(2s):
Coming up, it's fake trade season. Let's go.

(6s):
This episode is brought to you by Rocket Money. You sign up for something, forget about after the trial period ends, then you're charged month after month after month. The subscriptions are there, but you're not using them. In fact, I just learned that 85% of people have at least one paid subscription going unused each month. Thanks to Rocket Money. You can see all your subscriptions in one place. Cancel the ones you're not using anymore. Now you're saving money. Rocket Money is a personal finance app that helps find and cancel your unwanted subscriptions. You have so many of these monitors your spending and helps lower your bills so you can grow your savings. See all of your subscriptions in one place, know exactly where your money is going. For ones you don't want anymore. Rocket Money can help you cancel them. Rocket Money. Over 5 million users, they've saved a total of 500 million in canceled subscriptions. Saving members up to $740 a year. When using all the apps premium features. Cancel your unwanted subscriptions. Reach your financial goals faster with Rocket Money. Go to Rocket Money dot com slash bill today. That's Rocket Money dot com slash bill.

(1m 10s):
This episode is brought to you by Amazon Prime. Here's the thing about Prime, whatever you're into, it makes it even better. I love because we watch a lot of prime movies for the re watchable. I love being able to pop up the x-ray thing that tells you what actors and what scene. I love that. I love being able to rent movies that just came out or buy them. If I'm excited to do that from streaming to shopping. It's on Prime Visit amazon.com/prime to get more out of whatever you're into.

(1m 41s):
We're also brought to by The Ringer Podcast Network. I put up a new re watchable on Monday night. We did a re watchable mailbag. I had a great time. Thanks to everybody who's sending emails. We came up with new categories, couple theme months, slightly tweaked the structure of the show. Had some laughs. It was me and Chris Ryan and producer Craig Beck, if you wanna watch that. It is on The Ringer Movies YouTube channel. If you wanna watch anything from this podcast, the Bill Simmons YouTube channel. We did not do a podcast Tuesday. Make it up for it today with a special basketball podcast. Our old friend Kevin O'Connor is coming in. We're gonna talk about a bunch of teams that are in trouble. We're gonna talk about fake trades.

(2m 22s):
What's realistic, what's not? Where are people like Jimmy Butler going? Could there be a surprise? The trade deadline is February 6th. We're breaking all of it down first. Our friends from Pearl Jam. All right, we are taping this. It's four o'clock Pacific Time. There's reasons for that, which I get to. But very excited to have Kevin O'Connor here.

(3m 2s):
You might remember him from many, many, many years at The Ringer. He is now at Yahoo. We have not done a podcast during this basketball season. What better time KOC than fake trade season for us to reunite. Best time of the year Bill. And I have to say, you know, you know I called you on the phone when I left for Yahoo, but I have to thank you for everything. You know those eight years of The Ringer publicly? I have to. I have to. Yeah, we're we're, we're always good. Yes, of course. So unfortunately we had to take this a little late on Wednesday 'cause I was flying back from Boston this morning and then there was a wifi issue on the plane and I'm like, is this gonna work out? Am I gonna be able to do a podcast today? Then wifi miraculously came back and then I was on my iPad for hours making fake trades.

(3m 45s):
And I think a couple times the lady next to me was like, what's this guy doing? Why? What is, what is this trade machine that he has? But before we do that, a bunch of teams I wanna hit just big picture that kind of relate to this. In some ways Big was one Dallas. I think Dallas is in real trouble now. This lively injury. It's a foot injury and they're saying out two to three months. And as I've said a million times, I never trust feet injuries. I always feel like they're not being honest about how long the timetable is 'cause I'm not sure they know. And I always go, worst case scenario, three months takes us into the playoffs. It takes us into round one. And on top of it, Lucas hurt And I just, I, I thought Dallas was gonna be there in the end.

(4m 26s):
This is the first time I got worried. Yeah, I think with this lively injury, there's been some trickling out for a few days that like, oh maybe they're gonna go after a center. But I'm like, huh, maybe they wanna just have some versatility in the front court. But now that we know about the injury, it completely explains why, right. Going for a center here. And so my question is, what type of center are they gonna go for? They're gonna go for another, you know, lob vertical guy, like Lively, like gafford. But if you add a third guy like that and then lively comes back, You can't, right. Then what then what Your rock doesn't make sense. Yeah, exactly. So I wonder if maybe for them they still go after, you know, a pick and pop big or a switchable big, somebody like that to give them some front court versatility. But gaffer looked damn good the first half of their game on Sunday.

(5m 10s):
So like gaffer, we know he can step his play up. So I, I wouldn't say, I don't think I'd go as far as you to say that they're screwed, but it is gonna be a lot dependent on what they do to fill that center gap. 'cause it can't just be gaffer. That's all they have now. Well they're screwed in this respect right now. They're seventh in the west, they're 23 and 20 doesn't look like Lucas coming back until the all star break. There's teams that are just settled in way ahead of them now. The top four, Oklahoma, Houston, Memphis, Denver. I just don't think they're catching any of those teams, especially with the way Denver's playing. So now you're looking at, I don't have home court advantage any round, I don't know when Labley is coming back. They also made a lot of trades already. They don't have like a shitload of assets.

(5m 50s):
You know, they've already made a lot of their moves and they would have to dip into the clay, PJ Washington, like that kind of group to improve whether they need to improve. So I'm sure their game plan's just gonna be, we're probably gonna be in that seven to 10 range. Let's hope Lively comes back, let's hope Luca gets going. We'll be there in the end. But pretty tough man. If you're in those playing games and then you're on the road every round. We haven't really seen, we haven't seen a lot of success with that recipe. KOCI Mean even with a healthy lively, I'm curious like do you still view them as like upper tier in the Western conference? Right on the same level as Denver who's really come along lately. He's come along that like, like Russell Westbrook, you've gotta give the dude credit.

(6m 32s):
He is playing at the best, best level that he has in years. Jamal Murray getting along better now it's Danny Cha wrote about it for us, it's the most improbable relationship we've had in the NBA this decade. Yoko should Westbrook somehow like joining forces in a positive way. I don't understand it. It, it's kind of crazy. Like with Russ, it didn't work with LeBron. It works sometimes with the Clippers, but not all the time. It didn't end in one of their playoffs. Yeah And not at the end. And then with, yeah and then with Yoic it it's like you have Yoic after the game talking about like we could read each other's minds, right? Like there is some chemistry that they have. It feels like every other game. Once it's Yoic in Westbrook, then it's Yoic and Murray, then it's Yoic and MPJ. Yeah it's always a different connection.

(7m 12s):
Like their, their offense sometimes I felt like it got a bit dry. Like sometimes it was always Yoic Murray end of game situations. But there's variety now that makes me think, wait a minute, is Denver actually just the only true contender besides OKC in the Western conference? So they actually, the team that could take them down? 'cause I'm not, I'm not totally sold on Dallas anyway. I think they have too many holes. I'm still worried about Lucas Health. I mean when you're coming back post all-star break, right? With that type of injury, it's, that's the type of thing they could get hurt again and Kyrie in and out still as well. A lot of questions there with them even prior to Lively. But I feel, yeah, but here The flip side of this is why it was stupid to give up on Denver a month ago. If you have one of the best six players in the league, you just have to be taken serious in the playoffs.

(7m 56s):
So the question for me is can he get back to the right shape? When can Lively come back? Can they sneak out? Like if they're playing Houston in round one at two seven, they could beat Houston. Oh yeah. I don't know if Houston has another gear. So I'm sure they're not totally panicking yet, but it's not great, you know, and you think like Lucas 26 now they made the finals last year. They really went all in on this season and Oklahoma City kind of took their spot. But yeah, I'm not, I'm not a full level panic. I don't like the fact that they're not gonna have home court any round, every round. And I also don't know what the trade move is. So next one is Philly, who is borderline shut it down territory.

(8m 37s):
But you also look at the east and it's like, yeah they could make the playing game and what if they have those guys in mid-April and they're all healthy And I don't really know what the answer is, but the, the big thing is their first pick is top six protected, which everybody's been talking about all week. And I, I thought about how OKC gets that pick, right? If it's like seventh in a really good draft that I'm sure, I'm sure you've been become fascinated by this is the Sam Presti revenge on Daryl Morey, the James Harden trade 2012, right? And it became this thing that that became, became this curse over OKC and then never got to the finals and Darrell it kind of made his career in a lot of ways. The flip side of this OKC gets this pick because Philly has to dump Al Horford, right?

(9m 22s):
And now this pick is paralyzing Philly with their decisions because you maybe wanna just throw away the season and yet you can if indeed is gonna be healthy in two weeks. So what do you do if you're Philly? I don't think you can throw away the season. You can't like, like you said with Embi, if he's healthy, they've been good after he got back in December. Granted he's missed a lot of time since then. But if Ed's healthy, you know you're competitive. The problem is the fact that you get Paul George and you're saying well he is just gonna be better than Tobias Harris. He's gonna be way better than Harris. That has been for us. And then he looks like Tobias Harris for you. And so if Paul George is actually eating, Is that that an insult to Tobias Harris?

(10m 3s):
I'm not, I'm not sure. Yeah It is. 'cause Tobias Harris is very average below average with the Sixers and he is been pretty good with the Pistons. No, but I'm saying is to, would to Tobias Harris listen to this to be like, yo, I've been better than Paul George. At least I played That. That would be fair if, if he did say that he's at least been on the court. Well with Paul George, he just looks like a complete shell of his former self. So if the Paul George decline is beginning and this isn't just an off year at 35, 36 years old, whatever he is, you have to take advantage of these years. Especially if like a beat is healthy come April and you sneak in as the seven or the eight seed that that you can't a year, There's no way they're gonna be the seven or the eight seed. They're gonna be nine or 10.

(10m 43s):
But they could still sneak in because they'd have to win playing games. That's what I mean if they win the two playing games and they sneak in in that case and there's the seven or eight like you gotta, you have to go for that possibility. You can't completely tank out here. But if MB doesn't come back, moving up on the lottery is your silver lining here for Philadelphia that that. But I don't think you can tank for that. It's not worth doing that. You at least have to go forward otherwise it's another year wasted. And for Darrell Morrie in the front office as well and Nick Nurse as head coach, that could mean your job too if they do miss the playoffs and if next year they go into things and it's not better, you might not get another job anytime soon. So I don't think they have much of a choice but to go for it now We have hit fall Guy Range and it's gonna be either nurse or Darrell And I don't know which one it's gonna be, but we're very close at this point.

(11m 33s):
And N those guys don't play hard for nurse at all. But Don't, no, they don't seem like they don't. It just, we've seen this happen over the course of the NBA history. Like, like Don Nelson was a great coach. He took over the Ewey Nicks at one point in the mid nineties And I think he lasted like 45 games. It just didn't work. I don't know if it's that bad for them, but when you don't have two of your best three guys basically never playing, you know, they had this huge stretch last week, it was like four and five against all good teams and Mbbi missed all the games and then he made, and then they were like, he's probably at at least another week if you look at their schedule, any game where he would come back, it's a good team. There's like always like a Boston or a Cleveland.

(12m 13s):
There's some somebody on there And I just, I don't think he's gonna come back until he is healthy I think. I don't think he wants to come back at his ass kick. So I don't know if you're Nick DURs, what do you do on that? But the Paul George piece is the shocking thing. I guess we should have known he's been in the league a while, that it was possible. But I don't know he was always hit or miss but he hit and he, he's not hitting anymore. There's, it's more misses are, I forgot you were out there than hits. Yeah, I mean at, at the least, at a minimum he was a far better spot up shooter than Tobias Harris. Right? Like he was always above 40% from three. Tobias Harris was very streaky and consistent and lower volume this year. Paul George, only 35% from three has not been a knockdown guy on top of, you know, just stinking it up, end of game situations.

(12m 58s):
Losing control of the ball in the final minutes of games. Right? Some real careless turnovers. And the defense is not at a lockdown level for that matter either. So like the things that you thought at a minimum we're getting elite defender and knocked down shooter who can sometimes go off. You're not even getting the role player stuff from him right now. And so that's where what your Philadelphia, if he's not producing, I don't know if there's an answer for you to solve that at all with this roster. You are, you were banking on Paul George, you waited for him in free agency. That's what the whole plan was, was to go out and get Paul George for seven months. This was the plan. So if he's not working out, nobody's gonna take him for that matter. Who do you think's the most relieved?

(13m 38s):
Orlando, the Clippers. I wonder who else would've been in the mix on that. Well Golden State was in the mix for Paul George too. Golden State. Oh yeah, they were trying But but at the same Time Can you be relieved if you're them though you're super average this year. Yeah you're 500 don't think you can team. Yeah. So we agree. But Phil, Philly, Philly needs to use those picks though. They have four tradable picks. They need to use those. I'd say Would you use McCain? Who's out for the year? I don't know. He looks pretty damn good. Bill. Long term Kane Maxey is your back court. Does that, is that a back court that makes sense to you from a basketball standpoint? It's, it's Too, it's too small. Yeah, it's too small. But I, I think McCain's value would only go up to me. I mean I think like everybody talks about Jimmy Butler as a, as a guy to Phoenix and you know all these other teams.

(14m 24s):
Nobody ever mentions Philly. What if Philly offered three firsts with Paul George to reunite Jimmy Butler with Joel mbi. Maybe you don't do that if you're Philly, maybe you keep your tradable picks and go elsewhere. Yeah, but I'm just throwing the idea out there. And maybe Miami rolls the dice with Paul George as a longer term salary. I have Paul George Coming up later when we get to the fake trade section of this podcast. Okay. Because it's a fascinating topic. So we agree Philly's not shutting it down. They still have a chance to be a nine or a 10 seed. If they can get all those guys healthy for two months, that's still the plan. And if I'm Darryl Morrie, like that's a better chance than keeping my fingers crossed in the lottery. Okay, next one.

(15m 6s):
New Orleans is in, what the fuck land where they suck. But now that all their guys are back, they're actually like pretty solid and really talented and Trey Murphy's been playing great and they might be too talented to be a full tank team. I'll allow Brooklyn and teams like that. They have some good trade assets. Ingram is an expiring as hurt right now Zion year to year he can get out. CJ McCollum overpriced but reasonable to, for somebody who needs a scoring something and then I guess Murray, that roster doesn't really make sense. I don't even know what the move is. What do they do? What do you do if you're running New Orleans?

(15m 47s):
I think you just keep it going. Honestly, I I wouldn't, I wouldn't necessarily tank it out unless you're getting a really, really good deal from a column. Yeah, I think trading CJ McCollum would definitely be top of my list, aside from the obvious Ingram. But nobody, Nobody see now he's gonna be upset at me again 'cause he thinks I was throw him in trade rumors. I mean nobody's wanted Ingram for a year and a half. Especially now that he's hurt. Yeah. Yes. Is that gonna change in the next three weeks here with McCollum? At least he has had some banger performances as of late. Yeah, he's looked healthy. He looks very good for them right now. So maybe you're trading McCollum. The issue is the fact that he's a tough guy to trade at $33 million this year. He is still a smaller, smaller guard.

(16m 27s):
Yeah. So for New Orleans part part of me Bill looks at this as a year in which your horrible start with Zion, missing time keeps you in the lottery. It's gonna keep you having good draft odds. So if you do win and then the League, Yeah, so if you win towards the end of the season, maybe you actually have some clarity on what you want to do heading into the summer. So I'm not totally against keeping things together 'cause you're gonna have a lottery pick anyway. Like it's, you're not gonna get into the playing as you're too far back right now. So I'm okay with keeping things together right now and if Zion is, you know, backed up prime Zion for the whole rest of the season, yeah, I think that maybe gives you, you know, an idea of what you wanna do in the summer if you're the Pelicans versus dumping things right now, just for slightly higher odds, You just stumbled into the answer.

(17m 14s):
These next two months are about building back Zion up as a genuine asset and then trying to get outta that, get outta that situation as fast as you can. So you're still ejecting from the Zion situation? I am. I I, no matter what, me, if he's healthy for two months, that trade trade when the value's high, there are 11 wins be or 11 losses behind Phoenix for the 10 seed. That's crazy. So there's no scenario where they catch fire. Unfortunately. Where I, one of the things about Trading McCall is then you could play Jordan Hawkins more. It's weird. They're, they're deep but they also have a terrible record. They make no sense as a, as a team of assets. Anyway, next one.

(17m 56s):
I didn't know it was gonna be today. What's today's date? January 22nd. I thought it was gonna be after the Celtics game the next day when we celebrated the annual Lakers holiday. Passive aggressive trade day when some report comes out that LeBron and AD or just LeBron aren't happy with the roster. It happened today, it was January 22nd. I wish I had had FanDuel put odds with all the different days in January when it was gonna happen. But it happened today. LeBron and AD apparently really want them to improve the roster. They're not that happy with it. I don't know what the move is. KOC. When you're paying those two guys a hundred plus million dollars a year and you have Reeves, your roster's pretty good and maybe look in the mirror a little bit And I don't, I went through everybody, I don't if it's Rui and Vanderbilt and Vincent and two first, I don't even know what you're getting.

(18m 46s):
Who's available if it's a top 50 player, nobody wants to trade a top 50 player. So you, you're looking at people like Zach Levine and if they got Zach Levine, I just don't think they're a contender in the west. They would've the same problems they have anywhere where they can't guard anybody. I would never, it Reeves is a hangup for me. If somebody called about Reeves at 12 million a year, it's like, yeah, I'm sure you do want Oscar Reeves fuck off hang up. I don't know what the move is for them. I don't know how they're a title contender And I have some ideas zagging the other way. But what do you think If you're trying to add, which I, I don't think they're gonna go the other way. Walker Kessler is a center, try to go get him from Utah, then you can play two, two big lineups.

(19m 27s):
Are you winning four rounds if you make a walker Kessler trade? No, Just, just one of the names. You, you can trade two picks, you can trade multiple swaps. You do have some tradable salaries. So maybe that's one of the guys you go for. And I don't know if you And I feel the same way about this guy Bill, but I think everything Zach Levine has done this year, forget about last Year. No, we're aligned on that. Okay. So like to me, like if you're able to put a package together for Zach Levine and it's a tough deal, it'd probably have to be a three-way. But if you go get Zach Levine and add him to the bunch with LeBron James Anthony Davis, if you're able to go get a five like Walker Kessler, you have Dorian Finney Smith already, you have Austin Reeves, like suddenly you have like a really good top six, top seven with a lot of dynamic scoring ability, versatility on defense, different lineup configurations that you can play.

(20m 20s):
So I think the Lakers should be adding, they should try to trade their 29 and 31. They should try to trade their swaps. They should try to go for something here. If I was a Laker fan, I would be losing my mind at this. You wanna watch like really we're, we're gonna mortgage basically the next six years so we can fulfill this charade that we're a title contender. What if You Against Oklahoma City? What if you slightly protect those pigs? I wouldn't do it. I would zag the other way. And if Reeves is in a trade, they're just flat out stupid. What's, what's the other way? Does that mean trading ad trading LeBron? No, I have an ad idea. Okay. I think they should think about zing the other way in trading ad And you know, it's a really interesting thing to bring up to Laker fans because I think they're grateful they won the title in 2020, but I also feel like they don't wanna lose the entire decade trying to pretend that they can win a title with these two guys as their best players.

(21m 14s):
'cause they can't, you know, and you watch them, first of all, did you see that stat about how their, their their record versus what the record actually is? Like how far the the expected win rate or wherever that STA is? Yeah, which backs up what I've watched. Like they've lucked out with some schedule stuff. I don't think they're that good And I think they know they're not that good. Whatever their record is. You like, they're gonna play the Celtics tomorrow night and LeBron will have his a game and they're just not good enough defensively with the Celtics play. Well granted the Celtics can go seven for 50 for three and get smoked and a second game 'em back to back. But defensively they're just not good enough. And I don't know if Walker Kessler's changing that. Yeah, if you look at the, the teams in the NBA right now with 23 plus wins.

(21m 59s):
Yeah. The only two teams with a negative point differential, their magic minus 0.5 and the Lakers minus two And the magic Lakers lost their two best players for most of the season. Yes, Yes. Yep. And the Lakers, they, they're the only team in the west top six right now with a negative plus minus on the entire season. I just Don't see it. I I I would not give away the rest of the future just because LeBron wants a better team. You know, part of it is you insisted on the Anthony Davis trade, you guys won a title for it. You gave away all of these assets. You struck oil with Reeves. That was one of the luckiest things that could have happened to any team to get a guy is was he undrafted or a sec runner?

(22m 42s):
He was undrafted, right? Pretty sure he went undrafted. Yeah. Yeah. And then they get him on this crazy contract because he didn't go out and shop himself. So he is like 12 million a year for, you know, that's one of the best contracts in the league. So if you just look at those three things and the role players they have, you would think they would be better than they than they are. But you can't guard anybody. Last team is Miami. So the Butler thing is this is about as bad of a player team situation as we've had in a while. It's also the NBI grew up with where stars would just get mad at teams, stars, miss Planes, you know, even day going into the two thousands this would happen with people like Vince Carter. I don't know what his trade value is anymore And I don't think you probably do either.

(23m 26s):
I don't know what he's worth. I can't decide because he can opt in next year. He's such a headache, he's 35, you know, they have to trade him. Why am I offering anything for him? And he also hasn't done anything since game two of the East finals against the Celtics two years ago in 2023. Like he was inefficient. The rest of that, that series inefficient against Denver. He's missed time the last two years for, you know, suspensions for being a malcontent for injuries for age. I, I don't know like what he is actually worth at this point for all those reasons. So I I don't even know if I'd wanna trade for him. If I'm the son, I get the appeal. He is better than Bradley Beal. If you're gonna, you're obviously they're gonna continue trying to build This thing up if that's the trade you're doing that Yes, if it's Bradley Beal, you're doing that Bradley Beal for Butler straight up, which would be just an insane trade for Miami to make.

(24m 16s):
I don't know why they would take on an extra year of Bradley Beal. That's why you have like all these rumors trickling out about how it could be a four or five team trade because it's like somebody else would be taking Beal on this situation. And I I, I actually figured out what that trade would be. This wasn't one of my fake trades. Okay. I got one too for, for this one. I'm, I wanna know if Well came up with the same thing, but the, the part that has to be true is a Beal would wanna wave his no trade clause to go to Milwaukee, which I find hard to believe B Milwaukee would want Bradley Beal for this year and the next two so that you just have to like assume that that might be true. I don't think it's, doesn't Have to be the bucks for Beal doesn't, Well I'm just, the, the trade I came up with was Butler, the sons Beal to the Bucks.

(24m 60s):
Miami gets Chris Middleton, Steven Adams from Houston and Cam Whitmore from Houston and Houston gets Brooke Lopez. Hmm. And that actually works. Houston, Houston would taken, taken On, yeah, seven, 8 million to turn Adams and Whitmore and Lopez basically. And then all the contracts work Bucks. Just get Beal Bucks, just get Beal. That's it. I see. I'm saying no if I'm the bucks, I'm, I'm, I think I'm too. Yeah. Yeah. But I think when people talk about four teamers, five teamers, it's a trade like that. And I think a team like Houston has to be involved getting turning atoms and one of their y you know, younger cheaper assets in a, a better center. Here's what I got for the Jimmy Butler five way deal.

(25m 43s):
I got sons, lets Butler, Let's hear it five way, Five way sons get Butler. He get Chris Middleton and Pat Ton. Okay Bulls get Bradley Beal bucks, get Zach Levine and then the Pistons take Bobby Portis into their cap space and then you distribute some picks to the teams that should get them like the Bulls for taking Beal instead of Levine. But that would be the players that work salary wise. And so you got Beal, maybe he'd wave his no trade clause, get reunited with his college coach, Billy Donovan, you know, restore his career there. Who knows what his logic would be going there, but I don't think there's many teams that Beal would wave his no trade clause for. And I thought it was very, very interesting that Mark Bartelstein, his agent came out again publicly tonight.

(26m 28s):
It's the second time he's spoken publicly about Beal. Yeah. And he listed a bunch of teams, the Lakers, the Bucks, the, the heat, all these teams. He's not waving his no trade clause for the Bulls weren't mentioned. Oh. And so that might be because the Bulls aren't a team that a lot of people are talking about publicly in this whole scenario. But you do have the other stuff reported earlier on Thursday about the Bucks looking at Zach Levine. I don't think the Bucks would want Beal either. He's not necessarily an upgrade over this diminished version of Chris Middleton, but Zach Levine damn well is an upgrade over what you have in Middleton right now. So maybe Beal to the Bulls is something that could make sense there, which is why I came up with those five teams and the Pistons is the fifth team.

(27m 9s):
You could put other teams there, but they're the one with cap space. So it's just easy. That's good word. KOC Here's here would be my, my counter. Why would, I don't understand why the Bulls have to get rid of Zach Levine. I don't either. He's played really well this year. I actually think he's an asset. I I don't wanna keep him. We did The Ringer a hundred. I had him like in the thirties. I I've watched him single handedly beat like the Knicks, the Celtics, like he's, the better the competition is, the more he goes up a level. If I was walking, I could turn Chris Middleton and another contract and then Zach Levine, I'm doing that in five seconds. Well if I'm the sons, he's way better than Bradley Beal. He, and plus he plays Yes. If I'm the sons, I'd probably rather get Zach Levine than Jimmy Butler.

(27m 52s):
I think you're right. I mean, I like Jimmy Butler obviously is proven in the playoffs. He was younger at that time. Zach Levine also has not been in those situations. But if you removed last year when he was out for the season with a foot injury, he's been awesome since 2020. It's Been awesome. And he has, yes. And this year he has the ball a lot, which is like, for the Lakers, he makes no sense because he's not gonna have the ball nearly as much and he can't play defense. Right. So if, if you're trading for him, it has to be a situa like the Rockets won't do it. But he's somebody that makes a ton of sense for me if I'm the Rockets, even though he would hurt little defensively, he's somebody in the last five minutes of a game can actually like match baskets with whoever the best player in the other team is.

(28m 36s):
I think that's his superpower. Not a lot of guys, like the sons don't necessarily need that. Right. But if you're talking about the Bucks who already have Damon Giannis, but you're improving the Middleton spot with him, basically the way Middleton's been playing this year. Like I think about it. I like, I I we we're aligned though I think Levine's been good. I I hate seeing him get thrown into these trades. Like he's not an asset. I think he's an asset. It, it makes no sense. I mean, I just pulled up some numbers prior to the recording bill. Just, just 'cause like with Levine, a lot of people still think he's like some diminished asset, but four of the last five years, if we removed last season, 45% on catch and shoot threes, 37% on dribble jumper threes, 45% on mid-range jumpers, 63% on unassisted shots at the rim.

(29m 23s):
He's caught 26 lob dunks. That's the fourth most of all guards in the NBA. Hmm. So he's versatile. We know he is a great athlete. He's a an elite shooter off the dribble and off the catch, he's versatile with how he gets to those shots, screens and handoffs. Pick and roll. He can shoot from mid range. He can do a lot for your offense and fit into different roles at this point. So just like I I just forget about last year he's been injury prone. Yeah, but last year was the only year where it actually affected his performance ever since 2020. So to me, if the, I'm the, if I'm the Bulls, I'd be happy to keep him. I know that creates some roster issues with Kobe White and all that. Maybe you end up flipping him instead. But Kobe White's also on a value contract.

(30m 4s):
But Levine's been awesome, dude. I, I just, I can't, I I can't understand why he's still viewed as some horrible asset at this point. The only Reason, reason you trade him is if you feel like your team doctors who've spent a lot of time with him are like, sell high right now. This is, this is, this is it. He's gonna get hurt in two months. That's the only reason. And maybe you do, maybe, maybe that's what it ends up being. Like, if the Lakers say, we'll give you two unprotected firsts, I if, if the Suns say we'll give you Bradley Beal and 2, 2 2 or three first that we just received in that really interesting deal with the jazz, I Would keep him, I think he's gonna be worth more. Especially like next year. There'll only be two years left on his deal. Yeah, they're gonna be a playing team unless Phil can catch them And I wouldn't wanna play that game.

(30m 49s):
And a winner takes all that team and a winner take all where all of a sudden it's a tie game with five minutes left. And Zach Vin is doing some of the stuff we've seen him do this year. All right, we're aligned on that. We're gonna take a break, we're gonna come back. Fake trade time.

(31m 5s):
The Bill Simmons Podcast brought to you by FanDuel. From the first whistle to the final drive, FanDuel taking the NFL playoffs to the next level. Right now new customers can commit $5 and get 300 bucks in bonus bets if you win. That is $300 in bonus bets if you win your first $5 bet. FanDuel app giving you everything you need for live bets, same game. Parlay is so much more. Plus when you win, you get paid instantly. Just visit FanDuel dot com slash bs to join today. Get started with $300 of bonus bets. Once again, FanDuel dot com slash bs Make this playoff season unforgettable with FanDuel and official sportsbook. Partner of the L must be 21 plus in P in select states or 18 plus in president in dc. First online Real Money wager only $5 First deposit required bonus issued as non Withable bonus batch, which expire seven days after receipt restrictions apply. See terms@sportsbook.fan.com. Game 'em problem call 1-800-GAMBLER. Visit rg help.com.

(31m 57s):
This episode is brought to you by LinkedIn. In basketball, a blockbuster trade can make or break your playoff run before the deadline. GMs across the league scour for the right data and insights. Hope their moves pay off. February 6th trade deadline this year, by the way, just like in basketball, growing your small business in 2025 all comes down to how well you can build your team. That starts with better insights from LinkedIn with unique skills and interests to the connections you have in common. LinkedIn has the strongest hiring data and insights to help you identify the right professionals so you can make the best hiring decisions. LinkedIn pairs you with the high quality candidates you need to make your business grow and flourish. LinkedIn also lets you go beyond candidates who are actively in a given week, 171 million LinkedIn members aren't actively seeking jobs, but they are open to new opportunities Who isn't? That's a big pool of people you don't wanna miss out on. And who knows, one of them could be your next all Star player. So hire smarter in the new year. Find your next great hire and LinkedIn. Post your job for free at LinkedIn dot com slash simmons. Once again, LinkedIn dot com slash simmons to post your job for free terms and conditions apply.

(33m 9s):
This episode is brought to you by Vuori. I love sports. I know you do too. I also know that lots you exercise, but if you're like me and my wife, the the beloved sports gal, you're sick and tired of ugly, uncomfortable workout gear especially, you know, I do a lot of walking, I walk around LA I make calls, I listen to podcasts. Here are two words that will change everything. Vuori, clothing, a line of active wear that is unbelievable. The best thing about Vuori is you can lounge around in it, you can work out in it, you can go outside, you can go shopping down in your local wherever and you never feel like you're either underdressed or overdressed. You're just comfortable. You can wear it when you're training, traveling, lounging around the house. Go get yourself some of the most comfortable and versatile clothing in the planet. Here's the deal, our listeners get 20% off their first purchase at Vuori dot com slash simmons. Once again, V-U-O-R-I do com slash Simmons.

(34m 6s):
Alright, I have some fake trades that I don't think will happen, but I thought would be fun to throw at you. And then I wanna hit a couple that I do think could happen, should happen, probably won't happen, but at least they're realistic. Trade number one, Bradley Beal for Paul George. Straight up who says no. Bradley Beal says no. Bradley Beal says no, that's right. Alright, let's say he didn't have no trade clause. Okay, so Bradley Beal has two years left after this year. Paul George has three. The Sixers called Phoenix and said, we'll give you Paul George right now for Beal. And the the sons were like, really?

(34m 46s):
Okay, well have, and they decide to do it. Beal has that connection with Embi. Remember Embiid was pushing for him a couple years ago. That's true. I think Phoenix blinks faster with a no than Philly in that trade. I, I think both say no in the end, right? Philly needs, Philly needs that big wing. They have enough guards. They have, you know, maxi McCain's out for the year, but they still have 'em. So you think they say no Faster? I think Philly says no faster, but both end up saying no. I think Phoenix says no faster, but who knows. All right, next one, three Teamer. Oh, this is Miami gets Kevin Durant.

(35m 31s):
Philly gets Jimmy Butler. Phoenix gets Joel Embi and a 2029 fir. And Philly gets a 2029 first Philly's just outta the Mbbi business. They turn Mbbi and a 2029 first from Miami into Jimmy Butler. And they're just out. Never gonna happen. Philly says, no, Philly's like, no, you can't give up one on B today. But that leads me to this que it leads me to this question. Would Philly ever consider trading and BAB? Would anyone consider trading for MBI when he plays 40 games a year?

(36m 12s):
Max? Is he UNT tradable? Is he tradable? I have no idea. I think Mbbi WI think the Sixers would consider trading Mbbi this summer. Right now, today. I don't think they would. I just don't think you can today. But this summer, absolutely you could. He starts a whole new contract, $59 million next season, then 64 and then 69 the next three years. Guaranteed. Can you imagine With the playoffs can imagine Josh Harris, who also owns Washington, who's playing for the NFC title on Sunday. And he gets like a call about Sixers and he's just like, I don't even care. Like just whatever. Just, just don't make any trades. Like I, I'll deal with that this summer. I just care about football.

(36m 52s):
That's it. Sixers are a loss. Get them outta here by the way that, you know, Bob Meyers helped Washington with the football team, right? He was on that advisory committee and he, and, And I just feel like he's looming with the Sixers thing And I don't think I'm alone. There's been some Bob Meyers Philly Buzz that I think has been building 'cause I think he had a good experience with Josh Harris. Have you heard the same Ve very interesting. No, I, the only thing I heard with Bob Myers is that the sonics could be a team when they expand and when the, whenever the NB a's gonna do that. I think Bob Myers is lurking in general. Very. But I I would not, if, if there is a fall guy, which we talked about earlier, it's gonna be Nick Nurse and Darrell Moy, unfortunately Could Be both.

(37m 32s):
I think the fact that Bob Myers is, yeah, maybe it's both. One thing that Bob Myers does builds the culture. That's what he was famous for. The Warriors and you bring him into Philly. So if it gets really bad, I I just wouldn't be surprised. All right, so we both think is Bob a is Bill? Is Bill, is Bob a tear, tear down guy? Like if he did get hired by the Sixers, was he somebody to reset things or would he try to make it work from the bead? I think he, I think he's a how do we get this to a better place all the way around guy. Yeah. Before we decide to blow this up would Be my guess. That's what I'm thinking too. Yeah. Okay. So we both think at bead, nothing happens until this summer. I think more because the rest of the week would be like, yeah, cool. Indeed, no thanks.

(38m 13s):
Third trade. Do we think Brandon Ingram has any value? Not really very little. Making like 33, something like that. But it's expiring. I think the value is New Orleans takes back a, a contract with another year on it and you get a pick as well. But Ingram himself, the, the, the, the injuries, the iffy production, not a lot of value and just not a lot of time left on his contract for that matter either. If you're Detroit, would you rather have Ingram for one year or Tobias Harris for two? I'm liking it with Tobias Harris. I don't think I'd wanna screw up that chemistry right now. Yeah, I think that's the right answer. All right, so I'm gonna get rid of them in that trade and I'm gonna knock it down to, is there something with San Antonio and McCallum, sorry cj, I threw you into a trade.

(39m 4s):
McCallum San Antonio's Trade Jones expiring Zach Collins this year, next year, like 16 million, they have a little wiggle room where they could actually make a trade and take a bigger salary back. So there's ways to finagle it where they're basically just giving up an expiring Collins who is a guy next year, they could give up, they have a million picks. I wanna see the Spurs add one or two guys and that's gonna be a recurring theme for the rest of my fake trades. There's another version of this where it could be McCollum and Ingram together going from New Orleans to San Antonio and then New Orleans gets Jones Collins, Harrison Barnes expiring and at least one 2025 first I wanna say San Antonio do something.

(39m 52s):
Wendy's that if you have a top seven player, you can't pretend you don't have a top seven player. If you have tradable stuff and a million picks, like what's wrong with, with at least tweaking it and going for it a little bit? Is it possible you don't wanna be too good too soon? Why if It disperse? I mean, what's wrong with having, you know, another lottery pick this year? W in a, in a draft where you could take Cooper flag if you end up getting lucky with the five or 6% chance with your lottery odds there It there was it there? It's impossible to go under 500 Weby. What's their record now? 19 and 22 right Now and 22. All right, so 10th best odds, 3% chance at the number one pick, which is unlikely.

(40m 36s):
But so you're saying there's, right now there's 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7 teams. They're definitely not catching from a loss standpoint. Plus Philly. I mean, I'd like to see them add two for but the right pieces. McCallum point guard in his thirties. I'm, I'm, I'm iffy there And I don't love the Ingram fit with Wendy. Okay, so you wouldn't do anything. That's why I put it in the, I'm not sure I would do this camp. Well, I I I wouldn't do that. There's other stuff I think I would do if I'm the Spurs, but I wouldn't do that. Okay, Well I have another Spurs trade for you. Okay. This will never happen. I just wanna, none of the, these four trades I did, none of them are happening. Do You have a Zion one?

(41m 17s):
Just a fun exercise. I'd think about Zion. That'd be fun. Well, Zion's coming, coming Later about a big swing. Okay, This is the official blow it up trade for Philly where San Antonio gets. Paul George, Kyle Lowry and Tyrese Maxey. Woo. Wow. Philly gets Barnes, Zach, Collins Jones, Kel Johnson, CP three and a slew of firsts. Like just the San Antonio, like sixth, first, seven, first whatever you do. And basically Philly just gets out of this whole thing. They do the super tank and they sell high on Maxi knowing they have McCain. This will never happen.

(41m 57s):
I just wanna do it as a thought experiment. Maxi Wendy. That's what I'm talking about. Yeah, that's what I'm talking about. Yeah. San Antonio Overpays, they pay 140 cents on the dollar. 170 cents on the dollar with all the extra picks they have just with the end game being Maxi Castle, WEBY Cel. And this is our team going forward. It'll never happen. I love you. Kind of like this one. Love. Yeah, I love it. Yeah. I mean I'm into it. It's kind of like the same reason why I liked Reid Shepherd for them in the draft, because I want that shooting smaller, quick guard, speedy guy, a pair with Victor. Like, I mean, I know the Chris Paul stuff is working. I get it looks good.

(42m 38s):
He looks almost 40, But he moves so slow he can't get into the pain anymore. I I I think we should be getting a lot more lob opportunities that he is been able to, but that's 'cause Chris, Paul is very slow and he is not able to beat guys off the dribble and defense because defenses can just switch. You wouldn't be able to do that as much if it's Maxi or somebody like that. You, you would, would you still have Shepherd over Castle with that pick? I think so. I think so. Really, I love Castle. I'm, I mean, I love Castle on that dude. I mean the, it was so close for me between those guys. I think I had it shepherd, castle clinging. It was, you know, it's a one, one. Who do you Have number one in a redraft now?

(43m 18s):
Just throw all the teams out. Who do you think the best asset is? I don't know if I'd change that right at this point right now. I think I'd keep, keep those three. Was it Reed Shepherd's 49 point performance in the G League that won you over? Yeah. Yeah. Why do it gave me think he hasn't been better in Houston. I just think it's a lack of playing time. They just have too many guys. Yeah. I mean, who's he gonna over? I I kept all my stock. I haven't sold an ounce of Reed Shepherd's stock, but I love Castle. I, yeah, castle Castle's awesome. He, Like, I would take him Castle first heading into the draft. I would take him first. Now I love how competitive he is. I feel like he's getting better, I think physically in like four years. I think he's just gonna be like, just a beast. I I can't wait to see how he grows.

(43m 59s):
If They like, let's say they got that Maxi deal or whoever the, the small guard is Castle can be like your Iguala type to like Stephan Curry. Oh yeah. Like he does, he does everything for your team. He can defend every position, cut spot up screen, sometimes run, pick and roll handle the offense for you castle's. Just like a total true Swiss Army knife. Yeah. For that roster. I, I don't know. I love him. He is perfect with Victor. Perfect for the Spurs. They're gonna luck out at some point. There's gonna be a team going sideways that wants to rebuild and trades their expensive point guard, you know, could have, three weeks ago you could have said maybe it's Sacramento, but they kind of righted the ship a little bit. But at some point there's gonna be somebody with some leverage and a team that is ready to, to blow it up anyway, that trade's never happening, so don't aggregate it.

(44m 48s):
Did you have a fake trade that's never happening, but you still were enchanted by it? Let's see, on my lists, I mean I, I I think most of mine, maybe you could say there's a chance. Okay. So none, none of them, I would say are super Crazy. You put them in the year saying a chance, all right, let's move into trades. We could actually see happening even though if they probably won't, I'll get you. What's your first one? All right, first one, Orlando Magic. Anthony Simons to the Magic for Cole, Anthony, jet Howard and one first round pick going to the Blazers. So you upgrade over Cole Anthony with Anthony Simons younger guy as well. That still fits the, the roster for you moving forward in Orlando and Portland gets Jet Howard, maybe he turns into something, a future pick and they get some salary relief as well.

(45m 35s):
Since you're gonna have Cole Anthony, jet Howard in pieces rather than that big Simons deal in the $25 million range. And Simons has some Orlando connections I think. Yes. He's from Florida. Yeah. There's always, he's always been rumored in a, it's a possible magic thing And for Portland it's all like a all in, you know, let's get a full look at Scoot Scoots been better as of late. He showed signs of life. Oh Yeah. So that's part of it. That's part of, He's showed signs of life. All right, yes, there's been life That's part of it for Portland here. It's like you have Simons who's taking a lot of those touches. He's absorbing a lot of those minutes. Cole Anthony, great chemistry, chemistry guy for the magic. That's one reason why you wouldn't wanna move him. But he could be that in Portland too.

(46m 16s):
He could be the backup spark plug point guard. Simons is actually deserving of a bigger role. So I think he could get that with the magic that he can't get with Portland because you still need to invest in Scoot if you're the Blazers, despite all the ups and downs. I think what we've seen the last five, six games, which I've been monitoring very closely. Yes, the sure and plus the Billups quotes too. Billups seems like really fired up about 'em all of a sudden. But stuff's clicking, things are happening. They're starting to move the team toward him. They're also in the tanking situation, so it's perfect. Just let him make his mistakes. But I'm with you. They probably, Simon's probably needs to go for the Scoop piece. I don't know what he is worth. So if you're saying like Orlando gives up a first, that's gonna be a bottom half of the first round first, unless it's this year's draft because their record isn't as nearly as good as it would've been because of all the injuries.

(47m 7s):
So they have, they own their own first the next six years. I would probably want this year's first from them if I traded Simons. Yeah, I think so too because Going forward they're probably gonna be a top eight or nine team, so All right. That's a fun one. My first one I wanna get Cam Johnson, who's been floated around a lot and Brooklyn clearly wants to trade him. I've decided Detroit should be the team that gets him and Detroit has the Tim Hardaway expiring. They have a weird situation with their pick because New York owns their pick. So it's like protected and then it just keeps rolling over. But then you can't trade 2025 or 26. 'cause eventually it'll be realized in 27.

(47m 49s):
So I was thinking, I wonder how the Knicks would help them out and remove the protections from the pick so that Detroit could trade this year's pick, try to get Cam Johnson and maybe that other Knicks pick. Then I started thinking, you don't see teams do this this much, but what if the Knicks traded Mitchell Robinson to Detroit as part of the deal and as part of the deal, they got this giant trade exception and they forfeited their rights to the Detroit first and they got Dayron sharp back from, from the Nets and they just got a backup center making $10 million less than Robinson. And then the Nets would be like, we'll give you DeAngelo Russell too. He is available and the Knicks are going, no thanks.

(48m 30s):
But is there something there where it could be a three team or not a two. The Knicks could get something out of it, cut some salary, create an exception. Maybe it's just Cam Johnson for Tim Hardaway in a pick and it's a later pick. But do you, is there something there? 'cause I feel like there is, I would like the Pistons. I wanna see them get better. I mean, it's complicated. So like I, I would ca with, I'm just trying to figure out the salaries here. So Mitchell Robinson, to be clear, he's going to, He's 14 million. Detroit can actually take it because to Detroit. Because they, Because they're under the cap, right? Trade exception. No, they, they have the cap. Yeah. Well if they're taking in Cam Johnson, they won't be under the cap though.

(49m 13s):
I did it in the trade machine and it all worked because there's trade exception stuff too. Anyway. It could just became Johnson in Hardaway in a pick. And we make, we could make it easier. 'cause that works too. But I mean, I'm intrigued. I mean the, regardless of the, the surrounding pieces, the idea of Cam Johnson on the Pistons makes a lot of sense. I mean that's a better Tim Hardaway Basically Yes. That, that's the type of guy they should be going for for sure. Like if it's a, if it's an easier deal to make than, than maybe, but like, I don't know about all the other pieces but Cam Johnson of the Pistons, yes, please. Like that's a good idea. I Made it too complicated. But Yes, like just simply that idea. I like, yes, I, if I were the Knicks, I'd be thinking of a way to dump Mitchell Robinson in a trade.

(49m 56s):
I would too. And get a cheaper big back and try to get some cap space, some apron relief, some luxury tax relief and some flexibility with some sort of trade exception would be my dream scenario. Well, that I have a Mitchell Robinson trade in part for that reason. Let's Hear it. I got the Knicks in the jazz. Oh, okay. I got Mitchell Robinson, deuce McBride who had paid me to trade and Precious chua for Colin Sexton Walker Kessler, and a salary filler and feedback. Hi Luke. Oof. So in this case you'd be, you'd, you would do this deal if you're the Knicks knowing that Mitchell Robinson may not be coming back for the entire season. And so you get Walker Kessler back to Phil Sim rule, you get Colin Sexton as an upgrade over Deuce McBride.

(50m 37s):
I love Deuce. I think Deuce is better. Thane is Tom Thito. Yeah. I mean, Tom Thibodaux barely plays him though. He barely plays any of the guys off the bench. So I, maybe you don't even make this deal for that reason. Knowing Tibs is gonna have Walker Kessell playing eight minutes a game and Sexton playing 15. Right. But, but maybe he would play some of those guys more. But, so I think if you're the Knick, something along those lines, I'd be wanting to get another center. 'cause as much as I really like Precious aua, I want a true five. I want another true rim protector next to Ka. 'cause what they've been doing lately and the lineups have worked well, but they've barely played Ka with a Chua. Yeah. It's worked when they have, it's been really successful for that team.

(51m 17s):
But I wanna see somebody that allows Kat to be in that role. He was next to go bear in Minnesota. I know a Chua doesn't offer the room protection that say Walker Kessler could. So maybe I've made that deal too complicated. And you trim it down to something like, No, I see what you're trying to do with it though. I just, if I'm Utah, They just outta a five. Why do I have to trade Kessler if I'm Utah is what I keep coming back to every time I see his name in trade rumors. I mean that's, that's the case with a lot of guys. Like, what? Why am I trading this guy? Yeah, I'm sure you do want him. He's a young guy in a super cheap contract and and he produces and he protects the rim. Why do I have to trade him? Like they're probably, I would assume they're gonna try to be good next year or try to be better. How many years in a row can you throw away?

(51m 59s):
Yeah, there's something there. I, I think the Knicks have to think that way. How can they package stuff? Well Next year Bill, they gotta go get bys. AJ Devonta. One more year of being crappy. Oh, you think they're throwing away another 1, 1 1 more year. Just one more. If you're the jazz That's, And also next year's class has more than just AJ too. Like next year's class you got the Booers, you got Kareem Lopez who's dominating in the NBL right now is 17 years old in a men's league. So there's a lot of guys in next year's class that could be, you know, number one quality pick. So I think it's one more year for Utah. What, where's the Banson in the Brooklyn in the Brockton rankings right now?

(52m 39s):
It's gotta be number one. No hagger's gotta be one, right? Oh, oh, I mean right today like current living all time. Yeah. Surprising. This is the top All time. Yes. Devon's gonna prove it. Is it Rocky Marciano from Brooklyn Brockton? Yeah. Over my shoulder. These two Bobbleheads. I got Marvin Hagger. Yeah. So Marcano Hagger one, two. Yeah. Oh all time. Yeah, they're one two without a doubt. I need to take a break before I throw this next straight at you. So we're taking a quick break. All right. Coming back. I'm glad you're sitting down. Take a deep breath. What if San Antonio traded for Jordan Pool and Jonas Valentina and gave up Jones and Collins in a first round pick and kind of dabbled in getting better but didn't really do it and didn't really give up anything.

(53m 34s):
And if you're watched and you're like, this is great, now we got rid of the one guy who can actually win games for us. We got rid of a center that keeps getting mentioned in these trade. We, we know what happens with these centers. They always end up going for second round picks. Nobody gives up a first round pick for the $9 million. Pretty good center. But if you're San Antonio and you could add just Jordan Pool and Valentinas for nothing, like basically nothing, why wouldn't you do that? So With Jordan Pool Bill. Yeah, let's hear it. Throughout Through, throughout his entire basketball life, he's been a near 90% guy from the free throw line. He's had touch near the basket on floaters, but he is never been a consistent three point shooter until this season.

(54m 18s):
25 years old, over 40% from three for the first time in his entire career after he was a below 34% guy. What if this is the new Jordan pool? What if, What if you figured it Out? What if 2022 finals Jordan Pool is really Jordan Pool and Draymond Green just punched it out of him for two years? I think he's worth taking our, it's this year in the next two in his contract. He's yes overpaid. There's no question. But if you're San Antonio, what do you care? You're not spending that much money anyway And for pool, like it's not like you have him till he is 27, 28 years old. Yeah, so it, it's not a long term. I think He's been legitimately good this year. I actually like watching him on The Wizards this year. Right. I know the wi the Wizards went from the one of the worst watches in the league last year too.

(55m 1s):
Oh wait a minute. They're pretty fun. There's, there's some like pool's been really good. Alex sars getting better, right? They've been a fun team to watch. Well you can tell who's not watching The Wizards when people are like, what if they can get Kyle Kuzma and it's like you obviously haven't watched a Wizards game this year. Who's been one of the worst parts of the league coma? Nobody wants Kyle Kuzma. Kuzma has not been good but, but Pool I'm intrigued. I'm intrigued 'cause for a long time that one. So you like this one? This might be the first one we've fully agreed on. I Like, I like this one because pool's the type of guy that I think is worth a swing. Like for the, for the Spurs. These guys, I don't wanna get, when they first drafted Weby Bill, I was thinking oh they should accelerate. They should go after Brooke Lopez and have another big, they should go after a veteran.

(55m 43s):
Yeah. And really support Victor and be good right away. I've backed off that the last year and a half. I want them instead to take these short term guys who are swings. I'd be open to Zion, Jordan, pool types, guys like that who help. You may be competitive. Yeah. But you're not having to overspend all of your future assets. 'cause the time you're gonna be really wanting to trade in those assets. Like the two future picks you got from Minnesota, the Apix you have from the Hawks. Yeah. That's gonna be in the next 2, 3, 4 years. And that range, when Victor's into his mid twenties, that's when it's time to go build and try to go for it and take those really big swings on proven guys at this point Point I still think you wanna be, but I still think you wanna be competitive.

(56m 25s):
Competitive in a real way. Now competitive, which is what Preston did competitive in O KC the last couple years, right? Yes. He's he And just because he lucked out in a bunch of different ways, but his scale as a GM but also like guys blossoming maybe be faster than they thought. But all that stuff was good for them. Those, those games that OKC played the last two years led to this year. I think if you're San Antonio, you wanna start thinking that way. Totally. Can this year you competitive next year lead to two years from now. We're a 60 win team. And, and they are competitive. They're just slightly below 500. They're really great when Victors on the floor. So they, they're Tough to pay the games. They they have the same problem Houston has where they, it's you know, if he's not getting the ball in the right spots, it's really, or Vall is really the only other one I kind of trust with the ball.

(57m 10s):
Cp, he's too old now And Vall Hass been disappointing this season too. Oh He has but I mean I, at least I feel like he can get the shot that he wants. I don't know if it's going in but it's really hard for them to create offense down the stretch and, And Jordan Pool. No issues creating His own shot. Jordan Pool. No issues. I sorry. So we're aligned on that one. I would love to see them. Do I Like it? I'm into it. Thats a, that's good creative idea. I hadn't thought about Jordan Pool as a target for the, for the Spurs. That's a good one. Do your Zion one. You must have a Zion to the Spurs one. I I, I don't, I don't have a Zion to the Spurs one. I was just intrigued by the idea after you mentioned the Pelican trades. I'm all, I'm all in. I mean there's multiple ways that could go. I don't know how many picks would've to be involved but I think putting Zion, I talked about this a couple weeks ago. Rolling the dice with Zion with that team, with the spotlight of being Wendy's teammate, different organization, lot of history titles.

(57m 57s):
Tim Duncan sitting there Courtside every once in a while I would just do it. Can I give you a three way of just kind of, it's like a Yankee swap in Christmas. Sure. Milwaukee gets to buy us Harris making $25.3 million this year on, on the books for next year too. Minnesota gets Chris Middleton 31.7 million. Detroit gets Julius Randall 33.1 million. This actually works in the trade machine. So Detroit's taking almost $8 million extra salary to quote unquote upgrade from Harris to Randall maybe for this year. Maybe this year and next year if you hop in, Minnesota's saving a little money and getting rid of the Julius Randall issue that's kind of haunted them all season.

(58m 42s):
Even though I think he's a good basketball player just doesn't make sense for them. So they would save 1.6 million which with the tax becomes like 20 million or some crazy number and just kind of people passing stuff around kind of like it then and Milwaukee saving money. But I kind of like the idea of Randall and Detroit. 'cause even Monday everyone was going nuts about Cade. Cade had 10 turnovers in that game. He has the ball all the time. Yeah. You know he kind of needs one more person. You know, I don't want ran, I don't want Randall in Detroit. So You don't want Randall anywhere. Is there a team you want Randall Brooklyn. So you think he's become a good stats bad team guy? Yeah, That I think that's exactly what he is.

(59m 23s):
And I mean it's crazy to say that about a dude who was two time all NBA and he's had some really good seasons but he's just been horrible for Minnesota this year and he is also had times where he is horrible for the Knicks. And so you have this really good thing going right now with the Pistons. And I know Cade's not perfect yet, but I don't want Randall clog in the lane for Cade when things are finally opening up for him and he is looking like a borderline all that's fair NB guy. That's fair. But why do you look for the other teams though? I'm just curious. I like saving money if I'm Milwaukee And I like saving a little money if I'm Min Minnesota and getting rid of the Randall piece and for Detroit I think the bet would just be, Randall was 24 and 10 and was an all NBA forward, you know, a couple times for the Knicks and got put in one of the worst possible situations in Minnesota for him as a basketball player where it just doesn't make sense.

(1h 0m 15s):
Maybe there's an actual asset here Or is that in part his fault that it's not working perfectly? Oh it's definitely partly his fault. Yeah. Yeah. Because he doesn't know how to play any other way. But that, that's the thing. It's like, well maybe on a different team there's something more here. I would think about it but I also think that Troy probably has better moves. Like I, I like Cam Johnson for them more than Randall, but I Randall's not, I want Sure to me he's not a sunk cost. Like Beal is a sunk cost to me. I don't see a scenario where he is worth that money ever again. Randall, I'm not positive. So I I've Nick I'm sure you do too. I know some Knicks fans who still swear by Randall and we're like guy's getting a bad rap.

(1h 0m 56s):
He was really good for us. I, those people are out there. Then there's other Knicks fans who can't stand him. Give a trade. Alright, I got a small one. This is a sons one, Yusef Ner and one of the first you got in that Utah deal to the Blazers for Robert Williams. Send Nerk back to Portland. Get time Lord obviously injury prone, but he is a lob guy. Fits the Nick Richards profile or And he makes way less money than Ner. Yes. So you're saving money and you're getting a guy who fits your Roster probably has to throw something else in there to make this salary. It Work, work, work. Salary wise Ner for Williams. Yep. It does. I, I mean I would do it just to get off the IC money next year and save the luxury tax.

(1h 1m 39s):
IC is, I don't know if he's not the worst contract in the league, but when you think about he's one of the most UNT tradable, I think At two years left it Was hla. Yeah it was hilarious. Earlier in the year when the Suns fans were thinking that they could turn Nerca in Vukovich somehow. It's like what planet are you on? IC has been awful. Nobody wants IC and now they traded for Nick Richards and he doesn't play at all. So I would do that for both teams. 'cause Nir had, the only thing is if you're trading a center of, if I'm Portland, do I wanna get a center back? Is it worth it just to get a random pick? Is there a way to make that a three-way deal? Where goes somewhere else?

(1h 2m 20s):
Maybe Nage comes off the bench for you behind clinging, something like that, you know, but then you have the eight in issue as well. But I, I wanna see them go too big sometimes. I'd like to see them try that out more often. And I don't know if, I think Billups is resistant to doing that, but at least Ish is a guy, he's, you know, he's a vet. Maybe he plays a little bit off the bench for you, but being back in Portland, maybe he won't pout like he's in Phoenix right now. Is Aton a trade piece to you in any way? I don't think so. So he's another one. I, I agree with you. He's been productive but who's trading for him at 30 plus million dollars? So many teams have fives right now.

(1h 3m 1s):
I don't think there's many teams out there that would want a five making his money with how inconsistent he is. Yeah, I I don't, I don't know the team. I'm not sure New Orleans made sense a little bit before the season, but not so much right now. Yeah, not, they're 12 and 32. Yes. They, they were the only team that I really had thought of before the season at this point I, I don't see something there for him. I have one more big trade. So give me one more from you before I do my big one. Okay, let's see. I got, I got one right here. I got a Cam Johnson one. Okay. I mentioned this on my, my podcast with Bobby Marks earlier in the week and he was iffy on it. So I'm curious about your thoughts Cam Johnson to the Cavs for Isaac Coro, rookie Jalen Tyson ni Yang's contract and their unprotected 2031 first.

(1h 3m 46s):
Mm. And Bobby was iffy on it because the Cavs, you could argue And I think his reason is pretty sound here, you could argue the calve should try to get under the luxury tax this year to not get that clock started. So you become a team on un over the tax multiple years in a row once Mobley has to be resigned and all these guys deals come up. And so Bobby was like, maybe you go the other way and try to trade a guy to get under the tax. I think that makes sense. At the same time, cam Johnson is very clearly an upgrade over Isaac Coro. He adds dynamic shooting ability to your team when you're on a 70 win pace, this could be your chance to go for it. This could be the only year. Who knows what's gonna happen in the future. So I like the idea of at least going forward this year and trying to roll the dice with somebody like Cam Johnson adding more upside to your team.

(1h 4m 35s):
I don't like it. And I'll tell you why. I think if that team loses in the playoffs, it's gonna be because of their inability to guard wings. Right. Cam Johnson's not helping me with that. So if I'm using my last trade chip And I agree the shooting's great that w that always helps. But I don't think he's playing crunch time for them because now I have Garland out there and Cam Johnson how like if I'm playing Tatum and Brown, who's guarding Tatum and Brown if I'm playing those guys together. So I, I feel like if they, if they're gonna do a trade like that and go into the major attacks, I need somebody who can potentially guard Jason Tatum in the last five minutes of a game six in Boston.

(1h 5m 20s):
And I don't think it's Cam Johnson, that would be my counter. I don't know, I don't know who it is though that you could go get, I mean like Isaac Coro is a better defender but he also is somebody that you're gonna be helping off of on defense. It's always a, you know Right. Push pull with these guys. So for the Cavs you have limited assets. Well why do they have to do anything? They're playing really well. Like I guess that's my other question with them is like, they seem like they all love playing with each other and they're having a great season. Like I sometimes continuity is the move, right? Yep. Sometimes it is and sometimes you regret not trying to add another piece. It can go both ways. I think it depends, like Cam Johnson's a good guy. I think he could fit into any locker room flawlessly.

(1h 6m 1s):
I don't think it'd be an issue adding, he's having a great to the team. Yeah, he's been great. So I I I just think if, if you're talking about like who defends Tatum who defends Brown, like it's hard to defend those guys, all these great players at that level anyway. Unless you have a truly elite elite maybe It's easy to friend Jaylen Brown lately. Right now It is. Yeah. What Lost? Hey, he's good. Try that fall away again from the fo line. That'd be great. Try that one one More time. Middle drive to the middle of the floor with your left hand again. Yeah. But, but I think for the Cavs, if you're talking about that matchup issue, I mean you do have Dean Wade who's been really good defensively for you, but even then Dean Wade alone isn't stopping those guys. It's having Evan Mobley. Yeah. Shade over and help. It's having Jared Allen presence at at the basket.

(1h 6m 42s):
It's Donovan Mitchell helping at the nail and shading help over like it's a, it's more than one guy. So I don't think Cam Johnson's some liability by any means. He's just an average defender, but he is definitely somebody that they would pick on compared to the others. Yeah. And by the way, if you're picking on anybody, like if it's an end game lineup, it's Garland. It's Garland still no matter What. And now I have two guys I can pick on. I'm using Cam Johnson's guy to set the screen for Garland And I It's like a, A feast now. Could be. It's An interesting one because on the other hand you could say well we're just gonna outscore everybody now we have Cam Johnson we're scoring 120 points a game and we'll, we'll figure out how to get some stops. I'd be really scared to do that much if I was Cleveland.

(1h 7m 22s):
'cause it seems like one of the few teams we have right now that actually really likes playing with each other. Yeah. How many teams wouldn't you watch these games? How many teams actually seem like they all like each other? It's less than five. Okay. C okc, one Okc a hundred percent. They're the number one version of That Cleveland. I mean obviously one and two. What? Both. One Seeds. They happen all Boston likes each other even though they're not playing that well. I would put them on that list. They, They're just bored. I think Boston's bored right now, No question. Do you have another one? 'cause I have one big one. Is there another one you wanna throw? Go go with your big one. I think you ready for the big one? Think I got my, I got my favorite ones out. Yeah, It's an Anthony Davis trade and the thinking is we've gone as far as we can go.

(1h 8m 5s):
We've done everything we could for you. LeBron. You've been here since 2018. We won a title together. We went and got your guy Anthony Davis, we drafted your son and gave him a no cut contract. Every time you've pushed us to do something, we've done it. Including the Russell Westbrook trade, which you've were hands off after that happened. We've taken this as far as we can go. And we're not gonna mortgage anymore of the future for this because for the first time ever the equippers have a better arena than us and probably a better team. And there's something cool happening with them and there's nothing cool happening with us and we're not gonna be held hostage by this anymore.

(1h 8m 46s):
The story in sports decades after decades is people trying to appease aging superstars. It never ends Well and we're not gonna do it. We're gonna zag the other way. We're gonna trade Anthony Davis to the Golden State Warriors. Oh man. And we're gonna get back your buddy Draymond Green Shruder's expiring Minga Jackson Davis Golden State's 25 and 27 first. And at 20 2029, pick, swap. That's LA's call. We're cashing in. What do you think? Are you sure this is the Lakers going the other way? Draymond's still a really good defender.

(1h 9m 27s):
I it's a pretty good trade. They're getting Draymond Schroder Minga. They get to World Dice with them. Jackson Davis. And if you're the Warriors, you still have enough left and you're gonna build around Davis and Curry going down the stretch and you could probably get creative with some other moves. It's kind of fun. I don't think the Warriors do it, but I'm intrigued. Too many picks. Yeah, too many picks and All right, so let's, let's just say this year's number one, which would be in the middle of the draft and a 27 unprotected first. So now I don't think the Lakers do it now Do you think Steph would break up, let's say the Warriors are in a position they're no to blowing it up, no to, you know, trading Steph and Draymond this summer, right?

(1h 10m 10s):
Let's just say that docket do that. Do you think Steph would be willing to break up with Draymond in the scenario? I think the only team that you could talk yourself into this being a realistic scenario is the Lakers. 'cause Draymond get to live in Los Angeles. Yep. And play with LeBron Draymond might want it to happen. Draymond might be like, this sounds great. I've always wanted to be on the Lakers. Let's, let's do it. I also think it's way harder to find an Anthony Davis trade that makes sense than people realize. 'cause I see I have people in my life, it's time to trade Davis. It's like where like you're not trading me Houston. They can't even trade Shang this year. Like it would have to be like this summer. Right. And at that point LeBron's 41 and you know people probably know you go around the league, you, you would've said in the past, oh that maybe they get Carl Anthony Towns and some Pix for, but Carl Anthony Towns is playing great, you know, and you go around the league.

(1h 11m 3s):
I think it's really hard to find the right trade for him that he'd be excited about to put him on a team that could actually win a title. Like could it be Oklahoma City? No, they're not mortgaging everything for, for Davis when they have Chas big contract Coming up and they gotta pay Jaylen Williams soon, they're gonna have to play Che Holmgren soon. Like, and they're not trading Che for him. So you go through all the teams And I think it's way harder to figure out. I even was like, oh, Orlando will be a good one. Go look at their contracts. What's the Orlando trade? They can barely even match all the contracts to get to where ad is. So I, golden State was the only one that made sense. Orlando's interesting though. If they were to give Isaac who's like 24 million. I'm doing a stew at this off the top of my head.

(1h 11m 43s):
Cole Anthony, who's like 12. And then I think Jet. So Isaac would ab be in the trade? Yeah, Maybe that gets you there. Orlando would be interesting too. I I, The problem is like the way the league is now with the, with the these different rules, it's really hard to make like a five for one, right? Yes. You need that one awesome $28 million contract that you can put in a trade like that and they just don't have it. So they could put, you know, they could put, you said, what'd you say, Cole, Anthony? Something like that. I'm, I'm pulling up a trade machine right now. Yeah, I'm looking at Spot Track. I, I Isaac at 25, Anthony at 12.9 and then Jet Howard. I think Caldwell Pop has to be in it.

(1h 12m 24s):
I I'm not not sure if he has Isaac. Isaac makes 25 this year. That is pretty high. Yeah. 25. Yeah. Would it would work. Yeah. 8 80, 80 is 42. $43.2 million. And then for Isaac, Anthony and Jet Howard, those guys are, Well wouldn't Carter have to be in that trade though? No. I mean it wouldn't have to be like fi finance wise. He wouldn't have to be like you. You could put him in there instead of Cole Anthony potentially, I think is Sir Rudy on This? No, no, no. You, you can't, you can't do Wendell Carter can. You could do Wendell Carter. No, you can't turn Wendell Carter Share. Is Rudy on this zoom or no? I can't Carter. I don't Carter. Carter has a trade restriction. Sir, pop on for a second. Let's talk this up. What's up Guys? You knew this was coming.

(1h 13m 5s):
What's up Siri? All right. 8 80, 80 for Isaac, Anthony and Howard. And then like a bunch of picks. No, let's put Carter in there. I think, I don't think The latest. Oh no you cannot. You cannot. You can't trade Carter. Carter cannot be traded. The season has Restriction. He extension. Yes. So he can't be traded. Yeah. What do you think sir? I think about it. I mean I've been one of the, I feel like, I feel like, I feel like you, when we were in Denver that we were talking about that I was like the king of the like Yeah, Lakers should trade ad like what's the point? Like get what you can get for them. Yeah. I never even thought of this as a possibility. I mean it's not really what they need, but just imagine that team like that could, that has like all time defensive capabilities. That would be absurd.

(1h 13m 45s):
I mean just go all in on your identity. I'd be a little bit worried about, you know, I don't know he just, the injury, the concerns and the age profile stuff. But it would be kind of fun. So You'd have to do 25, 27, 29 and 31. I think you'd have to do four unprotected first. Probably throw in the Denver first that you have that's rolls over. And then maybe a swap. Like how many, only how many picks is that KOC that I mean you just listed like All of them. Is it five, six? Do you wanna give all those picks for ad? I think, I think that's where I say no, I think that's where I say no because I, you know, is is the timeline right? Like when in two years, like they're not winning east this year mean maybe next year they could be a top three team.

(1h 14m 30s):
I mean, let's see about the health situation. But like it, it feels like they're going in completely opposite direction. Can I pause details off? Can I pause button you right now? Yeah, Go ahead. You'd have a starting front line of ad. No, Kalo and Franz. The timeline is like now when all those guys come back, I don't wanna play that team. You're, I don't wanna see that team in a playoff series. The timeline is this year. If you do that, I wouldn't do it for all those picks, But if it doesn't work out you're kind of screwed. Right? You would, if he Got hurt, I wouldn't do it for all those picks. Three picks. I'd be ch I'd be cheap there. If I'm the magic like eighties, 31 right now he's got four years left until he is 34, 35 years old and he is gonna be making almost $60 million the next three years.

(1h 15m 12s):
KOC. This is the part where I remind you that the Knicks traded five first run picks for Mikhail Bridges. Oh I know Davis. That's the bar. That's the best guy in the league. I know that's the bar. That's what it Has to be five picks. I think I'm saying no, I think I'm saying no. Wow. And just wait for something else to happen Because do have But here here's the one thing Sir Rudy, right? Like what is that next thing? Because No, you're right. If let's say there's a player that anytime a player that becomes available who's better than ad it's gonna be Utah or the Thunder or the Spurs, the or the Rockets, the Nets. These teams that have more picks and quantity and quality like the magic pulling Out, right?

(1h 15m 54s):
The rockets can j from this summer, the she goon and a bunch of stuff and go get 'em in July. Yes, exactly. So all these other teams have more quantity and quality that the magic can't wait for that top five guys. Somebody else, they're Trump but they're stepping, they're jumping the lion and grabbing them now. Yep. Yeah, But I'm, I think I'm okay long term with like, you know, let those guys go, go big fish hunting and we'll just make moves around the edges and kind of like, because you've got the two guys, you've got the guys that matter. You know like ugh, I I So I don't, I just disagree with you. It would be a better case if you were like, I'm not sure we should trade for Anthony Davis who was super injury prune during the year that Palo and Franz both suffered the exact same injury and VO got hurt and Suggs got hurt.

(1h 16m 39s):
We do not, we do not wanna bring our comments to Carbon Anthony Davis Make sure the obliques are iced up for every game. I know. Yeah. What's Anthony Davis's oblique situation? Is it okay? Oh my gosh, he's Just guy. I didn't B player hurt Guy. He like strains it. Yeah, I, Orlando's the only other one I went through. Everybody else, I just, every else, you know, there's like Sacramento, if you could do like a Saboni Davis like that, but I don't know where that gets either team. You know, I think it's Orlando. I like Golden State. I like the Golden State one. It just feels, it feels like that's a, that's a timeline match thing that, that just kind of works out in My head. I'll say this, that trade I laid out, if that actually happened would be one of the most fun trade moments of the 21st century.

(1h 17m 22s):
There's so much going on in that trade in all different directions that we, it just feels like we would talk about that for 10, 10 straight days. Thanks sir. Rudy. Thanks guys. Thanks sir. Rudy, KC, any last trades before we go? No, that's all I had listed, bill. That 81 has me thinking though, I mean, 'cause for the Lakers bill, you're right, like I, I don't think they're gonna necessarily go the other way that you're proposing, but it's something they should at least think about. Like this week I made the case writing like the Warriors should blow it up because they're not going anywhere, right? Steph's declining, Draymond's declining. At least they're showing signs of it. This year reminds me of the, the 20 12 13 Celtics when KG and Pierce was still really good but, but they clearly were beginning to fall a little bit and they make the deal that leads to Tatum and Brown and so the, I think the Warriors are in that spot where at least the front office and ownership should be thinking about it.

(1h 18m 15s):
And for the Lakers, obviously LeBron And I mean eight LeBron's not the same guy. He's just not, he is still a great player, but he is not the same level player. And ad who knows when the injuries will start perking back up again. So they should think about it. I just think that Lakers roster is still worth at least exploring, adding more. But if the magic call up and offer you four firsts and two swaps, you gotta take that meeting and really think hard about it. Because if you do that, then that opens up your ability to say, oh, guess what, we are open to LeBron trades. And then if you were to get something for LeBron too, suddenly you'd have the most picks in the NBA and then you team. I Know, but how many contenders, how many contenders teams that actually have a chance to win the title or a realistic option for a 40-year-old guy making 50 million year not many with no trade clause.

(1h 19m 2s):
I can't find a single team. Not many. Even if he said like, oh Cleveland, he wants to come back home. It's like, if I'm Cleveland, do I wanna, that's a pretty like aggressive No Reshaping of the roster. I wouldn't do that. I Want, I want do it without LeBron if I'm Cleveland. Yeah, well also like you have such a good thing now you're bringing somebody who, who, you know, the two generations of guys in the league like Revere, it's really hard for him to be like, all right, just set some picks and hit a couple corner threes for us. Like he's gonna have the ball. I don't know what the team is for him. So, And I don't, I don't, I don't think he wants to leave LA anyway, so it's not realistic. I don't either. Davis as a trade is more realistic to me, but I just don't, the Lakers organization IJI don't understand why they kowtowed these guys, Maybe the sons for LeBron, somebody like that short flight away from LA instead of Jimmy Butler that Now the Lakers are taking Beal.

(1h 19m 58s):
Like they don't want what do, sure, I don't wanna turn LeBron into Beal. No, thank you. Also, like if you're the Lakers and you trade LeBron, all of a sudden your games like if you're gonna actually rebuild or you're gonna like blow it up or whatever, like, like there is still people go to the games to see LeBron. He's one of the greatest players in the history of the league. Like that's still a draw and they're still in this mix where they seem relevant. People don't actually watch basketball that much, think they're still a contender and there's an illusion of competitiveness. That is to me not real. But you at least have that once you, once you start blowing this up now you're where you were in the mid 2000 tens. Why is that?

(1h 20m 38s):
Is that because of LeBron not being top two, top three anymore? Is that why, or is that more something about the supporting cast? Like what, why do you think that is? Well he is, I mean he's 40. He is not the, not close to being the same guy that he used to Be, but he's still one of the 10 to 15 best guys ad you said 11th best or something like that. So if you still have two top guys, but LeBron doesn't play defense anymore. I don't understand how anyone could put him in the top 12 to 15 at this point when Oh, so you don't have him up there? I don't, I don't, I I would have him in the top 25 but I, I think wow, I think it's really hard to, to beat good teams when you have multiple holes on defense. Like they have, I think that's a fair statement.

(1h 21m 20s):
Like when they have, they're playing Reeves and connect and LeBron all at the same time. It's like you, you can't play defense that way. So, And I I'm not what position is the perfect position for him ideally, right, it's the four, Yeah, 0.4. And then you have really playing with him, really you wanna have perimeter guys and you want shooting, but that would mean LeBron would've to guard bigger guys and rebound more and, and you know, step up on that and, and it just doesn't seem like he has enough in the tank to do that anymore. So they're in a weird conundrum with him 'cause he gets his stats. You can catch the right night. He looks great, but I, I don't see it night to night and we get to the playoffs, it's every other game, you know, so if like if I was the Lakers advisor would either of us say like, you guys have a chance to make the finals with this team, you're one move away.

(1h 22m 9s):
I don't think they're, They're two moves away or from at least having a chance. Everyone's two moves away. But, but well Exactly why it's difficult for them. There are two moves away from having a chance and even then they're still not the favorite. I'm still not taking them in a serious against OKC or Denver. I still think they're probably a second round out. Yeah, even, even if they do get Levine, even if they do get Kessler. But you'd have a better shot in that scenario. But I still wanna pick them for all the Reasons you're talking about. You need so much luck with you. You'd need an OKC injury, you need something weird happen with, you'd have to go down and there would have to be a dumb thing that happened with every team. I just think, And it, and it can happen that like the Warriors had a pretty good path in 2022 and like Kurt talked about recently and they, they win it all.

(1h 22m 54s):
Like it's, it's not impossible to happen. So that that's what they no weigh. But I, I do think, you know, if a team calls up for AD and makes a significant offer, they need to be thinking about that. They have to. Who do you have in the finals right now? Still KC in the west though. Denver really intrigues me. Yeah. Just the way they're playing lately, like we talked about earlier with Ross stepping up and everything And Murray looks way better than he did four weeks ago. He, he looks way better. He looks more like himself better and then in the east, I'm still gonna take the Celtics for now. Even though I think the the shooting the, the shooting I'm worried about most because like the, you know, some of the other stuff, I think they're just bored. This happens almost every December into January with them.

(1h 23m 35s):
Yeah, but the shooting, they're closer to the middle of the pack and three point percentage this season. I wonder if there's some tired legs there. Drew Holiday has regressed as a shooter. Derek White has as of late and Jerry Lynn Brown looks like there's just something off with him. I worry there, but I'll still lean towards Boston right now over Cleveland. That may change by the end of the season though. Yeah, it's tough when you win the title, you go one of two ways. You can either come out the next season like a bad outta of hell or you just assume you could turn it on anytime you want. And they've, they started out one way And I think they've settled into the other way where it's like, we're, we're fine, we're fine. I don't like that they don't have home court in the last two rounds. The way this is shaken out though, I don't think that's nothing, you know, it's all fine until it's game six at home with a game seven in the other place.

(1h 24m 23s):
You're down three, two for the series and you fall behind by like nine in the second quarter and the fans are like, oh my god, our, like our season might, we'll see, I, I'd like to see them have one streak KOC because I think that's what separates the, the the real teams from everybody else. Like these teams that could just rip off 11 straight, 12 straight. Last year they were a 25 game winning streak threat for every month of the season. And that this year they can't play five good games in a row. Who, who worries you most besides Cleveland in the east still Milwaukee. Milwaukee always 'cause he Orlando a little bit 'cause of the defense.

(1h 25m 4s):
I'm still like Orlando, I'm not just saying this to make C's Night Orlando. Orlando just kind of hanging out over there with this crazy defense. They're not Boston Though. They're not beating Boston. They're, they're offense. They're 30th and three point. They Haven haven't their guys. And I know, but they, even with those guys scare their offense isn't there yet. The defense scares me because this Celtics team can look really clumsy and really static and the toilet ball offense can go into full effect and with all those guys they have, they have just guys to throw at Tatum and Brown And I don't like the way the guards on the Celtics have played for two months. You know, I get we're taping this before I go to the Cooper game tonight and I'm gonna the lake game tomorrow night.

(1h 25m 48s):
I really wanna see it in person. Like are these guys, do they look different athletically? Is this just a funk? What's going on? So I guess we'll find out The, the Olympics may have been very bad for those guys. Very possible. Especially white. White in holiday having a a long off season, a long playoffs, they, something's off with those guys. That's where my concern is as well as with those guards and the overall team shooting ability And the Knicks obviously wouldn't look forward to seeing them in a series either 'cause they have good basketball players and Brunson's really good and Townes has been playing great. So you know, I do think when you play that team for two weeks, little easier to figure out. But you know the east is way better. You think last year it was like a walk in the park, which wasn't their fault but that's what it was this year.

(1h 26m 31s):
A little different Milwaukee. We'll see if they make one more move too. The team they have right now, I wouldn't be afraid of, but they're one move away from me being more afraid. Right. If, If they were to get Levine They'd be really scary. That would be scary because he kills the Celtics. That would be one of those that all the Celtic fans would be like, oh no, they got that guy Levine Giannis would be beautiful together. Like that would be incredible. Lopez has been great this year for them too. If they, if they can subtract Portis and and upgrade from Middleton. Yeah, I think, I think they're cooking. They get something there. All right. KOC, good to see you again. You can follow his podcast, subscribe, listen to it. And you can read him on Yahoo as well. Great to see you.

(1h 27m 12s):
Great to see you too, bill. Have a good night. All right, that's it for the podcast. Thanks to KOC thanks to Kyle and Sir Rudy and Geha. Don't forget you can watch this on the Bill Simmons YouTube channel And I will be back tomorrow night with yet yet another podcast. We're going heavy on the football tomorrow as you would probably expect to see it in 24 hours.

(1h 27m 58s):
Must be 21 plus in President Select states for Kansas and affiliation with Kansas Star Casino or 18 plus in president dc. Gambling problem, call 100 gambler. Visit rg help.com. Call 1 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org/chat in Connecticut. Or visit md gambling help.org in Maryland. Hope is here. Visit gambling helpline ma.org or call 8 3 2 7 50 50 for twenty four seven. Support Massachusetts. Or call 1 8 7 7 8 Hope ny. Or text HOPE NY in New York.