
Coming up more NBA. That's right. You're not gonna bully me away from talking to NB. I'm gonna do it on this podcast Next.


This episode is brought to you by vrbo, private Vacation Rentals. With vrbo, you always get the whole house so you and your fellow fans can cheer on your team in peace. What's worse than watching a game with somebody who's not rooting for the same team? You're rooting for nothing. But that's why if you book a vacation house with vrbo, you know all the people in your house, they'll be friends, they'll be family. Ideally, they'll be the ones who also root for my teams. Plan a winning vacation. Make it a vrbo.


This episode is brought to you by Rocket Money. You sign up for something, forget about after the trial period ends, then you're charged month after month after month. The subscriptions are there, but you're not using them. In fact, I just learned that 85% of people have at least one paid subscription going unused each month. Thanks to Rocket Money. You can see all your subscriptions in one place. Cancel the ones you're not using anymore. Now you're saving money. Rocket Money is a personal finance app that helps find and cancel your unwanted subscriptions. You have so many of these monitors your spending and helps lower your bills so you can grow your savings. See all of your subscriptions in one place, know exactly where your money is going. For ones you don't want anymore, Rocket Money can help you cancel them. Rocket Money. Over five million users, they've saved a total of 500 million in canceled subscriptions. Saving members up to $740 a year. And using all the apps premium features, cancel your unwanted subscriptions, reach your financial goals faster with Rocket Money. Go to Rocket Money dot com slash bill today. That's Rocket Money dot com slash bill.


We're also bought to by The Ringer Podcast Network. I put up a new rewatch. Its on Monday night we did before Sunrise, a nineties classic. You can watch it on The Ringer Movies YouTube channel as well. You can watch all the clips and videos from this podcast on the Bill Simmons YouTube channel.


We have our friends at FanDuel who every Friday 30 on 30 is happening. We have a 30 on 30 profit boost token on Fridays where you can boost any 30 plus points score or 30 on 30 special bet on this Friday's slate on FanDuel. You know what? You know why this is good for this week? Because we have the Allstar snubs. We have people playing who didn't make the Allstar team, who then try to take it out on whoever their next game is. Like Philadelphia playing Dev, Tyrese Maxey, ideal candidate, Toronto versus Chicago. Zach Levine, he didn't make it. He's probably mad about it. Just try to match the anger and the resentment of the snub with the game. And you're good. Be sure to claim the PBT and place your 30 on 30 bet for Friday. Just look for 30 on 30 in the FanDuel Sportsbook app.


You know what else you can look for? We did that Trade Viacom podcast with Racc on Tuesday where we hashed out the final list. I got his help. I finally settled on the top 85, and then we ran it on The Ringer dot com today. And I wrote an intro for it. The fingers actually kind of worked. It was like 1200, 1200 words, but that's like 20,000 words for me. I mean, I can barely type. But anyway, I wrote an intro, I had fun, and then we laid out the whole list. It's got stats, it's got the money, all that stuff. So very excited about that. You can go read me on The Ringer dot com. Yeah, you can read me.


Remember those days Coming up, Justin Termin and Eddie Johnson, who I call into their show all the time on Sirius and and they owed me one. So they are coming on and we're gonna talk basketball. And it's next. First. Our friends from pro. All right, we're taping this late Thursday afternoon. I go on their show all the time.


All the time. And they owed me. So they're coming on Eddie Johnson, Justin Turner. You can hear them on serious NBA every afternoon. And we're really here to talk about Eddie's finals pick, which was Minnesota versus Philadelphia before the season. I looked it up that finals pick is three games under 500. Eddie. Like if, if it can't get over 500, do you just retire at the end of the year? Like what? What's your plan? Well, my plan is I think Philadelphia is learning how to win without the best center. Oh, the best center in the NBAI think. I think they're learning to win without the best center in the NBA, one of the, one of the best small forwards in the NBA.


He's been injured. Paul George. Yeah. And if they're learning to win without them too, and those two come back and they're in the play in, I think we might see a repeat of Miami of a couple of years ago. Yeah. Justin, any comments on that one? Well, Bill, this is, this is what I deal with every single day And I say a lot of stupid things And I still look like I'm, I'm rather intelligent because of things like this from Eddie. I mean, how many things did he get wrong there? Paul? George? One of the best small forwards in the NBA. Yeah, like seven years ago. Joel Lendy the best center in the NBA. Yeah. Maybe if you took out what Carl Anthony Towns joker. If you took out Wema, if you took out Anthony Davis, maybe he's got a point and Miami of a couple of years ago.


Great point, Eddie. I, I think Cleveland and Boston and New Yorker shaking in their boots That that's amazing. When MB was basically the MVP two years ago and he got injured. And so you are basically judging MB based on an injury and saying that those guys are better than him. I'll give you yoic. I mean those are the two top players, but anybody else you're putting above mb, you're basically using the excuse that he's injured and saying he's not good anymore. So you can go kick rocks. Are you in the Matrix where Joel Embi plays basketball games because we're, we're living here on planet Earth when he's in street clothes every game? Well, I've seen Guy, well, I think they're doing the right thing with him right now.


Bill, I think just sit him out, make let him get a hundred percent healthy. I think he's been trying to come back and he hasn't been a hundred percent healthy. I don't think he started season a hundred percent healthy and he's paid a price. And I think what they're doing right now is the right thing. Sit him out and guess what? If he can't play the rest of the year, I wouldn't play him. And I've said that on our show. And then that's when you have to suffer the consequences of having to wait another year. But for me, I think he needs to get a hundred percent. Like some guys can get 90. He can't. He's gotta be a hundred. And I think that's what they're doing with him right now. Bill, when's the, the last time I would say this to you, when's the last time Bill, that a guy that was seven feet tall was having issues with his feet, was having issues with his knees, all of a sudden he ended up improving.


Right. And they're getting better as age in His thirties. Exactly. I can't, I can't think of one. And then some Eddie And I agree on is I think, I think Envy loves to play, right? And there's some stars that maybe don't love to play. We've had that debate with Jimmy Butler who's like, I don't take the regular season seriously till after the All-Star game. He's always missing games like Eddie. And I agree, he probably doesn't like playing the game that much. Envy, I think likes playing, but does en B like putting in the work that is required to play, to stay in shape in the off season? And I think that's on him. So you can't criticize him for being hurt all the time and having a bad body. But you can get on his case for not putting the work in, in the off season in order to condition himself appropriately. I agree with Justin, which won't be the last time in this podcast.


Sorry, Eddie. Too much weight. I double, I was double teamed a lot in high school and college, so it doesn't matter. And at times in the NBA, so I can handle it, I'm fine. I guarantee you I won't throw the ball away. Like some guy un Unlike Devon Booker, you're not gonna complain about being double teamed. And I start to lift the pot Here, you mean? No, all start Devon Booker and B, a lot of wear and tear, bad injury history of big men over seven feet who hit their thirties and have been in the automobile shop a lot, shall we say? So I, I think if I'm Philly, I'm just terrified. One of the things, I put up a trade value list today where I ranked the, the best trade assets in the league. And we did, I had 85 this year And I had MB number 54 on the list, and a couple people reached out to me in NBA circles and were like, you could have put him 254th.


Nobody is trading for him in that contract. I don't, I'm not positive. I feel like it's gotten to that point. But Justin, do you feel like, is he, is he even tradable at this point or is it just like, we have no idea what to expect with this dude anymore? Yeah, I was talking about this the other day with Ryan McDonough, the former GM of the sons, and he called it the worst contract in the sport. Wow. So, you know, he's thinking along the lines of you that nobody would deal for the guy. And I was like talking about it on the show with, with Sam Mitchell who was filling in for Eddie here today. And we brought up like Jared Allen. I mean, you're in position to win a championship right now in Cleveland. You think Cleveland's doing anything with Joel Levy? If it was like for Jared Allen, right? No, they're gonna stay with Jared Allen even though he's nowhere as talented as, as Joe Embi.


So yeah, I mean, I think they're in a spot where who wants to be paying this guy 60 plus million dollars in 2029 when he is already got bad knees four years prior to that? Yeah, I'm, I'm on that line, Eddie. But you, you probably would bet on the talent. Well, I would look at it more like this and I've said it, I said, if he's injured, sit out and don't play. But if you all are telling me that a team worked out, Joel MB passed his injury, and you all know that each team has his own ego, they always have. They think their trainers can get a guy, right? Yeah. So both of you all are telling me that if Joe MB went to a potential trade team and worked out for them and looked good in his workout, that they wouldn't trade for him.


Are you all crazy for 60 million plus dollars? I mean, The Lakers turned down, Bill Walton And I think gives teams out there because injuries right now, it's teams out there right now. If they worked him out and they saw that he was healthy, they trade for him in a heartbeat. So I, so now I went from, I agreed with everything you said, Justin. I also agree with Eddie. There's always a sucker out there who's gonna talk themselves into it. We see it over and over again. I, I never would've thought the Clippers were gonna give Kauai an extension after he just kept missing the playoffs. And they're like, here, take this. Like we see it over. I never thought Zion would be able to get any sort of a multi-year anything. And he did.


Yeah, Yeah. Now Bill, you're Wrong. Or the sons can make a trade under the second April and people didn't think that. Yeah. So things can happen. And You're right. They there, there is always a sucker and Phoenix probably would be the sucker the way that they're going out. And I mean, that's a fair comment. There You go. There's the sucker Phoenix. Phoenix is the sucker at the poker table that all the other poker players are trying to keep the table further. No, no. I'll stay two more hours. I'll go a step further. If the Boston Celtics worked him out and thought he was healthy, they trade for him in a heartbeat with Wait, do, do we not have a luxury tax anymore? I, I think the Celtic going the other way. Hey, maybe they'll give up Jalen. They not gonna give up Atu, but they trade for him.


I hope that if they worked him out and saw he was healthy, they trade for him in a heartbeat. Without a doubt. They would. Yes, they would. I think if I had to make my, they'd be crazy enough to trade for him list, I think Golden State would do it. Just 'cause I think Golden State right now, it's not Hail Mary time for Golden State, but they're like, it's third and 13, third and 15 And I think they just need to do anything. Phoenix is definitely, if Phoenix could turn be and Nmb they would do that. No, We wouldn't do, we wouldn't, we wouldn't do that. We wouldn't, Whatcha talking about We wouldn't do that Trade. Kidding. You wouldn't shake be for Embi. That one I actually agree with going After T for Bradley Beal. We wouldn't, we wouldn't do it.


Is did something happen with Bradley Beal professionally that I, that I'm missing? We Wouldn't do it. I'm just kidding man. I'm just kidding. All Right, thank you. Speaking of the Phoenix Suns, the all Star rosters came out today And I had surprisingly very few quibbles I would get to my one quibble, but I did notice that the great Devin Booker who we're on a lot of texts with Eddie, where we, we have to hear about the, the virtues of Devin Booker and how great he is. Did not make the Allstar team your defense Eddie. No, he didn't. I, And I think he should have, look, put it this way, I think Norman Powell should have made it from the Clippers. Even on my pregame, pregame show for the songs the other day.


I didn't pick Deon. And it wasn't that he wasn't worthy. It was a number of players that were out there that should have made it. Kyrie obviously Norman Powell, you had guards out there that were worthy of being picked. And I felt record as Justin knows, I always leaned toward record. Yeah. And I thought, I thought Kyrie should have been the one picked. I do. I think based on what he's done without Luca, I think that's all star level. Even though James Harden is playing in a selfish brand of basketball and he's changed his game a lot. He's shooting what, low forties from the field. Yeah. I just don't see how he made it over Norman Powell and over Devin Booker.


Like I thought one of those two with Kyrie to me, you know, and obviously I had Jalen Williams in that group because I thought people wouldn't pick him, should have made it. So, you know, look, I'm not, I'm not surprised that Devin didn't make it. He got off to a slow start this year and the record is right there in the middle of the pack of the West. And so you're vulnerable when you're in that situation. Yeah. And I actually Bill agree with Eddie on Norm Powell. I thought he should have made it. And you know, I listen, Eddie says a lot of crazy things that are absolutely ridiculous. Something I said at the beginning of the season that I owe an apology is to the Clippers. 'cause I killed them, as did a lot of other people. It's worked out Me Too perfectly. Me and Norm Powell, like at the beginning of the season, said, you know that it's addition by subtraction.


Well he is taken advantage of it. I think he should be an Allstar. And then on the Devin Booker front, like I, you know, Eddie I think broke it down fairly right there. He probably didn't deserve to be there, but it is kind of a major knock on his legacy because this is a guy I feel like is talented enough where he should be there every single year. There's really no excuse for, I agree with you, him not to make all Star teams and now it's two of the last three years where he hasn't made it. And you look at a guy like Eddie and myself and you fight about Jason Tatum, say what you want, not only does he make the All-Star team every single year, he also makes first team all NBA every year. Then you have Devin Booker who should be maybe in the same category as him or slightly behind and he's missing out on stuff like this.


I mean, that's a bad look I think for Devin Deon Booker's resume, You know? So I go both ways with, first of all, I don't like the word snub with the All-Star game when we have a lot of good players, right? If you go back 20 years, which I wrote about in the trade value intro today. Like we, we didn't have a crap load of talent in like 2007. So if you got snubbed from the All Star game, you can feel it now. We have so many good players. Like I, the most surprising one was Kyrie more surprising than Booker. I didn't like the thought of having two sons all stars when there were 500 team. But I think Kyrie what he's done without Luca and the fact that he's just day to day, night to night, showing up carrying them, I thought he should have made it. I, that was the biggest Snu to me.


I don't understand why we had all these centers. I have no idea why Shung goon if you're gonna have four centers, how does Shung Goon make it over Saboni? But then Eddie, the other side of it is I do like when they reward the guys on winning team and it's like, yeah, I get it. Houston should have an all star. Yeah. And I've always said that. I've always said that. Yeah. So Shingu makes it over a bonus. I get it. Yeah. But I don't understand the Kyrie part. And I would had Kyrie over hearted, let just Say this about Kyrie real quick. Eddie is like, don't forget who's voting for this stuff as well. How many times did Kyrie give coaches throughout the course of his career, a hard time bail on teams? Oh, interesting. You know, get coaches fired. So I wouldn't be shocked if, you know, some coaches look at that and they go, oh well Steve Nash gets fired because of the attitude issue he gives Brad Stevens a really difficult time, you know, Ty, just the different coaches that he's had run-ins with.


Yeah, I think that kind of factors into some of this stuff as well. Well, I think a lot, I think a lot of stuff goes into it. I do. I think teams competing with one another, all of that. I, I think it does when you just give the coaches the vote, you know, attitude can come into play. So I'm not shocked by any of that. For me, I think personally, you know, Devin is going to, I should focus him in the second half of the season. It's definitely a disappointment for him. I know he is not happy. Yeah. There's, and, and, and so being not happy, he would like to think that he's going to just ramp himself up even more. Yeah. There's long memories with the voting. I think that's a really good point about Kyrie.


I've actually, like Kyrie was one of my least favorite basketball players And I really appreciated the way he's turned his career around the last couple years. You gotta hand it to him. Yeah. I thought he acted like a, a pro last year. I thought he showed up and that's all we ever wanted from Him. You what? You know what really what it is is now we're seeing what his teammates have been saying, but we didn't believe it. But he also wasn't showing when you're not playing basketball, when you're, I know you're acting erratically and giving weird press conferences, But his teammates still loved him. Like you didn't hear his teammates get on him. Like, so, so I think what we are seeing now is what the full, the full beauty of Kyrie.


Right. Without the stuff that was going on. Yeah. Because his teammates in the locker room, man, you talk to, you listen or you watch. I mean, dude paying guys fines, like, I mean it's the stuff like that that he does that a lot of stars don't do. And I 80% agree, but even Kyrie last year was like, yeah, I acted like a jerk. There's some things I would take back. Like he admitted it. No, I agree. I totally agree. He did. I got on him. I mean I got on him totally during the Covid situation and all of that. But what I'm saying is the things that I've heard about him is he is a great teammate. Like, and, and so now we're able to see it and not worry about the other stuff.


Yeah, right. I wouldn't say it was all, yeah, I wouldn't say that was all on the media. I mean, Jalen Brown gets along with him now. He didn't do that when he was in Boston. I thought one of the worst things that I saw from a teammate, And I think the worst thing on his resume is a game seven of the Eastern Conference finals when he's hurt and he's not sitting there supporting his teammates when he was claiming that he was a leader that wasn't a good teammate. So yeah, people are speaking of him highly now. I don't think it's been that way all the time because Jalen Brown didn't get along with him in Boston. Marcus Smart had his run-ins with him in Boston, as did other two. No, everybody has run in, come on. But I, I just think that was more team oriented attitude from Kyrie and his teammates. And that's why Jalen and that's why Jalen Brown is friends with him again, because he understands that now it wasn't personal with the players, it was more directed at the team.


I believe What you just said about Kyrie and the teammates made me think of Westbrook and how Westbrook's teammates always loved him. Same way Lakers accepted. I don't know, you know, I, although I do think a lot of the Lakers had him, but obviously it didn't work out well at all. But the teammates always swore by Westbrook even when there was stuff about Yeah. You know, him stat padding, him trying to grab all the free throw rebounds, all that stuff. And all his teammates love them. Yeah. Yeah. And it's good to see those two guys. Did you play like with anybody like that where just like a beloved teammate guy had A, I mean, oh what you mean that, say it again now. Like a star that you played with who was like just everybody was all in and loved them. Charles, Charles was unbelievable.


You say what you want about Charles, And I know Scotty has something out there about Charles in regards to playing with him and all of that, but Scotty just can't, he can't, he can't admit and say that Charles wasn't a great dude, man. He's one of the best teammates I've ever had and to had him for a short period of time. But I've had some great teammates. I mean, yeah, Nate, Nate McMillan. Yeah, Gary Peyton was a great teammate. Like really, you know? Oh yeah, without a doubt. That was my guy, man. Like, you know, it's just, you know, he was brash, you know, he would say, but that, I love that about him. But no, he was a great teammate and, and so it was a lot of guys out there that were, but they did never got the, you know, the respect or the admiration because of things that maybe was outside the game with, but Charles man, it that dude man, I, I'm telling you, he one of the best teammates I've ever had.


So the worst teammate you've ever had is Justin. No, that's fine. I didn't have any bad teammates, worst teammates. But I'll, I'll tell you this. And he's not here anymore and so that's good. Thank God. So lemme crap on the guy. He's not Listening. No, I've crapped on it. When he was alive And I, I even crap pulled to his face because he was just a surly guy. But Quentin Dailey, like Quentin Dailey was an unbelievable basketball player. He scored 15 points in eight minutes. Yeah. But he was just always in a bad mood. Yeah. He's just moody and it just bothered me. And he And I, we butted heads all the time in Seattle, man when he was there. But he might've been the most surt teammate I've ever been around.


But you wanted him in the game 'cause he could score quickly and that was fascinating about him. On an unrelated note, by the way, bill, he just surpassed Larry Bird as my favorite player in NBA history. Queen Daddy, he butted heads with Larry. Yeah, yeah. For the East Snubs, if you wanna call 'em snubs, they took four guards, three forwards, really no center. And yeah, the one that jumped out to me was Maxi. But I also wouldn't have put him ahead of Garland Dame Hero or Cade. So I was, I was actually fine with the entire east team. The 12 guys they landed on, I thought were the 12 all stars. Do you have a A counter? Well what, what, what about your guy Jalen Brown? Now I know it's hard to find another front court guy, but I, I mean I I, here's why I think Jalen Brown's worthy is I actually do think like the year before, you gotta take that stuff into account, like reward winning from the, And I do that, you know, people don't agree with it.


I think it factors into the MVP race. How many times can you vote James Hardt in the MVP when he falls flat in the postseason every year, then he comes back. He dominates the regular season. But so I I see like rewarding Jalen Brown for what he did last year. I don't think Jalen Brown's played in our All-Star level this year. Do you? I 100% do not. And I gotta say I was a little surprised he made it. But I also understand why they made it because of the, the whatever the winning attitude was with how the selections happened this year. I think they wanted two salts. I think if you weren't watching Game to Game and just looking at the stats and you know, the fact that he's been durable, I think, I think people like us that have watched a lot of the games, like man, he hasn't played that well for a month.


Yeah. Eddie And I have done like the stats on this and it's something I don't have him in front of me, but if you go through like basketball reference and look at all the numbers amongst the eight rotation guys, meaning the five starters plus Horford plus Hauser. Yeah. Plus Peyton Pritchard. He's like dead last in a lot of the field goal percentages. Yeah. He's dead last in like the three point percentages. He's dead last in all the advanced analytics. It's been a tough year. He just hope that it flips once it gets to Post season. Yes. But but here's the thing. Does it carry forward? Yes it does. Dude was MVP of the conference finals MVP of the finals. That's why I'm agreeing with you. He, He's, yeah, he's, I'm, I'm not yet The Allstar team. Yeah. I mean that's all we've had some great players didn't have great years, but he won a title last year.


He's got those two accolades. It's gonna be hard to keep him off of Allstar team now. Well The bigger thing is there was no guy that, oh my God. Like I think if Jalen Johnson had been healthy the whole year and was healthy now, I think he would've had a Real chance run for money. Yeah, I, I would agree with you there. I I think he would've given him a run for his money. I'm happy Garland made it. I think Cleveland deserved three on that. Yeah. And, And I, I truly do. I think it was even between he and, and you know, and Donovan Mitchell in my estimation, I'm happy for Mobley because he could have been the odd man out. So I'm Happy he had, I felt like he Moby had to make it. Yeah. Like, but to me Mobley and Jaron Jackson were non-starters. They had to be in the team. Yeah. For the two way stuff they're doing on really good teams.


And I, And I feel good for hero 'cause that's been a mess down there. And I, yeah, you know, he's, he's on the trade market every year. Like talk about like Miami and the way they treat their stars and all these guys are pointed like Paul Pierce is pointing to like the way they treat Jimmy Butler, how about the way they treated Tyler hero every single year he is on the trade market and they're just like putting him out. We'll trade you for Dane, we'll trade you for Donovan Mitchell, we'll trade you for, for Kevin Durant. And I never viewed him as an all star and for him to make it, I think that's huge. So I feel good for him. It, it helps Miami too. It really helps Miami that Tyler hero made it because it kind of justifies that why they changed their offense and kinda went away from Jimmy as much as they used to. Especially at Crunch Hunt. Yeah. Which I think was a thing with Jimmy.


I like if you watch Miami, basically everything last three minutes was revolving around hero. And I don't, I don't know if Jimmy was a giant fan of it, but, And think about what that says about Bam. I don't even think anybody's looking at BAM and saying that he's a snobby just hasn't been good this year at all. I don't know what that's the big, I mean that goes to the, you guys have talked about this a bunch, but the post Olympics, what happened to some of these guys? Why did it take so much outta them? BA's the weirdest one 'cause his offense just went sideways. We gotta take a break And then I wanna talk about the Butler trades and the Fox trades and what we think is gonna happen


Sometimes in basketball. 30 points could be worth more than 30 points. Now you can get a 30% profit boost from The Ringer with FanDuel's 30 on 30 during Friday's NBA action. That's right. The Ringer teaming up with America's number one sports book to give you a 30% profit boost when you either pick a player to score more than 30 points or bet on our new exclusive 30 on 30 special markets like any game to have both teams to score 30 plus points in the first quarter. I talked to FanDuel about this, I thought we needed some sort of gimmick and it's been super fun. And for this week coming off the All-Star game, you gotta go with the Snubs. You gotta go with Tyrese Maxey, you gotta go with Zach Levine. Anybody who, who even has like a mild case, they might have made the All-Star game and didn't make it. They always get revenge the next game. So ride with those picks. Make your own look for 30 on 30 in the FanDuel sports back book app or head to FanDuel dot com slash bs for your chance to score a bigger payout this Friday. Don't miss your chance to find out how much 30 can be worth with Fanduels. 30 on 30 must be 21 plus P in select states are 18 plus and President DC opt-in required bonus issue as no drawable profit Boost tokens restrictions apply including any token expiration and max wager amount C terms at Sportsbook. Do fan.com get a problem? Call 100 gambler or visit rg-help.com.


This episode is brought to you by LinkedIn In basketball, a blockbuster trade can make or break your playoff run before the deadline. GMs across the league scour for the right data and insights, hope and their moves pay off February 6th Trade deadline this year by the way, just like in basketball, growing your small business in 2025 all comes down to how well you can build your team. That starts with better insights from LinkedIn with unique skills and interests to the connections you have in common. LinkedIn has the strongest hiring data and insights to help you identify the right professionals so you can make the best hiring decisions. LinkedIn pairs you with the high quality candidates you need to make your business grow and flourish. LinkedIn also lets you go beyond candidates who are actively applying in a given week. 171 million LinkedIn members aren't actively seeking jobs, but they are open to new opportunities Who isn't? That's a big pool of people you don't wanna miss out on. And who knows, one of them could be your next all Star player. So hire smarter in the new year. Find your next great hire and LinkedIn. Post your job for free at LinkedIn dot com slash simmons. Once again, LinkedIn dot com slash simmons to post your job for free terms and conditions apply.


This episode is brought to you by Pepcid Complete. We all know that one of the best parts of game day is the food on Sundays Nephew, Kyle comes over. Sometimes we'll get healthy, we'll get some salads. Sometimes we'll get a little ambitious, we'll get some sandwiches. It's always the best part of my food week. Well, until heartburn strikes then it's not as great. You get heartburn from time to time, Gotta watch out. You don't wanna be rolling around in bed all night. Thankfully Pepcid Complete starts to work instantly. It lasts all day. Just one great tasting chewable tablet provides dual action heartburn relief with an an acid that starts working instantly and an acid reducer that lasts all day. So you can stay focused on that second sandwich. That second. Second. Helping like a salad. A salad not Harper. Visit pepd.com to shop now all day based on eight hour symptom relief Studies during the day. Use product only as directed.


So we talked about Jimmy Butler before and it seems like Golden State. We're taping this. It's six o'clock Pacific time right now. Thursday seems like Golden State's gonna be the team if there's a move unless there's some surprise out of nowhere team. And I was looking at Impossible trades And I, I think Wiggins has to be in it 'cause there's gotta be some sort of fat salary and it's either Wiggins or Draymond. I just don't think they're gonna trade Draymond. The he just, I I just think that's Steph, that's Steph's guy that's just like he's, he's over here. You can't touch him. But it would have to be Wiggins. I think it has to be Schroder 'cause he is an expiring. And then there's a Minga piece to it where Minga, if Golden State doesn't wanna pay him and it could potentially be Wiggins, Minga and Schroder and maybe like whatever else, little small thing needs to come in.


So there's two separate questions here. Is that a lot to give up for a guy who's been unhappy for a year. And then also if you're Miami, you might actually be pretty good down the stretch if you turn a guy who's not really playing at all into Wiggins, who's looked really good the last couple weeks and, and most of the season Minga coming off the bench and then Schroder at point guard. It's a lot. I I just think it's a lot. I I think Jonathan Minga could be the next butler. Who knows? I I think he's just that good. I just think he's raw still. I think he, he sometimes gets out of character of what he's at this present moment. But, but Would you pay him? 'cause he's, you're gonna have to pay him next summer. I So what's he Worth?


Yes. I think he's that good man. I do. Wow. I I think from the, look, think about it from how he's had to evolve as a player, like with Steph and Clay, you know, not, you're not taking shots early in the shot clock. Right. You're not trying to dribble it up on the break and be creative. You couldn't do all of that. You can get a little bit of it done now because Clay's not there. But just based on what I've seen from him this year, I just don't think they wanna give him up. And, and, and, and if they do, I think it's gonna pay a price because Butler's what I mean, what, three years maybe four at the most left. And you got a young player in Minga, I think Miami, they could do that deal. They jump all over that one.


But what, What's the point of keeping camming up if you're not gonna play him or if you're gonna yank him around like Steve Kto. Like if he doesn't or if You're not gonna pay Him. Yeah. Or if you're not gonna pay him. And then like the the flip side with Wiggins though is I wouldn't wanna enter Wiggins if I gotta pay him $30 million this year. I gotta pay him 30 next year. I gotta pay him 30 after, after that. If he picks up the option. Like I'm not crazy about Andrew Wiggins. 'cause to me he just like, you know, it's the same reputation he had, you know, when he came into the league, he just floats in and outta games outside of the 2022 title run. I mean, Steph doesn't have a number two. And that's the other thing is I like, I don't agree with what's going on Bill in Phoenix, but at least like, I don't think it's gonna work. At least they picked a direction.


Like at least they know what they want to do. Golden state's like, all right, well we want be in with Domingo for the future, but we want to be, you know, we want to compete right now with staff. Like either go all in or just blow the thing up and and start the rebuild. I don't agree with like trying To, there's no blow up though. They don't, Curry is the only real trade asset they have. I, you know, I don't know what else what the other move is. They almost got marketed and, and they almost got Paul George and they're probably like thanking their lucky stars. Neither of those traits happened 'cause they would've given up everything. They're Being fooled right now, I believe that's what it is. I think they beat Oklahoma City and then all of a sudden they think, oh man, all we need to do is just add something. So they have a conundrum right now. Yeah. And and the only reason they're gonna keep winning games like that is because of the coaching of Steve Kerr, because of the, the greatness of Steph Curry.


That's why. So they'll they'll beat good teams and you'll start to think, oh okay, maybe, maybe we add somebody. I think it's a mistake. I do. I've said that I think it's a mistake. I know Curry will never give into being traded, but I just think it's a mistake. I think their run is over with this group. Yeah. And you know, but again, I just think that they're gonna win some games, man. They're gonna beat some teams and you're gonna say maybe they can do it again because they did it a couple of years ago. So if not like it, they don't reach back to something and say we've done it before. And I think that's part of their problem. Yeah. But the problem is, in 2022 when they did it, the league was completely different. I just don't think the league was nearly as good.


There was some injury luck with some teams that went sideways and they kind of snuck in. They rode Curry who I think was at a slightly different point in his career too, in 22 versus now. Sure. I think that 22 team would not be able to do that in 25 with how deep the league is. No. And how good it is. I agree. I I'm torn on it because Justin you remember in the, in the early nineties with the Seltz? Yeah. When we had the big three and the question was always, how long do we keep these guys? Well we can't treat, we gotta keep these guys together. They want titles for us. And the Seltz were able to rebuild on the fly a little bit with Reggie Lewis who was a godsend. Brian Shaw D Brown, they had Ed Pinckney and they had this cool young old thing and it was pretty good.


Like they weren't gonna win the title but they were in the mix. Like they, you know, they had two really good seasons and then Bird and Mikael just couldn't hold up. I don't even think the Warriors are close to that level, you know, so if I'm them, it's either a question of do we owe this to Curry because we're never trading 'em. So if you, you feel, if you feel that way, then you gotta do the Butler deal and give up whatever and try to hope that you catch lightning in a bottle with him. Or you gotta think about trading Curry And I just don't think they're gonna do it. Well I got a question for you. I got a question for you Bill. Yeah. So say if Golden State had two players in front of them to trade for Derek White or Devin Booker, who you think they want?


Oh well Devin Booker, he's a better basketball Player. But why you, why did I saw something where you had Derek White being a better trade chip? Nah, I had Devin Booker in the top 20. He was not. You saw the wrong thing. See this is what you get fooled by social media. Well I just wanted Twitter applies. Explain to me. Okay. Alright. I, Devin Booker in the top 20 Of course now B back to your other point before Eddie gave you some bad information. Whoa, Whoa, classic. Whoa, whoa, whoa. Hold up. Classic fake news for many. Hold Russell knows. Hold up, put the, put the camera back on. Justin. You, how dare you say that. The only reason I brought it up is because somebody told me that's what was said. That's Not what I said.


I told you de No I didn't, I didn't said it was behind Derek White. I might as well have just said Bill's a massive mo Said he was behind. Yeah, he said you was behind a muscle. Did I get that muscle Mos? I had him number 16. I did have him behind Jalen Williams and Cade Cunningham. Yeah, I did have behind Evan Mobley and Jaron Jackson. I think that's fair. Jalen Williams really do your, Well Jalen Williams' on a rookie contract, like would you rather pay Jalen Williams's 9 million a year? That's whole point of a trade Asset. It's about talent. So it's not about talent. No, it's about talent. It's about time of their career, it's about the salary, it's all those things. It's basically, you're telling me Phoenix wouldn't rather have Jalen Williams on a rookie contract than Devin Booker for 50 million a year?


We open up it's, there's no way. No, It's the same exact thing between you and Eddie. Sirius thinks you're more talented obviously, but you would cost them more money so they settle for Eddie because it's, he's making a lot less money. Makes you Well What, what makes you think that you would be the host and he would be the analyst? Well, because, because I'm a lot cheaper. We're both you. Hey. Hey Bill. You see the ego on this crazed animal? Like he putting you in the analyst seat? Well when You're, you can have an ego that's, It's the water Boys show. It's too water boys. Exactly. Wait, I'm gonna the state really quick.


Let's say Butler goes back there, let's say they, let's say they get a 50 cents, 40 cents of a dollar. Let's say it's just Wiggins, Looney and Schroder and some protected pick and that's a trade. Miami's like please take him, give him away. And Butler flips the switch like he's done a couple times this year to show everybody he still has it. Does that team intrigue you at all or is that just a Only because I don't the the Playoffs like I, no, I, it intrigues me a little bit but not necessarily just 'cause they're great just because who in the west is, is dominant. Like do you, how much faith do you have in Oklahoma City? As good as they are, we've never seen 'em win more than one playoff series. Shay Gils Alexander is still like a young guy who as great as he is, hasn't really given us anything tremendous in the postseason.


Is check gonna be healthy? You know, teams with size have beat 'em up. Dallas has their number. The Lakers I think, you know, aren't as talented. They match up well. So you know, anything is possible but I think it's just because of the weakness of the Western conference. I don't know what you guys think. No, I think the West is wide open. I do. You got your talent at the top. But I think anything can happen. So that's why I think the teams in the West are gonna be, try to be aggressive in the following week before the trade deadline to see if they can, you know, get that key player. And Bill, you touched on this with Goldsberry a couple of weeks ago. I don't like, you know this this topic of like the West being better than the east. That is not the case this year. The eastern conference is better because the teams at the top are better.


Boston, Cleveland, New York are three of the top four teams I think in the entire NBA. There's one in the Western conference OKC. So Cleveland, New York, Boston have to go through each other. OKC doesn't have to do that. East is tougher than the west. Yeah. I look at it like ceilings, like your regular season ceiling versus your playoff ceiling. So I see a team like Houston And I, I am really impressed by them. I like a yes young team. Kind of, kind of a weird collection of assets. They barely have even one all star. But when you watch 'em it makes sense together. Yeah. I don't know if there's another gear for them if they're playing the same team six, seven times in two weeks. I think they'd be, they'd get easy when you, but when you think about like Boston, Cleveland, especially the Knicks, there's another level I feel like they can go.


The question for me with OKC 'cause I think everybody's gonna defend them the same way. They're just gonna trap Shea, they're gonna send two guys at him. They're gonna put the, they're gonna make Jalen Williams and some of these other guys basically have the ball in big moments. A lot like how Yeah. People are defending the Celtics, the, the smart teams of the Celtics are trapping Ja or trapping Jason at the top. They're sending two guys at him. They really want like Jalen Brown to decide the games now. 'cause he is not playing that well. And I just don't know if Jalen Williams can win four straight playoffs in a row for you. And how is Shaa gonna figure out how do I be regular season shaa when I'm just seeing this constantly? Yeah, that's so I I think the West is open is my point. Well Oklahoma, I think Oklahoma City is vulnerable because they're small.


Even if they bring Chad and they have Hartenstein, I still say they're small because they're gonna play small ball. Yeah. Even with those guys, they're gonna rotate to small guys. And I just never see that really working in the finals, the Celtics people looked at them, they weren't small. No. We had link everywhere. Jalen Brown looks like a mini Hercules. People see these dudes up close, they'll see how big they are. And so it's a different animal. But you brought up Houston, I'm telling, I don't think Houston's getting outta the west to the finals, but I would bet money that Austin wouldn't wanna see them if they were on the other end of that. Because the one team I think matches up with them with physicality and a nastiness is Houston.


Like I'm Plus You saw you Doka the other day, knows all the weaknesses. I mean they're attack Jalen Brown and he knows what Brown can do. He knows how to defend Tatum and you know, so that, that's another thing in that matchup. I agree. There's agree with that. The Clippers game, I think unfortunately was a bad game for the Celtics long term because the, the Clippers coaching of that game was so smart. They basically laid out the blueprint or reminded everybody the blueprint, what To do against was Unreal against the Celtics. Yeah. And Van Gundy was amazing that both of those guys, yeah. And now like Houston was basically doing a lot of the same stuff that the Clippers did in that game. And if you have big swings, you can protect the rim a little bit and you just keep blitzing Tatum and making everyone else beat you.


It's, I basically what it's gonna come down to is can Jalen Brown get back to where he was last year? Because last year we were arguing about one a, one B with Tatum and Brown. It's that argument's over like it's one, two and we need, can Jalen get back to one B? He will. I think that I I I honestly believe Bill, these guys aren't built to get deep and go repeat, repeat, repeat like it used to be. Right. It's just something that the guys in the eighties and the nineties had that these guys just don't have and it's not all all their fault. Yeah. They make a ton of money, man. Even guys in the eighties and nineties, they had to push because they needed more money. Like they weren't even paid highly.


Like, so they had a reason to go for it every year. They, they needed that playoff money. Like these guys don't need the playoff money. Like, and so they have to be pushed. And I think what's gonna happen with Boston is when it gets after April, I mean not April, March and it's, they can see the end of it. We're gonna see the Boston team that we saw last year. I, I don't, I think Jaylen's gonna ramp it up or Tatum's gonna ramp it up because now they can see the end. So I'm not down on Boston, haven't been all year. I've made excuses for them because, and, and think of that I'm making excuses for teams. You all love.


I'm, I'm not, we're not down on them either. I'm just Yeah, I'm, No, I agree. So With concerned As far as the fatigue, I don't even wanna hear that as an excuse. 'cause I was so anti, you know, all those guys going to the Olympics then they had to do Abu Dhabi. So that's not like shocking to me that they're struggling. But I hated the fact they went to the Olympics. Yeah. That's why I can't stand the Olympics. And then, And I know you love them, bill. I hate 'em because I think, you know, I don't care about, I'm A, I'm a patriot. Justin, I'm sorry, I'm sorry. I care about my country. Yeah. I care more about the Celtics or my NBA teams in Denver and Yoki doing well. But no, it drives me nuts. Like Philadelphia fans should be irate that MBS not playing well. That's true. So yeah. But the, the thing that calms me the most is like, what other team can give you what Pingus is doing right now?


So like, as bad as other things are, are going, like I was at that game last night, Pingus, you know, 34 points. I think he had 29 in the first half. He's, if he's playing anything close to the level he's played at the last couple of weeks and stays healthy to me, they're still easily, If that's how keyword healthy, keyword healthy, that's So that's For every Team. I mean, no, but I mean for him I'm saying yeah, if he's healthy, they are a major problem. So for him it's just staying healthy and how they use him. Well what if I, what if I said this to you, the 2025 champion will come from the east? I can, I can push back a little bit on that because what I can say is, as what you all used to say about the West, it was top heavy that a lot of talent.


And so about time they got to the finals, they were tired. You get fatigue. Yep. In With The Lakers with the east right now. And those three teams at the top and just say for instance, say, say for example Philly gets healthy, okay. And they win a first round series. Right. And all of a sudden it's a problem. Oh, We're back in the matrix. It's a problem. I'm just making a Point though. Yeah. Don't say just say, just say Philadelphia pushes Boston or Cleveland to like six games when typically it would be a sweep in in the first round. Yeah. Then you gotta go play. They have to win series. Just they pushed them. Yeah. Say for example, they end up like, you know, playing the Celtics in the first round, like Boston plays Philadelphia, they gotta go six games when typically that's four or five.


Then they gotta play New York that goes six or seven, then they gotta play Cleveland six or seven. Meanwhile Oklahoma City's cruising through the west. They're a little beat up. I mean we've seen, by The way, what you just laid out was the reason the Lakers won all those titles in the eighties. Exactly. Because they never had to play anybody. The east was just killing each other and the Lakers were like, ah, we gotta play the Spurs in the west of finals. Oh, they Had to play some team. Stop, stop. Oh no, please. They didn't have to go through the Pistons. Stop, you know, through the Sixers, through the, They were talented. They were, the Lakers were a talented team. They were a dominant team just like the bull. And So were the Celtics. But then they had a hard road to get there. Just like the Bulls were a dominant team in the East, but it was teams that were good in the East to people. It was things that were good in the East when the bulls were running through the East Eddie.


Okay. It was Eddie. The Lakers were good in the east when LeBron was running through the east. You all just don't wanna give that Really? That's, that's actually not You Don, Oh my god, That's In the Eastern conference. Yeah. Yes. That's your worst point you've made. Yes. It was things that were good because What happened that was a runway in the finals. Yes, it was. Yeah, because he was Dominant. It was more impressive that the Celtics in the eighties went to four consecutive finals than LeBron and the Eastern Conference going. He was dominant in the two Thousands. Dominant was in the, He was dominant. He dominant. And all those teams, Those eighties Lakers had two rivals, both of whom flamed out immediately. The 86 rockets who were the absolute all time kryptonite team for them.


And that team implodes with drugs. And then the Mavs, that same era, Roy Tarley stays healthy and they actually have to go through Yeah. Those two teams that they, that the, as you know, I hate the Lakers, the luck that they had in the eighties was unbelievable with the, with their Opponents. How do you live in LA unbelievable. How do you live in LA and you hate the Lakers? I've come to Grip while ago. That's amazing. I mean, you Know, there's a lot to hate. That's like living in a 10,000 square foot house square, but you hate the girl and she looked like a team. I mean, really. I mean, come on. I would lean toward the east for, to produce our champion, but I'm also not tied to it for a bunch of reasons.


One, all the stuff you laid out about how competitive it's gonna be, but two, there's still some west teams. I'm not crossing off Denver at all. I know they've had a goofy year. I'm just not crossing them mafa yet because of how good yoga is. Of course. I'm just not. No, I'm not. I mean I essentially, you know what, like I'm a, a little higher than I was on him a couple of weeks ago, but like, everybody's making a, a big deal about Jamal Murray all of a sudden waking up. I mean, he's been better than he was at the beginning The earth. He's been definitely a hundred percent better. We talked about him a month ago on your show. Yeah. And I was terrified that, but He Yeah, but he's also not like a high level number two. He's playing. Okay. No, But he's playing better. Mean He's playing better, but he still needs to be better. Okay, hold on. He's thinking a max Contract.


Alright. Justin term, you say he's not a high level, but when they won the title, was he high level? Absolutely. It's 27 A game. I thought he was better during that run. Re was during the, so He could become high level then hopefully. But we haven't seen it for a couple years. Well, But we're seeing it now And I think, again, like I said, I, not To a high level, he's been better. But he hasn't been great. But he's grown, been pretty good then it, he's got, he's got 30 plus games left. So my point is where he is right now and how he's trending. He's getting to himself. I hope so. And I and Bill, I've never gotten off the bandwagon with Denver. He knows Justin knows this. I I'm not, I they have too much talent. You, you all a couple years ago said they had the best starting five in the basketball and they still got those same guys.


No they don't. Yeah, they Don't. Well they turned Brown actually probably better than Playing, playing. It doesn't matter. They took away from the bench when they like, people go like, oh they got rid of, Now you're going to the bench. Christian Brown, Christian Brown's better. Well Christian Brown has to go in the starting lineup, which takes somebody off their bench. Justin, I hear what you say about the bench. I'm not arguing that. But Christian Brown is a better player than contagious. Caldwell Poker and he's showing it right now. That's, that's fine. But he was on the, the bench. They're starting so now the bench Is, they starting five is just the same five and better right now. The bench has to get better.


I agree. But the starting five that won a title to the same guys. I'm not, Not the league. The league is better and Not the, I mean I just think it's, it's so admirable for the, the very small market Denver nuggets to patch together this team when they have so many fin Oh no, that's actually Denver's a big city. My bad. Yeah. And and they're owned by like a very, They're owned by the guys married to the Walmart family. Exactly. Somehow they can't get like a ninth or 10th band And they're trading three second round picks just to get rid of the contract. They signed Reggie Jackson to so now they have no assets to get better. Right. So even if Yoic was whining like Anthony Davis or LeBron, they couldn't do anything about it. 'cause they have nothing to trade. All he needs until congratulations, All Yoic needs is to get to the finals and does not have to play against Carl Anthony Towns who owns his lunch.


Oh, stop It. Yeah, no that's rights His, that's ridiculous. He can't even score on on Ka Ka locked him down twice. Stop Down trouble Yesterday. Trouble took him out a line. He had pedestrian numbers. Call Anthony Towns is locking Him. Upo watch the game last night. Lock I him up. Can I ask you guys about one West team? Is it, I'm gonna whisper this one Clippers. Is there something there? It's a playoff team. If Kawhi, yeah, if Kauai can actually start to look like They have I saw him the other day. Yeah, I saw, I saw him the other day. Okay. He did a few things in that game that made me say, hmm, if he's back to back, I mean he pushed the ball up the court And I mean he looked fast just laterally like that's what I'm looking at.


And they're afraid to play him And I get it. They took him A 28 minute, 28 minute limit and it's like 20 Minutes out. And I was glad they did. I was glad they did because you know, who knows, we might not have beat him the other night but No, he looked good man. That's all I'm gonna say. He looked but he's done this before. So Because Justin, they have zoo bots who's turned into Yep. Not an All Star center, but he was maybe in the borderline SL stuff list. Give hard in Powell. Yep. Kawai all these role players And I think they have a top three coaching staff. Exactly. You you mentioned just about everything they can defend with the best teams in the NBA. Ty lude me Really smart. You wanna say like Eric Ulster is the best head coach.


All right, well Ty L's right on his heels. I think he's the second or third best head coach in the sports. So you're right there. I mean a lot of us in the media are gonna look like absolute morons if they make a deep run because we crushed them. But yeah, I wouldn't be shocked if they made a run either. See Justin cares about that more than I, we're not gonna bat a thousand. We're gonna get some stuff wrong. There was no sign none that the Clippers were gonna be a possible playoff team slash Oh We were worried about Kawhi, you were worried about Kawai. It was Kat. But also they lost Paul George who exactly was important for them and they replaced him with a bunch of dudes and it's like, and then when you watch him, the team makes sense. Derrick Jones is a really good ad for them. Yeah, he really is. You know, and then you think like prove his shot.


Kawhi comes in, all he is doing is taking platoons minutes and some Terrence Mann minutes. It's like this is legit. Even if he plays 25 minutes a game harden And I still feel like the right teams can take him out 'cause he doesn't have the same burst that he did. Yeah. Like if he's going against like a Houston or a Memphis like teams with young big wings that they can throw at him. I think it's hard for him to get his shots. But I, I'll tell you another thing that Savannah, I've talked about it before, but they have Eddie, have you done a game at Intuit yet? Oh yeah. Two Games. They have three games. They have a borderline home court advantage now. Which is nuts. They nuts. They really do. They never had anything before. They got off To a slow start. And I think it's just them getting familiar with their own court. But since then they've been pretty good.


I think they've only lost what, they lost four games early and they've only lost four games since. No, that is a tremendous advantage. That wall is ridiculous man. Like You did, you did see LeBron Air, you did see LeBron Airball of Free Throw I think with, you know, the wall there, so, right. Yeah, no I, I think that team's really interesting to me. I the Spurs if they got Fox, which we should talk about. Just what I just, I wanna watch this next two Weby months 'cause they're 20 and 24 right now and somehow they're only five games outta the five up though. Well that's the thing. It's probably a lot of picks actually. Let's talk about that. We'll take one more break.


This episode is brought to you by Whole Foods Market. If you're thinking about wellness right now, I've got some top picks for your 2025 plan. Keep your eye out for the yellow low price signs at Whole Foods Market. You can pick up responsibly farmed Atlantic salmon or no antibiotics ever favorites like boneless, skinless chicken breasts or ground beef for less than you think They even have their own in-house brand. 365 by Whole Foods Market with good stuff like almond milk, organic frozen fruit blends and a whole rainbow of organic produce. Shop Whole Foods Market in store online and on Amazon for free pickup and convenient delivery terms. Apply save on your wellness routine with great everyday prices at Whole Foods Market.


This episode is brought to you by hookah. I've gotta talk to you guys about the Bondi nine. The new daily trainer from a hookah. The Bondi nine delivers peak plushness for everyday miles overhauled from top to bottom. They've increased the stack height and added a new premium foam midsole to deliver that soft resilient ride that's become synonymous with the Bondi. And look, I walk a lot, I walk all around LA You need good shoes for that. These are perfect everybody Bondi. Visit hookah.com hk.com to learn more about the Bondi nine.


This episode of The Bill Simmons Podcast brought to you by Hills Pet Nutrition Hills food, shelter and love program provides science led nutrition for cats and dogs and shelters across America. They've helped more than 15 million pets find new homes. Every time you feed your pet hills, you help feed a shelter pet, which helps make them healthy, happy and more adoptable. Everybody wins, especially pets. To find a forever home, buy the bag that gives back. Visit Hills pet.com/podcast to learn more.


Darren Fox, I was taping a pod on Tuesday with ow and then all of a sudden this trade thing came out And I was like, boy that's weird. And it's like he has a specific team. Hmm. And then it turns out he wants to go to the Spurs. I haven't talked about this in my pod. I know you've probably talked about in your show Justin, I had great career move by DN Fox trying to go to the Spurs. Like this is like trying to join the hit TV show. That's gonna be the number one show on TV for the next 10 years. Like it's, I get why he wants to do it. It's per, they need somebody like him. The question for me is, what is the timetable for the Spurs? Do you even need to do this now? What's the point of it? You have no chance to win a title. Could you?


If he wants to play for you this bad, why not just wait till he is a free agent? Why am I giving up stuff for him now? He's trying to get out ahead of it. Right? Because everybody's gonna want to go there. So it's a smart decision by him if that's what he wants to do. Because Eddie, If Eddie could still play, Eddie would be like, I'm here, I'll sit, I'll stand in the corner every Exactly, every single player in the league should want that. All the broadcasters like, you know us, we should wanna go down there and cover him and just like yeah. You know, be their play by play guys. 'cause it's gonna be fun for like 15 years where you get to watch that every single night. So like, it's smart by Darren Fox. Now the, the question is, is it smart by San Antonio to go out there and get him? I mean is is that like what is he, 27? So by the time we bmas ready, you know, he's, And I think Wema I guess is ready right now.


But I guess the other pieces 'cause you need more than just Yeah, they're pretty Far Away. We, but like is he even the guy that you think fits in perfectly with him? I mean he shoots in the low thirties in regards to three point percentage. You know, he's not a particularly high level defender. He has an impacted winning in Sacramento. So I don't know if that's like my first choice. Dion Fox. You automatically become a better defender with that dude behind you. Oh of course. You be a good Defender with him behind. Right? I mean all you gotta do is stay in front. I dunno about that. Come on. And, and De Aaron Fox be so good at that. But here's where the fit is perfect. And I brought this up the other day when Fox with the bonus was really good.


But the problem is they're both left-handed. Now you're coming off that screen with, with with now Mbma. Now he's going off to his right and nearing Fox is to his left. It's a better pass. It's an easier fluid pass. It's all of that. And I think Fox is looking at that as well. Some, a lot of times he and Saboni kind of ran into each other a little bit Hmm. Because of that dynamic. But now like this dude coming off left and you gotta agree he's one of the best guys at at in the paint in regards to being a guard and now he's got that size to, to really initiate stuff too. I think that's one of the reasons why he's looking at it.


And I think he's the perfect blend for him, you know, and, And I think even Chris Paul at times has a tough time with that in regards to it. So you know, 'cause Chris is a more like a right-handed guy as well. So I think the nuances there man is just, is gonna be really good if he's able to get there. Plus Fox was, they were two seed two years ago. He was the best guy on that team. So it's not like he teams haven't succeeded with him. I guess what, the way I'm looking at it, the risk would be if we don't do this now, what if somebody trumps 'em? What if somebody else trades for him? What if we lose this opportunity? So then who are the other guys out there? 'cause they clearly need somebody like this.


They need somebody. Give him the car keys, let him run shit. And it's like you start looking around the league. Who else is it like Garland's not leaving Cleveland. Garland was the guy to get last summer and they, they probably should have tried to overpower them. Do you wait on Hope Maxie, hope Philly just goes so far sideways that maybe they would just want a complete rebuild. You go through all the rosters and he's kind of the best fit. Best fit for what they need. Yeah. And he probably will never leave because he's from Texas. Yeah. So he wants to be in Texas and then you want, you want players on your team that wanna be in a certain region. Especially if it's San Antonio. Yeah. Why would you leave once you get there? I mean, you're gonna be winning, you're gonna be playing on national television every day.


Well, okay, But Penny Hardaway left. Penny Hardaway and Shaq broke up. Sfar Marberry left Kevin Gardner. Well that that was the worst one. I'll never, I'll never get over that one Guy. That's right at the beginning of their career. Fox is now to play in Sacramento who's a bunch of games didn't get hooked up to win Bema. Not if he chooses to go there. But you were like rattling off names Bill. Like Luca's a free agent in what, two years. All you hear about is Miami. Why is it only Miami that can get these guys away? Oh, Heat culture. Heat cultures red hot right now. Like But you know, you hear that name linked to Miami. Why can't Luca be linked to playing with Wema? Because That makes, that makes Luca look like a loser. Honestly. Like he's just gonna, this is the same shit we Make Toronto.


I know, But LeBron that for eight years Vema. Yeah. You need to stop man. No, he went to, Wade was one of the three best players in the league when he went There. LeBron was the best player on the team until Wade figured it out and stopped trying to do everything the next year. And they won two back to back. I dare you even bring that analogy up. Wow. Wade was, Wade was probably the third best player in the league And the best player on the team. Maybe second least in the finals Second in the 2011 playoffs. He was the best part of the team. Exactly. He wasn't chopped liver. He'd already had a title Shaq and Shaq wasn't chopped liver either. Wade don't sniff a finals victory back then if it wasn't for Shaq and Alonzo morning. So you all stopped. I mean I I we agree with that.


That's fine. But he was still a top five flyer. So if you're San Antonio and you can trade for Fox keep Castle. 'cause Castle's just, I'm not even discussing him. Yeah, not discussing Weby. And you can potentially keep Cel and then you add Fox And I don't care what Take your pick, what picks do you want? Like I I would probably do it as long as it wasn't an insane amount of picks. I don't know what these teams are doing with all their picks. They can keep heim. They need to keep him man. They can keep him man Atlanta, they have Atlanta's pick right in the upcoming draft as well. So that's gonna get more value. 'cause Jalen Johnson's hurt. So Yeah, that was, that's even more valuable. I really like that Atlanta team too.


I thought they were like a six seed kind of range sleeper and then they just can't get healthy. I mean they beat The Celtics twice in Boston. They beat Cleveland. I they, they're good. I think multiple times They, because Trey's having a great year. He was a snub. Let, let's just put it where it's Trey, Trey was a snub. Trey Young was a snub because the way he's played, he's changed his game. He realized he's not Steph. Yeah. And he stopped playing like Steph and he started playing like a point guard and he's had a, he's had a very good year man. And so I think he's a snub in the east as well. So is the league more fun if there's a fox to San Antonio trade this year? I think it is. We basically sacrificed Sacramento as a playoff team and replaced them with San Antonio because I think They'd a run what they Chris Paul Sacramento.


Yeah. If Chris Paul was in the trade. Yeah. You think Sacramento could still patch it together? They'd have an older team, right? The They're dangerous. So why'd you try to trade 'em? Why'd you trade him from Phoenix? Well I wasn't the g Why'd you sign off on that deal? I wasn't the GM telling Us some good use of Was What you mean me? Why you blaming me? Remember that year when Eddie thought use of was good? We had A lot of timely Remind him over and over again that of Look guys, obviously you guys, I have to eat Crow because you all can get on me based on what's going on. But I'll say this, you know, do you honestly think that he was able to play the way that he can play?


Like he's a rebounder. That's what he's Yeah. He's one of the best bound he should be On. He should be on the lottery team. He's one of The destiny. I he's of the best Bounders in the, might be on the Sure. A That's what he's, I've never looked at him either any more than that. The the biggest problem for Ish, And I hope he improves it because it seems like he probably will get moved, is he's just gotta make, I don't know what it is. He is gotta find out wherever a a a Pete Newell protege is and he just gotta spend a whole summer with him. Eddie, he's in his thirties. It's, it's not happening. Give up the Ghost. But but that's a ground. That's a ground game. This is too much talk already. Does he talk To you Eddie, or does he only not talk to Budin Holzer? No he doesn't. He still talking to him. He's already packed.


He goes to the Sun's games and he has all his suitcases in case the trade happens. Well, Well obviously it's not good when you're not playing and, and you're not talking to the coach. I can't even run from that. It's, it's not, it's not good. But I'll say this, he's been very good on the bench over there. Hasn't been a negative. That's Great. Well let's give 20 million Years. They set the bench. Proud of applause. Hey, Hey. Other teams are watching. He still takes more free throws. Other Teams are watching. In all fairness, He's doing it the right way. He's doing it the Right way. In all fairness, even though he doesn't play, he still takes more free throws than Deandre Aton. I saw that stat. What is he at 1.1? No, He might go back to Eddie. The thing that ticked me off is Eddie And I talked about that on the show like two days ago and then Stat News came out with that stat news like the day after we talked about it.


The vultures. They stole it from us. Yeah. Yeah. He might be back in Portland. Guys, you never know. Eddie, can we go back to Webby for a second? What year did you enter the league? 85. 81. 81 won the Celtics chief smartly drafted ans ahead of him. Thank you. Red Har Work. Hey Bill, you know this, that was the worst, worst draft the Celtics ever had. Really Was wasn't great. They, they had a chance to draft me. I remember this story. They messed up. They Drafted ain. She made an all-star team. You never crossed. No, we messed up the other two picks though. Calls you, calls you all an another title too. Oh my god. Eddie Bird would've put Eddie in the hall of Fame. He'd be like Michael Cooper in the hall of Fame. Without a doubt.


My god. How did this Happen, bill? Bill? Without a doubt he would've on Cancer. Alright, so you've been in the league since 1981 in various capacities. Have you ever seen anything remotely approaching Weby in person? No. He's the biggest freak of nature I've ever seen. Now I used to say that about Mark Eaton. I used to say it about man bowl who obviously not the talent that is, but when you look at a dude like that, And I even said it one time about, you know, Joel Vy, Justin And I was in the summer league standing next to him And I didn't realize how massive he was. Right. But Webe no, I've never seen anything like that.


I'm serious, man, look when you can dunk, he, he's in the warmup line dunking flatfooted. Right? Like I I've never seen that. So when you're on the plane after a game, are all the sons players and coaches just talking about him for the next half hour? Is it one of those Problem with our plane? They sit way up in the front. We fly one of them big giant monstrosity in their place. Oh, so you're not even near them. Yeah. Never even see them. They don't invite you for the poker games. Never even seen them. Nope. Never see them. How sad. Isn't that amazing? You go, isn't that amazing? You can fly on a plane and you never see the players Jesus. Well in your thing, you're you're you're sitting in airports. Oh, sitting, you're connecting, Sitting, gambling with the players.


I'm please Yes. Yeah, with the coaches it was like everybody. Yeah, it's not like that anymore. People are Coming up to you in the gates. That was such a fascinating era. Yeah, yeah it was. Yeah, it was eating Like McDonald's with the two hour connection in Kansas City trying to go somewhere else. Yeah. Holy no. Getting on a flight five in the morning and some guy sitting next to you and he wants to have a conversation. You don't even know who he's Right. So are you a basketball player? So we should talk about the suns talk about you'd, because you weren't on Justin's show today, so he didn't get the, the privilege, pleasure, honor of, of your reaction to the ESPN story about some of the sun stuff.


I, my take, and I've said this before, is I actually think the sons, the team they built is a team that really made sense of the 2000 tens. But the league is just way better now than that star system which a bunch of teams have where they have the two really good guys. It just doesn't work the way it did. Like you, you really need seven to nine guys who can be good at all times built around the two. And I don't know how they, they're kind of down this road down And I don't know how they fixed it. I know they freed up some picks, but is this even fixable in your opinion? You're at every game? I, I think it is, and I've said this time and time again, just watching them all year, they're the biggest problem.


It's not the opponent, it's them. And I mean by it is, if you look statistically at the numbers when they went, if they don't turn it over And I mean like you're gonna turn the ball over, but I mean like 14, 15, you're giving up 18, 20 points off turnovers. The games, they don't do that. They win. Hmm. The games they rebound at least stay close on the offensive glass. They win because they normally outshoot the opponent. Like we have lost a numerous amount of games this year where we've lost, we've shot 49, 50% and lost. Why? Because the opponent got 18 more field goal attempts.


Right. And and that is the issue with them. It's like, it's so simple and we see it. We've seen it over the stretch when they've been winning. We see it over the stretch when they don't turn it over and they rebound, they win and they know it, but they just can't. It it just like last night, last night pretty much had the game under control. Oh I start, start turning it over. Like it, it's just, it's it's that part that drives you nuts. And, And I, you know, do I think it's, that's fixable to me. It really, that's fixable because say what you want about Bradley Bill and people say he doesn't fit and all that dude playing his butt off, off the bench man. Like he literally is trying to defend and he's literally scoring the ball at will.


Like, and he's, and he's obviously one of our most efficient players. So it's, it's that part that, that drives me nuts calling the game and you know, obviously I can't go all crazy but it's just like I'm watching it and I'm like, dude, just take one more dribble to the right and throw it into the post. Why you, you know, it's just simple things that they get in trouble with and it's just really, it's like it, it drives you nuts to watch it at times. What do You see Justin? Yeah, I mean I, I think Eddie hit it on the head with the rebounding. They, they might have the worst center rotation. We've talked about this on the attacks. They might have the worst center rotation in the entire NBA so they can't rebound.


That's an issue. So who's rebound now though? Justin? They have Nick Richards. Yeah, Now you got Nick Richards. It's Will Chamberlain in 1965. Exactly. I mean he almost gave you a 2020 game the other day. Yeah. So it's improved a little bit but yeah, rebounding is an issue. I mean they're one of the five worst defensive teams in the NBA And I too agree like that it's fixable again 'cause I don't have much confidence in the teams at the top of the Western conference outside of Oklahoma City. I'm the more on that picked him to go to the finals this year. Eddie picked him to win the title like three straight years. Then he didn't pick him this year. I picked him to go to the finals and lose. So I think it's fixable this year. But the issue I have is long term you don't win this year. Like say get Jimmy Butler and rectify it, it's not gonna get better next year.


It's not gonna get the better the year after that. And you're stuck with what you have. So I think like this year they could still make a pretty decent run but after that moving forward they might be the biggest mess in the NBA. And why did they make that trade for three different picks if they didn't have something lined up like they turned a 2031 pick. That's gonna be valuable I thought when they made that deal. Okay, well they know they're gonna turn it into Jimmy Butler or some other big piece. They've done that. They don't have anything lined up Mal Line that over. No, I know, but if they, if they don't make a move bill, It's pretty weird. It's that malpractice. I had the same reaction. You don't do that because they basically turn the $2 bill into, you know, a dollar and two quarters. You don't do that unless you know you're about to do something.


So then everybody's like, all right. Can't wait to see what it is a week passed Anything. Like if you just wanted Zach Levine you could trade like say Bradley Beal and attach the 2031 pick. Now he wouldn't go to Chicago apparently. But the point is like that would get it done perhaps 'cause that pixel, Well my guess is they're trying to use one of the picks to dump IC on another team. Right. So then maybe he's in a three team or a four team trade, whatever. Yeah. But either way, once you dump him you have more flexibility to do the next move. And I, I'm sure there has to be some master plan. But yeah, The sons have been me personally. Me personally I think, I think that we're a, a physical player away from really being competitive this year in the playoffs.


And, and that's at the forward position. Whoever that guy can be. I just don't think it has to be a guy that's high level guy. I just think it's a guy that rebounds the ball. If we get more field goal attempts than the opponent will win. Like I, I'll put anything on that with the scores that we have. If we can rebound and don't allow second chance points and get the same amount of field goal attempts, I think we'll win most games. And I think that's their, that's their weakness right now is the rebounding. And if they can shore that up And I, I'm pretty sure that's what they're trying to do, then I think it helps.


That's a Tough one for me 'cause that was one of my best bets heading into the year was Phoenix over 47, half. Eddie, you've watched a rant now for almost two years up close doing every game. Is there anything that stood out that you just had no idea until you were watching him night after night? He, He's just relentless man. Like when I tell you he's just relentless. The dude, like, you know, it's, it's, it's never an accident to be that good offensively. Right. It's, it's not an accident. I'll just give you all the story real quick. We had a large event and it was at the practice facility Yeah. About a month and a half ago. And everybody was dressed up and everything and they had like a little mingle thing going on with the fans and all that.


And they had the baskets down the whole entire night he was shooting. I I was blown away like the whole entire night he was over that shooting. You know, people come over and talk to him and all that. But he shot the entire night. And I'm saying to myself, dude, I mean why do you have to keep shooting? Like we know it, it's like it's ingrained in him. So it's like something he was doing from like age six. Yes. What's just part of his life every day, You know, and the impact, I dunno, I I'm not mentioned it to him yet because I, I've, you know, been able to talk to him since then, but it's like that blew me away.


Yeah. Like it's like that's why this dude is this good offensively. Like he just, he understands his craft and, and he knows what he has to do. But no, the shot making man, I, you know, watching it from afar and, and all of that. Yeah. But no, just to see it every day. It's, it's ridiculous man. I keep waiting for signs of slippage with him because he is been in the league for 18 years now Justin. Yeah. You know, there, there's moments when he looks a little stiffer than maybe when you go back and you watch like the early OKC stuff and he's just such a crazy freak. Seven foot and just so he is, it's a, a whiff stiffer but he has all the same shots and he is so smart at, it's almost like what was happening with LeBron near the end when you just kind of know where to go, where to be.


You can read everything and you know exactly what your best play is. I don't really see a lot of slippage. I don't know how much longer this goes. Yeah. I, And I, the thing I don't understand is like the talent from like an individual perspective, I haven't seen a drop off. I just don't understand why it doesn't result in in team success ever since he left Golden State. Right. He goes to Brooklyn, like you saw him play the Celtics in the first round. He did get outplayed by Tatum in all four of those games when they, that was The second year when the, the first year though they had the bad luck injuries. Oh he was, yeah of course was that's the big what if he was exactly With his foot on the line and all that type of stuff. And he was like, they probably go on to maybe win a championship 'cause they were facing Phoenix in the finals.


They would beat Phoenix and then he goes to, he goes to Phoenix and they've been unable to get out of the second round. They get swept last year. So it's like weird that it hasn't translated into team success even though they've, you know, he's played with talented players. I will add something just like an individual story 'cause Eddie And I crushed him when he went to Golden State. I know you were a little bit easier on him. Yeah. And I like go back and forth with him on Twitter and I've been, you know, critical of aspects of like his career and his decision making even though he's an amazing talent. We interviewed him last year and I've had a lot of stars who I'll be critical of. They won't even look at me. Like Durant comes up and he jokes around about it. We laugh about some of the stuff that I've criticized for him in the past. Yeah. Answers every question, jokes around, gives you a high five, says hello whenever you see him.


So I just love the way the guy handles himself. You know, this is something Eddie said about when we talk about LeBron once, when when you think like when somebody gets to the league, did they maximize whatever the potential of what they could have been? Right? I think LeBron's the best example of this. Whatever you thought the ceiling was and he had the most expectations of just about anybody and then he hit all the expectations. I think Durant's like that too. And yet he's always gonna have this thing about switching teams and that's gonna become part of the legacy. But what's what's interesting to me about legacy is, is just watching Vince Carter, right? He gets this jersey retired in in Toronto and in New Jersey.


He's in New Jersey for four and a half years. I just don't think anybody gives a shit after a while. Right. To even Toronto where you would think at any fan base would be the maddest at a player who left. And even they were like, yeah, we don't care. And I, I just think when Durant, when he retires and everybody's like, oh what's gonna happen? Who's gonna retire his number? I think he'll get his number retired at OKC and Golden State. They'll probably, Like I said, they'll be fine At the rate they do it. They'll probably do it in Brooklyn. I Mean Oh they Brooklyn might if they're gonna do Vince Carter, maybe kds next. Exactly. And the Vince Carter one really bothers me. Are they gonna like give Jimmy Butler a jersey retirement? Are they gonna, you know, put a shack about The Jimmy Butler? Maybe I'm not ruin anything else like Paul Vince Carter thing.


I couldn't believe Paul George is upset 'cause he never got a tribute video. I don't know if you saw that. He came out and ripped The base. I you trying to force a trade at Indiana for a year. Exactly. And, and like you treat the organization that way, you'll leave them high and dry and you wanna be like honored. I just don't understand like there's a reward for handling yourself the right way in the city and then you'll get the honor if you leave in a wrong way, then you shouldn't get It. I think people have a forgiving heart And I think we've had friends in our lives that we probably thought we'd never be friends with them again. And years go by and we kind of get a, a softer heart and we give in to the temptation of maybe, you know, let first again. So You're telling me I'll like you in 20 years. In 20 years I'll like you then I Well I mean you.


Well hey, you do it. You got a lot of people that's been divorced and they still get along. You know, it's just, I I just think fans, I think over a period of time I think they, they just remember the good times and they and they and they forget. It's Funny, it's crazy how that works out. The Toronto thing really blew my mind. It's like you can quit on a team and then you can get honored. Yeah. I I I don't understand that after. Yeah I get like there were some good times in it too but it's, I guess there's the statue of limitations for all this stuff. Yeah. But back to kd, like I just think all that stuff washes away. He won two titles. He's one of the best either 15 or 20 pours ever depending on, you know, what your list is. Yeah. And that's just gonna be the legacy. But a hundred percent.


'cause people only count stuff. Like you go back in, you know, the 1960s, all they do is count 1970s. They just look at basketball reference. They don't look at the context behind anything. So yeah, it's gonna matter maybe to me and you how he won his championship. Yeah. In 50 years. They're just gonna count it on basketball reference with absolutely no clue. But I'll just say this and, and I've told him this, I was upset that he went there only because I wanted OKC to beat Golden State. That's why I was upset. Yeah. And I knew him gonna Golden State he was gonna win championships, but Golden State was not beating LeBron if he did not go there. And, And I think that's what he can carry. And I think Golden State fans know that.


So I think yeah, they're gonna retire his jersey. They're gonna treat him like a king there because they knew they were in trouble. They knew that they weren't gonna beat that Cleveland team the next couple of years. And I had, I'm gonna respectfully disagree, I think they weren't Golden State won 73 games. Know Curry was hurt in that 2016 playoffs in Cleveland the next two years. Kyrie LeBron got Rocky Kyrie left. I don't know, stuff got weird in Cleveland. And they, The other thing is like, I always look at it, if you replaced Durant with that, like, I mean even go back to another Golden State, great. If you put Rick Barry on that Golden State team, they're definitely winning the title. If you replace Durant with Barry. And that's what bothers me.


Like even with the LeBron Rick Barry, like in his sixties or Rick Barry went played, Maybe Rick Berry even went in his Sixties Maybe even then. But definitely like during the prime career. I I'm saying the same thing. I agree it was an automatic win, but they weren't gonna have that automatic win because if he did not go there, maybe Yeah, maybe, maybe not. But it's just hard. Like if you took Jalen Brown for example and put him there, they're definitely winning as well. And he's not anywhere close to him. Time Hit the big shots too. It wasn't Like, here's the thing, he Hit the big shots to steal those two. There were no big shots. They were winning the series in four or five games. No, But he hit the big shots. I mean he hit the big shots in that series and, and so that's the difference. So, But this is the thing, like if you just go back to that Clay Thompson game, the sliding doors of it OKC just beats gold state then OKC plays Cleveland in the finals and it feels like the next nine years of the league is just different.


I don't know how it plays out. Yeah. Like what if OKC beats Cleveland and then it's like LeBron doesn't get the title in Cleveland. Does he stay in Cleveland till he gets the title? What happens, what happens to Golden State if Durant doesn't go there? Like there, you know, I it's probably the biggest what if of this century And then you, you'll, you view Durant completely different. Westbrook doesn't have to deal with any of the BS that he's dealt with his entire career. And So Well he gonna but but this look, if Denver wins, it's gonna be Westbrook leading Yoic. So don't worry about it. No, of, of course Westbrook. This is finally, we can all agree on Westbrook at the same time. Which I don't know if it's ever happened. I love Westbrook and Yoku together. I never gave up on Westbrook. I know you did it. I gotta hand it to you.


You never gave up. I said he should retire earlier this year. And I'm just, I just wanna say that I'm glad that Westbrook found a teammate that was smart enough to understand how to utilize him. He finally, that's the thing, found the, It's playing game. It's weirdly bad for LeBron Eddie. This is like in the Yoic versus LeBron argument. Bill. This is not, this is an L for LeBron Bill. It's easy to say that. But here's what I told Justin last week is like Yoic is the best, it was the best combination for Westbrook because with LeBron, LeBron handled the ball. Westbrook handled the ball. It wasn't a good mix. Yeah. Down in Houston. He could have told everybody that Before the trade Westbrook handled the ball. It was not a good mix. You know, even when he went to Washington and he played with Bill, bill was wanting to handle the ball in Washington.


Westbrook didn't take off until Bill got injured. And here was my response. Yeah. And so you're right. So that's, that is, it's the best combination. 'cause yo plays differently than everyone else. Yeah. And so you're right Eddie and LeBron should have been intelligent enough to understand that, that he needs the ball. Westbrook needs the ball. And that was LeBron's mistake because he wanted to play with him. Well no, no, no. The ball goes into the king's hands. That's how that's, that's the, that's the one real nitpick with LeBron is everybody else has to fit towards him. And that's and That'ss the way it should be. That's the way should But that's but some of the best parts LeBron of all time made A mistake fits the teammates. LeBron. Yeah, LeBron made a mistake bringing them there. I'll say that. But the ball goes into LeBron's hands. LeBron, I don't care who's on the floor with him other than magic or bird.


You can make that argument. Okay. Bringing the ball up. I'm saying not in the half court because then we can argue yo, but what I'm saying is ball goes into LeBron's hands. That's just the way, it's Also though the fact that Westbrook is seems like he's like 95% as explosive as he was 12 years ago. Like he's, it just it ridiculous man. An all time freak. It's ridiculous. Even LeBron like slowed down and got bigger and changed some of what he did. Westbrook seems like he's just like in like, I don't know. He's a freak of nature. I don't Understand it. Yeah. Even though I'm, I said he should retire. I'm happy that he is not because I do love his mental approach. It's awesome. And neither guy that cares every single night as much as he, well Well think about this though. What about pre he had three MVPs.


Okay. And all three of those guys were three of the best conditioned athletes. Now Hardin had his ups and downs. Yeah. But the one thing about Hardin, he played every night and he had to bring the ball up against little dudes. He beat him off the dribble. So his energy level was high as well. But those three guys, kd, Russ and Har on the same team, you can put them up there with the top energy guys in the history of the game. I mean they have been, they persevere. I, I flew to Oklahoma City at the end of 2010 'cause I just wanted to go to a game. I really liked watching OKC And I just kind of wanted to see them before they ascended to whatever was gonna happen with them.


And I went to a practice and at the end of the practice they were running the wind sprints and KD and Russ were beating everybody in the wind sprints and they're like busting each other's ass trying to beat some random day in December in the middle of the season. And they're flying back and forth trying to beat each other. And I really think like that, like all those early years where they're competing against each other and hardens trying to compete against them probably had some weird, you know, carry on effect to the fact that we're in the mid 2000 twenties and all those guys are still on important teams, you know, doing their thing because now they're on their mid late Thirties. It's amazing. It's amazing. Yeah. Before we go quick, quick game of, do you believe, do you believe in Cleveland as an actual title contender?


Justin? I, I, I do. Eddie likes we've had this debate 'cause Eddie likes the Knicks more than the calves. I like the calves more than the the Knicks. And you know, I love what Don we, here's what we do agree though on Cleveland is we both love that Donovan Mitchell's taken a step back and involved his teammates a little bit more. 'cause I thought that was a major issue in Utah. I thought it was a major issue the first couple of years in Cleveland. The fact that his numbers have dropped a little bit shouldn't be an indication of his play getting worse. It's the same exact thing Boston did last year. You look at everybody in that rotation took a step back for the team. Sacrifice. Sacrifice. That's what Donovan Mitchell's doing this year. I absolutely love it And I take them seriously as a title contender. And the other thing that I love is like people wanted to break up Mitchell and Garland and there was even some thought Bill that Garland wanted out remember last off season.


And I Don't think it wa I don't think it was a thought. I think, I don't know if he was a hundred percent happy. Of Course. Yeah. And then same thing with Evan Mobley and Jared Allen. Can they play together? They keep 'em together. And I I love continuity. I know you're big on this as well. Like the longer team stay together, the easier, like that's why Philadelphia like this year I didn't believe in 'em anyway 'cause it's three guys being thrown together that you knew weren't gonna play it to. Like continuity means something and now they're at the point where they know each other inside and out. So I take him as a legitimate threat. I have him number two behind Boston in the east. Yeah, no, they're a threat. They definitely are a threat. They're the biggest team, one of the biggest teams in the league. And I think Jared Allen, if he can stay healthy, I think he's the key.


I think he's the key. Their wings are a concern And I guess how they deal with size is a little bit concern at the guard position, which is why Boston matches up well against him with holiday and white. Well, white Brown. Yeah. And Kara Lavert I think off the bench for them, whether he's on off the bench starting, he's gonna have to be consistent. Right. And so I think they got enough. Yeah, I do. I I think they have enough to, to offset because they can bother Boston with their size. Yeah. And, and then I think they just maybe have, you know, the same amount of experience as New York. So it's like almost a crapshoot with the two of them. So I I think they do have a chance Right now in FanDuel. They're plus eight 50. They have the third best odds for the title.


The Celtics are plus two 10 OKCs plus two 30. Don't make it Terry er joke. No, no. I I I wasn't going to, I was going to, I I'll make a Terry er joke. Would you bet on Donovan Mitchell or Jalen Brunson, if you're Terry er, would you put money on Jalen Brunson or Donovan Mitchell in a series? 'cause don't forget Brunson's beat him twice, outplayed him twice. Once in, when Mitchell was in Utah. Once he was in Cleveland. So my fear, I think the Knicks are really good and they, you can see them getting better and you know, they're gonna get a buyout guy and they'll have an eight man rotation. You know, they're all gonna play too many minutes and somebody will probably get hurt. But I think the ceiling, I'm really impressed by them, especially offensively. I do wonder with the, with the amount of stuff they're putting on Brunson, how sustainable that is for nine months.


That would be my biggest fear if I'm a Knicks fan. He's not a big guy. We just haven't seen teams built around small guards be able to survive for nine months. The only guy that really did it was Isaiah. Well don't you, I mean they killed Becky Hammond for saying the same exact thing. So be careful Bill. I think, I think it's on Brunson though. I think Brunson has to be honest with himself because I think he plays beat up a lot. I don't think it's sustainable. He be, he plays beat up a lot. Yeah. And I don't think he, I don't think he, he needs to sit down at times and, And I think it's just that mentality of, you know, he shouldn't have to worry about it, but I think, oh, if I sit down something might happen. You know?


Right. So I take my minutes kind of thought that's not happening with him. Yeah. I just think he, you know, he's all wrapped up man, to be a young player, he just always got something on his body. Yeah. And I Love that and great crowds. But that's why I like Cleveland a little bit more. I like the way they've handled the regular season. They're winning. But you look at their minutes and everybody's like 30 minutes and below, like they're really, they're really kind of pushing toward wherever and The self play their guys a lot. The Knicks play their guys a lot. Two guys are heard about that too. Yeah. 36 minutes and up for the top two. Do you believe in Zion at this point? Eddie? No. Al Yeah. I, I believe in his talent, but I don't believe that he is capable of keeping himself in shape.


And, And I think that's part of the issue. Like I, I've seen a lot of basketball players in my life playing the NBA And I always wondered was that guy better off being a football player or a basketball player? And I still continue to say it, when I first saw Zion in high school And I saw him on a basketball court, I said, that's a football player that's very good at basketball. And, And I think his mentality is that of a football player of like alignment or something. You know, we didn't have to do a ton of stuff, you know, and for me, I, I just don't, I don't, basketball seems to not have been his ticket. Like we all played sports, right? I played baseball, I played Yeah.


Football a little bit And I was pretty good at baseball, but I reached a point where I said, okay, Eddie, you're six foot six. There's not too many six foot, six third baseman. Yeah. My arm is hurting from pitching. Yeah. I need to play basketball. Right. And I don't know if Zion ever reached that point of having to make the decision. I think automatically he played basketball and, and to me, man, I just don't think mentally he's in tune with what it takes to stay on the floor. Right. As a basketball player. But what's funny about you laying that out though, is that he came into the league as one of the best assets for the number one pick that we probably had this century.


We, you know, we, We interviewed David Griffin and Alvin Gentry the night they got that pick like we were there at the draft lottery. Those guys were as happy as could be. And it might end up like it already cost Alvin Gentry his job. Right. And it might cost David Griffin his job. So they were ecstatic about it at the time. But now they might lose their job as a result of him. Gentry already did. The one thing I've, I've learned a couple things I guess following sports and trying to come up with things to say and studying stuff. If the the guy doesn't want it, there's not a lot else you can do. And I think you could say that if you're a parent and you have a kid that's good at a certain sport, you can't force the kid to be awesome at the sport. At some point they're gonna have to give a shit and he says all the right things sometimes, but it just, just doesn't seem like he gets it.


And now he's headed toward his mid-twenties. Yeah. At some point it's not, it's either gonna happen or it's not up here and it just doesn't seem like it's there. Right. And I tell this story real quick And I, I've said it on a show. I, I once had this lady traveled all the way from Wyoming with her kid and that's when I had a training academy. Yeah. The kid, she shows up, kid is six foot six, I mean ripped. 14, 14 years old and she says he's gonna be a great basketball player, he's gonna grow, his dad was six 10 and he's gonna grow. So I worked the kid out. He takes 25 jumpers in close 10 feet around the rim. May one.


Okay. I moved him out a little bit, five air balls like, and so I sit him down on the side And I said, you know, what do you like to do? And he started talking about all the things he likes to do and he started talking about his instruments and he likes to play in the band and all of that. And not one time did he mention basketball? Hmm. I looked at the mother, I went over, I said, miss, I'm gonna give you your money back. And I, I charged her like a grand, I said, I'm gonna give you your money back. And I am telling you, if you don't wanna lose your kid, you need to let him be in the band. I am telling you he does not wanna play basketball.


She started crying. I mean, literally, I had to. So She knew deep down I had to grab this lady. She was like, distraught. And I told her, and then I went over there, took over to him And I said, son, what do you like to do, man? You know, and, and, and, and so to me that's the, like, it reminds me of Zion. Like he was made to play basketball. They want him to play basketball. And I just wonder at times, does he really like, want play at a high level? And then I've, I've said that about numerous guys. It's not just Zion. Oh yeah. Well that contrast that to your Durant story.


Yeah. Durant probably ever since he could hit the 10 foot rim with the ball, he is probably been shooting jumpers for three, four or five hours a day. Yeah. So, yeah. That, that's the thing. And I, I, I actually think Tatum has this, I think Tatum and Brown has it too. And maybe it's a good thing that they, you know, they're a little competitive in a good way with each other. But I think they, they come in every year. Like this year Jalen got too big, but at least there was intent behind it. Right. He is like, I need to, I need to survive the nine months. Tatum always adds stuff year after year. I know. I want Jalen to lose a little Justin. Yeah. That, That, that was my issue with like, honestly with Jamal Murray, it's like, did he get paid? Did he win the championship and then take his foot off the gas?


Like to the credit of, definitely did Jaylen Brown to the credit of Jaylen Brown and Jason Tatum. Like those guys have busted their rear ends like Jalen Brown. Like again, you said he got maybe too big, but the intention was good. Yeah. So Jalen Brown like wins a championship. He gets paid like the year before Jalen Brown got paid, he didn't say I get paid. And you know, I'm just fine now. Like Jalen Brown got the biggest contract in NBA history and then came back and had the best season of his career won. Find his mvp. Yeah. Like that's credit to guys that do that. 'cause I don't think everybody can, You can argue that's what maybe forced Jamal to not be in shape because he had not gotten paid yet. Oh. And so he yelled Back, this is a bigger issue with the league than I think people realize, guys that have an extension coming and they're afraid to get hurt.


So they stop working out all during the, the summer. There's a list of things like That. It messes up Bill. Yeah. Look, I think think it just happened to Trey Murphy. I, I don't, I think he started out the season shitty and now he looks like Trey Murphy again. Yeah. And I don't think Devin would ever admit it, but the way that he changed his game this summer was a positive for the Olympic team. Yeah. But I think that mentality kind of cut down that killer instinct that he had for a short period of time. Right. And thinking that, okay, I'm gonna try this on the sons too. I'm gonna like, I won't take a shot in the first five minutes and you know, I'll turn it on when I can. And I think it, it kind of got him in that situation and lately he's gotten back to Devin, you know, being ultra aggressive.


Like a lot of times they tell you like Larry Brown used to always say you f with the game, it's gonna f with you. So, and that's, I agree with Eddie's point. I think that's a really good point that he carried that mindset that he had all summer into the season and it affected his game. Can somebody tell me somebody that actually benefited from the Olympics this year? 'cause I think everybody was Going, well, here comes the anti patriot. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. I know. Yeah. Bull America, boo America, you play, you play for your country. I do think if I could do, if I was the czar of our Olympic basketball program, I would go 25 and under for the team. So Yeah. So would I, I wouldn't, I Just wouldn't. It'll move and we'll get our butt kicked every Year. I dunno if we would, You almost got your butt kicked this year with the, you know the legends part.


Exactly. And you can almost beat you by Yourself. Exactly. I want like people like Ahman Thompson in the, on our 2020 Olympic team. Like let's give them the experience, put them on that stage. What? And maybe have like one or two people over 25 as like the the Adults. I would love to see that bill. I would be Bill So much More exciting. I would love to see it Bill. I would love to see it. I like cheering for the young. Yeah, we Underdog again. That exactly what it's gonna be. Which I cheer for Serbia. Yeah. You why you even acknowledge that. Just get a dual passport. Move Outta here Boston Guys, thank you for all the time. This was great.


Now I, now I now I'll feel better when I pop on your show outta nowhere When I'm driving around I just Text Justin. Well wait, hold it. You never asked. It wasn't like we turned you down. Yeah, no I know. No, we're not what you did last weekend. He asked us last week you said No. No. But that there was reason you guys could do last week. I was, I know. No, this was fun. I had a great time. Listen to you guys every, what is it, four to seven? Four. Yeah, four to seven Eastern time. Monday through Friday. And this, I think this is the longest we ever talked to each other for free. Typically we just talk to each other. No, no way. I talk to him for free. Trust me, bill. So you're good. Good conduit Bill. Trust me on that. Save travel. It's great to see you guys.


Thanks for Coming up. Ah, farewell. Alright. Okay. Take care. Alright, that's it for the pod. Thanks to JT and Eddie. Thanks to Kyle and Saru and Geha. As always, don't forget you can watch the clips and videos from this podcast on the Bill Simmons YouTube channel. You can also watch before Sunrise on The Ringer Movies YouTube channel the latest re watchable as we did. I will see you on Sunday. We're not going live because there's no football game. But Cousin Sal And I are gonna have a little Super Bowl props extravaganza. So that's coming on Sunday. Maybe we'll do some basketball too. We will see.


Enjoy the weekend. Must be 21 plus in President Select states for Kansas and affiliation with Kansas Star Casino or 18 plus in President dc. Gambling problem, call 100 gambler. Visit rg help.com. Call 1 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org/chat in Connecticut.


Or visit md gambling help.org in Maryland. Hope is here. Visit gambling helpline ma.org or call 803 2 7 50 50 for twenty four seven. Support Massachusetts. Or call 1 8 7 7 8 Hope ny. Or Text Hope NY in New York.