
This episode is brought to by Uber Eats it's football season and Uber Eats is dropping undefeated deals on all your game day favorites this week. Score buy one get one free six piece boneless wings from Buffalo Wild Wings now on Uber Eats. And if you're craving even more, we've got you covered with game day deals on pizza, burgers, tacos, and more. All season long, Uber Eats official on-demand food delivery. Partner of the NFL. Order now for game day terms taxes and fees apply. See app for details.


This episode is brought to you by Michelob ULTRA. It's tip off time for NBA Cup. So I hope you're already in stocked up on Michelob ULTRA. And notice how I called it NBA cup, but not the NBA cup. Trying to get that going. We'll see how it goes. I really love how they're getting fans Closer to all the action. With Michelob ULTRA Courtside, it has exclusive content and prizes like Courtside seats the trip to the Paris Global game or to All-Star Weekend and much more. Learn how you can get closer to the action. Visit Michelob ULTRA dot com slash courtside. Michelob ULTRA superior access Courtside 24 25 sweepstakes. No purchase necessary. Open to US residence 21 plus begins on 10. 1 24 goes through 7 1 25. Visit mic bocher.com/courtside for free. Entry. Entry. Deadlines and official rules and void were prohibited.


Bill Simmons podcast brought to you by The Ringer Podcast Network where we Put up a new re watchable on Monday night. We did disclosure, an absolutely bizarre movie from the 1990s with Michael Douglass and Di Moore. Did that with Van and Big Wise, go check that out. You can watch that in the Ringer Movies YouTube channel as well.


We're also brought to you by FanDuel Sportsbook where I gotta say I've been costing them money lately and I'm not, I'm not ashamed to brag about it. We've been doing these 30 on thirties doing their, they're the NBA Cup rounds on Fridays and then we carried it over to last week on Friday. And basically it's a profit boost token. You could boost any 30 point score, 30 plus all they have to do is get to 30 anything higher on a 30 on 30 special bet on this Friday slate. So FanDuel, listen to me. I told them let's do this. Let's try to get some profit boost. Let's try to win the people some money. We started doing it. I've been tweeting out my picks on Friday. I look at the slate start to get, I do like my favorite picks plus some long shots. I've been hitting the long shots just telling you go check it out. I'll be tweeting those out on Fridays. Be sure to claim your PBT and place your 30 on 30 bet for Friday. Look for 30 on 30 in the FanDuel sportsbook app. You can also look for The Ringer Sunday pre-game show as well, which you do on on FanDuel tv, on FanDuel Fast channel and on YouTube TV. Most importantly on at 11 ET on Sunday. Sal has been absolutely out of his mind hot. I think he's 12 and 12 and two on best bets. And he's not shy about telling everybody that he talks to about how excited he's about that.


So there you go. So on this podcast I'm gonna do an NBA six pack at the top. 'cause I had some NBA thoughts even though we did a bunch of them on Tuesday with Goldsberg and Kobe. I have more NBA thoughts, so we're gonna do a six pack at the top. I talked to Seth Wickersham from ESPN, who's been on here a few times to talk about NFL shenanigans and Bill Belichick craft stuff. So Belichick went to North Carolina. We had to deep dive that and we did it for almost an hour. It was really fun. And then last but not least, million Dollar Picks are just hot. I don't know, I, I was trying to think of another word that would sound less braggy, but hot is the word. Million Dollar Picks are hot. Joe House is gonna be on at the end. We're gonna try to keep it going. We're at almost $2 million profit of fake money and we're gonna see if we can bump it over there.


But we've been on a good streak and I really like the slate this week. So that is the podcast. We're getting up early today before the Rams Diners game as well.


First our friends from Pearl Joe. All right, we're gonna kick things off with a special part of today's episode. It is brought to you by Michelob ULTRA, the official beer sponsor of the NBA My favorite league, the NBA cup. Not only is it underway, the semifinals are this weekend in Vegas, Michelob ULTRA courtside ready to give fans closer to the action. Sign up for Michelob ULTRA for a chance to win Courtside seats, a trip to the Paris Global game. That sounds fun. A trip to All Star Weekend and other prizes. Check out michelob belcher.com/courtside for your chance to get closer to the game than ever before.


I'm gonna open a six pack, six things I've noticed. Six things I wanna talk about. We hit a little of it with Jacobi and Goldsberry on Tuesday Night's podcast. Specifically we talked about Jimmy Butler and Golden State and how from a Golden State standpoint, you saw it last night too. I think they have a two to three year window here with Curry and Draymond to compete for a title. Whether they're gonna win a title remains to be seen, but they need one more offensive player. Somebody who could take the burden you saw you saw in the game last night, they're up six with two and a half minutes left and just some of the worst possessions you could possibly have. They become very easy to stop at the end of game. So Jimmy Butler is somebody that makes sense for them and kind of fits in him.


Draymond and some role players, you can kind of see it. It's not nothing. So he makes 48.8 million this year and he is a player option. The player option's key because everybody thinks that he's either gonna opt out at the end of the year and become a free agent or he'll wanna do an extension of Miami, which Miami clearer doesn't wanna do 'cause they've had a year and a half to do it. Okay, so we talked about some of the apron stuff on Tuesday and how hard it is to make trades in the NBA right now. And I was saying how on the one hand I kind of like it 'cause it's a little more like the NFL guys are kind of stuck in their situations. You can't just decide you're unhappy in a month and be, I wanna go somewhere else. You look at Brandon Ingram, you look at Zach Levine, these are guys that are actually were, well Ingram just got hurt, but guys that were playing pretty well in situations that they weren't happy with 'cause they didn't really have any other choice.


And that could be how it plays out with Jimmy Butler. On the other hand, we've, we've already seen that he can get a little frisky if he's not happy. I think Miami's feeling that pressure too. And if you're Miami, where are you going? You're, you're light years away from the Boston OKC Cleveland group. You're not even really a second tier contender. You're probably a second and a half tier contender and maybe you could use Butler's contract, you could put RO with it. You could try to create a new world for yourself where you're basically just paying hero and bam and Duncan Robinson's last year, next year and some other things. And you're under 110 million heading into free agency this summer with with a lot of options. You might just wanna blow it up and redo it.


The problem is this apron stuff and for Miami it's not that bad because they are not hard capped. They're over the first apron, they're under the second apron. Not hard capped, which means you can actually make four for twos, three for twos, four for threes, all those kind of trades. But some of the teams that they would be trading with, it's just not realistic with the apron. Like Shams reported, he had Dallas and Phoenix and some teams that I just don't think there's any way shape or form that there's a trade to be had with either side because of the apron stuff and because of the lack of assets And it. But that did lead to Jimmy's agent Bernie Lee getting really mad at Chomps, which I loved. He's probably, he's one of my, the only agents that actually like anyway Golden State.


So Golden State is hard capped at the first apron. I swear there's not gonna be a test after this and 1.7 million under the second apron, which is key because that means they can make three for ones, four for twos, stuff like that. As long as they don't pop over the second apron. I'm sorry this is so much math. Here's the trade. It would be Wiggins that Minga and Melton who's out for the year, right? So that's 46.6 million and Jimmy's making 48.8 million. Well that doesn't work for Golden State. They also only have 14 guys so if they do a four for one, they would have to then sign more guys to get to 14. 'cause that's the rule. Well that doesn't work either.


So I don't really know how it works with Golden State unless they dump one of their guys, Kyle Anderson, Gary Peyton, Moses Moody who they just signed to an extension they'd have to dump somebody to a third team. And I always get suspicious when that, when that, when that becomes in play. This is why Houston just seems like such the logical team to me and I know they're on a high right now. They just made the NBA Cup semi-finals with some help from Bill Kennedy. Great call. Always wanna call that loose ball foul of when guys dive on each other, which never gets caught ever. You definitely wanna decide a game that way. Great job by him. The problem for Houston right now is the end of the game stuff.


And you saw it yesterday there as I've said before, there're probably my favorite League Pass team but the end of the game stuff is where it gets a little dodgy with them. And a lot of that has to do with Fred Van Vet who just has not been that good this year. 16 points a game, all shooting stats are down and he is also a team option for next year at 42.9 million. So you could actually use Van Vet as part of a mega trade, right? So they have Stephen Adams at 12.6, they have Green and Tate eight and seven and a half that are expiring. So they have a lot of options too. They also have a ton of picks. They have a couple Brooklyn picks, they have a couple Phoenix picks. They own some of their own first. So they have a lot of flexibility of maneuverability and the trade that I created being the Picasso of the trade machine, if it's Van Fleet and it's Adams is expiring and Tate's expiring and Cam Whitmore who actually like, who's just buried because he is got the terror twins in front of him, Jalen Green and you get Butler and R back and you put a pick in that trade and Miami is saving 7 million just on that deal.


Plus they get a pick, they get to look at Whitmore, they get Van Wheat, they get to kind of stay peripherally competitive this year. They could still move Van Wheat in a one for one trade if they wanted to, if it was a salary close. That trade makes sense to me for both sides because it allows Miami to reboot. It allows Houston to end up with Butler, Brooks, Shang, goon Green, RO Jabari, the Terror Twins and Landell and I already had them third or fourth in the west anyway. And I like Van Wheat. Oh I forgot Shepherd too. I like Van Wheat but I think they could get by with Adam and you put Butler and Butler now becomes the end of the game guy. I think he'd have a chip on his shoulder.


That's a trade I'm rooting for. I just think that's a fun trade for everybody. Plus it would be you had another Miami situation where they're doing a reboot And it seems like it's bleak and they're done and then all of a sudden they're a 55 win team again 'cause they make two moves anyway. That is number one leading to number two. What the hell does Golden State do if they can't get Jimmy Butler? 'cause I don't, I I I think it's gonna be really hard to pull off. You're gonna have to trade a pick in a Jimmy Butler trade. You're gonna have to trade another pick to get rid of the contract. You need to make it happen or put PUD Zeki send him somewhere else to to create the thing like is it worth it to trade Wiggins and Minga and Mountain and a pick and then send send Pod Zeki somewhere else to get another asset to get Jimmy Butler.


I don't think it is my advice for them. The Brooklyn Nets are in a bizarre situation right now where they're playing really well and they're overachieving because Georgi Fernandez has been a revelation as a coach. It really reminds me of Will Hardy that first year in Utah. Brad Stevens his first year in Boston. We see this happen from time to time where the coach is just too good for the tank. So Brooklyn's gonna have to start sabotaging their own team and they have Cam Johnson who's having the best year of his career. He is 19 a game, 45% three eye test looks the best. He is been 28 years old. He's a little older than I think you'd think he is. But if I was gonna state out Audible and go after Cam Johnson and Schroder and try to figure out is there something we can do with Wiggins, do we wanna put Minga in that?


If we don't wanna pay Kaga next year, could you turn Minga into Cam Cam Johnson? Basically could it be Minga and Melton for Cam Johnson? Is there some version of, would you rather pay Cam Johnson 22 million than Minga for 30? Do you try to get Schroder in it? Could it be Wiggins Melton in an unprotected first for Johnson and Intruder does Minga type. It just feels like Brooklyn Golden State seems the matchup seems like the matchup for me. So keep an eye on that. I don't think Golden State's gonna be able to get a second star. I don't see a scenario where they get LeBron and Bronny back. LeBron and Bronny making 50 million combined. They'd have all the same problems that they would have trying to get Jimmy Butler that I just laid out on top of the fact that LeBron is at his 22nd season and doesn't play defense anymore.


So Brooklyn seems like the spot for them. I'm still bullish on this Golden State team, but Curry needs some help. Next thing, so the Wilt 50 club, which I just created one second ago where you have to play 50 games and you have to average 50 points rebounds in assist combined at least. And it is not as easy as you think. My friends just since, since the merger Kareem did it three times. Highest was 56 in 1971. Luca did it last year. 52.9 Rust did it in Zabe P season 52 7. Bob McAdoo 50.8 in 1975.


Giannis is doing it right now. 50.1 Harden did it in 2019 50.3 and Yoki 56.1 right now. Which would be the single highest number anyone has done since Wilt and Russell were playing. So the reason it's the Wilt 50 club. Wilt has the top six, wilt has 10 in the top 11. Wilt averaged a 78.4 points rebounds assist combined in 1962. That's insane. Oscar Robertson did it five times. Petit did it twice, Elgin did it twice. Walt Bellamy did it once. We don't count. Walt Belmy, Jordan's highest ever. 48.9 Shaq's highest ever.


47.1 bird, 45.8, LeBron 45.6, Kobe 45.2 just getting to fifties really hard. I like the 50 club. Let's create it Yoko right now. 32, 14 and 10 and he's shooting 56 50 and 81%, 33.2 pr. This season's just insane. But I don't know how high this goes 'cause it's too high right now. It's not gonna lie. He's not gonna be continuing to do the stuff that he's been doing. It's not realistic. But could he end up 31, 13 and nine? Could he end up 32, 13 and 10? I don't know. I'm prepared for anything 'cause nobody on the team could score.


So the 50 club, I think Yoic Kareem is the highest ever. 56.0. I think Yoic could potentially set the record I'm in on the 50 club. Alright, they wanted me to do a superior take and I have one of course I've been thinking a lot about the fouling at the end of the game stuff because there was the Celtics Cavaliers game, which has now become infamous. I think it was a week and a half ago. Celtics are down four with under 30 seconds left. There are 18 free throw attempts in the last 26 seconds. Both teams just we're fouling each other. Everybody's like, nobody's gonna shoot a three, well I'll foul you two And it just becomes a foul off. Final score was one 15 and one 11. There were 20 points scored in the last 26 seconds.


'cause of all the free throws and I think I speak for everyone, this sucks. The free throw parade down the stretch is abominable And it feels like it's getting worse. So how do we fix it? Well I have a regular season fix for this. If you foul somebody in the last minute of a game, no matter what the score is, whether you're leading or trailing, the first free throw counts for two points and that's it. And if you make it, you get basically the two points for the free throw as the game keeps going. If you miss it, you still get to shoot a second free throw. But that only counts for one point. So when we have these foul offs at the end, Peyton Pritchard gets fouled by Cleveland even though they're up four.


If Pritchard hits one now it's a two point game and that's how it goes. And I really think it would work. I don't know who would be against it. And let's speed these games up because the other option is the Elam ending, which nobody really understands. Two points for your first free throw in the last minute of a game. Let's try it in the regular season. Let's see if it works. And if it works, we do it for the playoffs. That's my superior take. All right, two more things really quick. Who could be next year's out of nowhere Young contender. So this would be a team playing right now that a year from now maybe it would look like The Rockets right now as one of the best four teams in the west.


The rockets were 41 and 41 last year. Maybe it looks like OKC. Last year when they won 57 games the year before they were 40 and 42. Maybe it looks like Memphis in 2022 when they won 56 games the year before they were 38 and 34. So a team that's around 500, maybe a little bit lower but has some pedigree. At least one young star with a chance to be like really great, need to be around 500, need to have some other fun pieces. And there's two candidates, one for each conference. The Pistons. This is a team Marillo has been very focused on. I always admire S's, love for, for weirdly compelling East coast teams.


Detroit's 10 for 15, played a pretty hard schedule. They lost to Boston twice, lost to Milwaukee, twice lost to Cleveland, lost to Houston, lost to Memphis, lost to Orlando, split with the Knicks. And they've been hanging around a lot of these games and Rosell has made this point in his pod. But these early afternoon, like four o'clock games, you're usually stuck with like whatever, the 7:00 PM Eastern. So I've actually watched some Detroit, I've watched some Charlotte and I, I like what Detroit has going, they not Monte Williams as a coach, which is the number one thing, but Cade's 24 points a game, seven rebounds, nine assist. He has hit every sort of ceiling he would've thought he was gonna hit at this point.


Shoot almost 40% from three. Like he's just really good. He's somebody that you could build a team around. Beasley and Harris were two pretty smart free agent signings. They're averaging 30 a game and shooting 40% from three. Jade and Ivy's been good. They have rebounding and I wonder like if I'm them, fuck it. Do I do a trade? Do I try to get, you know, Brandon Ingram's on a discount? Zach Levine's on a discount, CJ McCollum's on a discount. Do I think about Jimmy Butler? They're, they don't have to worry about any of this apron stuff. This could be another Cam Johnson team. This is actually kind of a perfect Cam Johnson team. I wonder if Detroit is gonna look at what happened with Orlando and OKC the last couple years and what's happening with Houston this year and think like, hmm, I wonder if we make one move here, could our ceiling increase?


Especially if Miami goes backwards. Indiana's already gone backwards. Could we be a top 16 potentially? So I'm watching them. The other team is obviously San Antonio who's 12 and 12, which is surprising because I haven't really enjoyed watching them. Sohan Castle and Johnson shooting 27% for three combined. Chris Paul better season than we expected. But he's old and who knows with them. But the foundation I like, they have Weby and Castle and, and Harrison, Barnes and Paul, they have some good vets. They have a couple heat check dudes and they have a lot of picks. They have a shit load of picks. And I wonder, is that a Cam Johnson team? Probably not a Jimmy Butler team, but could it be like a CJ McCollum team?


I'm watching them to see are they just gonna be happy to be a 500 team again, I don't know why they would be because they're gonna be too good to tank. They're not gonna be in the top five or top six. So maybe think about going for it. Which leads me to the sixth and last thing for the six pack Atlanta, A team that I really liked before the season, you probably remember from the over under pod house. And I went all in on their, over a team that I mentioned last week when House and I, after a million Dollar Picks were talked to futures. I doubled down when I was in Denver last week on FanDuel with the Atlanta over runner stuff. 'cause it was 30 and a half. Right now they're 14 and 12. They upset the Knicks last night And it wasn't even really an upset.


I thought they kind of dominated them in the second half. And I, I really do wonder if that was a playoff series. I'd be super scared if I was the Knicks 'cause they don't really have a way to, to control the tray. Young dribble slash dribble penetration, whatever we're calling it these days. Their wings kind of match up against the Knicks wings, the Atlanta wings, they have rebounding. I, it's just, I think that's a dangerous matchup for them. Their third and pace, which I like and I wonder if Atlanta has a real chance to become this year's Pacers the key for them. Two things. One is the three point shooting Daniel's is only at 31%. Rees SHA is 28% Tre 31%, which is bad.


Hunter has been overachieving, he's 45%. But can those swings start hitting more threes Then secondly, what are we getting from Trey? I think, I think this is it. I think we've hit the, let's figure this out. Once and for all moment with Trey, almost like a political candidate for an election. He's been dining off that conference finals thing for a few years now, which I think we all know happened because Embi was super banged up. There were a couple fluky games and Ben Simmons basically had a basketball mental breakdown and just completely lost it. For whatever reason, Trey, this year 21 and 12, 12 assist a game solid 38%, shooting 31% from three, which doesn't stop him from launching the 29 footers.


Free throws are down to six a game. They used to be at nine turnover's highest they've ever been 4.6. And with all of that said this is the perfect team for him. He's got swings everywhere. He's got a bunch of guys to protect him on defense, Daniels whatever, whoever the other team's point guard is. You saw it with the Knicks game with Brunson. Daniels can guard every team's point guard, small guard, whoever it is, Mitchell Garland, name a guy you can put, you can put Daniels on him. They're playing the bucks. He can guard Dame lowered. He can guard anybody in the league who's under six eight and Jalen Johnson. You know if you're ranking the swings, Jalen Johnson, Daniels OJ and an Obie and Bridges.


I think I would take Jalen Johnson over the other three guys And Daniels is gonna be a first team, ONBA defense guy. So perfect spot for Trey. He's got rebounding, he's got shop locking, he's got LOB guys, he's got tall, interchangeable shooters all over the place. And I don't, I was thinking like what would the trade be? Should maybe they go get Cam Johnson. It's like I'm not even sure they need to do trade. Especially now that Bogdanovich is back and they have some six man scoring stuff. It really comes down to Tray Young. How good is he because he is in the perfect race car for him right now and maybe over the course of these next 2025 games, he's gonna start figuring it out.


He's a guy that you saw in the next game in MSG. The bigger the stage, the more he seems to like it. Whether he is missing 29 footers or not, he is one of the, him and Lalo are the two irrational confidence superstars that we have right now. And if, if we are ever gonna find out that re young can be a real piece on a team that wins 50 games and actually competes in a real way, it should start happening right around now. So maybe we'll see it. Maybe we'll see it on Saturday against Milwaukee, the NBA cup. Anyway, that was today's six major things.


Remember Michelob ULTRA Courtside gets you closer to the game than ever before. Check out Michelob ULTRA dot com slash courtside to learn how you can get closer to the action. Enjoy responsibly 2024 Anheuser-Busch Michelob ULTRA Light Beer, St. Louis, Missouri Michelob ULTRA Superior Access Courtside 24 25 sweepstakes, no purchase necessary. Open a US residence 21 plus begins on ten one twenty four and ends on 7 1 25 multiple entry periods. Visit Michelob ULTRA dot com slash courtside for free entry. Entry. Deadlines and official rules message and data rates may apply void where prohibited.


We will be back with Swicker sham, taco Belichick right after this. Hey, sometimes in basketball 30 points could be worth more than 30 points.


Right now you can get a 30% profit boost from The Ringer with FanDuel's 30 on 30 during Friday's. NBA action. We did this during the NBA Cup games. It was successful. We did it last week, it was successful. I've been tweeting out my picks on Friday. I've been doing really well. You can go back and check the receipts. The Ringer teaming up with America's number one sports book to give you a 30% profit boost. We either pick a player to score more than 30 points or bet on the new exclusive 30 on 30 special markets. Like any game go nuts. You could have both teams scored 30 plus points in the first quarter. That could be the bet. FanDuel hooked this up. I love this. I love trying to figure out who's gonna score 30 points. I've been pretty good at it so far. Knock on wood. Hopefully it'll keep going. Look for 30 on 30 in the FanDuel Sports Sportsbook app or head to FanDuel dot com slash bs for your chance to score a bigger payout this Friday. Don't miss your chance to find out how much more 30 can be worth with fanduels. 30 on 30 must be 21 plus of President select states or 18 plus of President DC opt-in required bonus issued as no withable profit. Boost tokens restrictions apply, including any token expiration and max wager amount C terms@sportsbook.fan.com. Gambling problem call 1-800-GAMBLER or visit rg help.com.


This episode is brought to you by SimpliSafe. When it comes to the safety of me and my family, there's only one home security system I trust and that's SimpliSafe. I love having it in my home. Helps protect every inch of it inside and out. And if you wanna try it for yourself right now, perfect time to get it. There's an amazing Black Friday sale going on for my listeners. I'm talking 50% off here everybody also reasons to have SimpliSafe holiday season's coming. Talk about this every year on the BS pod. Guess what happens during holiday season? People start kind of casing your house a little bit on Wednesdays before Thanksgiving. Are they home? Did they go away? Oh wait, there's no cars in the driveway anymore. I move it in Christmas packages. Maybe they're gonna try to steal those. Well they won't if you have SimpliSafe because you're gonna be guarded against the porch pilots. SimpliSafe helps to stop crime before it happens. Professional monitoring agents that can see, speak to and deter intruders. And if someone's lurking around or acting suspiciously, they can and will take action. So check out SimpliSafe today, keep your home, your family, and your peace of mind protected. And remember, a massive Black Friday sale is being extended by SimpliSafe for my listeners This week only. You can take off 50% off any new system with a select professional monitoring plan. It's your last chance to claim the best offer of the year. So don't wait. Head to SimpliSafe dot com slash bs to claim your discount and make sure your home is safe this season. Once again, SimpliSafe dot com slash bs. SimpliSafe two is SimpliSafe do com slash bs. There's s no safe like SimpliSafe.


Alright, we're taping this on Thursday morning. Seth Wickersham is here from espn. He's popped on here a few times to talk about big picture NFL shenanigans at the coach owner scale and other stuff. And the Patriots and Belichick, shockingly to a lot of people, goes back to college. You wrote about it for ESPN today. I don't really even know where to begin, but I guess I'll start here. People see this story however they feel about Belichick is my takeaway. And I'm just judging it from the people in my life are emailing about it. The people who love Belichick thinks he think he's a great coach, are like, I can't believe there was another NFL job for him.


The people who were done with his style of doing thought he was a little overrated are all like, see the nobody in the NFL wanted him. And the truth is, the story really hits both sides of that spectrum, right? There's no doubt. And I think that what makes that interesting is that like that reflects a lot of the coach GM and owner divide in the NFL. I mean I think that like rank and file coaches ask Sean McVay, Kyle Shanahan, Sean Peyton, ask any of those guys if they think Bill Belichick should be coaching in the NFL and you won't even be able to finish the sentence before they say yes. Whereas at the GM level though and the ownership level, there's just so much concern.


And I think that part of it is his record. Part of it is, you know that for, you know, the last half of the dynasty certainly you know, Robert Kraft made dude's secret that he could be impossible to work with at times, times even as they were winning. But I think that there's just a sense that even if Belichick is willing to be deferential to existing infrastructures and existing GMs, whoever they might be, there's a sense that like if you hire this guy, you gotta kind of let him do it his way and give him the keys even if he's not technically asking for it. And I think what changed 2024 has been an interesting year for Belichick and we should talk about that.


But what changed I think was that I think that he began to think maybe I don't really want this and I don't wanna take the risk and wait in January hoping that I might get one interview and might get one job when I can go to a program that I've got a little bit of history with. Have the space to win or lose on my terms and and my career that way. All right, so there's two major things to unpack there. One is how do I even know if I'll get a job in January? And then the other piece is how do I know I want the job? Yep. So let's talk about the league dynamics. 'cause I think that's such a big part of this.


He had such a bad experience with the crafts the last five to seven years really starting with the stuff you were writing about in the mid 2000 tens that I think, and I was one of them, a lot of the Patriot fans who had gone through Deflategate and Spygate and then mm, people were starting to write about the dissension between Kraft and Belichick and Brady and all of us were like, fuck you, there's no dissension, we're fine. But then as the years passed, clearly there was, but I, I think the crafts thing got so dysfunctional the last five years and if you didn't believe it, you just had to watch the Apple Doc, which was one of the most insane pieces of sports content anyone's ever released where it was just an absolute hatchet job that tried to erase Belichick.


Especially from the first three Super Bowls where I don't care where you stand on the Belichick versus Brady thing. Belichick was a bigger reason they won the first three Super Bowls. It's a fact the way he put the roster together, the defense, he had the game planning And it was almost like they knew that. So they had to steer it toward everything that happened after that. And part of me wonders was he just so disenchanted with his experience with the crafts that as he looked around the available jobs and you see father son duo incompetent franchise father son duo and he's just looking around going, that looks awful. I was already in that situation. Maybe I could have control over my own situation.


So just the NFL infrastructure, which you've written about a lot, is it more dysfunctional than we even know about? 'cause there's maybe seven franchises that are run smoothly and correctly and then two thirds of the week at least are kind of a disaster. Totally. And I think that, yeah, it's first of all to go back to like the early part of the dynasty. Like, you know, you And it, when Patriot hugely formative years, Belichick finally had the, the, the people, the quarterback in place to do what he had had in his mind for so long in terms of like being able to create an actual team. And you know, that's where that ethos started.


And I think that like Van Wright Thompson and I and Vanta reported on it a year ago or so, that he, you know, Belichick really felt like the crafts had eroded what he had built in the past couple years. Crafts of course were pissed off that he let Brady walk out and you know, he told Kraft that Brady couldn't play anymore and he go anymore and he goes and wins to Super Bowl. But then, yeah, 2024 he gets fired by the crafts even though they call it a mutual parting of ways. His craft letter comes out and says that, you know, he was fired. Well and he was also telling everyone in NFL Circle, it's like, yeah, I fired him. Exactly. And then you have seven openings and only one team shows any interest in him.


He meets with the owner twice. And then the next thing you know, you know, he's voted off the island as we reported about. And You're talking about Atlanta. Atlanta. And like he was willing to work with gm, Terry Fontano, he was willing to work with Rich McKay even though there's a lot of history there. Yep. But you, you know, at the end of the day, they not only went with Raheem Morris, but they made a decision against Belichick, like didn't finish in any of the decision makers top three candidates. And it was, And they leaked it too to make them look bad, which I thought was really interesting. Well It was our reporting, I mean it's a little bit different than they leaked it, but yeah, we learned about Well true, you're right. Yes. And so, But, but you reporting it, you're finding out that that totally they weren't in the top three.


So they're telling somebody that. Absolutely. So he gets shut out, then you have the dynasty comes out, which just, you know, really roundly dismisses his influence, you know, in, in that team's historic run. So start this season, he's got his media gigs, but every week he and a lot of the old Patriots assistants who are also outta work would, would do these zooms and they would get, go through every team, every game, every situation, these high level conversations. And I think the subtext of it all is like what teams and organizations sound good for us if the, if the situation comes up and there wasn't a lot of back channel communication with owners, I think that the Brian Flores lawsuit has impacted that greatly.


Wait, Can you explain that? 'cause that's such a crucial piece of this. So like five years ago there's texting, there's, hey, what's going on over there? And you're just back channeling constantly and the florist thing just completely ended that Well, it's an ongoing discrimination lawsuit against the league in three teams. And I think that owners, you know, don't want to get wrapped up in that. They don't want to be part of that. They don't want to violate the Rooney Rule. And so I'm not convinced that Belichick wouldn't have ended up with an NFL job. I just think we're, we're never gonna know. And I think that the ones that he thought he might have a chance at just didn't seem appealing enough. And I think that like on those Zoom calls midway through the season, all of a sudden the college game just seemed much more appealing to him.


And he wanted to discuss certain programs how it would, would work if they tried to implement some of the Patriot way at that level. And again, I was as shocked as anybody. I think you and I were texting about it when North Carolina, you know, came up. I, and you know, it's not Notre Dame exactly, but he felt like this is a good place to end his career the way that he wants to end his career. Which is, you know, working with people that he cares about, that he likes. And when you're losing on his terms, Well, and he has a little bit of a, a father legacy with them. It's a great place to live. It's a place that seems like they were willing to give him the car keys. I wanna go through those NFL jobs though, because it's such, such a crucial piece of this because there's gonna be a narrative like, ah, the league rejected him and, and you know, even your piece tapped into that.


Did Belichick reject the league first or did they already reject him? But if you go through the jobs Las Vegas, assuming that becomes open after the year, I mean they have two wins, but I'm just guessing, well, Mark Davis fired McDaniels, he's a legacy kid that's a franchise that's never, I I I would say been stable the last decade. So he's not going there. Jacksonville was, I thought, And it's West. I don't, I don't think he, I I think consistently he, he really didn't want to go out west. Well and also they don't have a quarterback. There's so many variables. So cross them up. Jacksonville is the team I thought made the most sense. But what do they have? They have the father son duo who's been pretty incompetent over the last 10 years.


Like he just dealt with that with the crafts. Now he's getting the more incompetent version of the crafts. Trevor Lawrence, you'd have to really talk yourself into, And it would've to be a situation where they just gave him everything. But they've already proven they don't really work that way. The sun runs the analytics department And it just seems like that wasn't a match. So cross them off New Orleans, no quarterback, the Benson family, they're a mess. He's not going there. They're in cap. Hell, you can't succeed there. That makes no sense. Cross them off the jets. No quarterback and he can't stand. Woody Johnson took shots at him constantly all the way during the season and all his media places. So cross them off. The giants were interesting 'cause I thought that was another possibility.


But it's pretty clear that he really like day ball. And even in, in some of the reporting was like telling them like, you guys need a better front office, but you have a good coach. He just didn't wanna shank day ball. So that's out. Plus they don't have the QB Dallas, we won't know until January. Right. That's another father son duo by the way, but won't know until January. And he didn't want, he couldn't wait that long because this North Carolina job was either gonna be there or not. So let that one go of before the one that you talked about in your piece, Cincinnati, if this ended badly, they didn't make the playoffs and they fired Zach Taylor who has not covered himself in glory this year.


That's a really good job. 'cause you have Borough Ohio. I can, you know, but again, you can't wait till January. So the only one that really might've made sense was Chicago. And in your reporting they seemed receptive to that one. Right. But Chicago is just, they want one of those offensive wiz kid playout play callers. Everybody has Ben Johnson linked to them already. So it just didn't seem like a fit. And that was the one team that seems like they've rejected him kind of. Yeah, and I mean, again, what, what are those situations is interesting. I mean that Dallas is interesting to me because nobody can take a collection of talent and turn them into a team quite like Belichick. But again, you know, can the Jones share the spotlight with someone like Belichick?


You know, I have no doubt that they could all get along, but I don't know if Jerry Jones values coaches enough right. To, you know, go after someone like Bill and so, well He had Jason Garrett for eight years or nine years. So we we know the answer to that already. Exactly. And so I think that like again, you know, he, he saw the Giants as a rebuild, but he also believes that Brian Day Ball's done a good job. And so yeah, almost like you take yourself out of the running for that if they were even considering it. And you know, again, this is all just, I I think that like, and even Cincinnati, I mean remember when he would go on his podcast or on the McAfee show, I mean he was really critical of Burrow. Yeah. And usually when he does that publicly, you know that there's a lot more there in terms of his private scouting report of a certain player.


And so, So were you devouring some of the Belichick media stuff? Try 'cause you know him so well and you know, the trying to just like the little breadcrumbs he was dropping one way or the other. Was that like a sport for you? I, I loved it. You know, it was, it was, it was really fun. It was really fun. I mean, that's all we've wanted, right? Yeah. 'cause what you, what you have is the, you know, for all these decades, you knew, you know, you had his, his his public performance, which was, you know, very buttoned up. And then the things you would learn about what they were like behind the scenes and the way that they would really, you know, put so much thought into like all these decisions.


It was just mind blowing. And so I loved like just getting a glimpse of that this year from him. And especially like his disdain for certain things was really funny. Like sloppy special teams just like really, really cut him to the, to The heart. Yeah. I interviewed, yeah, I interviewed, I I I, I was talking with Peyton Manning earlier this year for my quarterback's book and you know, he was talking about how Belichick just loves coming on the Manning cast and, and loves watching punts, Right? Yeah. Belichick, if there, there was a punt near the end zone and the guy screwed it up and fell into the end zone, it was like Belichick was being electroshock on the sidelines.


It was, it was absolutely worst thing that could happen to him is somebody screwing up a basic play. And then you watched him when, when we had an Atlanta game and I think he was on the Manning cast and you know, he's just ripping them for sloppy tackling Yeah. And things like that. And you know, that that was a job obviously they, they made a point of making sure everyone knew why they didn't hire him. And so, you know, I, I enjoyed that stuff quite a bit. Yeah. He, he seemed like he had an ax to grind against Atlanta, the Jets. He couldn't take Witty Johnson shots enough there. There are a couple others, but you know, I'm torn on this because I really thought him trying to be the coach GM everything the last couple years, which just wasn't sustainable anymore.


And he wasn't good at it. The free agent draft stuff the last five years. He was just bad. And you could see the results in the roster. He just didn't do a very good job. And I, and that combined with, I think he had a lot of trouble replen replenishing assistance once, once guys got plucked left and right. That becomes really hard to just keep replenishing these guys that you kind of taught your whole system to. You get older, you don't have the same kind of motor. So, you know, I, the way he did it in the two thousands, no chance he was gonna be able to do that again. But I still feel like he was a pretty good, a pretty like top, maybe not top seven coach, but in the top 10.


What was interesting about last year, the team got sloppy in ways that were really uncharacteristic for Belichick. And I do think people around the league probably noticed that this wasn't like the same buttoned up overachieving thing. Now their defense overachieved and finished like I think sixth and DVOA. Some of that had to do with the schedule. Some of that had to do with when you're playing a shit shit team, you're not necessarily throwing the kitchen sink at them. You're just trying to get through the game a little. Some of it was smoke of mirrors, but at the same time the team did overachieve. They were awful offensively, they couldn't have been worse. And what the reason I bring this up is the irony of all of this is the best job for him I think would've been the Patriots for 2025 with like some pieces desperately needed, like a stable hand.


And they have an awesome quarterback, right? Which is the thing he didn't have for six years. And the funniest thing about all of this is that was the perfect job for him. But it never would've happened. Never would've happened. So there was definitely no chance. Chance. And you know, I think the, Although Ben and J-Lo happens, so maybe, maybe there's, maybe no chance is too strong. There have been reunions that have been shut, the Eagles got back together, but that one would've been an all time shocker. I think. I know, I'm trying to think if there's, I mean you just look at the toxicity of how that ended. And I don't know if there's a sports parallel where they could have like mended that again. I mean Phil Jackson, Jerry Kraus, Phil is the only thing I could think of.


Yeah, Phil Was thinking, I was thinking about that and that just wasn't gonna, I mean that it was, it's, it got pretty bad. I mean you saw the body language at the press conference when they let Belichick go. You saw it at the Brady roast. The Roast was the best. He, he just had complete disdain. You He couldn't hide it. Couldn't hide it. And yeah, I mean I'm with you like on paper in terms of like, if you're looking at the situation that's kind of best suited for him where you're taking a team that, you know, again needs to kind of like come together and play smarter. That might be, you know, the Patriots might be his forte. But yeah, that was never gonna happen this year. Yeah, because you look like Sean Peyton, they give him the car keys in Denver, turns it around now he's younger than Belichick Harbaugh with the Chargers this year.


Same, same thing. Like there's probably seven, eight guys that could do that. But in those cases, those guys are also running a lot of the, the front office thinking. And I think Belichick with his last five years probably lost that with the perfect job would've been, Hey, we have a good team. We ran our course with our coach. Can you just come in? That's why Philly became super interesting in September for a couple weeks there when it looked like Siri was gonna go badly. And that was like whoever's taking that one, that's like a hired gun job. Could he have just come in hired gun? Hey, just try to win as many games as possible and compete for titles. But then Philly turned it around, they won nine to 10 games.


So it makes sense to me that he did this because I do think he just wants to coach and, and maybe he started to realize the NFL isn't for him now on the other hand, could he do this for two years and then realize, oh, that job's open and all of a sudden he is hopping back. Do you think the Shula record's important to him? Because I've heard different, different takes on this. I think it is important, but it's not the thing, you know, it's not why he gets out of bed in the morning. It's not what really motivates him. And I think that like probably given a year off, you know, he was able to reflect a little bit on like what are the essential things that I enjoy about this job.


And I, I think that like, you know, one of the things with the New York Giants, let's say he had gone there and he knows that it's gonna take a year to get that team back. He would've been going through his third straight coaching year, so 22, 23 and then yeah, next year with, you know, the media on him and whether he's lost his fastball a daily, you know, piece of speculation and content. And I don't think he really wanted to deal with that. And I think that like it's one of, you know, college football media is a little different than the NFL. And I think that like, even though it's intense in its own ways, like that's something that he won't really have to contend with I think when he's in North Carolina.


So the things working against him, the crafts poison, the well GM performance last five to six years was just bad. A known curmudgeon, which he tried his hardest over this with the 8 million jobs. He had to really try to prove that he wasn't, and I'm in the camp that he is probably more entertaining than a curmudgeon. But I think if, if, if he's working for you and you're just a rich guy who wants answers, he's gonna be a curmudgeon. Brings a lot of like, people that come with him. Some would say they're castoffs, some would say they're people that if it was for Belichick would not be working in the league anymore. But he has a lot of those people, right?


And the irony of it is, this is the same kind of thing he probably despises with owners, like, why do I have to deal with your family? Why do I have to deal with your, you know, now your son's telling me what to do, but this North Carolina situation's gonna, he's gonna be in, he's gonna bring a lot of like his family with him, including actual family members. So, and I I I, but it seems like to me that was probably a huge piece of this for him, just working with people that he trusts and likes. Right? Absolutely. And I think that like, that was something that a year ago when the Eagles, you know, were at, at, at the highest levels were talking about, Hey look, you know, he's available.


Do we, do we make a move here? You know, that was one of the things that was considered is that like, even though those group of minds for the longest time where it's just like so desired in NFL circles, right? I mean, owners just could not wait to try to tap into his thinking until they realized, you know, that it's, it's so singular. His system is not a playbook like Bill Walsh's, it's literally his decision making in real time. You know, he does, they, they thought, you know, he doesn't necessarily have the best record of of developing coaches and considering if he comes in, you have to kind of let him run it his way. Yeah. Are you doing this again in two years?


Are you blowing up the building again? Or do you give someone a third shot at being, you know, a head coach or, you know, one of the people out of that group, a second shot of being a head coach. And so those things were definitely on minds. I think that like with Belichick, just him having been in the NFL for half a century now and been in the public eye really for most of the last 30 or so years, is that there's just enough material out there that if you want to lay out a convincing conversation as to why you don't wanna hire him, it's there. Yeah. But his record is also there. And I mean, just imagine him going through what he went through last January and February and then having to go on his podcast and on the McAfee show and everything and explain to us and him trying to do it politely.


Just how stupid some of the coaching is in the NFL. I mean, when they have to ex when they have to bring him on to explain what happened at the end of the Bears Lions game. Right. And I mean, you know, this is stuff that he knows how to do in his sleep. I mean, he is the one who with the clock, you know, melting down against the Seahawks, saw confusion, saw personnel change calls, you know, go line three, I think that was the name of it. Butler goes in. All that stuff comes together in a way that I can't ever see being replicated again. So much preparation and thought and execution and stones, for lack of a better word. And yet, you know, you're watching these coaches screw up game situations all the time and they bring him on to try to explain why.


And these are the guys who have jobs right now, Right? Well, this NBA has the same problem. Most if you have between those two, there's 62 franchises, N-B-A-N-F-L, Probably three fourths of them are terrible at hiring coaches. And in the NBA coaches just change all the time. The NFL coaches change all the time. We see situations like last year where ever flu's clearly, you know, that was gonna be risky to bring him back with a new QB that could have gone either way. Sala looked like he'd already run his course with the Jets, they talked themselves into bringing him back. But a lot of the times he can kind of see it just from not being attached, just from watching your TV being like, eh, that guy seems like a man like Brandon Staley last year.


It's like, like this. There's no way, there's no path out of this. So I'm sure Belichick watches that too. And he's like, are you fucking kidding me? Like really ab Absolutely. And I, I think a year ago, I think it was a year ago, there was a, you know, they have owners meetings and then they have the privilege meeting, which is just owners and, you know, maybe they're family members, but it's not team executives. And I, I think that it was in a privileged session where the league presented some data as to the total amount of money that owners are paying, coaches that are no longer working for them. Oh my God. And it was a staggering amount. Stagger. And you know, then it prompted all this discussion about the value of coaches. Are we paying these guys too much?


All this stuff. But the bottom line is that like most owners are not good at this. And even if you're invested in a gm, like, I don't want to pick on him, but let's just say Terry Fontano or what whoever might be, why not tell, why not have an owner who says, look, I'm keeping you around. I want you to absorb as much as you can from this guy while we have two to three years with him, so that we can take the best pieces going forward after he sets the record and, you know, rides off into the sunset. Like that would be some really strategic thinking on an owner's part. And Yeah. But Seth owners, you know how this works. These, the rich guys just call each other and then, you know, they, they weirdly look out for each other even though they're all competing against each other in this league.


And there's no way that Arthur Blank didn't call Kraft to ask for his take on Belichick. I just refuse to believe he didn't. And there's no way craft didn't give him a bad review. So then if you're, we were On it. Yeah, hey you, yeah, you have this, if you're blank, you have a franchise that's worth $7 billion and you're trying to think, do I wanna give the car keys to the 7 billion franchise to this guy? And his last employer is just absolutely like smashing him. You're gonna hesitate and you're gonna go to the yes man. 'cause it's the other thing, Lombardi and I talked about this when he was on, I think in August, September. You have a lot of people in these organizations, and I've dealt with this professionally too, job protection people, that their job is just to keep their own job.


And they're always gonna like push blame on other people and undermine other people because that's how they're gonna keep their seat. And that happens in so many of these football, they, we just saw it happen with the Falcons, the cousin's pennix thing is probably a disaster, right? Are there gonna be repercussions for it? Disaster. They're just gonna blame other people. Well, cousins, he didn't tell us he was healthy. They'll, they'll figure out how to blame and keep going. Rob Poka the master of this with the Lakers, they've fire a coach every year. They trade, they've traded all their picks, they've done everything, but somehow everybody else gets blamed for it. So I just think that's such a big part of sports now. And I don't think the common person who just roots for football like sees it. And owners, you bring up two interesting points.


I mean, number one is that a lot of them are kind of risk averse and conflict averse. Right? Which I think, you know, and within that context it makes you realize just, you know how ballsy it was for Robert Kraft to trade a first round pick for Belichick back in 2000, Right? Which is his hall of fame case, by the way. It's like he not only hired Belichick, he traded a first round pick. He was that convinced in the guy. Absolutely. And then the, the thing is though, is that you're right. I mean, like groupthink takes over. Like even though these guys are, you know, in charge of these multi-billion dollar businesses, and even though they're all bosses in their own right of whatever other businesses they might own, like when you see votes taken in the NFL, there's not a lot of close votes.


Like they're almost always like 31 to one, right? Because Mike Brown never votes, you know, whatever it might be. Like groupthink does just take over. And I think that like, you know, like we said, they can, they can use whatever excuse they want for why they don't wanna hire a Belichick, but it doesn't look good for, for all of them. It doesn't look good that this guy left and went to college, to a mid-level program while we're watching just like so much bad coaching every week. Well, I don't think it's a mid-level program anymore with the kind of money they're probably spending. I, I think that for North Carolina, you always have to look like, why would somebody do, why would somebody spend, I don't know how much it's, it's 30 for three, I saw 50 for five, whatever it is, plus all the other people in Belichick's life.


Plus The commitment 10 al it's probably like a, I don't know, 40 to $50 million commitment per year. But when was the last time anyone talked about North Carolina football? Like we just got Drake May from them. Yep. And all I read about leading up to Drake May is like, we have no idea how good he is. 'cause his team was such dog shit in this last year, right? So that's who you're getting. They, so this writer named Molly Conley, who's I, I think does a good job, and he was on some of the reporting on this, but he wrote a piece today about, about when Bill Walsh went back to Stanford and how badly it went. And it went badly for a bunch of different reasons. College football was totally different back then.


Walsh maybe didn't have the stamina or the motor that he thought he did. He tried to bring an NFL mindset And it just went badly. There was a book written about it and you know, I've been really like Stuart Mandela, the Athletic wrote a piece like, this is going to be a disaster. Like, he was just like, mark my words, come back here in two years. This is gonna be a disaster. I don't know whether I'm just like I a Belichick junkie at this point, or a Belichick apologist. I, I, I don't know. I just, I, I watched him do so many great things. I just really find it hard to believe he's gonna go to college and not be good. And yet the track record said he won't, it says that he won't be good. So where do you stand?


My gut tells me he'll, he'll do pretty well there. Now look, I don't know what that means. You know? Does, does that mean they make the playoffs? I, I don't exactly know, but I think when you have a legend who still feels like he has something to prove and Right, you know, is really sharp, I think history usually lends itself pretty, pretty well to those guys. And I think that clearly this was a space that in 2024 really just started to appeal to him. And like from the people I've talked to closest to him again in September when they started these meetings and they're going through all these games, I don't think that they were thinking like, what, what college program might, you know, come open.


That would be cool. It was really, as the season went on and he became more intrigued with the college game that he asked these guys to look into some of these programs a little bit more. Well, what would it look like if we took my methodologies and tried to adapt them to this? You know, how would that go? And, you know, is the ability to, knowing that I'll be able to win or lose on my own terms worth the risk of not interviewing or, you know Yeah, yeah. The Dallas Before any, yeah, before any of those jobs come open and, and you know, it was really kind of a resounding yes.


This episode is brought to you by an NFL Sunday ticket on YouTube TV. There's a lot to be thankful for this season. For one, I'm thankful you can get NFL Sunday ticket on YouTube TV right now for only $209. That's exactly what you need. As we head right into the playoffs, you can invite your friends over. Maybe you have a multiview. You could have four different games, one for you, one each for the three other friends you invite. You can, you can change the games around. As soon as a game, the outcome becomes pretty certain. Dump that game. But in another one, I've become the multi-view master. The moment the the one of the games is losing steam, I'm ready to move right in and move it for another one. Build your own multi-view. One of my favorite words, thank yourself this holiday season. Get NFL Sunday ticket for the rest of the l regular season for just $209. Sign up now at youtube.com/bs. Terms and embargoes apply. Device and content restrictions apply. No cancellations.


This episode is brought to you by Workday. Get the whole band together with Workday and pair of finance and HR on one platform for an epic performance with Workday ai. At the core, you'll make confident decisions faster than ever and you'll drive flawless business of finance operations with an agile platform that constantly evolves to future-proof your organization. Be a finance and HR rockstar with Workday. Visit workday.com to learn more.


There was one thing that I read in some of the stuff that's been written about this already is with the, with this college job, what he wants to do at North Carolina, I thought was fascinating. Where he basically wants to turn it into this football factory that trains people go to the NFL. So this is something Cal Perry tried to do at Kentucky, right? This was a big part of their mindset of like, college sports is changing, the one and done eras is coming. We are going to be this factory that sends people into the, the lottery top five pick whatever you wanna be, we're gonna train you to do that.


And if you look at the success of the Kentucky guys that came in the NBA, like there's other reasons for that. There were other people that were involved in that, that kind of chain. Like people like Worldwide West, who's now one of the people on the Knick. But a lot of those Kentucky people did come into the league position to succeed and they did. And they've had the most success, I think, of any college the last 15 years. So when I read that about Belichick, I was like, that's interesting that he's trying to reinvent himself basically, as you know, using North Carolina awesome, awesome school. Like one of the top 25 colleges, probably a CC, you have a natural rival in Duke.


You get to play big games, you have a chance to make the playoffs. But big picture, hey, if you wanna play in the NFL, you're gonna learn stuff here that maybe other places it won't be the same. That makes sense to me. Now whether he can sell that to some 17-year-old kid and some, you know, and their parents in Memphis, Tennessee or you know, Pittsburgh, Penn, wherever he goes to recruit, I don know if that's gonna work, but it makes sense to me. I it's a pretty good pitch. And I also think that it'll be interesting to see, you know, which NFL teams end up drafting out of that program. Most. Like, you know, when he had the first run with the Patriots, you know, when they, when three out of four Super Bowls and then his system got raided around the NFL, he had some tough drafts there.


And one of the reasons was because all of a sudden what felt like half the league was looking for the type of player that only he was looking for before. Yeah. And so all of a sudden there was a premium on those types of players. Now who knows Exactly. I mean, it would be interesting to see like if the Chargers, if the Ravens, if Oh teams that he has connections with Yes. Yeah. And teams that he would have connections with, you know, the Giants Denver, you know, if like those types of players, those types of teams end up really looking hard at North Carolina players and wanting them because they'll have a better sense that they're mentally equipped to handle the rigors of the NFL.


Name another coach who can get you ready for it. I think that Jim Harbaugh Michigan could probably do it pretty well. But name another coach who you can say, I will prepare you for what it's, for, what life is like in this league. And it's, you know, as we all know, that goes way beyond schematics in doing your job. It, it is a complete lifestyle change. Everyone talks about it how different it is when football ceases to be, you know, your quote unquote job and becomes your real job. And I think that he'll enjoy doing that like years ago. Yeah, years ago, it was in 2006. It was around the time the Halber stamp book came out. Bill wouldn't promote it during the year, but in the off season he did a couple events and he did one at, at Southern Connecticut.


And I, he'd received like a distinguished speaker award and I went to it and I was really curious on how it was gonna go. And he was so at ease in that audience in front of those young minds. And you know, he wasn't talking about football. He, he showed some clips. He kind of went to the film in kind of a funny way, but he wasn't like talking about football and using these kind of flat metaphors for how it prepares you for life and this type of thing. He was actually addressing these kids in terms of their passion and what they wanna do and how best to do it. And he was just on fire and he was inspiring. And I do think that like that's probably a muscle that he hasn't had a chance to flex as much in the NFL.


And I think that he'll really look forward to doing that because he'll know that the vast majority of even his players won't play in the pros. But I think that he'll enjoy preparing these people for life beyond football. Which to be honest, it, it is a, even though we know that he can do that, it is surprising for Belichick because he's someone who's like self-worth almost seems, seems tied to, you know, the results of games. Yeah. It made sense to me that he went to a school that actually is a strong academic school because the, the other way this could have gone that wouldn't have shocked me is if he just took over like, I don't know what jobs are open, but Amherst, Williams, Harvard, yeah.


Yale, one of those just like, he went full div three Now that would've been tougher for all the people he's bringing with him. And I don't, I don't know if there's the same amount of money, but, but the North Carolina, duke, that kind of level of really good schools that also have football at a pretty competitive level, it makes sense to me. Now, the thing he has to deal with here is if he is grumpy, curmudgeon, Belichick, every single person he's coaching is on a one year deal with this new college system and that balance, that's why we've seen a bunch of coaches get out. They didn't wanna deal with it. Right? Yeah. He's, he's approaching it fresh, but I, that that's the biggest x factor to me, right?


He's yelling at whoever and they're just like, okay, cool. I'm gonna be at Ohio State next year. So college is kind of a, a combination and maybe it, it's unofficially always been been this way of like raw and IL money and Yeah. You know, how much am I getting and cult of personality. I mean you see it with Dion Sanders, it is just such a cult of personality. Yeah. Even Saban, you know, he had reached that level. And I think that like it's, it's, it's kind of interesting to consider, but I mean it's like, you know, Belichick has reached a higher cultural place than any football coach over the last two decades. I would hope so. And, and you know, for a, as a, as a cult of personality type of guy, I mean you knew when, when craft started marketing the hoodies with the sleeves cut off, you know, that something had changed in, in the atmosphere And you know, a lot of the players that he'll be recruiting don't, won't know they wouldn't have been born when he was winning Super Bowls Yeah.


With the Patriots. But I think that like the culture personality will be strong with him. And I think that like that affords you a lot of the things that if you're a good coach at a good program, you know, makes this job so difficult because I don't think that he's gonna be married to his phone all day texting every single position and making sure that they're not entering the portal after practice, metaphorically speaking. Right. Well I'll tell you this, he's gonna be going against certain coaches that he's going to be so overqualified competitively that it's gonna be kind of hilarious. And I'm in the camp of, I think he's actually gonna do really well because just like his attention to detail and the game management stuff he'll be able to do, he's gonna be so far superior to some of these dudes that are in college.


That's one of my frustrations when I watch college is I can't believe how sloppy and dumb and stupid some of the stuff is, especially late. But here's where, Well, I mean just imagine like someone like Dabo Sweeney, I mean just like, you know, you've, he's clearly an elite college coach Yeah. That had, doesn't run the most sophisticated offense. And you know, I think that like when Deshaun Watson came into the NFL and I think Bill O'Brien did a great job with him and Deshaun for a while, there was like on the verge of being one of the top five quarterbacks in the NFL, I mean they had to mesh a lot of what they did in Clemson with like the stuff, you know, pulling from like the Brady Rookie playbook, right? Yeah. Of the, of the Patriots offense.


And you know, he will take that stuff is a huge challenge. I mean, you know, the fact that that you essentially have, you know, great inflation in college with some of these quarterback numbers that are being Put up. I mean Right. He will take that stuff personally. But there's also that aspect too. The the, you know, the fact that like he is who he is and I mean Brady on Fox the other day was asked about Belichick in college and he just like was, could not imagine him there and it's a funny clip of him Yeah. Doing his impression of Bill giving his pitch, you know, well we don't really want you but if you want to come here we'll see what you can do. I mean that part of it is really kind of interesting because he's going to be the complete opposite of what every other kid hears.


Yeah. It's basically he's Bobby Knight in the Yeah. Modern era. Exactly. So if it's over 302 wins for the NFL third all time 31 and 13 in the playoffs, including not including 13 buys, so 31 and 13 Plus The buys, he is basically 44 and 13, 333 combined wins only Don Shula had more 3 47, 6 and three in Super Bowls, three more as an assistant. So nine total. And really the only person with a chance to catch him with any of this stuff seems to be Andy Reed who is 32 wins behind him and five playoff wins behind him and is probably gonna pass him.


And I'm sure Belichick's probably okay with it. And I was wondering, I wondered if that factored into it where he is like, even if I to go to Jacksonville and I coach two years and get the record, am I gonna hold it for remember like when, yeah, remember when Drew Brees was breaking all those records and you knew that he was only gonna have them until Brady, you know, another half season. I wonder if he, if that calculus went into things, you know, is that worth it for me? Probably not. I mean that it, if it was Philly, if Sirianni went sideways and he's moving in Midseason, but you know, I, I talked to, I talked to his people about him doing a podcast like with Ring or Spotify. 'cause he, you know, they talked to everybody last year and one of the things they made very clear to everybody who was discussing any sort of media thing with him is Belichick will be coaching in February.


Right. It's like keep it low, but this is a one year thing. This is not a new career. He's doing this for one year. He would be coaching in February. And I, I always thought that was interesting that they're so honest about it and just like this is, he clearly wanted to do all the media stuff 'cause he wanted to make money, but he was also trying to shift some sort of perception about him. And I think for the most part it worked because I think if you think about him in July, people just knew him as the all time coach curmudgeon we've ever had. Not, not, not the same. Now I don't think like he's inside the NFL as humor came out a little bit the Manning cast.


I, you know, there were some pretty dreary moments in the Manning cast, but there were some also some fun clips too And some edgy moments. So you got to see that edginess with him sometimes. Yeah, he would did, he would do that Jim Gray podcast sometimes and he'd, he'd start throwing darts at coaches and stuff occasionally. So there was a little more I think that most people thought, but for people like you and me who had been watching him forever, like none of it was surprising. It backed up everything we had we'd already heard. But I always felt like his, his sense of what his place was in football history and how he could shape that a little bit, I always thought he was way more aware that you don't let halber Halberstein do a biography of you. You don't let the NFL film crew follow you around for a year.


Like he did care about that stuff, I think a little more than people realized. Right. That was always my take. Absolutely. I mean, legacy has always been important to him. And not just his legacy, but the legacy of, of the things that he built. I mean I always was told that like, you know, back when he thought he would always leave the Patriots on his terms, he would never leave it if they were down. Like he always wanted a hand over the team, a good team to his successor. Yeah. So that like, no matter what you said about him, you could always say that he made decisions that he thought were best at in the best interest of the team. Not himself, but the team and the franchise.


And that was a lasting legacy beyond him, you know, on the sidelines. And watching him this year and even he was throttled, you know, you could tell there was moments where maybe he would've gone there a little bit more, but he had to restrained himself a little bit because he knows that he still wants to get back in and he's not quite done with this and it's not quite his personality. Just to rip guys on that, That was my fear with him doing a podcast with us. Yeah. Like how far is he gonna go? Is he gonna hold back? But the gap between him and most of the league was just painfully obvious. And yeah, I get all the reasons that I, I think there's a lot of people who thought that, like remember when Mike Shanahan sat out a year and teams started to fire their coaches early so they could get the inside track on him?


Yeah. There was a sense that might happen with Belichick, but because of the rules that are in place, you know, that never really happened. And plus, I, I just don't think, I think owners just had, you know, like we've talked about all their reasons as valid or not as, as they may be of, of why they would rather bring in someone else and it's like, it's kind of hard not to be happy for Belichick and you know, that he's landed in a place that he seems legitimately stoked about. Yeah. And even the crafts, they did end up with Drake may somehow, right. They probably have one of the four worst coaches in the league. They have one of the, I think one of the worst front offices in the league that just had a horrible draft and a horrible free agency.


But they do have this, this guy now who has a chance to be one of the five or six best QBs in the league. And it, the whole fan base is completely in on him. And now it's become, I look at it and I'm just like, Vrabel sitting there like I don't understand. They, I, if you go back and you look at Vrabel, Tennessee career in 2021, he was 12 and five And go look at that team, like it's kind of like about to be washed up maybe already was Tan Hill, Derrick Henry replace half the season AJ Brown is about to get traded for Trayvon Burkes straight up or Trayvon Burkes, whatever his name is. And they overachieve with that team and then they trade, they trade Brown QB situation goes sideways, Vrabel starts, you know, battling the front office.


And he is and he is gone. And now he's just sitting there. And to me, like what we're talking about earlier about Harbaugh, Peyton there, there's just like seven, eight coaches, Tomlin, seven, eight coaches that really matter. I think Vrabel is one of the seven or eight you have. Drake may, I don't understand if these last four games for the Pats don't go badly. If they go badly, just admit the mistake and hire Vrabel. He's a patriot hall of famer. I think he'd come, why wouldn't they do it? Well, couple things. I think that like, first of all, Vrabel is suffering from a little bit of the same thing that Belichick has. Like, you know, this perception that you gotta give him the keys and let him do it his way. And that guy's an excellent, excellent coach.


I actually think that, I mean it's obvious that Tennessee was better under him and they were tougher under him. I actually think that if you are trying to develop Will Levi, he was better for that because he knew how to protect quarterbacks, right? Like he knew how to run an offense that didn't put everything on them and took some of the pressure off and, you know, I think he's suffering from a little bit of the stuff you see from Belichick with the crafts move on from Gerard Mayo? I don't think so. I mean I don think so either. I think Kraft, I think Kraft has said publicly that he decided in 18 or six, five years ago, 18, 17, yeah. Yeah. Somewhere around that time that, that he was gonna succeed Belichick. And it, it's, unless there's something that's going on in the building that's so dysfunctional that hasn't come out yet, that is just beyond intolerable, it, it, I would really have a hard time seeing Robert Kraft, you know, move on from, from a coach like that after one year.


I agree. And yet I do feel like this is one of those situations where it, from everything we've seen this first year, there's really no glimmer or hope so far with the coach and the coaching staff and really any piece of this. And now it's like, well we're are so now we're gonna run and then a year from now we'll change everything. That's why these well next four games, well these next four games are gonna be so important because like Arizona this weekend is a winnable game for them. Arizona I think has overachieved a little. They're not that talent. They're from a talent standpoint, not like crazy different than the Pat's and May might be able to just beat them by himself.


But if they, they play Buffalo twice. I forget who the last game is, but I feel like if they go on four and it's like a bad on four, I'm prepared for anything because craft's old, these, these owners get old and they're like, fuck it, I'm, it's, I'm in my eighties. Like I, I don't wanna go down this way. And plus some, plus with a vrabel as prickly as he can be, they're used to that, right? Like they're like whatever, like, you know, whatever, you know, Tennessee can't handle. They're like, it's fine with us. This is a beach. Like we've been through worse. Right. And, and he's, you know, and he's a good coach. He's a really good coach. Yeah. It's a real, Well the funniest thing to me is why Chicago wouldn't hire him. And, and it's like they're enamored with Ben Johnson.


He calls great plays. It's like, how, how much evidence do we need that that might not be the deciding reason to hire a coach like Kyle in the last like 15 years. Kyle Shanahan is the only real wiz kid, new coach. Even somebody like McVay who I think gets credit for that. McVay's a football coach. He's, he's doing everything on all sides. He's a, he's a people manager, he's a strategist. You know, he's not just like, here are my, here's here are my 50 plays I'm bringing in the game. Free Abel is like a culture changer. Chicago needs to, you know, they they, they play in the worst weather probably in the league other than maybe two other cities. Like they need to be like tougher on the lines. They need to be able to protect Caleb.


I don't understand how just hiring a play call is gonna be the answer for them. But what do I know ab Absolutely. And it's be, it's a little bit like Belichick. I mean, you know, he's a total head coach. Yeah. He can go coach coach running backs if he needs to. And Vrabel is a very similar, he learned, you know, from him and others. But like Vrabel is a total head coach. I'll never forget Belichick's last playoff game, I guess we're saying last, oh, the last playoff game with Brady. Yeah. When they lost to the Titans at home on that, on that rainy night. And you know, the Patriots need the ball back, they get a stop and you keep thinking, you're thinking this is when, you know we've seen this. Yeah. You know, all of a sudden they're gonna turn it on.


And Vrabel deploys that clock management trick that Belichick had used against the Jets earlier that year. And Belichick's just going nuts on the sideline and melting down. And you can tell he's hot because, but, but Vrabel had learned like he had studied the guy. Yeah. And he knew in the exact situation when to use that. That is next level coaching. And when you watch like, again the end of like the Bears Lion's game, which is just like a debacle on every front, it's just obvious that there are some of these guys out there that are fundamentally coaching and teaching a different sport and others are just kind of glorified play callers. And that would be my concern with Ben Johnson, even though he's an imaginative play caller.


Yeah. Sat and I talked about it a little on Sunday. I, I just think being a head football coach and being somebody who specializes on one side of the ball or the other over and over again, I would just rather have the overall head coach who's he. Like Kevin Clark wrote a really good piece for us on The Ringer, I think it was for the 23 season Babel and all the stuff that he did for the Titans so people could go back and read it. But just about yeah. How he would grab different time with different, you know, he'd just be like, oh, I'm gonna spend a half hour with the left guard because I don't like the way that he's stepping back on just every aspect of the team. And I think for the Patriot fans, like the stuff we read and hear about mail, like we're j it just doesn't seem like that's happening.


Not to mention the media stuff's been bad, the game management stuff's been bad, the team is exceptionally sloppy and I, it's, I'm waiting for a light at the end of the tunnel with him. 'cause it would, it would be a hell of a lot easier for all of us if he was a good coach or had a chance to be a good coach. But these next four, these next four games are gonna determine it. All right. So you announced you have a new book coming in September. It's called American King's Biography of the Quarterback available for pre-order now. And you just used your massive media clout to just go get time with a bunch of famous quarterbacks, find out what's going on with that position, Including Drake May, but yeah, you know, IIII want to write a book that, you know, takes the most encompassing look of this position I possibly could, you know, what's it like to do at every one of these levels?


What does it build in you? What does it strip away? What is it like doing in high school college as a rookie? How did this thing become cool? You know, the answer as it turns out, goes back to 1885 and runs right through LA in the coming decades. Wow. And you know, then what is it like to live with this the rest of your life? In what ways it is it incompatible with kind of future happiness? I, you know, that's, that's what I wanted to do. And yeah, I spent some time with your boy Drake May when he was at Carolina and his family and the coaching staff there at the time. And I really enjoyed, you know, spending time with him. And I do think that like part of the reason he was appealing to the Patriots, there's a Brady factor there where it's like you had the youngest kid in a family of achievers who had to fight for attention.


Yeah. And you know, when he decided to go to North Carolina, he knew, you know, right then that like, it's not about whether you make it in the NNFL or not, it's actually just whether you have something to say at Thanksgiving with your family around, you know, did you, did you do something that year? Yeah. That, that lets you have be part of that conversation. And anyway, I had a great time reporting it and, and working on it and looking forward to September. Yeah. I obviously was obsessed with that draft in April and reading everything, talking to as many people as I could talk to. And, and I, I was so all in on on May IJI but Manning ironically, I was at a thing with him and I was just picking his brain 'cause he knew May a little bit and I was like, I really feel like man's the guy.


And and Manning was like, oh yeah that guy's, the man like that guy's gonna be really good. I was like, really? Like, I was like a little kid really? You think he's gonna be good? But I do think part of, and I'm sure your book taps into that is how the guys who have done it can spot things with the next guys. Like oh, like they just kind of know who has and who doesn't. And May's been, it's been the opposite of, you know, some of the other people we've had in different sports over the years. May's just been, he's checked every box. It's crazy. Like even knows what to say in the press conferences already. It's nuts. He has, and I mean I think that like to take wet back what you said, I mean I think there's an element of it where, you know, they think they can and then sometimes they can't too.


So like, You know what makes this job in these weird responsibilities, it has so unique and so hard, you know, so mythologized and so hard to predict baffles these guys, I mean Steve Young loved Zach Wilson mentored him, right. And You know, What happened, What happened? What happened to Sam Donald? How does he go from, that's the thing, I think situations so much of it, which is why the Drake made thing has been amazing. 'cause he's in a bad situation. He's got bad receivers in a bad offensive line. And it doesn't seem like his coaching staff's that great, although Van Pel might be all right, but Absolutely. But darn holy shit. You look back at the situation he was in And it was like, of course he wasn't gonna succeed, especially at the age he was at anyway.


And to tie it all back and to title back, Belichick used to take another crack at the Jets. Oh yeah. He loved that. He's done that a few times. You know, He, he loves, he loved mentioning that every team wanted, wanted to keep Donald and liked him except for the jet, So. Right. All right, well I look forward to reading that book. It's a great idea Seth. Awesome to see you read his piece today. If you want even more information on this, but I hope Paul as well. Thanks man. Good to see you. Alright, Joe House is here. We're gonna do some million Dollar Picks in a second. Brag about our record, do all that stuff. But NBA cup is the semifinals are Saturday night the odds on FanDuel OKCs plus one 15 Milwaukee's plus two 70 rockets, four to one Atlanta a feel super fun bet at plus five 50, my instinct says just lay the plus one 15 with OKC And it a day.


I kind of landed the exact same place as you what we saw in terms of how they handled Dallas. And I really enjoyed the breakdown. You Jacoby, Kurt Goldsberg. I felt like it took you guys too long to get to the part where Luca sucked. He sucked, sucked. He just was a flat out no-show. He couldn't go up and down the court. And then what was crazy to me was in the previous three games, he looked fine. He looked like he was all the way back. But I don't know if it was a, a setback. I don't know where his head was at. He was out of that game before it even really got going bs. Yeah, it seemed like that OKC team is kind of a bitch to go against with all those swings they have and all those athletes and they just seemed like they knocked him out of his rhythm in the first half and that was it.


It shouldn't have been that easy though. But if I'm okc we talked about it Tuesday night, like that's such a good outcome that that's the team, that's one of the hurdles you needed to get over in the west and now you just feel like you can go at those guys. So they're playing the Houston pit bulls on Saturday night who are just the classic, I don know why I love this team so much because their last few minutes of their offense is so, you know, it's just, it's just a chore. Which is why Jimmy Butler trade part of the ice. Part of the ice. Yeah. I talked earlier about a Jimmy Butler trade, but they just desperately need somebody who can get a really good shot. Doesn't appear like it's gonna be Jalen Green, but I just like the, I think it's gonna be an awesome back and forth game we saw two weeks ago.


I loved it. The Atlanta game, Atlanta Milwaukee with that weird goofy Milwaukee team. And I know Giannis can just have the 38 19 and just overpower them. But I can, I talked about it earlier in the pod. I continue to be infatuated by this Atlanta team and you feel the same. You know, I do because we bet heavily on them in the preseason we did, we we imagined this possibility with their size and their versatility. And lo and behold, you know, every once in a while we get a couple things right. And this was the team we thought for sure that Deonte Murray was an enormous addition by subtraction because what they got back in Dyson Daniels and Larry Nance Jr.


Like it's a mindset. It wasn't just, you know, sort of the player aspect of it. But they are long, they can, they defend from, from side to side. They defend full length and they, they are a team that can score late in games that I'm not worried are going to get good looks. The shot selection. No, you get, you get worried about the 29 footer from Trey. So I said earlier in the pod, Trey is at this really, really interesting inflection point where I feel like it's either gonna happen or it's not. You know, like statistically all these signs that he's going a little bit downhill as a scorer and yet he's on the most fun hawks team he's ever been on the kind of team we would create. We were trying to create a team for him.


He's got lobb and lo lob targets and shooters, all of these things people to protect him on defense. And now I wanna see him elevate and I think both of us are suspicious that it's in there. Well I I was gonna ask you to clarify what you mean, whether it's gonna happen or not because my, my immediate response is it's happening. We're seeing it. This is, but that, but not statistically for him though, I guess that's the difference is could he become, with all these weapons, could he turn into like a 24 and 12 guy and a 40% shooter and all the stuff we need. The only stat that matters is the assist. Like if he continues to lead the league or be right up there, top three in, in assist with this set of assets, then I would say Yeah.


Yeah. I mean, you know, this team has the composition of a team that can make some noise in the playoffs. They were so tough against the Knicks. That's always, you don't know whether a team's gonna show up and be prepared to have that bully instinct. They bully the Knicks, they 10 more offensive rebounds. Yeah. They kick the Knicks right in the, in the, in the front and the back of the lower section there. Yeah. I thought it was a moment. You know, and I, I think Tre is such an interesting guy to discuss and watch and there's so many things I don't like about his game, like that Lakers game. He just took a couple horrible shots but then he'll make a shot. Right. But the thing I do like about him is the, the swagger and the competitiveness is there, like you knew at the end of the game he wasn't gonna be afraid of the moment and the guys that he has around him, even that resche and we watched him before the season in that Brooklyn exhibition game.


And both of us, you were at my house and we were just watching going, what's up with this guy? We kind of like this guy maybe. Yeah, yeah. And you know, I I I just think it's a bunch of dudes that Bogdanovich comes in. He's not scared. It's a bunch of guys that aren't afraid. So I'm, I'm kind of leaning toward liking them in that Milwaukee matchup as an underdog. They're plus 1 48 plus three and a half. I'm on record. I like it on record. I'm on record. I I'm on the gambling pod. It was already up. I I played them on the money line and the points. I'll take 'em both ways. Yes sir. Please. Oh wow. I have a double, a double helping of hawks. They, the Milwaukee team continues to be, you know, it's just everything they can extract from Giannis and they need a good game, good to great game from Dame just to be, they lost by 15 points a week ago now.


No Middleton, but, you know. Okay. Yeah. And Dame shot very well from three, had 25 points and Giannis did one of his 38 nineteens and they still got their ass handed to him. It's just a bad matchup. I think real Milwaukee against this Hawks team couldn't agree more because Giannis could still have the 38 17 and they could still lose. They're gonna put Daniels, they're, they're gonna try try to take out Dane McDaniels and some of the other swings. Somebody like Trey has always been a problem for this Bucks team with how to guard these shifty point guards. So if Trey plays well, they win. I I almost feel like you could do the Hawks money line with some sort of Trey over bed. All right, let's talk, let's talk some some football.


Let's do it. We're we're doing really well in million Dollar Picks. I'm not giving, we won $51,000 last week. We're up 1.764 million. It's pretty good. This is one of my favorite weeks of the year. It almost scares me a little. There's just, it's playing all the hits for me. I love good to decent teams. Three points are under, I love Mike Tomlin getting points. You could probably guess what my picks are gonna be. There's like an easy teaser. So we'll go through some of it. Steelers, Eagles, Steelers plus five and a half. I'll let you take the floor. 'cause I heard what you said on The Ringer gambling show today and you had some, a couple points on this game that I just wholeheartedly agreed with.


Do your what? Good defenses Philly played thing. Yeah, well I I went through their list of wins and, and please don't misunderstand a nine game winning streak is outstanding. Yes. It's, it's excellent. But when you go through the teams that they've beat, I don't think you can get to a top 10 defense. I think you're hard pressed to get to a top 15 defense now they, they, wait, can I give them quick please, please do it. Cleveland, Cleveland Giants, Sy Jaguars, Cowboys, Washington Rams, Baltimore, Carolina. And it's not like they were throwing up 40 points a game either against those defenses, but that speaks to like, just nobody even remotely approaching what Pittsburgh has.


Yeah. And I would, I guess Cleveland would be the best out of, out of that group, but Right, so the thing about Pittsburgh and why I think it's gonna be a shock to the system is their ability to bring a pass rush that these eagles have not seen this entire season. And the, the Steelers are really rounding into form in terms of, you know, their quick pressure rate, their ability to disrupt and they have health at the linebacker position both Herwig and Alonzo Highsmith healthy and I, I just think watch's healthy. Yeah. So we already know that this Eagles defense is one dimensional. They are the, the least passing team in the NFL, the fewest number of attempts and completions in the entire NFL Jalen, her And it Eagles passing defense 30 31st in a passing league that has some horrible quarterbacks.


They're 31st out of 32 passing. You wanna, you wanna give this Steelers defense a one dimensional look? Do you think that they'll load the box and and and say please try and run on us. And you know, I think this is finally a, a matchup where the Eagle's very excellent offensive line. Again, don't misunderstand me. They're that they're, they're, they're gonna meet their match in terms of what this Steeler's defensive front seven can bring to the table. And Pittsburgh has a way better special teams. Yes. Like Pittsburgh has one of the preeminent special teams of this decade. The season of Boswell is having, I think Boswell might be having the greatest fantasy football season by a kicker in the last 15 years.


I had him on the vote out league that I'm in with Sal and Hench and those guys. And I didn't make the playoffs. My team sucked. And I felt bad. I almost felt like sending Boswell a letter. I'm sorry I let you down. You did everything you could, this wasn't your fault, Boswell, you should have figured out a way to put him on a, on a contender. I mean, you know, I, I understand the dynamics that are at work, but like does, is John Ham still alive? He could have done something nice for you. How's, he might have over 200 fantasy points this year. Just outrageous. But that's like the kickers don't do that. The top kicker is usually 1 61 70. So they have him the Tomlin factor. Tomlin has an underdog. Philly's first rushing offense, Pittsburgh's fourth against the run in the entire league.


Yeah, that's great. And the only thing that worries me is the Pickens part. That's it. Sure. They're not gonna have Pickens. That's a, that's a viable concern. And you're, you're not imagining a game script here where Pittsburgh tries to get the ball way down the field, which has been, you know, the, one of their pathways to success with Russell Wilson. He's been throwing a very nice deep ball. But that's not the way, the way that they win this game is field position, special teams defense long drives under, under, under, you're just, there you go. Laying out unders left and right. You're absolutely right. I think this has been a season about the general public underestimating things. Mm. And Pittsburgh is like the leader of the pack with that.


People have underestimated them before the season as the season was going, people kept looking for reasons and then this is the most offensive line of them all. Like the Eagles could win and and win by 14. Sure. I still think the line's offensive. I think it's a three point game. I can't believe it's five and a half. Especially with how the Eagles looked last week, barely beating Carolina, having some sniping after the game. And this is like where Pittsburgh loves to be like it, it's gonna be, the weather's not gonna be that bad, but it's a Pennsylvania game, so not, not long travel And it, to me it just feels like a 20 to 16. 19 to 16. Right. 21 to 20. Perfect.


So I was looking at different bets. Like the, the other thing is the Steelers are five and a half. So Vegas is like, we don't know, we're throwing this to the Vegas on Steelers plus four and a half on Fando is is even money. Okay. Steelers plus five and a half is like minus one 13. If you do Steelers plus four and a half with an under of 45 and a half, that's plus 1 98. It's almost two to one. Great. And I guess my question to you is, so how many points become unrealistic for a game like this? Because we, we, if we don't think the Eagles are gonna be able to run the ball, that might actually lead to more long passes. But I don't think the Steelers are gonna be able to get the same explosive plays that they used to have. So the motto for them to win is just run the ball, run the ball, control it, try to wear the Eagles out, and then on defense the Eagles stubbornly try to run against them for half it doesn't work.


And then maybe it opens up second half. But I was looking at that Steelers plus five and a half under 47 and a half as plus 1 63, another great one as many of these as you wanna do, I'm here for it. Steelers win the game outright with under 45 and a half as plus 3 28. So there's, there's some great good ones. But I normally, my instinct would be to pull the Steelers up over seven. I don't think, I think in this one, like this is, this feels like a three point game to me. And they've played these games all year and I think, I think they're gonna have a chip on their shoulder and this might be a team they see in the Super Bowl. Fyi, I I couldn't agree more with any of, of your handicap or assessment there. I I wanna just add a couple other layers.


You mentioned the special teams thing. Tell me how many field goals Jake Elliot has made of 50 yards or longer this season? Oh God, probably like one, the answer is none. Wow. Zero. He is oh for five. So if we're talking about, if we imagine a game script where it's tight, it's it's, you know, field position kind of game, those 50 yard field goals start to become important. Yeah. And then the last sort of element of it is like, who do you trust more in a game like this? Nick Siri or Mike Tomlin and you know, that for me matters. What's the best unit in the game? And I, I would say it's Pittsburgh's defense.


That's what I now if, if Philly can run the ball on them, we'll know within a quarter and the game's probably over. But I think this, to me, this feels like a close game. It feels like a field position game special teams will factor it in and I just, I like some combination of maybe it's all the way up to 47 and a half. Maybe it's Steelers plus five and a half with the under 47 and a half. Something like that. Fine. I think that's the move. Fine. Next one. Lions bills. So this is Lions minus two and a half, which is just a complete fu to the lion's defense by everybody. People are like, you didn't fool us last week.


Your team spent 38 seconds calling every play on offense and just doing everything they could to keep the defense off the field. And now you're gonna play Josh Allen. We don't trust you. My counter is that the Rams showed what to do against Buffalo last week. They ran the ball. They ran the ball, then they then play action or quick passes and they just got first downs and moved the ball. And Detroit has a better offense than the Rams. Do they have a better offensive line? I don't know how Buffalo, I just feel like they're gonna get pushed backwards the whole game. I think that's Buffalo's a team that needs the lead. And I think the lines are just gonna push him back. Push him back. Maybe there's a scenario where Josh is chasing the cover late, but I, this defense looks like an awesome matchup for the Lions.


So I'm, I'm more focused on their offense and less the defensive deficiencies. Whatcha looking at? Yeah, so this is again, kind of a razor thin coin flip kind of game. And so you're trying to find the, the teeny tiny slices that might tip it one way or the other. And, you know, if you were wanted, if you wanted to back the bills and grab the points, you would talk about Detroit's secondary being susceptible to explosives. And the bills are getting back, both Coleman and Kincaid this week. They're supposed to both be ready to play. And we saw through, through, you know, the, the tremendous comeback against the Rams. Shaki was incredible.


Allen is at the absolute peak of his powers. And if he is out of structure, you don't, you don't worry about Josh Allen out of structure, getting the ball down the field. He is the best quarterback that Detroit will have faced this whole season with a pretty healthy offense. And what I, I, one of the things I'm interested in, I'm looking at it right now, James cooked these nuts over because I do think that they are going to try and establish a little run. We're gonna go cook these nuts over 52 and a half rushing yards. But that's just a side play for me. Yeah. So that would be the case for, for Buffalo. But if the Lions win this, would it think 30 points for them at least?


Oh, I mean, the points are gonna be abundant. I don't, I don't, so, and I don't wanna do this, but I'm just saying like, if you're, if you're taking the Lions, if you're like, I wanna take the Lions plus two and a half, I would take Lions Moneyline and do over 50 and a half, sometimes like over 50 and a half Lions Moneyline is plus 2 0 6. Sure. I would do something like that. This is not gonna be a 24 to 16 type of game. I think there's gonna be points, but I feel like there's been a few times this year where Detroit's offense got discounted a little bit. Okay. Even Green Bay last Thursday night. We all love Green Bay. We ended up, actually, I think we ended up winning that bet. Yeah. But we, we won our bet because it was a, you know, we got the three and a half.


Yeah. But Detroit 34 points probably could add more. I, to me this is just a, just don't overthink it. Lions are home. They need the game. That's the other thing. It's not like they have a three game lead in the NFC. My Minnesota's one game behind them and their offense is just way better than Buffaloes, even though Buffalo's offense is really good. But like Detroit's plus 27 in touchdowns this year, Buffalo's plus 18 Detroit's net yards, they've scored almost a thousand more yards than the other team. Or gained a thousand more yards. Buffalo's had 300 Buffalo's had weeks where they, they've just looks like they've, they're like that Baltimore game, the game last week where it just feels like you can go up and down the field in them.


And I like the matchup for Detroit. Here's the thing that really tips it for me. If it's a tight game, we're in the fourth quarter and it's time to strike, start doing some math about the, the most efficient way to produce an outcome. Yeah, I don't, we just watched it. Sean McDermott just has too many in on forced errors in in this regard. Yeah. And Dan Campbell never makes a mistake. It is like Dan Campbell and the Lions are at the same level as the Chiefs in terms of like, it's an end of game scenario and I've got it mapped out and I know the correct call to make. We might not execute and we might lose the game because of a failure to execute.


But I know the call I'm gonna make and it's the right call and that's how we're gonna win. McDermott just gets it wrong so many times too often. And I don't want to be in that position of watching this great game back and forth, back and forth and, and the bills have the ball and dumb dumb McDermott makes a a a a dumb dumb call. And then they're like, God damnit, why did I invest in this team? Muscle, not pot. Like Detroit really needs the game Buffalo. They're either gonna be the two or the three C. There's urgency, but not like crazy knots urgency. Why think they can drop those? I don four. No, I don't think we're, I don't know if we're gonna get to the Chiefs, but I'm, I'm not After what we watched in that game of the Chief Chiefs night.


Oh you think they get to the one seed? Oh yeah. Yeah. I'm not ready to cross off that, that game. Possibility. Bigger game. Detroit. Detroit has to win this game. Fine, fine. That's fine. Game too. Campbell and golf at home last couple seasons Incredible against the spread. With that said, I hate betting. It's Josh Allen. Sure. We we'll take a break and then we'll hit the rest of the games.


This episode is brought to you by Chase Sapphire Reserve. Seeing a band or your favorite sports team in person is great, but it could be even better with the Chase Sapphire Reserve card. It can help turn every moment into an unforgettable experience with early access tickets to concerts and sporting events and access to some of the best seats in the house. You'll also earn three times the points on travel and dining purchases. Find your next experience with Chase Sapphire Reserve. Learn more at chase.com/sapphire reserve cards issued by JP Morgan Chase Bank, NA member FDC. Subject to credit approval terms apply.


This episode is brought to you by Peloton. Life's always changing one season. You're trying to break personal records and the next, you're just looking for a solid routine. Peloton is here for all of it with workouts that flex to fit your schedule, whatever it looks like. You've got options from four week strength programs to running, cycling and everything in between. Pelotons got the tools to adapt to whatever goal you're chasing in this season of your life. And here's the real kicker with Pelotons All Access membership. You can work out wherever you need to at home on the bike tread or row or even on the go with the app. Take your favorite classes with you to the gym on the road, wherever. So whatever you're aiming for that 5:00 AM club or squeezing in a late night session, Peloton is ready. Whenever you're find your push, find your power with peloton@onepeloton.com.


Alright, come back. More games that I like. Well there's one I don't that I stared at that I wanted to throw in Chargers minus three at home against the Bucks and I had them written down all week. I kept looking at it, kept looking at the injury report and this seems like a week to stay away with the Chargers. I just, there's something I don't like about it. The McConkey is not healthy. Dobbins is out. Herbert now has this sprained ankle situation again and I feel like this line should be like Chargers by four. And the books are trying to tell us something. The butts being a three point underdog, like I I, they didn't even look good last week, so Right, right.


It's a stay away to me house. Yeah. And it is a hundred percent the injury uncertainty. It was trending in a way that, let me go ahead and get a little bit down on the Chargers minus three. 'cause I think it's a great number for the reasons that you just laid out. I mean, the Bucks have a bunch of wins against nobody teams. They beat the Giants with Tommy DeVito, they beat Carolina in over five. They played in the n ffc sub. Right? Right. I mean they, they, they handled the Raiders because Aiden O'Connell broke his leg. Like, you know, there's a bunch of wins now again, you win, you have to play the games under in front of you on your schedule. Congrats to them. But brutal spot. What's the status of Bucky Irving that will impact the handicap?


And then what's the status? McConkey was running drills on Wednesday, so I started saying, well this is part of why I I went ahead and get, got down a little bit on that Chargers minus three. Yeah, we're away. But you can't have Herbert under any circumstances impaired at all because the, the bl the what Tampa has been doing these last three weeks very successfully against bad teams is Blitz, blitz, blitz, blitz. They've greatly increased their blitz rate and it's been successful. I know I'm coming on The Ringer Sunday pre-game on Sunday. I could see being back in on the Chargers on Sunday. I'm not doing it now on a Thursday afternoon. Sure. Great. Here's a game I do love Houston minus two and a half against Miami.


Okay, Texans off a bye. Miami's pass defense kind of getting semi shredded by Aaron Rogers, who's, who's been done for three years. Dko Ryans verse, Tua Raheem talked about that on The Ringer Gambling show today. There was a San Francisco game with Tua that was not awesome for Tua Houston's defense. Seventh against the pass, second in Sachs, second in tackles for a loss. Most importantly house we're kind of due for a good CJ Stra game. We're just dues overdue over. I know that's over, that's a thing to say.


But he's got his receivers back. Nico Collins is back. They're coming off a by. It just feels like this is a first quarter where they come out swinging, make a couple big plays. They hit two a couple times. I don't think Miami's good. And I, I think if the, to me this is a gift of a line. This line should be Texans by three and a half. People don't trust Houston. I get it. Not even sure Houston's that good. If they can't win this game, we might have to take their a FFC South title house. Just give it to somebody else. Well the cols are are, you know, sort of h hovering around interesting matchup against the Broncos. But I understand your point with this Dolphins team that I, I just can't unsee what the Jets did to them.


It looked like, you know, Devonte Adams was open on every play. It looked like Wilson was open those outs on every play, nine yard outs over and over again. I just, and it the, the secondary And Jay Ramsey looks like shit in that game, didn't he? Yeah. Right. Yes. Yes. They, they put him on an island and they're, they're just, they just cooked them. The Houston Texans do not deserve to be trusted, but I think we finally might be in a situation where you, you outlined it properly. We're not laying a ton of points. They're at home. It's off the buy. We're dying for a CJ Stroud game. And you know, we saw a version of Houston at the beginning of the season where Joe Mixon was super effective.


We're like, oh, look at this Hu this Houston team might be a, an 11 or 12 win team. Yeah. And they went through their injuries and stuff. Their offensive line is the issue. They can't really be trusted. But I like the spot for Houston. I'm, I'm in your direction on this. You know what I like the most about this game? So the Jets just finished the game last week, right? That stupid game that they gave away. Yes. And the Dolphins lose to the Jets last week. What's the line on this game? Right, exactly. It's at least three and a half. It might even be four. Yep. So instead we're at two and a half because the Jets just decided to actually have like a stroke on the field. They're so stupid.


Houston's four, here's another reason to be suspicious of Houston. They're four in one against the South. A terrible division. They've also beaten the, the text, the Bears, the Patriots and the Cowboys. Yeah. So this might be the best win they have in a while. Well, lemme put this to you because you're, you'll go through the stats and you mentioned this them coming out fast. They are one of the top five teams in the NFL in terms of scoring in the first half. Yeah. And they don't have to lay very much in the first I we can look at the FanDuel sports book to see what the first half spread is. Yeah. They're one of the worst teams. They're one of the worst teams in the NFL in the second half bottom. Yeah, I saw the second half.


Stuff is terrible with them. Right. Yeah. I hate doing those first half, but stuff you don't, you don't like the exotics, you don't wanna split it up. It's minus one and half. We saved like a point, you know. Okay. Alright. I don hit it. Listen, you made me, you did make me think. Do you think two is good? Yes, yes I do. I do think is good. Really? I do. So you're in the pro two camp? I'm a pro two guy, yes. I just can't get there under the right circumstances when he is playing either indoors or in Miami when it's 80 degrees. I think he's good. And I do think that the DJ has created a playlist for him. He's, they're spinning some, some, some smooth sounds down there where he can be super effective with those weapons.


But like under any kind of adverse conditions, as soon as they go outside, we watched it. Forget about it. Yeah, well or if he's getting impounded by the passengers, right? Yes. Okay. La last straight up game Seahawks Packers still the stupefying line to me of the week, the, the lack of respect for Seattle, Pittsburgh and Seattle were the two. I was like, wow, what do, why am I seeing this so differently? Seahawks are plus two and a half at home against the Packers. I I just don't get it the now that, and you laid out the case on the gambling pod today, but I don't feel like the defense thing is a mirage.


There was real reasons why they started to struggle defensively. All of their guys are back now. They're actually like playing really good defense. McDonald's been there for a while. They understand what he is trying to do. And then the other thing that jumped out, especially last week is they, the blocking for their offensive line went from horrific to pretty passable. Like they ran the ball down the throats to Arizona last week. Their last four wins that beat San Francisco. And they won three road games last four weeks at San Francisco home Arizona, at the Jets at Arizona. The other thing I like how is their third, they, they basically have the third best passing attack in the week. And that's been a weakness for Green Bay. So I'm trying to think of how Green Bay goes in there and just waltz and beat them.


It would've to be a pretty extraordinary Jordan Love game. And I I think Seattle's defense can actually contain them. Yeah, I mean you went through those games that they won, including the road games. Those are all high leverage games. Those are all like seasoned determining games. They lose like really any of those and they're probably out of, of the playoffs. And it's a real testament to McDonald and they did get healthy at the right time. The buy couldn't have come at a better time for them. So since the buy 50%, you know, disruption rate, we saw it against the Cardinals. You set number one in I do. Because top five disruption, that means that they're going in and not letting the offense get itself set into a scheme that, that, you know, where they can execute what they have in mind and that they're certainly not letting the quarterback get set up.


But to me, you mentioned all the offensive side that, you know, they, they, they had a zone blocking scheme. We saw Zach Charnay looked like the guy that you know, was like, Hey, yeah, look at him. Run the ball. They, they, that was really effective. It takes so much pressure off of Gino if they can run that way and look Gino from a clean pocket, nine touchdowns, two picks is, it's like the diametric opposite under pressure. Five touchdowns, 10 picks. But the Packers don't generate any, any pressure their 22nd and pressure rate and 26th in pass rush win rate. So pass, pass rush.


You, you do it, you can do it. Well they lost the last few games they lost to Detroit twice. They came back and beat the Bears. 20 to 19 Uber flu's last win. They killed the San Francisco the game when, which was a good win for them. But also San Francisco had a ton of injuries and then they beat Miami man that Thursday night. And I like the Packers. I think they're, I think they're a good team, but sure. But I don't think they should be favored in Seattle. If it was the Seattle from five weeks ago. I get it. But not the Seattle we've watched last month. So to me that's, I I think Seattle should be favored. And the rule is if, if you, if you feel like you're getting so many more points than you thought you might be getting anyway, there's a couple things we can do with this.


I think Seahawk's money line is the play. Oh, okay. Fine. But Seahawks in a teaser is kind of fun. That's one of my favorite legs of the week. Seahawks Seahawks minus two and a half is plus 1 54. Sure. Great. In That's gotta play the money line. Play it. Yeah. Maybe that, maybe you play the money line and then put them in a teaser. So teaser possibilities, I'm just insisting on one. The chiefs are minus four and a half against the brand. So it's, it's more of a money parlay than a teaser. But the Chiefs are only minus four and a half in Cleveland. Bad weather. It's the chiefs.


Nobody trusts them anymore to cover anything. The Browns are horrible. The Brown should be one. They're, I went through their schedule. The Browns should be one in 12. They're not horrible. The Browns are, they're not horrible. 32nd in DVOA this year. They're last, they're dead last with DVOA. They're getting more and more injuries every week Now. Greg Newsom is out. Yes. They can't run the ball at all. They can't run, run the ball. That is the problem at all. That's true. They cannot and compete the Chiefs. It's just gonna have to be Jamis doing stuff every week. Well, you know, who, who we didn't think could run the ball at all the LA Chargers. Now I'm not gonna say, say sit here and say that Justin, you, you're not gonna make the case for the Browns, are you?


I I like the Browns. I like the Browns quite a bit. Oh my God. Jesus. I think this is the Browns Super Bowl. And I think there's a decent chance Bowl of what to to, to, to validate their season. If they have a season where they beat the Ravens, they beat the Steelers and they beat the Chiefs. Oh, they're terrible. They're not terrible. Their defense is finally, I watched them last week against Pittsburgh. They're terrible that that was, those were short field mistake driven SC scores. Like they held Russell Wilson to under 160 yards. He didn't have, he didn't have short field. I understand. But this, this chief's situation is busted. And I I said on one of our shows this week, I can't wait to find the opportunity to fade them in the playoffs because I promise you I'm gonna fade them in playoffs.


How about, how about them in Cleveland just to win and beat Jamis Winston and a team that's missing a a cajillion guys, I'm not doing it. I I I can't endorse it. I think that the, the very wow. With with with Jamis. You've been hanging out with JJ too much? No, I I just, I just can't That secondary for the Chiefs is a, has no solution. You, you can't name the like five of the guys that the Chargers had on the field catching passes last week. And it, And it just didn't matter. They were all open. They were open every time. It's why the chiefs had to run the Anaconda offense at the end of that game to, to win. They, they had to strangle the chargers for five minutes and get to a field goal and kick that field goal.


It was their only chance to win. 'cause the Chargers otherwise would've gone down the field and won. Maybe the Chargers are good. They could be, but you can't name the guys that were catching balls at, at tight end or receiver for the Chargers. I could name them. Josh Palmer, Quentin Johnson. Those guys, they're so bad. This got hurt. You know, it was, it was stoned. Smart stone. So you don't, you don't trust the Chiefs. And yet I do not. I heard you earlier today talk about how much you like the Cowboys in a fucking tease. Wow. The Cowboys who are reprehensible. Look, you, you, you trust the Cowboys to getting eight and a half against the Carolina Panthers. Yes. I just need the Chiefs to beat the Browns. They can win by half a point.


And I win the bet. I don't, I hate it. I hate it. You, you, you could say that about every team that the chiefs, every bad team that the chiefs have, have, have won by the, the tiniest, you know, hair on their ass in each of these last, they're, they're one in and seven against the spread. But go ahead. Yeah, I know all those stats, but in a weird way you're proving my point. The Browns have Jedi mind. It's not sustainable. But the Johns have, the Browns have Jedi mind trick people into thinking they're not terrible. And they are, they're not. They're 32nd and DVOA. They're, they have a worse DVOA than Carolina, new England, Tennessee, Las Vegas and the New York Giants worse than everybody.


That number has so much. Deshaun Watson spilled all over it. What about did you see, what did Jamus do last week that you like other than just sail the ball over people's heads and make terrible plays? They, they had the backdoor cover staring them in the face. It was right there. Oh my God. The other tees I like is the Vikings against the Bears. Just 'cause I'm tired of Yeah, yeah. Oh, I'm tired of, of passing on Sam Donald. Just now you're talking. Now you're talking. Yeah. And look, you, you know, if you wanted to go ahead and, and grab my team and, and go from seven and a half down to one and a half against Spencer Rat, your team. I don't trust your team. Spencer Rattler, I don't trust your team.


The, the, the, the the closest margin of victory. I don't trust your 27th quarterback defense against the Saints. Just running the ball like 200 times against you. Makes me nervous. Alright, fine. I don't trust your team. I'm sorry. That's fine. I I'm not, I I just wanted to put it out there. I'm not gonna try to make the case Vikings minus seven against the Bears. The great Vikings weakness as you can kind of throw at them. And the Bears are 30th pass. They're, they're, that's a dead man walking team. I I Minnesota very much like this Fourth, fourth in Sacks. Not to mention all the Floras split stuff. Chicago 32nd. Yeah. The only case for the Bears is just that they played the Vikings pretty well a month ago. Yep. But now that Donald Jefferson Addison, they're all humming again.


Did you see that there was a, a long video of Kirk Cousins saying goodbye to everybody in Minnesota after the game. Did you see this? I think I said this to you. You didn't, but I love the sadness send to you. Yeah. I'm dying already. You, it's a four minute video. All the Vikings, all their players coaches stuck around in the field to, to say goodbye to him after the game. And they just, because his career's over, no, they loved him. They loved him so much that it was just guy after guy coming over hugging him. Hey man, it's great to see you. He just seems like he was the most beloved teammate ever. He's a gamer. I mean people love her cousins 2 million by being a gamer. Not very good but a gamer.


So you're down on Vikings minus seven oh a hundred percent down. And what if I talked you into Casey Money, Minnesota money? I'm not doing anything with Kansas City. I'm telling you right now. Casey Money, Minnesota money Seattle plus eight and a half is plus one 50. I You can do that on your own. I'm not endorsing anything with Chase. You're really mad about, I I'm not mad. What is it about The Ringer gambling show that the shitty teams and the bad quarterbacks are like fucking catnip for you guys. I don't get it. I laid three and a half points with the Chiefs on Sunday night and they showed flaws that are unlike flaws I grew with all the flaws we've seen outta them.


Yeah. So I'm not, I'm out on them. They are super beatable. They keep telling us who they are every single week. They're, they get down to a single moment, a single score. And they've been on the correct side of the outcome. I'm not betting on that. I'm not betting on that anymore. I'm done with the Chiefs. So there's a Minnesota tease possibility with Seattle. Okay. In, I still like that Seattle minus two Seattle minus two and a half plus 1 54. Great. Love it. No argument. I think that defense is super legit. Like Green Bay in, in Detroit got a version of a Detroit defense and we were like, oh Detroit, they're really banged up.


This is gonna be a hard spot for them. And you know, they, they, they were, they were gamers. It wasn't that that, you know, green Bay went out and went and flew all over them. But this, this Seattle defense is a different deal and we're outdoors now. I respect, you know, green Bay's outdoor acumen. I'm not suggesting that they're gonna have a problem playing outdoors. It's just a different kind of situation. Different speed. Speed. Alright, I think I know what we wanna do for million Dollar Picks. Alright, it's time. Million Dollar Picks week 15. We are staying away from Niners Rams tonight. As much as we usually like throwing a little something on the Thursday night. If we can get the pot up in time.


To me it's just an abject stay away. Rams Niners staying away. So apologies to both of those teams. We did not wanna wage on you tonight. Here's what we do wanna do and we're up 1.764 million. We won $551,000 last week house. Pretty good. First one, Steelers, we looked at this all different ways. We thought about money line with the under. We thought about Steelers plus four and a half on Fanduels even ons. Like all kinds of machinations. Both of us feel like this line is two to two and a half points too high because the Steelers defense how good it is. Such a good defense. Don't trust the Eagles passing offense. Do not love Mike Tomlin as an underdog.


Love the most, the most underappreciated discounted team of 2024. The Pittsburgh Steelers plus five and a half in Philly. We were putting $200,000 on that one. Even though George don't call me Carl Pickens is not playing. So there you go. That's our first one. Second one Lions minus two and a half at home against Josh Allen and the Bills. This is a straight backing of the lions offense. We are going in Eyes wide open. Could be a fun live hedge. Live hedge house near the end. Yeah. Yeah. Bills down 14 late. Just jump on Josh shot a middle. It, you have to get Sean McDermott out of there, but yes.


Who's your, who do you think is the best team right now? Just in general? Is it still the Lions for you but with Detroit the defense? Detroit. Yeah. Detroit. Yes. Detroit. Yeah. That's how I feel. Alright, well we get them under a field goal at home in a big game. Great. And by the way, the bills don't necessarily need the game. They're, they gonna be the two seat or the three seed Unless Casey loses in Cleveland this week. If you missed the first part of the pod house wouldn't let me put Casey at a teaser parlay. Even though Cleveland's 32nd DVOA Cleveland sucks. Don't they're terrible. I don't think they suck. This seem like a layup and house threw his body not in front of it. So I get to just send him MF or text if 20 bean against the Miami Dolphins who came very close to losing Aaron Rogers who gave up a 300 point game or 300 yard game to Aaron Rogers, which should getting kicked out the league at this point.


Texans minus two and a half coming off a bye. Wing the ball around. Yeah. We have to see whether Toronto, Armstead even able to go for, for Miami. Yeah. Overtime game for Miami. All those extra plays. Houston off the buy rested and really ready to put their stamp on the, the ba bat back half of this season. They, they have a really tough schedule. They have to win a home game like this. We are banking on this being a, Hey CJ Stroud, welcome back to the season game combined with, if the Jets had just take gear business being the Dolphins last week, there's no way this line would be minus two and a half and we're grabbing Houston 200 can that then we're putting a, a little, little teaser with Minnesota and Seattle.


Awesome. Minnesota's minus seven Seattle is plus two and a half at home against Green Bay. So we'll, we'll nudge that up. Six points we're putting 200 K on that. We don't understand the Seattle line at all. Minnesota at home against Chicago. We believe in this Minnesota team still lingering, still hoping the lions stumble and they can just hop up and grab the one seed. Sam Arnold, would you take him on the, on the commanders if he didn't have Daniels? I think he would. Oh if we didn't have Daniels, sure he, he would be immediately be one of the, the, the best quarterbacks of the past 25 years in Washington. I would take him on the Pats if we didn't have Drake May the future of the NFL on our team. I understand. I like them.


It's a great bounce back season. And then we're gonna do a little 50 k parlay of the Pittsburgh money line combined with the Seahawks minus two and a half on FanDuel, which is plus 1 42. You put those two together plus 6 38. That's Juicy baby Pittsburgh money line Seahawks minus two and a half. We're gonna put 50 K on that. I really was trying to figure out a way to work. Drake may in a million Dollar Picks in Arizona 'cause I think they actually may be dumb enough to beat Arizona this week. But we'll stay away. We don't need it. Good job. Good job. Those are the million Dollar Picks. Million for week 15 house.


We can see you on The Ringer Sunday pregame show. I might be stopping by. Can't wait. Looking forward to, have you thought about who's your underdog pick is just gonna be Pittsburgh, right? It might be. I mean I I the one of the other guys might jump ahead of me but there's a lot of great choices including the Cleveland Browns. I hope you're dumb enough to take them. We'll see, we'll see. You know who I was looking at as a possible underdog I would embed it but just for, if you're forced to take an underdog for that segment, the Ridler and the Raiders going against Atlanta in Vegas doesn't feel like the Raiders have one more dumb win in them. It's the funniest outcome for sure. And it would, it would be hilarious.


And I do think, you know, the guys, the defense for for the Raiders will will be playing 'cause they know they're really auditioning for the next head coach right. Of the Raiders. They're not playing for that guy any longer. Yeah, I thought that one jumped out to me. Seahawks are somehow an underdog. I'm sure JJ will take them. I don't mind that. Pats as an underdog pick though. Anyway, house, great to see you. Enjoy the NBA cup this weekend. I will see you next week. So thanks to House, thanks to Seth Wickersham. Thanks to Sir Rudy and Kyle and Ga How don't forget new re watchable coming on Monday. Don't forget you can find all the clips from this podcast on my YouTube channel and I think we're running video for this podcast as well.


So if you're on Spotify, just flip your phone. Just look. You might just see me in house right now. I will see you on Sunday. Enjoy the week. Must be 21 plus in President select states for Kansas and affiliation with Kansas Star Casino or 18 plus in president dc. Gambling problem, call 100 gambler. Visit rg help.com.


Call 1 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org/chat in Connecticut. Or visit md gambling help.org in Maryland. Hope is here. Visit gambling helpline ma.org or call 803 2 7 50 50 for twenty four seven. Support Massachusetts. Or call 1 8 7 7 8 Hope ny. Or text Hope NY in New York.