
It's The Bill Simmons Podcast presented by FanDuel, the NBA season Hitting full stride. Don't foul out on your chance to win with America's number one sports book BET on fun markets like Live Quarter player props and partless Plus, enjoy our new NBA player prop pages. Your one stop shop for player props that include FanDuel's exclusive performance trends. Tracking the last five games for top markets. They even do that. The app is safe, secure, and easy to use. When you win, you'll get paid instantly. So download the app today. BET with FanDuel official partner of the NBA. The Ringer is committed to responsible gaming. Please visit rg help.com to learn more about the resources and helplines available. Listen to the end of this episode for additional details. Must be 21 plus in President select state's game problem called 1-800-GAMBLER. Or visit rg help.com.


Coming up, we're gonna try to fix N NBA All Star Weekend plus hockey SNL 50 HBO lots more. Next.


This episode is brought to you by State Farm. State Farm helps you score an affordable price when you choose to bundle home and auto insurance with the personal price plan. Bundling home and auto. That's a pro move. Just another way you can save on your insurance needs. Talk to a State Farm agent today to learn how you can bundle and save with the personal price plan Like a good neighbor. State Farm is there. Prices are based on rating plans that vary by state coverage. Options are selected by the customer availability. Amount of discounts and savings and eligibility vary by state.


We're also brought to by The Ringer Podcast Network. I have a new re watchable coming for you on Monday night. We did Wayne's World in honor of SNL 50 A little bit later. Jim Miller is gonna be coming on to talk about the big three plus hour SNL 50 show and our biggest takeaways. Also having Van Lathan on at the beginning of this podcast to talk about NBA All Star Weekend. And can we save this thing? Is this just the sunk cost at this point? Plus we have some other stuff we're gonna cover. We're also brought to you by FanDuel Sportsbook. You know, I didn't do great at my Super Bowl bets and you know, I got seduced like a lot of other people with the Pat Mahomes thing. So I'm trying to make it up to you guys.


We have the seasons coming back. After this all star break, I basically forced FanDuel to come up with a playoff prop for me. And this is what we did. We are going to do Minnesota, Detroit, and Golden State to make the playoffs. Parlay plus one 60 are the current odds. FanDuel is gonna boost this for us because they're our friends. They're gonna add a 30% ringer profit boost token on all to make the playoffs and to make the play in futures. So you can take that little Minnesota, Detroit Golden State thing, which I love. It's basically gonna come down to Golden State. And I believe in Golden State. I'm, I'm with you Draymond. One of the rare times I'm with Draymond. So you could bet that plus 2 0 8 and it's gonna be available basically from when you hear, hear this podcast all the way until the Lakers Hornets game on Wednesday night.


FanDuel with a ringer Future specials tab that you can find really easily. It's gonna include that parlay and some other eligible selections. So claim the PBT and the Carousel. Apply it to my booster. Other futures bes that you like. All right, we're gonna bring in Van Lathan in one second. Pearl Jam's Coming up. I don't know if you knew this, but during the SNL 50, the music show on Friday night, Eddie Veder came out and he sang Tom Petty The Waiting, which was great, and then launched into corduroy, which is the theme for this podcast. Thank you Eddie. Here's Pearl Jim.


All right. I made Van Latham come over. We're gonna talk about NBA All Star Weekend. Your new favorite sport hockey. Yes. You're a true patriot now. Yeah, yeah. The hockey got me. It was a great watch. It was very intense competition on Saturday night. It was the three fights in nine seconds. Got you. The three fights got me. I missed the first two fights. Me too. And I got started getting emails after the second fight. Right. And then I turned it on for the third fight. But then I watched two groups of players playing at the highest level who absolutely wanted to embarrass each other in An exhibition that meant nothing. That nobody even knew what It was. No one cared. No one cared.


No one cared in terms of outside of the world of hockey. But they cared. And that is, and the People in Montreal cared. Did you hear how quiet it got the last five minutes of that game? Yep. They Were super quiet. They despondent when, when they, I learned some stuff. Now, what is it called now when a power play happens? Okay. The power play. And then after the power. When they, when they, it's even When they become even sides. When they become even sides. What is that called? Killing the penalty. They've Killed the penalty successfully. They've successfully killed the penalty. Yeah. I heard this term. When they've successfully killed the penalty, the excitement from the crowd because they didn't give up any goals during the power play.


I was on edge the whole time. I'm watching the power play tick down and I'm like, oh my God, are we gonna score? Are we gonna, You're getting roped in. I can feel it got Roped in. It's Good. Well, we're taping this before all the Monday games. The Thursday final's gonna be in Boston. USA against somebody, hopefully Canada, because I can't wait to see USA versus Canada in Boston will be awesome. But that's not why you're here. You're here for a few reasons. Yeah. We're gonna try to fix NBA All Star Weekend and decide whether it could even be fixed. Mm. Is it a sunk cost? You have a theory about Well do your expiration theory. Okay. So certain things culturally expire and Game shows. Game shows. For example, when I was growing up, Gilligan's Island and all of these shows from the sixties and the seventies were still in reruns, but they were still in reruns prominently.


Like I still knew all of these characters. I still was aware of all of this stuff. And then one day it just gets to a point, nobody cares about Gilligan's Island anymore. Nobody cares about three's company anymore. These shows just evaporate. Cheers is like this. And yet Seinfeld lives on and friends lives on. But then like Family ties didn't, so you just kind of never know when it's gonna happen. There's like a, there's A-A-A-A-A bunch of buffer years there. Seinfeld and Friends made it to DVD and because they made it to DVD, like a DVD release and everybody was like, oh my God, it's coming out on DVD.


And they lived a little bit long and syndication on TBS and stuff. They're these kids' version. And this sounds really, really bad of Gilligan's Island, of these older shows. I th I, I a hundred percent agree. So They're, that's their, this is an old TV show to a kid now. It's friends, it's Seinfeld. That's their old, it's an old TV show. But yeah. So things just, they go and they never announce when they're leaving. They never tell you, oh my God, this is the last year that this is gonna be relevant. So it can happen. And the question is, could it happen to the NBA won't ever culturally expire or ha Has it happened already? Has it to All Star Weekend to the All Star Game? Has it happened to All Star Weekend? Has that culturally expired? So a lot of it has to do with how being a sports fan has changed from the late seventies to the early two thousands to now.


Right. When I was a kid, the All Star Game was amazing. 'cause it was like George Gervin, David Thompson, people like that were never on television. So to have like some of my favorite Celtics in a game with people like Walter Davis, it was like I, I never got to see those guys play. It really mattered. That peaked in 87 Best All Star Game we've ever had though. You remember that right? Orlando Blackman made the free throws with time expired to Senator Overtime. I have No recollection of It's the best All Star Game by far. IG guarantee if you watched it, you would have a great time. Okay, cool. Goes into overtime. Tom Chambers becomes James worthy during the game. Magic's just feeding him Birds in it, Jordan's in it, everybody's in it. It's amazing. And I think the last Good All Star Game was 2001.


Hmm. Because I did a running diary of the oh three All Star Game, which was Jordan's last one. It went into overtime. And if you just look at the basketball reference like, oh that must've been a good game. It wasn't right. Oh one was the last one. I think what's changed. So I remember I got League Pass in 2000 'cause I got a DirecTV dish. I got to see all these guys constantly. Social media comes in, the internet comes in and that it's just not special in the same way to see all these guys on a court. So they have, that's problem number one. Is there anything you wanna add to that? So funny, as much as we have in common, like the different lives that we've lost in 2000, I remember how hiring somebody from the neighborhood so that I could steal cable.


And you and you and you know, you were getting the, the, the DirecTV. Mine was more illegal. 'cause I lived in an apartment. I wasn't supposed to have a DirecTV dish And I had to lie and pretend I owned the house the, to get DirecTV because it was like literally illegal to have it if you just rented. The Cable guy literally knocked on our door and was like, Hey, I done taking it off again. Don't have him come back up. I'm gonna have somebody come out here. Right. So yeah. Here's the thing. The, the last All Star Game might have been 2003. Okay. I can understand that. That was Mjs last game. He wasn't good in it. It went into overtime. It wasn't a great game. But Was that mj, Kobe? Kobe has a Red Jersey on and him and MJ are going back and forth.


Yeah. It had a couple moments. Right. However, the weekend endured for a little while longer because there were still such memorable moments from the weekend. There was Blake Griffin jumping over to Well That was 10 years. Yeah, that was the last one. One years later. Yeah. Yeah. Right. And then there was one of the greatest spectacles we've ever seen from the All Star Game. The Aaron Gordon, Zach Levine dunk contest. We're still having moments where there's still signs of life. It's still kicking, but it hasn't had a pulse. Now in a while there hasn't been anything to make you go. As a matter of fact, the only thing I can think of was Steph Curry versus Sabrina. The, the shootout that they had. And they didn't even do that this year. Yeah. 'cause you can't, M McClung is fun, but I don't care about Mac McClung.


They might as well pull somebody from the stands. He's not an actual NBA player. He's like in the G League. So at that point, just go get people from YouTube and have them dunk. It's not like Mac McClung iss playing NBA minutes. Wow. You go against your own. Huh. Interesting. Well, it was a big weekend for the Whites. It was a gigantic weekend for the Whites, but three point dunk hockey. But you became a hockey fan. Yes. It's huge Big deal. SNL 51 of the whitest TV events. Yeah, They tried to they tried to make fun of it. We know the truth though, but so look, there's just no, this used to be something to where you saw all these celebrities and all of these people there. Not because it was a corporate thing, which is kind of how it feels now, right? Kind of.


Right. Right now it feels like every time you see somebody famous, they're at the Meta party or the, the Pringles event or the whatever. It seemed like before that they just wanted to be there because it was the biggest party of the year or one of them. Yeah. You know, obviously Super Bowl weekend and other things like that. Not withstanding, but now it, it, it all feels forced. None of it feels like fun. None of it feels grounded in basketball culture in any actual way. I actually went on Twitter And I asked what killed All Star Weekend. Yeah. And the variety of answers was so wide, but they were also all plausible.


Which tells me that the NBA has not just one problem with All Star Weekend, but several, there's a player culture problem as far as how they view the All Star Game. There's a top, well, They don't wanna get embarrassed. They don't wanna get Embarrassed. They don't wanna end up on Twitter, Reddit, YouTube, you name it. 'cause they got dunked on 'cause they missed the three anything Endless highlight feed type of situation. Right. There's a top down NBA problem. Some people were saying with Adam Silver, there's the way we just culture, which is kinda The enabler. Adam Silver, The enabler, Adam Silver. So there's all of these different issues that's going on with the All Star Game. Well, the three pointers are the other big thing. Three pointer and not one clear way to fix it. Right. Not one clear way to say, Hey, this will bring the magic back to the weekend.


It's Turned into the wor So the game itself has turned into just a terrible pickup game with no defense. Now that's the way it used to be for two and a half, three quarters. But the great thing about the All Star Game was it would settle into being an awesome game. And it was always a nice little snapshot of like, who mattered that season. You'd see the five guys on each side, east versus west have a feel for like, all right, these are the guys now this is it. Like everybody else got to play now who are 10 guys that really matter. Once they started messing with the teams and doing like the thing they did this weekend. And I, I flagged it from the beginning, the rising, the four teams and one of them's the rising star.


That's just stupidity. Yeah, it really is. It's like nobody wants to see Zach Ededie and Ste and Stefan Castle, all these dudes who I like, but we don't see them on Sunday night. This is like, this is where you promote the biggest stars you have. There's nothing fun about watching these guys who have been barely in the league against like Steph Curry. They're trying to make the All Stars play. And they figure if they put the young guys out there that they were, It backfired. LeBron didn't play right. LeBron's like, I'm good. Yeah. Do you think it was weird? He just decided not to play five hours before the game. It's Incredibly weird. It's, it's just a rare loss for him because all he, there's no way you're not taking a loss and taking shit for that. So why Everybody wants to see him.


Yeah. League, we don't have to biggest star in the Allstar Games League to enjoy him. So everybody wants to see him. Everybody wants to, everybody just wants to see him out there. So odd thing. So, you know, as I tried to make myself watch it, like I didn't try to make myself happen. Well, You love basketball. We should say as to why Love basketball. So I'm going to watch NBA players doing cool stuff. We're the audience. There just wasn't NBA players doing cool stuff. That's what the All Star Game is about. It's about NBA players doing cool stuff. Even the dunk contest. You have Mack McClung doing cool stuff. He's kind of not an NBA player though, so it's, he it's still not NBA players doing cool stuff.


I you Can, yeah. The closest is Castle, who is probably like the third or fourth best spur. And the Spurs have a, they're five gig under 500. He is a rookie and he was by far the biggest star in the slam dunk contest. That's not good. He shoulda have won. Maybe he's Pretty Good. He was pretty good. But so, you know, it's just, it, it's tough man. Like there was a clip going around of the Thompson brother from up there in, in, in Detroit flying. Did you see this clip? Well, I mean, those guys are the best athletes probably in the league right now. He flew From like the restricted air area and dunked the ball. It looked almost superhuman. And I'm like, that kind of energy and stuff is what you see after the dunk contest.


It used to be one or two stars and then two or three. Oh my god, this guy's a crazy athlete guy. And that mix of guys was enough to make that night electric. And it's just gone now. We're hoping that they don't fail and it, it just doesn't feel the same anymore. Can I give you a dunk idea? Of course. I just thought of this as you were talking. What about dunk battle? Okay, what's this? It's just one guy challenges another guy at All Star Saturday. Oh. And it's just one-on-one. So like the Thompson twins are like, dunk contest two of us, let's go. And the dunk contest is just like four one-on-one just for pride battles. Like Giannis is like, you know what? I'm tired of tired of this one Bama shit, let's go dunk contest right Now.


You versus me. I would love it. My thing is, I would wonder whether or not these guys could take the loss. You know what I go back to, do you remember when LeBron was adamant about hiding the video of getting poked on at his camp when the Crawford kid? I don't remember that story. Of course. Which Crawford kid was it? Oh, it was, it Was Jordan Crawford. It was Jordan Crawford. I vaguely remember it. So, Oh my God. So Jordan Crawford dunks on LeBron at his camp and they hit the video. They like, they deep shadow protocol. Midnight boys, pew pew, they deep shadow protocol, the video. Wow. And I just remember at that time thinking this has been made into such a big deal, getting dunked on to something that happens.


Anyone can dunk on anybody. You get caught from Yeah. Behind you can get lobbed backdoor, whatever. But to me, that vision of yourself as a player and yourself as an entity is the same reason why these guys can't let their hair down a little bit and have fun at an all Star Game. Because at an all Star Game, for it to be fun, somebody has to kind of lose It's, it's competition. It's fun. Right? Somebody's gonna lose a three point contest. Remember Alan Iverson goes out there and has one of the worst performances in the three point contest that we've ever seen. He laughs about it, right? He goes, maybe I should have practiced a little bit more now with the, with what you gonna take on Twitter and how these guys are looked at.


Nobody wants to be that guy. That's ai. That's one of the greatest ever who went out there and who wasn't a three point shooter and ended up with 10 and laughed. He laughed about it. So I just think they take themselves a little bit too seriously. We take ourselves as fans a little bit too seriously as well. Well it's the pastime to complain about All Star Weekend. Right? It's been 20 years of it. This was especially bad though because it was so, so over the top overproduced. Mm. I just wanna see basketball. I don't need to see, I don't need games to stop for half hour. We don't need to honor the t and t guys forever. We don't need all these different, we don't need like a slam dunk. Let's remember Vince Carter in 2001, whatever that was.


And we gotta do that for 10 minutes and then he comes out and has to talk to the crowd. I don't know who that's for. I it's not for you And I Right. But it's also not for, you know, teenagers. It's not for eight year olds. I honestly don't know. People just wanna see three pointers and dunks and a good game. Just go back to that. Can I ask you this? Is it possible that the basketball nerds have a hand in having ruined the All Star Game as well? In What way? So with the, with the, with the three pointers or something else? You And I talk a lot about the differing style of basketball that we like. Yeah. I like seeing a motherfucker get dunked on. Yeah. Okay. I think the, I don't Not like that. I get it.


I think the league misses a Blake Griffin. Hmm. I think the league misses a Deandre Jordan at his high. I think the league misses some good old power basketball to get people up out of their seats. You know what I mean? I think the fact that we don't have as much of that anymore doesn't really translate to the All Star Game being good. Because what the All Star Game then looks like is a regular season NBA game where they're shooting so many threes, they're Jack. But when you have the best player, best players on earth, all on the same court, you kind of don't wanna see them do that. What you wanna see them do is kind of dominate each other.


You wanna see them get into each other. You wanna see all the different styles of basketball that they play. Clash. The old All Star Game was fun because you would, it would be in a situation where you had the best players and everybody would have their little one-on-one thing. It would be like, okay, this guy's gonna go against this guy. Right? Little grudges KG is gonna go against Tim Duncan, then Car Malone is gonna go against Charles Barkley. You're gonna get all of that stuff. But that's not how they played the game anymore anyway. So you're really not gonna get that in the All Star Game. That was the one of the most famous all-star games ever was 1977, the year after the merger. And Dr. Jay's first NBA All Star Game now is when he, I can't remember if he dunked on Kareem or Bill Walton.


It was one of 'em and it was one of his most famous dunks. But he like Tomahawk threw it down and he was just awesome in the game in general and really meant something. And it was cool to have all these guys in one game and that that faded out by the time Jordan retired the first time. Yeah. To me there's two issues. One is the competitiveness and two is the style. And I think you can pick, you can fix both and I'm gonna have a fix for you that I'm gonna throw. Okay. Right, right after this break.


This episode is brought to you by Michelob Ultra, wherever you like to watch the game at the arena of the bar home, wherever. Enjoy every moment of the NBA season with an ice cold Michelob Ultra. And you know, we've done some stuff with them. So they'll send me the Michelob Ultra, I'll put it in the fridge. It's really interesting what happens, people come over, they want a beer, they go, oh, Michelob Ultra. Or I've never tried one of these. I've heard you talked about it. A hundred percent approval rating every single time. Keep it nice and cold. It's delicious. There's only one way to watch your favorite teams drop buckets. And that's what the bucket Michelob Ultra stuck up on. Michelob Bocher for the NBA season MLO Bo Ultra, a superior light beer. Enjoy responsibly copyright 2025 Anheuser-Busch Michelob Bocher registered light beer at St. Louis, Missouri.


This episode is brought to you by LinkedIn in basketball, a blockbuster trade can make or break your playoff run before the deadline. GMs across the scour for the right data and insights hope their moves pay off. February 6th trade deadline this year, by the way, just like in basketball, growing your small business in 2025 all comes down to how well you can build your team. That starts with better insights from LinkedIn with unique skills and interests to the connections you have in common. LinkedIn has the strongest hiring data and insights to help you identify the right professionals so you can make the best hiring decisions. LinkedIn pairs you with the high quality candidates you need to make your business grow and flourish. LinkedIn also lets you go beyond candidates who are actively applying in a given week. 171 million LinkedIn members aren't actively seeking jobs, but they are open to new opportunities Who isn't? That's a big pool of people you don't wanna miss out on. And who knows, one of them could be your next all Star player. So hire smarter in the new year. Find your next great hire on LinkedIn. Post your job for free at LinkedIn dot com slash simmons. Once again LinkedIn dot com slash Simmons to post your job for free terms and conditions apply.


Alright Van, it's time. We're fixing the All Star Game. I'm ready. And this is the best I've ever felt about a fix. Oh wow. And I actually really feel like I, I have it Saturday Slam dunk and then the first All Star Game and then Sunday three pointer and the second All Star Game. I'm gonna explain, we need, we need the All Star Weekend. Have coherence again. It needs to be east versus west. Okay? We also need stakes. And the whole thing about, well home, home court advantage for the finals should go to which conference wins. You can't really do that when you have all these guys who could give a shit about like, I don't like Trey Young's.


Not just wait, I have a fix. Trey Young's not gonna care if the East wins 'cause he is not gonna be in the finals. Right. You know, so if you make home court the prize, you go to a 40 minute game, go FIBA rules. So it moves faster and feels different. And you have eight man teams from the east and the west, right? So we pick, we pick 24 All Stars total, but only 16 of them playing the big game on Sunday with the home court advantage at Stakes. Here's the catch. Only players from Top five Seeds can be in the All Star Game. Oh. So everyone who's in the Sunday game game is actually gonna care about home court advantage.


So I have at seven on each side, plus an eighth person who's a commissioner pick. So eight versus we start everything at 7:00 PM We have the three pointer, three point contest, first round of it, first half of the game, three point contest at halftime. And then the second half of the game. And here here's, here's what the teams would be. So we would have, so the West, these are all top five seeds, okay? Yo, Jaron Jackson, LeBron, sj, and Harden as the starters. Okay? Jalen Williams and Shang Goon coming off the bench and Curry as your, as your exemption pick.


So it's eight, okay. East Tatum Towns, Giannis Brunson, Mitchell Mobley, and Jalen Brown. And then the exemption pick would be Kate Cunningham. Okay. And we're just fucking going for it. Whoever wins gets home court advantage, everybody who's in that game is actually gonna care, right? They, this is like, we might get a game seven at home if we win this. Certainly. So then you have, then you move to the other thing. The Saturday game. You take the remaining all stars, there's a Weby aka Trey Young Garland, Dame Anthony Edwards, ad and Hero. And you have them play the eight best Future guys. Castle. The Thompsons, the first second year guys, they play those guys $2 million prize, 250 K per person. If you win eight v eight, same thing.


40 minute games and you have the slam dunk after it. So that game is the Sunday game or the Saturday. That's the Saturday game. Okay. So that's Saturday game slam dunk. That's Saturday, Sunday is three point. And then this Home Court Advantage finals game with all the top five, all the best players in the league with actual stakes. So I like it. So here's the deal. You still have the Rising Stars game. Do you have the Rising Stars game? I don't have the Rising Stars anymore. You Don Rising Stars game. I have the, I have the eight Best Rising stars against the eight remaining All Stars who weren't Top Five Seeds. Okay? So then we would have to change how we picked the All Star Game a little bit. So we'd have to have at least seven from the top five seeds to be in this game. What happens when you get a vet in the consolation against the Rising Stars game?


Who doesn't want to be there? Then Guess what? You don't get to fucking play in the All Star Game anymore. That's the other thing with this. That's my next wrinkle. What you gonna have is whatcha you gonna have? That's my next wrinkle. Oh, the game's not good enough for you. Don't fucking come next year. You're not eligible. That's it. Like, let's Adam Silver, the enabler, let's start, let's start hinting people with a ruler. Let's go. Okay, so the Lakers of the five C this year, right? Yeah. So they make it, But in, in the past you might be looking at a situation where you had a team with LeBron who was in the playing. LeBron, You're playing, you're playing on Saturday night or next year year he's not gonna wanna play. Okay? Or next year you're not in the game. This is it. Once you diss us with this weekend, you're out.


You don't get to play for home court advantage after that, right? Like let's, let's put real pressure on these dudes. It's like this is an honor and a privilege to be in this game. How much leverage do you feel like the league has to do that? I'm asking seriously. Well this is an Adam Silver question. Okay. Because Stern would've been able to do it. Mm. Adam wants to be everybody's buddy. Yeah. That's the difference. Yeah, because, So again, I'm gonna read you the teams, okay, go For it. East Tatum Towns, Giannis Brunson, Mitchell Mobley, Jalen Brown, and then Cape Cunningham is the exemption pick versus Yoki, Jaren Jackson, LeBron, SGA, harden. Jalen wins. And she go and Curry is the pick eight V, eight 40 minute games, three subs.


That's it. Everyone's playing. We're fucking going home court advantage for the finals at stake. I'm watching that. I'm Watching it too. In your revamped all Star Game is Victor Winman Winman. He's Playing on Saturday in this one on Saturday. But it's like, guess what, Victor still a privilege to be here. Go whoop on all these future stars. And by the way, next year get a top five seed so you could be in the Sunday game, Right? Because then it would lead to some, some top five seed jocking. It's like, oh shit, there's a week to go until they pick the All Star. We gotta get in there. Well It would also lead to something that I think the All Star, all Star Weekend needs is stakes in hierarchy. Because if you are a top five type of guy, right?


And you're playing in that game, not only are you an Allstar, but you're almost like a more all stary Allstar because you are playing on a team that's competitive. You, You've, you've grabbed a carrot, which I play for a top five team. So I am in our biggest profile game. Here's the other thing I forgot to mention. This is what they lose with the stupid, oh guys from different teams. And you have Jalen Brunson playing against towns and like, I like when teammates are on an all-star team together. Like this team I laid out, Tatum and Brown get to play together, Mobley and Mitchell get to play together and then Brunson and Towns gets to play together. And that's like an advantage in a game like this, right? Right. You have SJA and Jalen Williams get to play together Jam.


And those guys are playing harder because they're incentivized because they, Yeah. And it's like, hey, it's crunch time man. We're we're the two seed. This could be like a game seven in the finals, but everybody who'd be in that game, including LeBron and the Lakers, like has like at least a puncher's chance to play in the finals. And then you go down to the, to the runner up dudes like Weby, sorry, like, like you're not a top five seed yet. You don't get to be in the Sunday game. Here's the thing. Work your Way up there buddy. I get it. So these are the only two things that are gonna stop the, the idea from really shining. Number one is the NBA is going to want to promote guys like Weby, whether he's on a winning team or Not Saturday night, okay.


Huge audience right after the slam dunk. Right? And number two, I guarantee you, you get pushback from a surly vet, from a Steph, from a guy like that who's happens to play on the team that's not contending right now. 250 grand, you, your team wins. You get two 50 K. So that's your carrot. And then your stick is, you can't play in the game next year. You would really be that draconian about, I Would. I think they have to be that. But Do you think it's that important? It's not like you're taking money from these dudes. You're just saying like, look man, you didn't give a shit about this weekend, so we don't wanna have you back. Yeah. Like this. It's a privilege to be here. You're representing the league.


We're trying to build new fans. We're trying. 'cause the other thing with this, if I did that Sunday thing, I would start that at seven o'clock, right? I want kids to watch And I want kids to be up at 10 o' when We're you want start a little, so you seven o'clock Easter, Right? Seven o'clock eastern. Okay. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I want kids to watch it. Like the, the way they started last night, you had kids, it was like almost 11 o'clock at night and there's this some stupid thing and they're playing to 40. Yeah. Like it's just like, what are we doing? How important to the NBA is All Star Weekend in your estimation? I can't tell because I know they make a lot of money from it. It's a corporate event. That's what, that's what they do. I, I mean if it were up to me it would be two nights.


That's it. I think it's too many nights. I think this break is like right now there's no sports. We're taping this on a Monday. Yeah. If this hockey thing wasn't happening, there'd be nothing happening right now other than college basketball. And people put down mock drafts, Spring training, spring training's coming back, Spring training's coming back. Yeah. I saw the new Red Sox double play combo. I got a little excited about it. We got Braman. Yeah, no, I, I think they need to some sort of juice or really seriously think about not doing it anymore. So those would be my two options at this point. Our Friend. Because it, because here's the thing, it's bad for the league. It's bad to have a bad weekend where every type of fame you have is like, that sucked. I didn't like it. It's Particularly bad this year where everyone was talking about the death of the NBA, the whole ratings discussion, the conversation over the product on the court.


It was particularly bad this year for them to have a, a dud of All Star Weekend. They needed to have a good All Star Weekend. Well, and then you have dream on too, on the announcing team. Just killing it. Yeah. But that's, but that's part of it, right? That's part of the criticism. Part of the criticism is about guys like Draymond who are in those positions who criticize the product of the league. You hear a lot of people talking about the inside the NBA guys and all of that. I don't know how real that is. I I do know that I, I personally enjoy not being babied. I want to hear what people that are that invested into ba basketball culture actually think about basketball. So it doesn't bother me.


Yeah. But I can see how Draymond shitting on that idea to have the younger guys on Sunday night, how that puts a preconceived notion in people's mind that those guys shouldn't be there on Sunday night. Well, But so two things. One, he was right And I gave him credit for saying it. I, yeah. I mean, yeah. Two, You don't want somebody who's on TV when it's this like thing you're trying to push and sell to your fans just shitting on it. Right. Which I, I think is a real problem for them because football doesn't let football people do that. They don't, when the football guys are out there, everything is very like, let's go to so and so who talked to Pat Mahomes and it's like this glowy, glossy Yeah. Light set. And Mahome says nothing for three minutes.


They throw it back and Gronk is talking about what a great guy is and it's just how they do football. But I dunno, I kind of like it. I don't, I don't wanna see critical shit when I'm about to watch a game. What about something that our friend Charlamagne tha God said, yeah. That the game is just suffering from it being too close to the Super Bowl. It being too close to so many other gigantic, I was at the Super Bowl in New Orleans that there is no possible way that I was going to be able to make, make myself get up and go to an all Star Game with all those names. Right? Four days later, Four days later, You would go, if it was a good event, you would go if it was like east versus west with finals home court at stake and people actually giving a shit.


Like I've been at all Star games when people gave a shit and maybe it was just for a fourth quarter and it's fucking cool. It was one of my favorite Things. But what the idea that as the super, as the NFL season kind of stretches out a little bit. That, That they have to reconfigure. We Have to figure out how, how a way to kind of move their game away from the Super Bowl a little bit. Or else it's in the halo and the glow of the Super Bowl and the Grammys And I mean, and The Oscars, the real week to do it is that, that dead week between conference championship games and Super Bowl. Yeah. Where they could maybe do it then. But that's also a good week for basketball because that's the one week people kind of drift toward watching games night after night after night. Mm. I, the question to me is like, do they care?


And they, they claim they do. It also feels like who's deciding this? Because whoever decided the structure of this last weekend, I don't understand it. It, it's not like an entertainment person. It's not somebody who can look at basketball objectively. So who is it? Is it like the owners, like who I want, I like, I wonder who's spearheading this? Well, When you look at the things that they try to do, to me it always looks like they're trying to appease the players. Which I get it. Yeah. They're, they're a league that is run essentially by their players. The players have a lot of power in the NBA. They're the face of the league. The league pushes them in a way that a lot of other leagues don't push their players.


But it seems as if they're afraid to make the players step outta their comfort zones. Because at this point, forget about everything else. Else in the All Star Game. Forget about the game, forget about all that stuff. If we just hone in on the dunk contest, the dunk contest used to be such an electric event. Like even more so than the game for me, such an electric event Until, and then 20 years ago it started a shift and then they would have a couple good ones. But people forget the bad ones. But even if you get, this is another thing. If there's a decade span and you get three good dunk contest in Vegas, You go one out of every three, one Out of every three.


Okay. Like we can actually, that's Win for you. Okay. That's a win. Like the years that Nate Robinson won, they weren't spectacular, but people, they were memorable. And then if you get something that you can actually, they were, I mean 'cause he be, I remember leaving the stadium for a couple of those being like never again. I'm never going again. Right. So I'm saying is Dwight Howard But Dwight Howard, that was great stuff though. Was It? Yeah. You didn't, you weren't Into it. I don't like watching center's dunk in the dunk contest. Oh. But he was some kind of different type of freak. Whatever freak situation he Jumped. Should weby be in the dunk contest? No. Like how tall do we go? Weby. But Weby wasn't gonna be able to get to the point. Dwight was still short enough to where he could take flight.


Remember the Superman dunk? He threw the ball in there. It's crazy. It was nuts. Have I told you my nobody should be allowed to use props in the dunk contest rule. I feel like I'm gonna hear it Now. Well just like, what the fuck is a car doing on the court? And also we've already seen it like, come on. But I mean in a lot of dunk contests, people jump. Is a human a prop? Could you not jump over a person? I think that's about it. But I think the human has to be facing you like they're a defender. Right's. Make it look at least a little like basketball. So anyway, so what I'm saying is something as, and look, there's even cultural conversations around the dunk contest. Like I can watch on Instagram right now. Like Jordan Klingon and One Foot God and the rest of these dudes that I, that I watch on the internet Dunk Yeah.


And do dunks that are so fucking filthy. Bring them on Saturday. Now that's an interesting thing to me. I always thought, What's the difference between them and Mack McClung? He doesn't fucking play. I know, but my thing is, I would make the NBA guys dunk against them. I would say, Hey, the NBA guys, if you want to, there's guys out there and the, there's all, all they're doing is dunking. All these guys are doing is dunking, they're just dunking. Right. But there's a guy, there's, he's like a seventh grade teacher or something like that. Yeah. He's like a DJ Clark or something. I think for his name. All he, all they do is dunk. I would make, I would have a dunk contest with those guys and then make the NBA guys dunk against them.


'cause when the white boy Jordan clinging or whatever his name is, gets out there and start shining on Saturday night. Yeah. They're not gonna wanna be embarrassed. I'll put some stakes on it. I I either want real stars or just find me the best dunkers dunk, best three point dunk shooters, whatever. I, I think they made a huge mistake not putting a couple of WNBA players in the three point contest too. I just think, I think people liked the WNBA like Caitlyn should have been in the three point contest. Just period. And I would've had anes, like I I would've had at least two WNBA players And I would've made the three point contest longer. And I think it would've been more interesting. Yeah. Like they own the WNBA. It's not like it would be like this crazy cra you know, it's basically like what NBC used to do in the nineties where they'd be like, now the friend stars are going on er, you know, and they'd do those crossover shows.


Like, just fucking bring Caitlin. Why can't she be at All Star Weekend? I'm to it. She's the biggest under 30 star in either sport In basketball. Like, it, like, I I think that's kind of an Obama era idea. I don't think, you know, that that's gonna, people are gonna be down for that now. That's gonna start a real, real, real, I i real I dialogue. I know where you're going. Right Counter. Are you turning the channel? That's what we have to go back to with all this stuff is are you turning the channel? It's like Andre Jackson from the Bucks is dunking. I ca I'm pretty sure I can go get a tee Yeah. Right now and maybe come back for m mcCal trying to jump over at Kia. But if it's like three point contest and Tyler Hero just went and now here comes Caitlyn Clark, like I'm fucking watching.


I'm not turning the channel for that. So as much as we're talking about it, is it just over? I don't think it's over. I think there real fixes it. Is it, is it just over? Because if it wasn't over, this is like, it's kinda like the, the, the married couple that goes to, They're in counseling for 20 years. Yeah. They Broke up, got back together, got got an apartment And now they're trying BDSM to, you know what I mean? To kind of figure out their relationship when really what they need is to go out and be back on the party and just date somebody else.


Yeah. Like So you think the all star weekend's at bd SM Stage, I, I think some of this stuff is really getting into having parties. This Is why I'm telling Adam Silver's gotta dress up like a dominatrix and make these motherfuckers play hard again. I mean, seriously. I don't think it's that dire because I think if you have stakes and you have stars, you can still win with a basketball sporting event. And here to bring a full circle to the hockey, we just watched all these Canadian USA dudes really give a shit. It wasn't just the three fights. Yeah. That game was really, that was like a game seven. It was physical. Like MCA Boy had that awesome check on McDavid, like nobody hits McDavid like that. They were, they were Flying, killing Each fucking, they really cared. They were. So You can't tell me that these guys in the NBA, you can't pull that out.


They're playing an All Star Game. Something now. I'm so I get what you're saying. We know it's there. You gotta pull it out. I know they're well, wow. They're, they're, they're, they're playing for something in that sense. Yeah. I I don't mind your idea. I don't mind your idea because it would be interesting for me. This is the thing, a lot of these things that we're talking about, they, they make the game interesting for me. And that's important for you. Yeah. That's important. Well, I would really care if the Celtics had a chance to get home court in the finals. 'cause they won this All Star Game. Certainly. Now I'm watching that with like Celtics friends. What are you doing to make it interesting for them?


For the players Gotta be money. Well, home court matters gotta be money. Home court matters for the top five seeds. That's a real thing. And then for everybody else, money Throw money at it. Throw Some money at it. Yeah. They worked for NBA Cup, they threw money at NBA Cup. And then people, the guys that played kind of gave a shit about It. Yeah. They kind of, they they wanted to get out there and play. I mean, look, think about it man. If you win $250,000, I mean, that's one. Not Nothing. Get donate that to somebody One night at Onyx for, for James Harden. I mean that's, that's that's a Tuesday at Onyx for, for for Harden. That's great. It's fantastic. It's a big win for him. So look, I I know, I remember baseball in the past.


I I remember them if I'm correct. They went to doing Home Field Advantage for the All Star Game for a while. Yeah. Now did they, they stopped after a while though, Didn't they? But it had the problem that we're trying to fix with this, you have guys in the game who don't care 'cause they're not gonna make the World Series. Right. So what do they care about? You know, a game where a game seven in the World Series is, in this case, if you had all the top five seeds, they're gonna care. Let's take out one more break and we get to RAF Beeps. Okay, cool.


Hey, it's Bill Simmons from The Bill Simmons Podcast. And this episode is brought to you by Intuit. TurboTax didn't file with TurboTax last year. That's in the past now. Taxes is getting the TurboTax app and filing your own taxes for free. If you didn't file with them last year, filed by February 28th, all tax forms all 100% free. Now this is taxes Intuit TurboTax, new filers and filers who didn't use TurboTax last year. Only must start and file your own taxes in app by February 28th. Excludes TurboTax Live full terms@turbotax.com.


This episode is brought to you by vrbo. Private Vacation Rentals with vrbo. You always get the whole house so you and your fellow fans can cheer on your team in peace. What's worse than watching a game with somebody who's not rooting for the same team? You're rooting for nothing. But that's why if you book a vacation house with vrbo, you know all the people in your house, they'll be friends, they'll be family. Ideally they'll be the ones who also root for my teams. Plan a winning vacation. Make it a vrbo,


Kendrick versus drink Day two 80. I it's like the Aran hostage crisis. It's a long, long time. Three 10. Yeah. Still going. Kendrick's having like, this is like driven Kendrick to like a plus plus levels. He's just dominating coming off Super Bowl show Drake still seems like he's interested in continuing the beef. He's like keeps coming out of his corner. The corner. The trainer's like, no, no, no, I'm gonna throw the towels And I wo around, wo around. Is this the last wrap beef ever for you? No. No Possible. The last huge one. No. So this is just gonna keep happening. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. There'll always be one. There's just not enough room on the mountaintop for everyone.


There'll always be one if the, the moment that they, that rap beats beefs in, there's no more hip hop. So we need, it's fundamentally, we need this in the deal. Fundamentally, you have to have it fundamentally, you have to have like, I hope everybody's paying attention right now to like what Kanye West is doing. Kanye West like made it like he had all of these philosophical reasons for hating Drake during that whole time. Back in the day when me and Kanye were, you know, going back and forth or whatever. When we went back and forth TMCI actually emailed Kanye and then he emailed me back and he went through this whole rant and in the middle of the rant he just mentioned Drake for no reason. This is 2018, he's missing Drake for no reason.


It's like, 'cause the radio is playing Drake. Drake ain't talking about nothing. I was like, this guy must really not like Drake. But really the reality of it was that the only reason why he had a problem with Drake is because Drake was on top. Is 'cause Drake was threatening him. And Now you see Kanye, that's, That's why most rap beefs happen. Yeah. Kanye's sniffing around a little bit and he's acting like he wants it with Kendrick now. So there's always gonna be that one That's like, he's like the crazy guy in the street who's just yelling outside somebody's Window. But there's always gonna be this competitive thing in hip hop, just like there is in sports to where some guy's gonna wanna take with some other Guy. Well the reason I ask why is this gonna be the last big one is because Drake lost it so decidedly. I wonder if it becomes like NBA all Star Weekend where it becomes not worth it.


The risk reward thing is almost too great. 'cause Drake would be this casually, everyone look back at other people think he's just gonna, he'll go away for four months, come back and it'll be fine. Well the problem with that is, is that you're never gonna, the rap beef, You don't have as much control over. Right. Because somebody can decide that they're gonna dish you for any reason. And once they do, you almost gotta say something. So that's Well, if you're on equal footing, If you're on equal footing, yeah. Sometimes if you're not on equal footing, sometimes you can let it slide. Some guys don't choose to let it slide. With this one, it's particularly interesting because I'm starting to think that this rat beef is going to do irreparable harm to hip hop.


Okay, explain. This is tearing rap apart. Like it's one thing to, if you have, if you take any of the other beefs, right? If you take Jay-Z and Nas, if you take big and Pac, if you take, well they Big and Pac both died. Yeah, but not 'cause of no rap beef. That was over. No, but yeah, but it, it Tied together somehow. Yeah. Yeah. It was like just messing around. But that was really over some other shit. Sheet y shit. Y'all can go to vlad tv.com if y'all wanna, you like, he got the whole scoop over there. VLA got the whole scoop. But this has become such a flag planting by each side that the seriousness of the allegations.


And there's always been serious allegations and like, you know, some hyperbole and all of this stuff. But right now it like says something about you if you're a Drake fan, it says something about you if you're a Kendrick fan. And it's like, it's this weird hip hop version of the Democrats and the Republicans and the division that we see politically and culturally like in America, like in music. And that just means that everybody can't party together. And you have Kendrick who's actually saying it's time to let the party die. And then you got the girls that's going, well we still wanna shake our asses. Is it okay if we shake our ass and then we don't really know if it's okay?


Is it okay if we don't care about some of the social causes and issues that Kendrick cares about? And I personally don't. I think you should care. But there's always been a part of hip hop that was just about the fun. This is casting people in such distinct roles and it's so vicious. Maybe I'm getting older, I could be getting older, but it, this one is so particularly vicious with the fans going at it and really trying to sabotage each other that it feels like it's time for everybody to take they foot off the gas a little bit. Just like relax. Well, the internet in flu, in full bloom, we've never had for one of these. The way we have the internet and the shape it's in in 2025, Particularly this post Elon, every no holds barred version of Twitter associated, No holds barred.


Yeah. Every no hold barred internet in every respect. Right. Because Even if, And you can go as personal as you want. You can do AI stuff now there's all these different ways you can make the other side look bad. Right. And so like right now it's getting to the point to where Okay. So Drake dropped. It came out. It was very successful for them. Wasn't my favorite music in the world. The one Friday, The one that just came out. Yeah. Sexy songs for you. Drake and p and d wasn't my favorite music in the world. However, you could listen to that and tell that somebody gonna like it. And it doesn't mean that you have it, it doesn't make you a bad person, or like, it doesn't make you an an asshole if you like Drake. Yeah.


And it doesn't make you righteous. If you like Kendrick, like they're, they're both two entertainers that, that represent and do different things. And while I probably gravitate a little bit more towards, no, not don't probably, I gravitate a little bit more towards what Kendrick does. Yeah. I think he's a very important, very important artist with really something to say and really represent something. I like a lot of Drake records And I always have liked Drake and I've always liked listening to him. So I just think it's being taken a little too far now. A little too far. Now take your foot off the gas a little bit. My son Ben Simmons. Not the Clipper's, Ben Simmons. He says it's over Drake's dad. Nobody cares. That's his 17-year-old LA take.


I'll be honest with you, it, Drake was beaten in this as decisively as I've seen any rapper ever beaten in any beef. Was It like a form in Frazier? Wasn't a form in Frazier? 'cause that joint was two rounds, but I would say it was Pao Marquez four. See, not, it's not Mayweather. Gotti. 'cause Mayweather Gotti was, you know Ali Cleveland Williams? Oh hell no. If you guys ever wanna see a killing machine, go watch Ali versus Cleveland Williams or Ali. It was No. You know what?


It could be, it could be, it could be a Haggler Hearns. I'll tell you why. So it's a short, It's longer than three rounds though. Longer than three rounds. Yeah. Or, or short fight With a lot of action. With A lot of action. However, at the end of it, Haggler brutalized, Tommy Greatest, greatest, one of my greatest boxing photos ever. Haggler like this with his hands up and in the back you can see Hearns being like carried back to his corner. Yeah. Fucking classic. Yeah. Haggler brutalized at the end of it. It was, there was, it was clear. They both went crazy. But it was clear. Very clear and decisive. Who the tougher motherfucker that Haggler.


Do You give Massachusetts credit for Haggler or no? I thought, Oh well, yeah. B Broxton, right? Brockton, yeah. Half hour from Boston. Brock, Boston. 35 minutes Brockton In Brockton. So is that Boston? Oh yeah. Oh, that's why he was so mad because he grew up black in Boston. So he had to, he had to beat. Why Did I, why did I Up for that? Why did I do that? That's, That's why he was so pissed off. That's why he was beating people up like that, that he had to Do it. That was the hardest fight for me. 'cause Sugar Ray was my guy, but Hagger was basically a Boston team. So I, I picked Sugar Ray because Sugar Ray was my favorite from like the 76 Olympics on Sugar. Ray won. Won a fight. He won a fight. He out. I thought he did. It's one of the great arguments though. He Ed it out.


There's Other people who were like passionately convinced Hagger won. And they get really mad if you bring it up. Is this is, I just think he was sloppy and, and wasn't landing and he was off balance the whole fight. I didn't think he fought a good fight. This is gonna sound so crazy. And people wonder about these obsessions I've had, I've watched two different broadcasts of the fight. Hmm. Like I've watched the broadcast. I'm not surprised to see me blinking. And then I've watched the, I've watched the fight with the sound off as well. And so it Oh, sound off is important. 'cause the crowd was really behind Leonard And the, and the, and the announcers too. He made a couple tactical, tactical mistakes, but I was doing all of that stuff for a podcast. But they, they, he made a couple tactical mistakes.


He came out, I think Haggler came out Orthodox. Yeah. And he's a softball. He tried to box with Leonard a little bit. He made some mistakes in the fight. I do think that had there been a rematch that Hagger would've fucking destroyed Leonard? Well, he went to Italy. There was no rematch. Yeah. He, he couldn't, he he, he Was Hagger wasn't the same after the Mugabi fight. He was kind of, he had a lot of boxing miles on him at that point. Wasn't the Same going into the Mugabi fight either. Early Eighties Hagger against that version of Leonard. He he knocks him out. Yeah. I mean, what, once again, this is Leonard at Middleweight. Leonard had come up from 47. Right. Or maybe He was, but he was smart. He planned out. He would steal like the last 20 seconds of rounds. Like he really figured out how to win a scorecard Yeah.


Against Marvin Agar. Anyway, Anyway. But look it, I get it. Drake lost the wrap beef. It's it's over. He lost decidedly. Yeah. But what do you do after you've decidedly lost the biggest wrap beef at least of the last 10 years, right? Oh, this might be the biggest wrap beef last 12 years. It's certainly the biggest rap beef of 2020 first Century. I I, I could make an argument and look, you'd have to get Ninth Wonder. You'd have to get sway. You'd, you'd have to get Ebro Charlemagne, all of those guys that live and breathe hip hop.


I can make an argument. This is the biggest rap beef ever. Hmm. I can make an argument. This is the biggest one ever. Yeah. It's a it's tied to the generations too much though. Why would you? It's al it's almost like arguing about different eras of basketball. Well, but the only reason why I say it Is because Biggie, Tupac was like, it, the, the whole art form was still evolving as that was happening, you know? And it was, it was so tied into like this incredibly influential decade. I get it. And I, I was there for that one too. And, and here we're, we're already set. Music is, music is what it is. Everybody's figured out their versions of had it. So it's like, it's almost amazing that it got to this point. I didn't think it was possible, But that's what makes it different to me.


Yeah. So big and pop come out and remember there was also some personal stuff that was going on in that beef as well. Oh yeah. There's some here too, but not quite as much. This seems to be different to me because it's almost more akin to Jay and Nas because this is the culmination of an entire generation of hip hop work. Hmm. You have two guys that come out roughly around the same time. Drake beats Kendrick by two or three years as far as on the national scene. And then for a decade, a decade plus, they dance around each other. They, they poke at each other. There's disses on records, there's references on records, there's interviews, there's all of this stuff.


But these two guys along with Cole, are recognized as the two biggest stars of their era. These are the two biggest guys in that era. And then they essentially fight or spar or battle for the, the kingdom of that era. They battle to decide whose music and who's more influential, who matters more. And there's so much behind it. You're talking 10 years of work. You, you're talking two different outlooks on hip hop. You're like two completely perfect foils. Even down to the fact that one guy represents this long legacy of hip hop that comes from Southern California, from Compton.


Think about all of the Compton Artists post OJOA, all of That stuff, right? And then you have one guy who is an upstart coming from with a new style of hip hop, The grassy high zone, Drake, the Grassy, all of that stuff. But still has roots in Memphis. Right? It's almost like it was, And I don't wanna overstate it, it wasn't just a hip hop battle, it was a cultural litmus test in a way. Which is another reason why I think people are taking it so, so seriously. It was like a battle to, to of what the truth of hip hop and hip hop culture is. So it was very, very, very high stakes. And the song that won was obviously a song that accused Drake of a lot of things.


But the one thing that accused Drake of more than anything was not being a part of hip hop. And so it just ended up being incredibly high leverage in a way that I don't think that I thought it was going to be. So I can make an argument that like this because of those reasons that this is the most consequential one that I can remember. Well, the other way to help your argument is the best song that came out of this whole Beef becomes one of the best songs of the decade. Yeah. At least most famous, most influential will be most discussed 20 years from now. And people are like the 2020s. What were the big songs? It'll be one of the first ones mentioned. All the other rap beef songs, none of 'em hit the heights that this did.


No, I mean this is basically, I'm not gonna say Michael Jackson thriller territory, but like that one level Below record. Well, it was gonna be difficult for first off Fuck Your Bitch and the click you claim to really, really go pop. So it it was, it it, it was gonna be diff it was gonna be difficult for that to really, really go pop. But I would say that culturally hit him up was being played in the club. Like this is different. This is a number one. They Weren't playing hit him up at the Super Bowl. They weren't gonna play him up. It's like Aaron, it's halftime a Charger's, Niners here comes hit him up, Here comes pac. Oh, he is got a lot of red on, but they weren't gonna play that. But this one, it went everywhere.


And that was also, once again, it was kind of Kendrick saying, you know, not that he hadn't had hit records. It was Kendrick saying, I can make a hit record that dances on your grave. You, you know, for the making the people dance, I can have those same people dancing on your grave. And he did that. It's a tough one. I don't know how Drake bounces back from it. It's also, there's a talent issue too, as successful and great as Drake's. Some of his stuff has been Kendrick's just levitating at a slightly different level. He's, Whether you, how much you like his music, whatever, like he's the, the best artist that the genre has produced in the last 12 years. Drake is insanely talented. Kendrick takes himself.


Kendrick is Kendrick's a one-on-one. He'll never be recreated. He makes more important music. He, he, I think the music that he makes is probably a higher difficulty. I don't wanna take anything away from Drake's talent, but I don't want, but he's, he's insanely talented. Kendrick, you can't make that many great hits without being talented. Do is something that we ain't ever seen. I mean, and, and, and we knew this. He's just, it's almost like he didn't wanna, like, he's something that we ain't never seen before. To me, to me. And a lot of people would feel that way about, about other artists, about Drake. But like Kendrick's ability to communicate but also to be relatable, all of that stuff. He's, he's, he's just different to me.


You think Drake 'cause Kendrick's short, I think Drake really missed a, I think like his dis response could have just been like an entire short song. He, He talked about the fact that he's short though, But he didn't really go after it. Yeah, I think that's like his one move left and it'll probably be clumsy and not work. Well he Should have sampled short people. Just the whole short song just like, just mocking Kendrick for being short. It is like his only move left. Now the problem is, is that you'll do that. But the reality is like Then you look thin skinned. No, it is an extra thing with Kendrick. 'cause Kendrick on one of these records, Kendrick says it might be on Dodger blue. He says, have you ever ran a fade then ran three more back to back?


If not then shut the fuck up and keep it wrapped. And that's basically he's saying like, if you wanna fight, we can fight. You know what I'm saying? If you wanna fight, like we could fight too. You, the thing is with how, how psychotic he's, we've seen that he is, you just don't know the level that he won't go to. So it's like the best thing to do is just to rap about it. Just rap and Well, Kendrick's going on tour, Going on tour And this will just keep going and going. It's time to let it go. But Kendrick does. Kendrick doesn't wanna, Kendrick's not letting it go. He Doesn't wanna make the mistake of orienting his career around Drake. No, you won. Get back to pushing the culture for like you always have. You've done the victory lap. There's no bigger victory lap than the Super Bowl.


Get back to doing the, Alright, so you're Drake's Tom, Tom Hagen, you're his conciliary, he hires you for a week. What are your two pieces of advice for Drake? Okay, Two pieces of advice. First of all, Tom Hagen not a wartime conciliar. So, well How about this? Maybe he was, they just didn't give him the chance. But maybe Sonny was, they Just decided he wasn't. 'cause he May maybe Sonny was just a terrible, lemme Tell you what, my crowd, my friend, She was the best. And I've had him all over the place. Now you get your ass out of here. He doesn't get that movie. What would I tell Drake to do? Number one, the first thing I would say is just remember that you're Drake. Yeah. Okay. Remember that You are literally the artist of the decade for the 2010s.


So number one, it's going to be okay. Yeah. Right? Take a breath, go to Booby Trap, chill out for a second. And also remember why people love you. They don't love you. 'cause you are the most devastating battle rapper of all time. They don't love you. 'cause of that you already curled outta one battle. They love you 'cause you make hits. So come back with some fire chill and come back with some fire. And I'd say something else. I said this on higher learning and Rachel disagreed and the entire audience disagreed. Oh, I can't wait. If I were drank, if this is possible with Jay-Z running things right, because I know they don't have the best relationship. If I were Drake, I would do the Super Bowl next year.


Interesting. Yep. If I were Drake, I know it seems like he's coming behind Kendrick, but lemme tell you what, if Drake does the Super Bowl next year, lemme tell you what could happen. Number one, he can do something, he can answer the Lil Wayne question because Lil Wayne wants to do the Super Bowl. Lil Wayne and Drake could do a whole set at the Super Bowl then Drake looks like for the entire south, which likes Drake anyway. Oh, so now this is, it's almost like politics. You're trying to win the South. You are like, now it looks like Drake is the one who, it looks like Kendrick took the Super Bowl stage away from Wayne and Drake is the one who gave Wayne his due. You can do the young money thing. Drake could do a whole Super Bowl. Whereas Kendrick did a Super Bowl that was very dedicated to his audience and didn't have some of the hits that he knew before.


Drake could do a whole super bowl of just hits. It could be just hits if people talking about they love hits D Drake could do such a low stakes Super Bowl. Yeah. I'm talking about nice for what Hotline Bling Miss me. I'm talking about so many joints. I'm talking about all the joints with Lil, and it could be hip hop 'cause he could have gunna and Lil Baby out there. If those guys will be on the same stage. He could have thug out there. He could have literally a Super Bowl full of hits and pop records and people would like it and he could leave reasserting. Right. But that's 11 months from now. I Know for that 11 months. You gotta oof. I mean you do The Will Smith, You chill, you're Just gone.


You chill. I mean, he already dropped the album so he probably gonna, he, he's on tour. Ben Simmons think he's dead. He's not dead. He said it's it's done. He's like, nobody cares about Drake anymore. Ben Simmons quote, my 17-year-old son who knows everything. That could be true, but I, I don't think it's true, but that a lot of people care less than they did. But even his back catalog, even his back catalog is enough that Drake will never be out of the public house. I like your idea of him attacking different parts of the country correctly. Almost like he's running for an election. He's like, all right, where, where's Kendrick week? I can get him in the south. Can I get 'em in the Northeast? Like just start picking different pockets culminating in the Super Bowl show.


Also, I'll just say this, Drake, his, his support was cratering a little bit before this. Hmm. Because Drake had, in my opinion, made some really weird moves. Like the decision to kind of support Tory Lanes and dismay the stallion where when black women had been the ones that had been supporting Drake and, and like, even when other black men would be like, ah, Drake too soft. I don't like the way it was black women that held Drake down and really like, really kept him at the superstar level. And I just remember when he made the decision to make light of men getting shot and to outwardly support Tory like that, a lot of women were like, what is he doing?


Like, what's the deal? And so a lot of the insulation that he would've had from getting his ass lit up like he did, was gone for a lot of different reasons. Right. For a lot of the, he, he had decided for some reason before all of this started to go heal a little bit. Mm. And I, Yeah, but it's almost like wrestling. I always feel like pop artists, different musician, different genres. You got like an eight to 12 year shelf life. Yeah. And Then you gotta start figuring out next acts. Like you think about even like somebody like Hulk Hogan, right. Comes in, hits big in the 84 range. And by the time we get to like when he turned in WCW 96.


Yeah. Yeah. That was like 11, 12 year mark because it was like his character had run its course. The way he was doing it. It's gotta flip it now I'm gonna dark, dark my beard to become Hollywood Hogan with think about how many musicians have been able to even hit musicians, make big hits, have been able to last longer than 10 years. It's, It's Not a lot comedian, by the way. Another one is funny actors like comedians, like comedians in movies churning out like funny stuff that we care about. It's like eight to 10 years. But Those comedians, Then they have the Audible, then they start, You make a drama, start doing drama. Now you go, now of a sudden you're on like a, a streamer show. Right. Like you gotta start. And I think it's really tough to stay relevant in music for that long because eventually the new kids that are listening to it are gonna determine who's hot.


Yeah. And they don't wanna root for like, they don't wanna like their dad's music. That's true. They want their own music's True. But once again, another reason why it was smart that Kendrick did it, the timing. He, he Drake was at kind of a little low, a lower point. He's still making hit records. CLB for all the dogs, all those things still sold really well. And he hit him when he was down a little bit. So we'll see. But everybody, it's okay to like Kendrick and Drake. It's okay to Van Lathan just trying to heal America. Hey, it's okay to pull. Hey good music. Not like us. Didn't listen to Family Matters. Yeah. It's okay to listen to pushups like and Euphoria. You can listen to. I listen to nonstop this morning when I was walking the dog.


It's okay. You guys, you guys can like both guys. It's okay. It's alright. And if you have your Kanye playlist, maybe roll the windows up as you're jamming along to it right now. Some of them records gonna get played. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. Some of them records gonna get played. It's tough. He's a lot of great Huh? The, the, the guy, the Gaza, the, the, the Gaza. He, he's a, he's a real, it's tough real. It's, it's tough. It would've been nice like six years ago if he just like moved to Australia and just started raising cattle and Yeah. Just moved to a different point in his Career. Yeah. You know what, I don't wanna talk about cotton. He's an antisemite And I don't wanna piss anybody off. It's, it's Rough. Yeah. It's, it's Not great.


Yeah, not great. Meant a lot to my family over the years. Yeah. Not awesome. Not a great, not a great turn of events. It's just like, it, it's just weird. You can't, you can't but then It, you're not cranking it at a July 4th party. Yeah. It's all of the lights. Like, hey, I got seven Kanye songs in a row here for everybody. What About all of the lights though? What about street lights? What about, that's The thing. That's why you roll the windows up. We're all out Van Lathan good to see you. No problem. We're doing re Watchable Van's gonna be on re watchable on Monday and then Higher Learning and Ringer Reverse as well. Thank you.


This message is a paid partnership with Apple Card. If you wanna take control of your finances, apple Card is where it starts. A credit card that can give you up to 3% daily cash back on every purchase. I have one. I can tell you this is true. I know and love Apple Card. So many places I can use it, especially during a busy time here with football, basketball, the holidays all at once. I can use my Apple card on tickets to a game, a gift for my dad or even tickets as a gift for my dad. Plus, anytime there's a new Apple product, it's a lot easier. Apply for an Apple card today. It's easy. Just go to the wallet app on your iPhone. Again, that easy. Subject to credit approval. Apple Card issued by Goldman Sachs Bank, USA, salt Lake City Branch terms and more at apple card.com.


This episode is brought to you by the White Lotus Season three. One of my favorite shows. Beautiful locations, twisted characters, unexpected scenarios. The White Lotus is gonna Thailand, you know, I'm excited. I mean we're doing Prestige TV again. Me, Mallory and Joanna Robinson. We're doing right after every show putting a recap episode on the Prestige tv. Same luxury new reservations for all of us. How are they gonna make the show better? The answer is the show's great no matter where it is. I'm excited to be in a new country with our weird, mysterious, probably creepy white lotus gang. But I love the show. Watch a new season, the Emmy award, winning HBO original series, the White Lotus new episodes now streaming on Max.


Alright. We couldn't let SNL 50 go by without an appearance from our friend Jim Miller, who has been on here many times. He wrote the oral history of SNL, his and an even bigger SNL student than I think I am. Which I don't even know how that's possible. But we just had a three and a half hour Sunday night show last night that featured almost everybody ever who's been involved with the show, who's still alive. What was your biggest takeaway from last night? Well, listen, I think it was pretty good. You know, I, I loved Adam Sandler, Eddie doing tracing Morgan And I could watch all day, particularly given Eddie's tortured history with SNL.


It was just great to see him back. You know, the world's a difficult place when things work out between people and there's not contention and people forget about things. You know, bill Murray saying something nice about Chevy Chase. It's, it's time. It's all good. I miss Bill Hader, you know, wish he had been there. Tina continues to be terrific. But there was enough, there was enough good stuff going on that made you feel like it was, it was worthwhile. I think one of the coolest Sandler I thought kind of, I don't know if anyone wins a three and a half hour SNO episode with that many people in it, but Sandler's thing was great and it was, when you saw him, it was like, is this gonna be funny?


Is it gonna be pointy? Is gonna be both. But he really nailed it. And then for me the highlight was just seeing Eddie Murphy and Will Ferre on a sketch together. 'cause I think those to me are the goats. Those are the two best people in the history of the show. I Mean, and by the way, with Adam, let's not forget that Jack Nicholson introduced him. Jack hasn't been seen. And I mean, unless you're in certain parties or whatever, that's a big deal. And it was, it was wonderful for, for, for that to happen. But, you know, Eddie Murphy being on the NNH is just incredible still. I mean, he's safe. You And I have discussed this before, but Eddie saved the franchise. Yeah. Without a doubt. I don't think if, if that 19-year-old Eddie Murphy hadn't come along when he did, we're not talking about SNL 50.


Oh, there's no question. And not, not only that, but I think he was the only person who was probably overqualified to be in the show. Like, hey, he ascended out of it. It was like, he was like moonlighting on the, on the show almost by the end where I don't, I don't know if that phenomenon's ever been recaptured. Well I will say though, Kristen Wig, I said, I told her she gets big, big, I don't know. I mean she came on after bridesmaids, she stayed on the cast after bridesmaids. That that's pretty impressive. Yeah, You're right. Yeah. A couple people have done that I guess. But yeah, that, And she got, and Kristen got one of the great send offs of all time. Do you remember that? Yeah. M Mick Jagger singing to her and her dancing with Lauren.


Not everybody gets that kind of sendoff. So the big people missing hater and we don't know why they didn't come. But Hater and Royd I think were the two that jumped out to me the hardest that feel calling Quin. Yeah. But I think Hater would've been involved in multiple sketches. 'cause you think like Molly Shannon was in multiple sketches, you know, the, the, the way they were using different people and how, how great hater was as a glue guy. I just think he would've been all over the place. So he was, he would've Been all over Fred Armon was in a lot. Yeah. You know, I, I think, look, I don't, I don't know. I didn't talk to Bill and ask him exactly why the awkward thing was a little suspicious because at one point he said, it depends on who asks me and what they want of me.


And it seemed like there was a bill of particulars attached. And as Lauren has said many times to people, we don't negotiate with terrorists. So maybe he was unwilling. Right, Right. And then Dana Carvey was the other one that I was surprised by because he's been on the show this year and he had said he was looking forward to being on it. So I'm not sure what happened with that, but I think he would've been involved. Yeah, without a doubt. Without a doubt. Particularly given, I mean, Martin Short had was was visible, very visible. And I think Dana would've had a lot to do. So do you feel like part of it was SNL 40 felt like the original version of this and the 50th is, you know, they're, they're basically rerunning a lot of the stuff they did in SNL 40 with 10 years of newer cast members, only a couple of whom have calmed even 20% as close to hitting the heights of some of these other people.


You know, you may be onto something. Look, I was there at 20 at the 25th and that was outrageous. 'cause nothing like that had been done. Remember last night they did not have a dress rehearsal. So this is the equivalent of Lorne and the writers flying Blind. Blind because one of the gray luxuries, right? You go in eight o'clock, you throw everything against the wall, you see what sticks. You can figure out what belongs in the show, what doesn't. And also more importantly, sometimes the order, right? I mean yeah, you get a real sense of it. I mean, occasionally they'll screw up and put Wayne's World at 10 of one. Yeah. The first time it aired. But, but they had no dress rehearsal. And I think maybe it wasn't that it was derivative bill, but that it, because they had done the 40th, the way they did it, it was like there was some muscle memory.


Like, we can do this. We'll have, we'll still have the monologue. We still need a big music act. We still need a big closing music act. And then of course it's the emotional arc that you just referred to with, with Adam. Right. Which is you're gonna have uproarious sketches, then you want some poignancy, then you want some memory. I thought, I thought one of the great things about Adam also was that they snuck in a memoriam in there too. Right. It wasn't just like a capital M Oscars or Emmy memoriam. You saw Jan Hooks, you saw Phil, you saw the people that Norm McDonald, you know, unfortunately, couldn't you? Of course Norm. Yeah. I mean, that couldn't be there. So that was an elegant way of doing it.


And you know, they did that in the 25th in terms of recognizing people who, who had passed. And so I think that they, I'm not saying they used the same playbook, but it certainly felt like, you know, there was that DNA of 40th anniversary there. Yeah. There was some stuff that didn't surprise me. Like you knew Paul Simon was gonna lead the show. That was just the way it's gonna go. Paul and Paul. Yeah. Open and close with two, two of Lauren's best friends. Yeah. But Paul was like, you know, he was, he hosted the second show, which was basically, it turned out to be a Simon and Garfunkel reunion. The sketches were shoved to the side. And I think Lauren was so worried after that first show to what would even be in the second show.


He, he geared it towards Simon. And then Simon became, you know, this guy that's been on over and over and over again. And Now, you know, it's pretty striking how old he looked and how old McCartney looked. And he'd be like, that makes sense. 'cause this show's been on for 50 years. Yeah, Exactly. But you bring up a good point about the second show. You know, I feel this way about the Sopranos and there's actually, somebody should really do it would be a really cool article. You get the first show and you're spending so much time thinking about the first show, right? And then all of a sudden it's like, oh shit, we got a second show. And like The Sopranos didn't find its way till episode five. Yeah. Saturday Night Live, you know, really, I mean two, three, and four good stuff and everything.


But you still didn't understand the DNA, it wasn't, the broth wasn't fully sied. And I think that particularly when you don't get an order, like nowadays on streaming services, you get an order, go do eight. So you're thinking about that a lot of times when you're just doing one by one, you, you need to get them on your feet, on their feet before you can really learn things. And so Paul Simon on episode two, if you, if people go back and watch it, man, it's, it, it's a, it's an experiment, right? It's like, let's call my friend Paul, let's see how we can stitch together 90 minutes. Yeah. And it was basically a musical show with a couple sketches in it that, that second episode thing.


I've thought about that a lot because when you're creating a show, especially if it's a drama, you're spending a year plus on the pilot, right? Yeah. And you're getting notes from all these people and you're going back and then finally you cast it and you're casting these people who have never played the characters before. And, and it's could be a year long process. You make it, and now all of a sudden you have to make eight more episodes, nine more episodes. And you're doing that as fast as it took to do the entire process for the pilot. So it is something that I always think about when I watch new shows. Well, it's an incredible thing because also in the first episode, you're establishing the characters. So you're trying so hard to like introduce the character that you're spending all that time on that.


That's why with like The Sopranos, not to get off track from SNL, but the Sopranos, the biggest fight David Chase ever had with HBO was in episode five was were they gonna watch Tony Kill somebody? Right? And like Chase is like, dude, like this is what the guy does. He, he's not a Hallmark salesman. He, he kills people. We gotta show it. And they, it hadn't really been thought of before that because it hadn't come up. And so I think particularly in for SNL, episode two, episode three, episode four, it's a cocktail, right? And like getting down like how much of Albert Brooks, how much is of a movie? Is how many commercial parodies are we gonna have? How much time are we gonna do two musical acts or just one?


You know, how much time does that leave for everything else? And then of course, what is Weekend Update gonna be? Because Weekend Update had this huge advantage, right? Chevy was the only one who said his real name, I'm Chevy Chaser or not. He got all that time by himself, other cast members who were a little resentful of that. Yeah. Trying to cut back on that. So it takes a couple shows to iron out those arguments. Yeah. And it probably wasn't until the prior episode that the show really knew where it was going and what it was, which was the 11th episode of the first season. Right. There's a couple other good ones until then. But about midway through that season, the show became the show. But they ran the pilot, they ran the first episode on a Saturday night in the 1130 spot.


Yeah, That Was great. And it's, it's a ma like Carlin's does three different monologues. The Muppets are on there like that, that show's all over the place. They have no idea what it is yet. Well, part of it also is though Carlin was stoned out of his mind. Yeah. You can see it. Yeah. So he was Unavailable at certain points throughout the show. The other thing that is worth mentioning is like Chevy 15 minutes before the first show said to one of the producers, Hey, what do you think I should do after this? Because he was convinced it was gonna be a failure. Right? Right. And Lauren kept on Lauren's, I mean Lauren is Lauren. I mean, he's telling everybody, oh no, this is, we're gonna, this is, it's a hit. We're gonna be a hit. We're gonna be a hit. Even before the rating suggested, even before anybody had written about it.


But by the fifth time when Gilda is walking down Avenue of the Americas and start starts getting stopped by people, like, oh my gosh, you're so great and whatever. And she's like, what? Yeah. Like the show changes when people know it's a hit. Right. Even though SNL wasn't gonna pander to people and it wasn't gonna try and become a hit. Right. They were just gonna do what they thought was cool and it caught on. And so that also has, I think, a real impact on the trajectory of the show because then all of a sudden you're like, well, we don't really care whether somebody thinks this is gonna work or not. We're gonna think we're gonna have Beethoven out a piano playing something Lui, go ahead do it.


And we think it's cool. I mean, who do, there's no time to like, I mean, they address this, but there's no time to really test that out. So I think the, that became a real powerful force. Yeah. And the amount of people that watch the show as it was happening in the seventies versus how it's consumed now, which says so much to do about the choices we have now and just how we consume entertainment. Like in 1978, if you didn't see the show live, it wasn't on again until they ran the reruns in the summer. That was it. You missed it. And you just heard word of mouth, oh my God, they had the sketch last night. Now it's like, you can miss the show and if there's something amazing in it, there's a big moment. You just watch it the next day on, on YouTube, Miss the show. Most people watch clips.


Right. Most people get, maybe they'll get YouTube clips or they'll, they've customized it somehow on X or something else. But you know, I, I think a lot more people obviously are watching it during the week than are sitting down in their bar lounger at 1135. Yeah. The surprise of, I'm watching this, I don't know what's gonna happen that's just shifted into something completely different. But what's weird is the show, at least from an audience standpoint, in 2025, it's still big. I think it's like probably the biggest non-sports itwe property that exists. Well, it's the highest rated non-sports entertainment show on, on linear television. Yeah. Which is nuts. Which is Incredible.


And that's why you get spend nearly 100 million million dollars a season doing it. Wow. We'll see how long that lasts. Some stuff from the show that jumped out to me. So Meryl Streep, who'd never been on the show and never hosted, and how many times do you think they asked her? A lot Weird that she never did it. You know, because she seems Pretty fun. Like I'm at, and she lives in New York City or she lives in Connecticut. I think I'm Surpris. She never did it. Look, they, they asked Tom Cruise a lot, he never did it. That makes more sense to me Because of dyslexia and the cue cards. No, because he's Tom Cruise. He's weird. I don't, I don't know what to of Tom Cruise.


You know, I don't like I going any direction with Tom Cruise. I don't know. You know, he's, He's a big movie star. He's a big movie star and you know, he's more likely to jump a motorcycle over some mountain that he would be to host a live sketch show where anything could happen. Actually, you know what? That'd be a great question if I, if I get him in an interview again. I think what would be more terrifying for you going over like the Grand Canyon in a motorcycle or hosting Saturday Life? And he might say the latter. Oh, I think he would definitely say the latter. So he never did it. Meryl Streep never did it. And then the other one never did. It was Jack Nicholson who was partying with all these people in the seventies, especially, you know, he's in the Belushi books.


Like he's, He's early and often man. So By the way, so is De Niro who was there last night too. De Niro finally broke and hosted. But I think Nicholson and Streep are the two biggest stars that never hosted the show. Right. And I, I have two most famous actors other than Cruz. Other than Cruz. Yeah. Yeah. I would, I would Say that that's it. Those are the three. Yeah. Nickel, I mean, de Niro did a couple of walk-ons from time to time and then eventually hosted, but, well, he did The Joe Pesci show. Yeah. That was the best, that was the best one. Memorable when Jim Brewer was Jim Burer probably his best thing when he was doing the, the Peshy things. So anyway, I love seeing Meryl Streep with Kate McKinnon, even though that alien encounter sketch, which is great, but it's the same sketch every time. They're just rerunning all the beats.


I know. But you know, but Meryl Streep ad was fun. The ad, the ad was fun. And Kate is one of the few people that can pull that off, but give it, you know, even though you know it's coming, it's still fun to Watch. And she's just trying to make everybody else laugh. So we had that, we had Black Jeopardy with Eddie Murphy playing Tracy Morgan next to Tracy Morgan, which was, that was the first time I really laughed in the first, I don't know, 30 minutes where I was like, oh my God, they're doing this. And I got, it was super exciting. Mean it wasn't, It wasn't just Eddie coming on doing Eddie or doing So he was actually impersonating Tracy. Yeah. Who was standing right next to him was so good. That was a rough add-on with Tom Hanks. But I will say the Black Jeopardy sketch that Tom Hanks did do, yeah.


Back then was, you know, legendary. It just was really hard last night after, after Eddie. Now you didn't need anything else with Eddie. Yeah. That, that's Question That was tough. And by the way, Eddie was good doing that. Eddie was good. Eddie was one of the big winners last night. They tried the Lawrence Welk thing with Scarlett Johansson and Kim Kardashian and Gas di Kristen Wig that it's, that's the same sketch every time. The q and a from the audience was captivating, especially with, with the nice, nice tv nice wide screen. Because every time they cut to somebody in the audience, you could watch, you could see everybody who was in like a specific section. I wasn't even really listening to the q and a.


I was like, wait a second. Oh, oh, there, there's that, and there's that person. And I, I almost feel like that's, they intentionally do that right. To, so we could just see who's There. That, that was the whole purpose of it. They did that in the 40th as well. Yeah. You, you, you get to show off the wares, you know, I mean like, because unless people were watching the red carpet or whatever, a lot of those people like Jerry and Larry, Jerry Seinfeld and Larry David were in the audience, obviously, but weren't in the show. Right. So, you know, it's a great way to, to show them off. And not only that, but Tina and Amy are the only really the only two people that could handle that. Because you've gotta riff on it. You gotta, you gotta tease the, I mean it's really, it's much harder than, it looks Really smart way to get a bunch of people involved in the show.


I, I gotta say the most surprising person, I don't know why Kevin Costner was there, because he is never hosted the show. It just felt like they needed a star. And he seems like he's pretty available in general, like he was at UFC last month. But Letterman being there was shocking to me. That was somebody that's never hosted the show. And I never felt like had a real connection to it in any way. But maybe he did. And I'm missing something, I hate to say it, but it's like driving a Porsche 40 miles an hour because why point out to us that Dave is here and not Using And then not using him for anything. I mean, I, I just, I kept on waiting for him to, to do something or say something from his seat even or whatever. And it wasn't anything. So, I mean, I guess I, I don't know.


It was weird. Julia too, I mean, Julia is Julia Louis Dreyfus, even though she had a hard time when she was an SL cast, SNL cast member. Yeah. I mean, she could have done, she could have done anything. She's, she's fearless and she's terrific. I was surprised by that. I was surprised. Bill Murray ranked the weekend update per people and started with Colin Quin 10th who wasn't there. That just felt like a direct shot. But, but that was, he, it actually felt like old school Bill Murray, like his pace and his timing was really good. I thought, Well, I thought it was brilliant that he did this. Black Anchors first got Cha outta the way, and then what it wound up really doing was just being a real dig to Colin Jost who didn't make any of the spots.


Right. So I think the Colin Colin Quinn thing at the beginning was just to think, to make Colin Joe think that he was gonna be on the list, right. Because he was Colin. And then he waited a bit. I mean, bill Murray's timing is fantastic. And he was Friday night at Radius and Music Hall, he was awesome as well. So we had EYs New York tribute, which was like this big giant movie that moved through the, through the eras of New York that I actually thought was, was really well written and interesting. I'm not positive it a hundred percent worked, but I liked it. They ran back, don't look back in anger. One of the great pieces of content that shows, shows ever produced, Thank God. And from start to finish, they didn't just run a minute of it.


They actually ran it. No, thank God. Which I thought mattered. It was really, I mean, the irony of course that Belushi wound up dying first, but also when he mentioned Gilda, I mean, the whole thing is just perfect. It's one of, I think it's one of my favorite SNL moments in 50 Years. No question. I was watching with my wife, and my wife didn't totally understand why they, she's not a big SNL like student. So She was like, and you guys got married. Well, she was like, why did they, why'd they run that? That was weird. And I was like, well, here's the backstory. Like, they ran that Belushi lives in and he was actually the one that died first. And, and she was like, oh, like, I think she was like half paying attention.


But, But that's what I meant though, in terms of like the rhythm. Also, Lauren, I think pays more attention to that than he talks about. And when you have something boisterous or something supposed to be really broad and loud, and then you come to something like that, it's, it's a really interesting symphony that he's Yeah. You know, conducting there. So we had the stage hand, we had the Iria thing, I thought was probably my favorite part of the show when they did the iria of all the times they've crossed the line. I'm like, are they gonna show Uncle Roy? They gotta show Uncle Roy. And then they, they Uncle Roy, the most indefensible sketch probably of the history of the show, but it was the seventies and shit happens. The lecherous babysitter trying to creep on Gilda Radner.


And, but they went through all of it And I loved it. 'cause it's like, you know what? Comedy changes the definition of what's funny and what isn't funny changes. It's not, you can't go back retroactively and litigate it. This was stuff that ran. And not only that, but it's incredibly shrewd because for all of you thinking that we're gonna hide from it and you can go and write about it. Yeah. And take us the task for it. Oh, we're gonna own it. We'll own it right now. Here you go. And with perfect context, I thought it was the shrewdest, really smart part of the entire show. And then Debbie Downer, which I think has, has belatedly become one of the most famous sketches in the history of the show. 28. It was funny when it happened, but I think as the years have passed, it's one of the go-to ones people mention, I think there are Debbie Downer societies.


I mean, there are, there are people that that literally talk about it, about themselves. They talk about it in therapy. There's a whole big online presence. So, you know, I was wondering whether or not Rachel and Will were gonna do the Lover sketch and Will was gonna start cracking somebody up underneath the hot tub, which would've been terrific. But that also is logistically difficult. I would've, if they had asked me, I would've had Neil Diamond storytellers with James Brown and just brought Eddie and Will together and just had them, had them do good. I I just think that would've gotten the biggest wow from me out of basically anything they could have done if they had just done those two together. Yeah.


I think the one thing that might have worked against that is that requires another level of knowledge on the show just because Right. True. It's not as, it's, it's not in the zeitgeist as prominently as some of these other ones or as more as recently, by the way, how about Sabrina? But that doesn't help the Lawrence Welk sketch. I mean, Lawrence Welk isn't in there. That's the thing. If you're gonna do Lawrence Welk, I would've rather. Yeah. Anyway, what were you gonna say? But how about Sabrina Carpenter's line to Paul Simon? Oh my God. About my parents. That set that one line. Like, I think it shocked the audience and it set the tone for the whole night. Because you're gonna see a bunch of people in their seventies and eighties. So there's some Lauren stuff with this, you know, there's five years where he is not on the show.


Right. And Ebersol is running the show. And that's, that's been fraught. And Jean and we've, yeah, Jean and Jean Dominion initially she gets fired. Ebersol takes over. You've written about this a ton. It's been talked about a ton. It's always been a little icy with the two of them. But credit dating back to 75, it was notable to me that Eddie was really the only person from that five year run that was prominently involved in anything. Like there was no Episcopal at all. Julie Lee Dreyfus was in the q and a and that's it. It it, it was a show that just kind of pretended those five years. Didn't, Billy Crystal wasn't anything, Martin Short was in it. But Martin Short has become kind of an honorary host slash cast member along the lines of Steve Martin.


But he was a big part of that Season 10 cast. But for most part, he pro and he pretends that doesn't happen those five years. And Billy Crystal was in the audience. Right. Never went to him. He Could, could have been used, could have been used. Not Used at all For any, for anything. Without a doubt. I mean, listen, given what happened to Billy on the very first SNL where he and his manager stormed out because he wasn't gonna get enough time. That's a complicated history of Billy Crystal and SNL. Right. Well Then all the way through 50, The cast after Carvey not there. Hartman not with us, sadly. Same with Jan Hooks. And Myers was really the only one.


They, they went to LUTs pretty briefly, but the show was a little geared toward those last, last, basically last 30 years. The, the other notable thing to me, the last 10 years of cast members, Pete Davidson, bow Yang, they got attention. Marcelo got in on one of those sketches. 'cause I think out of the anyone on the new cast, he seems to be the one there. They think they might've hit, might've struck oil on a little bit. But other than that, like that, that show was not a big win for the current cast, which I think was different from SNL 40 when the current cast was a little more involved. Well, one of the things you And I have talked about before is that over recent years, you don't have a lot of reoccurring sketches.


Yeah. Reoccurring characters that you can draw back on draw. And so that's when it really comes to haunt you because you can't, all of a sudden, it's not like the cheerleaders were from the past 10 years. So you throw them up or, I mean, yeah, I guess we're, we could go back to the Californians, but you can't do the Californians without Hater. Right. So, you know, they were in a box, but I think that's part of what was going on. Look, Davidson, I I, maybe maybe you'll argue with me on this, but Davidson isn't there because of what he did on SNL. He is there because he became a cultural force with his, you know, many popular, you know Right. With his social, his social game.


Yeah. No, he Basically Became a weekend update guy, you know, and it wasn't like he was, he was never like, let's build all the sketches around him like he would with Wolf Ferrell, somebody like that. No, I, I think the show's in a weird place. Did he ever get a moment, Pete's first show appearance was on update and he crushed. Yeah, He did a great, and so you think, whoa, wait a second. And then, you know, it just, it didn't, it didn't have, I mean, I'm not saying he is not successful, but we know most people know Pete Davidson because of the incredible runway of, of beautiful, popular women he dated rather than what he did on the show. And a couple movies too.


So the Lne piece of this, I'm assuming there's not gonna be an SNL 60 with Lorne Michaels. That would be insane. People always thought, Well, he could show up for it, we Could show up for it. No, but he is not gonna be producing. Last night he was sitting in an aisle seat like three, four rows up. So he wasn't like producing it. He actually seemed like he was an audience member for it. I'm sure he, I'm sure he decided every sketch and what was, who was gonna be there and who, who was gonna sit where. But it felt like he was a little more detached than he was. Probably. He was Friday night, he was, you know, he had a great seat at Radio City. Yeah. He sat there the whole time. I mean, look, they had last night, they had, they had everybody come in.


They had were some of topnotch, the varsity was in the writer's room. Yes. And they went over that. And, and, and Lauren was very, very, very involved. And I think he geared it so he could actually, God forbid not be under the bleachers, sit in a seat and enjoy it. Right. So what happens now to Lauren? What's your prediction? He, I think he's gonna stay, I think he's gonna stay. I mean, whether or not there's an emeritus attached to him or not, I mean, but right now he's already cut back on his schedule, so he's not in every single day and night like he used to be. And I think that what you'll probably see is more people st It'll be interesting to see though.


I mean, like, obviously if Tina or Seth comes back to the show, Lauren's Meredith. Right. And Lauren is by definition gonna be seen. Yeah. I'm handing over the reins. But without that, it'll be interesting to see what happens next season. Originally he had said he would be, he'd like to make it to 50 and then walk away. But I don't think he, he had said, I don't think I'm done. I don't think I'm done. Were, were you surprised a Chevy Chase not featured in anything? Was that because of physical health or something else? I think it falls under the rubric of something else. Okay. That's it.


That's all you got Well, Friday night, Jimmy Fallon did something very nice, which was, it may have been a commercial break or something, but he leaned down and he said, ladies and gentlemen, I haven't watched the air cop yet. So maybe it was on air. But ladies and gentlemen, Chevy Chase and Chevy stood up and took a big bow and like was expecting a big hand. And I don't want to dis him, but it wasn't huge. And I think that the powers that be were aware of that and felt like maybe that wouldn't happen if he was part of the show. Interesting. Well, he certainly has burned some bridges over the years, I think is, He may pumped them.


I think it's safe to say. Yeah. So that one was weird. And then the Conan O'Brien not involved last night, is that in the audience? Is that still going to the, when he took the Tonight Show and didn't, didn't include Lauren and his version of Tonight Show, which people have always said that was one of the reasons Leno was able to kind of double cross him and try to get the show back. 'cause he wasn't protected by Lauren. I don't know. Where does that stand? I don't think, I don't think Conan would be that petty. In fact, I'd like to give him a get outta jail free card in the sense that two weeks from last night he's hosting the Oscars. And like, it's just like, I, I can't, I don't know.


I mean, very few people would be gonna be hosting the Oscars and then rehearsing a sketch. I'm not talking about Conan be petty. I'm talking about is there still like some Lauren Pettiness with that whole thing? 'cause I had always thought there was no, no. Okay. No. You know, I think Lauren is at the point now where he's like, really too powerful, too rich, too, everything. Like, there's very few, like who's he petty with? I mean, like it That's true. It's a victory lap. He, he's declared victory. If you're petty, that means that you're in the trenches fighting with somebody. And there's no one that's gonna fight with Lauren who's got, I mean, unless it's like Sherra Madonna who's got even one name to mention, like he's got, he's gonna be like in a, I don't know, with Conan.


No, I don't think so. Do you agree with the David Stern theory with Lauren that I think we've talked about before, about the moment you give up this job, you give up this power and influence that's just never gonna be the same. And that's one of the reasons you keep it for as long as you can. Everyone's returning your call the moment you call them. I always thought that theory said more about David talking to himself than him giving advice to others. Right. Because He was so crestfallen. I, I mean, you must have seen him when Adam took over. He was like, where's like, he was just a man without an island. And I think Lauren, look, Lauren is always gonna have agency and the keys to eight H no matter what.


Even if he retires, he can go back there and do whatever he he wants and he's got a million other projects. So I, I don't think Lauren's gonna, I don't think people are gonna stop calling Lauren the cast may stop worrying about whether he loves them or not, but that's about it. Amazing relationship. All right. So your final grade sounds like it was like an A minus? I think so. Okay. It's good to see, you know, I mean, look, whatever I, I, again, I miss Bill Hater and certainly, I mean, every time you have one of these shows, I mean, the idea that Belushi, Gilda, Phil, and now Norm and Jan Hooks, I mean, you can go on the list. Yeah. It really, it really makes it because they died too young.


Yeah. I mean, and Chris Farley, I mean, how ironic is it that Belushi was Chris Farley's hero. He tried on his clothes when he got to the show. Right? And then he winds up dying at 33, the same age that John was when he died. I mean, there's just, it's just, you know, the, all the sadness surrounding the show is really sad. Before we go, any predictions for the second half of the decade for ESPN, another place you wrote a book about, Well, we'll see what happens this, this fall, right? I mean it's a, that's, it's one of the big chapters in ESPN's life, going direct to consumer. And let's see how far out, how much they piss off the cable operators.


Whether, what, what are they gonna charge? I Dunno. I mean, that is, that's a wild calculation. I mean, Jimmy's done his job. He made nice with the NFL, they got, they got the NBA. Maybe they'll improve the NBA shoulder programming, but I know you're dubious about that. But, well, They've had, they've had, they've had it for the last, I don't know, two plus decades. What, how's it gonna be different? This, with this contract, it's gonna be the same crap. It's Always a, it's always a work in Progress. I feel like it's just getting louder and dumber the coverage around it. Yeah. But this, this is gonna be different now direct to consumer. And look, when I wrote that book, it was a hundred million homes.


Now it's what, 67? And you times that times $8 a month, you're talking about real money. You, if you're Disney, you can't buy Pixar, you can't buy Marvel. You can't do any of that with the current financial equation. So it's gonna be really interesting to see what happens in the fall when they decide to price that out and see how many people follow them. How do you feel from people working there happy to be working there standpoint in 2025? 'cause you always have a good vibe of Of I, I think most Of workplace happiness. I think most of the people I talked to, you know, Freud had a, one of his definitions of maturity is the ability to handle ambiguity.


Yeah. So I think there are a lot of people becoming mature or else they're drinking themselves silly on the weekends. Because it used to be, you know, this, I mean particularly because ESPN's in Bristol, Connecticut, you gotta move your ass up to central Connecticut. You put your kids in school, everybody's there for 25, 30 years. I mean, if you're at CBS sports and you don't like it, or you get recruited to nbc, just Jump somewhere else, she's Going cross town. Yeah. So a lot of people out there for 25, 30 years, it wasn't, those jobs aren't as safe as they used to be. And a lot of people were having a very difficult time, particularly since some real legends were laid off, you know, during these layoffs. So I think there's a level of insecurity, a palpable level of insecurity, bill that's never been there before.


That's what I'm hearing as well. HBO, another place that you wrote a book about new series coming out March 3rd, Celtics City, nine Parts Celtics docuseries. It's really good. But wait, how you feeling about Congrat HBO these days and the Time Warner Empire? I think there's a branding issue with the whole universe that really hurt HBO, this idea that, I mean like those three letters are worth just as much in terms of currency and pedigree. Then any three level letters there are in the ecosystem and they doubt back on it. And I think Casey Boy has done the Lord's work.


He is, without a doubt, one of the best creative executives in the business today. I wish they had more money. I wish they, I, I mean, I know that they could have done unbelievable things if they had more money, which wasn't always the case. But I think that they, you know, the brand has really lost a lot of its halo. Not because it's turning out shit, but because it's gotten messed up in this whole Discovery plus HBO plus Max and this and that. It was HBO Go then it was, I mean, it's a lot to go through for a brand. And even though they have some great people working there, I just, I, I think they deserve better.


Yeah. It's, I think with the Max app, like, it just shouldn't be that hard to find the best shows HBO's ever done or the new shows. You know, you feel like you're wading through all these different choices and sometimes somebody's going on there and like, I just wanna watch Sex and the City. And I feel like there's a, I feel like there's a lot of politics involved with that, with that homepage. I mean, look at Netflix, it's, it's almost like Darwinian, it's Survival of the fitness, but it's because you got that algorithm and like, don't mess around with it, man. We know what we're doing. But with Max it's like subjective. It's like, wait a second. Like, and there's this whole big thing with Entourage, you know, where is that? I mean, been deep six two and you can't find this, you can't find that.


It's, it's really complicated on that Max homepage. Well, the best, the best way to fight off any sort of weirdness is to just keep putting out good stuff. Which it seems like, yeah, good. They had to push a lot of stuff to 2025. And it seems like they, they are gonna have a bunch of good content this year. And the question will be how can they push it in the Max app the best possible way. Yeah. Good luck with the Celtics, man. That's, I think that's awesome. Thanks. It was a lot of time. Anything else you're working on before we go? Got a secret projects you wanna tell us about? No, Just writing, writing, writing. Where wit are you writing? Yeah, yeah, Stuff. Things. Yeah, just stuff.


Yeah, writing stuff. New project, Couple new ones. Yeah. Oh, all right. Mysterious. Jim Miller. Thanks for your s Know 50 recap. Good to see you as always. Hey, thanks for having me man. Alright. Thanks to Van Lathan and Jim Miller. Thanks to Kyle and Sar and Gaal. As always, you can watch clips and videos from this on the Bill Simmons YouTube channel. You can also watch this as a video podcast on Spotify. I hope you did. We'll be coming back on Thursday actually after the big Austin Live show. We're gonna run that on this feed. It's gonna be good, I promise. And don't forget new rewatch, what's coming Monday night, Wayne's World. So I will see you on Thursday.