
Coming up the last big NBA podcast of the Summer with Celo. Next.


This episode is brought to you by Nissan Flex. Your ruggedness in the Nissan Pathfinder Rock Creek power your epic adventures with 3.5 liter V six engine 2 95 horsepower. Take on those big bad trails on these big bad tires. 18 inch beadlock style wheels with all terrain tires to be exact, designed to be aggressive all the way up to the front row, which is magnificent. Find your path in the Nissan Pathfinder Rock Creek. Learn more@nissanusa.com. Intelligent four wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


This episode is brought to you by Michelob ULTRA. Michelob ULTRA, good for many things. Camping, barbecues, cheering on your favorite team. Hanging out on a nice summer night, which I just did actually on Friday night. Just sitting outside just having a beer. And guess what? Michelob? ULTRA because they sent me a bunch of Michelob ULTRA and it's really good. And there were only a couple left and I was mad 'cause every time we put it in the fridge, somebody drinks it, but it was delicious. Be sure to stock up for the summer. Enjoy Michelob ULTRA, a superior light beer. Order a pack of MLO Bocho today. Have it delivered through doordash.com. LDA 21 and up.


We're also brought to you by The Ringer. Podcast Network, where we are putting up two re watchable episodes a week in July and in parts of August as well on Thursday as we're running the old re watchable 1999 series episodes that we never got to run on the feed. So we ran Austin Powers two last week. I think we're running for love of the game this week. And then on Monday nights brand new re watchable episodes. We have Twister coming on Monday night. Yeah, really good one. One of the first great modern summer movies. Me Van Lathan, Chris Ryan will be doing that one. And you can watch all of the re watchable stuff on our Ringer Movies YouTube channel as well.


We actually found I think like 20 old video episodes that we never actually put up on YouTube. We'll be putting those up over the course of the summer as well. My schedule for this podcast is about to get a little wonky. I think I'm gonna be every other Sunday and that's it for the next few weeks. So I'm just warning you now, probably not coming back for two Sundays. And that's gonna be the schedule really until the third week of August. I am going to make a dramatic return for Olympic basketball, quarterfinals, semifinals and finals for that week. So we'll have a full schedule that week. But for the most part, this is usually when I slow down because you know, basically from the tail end of August all the way through the top of July, we're going football and basketball and everything else constantly.


So this is when I usually unwind. Also have to do a lot of football homework. Gotta catch up with some of our great ringer NFL people. Gotta catch up with House and Raheem and JJ and Deb Buno on our Ringer Gambling podcast. So in the meantime you can check out The Ringer dot com. you can check out all of our great Ringer podcast, network pods, sports culture, reality, TV, tech, Hollywood. We have it all. Go check it out and you won't miss me. Plus we'll be in the re watchable so you'll get to hear my voice every once in a while. Coming up Ryan Illa for the last time this summer talking a lot of hoops. First our friends from Project.


All right, taping this Sunday afternoon we is here. It's our last basketball podcast of the season. Ru are you sad? I know you're sad already that The Bahamas have been knocked out of Olympic qualifying. I know that was tough for you, but this is our last one Done. I taped it. You ruined it. I didn't know. Yeah, Spoiler alert. I meant to tell you. Don't tell me the final score. Yeah, they lost an ot so that was it. All right, lots to hit. We're gonna try to zoom through as much of this as we can. De Rosen traded to Sacramento. We'll start there. That was the last big, I think, move of the summer. Perfect timing for us happened over the weekend. Time to set up Kings, get De Rosen Spurs somehow get a 2031 Sacramento first swap to take Harrison Barnes for two years and the Bulls get Duarte in two seconds and basically usher in the we are tanking era.


What does this do for the ceiling of the kinks for you? Yeah, they had such great health luck two years ago. It's a bit like, not to say it's the same as Oklahoma City, but when you saw Oklahoma City throughout the season this year, like how much different is the ceiling? Okay. Yeah. And Oklahoma City very well could have probably come out of the west a couple breaks here or there. I I, I don't think it's absurd. I think that Would you agree with that? A Hundred percent. I think it's like three rebounds, two missed threes and the play in the corner where somehow they end up shave fouling, PJ Washington. It's a tough one. Okay, so I think we're on the same page with that one. But one of the questions that we had about them was, is this their peak?


Are they playing at like a peak version of themselves in the regular season and maybe some other teams aren't. Usually it's what the older teams and I think that's probably how we looked at Sacramento two years ago. Yeah. And I'd still worry about them in the sense of how are they gonna do against other big teams. Like that New Orleans thing was a very real thing physically. They were just not big enough to handle them. But I like the Rosen, you know, years ago when he signed that deal with the Bulls, I think a lot of us had questions and here we are now where I don't really have any questions and it's three years later he has the perfect mentality for it. I think him playing off the ball with Kobe White developing, you know, the, the image of the worst part of the Rosen is that he doesn't shoot threes and he needs to be on the ball and all these different things.


I think whoever he is in life, it translates into who he is as a basketball player. So adding another piece like that and raising your talent level, even if it doesn't change the hierarchy of the West as a win for the Kings. Yeah, and they're probably on the clock with Fox about a year from now. He had like some sort of cry quote a couple weeks ago. So they, it, it seemed like they were gonna do something and I think they kicked the tires in marketing, couldn't get 'em. I don't remember a situation like De Rosen with basketball in a while where it feels like somebody's second half of their career was better than the first half of their career. Because usually that's not the case. Like for the last three years in the Bulls, granted not high stakes, but he was 25.5 a game shooting 50% Les.


There was, there was a moment like when he was on the Spurs where he seemed like this dinosaur to some old basketball era for you know, the pre-care era basically. And he fixed that. I was, I think he always plays hard anytime they played the Celtics, I was always like, ah de Rosen's good man. He's just a good guy to having your team. He's good at the end of games now they have these two guys at the end, the games who are super comfortable trying to get baskets and they're gonna be not good defensively. But that was kind of the case anyway, right? Like the Rosen's not gonna help them defensively, but they weren't good defensively to begin with. So I don't know, they're doubling down on something they're good at. It's almost like a football team that's like, we got another pass rusher. Well that was the one thing you're good at pass rushing.


Yeah, but now we're really good at pass rushing. Yeah, but we can still throw deep on you. So they have holes, but I like their team more. I don't like this pick swap. That's one of those where it's like so far from now I, I don't know why they had to give up anything to get to Rosen. That's the part I didn't understand. He didn't really have a market Chicago wanna get rid of them anyway. Well it's the Barnes part of it. So then where's the Barnes landing spot? It's not in Chicago. So that's why you end up paying picks. Let's talk about that though. Why wasn't in Chicago? Why did the Spurs get a pick swap out of this and not the bulls? Oh wait, I have the answer for you. The Bulls are cheap. They don't wanna pay the luxury tax so they end up with Duarte and two second round picks so they don't have to take the Barnes contract and the Spurs are like, we'll take it.


And the Spurs get this swap out of it. It's like I I, the Bulls being cheap and I've, I've complained about this a million times, but the Bulls being cheap is just makes no sense to me. It's the third biggest market in America. New York is the biggest, LA is the second biggest. Chicago's the third biggest. Like why are they avoiding luxury tax in a year? I would love to have that pick swap seven years from now with a Sacramento team. That's, that is always either disappointing or kind of in the mix, but not really. I'd love to have their pick. Hey give me you're, you're not wrong about Chicago by the way, but I, I think they're probably looking at it as what's the point of even committing this money even for a pick swap seven years from now.


Why are we committing this money when the whole thing, I don't know if a mess is, is too hard of a word for the Bulls because you could say well direction list. And it's like, well now it's a transitional period. It just is. I don't understand the Patrick Williams contract at all Five for 90 for Patrick Williams. You didn't like that one. That was one of the ones I went, I know the cap's going up. But I would, I was thinking that would be a good game show. If it was like Patrick Williams five for nine or five for 90 and you had to guess which, which contract it was, I would've had to think about it. I would've been like, ah, they probably gave him five for 90. But I would've paused for a second That was like the Evan Turner deal when Portland signed Evan Turner and I forget who tweeted it out and was like, if you had said, what did Evan Turner get in free agency?


And the person was like, I would've guessed like five for 30. And then he is like, it would've taken me a year Incrementally Keep Adding numbers until I got to the right number To get him to that Alan Crab number. So wait, I, I want to ask you about Der Rosen a little bit more 'cause I, I think you hit on something there. Where did he reinvent himself or did we just end up liking him so much more because of all the big shots that he hit with Chicago. Like Chicago before Lonzo got hurt, they had that nice record two years ago. It was this really fun run. Yeah, I remember sitting at home one night watching them play on a Saturday night in Chicago and place was going nuts. I was like, this team should be awesome. This team should, right? Like every team has its ebbs and flows but when the bulls are awesome, it's fun for the league.


And I think we all ended up just appreciating Der Rosen even though if it felt like it was pointless in the long term. Part of like playing into June, I think you know he, he worked on some stuff off the court that he's been pretty candid about and it seemed like it helped him confidence wise 'cause I actually deep dived him 'cause it was somebody I had, I obviously had been in our lives for the last 15 years. I hadn't really put like a shit load of thought into, 'cause he hasn't, you know he had those Toronto teams in the mid 2000 tens that just every year they would go against LeBron or whoever and just all of a sudden they were gone and then he's in the Kawai trade and then just kind of float around putting up great stats.


Like he's, you know, only 29 guys have 25,000 points right now. The next two guys are gonna do it are the Rosen and Curry. Like this is in the 80 year history of the league. The other crazy part about his development too is that 10 years into the league he starts to become a playmaker where he was just long two isolation guy and he was really talented. I remember coming outta school when you were looking him in the draft going at that size and that shot making, I'm surprised he's not thought of as a little bit better of a prospect but because the shooting wasn't there then maybe the shooting shifted already turned into guys like this just being overlooked. But he was clearly incredibly talented. You're totally right about the Toronto thing 'cause it just felt like okay you guys are stuck and both he and Lowy had those series.


Well he was bad In The playoffs. Bad just, oh yeah, yeah, totally Over and over again. And that became the rap. It's like this guy's not good when it actually matters. And then somehow in the last four or five years he's flipped that to where he was one of the finalists for Clutch player of the year. This was not the guy from Toronto. So yeah. And I, I think the stuff that you talked about too with him off the court that he, He he's just someone I would never worry about if I were front office or a coaching staff now at this point. Yeah. Especially that he's 34 and be like, hey we can plug this guy right in. Like Fox is gonna get all of his possessions, Monk's gonna get his possessions. Keegan's a perfect compliment to all this stuff. So a bit like what we've talked about with the Celtics, but I don't think it started with them. Maybe I pushed back with you on a little bit with the Warriors being interchangeable and guys that can all make decisions with the ball in their hands.


Ironically that Toronto team in 19 that I reference all the time, I was like man they got a lot of guys who are really good with the ball in their hands. Yeah. If, if the, if these are your options, okay you're not getting the bigger name free agent. They had the financial constraints because they paid other players. I don't know this but my guess would be okay if we're adding De Rosen, we are now better. It doesn't solve the problem of what's in front of us in the west. There's other guys higher on the wish list but this was a real obtainable thing and all they're really doing is plugging the Harrison Barnes minutes with De Rosen where de Rosen's overall numbers are gonna go down just because the opportunities for shots. But Barnes could play in games where you didn't even notice. I mean that's just kind of how I'll think of Harrison Barnes, a talented guy who like sometimes would be like, oh he is been playing for the last 20 minutes.


Right? And was not a good and was not a good defensive player either. I think that was the other piece with him is what he was in theory wasn't what he actually was on the Kings anymore at this point of his career. So it's not like their defense is getting worse 'cause Barnes is leaving. So they're probably maybe the same on that end but better offensively and I don't know they, and they're still one trade away now. I think they're gonna have men, you look at their, they crunch time, they're just gonna have a lot of trouble against certain teams, right? They don't have really anybody in their roster who I think can defend a wing at a high level that I feel awesome about. I don't really feel awesome about saboni against big centers, but they're gonna try to outscore people and they're in a slightly better, better spot than they were.


And you know, after the top four, the west is kind of wide open, which we can talk about. We, we gotta talk about the San Antonio piece of this too quickly on AU two second team, all BS one third team six All Stars. He's one of the four guys left from that oh nine draft, Curry, drew, holiday, harden and DeRozen who are all at a really high level, which is unusual 'cause you go one draft later with Paul George and he's the only guy left from that draft who's still contributing. You could make a case. He's the fifth best two guard in the league. Right? Make the case. Wow. I hadn't thought of this. Yeah. Well it's funny 'cause when you start listing the two guards you run out of the list fast, right?


If let's say Luca is a two guard, is that fair? No. What what, what position? I know we always do this. What position is he? He's a point guard. So he's a point guard. All right, well then he's off the table. Edwards is a two guard. Yes. Booker is a two guard. Well yeah he is but we wanna talk about somebody else play. But you're right, you're right. Yeah. Is James hard in a point guard or a two guard At this point? I mean I think he's a point guard. Yeah, he is probably a point guard. Is Drew Holiday a point guard or a two guard? See that one would feel like people would Want's a another tough one, right? But like Tatum was the point guard in the playoffs, Right? He was the point forward. So that, that's my point is like Der Rosen is probably the third best pure shooting guard in the league.


And if you wanna get a little less technical with the definition of shooting guard, you can squeeze Luca in there and Harden and a couple others. But there's just not a lot of these guys is my point. You know, you look around and it's like man, can CJ is is De Rosa better than CJ McCall? Yeah, he is. You know, could Jordan Hawkins be good someday? Sure. But when you just look, look around the teams and try to find good two guards, there's not not a slew of them unless you wanna say Paul George. But that's, this all becomes part of like, well Paul George isn't gonna be a two guard now, but like Jalen Brown was, would you say Mitchell? Yeah. A kind of a point guard, right? Is he a two?


He has the ball a lot. He does. I mean one of the cool things about the Rosen is he can get his 20 doesn't need the ball that much. We gotta switch to San Antonio though. So they're, they're just, we, we shit on teams all the time and we wonder about their strategies all the time. And I, I still would've loved if they took Dillingham and put him on that team. But not taking Dillingham and trading that and creating cap space and then being able to trade Devonte Graham led to them being able to do this deal with the Barnes contract and just grab all these pick swaps in the future. They have 11 first and five swap years down the road and just a lot of flexibility to build around somebody who's gonna be the best player in the league in two years and three years and four years.


Whenever that happens, we have not seen a team successfully pull this strategy off this well because we we're used to like, when it was LeBron in, in the mid two thousands, Cleveland was just in this chess game of trying to find assets to him. 'cause they were so scared he was gonna leave really from 2005 on, there was just always the fear he was gonna abandon them. They always trying to get win now win now win now San Antonio is doing the opposite. Yeah, you're absolutely right. I mean that's why you, you need your guy to be a partner in it, especially at that stage of their career and every deal with Cleveland was can we win today even though we're probably putting ourselves in a worse position long term.


So you're right, it is the opposite. But it's also, and I'm Thinking like Luca was, Luca was pretty win now-ish Edwards. Edwards who, I don't know if we realized that he was gonna be in that LeBron Luca conversation when he was 20, but they were winnow with that. It's pretty rare to see somebody and I think they could do this because they won titles in the past so they, they're a little less panic. And we, WEBY is so bought into that team. I still would've loved to have Dillingham on this team, but I, I see the long road on it. I gotta give it up to 'em. They're also gonna be pretty good this year weirdly, right? Chris, Paul and, and even somebody like Barnes, like Barnes is somebody who could be in a rotation and Castle I think is gonna play right away and Sohan and you know, they, they might be like a 40, 41, 42 win team just 'cause of how good weby is and then they're gonna have all these picks and all these possibilities.


So it's kind of cool how it played out for them. Normally I would just push back on that because like did you just list those seven guys? Are you serious In the west they're gonna be 500 but every Winman Yama thing that you see Yeah you just go, yeah maybe like I, I just won't be in a position of pushing back on on what he could actually be. But you brought up something in that the long view of this was San Antonio 'cause it was really crazy even as it was happening in his rookie season. I think you brought it up, I think, I know I saw it on TV shows where it's like, well, that he's so far ahead of what you would expect. I mean even with all the hyperbole and the way we talked about him in the draft, I'd still say his first year even blew away the expectations.


Yeah, I agree. And then it becomes now you're on a new timeline. Are you, are you as an organization on a timeline of impatience? Because even if you are lucky enough to have one of these picks that immediately you realize, okay, our franchise is gonna be entirely different 10 years from now. What are the deals that you are saying yes to that you would say no to if that young player took until year three to show, like I still think the good deals are the good deals and the bad deals are the bad deals. And that when you become impatient or when you're forced in some kind of timeline, that's what gets back to that Cleveland run, which I, I think is really smart of you to bring up because I remember as it was all happening, you're like, okay, so now you're bringing in Ben Wallace because of this.


Or like you, It was Larry, Larry Hughes. There was, there was a bunch Before Agent Signings and then it became Domino's after that with Ben Wallace. Right. Antoine Jamison Shaq just kept going. It was expiring contract that was expensive for an okay player for another player that was maybe like just a smidge better. But then their contract situation, which is even worse, Zerbe X's another one. Drew Gooden was another one. Yeah. if you go look at it, so does it mean that like obviously the Spurs are not gonna do it that way. This doesn't seem to be the plan whatsoever. There's probably somebody that could use their cap space on saying, hey look, look at this number two or three option. That's a lot better. I love the Chris Paul signing and everything, but it always feels like we missed the mark on what is available for a team to do.


And really when you're saying, okay, well you actually have to start making changes a little bit quicker. Well does that mean you're supposed to do a deal you normally wouldn't want to do? And does that actually help you long term or does it just seem like you've done something so you're appeasing this star and it really comes down to women yaman his personality for it? Yeah, well they, they completed phase one for me, which was like, can you, can you put some solid real players around him please? Including a point guard who can get him the ball and better wings and at least have a competent basketball team and not have 'em play with G Leaguers. So they fix that. There's a marketing possibility here that I actually think, you know, and we're, and we're watching League Pass and I, I actually wonder if people realize how good marketing is because he's been kind of buried on these Utah teams.


But I, one of the things that's amazing to me about him is I just really liked him at the end of games. I thought he got good shots. I thought he was super confident. I thought he was good enough that they actually kind of had to make the team weaker because he, you know, to, to inadvertently he was hurting their draft pick because they were so good at the end of the games, ma mainly because of him. And sometimes Clarkson and I wonder like if San Antonio made a real run at him without giving up a lot of the 2020 5, 26 stuff, which I think those are the two drafts that you just can't, you can't get out of because of AJ and 26 and Flag in 25. But I do wonder, like, wait, could they paid 110 cents in the dollar for him and had a real guy at the end of these games?


It just seemed what it looks like. I'm sure they talked about it and they're probably better off doing what they did, but it's pretty enticing to have a guy like that floating around there, don't you think? Yeah. 'cause he does feel like it makes a lot of sense and I don't like the, everybody has to be 20 to 22 years old if you're a rebuilding team. He, he's 27. Yeah. And his jump, I mean, you wanna talk about somebody else who's reinvented themselves and sometimes it's just about more opportunity, but the true shooting percentage has gone up. He's got the ball more, but the assist stuff has, has gone up and he's, so I don't, I don't know that people don't realize how good he is. 'cause I think last year was the wake up call to everybody of like, whoa, like think of it, he was, he was the pick, excuse me, he was part of the Donovan Mitchell trade.


Like, hey, we'll take marketing too. Which I think is a big thing to look at with's history where, I mean, other than Net's deal that they did a decade ago that led to Gerald Wallace's contract, which the Nets were more than happy to move on from. But he got Colin Sexton in a deal, he got Kessler in a deal, you know, he gets marketing in this deal. So some of these other teams that I've seen just reports of like interest in marketing, you go, okay, well is there a young player in one of these other deals that Ang would go, okay, you know, gimme that guy. 'cause like at that point, marketing, it felt like, eh, all right, whatever. Sexton, I think's the same thing. Okay, not a terrible contract. Scored a ton of points with Cleveland when the team was terrible and he had the ball the entire time.


So I don't, I I don't know if he'll do the same thing again or if he'll feel meaning Angel and Zanac more pressured into doing something before they get off to a good start again in Utah. 'cause marketing has been so good. Yeah, maybe their plan is December, Feb, January, February is when you do it. The reason I'm not, he's he's So good. They should fire him. You maybe Maybe tell him that he has to pretend he has pneumonia for two months. The reason I wonder if people know how good he is because my reaction, and I think your reaction too, and a couple other people that I know who really give a shit about this stuff are all like, why do they wanna trade marketing? Why don't just sign him and keep him? The guy's like a legitimate keeper and a pretty unique offensive player.


I don't know, like what kind of timetable was Utah on that? They're like, yep, we need more picks, more stuff. To me that's some sort of keeper. But the, the more I think about it, I think Danny just wants to be in these drafts in the biggest possible way. These next two. I think he's looking at those two drafts as like one, if I can get one of those guys with all the other stuff I have, I'm in the same spot the Spurs are in with Weby. I mean, have you watched some of the AJ stuff? No. For next year's draft? No. You, you deep dope him yet you can you make that a summer project. There's something different about him. How about a Fall project? A fall project?


There's something slightly different about him with how fast his reaction time is to stuff that's almost a little creepy. Like he, he has these baseline moves where he, he pretends he is gonna go toward kind of the foul on, but then just goes by somebody on the baseline, but does it in a way that you're kind of like, it, it almost looks like a, like CGI i'd, you gotta, you'll check them out at some point, just put it on your calendar for like 90, 90 minutes. But I think him and I think Flagg next year is really screwing up these teams. So anyway, San Antonio, I get it. Chicago, I don't get it.


Sacramento, you know, this is what happens when you're in the middle. We're gonna take a quick break 'cause I wanna talk about the real reason Sacramento did this was, it feels like after OKC, Denver, Minnesota, Dallas, that fifth spot is wide open. So let's dive into that after the break.


This episode is brought to you by better help. It's easy to look at someone else who seems to have it all together and wish you were them. People think I only like Boston athletes. I love Michael Jordan. I have pictures of my room from college. I had more Michael Jordan posters than any Boston athlete. Loved him all the way through the finals unless he was playing the Celtics. But you know the saying, the grass is always greener on the other side. It's true. Honestly, the more you compare yourself to others, especially when I was comparing myself to Michael Jordan in the nineties and thinking, wow, he's better than me in every conceivable way. When you do that, the less happy you'll be. You're better off spending your time and energy improving yourself. If you need some help with that, I recommend therapy. you can learn positive coping skills for when you're stressed. Learn to set boundaries and enforce them and learn how to be the best version of you. Work through anything, not just major traumas. if you wanna give therapy a chance, try better help. It's entirely online. And starting as easy, just fill out a brief questionnaire to get matched with a licensed therapist. you can even switch therapists whenever you need to for whatever reason for no additional charge. So stop comparing, start focusing with better help. Visit better help.com/ Bill Simmons today to get 10% off your first month. That is better. Help hlp.com/ Bill Simmons.


This episode is supported by a State Farm. if you ever been in an accident and you're okay, but you know what happened, your first reaction is gonna be, man, why did that happen? if you ever buy a new house or a new car or a new anything, there's this little rush you get when you're like, I did it. I made it happen. But, really the only words you need to remember are like a good neighbor. State Farm is there. State Farm has options to fit your unique insurance needs. Meaning you can talk to your agent to help choose the coverage you need. Have coverage options to protect the things you value most. File claim, right on the State Farm mobile app. And even reach a real person when you need to talk to someone like a good neighbor. State Farm is there. Learn more at State Farm dot com.


All right, Illa, I'm gonna give you Phoenix, Memphis, new Orleans, Sacramento, Houston, golden State in the two LA teams. And I'm gonna give you a wide open number five spot in the West. Out of all of those teams, which one do you like the most? Phoenix, Memphis, new Orleans, Sacramento, Houston, golden State, Lakers, Clippers. Phoenix was a succeed and it was still a mess. So I would probably take Phoenix. So you would default to, even though everything went wrong last year, they're still in a 50 win range. They're gonna be better this year. Coach Bud. I dunno if he's an upgrade over Vogel, but maybe for what they have he will be.


Yeah I had, I had them in Memphis as my two And then I was wondering, am I overrated Memphis? No, because It's been a lot of stock in Jah coming back and being Ja from three years ago, which, and who knows if that guy's coming back. I'd be shocked if he didn't look like Jah. He's still young enough. Okay. That's why. That's why I factored it in. But it's, the thing is we don't know for sure wouldn't my That this was my first, my when you, when you initially asked me this question earlier today, I just went through it. I was like, okay, it's gonna be Memphis. And then I went, okay, but think about how much time we spent talking about Phoenix. Now granted, Durant played 75 games. Booker played 68, Beal played 53. Not like I'm the biggest be guy, but I don't know if Bud is a huge upgrade over Vogel.


So I think you're right on that one. But why are You laughing? He was the captain of the, I'm not the biggest do do dot guy. Beal might be the captain Or is it towns? I think Townsend is the captain actually. Beal's the Beal's the starter. Well look, I mean Beal's last playoff game dude, you just like, what, what is going on here but are the Memphis thing. I bet more people would say Memphis because before this whole thing fell apart for a million different reasons, they were what the two seed team for a good chunk two years Ago. Can I Team, team, I wrote down all the teams 'cause I was like, I just wanna make sure I have everybody who's on everyone's team. Maybe I'm missing something.


Memphis potentially is starting Jaren Jackson, Clark, Bain Smart and Ja, as they're starting five, they still have Vince Williams and Ziaire Williams, Gigi Jackson. They're gonna have Ededie, they're gonna have Concha, they have Lavia. Probably Luther, They have Lavia. Lavia. I'm throwing 'em in. I don't know, I I I, I actually like their team more than Phoenix's team. But Jaw's the big X factor. Phoenix brought O'Neal back. They're bringing Nage back unfortunately. They got, they signed Plumley Graces and Allen. We'll see if Dunn can play for them. Roddy's on that team now. And they got Monty Morris who seems to just bounce around the league now.


But I think we all kind of like him. But The count of think comes back. Monty assist turnover. Well that's the thing. Why does he always bounce around when everybody's like, you know what I really like, you know, smart signing, Considering the constraints they had. I I was like, are they gonna have Amani Morris Day in Arizona? Like I couldn't believe considering like, because when you started to realize the second apron stuff and how screwed they were and the Royce O'Neal bird trap situation of like the agent can basically name a number and go you have to resign him. Yeah. 'cause you're not replacing anything like that. I, I thought the Monte Morris part of it was huge.


So maybe I'm still rounding up a bit on the Suns and those three guys. I think it's the right pick. I think it's those two as the next two. But I will say if Jas back to being J from three years ago, Memphis will be the fifth best team and maybe even better than that. I mean Memphis, they, they won 51 and 31 2 years ago. Yeah because even if you look on FanDuel, they have the Western conference odds, OKCs plus three 50 Dallas plus four 20 Denver's plus four 20, Minnesota's four 50. The Lakers are next at 18 to one, which is ridiculous. We'll get to them. Suns 20 to one and Memphis 20 to one and then New Orleans is 20 to one, which is the next thing we should talk about. But the Lakers, they're always gonna have more money on them 'cause they're a public team.


New Orleans still does not have a center and they still have Brandon Ingram and it's like, well they'll just trade Brandon Ingram and, and and go get a center and, and we do this on the pod sometimes. Look man, there's 30 teams in the league. Go to the trade machine, find me the Brandon Ingram trade finding the team that wants him, you know, with one year left in his deal that's super excited to, that has 20 to 22 shots available for him and that has the center to give for him. And I could not find the team and I'm the Picasso of the trade machine. I couldn't find one team and it, the one I was trying to talk myself into was the Warriors. But that went so bad with Team USA and Ker and those guys.


I just don't think the Warriors are traded for Brandon Ingram. I don't see it and I can't find another team. Can you, can you think of another team? I think he's gonna be stuck there and I think they'll be stuck without a center. Would you trade Jared Allen for Ingram? I would not. I just wouldn't You run out fast. I know we, we in the past have have, ah, you're just gonna add a center. you can add a center and then you start like looking around. They just go, they're out There. Yeah. Yeah. They're kind of not now. I used to always think that they were and I think that's why you saw the Valentina deal. It's why you saw the Bati deal and Mo Wagner deal where it's like, right, maybe these guys are really valuable later on.


Fucking Wiseman got signed by Indiana. Hey you don't need to tell me Claxton got a hundred million bucks. Yeah, I, I think everybody has reached a point where nobody wants to be left without a center So. it turns into your fantasy league where you know, people are spending $8 on a tight end. 'cause they don't wanna have like the number two tight end on the bills as they're starting tight end. I just feel like with them, you know, they're starting five Zion, Ingram, Murphy McCall, mur, Deonte Murray and then they have Jones and Hawkins and Alvarado and a couple other, you know, they lost Nance who they were able to play as a small ball. Five.


I just don't know what the move is. So to me, I think they're clearly below Phoenix and New Orleans and you could make a case Sacramento should probably be above New Orleans. Now both of us are scared of, if you're gonna downgrade New Orleans, you're leaving yourself up to the hey Zion's gonna come in and just kick everyone's ass for six months. So there's that factor. But I could see that team being more unhappy than happy. A lot of, a lot of guys who need the ball on that team now, team Murray's not exactly a I'll stand over here and you guys do stuff guy, you know, and if, if they're stuck with Ingram now you have Zion and Ingram and Murray plus you have McCollum. I dunno if I like all those guys together. Do you?


No, I can't imagine Murray. There's one more. Well I just don't know who the center is. It's Missy right now, the Baylor kid. So that can't be the plan. And there's all these dudes over the years that we've all liked in the draft and or at least I have and Dyson Daniels, I would still hold out a little bit of hope for him. But he's gonna be playing off the ball or it'll just be the backup to Trey's minutes all the time. But you'd love to figure out a way for him to be able to close because of his decision making, his smarts, the defensive ability and all that kind of stuff. But he just got lost in the shuffle. There's some health stuff as well. So I get the Murray deal because it didn't feel like they gave up a ton and I, I didn't mind it either.


No. And his contract on top of everything else. But for somebody that's supposed to be better defensively, he wasn't that last year in Atlanta. Like it wasn't all on Tre. Yeah it, there were times, and I've mentioned it before, but there was this game, it was just brutal. And I stayed to watch Quin Snyder do the post game and it was just like our perimeter team. Yeah, right. And he was pointed about it and he was, he was just calling out the perimeter guy. Like what are you doing now when you're having a bad time in general usually aren't playing defense to the level that you should be, which is basketball. And I think that's probably part of the Deonte part of it as well. And the crazy thing that you brought up is like with all these guys that need the ball, CJ Ingram. 'cause I do like Ingram's passing and then Murray on top of it all. And I still, again, I still like to trade, but your best weapon, your best weapon is still Zion on the ball and just, just destroying people.


That's still the best thing that they can do. And you hope that the shooting around him compliments it all. So yeah, it feels like there's another Ingram trade but Ingram for a center and Ingram probably across the board is two dinged now at this point. Well especially with the one year left in the deal, my guess is it'll be Portland will be the team. 'cause Portland's the one team that has too many centers right now and really no direction at all. You think if Rob Williams comes back and he's healthy and they have eight and then they signed day drafted K Clingin. So on paper it's like, oh it'll just be Ingram for, you know j Are you gonna say it?


Jeremy Grant and Rob and maybe New Orleans stores. I don't know, something like that. But then I'm like, if I'm Portland, why do I want Brandon Ingram? What am I gonna do with him? I need ano, I need another shooter. I just, I could not find the Ingram team and if anyone could find the Ingram team, God bless you. 'cause I couldn't do it. And even like Detroit, who I would've said, oh, Detroit's the Ingram team. They spent 52 million at Tobias for two years. They signed Malik Beasley, right? They did. They got one other swing band scoring guy. Like they're, it just seems like they've moved in a direction where they're not getting them. Washington's Not gonna want him because Washington wants to be bad. So they don't want Brandon Ingram. So, so there's seven teams that wanna be bad.


So Ingram doesn't help any of those teams 'cause all he's gonna do is raise your ceiling and those teams don't want their ceiling raised. So you're just like almost immediately in that, you know that Atlanta kind of area. But they already traded with Atlanta anyway. So that's New Orleans, Sacramento we talked about. No, but I just wanted follow up on one thing though. 'cause Aton as you go. Okay, well now what with Aton, right? Like it seems like it would make a ton of sense for the Pelicans. Yes. And And it still might, but I just don't know what the, what the trade is. 'cause it's not like Portland's gonna be like, oh cool, we'll take CJ McCallen back and I don't know why they would want Ingram unless it's Right.


Why would they want him? Right. Unless they could also get off the Jeremy Graham money. Houston is just a, we've talked about them a couple weeks ago, but just the delight on paper, just, I just love their roster. Are we sure they're not gonna be good next year? Because I, in my head, they're a year away. But I kept staring at the roster going like, man, what if they're just good this year? You know, because I, again, I feel like there's this spot open in that like there's a spot right next to Phoenix and Memphis and somebody's gonna grab it. So maybe it's them Golden State. I liked every move they made in the summer.


I liked all of them. I don't, I don't know who their second best players. I don't think from a ceiling standpoint they have a lot of like elite players. Really. It's Curry and Draymond and that's it. But they have all these tradable deals now, right? They have all these ways they can go in December once you can start being able to trade the free agents. And I kind of like what they did. Do you like what they did? Yeah, considering everything and moving on from whatever the number was gonna be to resign Clay knowing that they were just resetting the deck financially. Because I don't care who you are, if you're an owner and you're like, we don't have any chance of winning a title, so why am I, why am I keeping all this money around again?


Yeah. Like it's really easy to say it when you feel like you're in contention and probably even a couple years past your last title, but going into 24, 25, I don't know that there's any owner that's gonna look at his roster going, I have, I have no chance. Yeah, yeah. Let's keep paying everybody in all the tax. So considering they're resetting it financially for themselves and you can make arguments about who De Anthony Melton is at this point versus who Clay is. No buddy heel's a bit hit or miss I think in that playoff series against the Knicks, there were just too many times you're like, what? What? What is up with you? Like you gotta shoot the ball. And then he had that huge game where he erupted. But considering how they had to do so much stuff on the margins for them, I liked it all. But to your Houston point, their 41 and 41 last year, you'd expect all of those players to be a little bit better.


I don't know if the non shin goon thing is real because do you pay some price, some Jalin Green price when Sheung Goon is back, which it looked like it's Just clogging, clogging the pain. Yeah, we both noticed it. Yeah. And when all you had to do was look at the numbers and, and somebody in Jalin Green, we were like, okay, it's really athletic, but like what is he really going to be? I look at, I go into this year feeling better and feeling differently about what he could potentially be as opposed to the beginning of his career where just like, all right, I know, I know some nights it's sick, but does he really even know what he's doing on top of all these other things that you spec expect to improve So, it just, it gets really hard one through 10, one through 12 of, of shuffling those teams out. Like the Lakers aren't gonna miss the one through 10.


The Warriors with Curry, they're gonna miss one through 10. Maybe I have right now. I had the Lakers and Equippers under all those teams and people would be like, oh, you're just saying that like last year my big FanDuel bet was the over for the Lakers wins. I call it. Like I see it. The Lakers did not get better in any way. They the exact same team they had last year. And LeBron is a year older and they have a brand new coach who's never coached before. And then this Bronny James thing is gonna be a weird wrinkle of the season. I don't think it's gonna be a positive. And it's cool that he's, he's gonna be able to play with his son, but it's gonna be a major distraction this whole season. It just is. And the odds of this team really looking rocky in December and being a panic trade candidate, I would think they're, they're one of my number ones.


I mean, how about this? So LeBron who we had to go through the charade of, he was gonna take way less to get a for age. And I can't believe people reported on us that story with this straight face ends up with, he took a little less to get them under the apron, But thank God he did that because the first report was that it was 104 million, it was gonna put him above the second apron going into the season. And you're thinking there's no way, there's no way the optics alone that you wouldn't shave a few million off, especially when To allow yourself son's making it 2 million a year. So he didn't do that. Well, what he did do, and I've never seen this before, and if anyone can explain this, I would love to know what the explanation is.


No trade clause, but there's a 15% trade kicker. How does that make sense? They can't trade him, but it's a 15% trade kicker if they do trade him. What? What is that? I don't know. I don't know either. Can he waive the no trade clause? I just raised my suspicion for se I just thought it was, I've never seen that before. Are I? Don't are you saying Well It was like, yeah, if we, if a wink wink, yeah. If we have to trade you in January, then you'll get paid, you'll get that money back and then some, I just don't understand it. And then I was looking at like, all right, what's their panic trade in December?


It's like they, I, I don't even know what the panic trade is 'cause nobody wants like Daniel Russell at 18 million a year, right? Nobody wants Gabe Vincent at 11. He, he'd be like, oh well package our picks our contracts together with a couple picks And it's like, I don't know if anyone wants that. 'cause then they're stuck with the contracts. And the only guy I can look at that it made sense to me was Levine who his stock crater to the point that Golden State was offered Levine for Chris Paul who they were gonna wave and Wiggins and they were like, we're good. No thanks. So Levine basically has anti-trade value now. And I don't, other than him and well you should Deandre Aton, who else, who else would the Lakers even get Levine's contract and his injury history tells you everything you need to know about the market.


So that makes sense that you're attaching something to that for someone to take that on. But with the amount of time left on that deal, it's not even really like the salary dump. It's like now you have to deal with this thing. So that's Three years one 50 left, which makes it impossible to trade. Right? Right. The other thing that you're hinting at here is why is there a trade kicker? I didn't, I didn't see that part of it. I saw the no trade part because when it was happening and I thought, are they actually, 'cause the initial report suggested that they were gonna be just over like the second apron just over it. Yeah. And I was like, there's no way. There's no way they can go into it. And then it would be really weird if LeBron becomes passive aggressive about the lack of activity before the trade deadline. And it's like, well dude, we we're, we're stuck.


We're stuck on this one. Well, I mean they haven't even started the season and guys have already been in trade rumors with them, right? It was like we're gonna get Qua Thompson. It would've been a sign of trade with DeAngelo Russell. Well I wonder if LeBron knew about that one And now the season started it's like, Hey DeAngelo, good to see you again. How was your summer? It was like, oh yeah, I tried to trade you for the ninth time. The report was, and Clay apparently had dinner down here at the Bottle Inn with the Dallas. Look at that contingency at Yeah, I know when I, once I read the story I was like, oh, right down the street. Get take out from there all the time. And the report was that the Lakers were willing to go higher and even what Dallas did and that Clay was like, look, I can see how I fit in with Dallas immediately, even though I think there's some Dallas questions about your perimeter defense if you're closing with Clay, Kyrie and Luca.


Oh you think Yeah, I lo I lo because Clay can't guard anyone anymore. That was, that was what was so funny about the Laker scenario. It's like, oh good, another guy who doesn't play defense, he'll fit right in as everybody's going by all these dudes. I don't like what the Lakers have done at all. And really the only, What else else were they gonna do after the ad and the LeBron extension? Don't LeBron take, I don't think they did either. Think they're paying a hundred, a hundred plus million for two guys. But basically they need Vanderbilt to be healthy and they need connect to be good to at least be like a, a ninth man who can play and shoot and they kind of need Gabe Vincent to be who he was two years ago.


So there's, there's three big can this happens. They're not inconceivable. But other than that they're, I don't, I don't think they're getting that Davis durability season again. Do you? It says durable. Durable is, I mean, and we'll talk about Paul George and the Sixers after the break, but are they getting that Paul George durability season again? Not sure. No. I mean the better bet would be that you're not gonna get the same level of durability from him because it was basically unprecedented for him at this stage of his career. Yeah. Considering how, how much he's been hurt in the past, but it was an awesome season. I think you'll see more reeves on the ball. I think you'll see him initiating more stuff. I think that's what Reddick is probably looking at because I think in the beginning, ham didn't quite understand. Reeves benching him would tip me off to that.


Well how about in the playoffs when the first playoffs a year ago when that was like their best asset against Denver and then him just, he just wouldn't get the ball in the the fourth quarter. Remember how much trouble Denver had matching up against Reeves, that first playoffs series and then you're right like that last year he ham didn't get him at all. I get the criticisms with ham 'cause I didn't think he did a great job last year. But to your original like conspiracy bill point of the LeBron part of it, it's just not very, 'cause I think anything's on the table when you're theorizing what could happen, could LeBron say, all right, I played with my son on the same floor but we're not winning it. But who's, who's trading enough assets back for a $50 million price tag on a player, even if everybody wanted LeBron?


I don't know. So I don't And then the Clippers, it's like, no, they're gonna be better with Platoon and Derek Jones and the Paul George Minutes. Now they're gonna emphasize defense's. Like they're definitely not gonna be better guys. I have Clipper fans in my life who are like, now it's more of a team now it's like, just stop. Paul George was really good last year and Kauai, I've no idea if Kawhi is playing in the team. USA scrimmage tomorrow, much less, 80 more games. I, to me, the Equippers, I have them last out of all those teams, zubo, Batum, Kauai, Derek Jones and Hardin, and then Man Powell, Chris Dunn, Coff Bomba.


That feels like a lottery team to me. That's like one 20 game Kauai injury and you're in the lottery. Yeah, Kauai The west is too good. The fact they got both those guys all NBA level and then Ka Hawaii's just not available for 'em in the first round. I think anything was possible for that team if they were healthy in the West. I really do. I mean that last year that, yeah, that run was incredible. I still think that win against Boston was the single most impressive game I'd seen from a team all season long. Like I'd put that game up against every other game that I watched this entire year where they kicked their ass and they were all locked in. And I went, this is, this is real.


Which is also why I could have understood, despite some of the cost stuff that we're talking about and how much we've all been just referencing the second apron here for weeks, where if they had just said, ah, we'll just run it back. Like at least this gives us a chance because of what we saw before. Even if the same thing with the Sixers and the Paul George part of it now, like Anthony Davis, as you just mentioned, some teams are just better health bets and the clipper still would've been a bad health bet. And you're right, if they don't have Kauai, I think Harden will put up some huge numbers. By the way, did you get any sense on who they were bidding against on that Harden deal? Or was that just a, Hey, this is kind of your status in the league and since that Felt like a wink wink from nine months ago? Yeah, who was going over 30 on him?


But we said that last year with Kawaii and Dallas, like sometimes they, they, there were no other, I mean not Kawai, Kyrie, there were no other Kyrie bidders last summer in Dallas. Still had to pay it. So I, I think it's just the way it goes. The, the thing for me with the Clippers and the Lakers is I think it's more conceivable to be that both teams miss the playoffs than make it, which is a pretty crazy place to be. When you think like six years ago when the Davis trade and Kauai and Paul George go to the Clippers, like, oh my god, battle la here we go. And now I look at it and it's like, maybe that would be a fun FanDuel bet. Do you think both LA teams could miss the playoffs this year?


Meaning not be one of the, one of the a playoff teams? I, I think it's, so that would be, it's piece nuts So that I'm just going off of last year's standings. That would be OKC, Denver, Minnesota, and Clippers out Dallas in Phoenix in, so that's five. And then you're putting Sacramento, Memphis basically taking somebody's spot. Sacramento stays in the top 10. Memphis takes somebody's spot in New Orleans. New Orleans, Maybe Houston. I mean Houston could also be one of those. We actually have too many guys who think they're hot shit. And this has been in kind of a weirdly unhappy season. EM'S mad at everybody. I could see that version of their season too. But I Of guys Weren't playing enough. But I like, I like Emme in that spot as opposed to a younger dude who's never been a head coach before with a young team where he'll just be like, I wonder how juggle everybody.


I don't care about your rookie extension. Like here are the eight guys. Yeah, well out of all those odds I, I think Memphis, Memphis at 20 to one seems like the best thoughts. All right, we'll take a break and we gotta talk about Philly and Paul George.


This episode is brought to you by Jersey Mike's subs, Jersey Mike's uses only the highest quality meat sliced right in front of you, powdered high with the freshest toppings. It is a Jersey Mike thing. My favorite is number 13, the Italian. Love the Italian. I'm half Italian. I like Italian subs. I especially like Italian subs made in good places like Jersey Mike's Planting Your summer picnic, backyard adventure or Beach Day. Well Jersey mike's, they have you covered with everything you need to beat the summer heat. They have your favorite summer sub combo. They have everything you want at Jersey. Mike's a sub above order on the app today or visit jersey mikes.com to learn more. Great app by the way,


this episode is brought to you by SimpliSafe. When you think of burglars, you think of cartoonish stereotypes like black clad figures wearing a bad ski mask lurking in the dead of night. According to the FBI most break-ins actually happen during the day and they even spike during the summer. Since more people are away from home. That's why it's important to get a reliable home security system now more than ever. Like SimpliSafe, I can't recommend them high enough. They'll protect your home from break-ins and more. With fast protect monitoring, live guard protection with them, agents can react fast and even deter intruders. Think about it, you go away. You're probably going away this summer. Don't you wanna know your place is okay? Don't you wanna know? you can check on your phone. Don't you wanna know people or watching whoever is kind of lingering on the outside and they might even be able to deter them from even taking one step forward. I've been away a couple times this year. It's nice to know that your place is covered. You gotta cover your place, protect your home this summer, 20% off any new SimpliSafe system when you sign up for Fast Protect monitoring, just visit SimpliSafe com slash bs. That is SimpliSafe dot com slash bs. There's no safe like SimpliSafe.


So Philly Science Paul George, we were expecting it for a while. What I wasn't expecting was him getting Caleb Martin and it's unclear what happened with his agent and people on the Miami side. The Miami media machine is mad. Apparently he turned down five for 65 and thought he could get more and not sure what happened. Maybe he didn't wanna stay but it was a tough beat for heat culture. Anyway, they get Caleb Barton and now you can at least see what the eight man rotation is and bead Paul George, Caleb Barn, Oubre Maxi, Eric Gordon, McCain, Drummond and Free agent Veteran minimum X as the nine men rotation plus Pix to trade if they wanna get more people this winter.


Did this change your feeling on them as a possible Eastern Finals representative Change? Well, I mean once it's all said and done, it's a, it's a complete home run of, of a free agent run. It's when you look at an off season and what everybody hopes your team will do, they actually did it and most teams can't pull this off. And just by Paul George not getting that fourth year for the Clippers, it changed everything. It turned Maury into this guy might lose his job and have to deal with MB to right the best off season of any front office guy in the league. Right. What do you think was plan B if Paul George, if the Clippers just gave him the fourth year or if Golden State if that trade, you know the, and Draymond was mad that Golden State that the Clippers didn't take the Golden State package.


Why would they take that package? Why do, why do, why do the Clippers have to take $50 million of players back for Paul George? Well I didn't understand the point of that. Well, I mean it was Draymond making the point so I know, but It was just like that. You, you're Matt, you they gotta do right by Paul George. So they have to go to the second apron to do right by him. It's Insane. Yeah, right. Or or the, the Clippers are like awesome. Now we have Wiggins, We we have Chris Paul at 30 million bucks. Yeah, cool. So Thanks. Yeah, they're real contenders. They have a chance if you, you're gonna play the health card against me, I can't win. I can't win in that argument. But that they were able to, it's just, just the, the fragility of of genius and failure And in other fields maybe it's a little easier to map out and and reach that ultimate position of being that admired for your ability to do whatever it is that you do in, in your line of work.


But for Maury, everything comes together just because the Clippers decided to do something that teams don't do historically where they go, ah, we're not giving you the fourth year to somebody like Paul George, which I totally understand. Like I can't get mad at the Clippers for keeping Paul George for four years. I can't get mad at them not wanting to go to the fourth year. But that puts everything else in emotion where now all of a sudden the rest of these guys are like Caleb Martin's like, okay, now I do want to go there. Like that makes sense for me to go to some kind of contender. So it's, that's a good point. I don't know what, I don't know what could be criticized about this Sixers off season. 'cause so many teams mapped this stuff out more than a year in advance knowing they still have a very slim chance of pulling this off.


And they did it. Here's where you could kill the Clippers for the Paul George thing. And by the way, I would've been terrified to give him a four year, 200 plus million dollar deal when he is already been in the league for 14 years. He's a metal rod in his leg. He's had a bunch of injuries. We've seen that go sideways and there's no going back. I mean even you think, I was looking back at the, I was looking through der Rosens playoffs in that first year when the Nets, when Pearson Garnet, Darren, Darren Williams and Joe Johnson and they played seven gamer Nets Raptors, right? And the Raptors end up losing by one Lowery gets blocked at the buzzer.


And I was like, man, I just, I don't remember the series at all and I'm looking at the box scores and KG plays like 20 minutes a game that first year for the Nets. And he is basically done remember? And it was like when they traded for him, it's like they're getting Paul Pierce and KG and it's like KG showed up at Brooklyn. It was a wrap. He was a corpse. He could barely move anymore. And I just wonder with Paul George, like this is what happens. You have a ton of miles, you have some injuries and then all of a sudden it goes sideways. So I get it from the clipper standpoint and yet they don't have their pick for the, for all four of these years. They don't. They have to swap it in 25. It's going to either Philly or OKC in 26.


They're swapping in 27 with OKC and and their 28 is going to Philly. So if I don't have my picks for any of those four years, I'm just signing Paul George for the four and then Maybe, you can trade him in December or whatever, but I, I just wouldn't lose the asset. I would not turn him into Jones and Platoon for 20 million. I'd be, I know about the second apron and I get all the things but I think it's really likely there in the lottery this year and that's a disaster. There's gonna be no way for them to get better. So I, it was an amazing stroke of luck for Philly. No different than when the Celtics did that Tatum Brown picks trade. Not realizing that Proco off within two years is gonna be like, I'm out.


I'm not spending money anymore. Now sudden you have their picks. Like Dara was pretty lucky that all of a sudden Balmer for whatever reason just looked at the chess board and was like, I'm out. Not, I'm not spending money like this anymore. But yet he doesn't have any of his picks. If I'd been in the room with him, I would've been like, yo Steve, let's do the whiteboard. You don't have 25, 26, 20. We don't have picks any of these years. Like how are we gonna get good players? But maybe they think they can get free agents agency a year from now. I don't know what do think that's, I wonder they were thinkings What that No, that's that's a great point 'cause it's the first thing that I wondered was like, do they, do they have a read on somebody down the line? 'cause everybody just keeps repeating, oh well they're moving into that new building, they can't do this.


It's like, well just 'cause you're moving into a new building, it's be like, hey let's have a title contending roster 'cause it's a new building, right? It's like all right, yeah. 'cause I wasn't thinking that before I found out about the new building. So let's start focusing on that now. But when we were just talking about the Clippers not that long ago in the pod, I can't imagine what it's like for Balmer in that new ownership seasoning of it looked amazing to be able to add Kauai and Paul George. But ultimately like this is what we're left with what three playoff round wins. Like nobody, if you had set the over under on how many series they're gonna win, you'd be like, Hey, by the way, you're only gonna win three playoff rounds the entire time these guys are here. So based on what you would've thought, the joy of actually pulling this off, pulling in two top 10, top 15 players at the time, the best version of Kauai, arguably like one of the best players in the league.


Even when you know the injury history, you're like, okay, this is a no-brainer. I mean it's just crazy that you throw in a Shaa Riss Alexander that becomes an MVP candidate on top of all the picks and everything else. Whether like some of these other teams, One of the pick turns into Jalen Williams. Just the, just the two, those two the best two guys at okc, It's early, right? It's amazing. It's really bad. So knowing like you could argue, well it's a sunk cost so don't resign Paul George because of all those picks. I still think other teams would've gone to your point, well we already used all these picks on this guy, so let's just, let's just keep him round. Because let's say, let's say there's a health luck situation with Kauai and Paul George, which I know nobody running a team would want to say like, oh cool plan Health Luck with two guys with notorious health track records.


We're just gonna have health luck again at the end of this year. But you know what, it's still probably better. And then in the fourth year, which I think is a really important thing is, okay, you don't wanna pay 'em in that fourth year, then just dump 'em on somebody else, dump 'em on somebody else. You Gonna dump them six months into the contract. The more I look at 'em, I'm just like, I'm signing 'em and figuring out later that's where I would've landed. I'm not losing the asset and I'm looking at the cap. That's what I would've gone. But Cap now as you're talking, they, they're not gonna have cap until the really, the 27 season anyway, the next two years. They're not gonna be able to sign a big free agent. I just think the best way to have people lose interest in your new building is to not have picks and to give up top five picks the next couple years potentially.


Okay, but we touched on something, we didn't really flush it out because I don't have an answer to it. Do they think that with the new building and everything and clearing the decks earlier means that they have the inside track on somebody? But then again, think about all the times we've heard about, oh this guy's gonna want out, this guy's gonna wanna leave. Like when New York was staffing its team with guys that had these roots to Booker and Carl Anthony Towns and Donovan Mitchell and it was like they're gonna have all these guys and when they become free agents, like that was always the big gossipy thing. And then it just doesn't happen. It's a really, like even if you got a hint at down the road, if you had more flexibility that it's really hard to predict. Predict those things and, and the actual times that it happens based on those two plus year rumors that we'll hear about some player things change so quickly.


Like the Donovan Mitchell one's a perfect example. Everybody was just repeating the same stuff over and over again, but then all of a sudden the Knicks can't fit him because, and they don't really need 'em. The Knicks don't Need him when the Nets don't want 'em. Yeah, Well the then the nets are terrible. So then why does Mitchell want to go there? Yeah. So now the shift of the league turns into, well you know what, maybe I'll just do the three year extension here in Cleveland. I'm getting my money, I'm still young enough. And then at 10 years in, in 2027, I think the projections are a max contract worth like $370 million. So that's not bad news for Donovan Mitchell. Yeah, Donovan Mitchell will be fine and and under the Illa rule, he can always just demand a trade in eight months if he doesn't like Cleveland that much.


I, I'll tell you this, the moment Kawhi gets hurt next year, which odds are he will, and now that is the James Harden show with just people standing your around watching James Harden. Guess who's not gonna be in the building for that me Fantasy draft though? No, thank you. Little fantasy. Little fantasy flyer Out completely. I Actually Can't wait. I can't think of anything worse than driving to Inwood and watching James Harden have a 40 point 42% usage rate as Derek Jones is standing here and Nick Platoon like, get me out. I'm not going, I might do it. I might go by myself smuggling my own six pack of, no just like smuggling a six pack of Coors Light and just start crack and be like, just see it one more time in its entirety because it's gonna be awesome.


It could go so sideways. It's crazy. I feel bad for the Clipper fans. Clippers have the ones that they've had for a while. They have good fans and it just not great. But with the Philly side, it think, and I did this last week with Wilds and I wasn't quite hard enough. I there's something, there's something, Let it out. Let it out. Let's, let's hear it. I was in ACAP Poco once with my, with my mom and my stepdad and Jeff Gallo, the best man in my wedding in the late eighties. And we got lost. It was pre, pre navigation systems, had the maps and we're just driving around and we get really lost and we're going down that this is huge.


Yeah, going down this one road and it's dark and we're like, well we should go down there maybe Maybe that's gonna lead to a street. And my mom all of a sudden she's like, no, we can't go down that road. There's something about the road going that way. It just freaked her out. She was like, no, turn around, just let's just go back. I don't wanna go down that road. She didn't like something. It's kind of how I feel about Paul George in Philly and I'm still sorting my feelings out. There's something about the fit of the player and the fan base that I just need to work through mentally because it seems like the kind of guy who's gonna drive them crazy.


And yet I completely agree they should have done the Done the Deal signed him. It made a ton of sense. I'm not down on it but there's something about him in Philly that makes me nervous. Does that make sense? Yeah, yeah. Okay. I think it's praise for pulling it off with also the caution of it 34 years old think if we're doing the health bad of heading to your 15 flippers, the Anthony Davis stuff that we've already touched on. And Philly's a real contender, like the whole point of this is they actually have a real contending team, the one through nine to put it all together. But yeah, he's not perfect. You called him one of the coin toss brothers last year.


Yeah, I voted for him. 13 mile NBA. That's one of many reasons why I think Philly had to do what they did. They had to get him, well They had to do It, percent endorse it. We didn't even talk like what are the other options? De Rosen at 20 plus million and then can you figure out a way to get he and KCP under the same thing? And then you're like, hey this, this is what we did, we're much better now. And you're like, We, I mean let's talk that out. If, if I gave you Dore DeRozen and KCP or do B Paul George for what Philly has with Embi who's pretty ball dominant when he is healthy and Maxi who's likes having the ball, would you be better off with the the Rose in KCP combo?


So it's a, it's a good basketball argument. I Darl was always going trying to get Paul George, that's who he is. He wants three stars. There was no question. And theoretically the three of them fit really well together. But I mean that Philly fan base is fucking tough man. It just is. They have the toughest fan base that is the toughest place to play in the NBA And their fans will both get mad when they hear that. But they know it's true. It's the toughest place to play out of all the teams and they're not gonna put up with the Paul George the first time. There's a TNT Thursday game against Boston and he goes one for seven with four points and they're just not gonna let, it's not the right team for that. So I just hope he knows that going in. Well I don't know that anyone can know it until they've actually experienced it.


Like he can think he knows it. But those moments are gonna happen. But during the regular season it's not gonna matter until it's the playoffs. And if those guys are all healthy, they have a really good shot. Now I still think the most important thing to combat that is to make MBI have to chase around a stretch five. Which is why if they had gotten through and faced the Celtics and MB had been healthier, well I can only go based on the version of what we saw mbi who was putting up huge numbers but also just still looked physically impacted by where he was at at that point of the season. He could not Protect the boards either. No watching him the way he played against the Knicks, if he had had to chase Pingus around, it was gonna be a wrap.


It just, he might've gotten his points but it was gonna be brutal for him to chase him around. So the Knicks don't have that with Mitchell Robinson. They're gonna have their own depth issue at center like some of these other teams that we're talking about. But you still can't go like, well hey I also want depth at center on top of bringing bridges to throw with this all those other guys and resigning OG the assets that you gave up. So it's still a great off season for them even if we can get really, really greedy with the way that we gr grade some of those things. So even though there's part of me that if you think of like the Der Rosen health part of it, but it's funny 'cause like I even think about Denver and everybody's trashing them right now and I go, you know, KCP at 20 plus million at this age and then also he's the fifth option and he could have zero points in a playoff game and you might not even notice like he, he Wasn't good in the playoffs No.


For him. And so you're like, should I give that guy 60? But then the two of those guys, he, I just think it's about the high highest end shotmaking ability and Paul George even with how good de Rosen has been. I think the idea of Paul George is that he's a higher level than, than even De Rosen. Right? I Think I agree with you because you made the key point before the fact that they got Paul George maybe opens the door for them to then get Caleb Barton and to get somebody at a discount they have when you think like the Knicks who I, we both loved what they did this summer still, I still have some next questions where Randall fits into all this.


I Don't know what they're gonna do about the center position. Seems like a relevant question. Who's gonna finish games for them? Last year they had such great chemistry and they, they had such a distinct identity when Randall went out and now you know they have really good players and all of them are gonna wanna finish games and I guess Randall's gonna have to play center for them. They're really gonna miss Arnstein. They know they're gonna miss him and I think he's gonna be just about impossible to replicate. And the Celtics who are not gonna have Pingus for two and a half months, like that's best case scenario. He might be gone half the year, they're just gonna be a different team coming off a title. It's always a little weird the year after.


So I Can't believe Horford continues to play at this age. Horford is gonna be legitimately 38, you know, coming off a hundred game season. So if I'm Philly, if I'm Orlando, I'm like hey man, we could, if we could stay healthy and and get our shit together like the, we could be a one or a two seat here because, because Seltzer Seltz are not gonna be the same team next year for the regular season that they were. And, and I don't think the Knicks are, I think the Knicks got better but also have some holes that I wanna see play out. And I don't know if they're getting that Brunson season again, as much as I love Brunson, I have him as the sixth best guy. Why not in the top a hundred? I dunno, he's just small guards.


I've just seen small guards have like that one guy, maybe I'm scarred from the Isaiah Thomas season when he was just incredible. And then at that was it, it was, it was kind of a, you know, just small guards with that kind of usage rate. I always make me nervous from an injury standpoint. He's 28 in August. I I, I think even if look it was an absurd year from him, but he's like another one of those guys. It's just like hesitant limitation guy. Like I can't, I've already done it too many times with him. There's there's no way and Maybe it's not the overall look, the overall stats are probably not going to be the same, but it's more a fact like does he look like he's as great of a shot maker in those huge moments?


I mean he's kind of answered every possible question you can have about this guy considering all the injury stuff. So if I have him six Bridge is Bridge is gonna get a few more shots, OGs probably gonna want a few more shots. Mitchell Robinson will want a lot of shots but he is not gonna get any of them. Just as an aside to the younger listeners right now or maybe the young younger content people out there stop fucking posting pictures of centers going between their legs in an empty gym hitting NBA threes doesn't mean anything. It's like me airbrushing myself next to like Christina Hendricks. Like it's not real. It doesn't did that. No. 'cause I don't even know how to use Adobe, but I'm just saying like every off season we see all these bigs because they never get to shoot these shots in the game.


They don't get to dribble along enough. And there's a reason why because in game it's not a real thing and there's all these other guys around 'em that are just way better at it. So the basketball, as they've aged, as they've become basketball adults, some other adult who's a coach goes, Hey cool stuff bro. You're not doing any of that here. Yeah. 'cause it's actually not a great idea to have Mitchell Robinson is sewing with a high high ball screen and then showing off this handle that nobody's actually trying to Disrupt these. Yeah, you're seven one, we're not letting your shoe pull up threes. Yeah. Now if you could make 'em like Weby then, then it's on. But it's just constant. Every off season I see these videos posted of these huge centers and it's like, man, so and so is in his bag this summer.


I can't wait to see this. It's like, no, I'm gonna tell you right now what it's going to look like. It's not going to look like any of that. Somebody is Never gonna have those plays. Everybody knows that. I love those, those social clips of so-and-so was a problem. Like the JR Rider was a problem. I love those. Somebody sent me one of it was Shaq's. Jumpshot was a problem and it was all these clips of Shaq making like 20 footers and threes and it was like, people don't realize Shaq could shoot from, it was like one of those, it's like Shaq never took those I we all watch Shaq all those times. It was like a miracle if he took 1 25 footer in a in a month. But his sh I gotta say his shot did look pretty good.


Like I did make the one Like what was the more, what was was, wasn't there a new one? Go ahead, I'll get to this. 'cause I know you're talking about Shaq. Well I was just like time machine Shaq, if you just took Shaq from 1992 and just put him now and he was shooting more jumpers, just what would that look like? It did got me thinking a little bit, but he was so unstoppable around the basket. It would've been stupid to have him shoot 20 footers for any reason. But anyway, Wasn't there a, did you have a Quincy AC was a problem post recently? I think I did. Yeah. Yeah, I'm looking at it this summer. I'm gonna be on the lookout for some of them. All right, so if I gave you Boston, Philly, New York, Milwaukee, Orlando as the five right now in July, July 7th, Shouldn't Cleveland be the sixth?


Shouldn't the Pacers be in there? I don't know. You tell me. Who do you have do, would you have the Celtics as the guaranteed one seed? And if you don't, who would you put in that spot? I don't know how you can, there's a case anybody unless, but I don't know if there is because I'd imagine that within Bead this year, okay and knowing how all these playoffs series have ended and Paul George's history, I wouldn't care about my seed at all if I'm Philly, I'm just not going to, Hey, you already won the MVP. They loaded it up. Like this year has to be about everybody being as healthy, being Ready as possibly April, right? Yeah. Because the Philly case would be, look how good they were when MB played last year.


Look at their record now we've made the team better around him and if we can get 67 games outta him, could we go 53 and 14 in those 67 games based on the track record of how good we've been when he played t Watch them. The best passer Is Mbbi the best passer outta this group? Well if you're picking holes, the lack of passing and then the rebounding thing is gonna be a real issue for them. And they were bad as a, as a rebounding team last year, you know, they had, they were 20th and then their opponents were eighth rebounding against them then the playoffs, the Knicks were like four to five above them game by game and in general they just, I thought that was a real issue for them.


So who that, Caleb, Barton, Paul, George, Maxey, like all, all these dudes they've added, they don't really have anybody who box out. so-and-So So they'll be able to switch on D though. Wait, we have to talk about, it sounds like you're slightly higher on Philly than I'm It would be dismissive to go. They have no chance. I don't Is anybody saying that or No? Okay. I I, I don't know. I don't know if I'm, I'm higher on 'em because I don't think anybody should be picking any other team to have the one seat other than Boston. Even with the center questions and the non pingus start to the season because those four guys, that one through four, like who's one through four is even close to that right now.


Yeah, I'm with you. The defending and title always makes me nervous. Can we talk about, you wanna go Fran's extension or Scotty Barnes extension or both? I think they're both. I think it's a both topic. I did a lot of work on this so You can Oh you did. I figured I I I did not like either extension at all. And for two reasons. One is I don't think those guys are max players and two, I don't understand the point of doing it a year early when we just saw Philly with Maxi be like, hold on man, we're giving you the contract. Just wait a year. It gives us more flexibility a year from now signings the whole thing. And also like deep down, if it doesn't go awesome, it's kind of easier as a trade asset.


Barnes, I just don't get at all. They're basically saying this is the face of our franchise and they, we've just not seen them win with them. Franz, we can talk about, but I, the Franz, I I, I honestly was stunned because I Just so you're more, he's a max More Stunned by Franz than Scotty Barnes. I Was, I was stunned by Franz. I would've waited a year seeing if he could shoot threes better and just seeing, seeing what improved in year four, the fact that they did it a year early, I just didn't get it. Most do it a year early when it feels like this is the Max Scott, the Max when it Tatum or Edwards or yeah, but Franz Wagner averaging 19 and five that, that's where I maybe draw the line And people could say that with Maxie, but Maxi took another jump beyond.


I mean of all the things that Maury's done here, Maxie being that as the 21st pick is like, that's such an incredible win to add somebody who's a flirtation all NBA guy maybe moving forward. I mean I know the guard position is stacked or whatever, but like I voted him as a starter for the all-star team. You know, I didn't, I mean even, even the best version of Maxie be like, oh yeah, a couple years into this, this is the kind of neighborhood that he's gonna be in. I mean that's incredible. So normally I don't know what the maxi number would've been, but they were smart to hold off on the whole thing. And I agree like it would, it would seem to just allow you a little bit more flexibility. But it feels like there are certain players that are anointed that you just know that you're giving him the max number. And it's the same thing with a Lonzo Ball deal where he does it what, a year early for the five years and 204 million or something like that.


Yeah, The other, yeah, yeah, Yeah. I said Lonzo my bad. The other problem with the PAs, but with, but with Palo you do it like I like, it's like, yeah, I get it. Palo's a no-brainer that the moment you could do it Tatum, you do it Edwards, you do it. I just don't think when you get to the Barnes Franz level, I'm gonna do it when it's the right year to do it. Why am I doing it a year early? Scotty has a better argument for it than Franz does. But let's go, let's go over a couple things here. Alright, yeah, lame was five years, 204 million, that was last year. So this number's five years, 225 million for Barnes. The problem is that the agents wanna report it as five years, 270 million and that's if they were to be all N-B-A-M-V-P or defensive player of the year, which Barnes actually, like there's, there's a case to be made that if he keeps improving that maybe he ends up on a third team all NBA, right?


Certainly more so than Fran at this point. So the two 70 numbers, the first number that you see on both of these players, you're going like, what the hell? Like look at that. It's 20. Yeah, right, it's 2 25. So if it's barn's making 10 million this year, 'cause it's the fourth year of the rookie deal, which is the second club option, there's no options on Scotty's deal. And the way this works is that we know that the max players 35 or 30% of the cap, the supermax is 35%. Well on these rookie max extensions, it's 25% of the cap. So if the cap continues to go from one 40 where it's at now to what would be the fifth year of Scotty Barnes deal and I just did like average 10 million a year up in cap probably goes up more than that, it's 190 million.


So you're still only paying like just over 25% of your cap number to that player. So as, as absurd as the numbers may be for Barnes, when the extension kicks in at 38, 42, 45, 50, well 48 and then 51,000,029 30, okay, it's, it's not, we have to remind ourselves it's not 51 million of the hundred $40 million cap, it's 51 million of the $190 million cap. And that's the cap where basically every team's gonna be way over the cap in the first place. So if you feel like the player has a chance to be the face of the franchise, which may say more about the rest of the Raptors roster where I did the numbers on that, like this year with Brown RJ Barrett and quickly it's gonna be like 78 million with those players.


And then when Brown's off the books and it's RJ quickly and then Barnes it's like a hundred million or 90,000,090, I think it's 99 million for those three players. You're going, man, you might be paying the wrong three players. So Oh you think Yes I do. It's why I brought it up. It's why I brought it up. But this falls into that category of transactions that happen in the league that I know you despise and it's the, Hey, make sure you take care of our guy. Do it a year ahead of time. Let's not bullshit this. Nobody ever seems to wanna say, Hey, we really like you Scotty Barnes, you're awesome but you're not a max guy yet.


Or even better with Franz. So why don't we do like five years, 180 for whatever reason, which I think has more to do with the relationships and the front offices and the long-term playing with all this stuff. And it's kind of sometimes the team's fear of pissing off their guy and not going like, You know, you know where this was, the Celtics with Jalen was a good example of this. The first contract they gave, not the second one, right? They signed him a year early, they took care of 'em, but they got kind of a pretty good deal on it. And as the years passed, Jaylen Ozi has a deal on it, right? He has whoever his agent was who made the deal. You have the other agents going, you realize you that deal's way too low. Like you should, you realize you made a huge mistake, right?


So now it's in his head, I'm underpaid, this sucks. And I think that's one of the many reasons why they were like, you know what, we're not gonna haggle with Jalen whether it's 2 85, 2 90 or 300. Like let's pay him. The guy deserves it. I think that the case against everything you laid out is what Philly did with Maxi last year because they're like, yeah, we're gonna take care of you. Just keep getting better. Give us a year. Just trust us. And I don't know why like Toronto couldn't have done that with Scotty Burns because They weren't gonna have the kind of cap space that Philly was projecting. Like this entire 24 summer for Maury was about preserving this cap space. It's why they didn't do anything. The deadline, don't think those guys are back.


It's Why didn't take back Guys like we left that, we left that playoff series last year wondering like, like what's up with Franz? Like what if, if Franz just never learns how to shoot threes, what the hell is he? He's still pretty good. Somebody. Yeah. Could he be a top three guy on a, like a real title team if you can't make threes? I don't know. I just think the Maxi thing is, you're right, but it was so specific to what their cap situation was going to be that if Philly didn't have the cap room or weren't, they weren't planning it out the way they were where they didn't take anything back with Harden's deal that was gonna linger. Like he was clearing the decks hoping that Apol George would be available.


And it worked maybe with that part of it where Max's representation can understand, hey we're gonna be doing this because we're better, we're gonna take care of you, we're gonna give you the max deal, but the cap hold's gonna be so much smaller. Don't take the extension now. And where Barnes and and Franz are like, look, Orlando spent their cap space, they spent their cap space on KCP and resigning their own guys. Toronto has all of these guys that they've traded for that they decided to pay. I feel like we've had this same convo every summer and the question is always asked and my answer is always the same. 'cause the question is always, well what are you gonna do? Like you gotta sign these guys, right? And it's like, well okay, we asked that with Zach Levine.


Now this isn't like Zach Levine level because they, they had a year that could either be this year or next year when they did the extension. But the Zach Levine and Bradley Bay were the two best examples of what are we gonna do? You gotta, you gotta sign right? It's like, well do you think Chicago would do the Zach Levine thing over again? Like it was way too much money for him and now they can't trade him. And I just feel like I'm not a hundred percent sure if Franz can live up to this contract. I like him. He's a good player. I had him on my top a hundred list, I had him as like the 68th best player in the week. But you know, I just look at like, like somebody like Austin Reeves who we felt like took less than he was worth when he did that Lakers deal last year.


There's some sort of middle ground between Reeves didn't get enough. But I feel like those Franz Barnes contracts are just too high. I just, I just don't get it. Well Reeves is in a tougher spot because of where he was drafted and his contract wasn't structured in the beginning the same way a guy like a lottery pick like Franz is true. Where it's very clear like this is what you're gonna make. These are the two club options you go to fifth year restricted. It just doesn't seem to happen. So there has to be a reason why it doesn't happen. There's a reason why teams don't wanna mess with their lottery pick the same way the Timberwolves did with Kevin Love where they tried to be cute about it But we didn't like that. Neither of us liked that when it happened because it was like this, this guy, well Especially with Kevin Love because felt like An all he's far more established clear.


Whatcha guys doing? Fucking sign him. Yeah, that's a little different. Franz. I'm not sure his area. All right, well we'll agree to disagree. We were, take one more break and then I gotta figure out from you what's happening with the Miami Heat.


This episode is brought to you by Michelob ULTRA. Michelob ULTRA good for many things. Camping, barbecues, cheering on your favorite team, hanging out on a nice summer night, which I just did actually on Friday night. Just sitting outside just having a beer. And guess what? Michelob? ULTRA because they sent me a bunch of Michelob ULTRA and it's really good. And there were only a couple left and I was mad 'cause every time we put it in the fridge somebody drinks it, but it was delicious. Be sure to stock up for the summer. Enjoy Michelob ULTRA, a superior light beer. Order a pack of MLO Bocho today. Have it delivered through doordash.com. LDA 21 and up


This episode is brought to you by PNC Bank. Unlike this podcast, some things in life should be boring like banking. 'cause boring is pragmatic and responsible levelheaded wise, all the things you want your bank to be, you don't want your bank to be exciting. Exciting is for three point buzzer beaters, not banks. That's why PNC Bank strives to be boring with your money. Because when your money is doing what you need it to, you can do all the unor things you wanna do with it. PNC Bank, brilliantly boring since 1865. Brilliantly boring since 1865 is the service mark of the PNC Financial Services Group, Inc. PNC Bank National Association member FDIC.


All right, we talked about how the Lakers are exactly the same as they were last year. So are the Miami Heat usually they have the big splashy move the, I didn't see that one coming and it really feels like ever since that Dame trade fell apart. I don't know where this team is now. I don't think they're in the, you me, we mentioned six East teams that we like more than them in the previous segment. To me they look like a playing team. There's also some variants, like if they get another Jimmy Butler only plays 50 to 54 games type of season. Maybe they're like a nine seed and I don't really know what they're up to.


What are they up to? Illa You left out. I mean it's really funny if you go on one of the depth chart sites that I look at, it hasn't been updated. They have three starters listed. Seriously. Yeah, I mean it's, it's stupid. It just, they made laugh when I was looking at it. Nobody wants hero's contract, believe it or not. Yeah. Tyler Hero is not as good as Tyrese Maxie. Some people argued last year that Maxie was, was not as good as hero. Somebody's gonna want to come there and we've made heat culture jokes for years. I stopped making 'em after 23, at least I tried to. But just because you have this great organization, their development track records are incredible.


You know, they do really good stuff. Like think about how many years, all these different players, like on the margins were like, that guy's gonna be good, right? Like How did, how did that happen? But like who, what did they do wrong? Like I think there's a difference between they did something wrong and there was just literally nothing available to them. And I don't think anything was available to 'em and they were in a a tough salary spot. They just weren't gonna have the flexibility on top of everything else unless somebody demanded. That's where I'm going. And they thought they had that last year with Lillard and it didn't work. They're starting lineup right now would be Bam, Jovi Butler Hero and RO with Robinson and Hawke where Alec Burkes Love Josh Richardson, that's their bench.


Robinson is an expiring, he is at like 19 million. So he is a little tradable. But at the real problem is what you mentioned with Hero. If he doesn't have kind of trade value, it even seem like he might have last year. That's, that's a killer. And I wonder like are they a potential Brandon Ingram team with Hero and is that like a three teamer where maybe this is the team that rolls the dice on Brandon Ingram and hopes to he culture him? There's the Butler thing is I, I don't think anybody knows where that's heading, but that, I was trying to think like, there's so much talent on the league now and there's so many good to mediocre to decent teams that we're gonna get to December and there's gonna be three teams who are just super unhappy that need to make a move.


And I wonder if maybe that's Miami's destiny. Is this a December? Oh, Miami's up to stuff. But other than that I can't see what they're doing because there's no way they're a top six team in the east right now. I don't see it. No, no chance. And we didn't, and I put them behind Indiana too. So they're, the Pacers Don't get talked about at all. I mean, right. Cleveland, Orlando, the Pacers, they still should be talked about here a little bit, right? We didn't, we haven't talked about the Bucks really either. So there's just no scenario where they're in the top seven and then the Bucks who ended up getting Delan, right? Which I like, but other than that seems like they're just bringing everybody back and hoping on Dame having a big recovery season.


So I don't know, the league is super deep. You look at these teams, you're like, wow, that's a nine seed. And you look at Miami and they have BAM and Jimmy Butler and I don't feel like they're potentially a top a playoff team. We'll see what happens with them. What are you, you know, Can we stay on this though? I, I wanna stand because it was something that you said without me and you basically were saying this version of the NBA isn't as exciting and granted you're gonna get a ton of grief because it felt like you were already worried about the tax implications of all the Celtics contracts and that with these new restrictions, if I'm hearing you right, that now the league has too much parody and then that turned into the NFL, you think being more fun than the NBA.


So I wanted to, I wanna stay on that with you 'cause we haven't even talked about it off the air. Yeah, the thing that, the thing that I said last week was, I don't like that teams that do everything right somehow still get penalized by it. That's the part I don't get. Like if you draft your own stars, if you make smart trades, you still get screwed. And I, the the thing, and I guess Zach, 'cause I was texting with Zach about it, apparently he wrote a piece in 2018 about how to take care of franchise guys with the luxury tax. And you know, if you have curry for 15 years, should curry count full boat on your luxury tax or should he count 70%?


I just wish the league rewarded teams for continuity, which they just don't, they don't care. I think they, I think this is what they want. I think they love when it's like crazy June crazy July, crazy February, people hopping around. I think the agents like it. I think the money gets dispersed in a different way and everybody's spending it and I don't like it as much. Like I, I think what we had, and this is what I said the other day, like what we had when Clay's leaving the Warrior, it was a big deal. Partly because he played there for 13 years and him and Curry and Draymond lasted together that long. And that's what we're giving up with this new apron stuff. I don't think it's possible to keep teams.


What is OKC gonna do four years from now? Like let's say they have like a really nice run here with Chet and with SGA and with Jalen Williams and some of their young guys, they're not gonna be able to keep that together. So that's just the league we've, we've stumbled into is just these short bursts of having a team that's good for three, four, maybe five years. But if you really stumble into something great, you can't keep it. And I don't think that's right. Yeah, But you're suggesting that if it's really something great that it could have staying power for longer than five years. And I don't really know that we've had a ton of examples of anything lasting longer. Maybe the player on the team like a magic or a Jordan, it's twos or threesomes.


Yeah, it's two people or three. And then the supporting cast changes around them. So Golden State had the three guys that managed to stay together. Boston has Tatum and Brown now heading into year eight and year nine together. OKC will potentially have their guys hanging together for a while. But that's you, you really talking about a nucleus that's a little smaller like the Celtics, it's t it's really about Tatum and Brown. Right? Ultimately that'll be what makes that special. Everybody else will kind of move in and out of their orbit. But it's those two guys that'll be what less And I, I'm worried they're not gonna be, be able to keep that. But the league probably has more parity. We have six straight different champs.


Yeah, the league has more parity than the NFL does right now. True. Well the NFL there's more the what? Six quarterbacks. I feel like your, your defense attorney be, I think the NFL has more par than the NBA. You don't think like the N NBA has, does the NL has the ability to have I Don't think it does. I don't think it does. The NFL has the ability to have like the packers just jump. Yes, but seven wins in a year. The NBA doesn't have that. Yeah, it's 'cause of turnover's usually more than anything else. Yeah, I think sometimes I'll IF to fall for it. Like a new coach could come in and everything and it's like, okay, well last year there were minus 12 in turnovers and this year they were plus 10 and then we acted like they were a completely different team. I mean that's kind of what that score is.


The new coaching is part of it Is you're sitting there going, how is this team that was up 21 to three trying to hold off this team that's down eight points at the very end. It's like, oh. 'cause there were a couple turnovers. I don't know that it means the product, there's less possessions and all this sort of stuff. But when I, when I watched what you were talking about, it wasn't that. I was like, you're totally wrong. I think we actually have to see how the second apron plays out here a little bit. And we're in a stretch of parody with basketball, which is I thought what people didn't like about basketball where there weren't enough teams, it was just the same teams over and over again. Especially when you go through the teens of LeBron with the heat and then Cleveland up against the Golden State machine. Like that was, that was a criticism. Even though more people watched it, the criticism was how, what's the point?


The season hasn't even started yet. It's gonna be Gold State and Cleveland League NBA finals. And for the most part that's what we got for a really long stretch. So now that we're not, we're gonna have that happen a lot less likely in theory. 'cause I still think some of this stuff plays out and you're like, Hey wow, that's crazy. The guys that are the five best players in the league are still winning all the titles. How different is it really? It feels like there's more parity. I know, but I think you're missing the point of like what your argument, the piece that I cared about. Yeah. Yeah. Because you talk about like, yeah, Mahomes borough in the NFL, there's what six, seven teams that we kind of know are gonna be in the mix every year As long as the supporting cast is good, but they're all attached to specific cities and they don't lead the cities in the NFL.


Right? Like Brady was with the Patriots for 20 years. Even Dak Prescott's been in Dallas for 10. Mahomes is gonna be in the Chiefs his whole career. Joe Burrow's gonna be in the Bengals his whole career. You go on down the line, the infrastructure is really the quarterback and the franchise and maybe the coach too in the NBA. I think what's what's shifting is are we gonna have that quarterback kind of possibilities with the rosters? Whereas like, like the Celtics, Tatum and Brown together are the quarterback with the Warriors. It was Curry and Quay forever were kind of the quarterback of that. Milwaukee was Giannis and whatever infrastructure you can put around it, but Giannis is probably gonna be the next one Who wants to leave?


I like when the guys stay in the same cities. I like that. To me that's the most important thing. if you have a best guy that you've rooted for forever, I don't think you should have to be worried the guy's gonna take off like that. It should be a situation where that guy and whoever like his best teammate was or whatever, then that should be what you get to watch for more than four or five years. And I think the NBA is now risking that in a real way with the second apron stuff. They're just gonna make the cel. You think that Jalen Brown is gonna be on the Celtics in four years? Like I really don't know. Which seems insane. Those guys should be retire together. What, 13 years in? Yeah. The likelihood is not gonna be on the Celtics anymore, but this is depressing.


It'll Be right. But if it's Tatum and Brown, maybe that's the way like you just said it so I'm not presenting this to you as if you didn't think of it. 'cause yeah, back to your original point, it was why penalize, this is almost more about an Oklahoma City discussion than it is even a Celtics discussion at this point. Right. But that's kind of when I brought it up, it wasn't a Celtics discussion. I know, I just, I was just having fun with you on that but I, because that's what It turned into. But to me, what about Yoic and Murray? That's another one, Right? Yeah. But Yoki and Murray will always be able to work out. The problem is they paid Aaron Gordon so much money, they paid Michael Porter Jr. You wanna talk about doing a deal like sight unseen, especially with the injury red flags. Even though look, you get a title, nobody's really gonna care about it all that much.


It's still probably gonna be the two guys. It may just be eliminating the third guy or the assumption you can always add the third guy and the third star things eliminating species. The second guy Species. I don't think you're, I don't think you're, if you have two really good guys, what about Edward Towns? Are they gonna stay together? I hope not. You know what else though with the second apron and the analogy I've used in the past is like there's a reason why there's like when you're younger, it's good for you to have a credit limit, even if you could probably afford have it be a little bit higher. Yeah. Is that you're just gonna end up spending to the credit limit. Especially when you're younger. At least for me, when you're stupid and you're just, you know, whatever, you're not exactly hosting Squawk Box. So the owners do the second apron thing to make sure that happens.


Even though like what 14 of the last 16 title winners or taxpayers, Howard Beck did a really nice piece on The Ringer that I encourage people to check out with all this stuff because even the players associations, they were talking about the second apron, it's like, wait, isn't this kind of like limiting some of the freewheeling spenders that you have here? And the players association rep in the piece even said it's basically like two to three teams every year that would even have gone over the second apron. So it's not like it's limiting everything. And then on top of the thing that's always important to remind all of us is that whatever you think the second apron does in limiting spending and costing players money, it doesn't really, because it's all part of the 51 40 9% split and that there actually already is in theory a hard cap. The players are making 51% of all basketball related income.


It's just what it is. Now I do think that this is a player empowerment pivot on top of everything else because as this continues to play out and there's going to be the guy that's a great player that's like, I want to go there, figure it out. They'll have a rule book for those teams that are flirting with the second AP that go, we actually can't do it. We didn't wanna do it before but we had to. Now I don't know that we can actually do it. It just, there's no freedom. The freedom of movement is limited in the way that we've seen in the past. So sure it's, it saves the owners, the taxpayers, a ton of money compared to what they were doing before because they're just gonna be so incentivized to say under it.


But I think the player movement has a big part of it, which yeah would penalize OKC if they had five guys. But I don't know that the Celtics are a really good example. Like it's so rare that they could have five guys like this all be this good at the same time all making this much money. Well that's true, but I think with the, like let's look at San Antonio, right? Let's say castle's really good. Let's say they'd nailed that pick. He ends up being the best guy in the draft. And let's say they get some awesome guy in the 2026 draft, let's say they get let, they stumbled into aj, now they have Wimpy and Castle and aj and then, I don't know, Sohan becomes Scotty Pippen. Now you have the four guys. I don't see how you keep the four guys together.


Now the reason I was thinking about that to frame the cost of a franchise player is 'cause you know, that's something the NFL should probably have too. And I've, I've made the case for that too with them. Like if you have Mahomes and you've had Mahomes for 10 years, should he count against the salary cap in exactly the same way? You know, this is what happened with Brady, with New England forever, where he had to take discounts. Remember the last like what, 5, 6, 7 years where he took less money so they would allegedly, Right, So it, sign all Those receivers. They kind of fucked them on it yet they kind of fucked about it. But I don't know, I, I just, I like rewarding teams for ingenuity and continuity and if we can't do that, I just think this is what the league's gonna become.


Wherever every just guy's bouncing around and maybe one guy is attached to a team and that's it. In football it's different because you have, if you have one of the six, seven quarterbacks, they usually don't go anywhere, right? You like Matt Stafford Switch teams, cousins switch team. Like now I'm already dropping down the cousins level. But if you have like one of the OG guys, those guys usually don't switch teams. They stay there forever. And that becomes the continuity. But based on the thing that you just laid out with Spurs, like what if they nail it? Okay, so what are they gonna have like four All Stars, four consistent all stars all at the same time. It doesn't really even happen. The fourth guy wouldn't even have enough options to even be able to put up the numbers that would Go back to the eighties Celtics and Lakers.


What, how would those teams have stayed together? Like everyone sizes, all those teams that they, they would've had to get rid of McHale and probably Danny Age by like 1987 the Lakers, there's no chance they would've been able to keep Worthy and Kareem and Magic and Byron Scott, like that team doesn't exist. So I, I just, I hope people understand that that's where we're moving. You might get like for one year or two years, like with the Celtics situation where you have like the five or six guys, but they're not gonna have that a year from now like that. This is the last year for this group together. Right? So they have a chance to go back to back but then after that they'll have to trade for Zenga or they'll have to trade JR holiday and maybe they'll even have to make two trades, not one, just to try to get under this second apron.


It's gonna cost them like four 50 million to have the team. You think if they repeated with those guys under contract with the holiday extension done And the thing that scared me about the Pingus trade wasn't so much who he was and what the number was, it was that they had to do the extension for him to pick up the player option because that was all part, part Of it's only this year and next year, right? Yeah. But it still was. But next year A three year commitment. Yeah, it's a three year commitment to somebody like Pingus with the injury history. So then you've got the Tatum deal that's gonna surpass the Brown deal that was historic and, and all these things that were, but if they were to win again or say like losing the NBA finals or something and everybody feels healthy and everybody likes what they're doing, I you think there's gonna break it up to, to avoid being a second apron, second time offender and have their first round draft pick moved to the back of the first round.


Can you even, like what are you really doing? Well it's not just that, it's that repeater tax, right? It would be the lineup, the whole rotation a year from now I think would cost like 450 bucks with the tax or 450 million bucks with the tax. I just don't, right? But I mean the, it's A crazy amount of money. The traffic part of it's irrelevant. 'cause if you're that good anyway, all of a sudden it's like, oh no, we went from 29th to the 30th. Like, Well what do you think they should have done? Like do you like the second AP April? No, the second AP April. Do you like this new system? If my goal was, I really, when I, when we first talked about it and then we, I, I admit it, I have to sometimes it's like the Bridges, Nick's, Houston trades altogether and just trying to map out all the draft picks being like, do I have this right yet or do I have this wrong?


Is it five or is it six When there's new changes like the CBA, like I have to go over it a few times before I really realize it and then I gotta read like other people to see if there's stuff that I'm missing. And then I usually sent Bobby Marks a hundred texts. Right? Of course the owners have to have something in place to prevent themselves from themselves. Because one of my favorite things ever when that hockey lockout happened in oh four and I was buddies with a bunch of guys that I'd gone to school with that played and I just was like, what's going on? And like one of 'em just said, we were just hanging out. He's like, Hey, if it's that big of an issue, stop paying us. Right? And It's super simple. The nmb is 20 years ago is same thing.


They couldn't, they couldn't stop themselves. Yeah, it's a really simple thing. But like if I were a player, I'm going, so what am I, I'm supposed to give you back, the hockey guys get destroyed in that thing. They had to give back like 25% of their, it lost existing contracts, lost the season they had like look at the Maple Leafs team spending and then what the first cap was versus versus what the Maple Leafs were actually versus what they were actually spending in the past. You're like, you're making that team that was spending that much and combine payroll go down to this number to have everybody else be able to catch up with them. And if you're a player you're going so you guys can't help yourselves. But it's our fucking fault, right? So like I philosophically just believe in that.


I just, I believe in the player side of that. But the players are, excuse me, the owners can't help themselves. So they have to put all these mechanisms in place. But I just think that the freedom of movement for the the Suns, the suns are gonna be this, this test of scaring the shit out of all these other teams. Well that was basically, so you look back at Golden State a couple years ago, which is the reason I think we had the Sacred Second apron to begin with. 'cause what was that time they, who'd they spend like 350 million on the roster and they just kept adding stuff, taking on contracts and people were pissed off about it Over four years. Lake up and Balmer met and this is Bobby Marx's number 950 million combined over four seasons in tax case.


And that's why we have this rule now 'cause of those two types, right? Yeah. And people were like, what the fuck man? How are we supposed to compete with this? You're just, you're just hemorrhaging money and you don't care But you, but you want, you like the Warriors though, being able to keep everybody, you Well they did what they did, what it took to win the 22 title and it worked. I just feel like I don't ever wanna get to a situation where, where we're redoing basically with the new rules. What just happened with Clay and Draymond and Curry and Clay's gone in like 2018. Right? And you don't even get 20, even though the last few years of the qua experience wasn't that much fun. But I look at what's gonna happen with Boston. Like I, I don't, I just really worry that Tatum and Brown are gonna retire as Celtics.


Maybe one of them will, but, but with these new rules it almost seems inconceivable. Both will. Which I don't think is good for basketball, you know? And if they can't figure out any sort of wrinkles to t to have teams take care of guys, they drafted smart things they did. I don't really understand what we're doing. But I would say that about football too. But we also had the same thing with OKC when it was Harden Durant, Westbrook and Ibaca. Now they made a mistake. They could have wrote it out another year. They didn't really get back enough when they did the Harden trade. Harden also was somebody we didn't realize was gonna become this impactful as a one for a team because his role was diminished and you know, good for him.


Like there was a number they that they offered him. No, they checked out. They made mistake. Yeah. Was down mistake Six and a half million bucks. It has happened before. I still, I know I, I just feel like Maybe you were overreacting to it a little bit in that if you have two special players you're gonna be able to keep the two guys together. And I think the Celtics are a really rare case of like roster construction. Because Go ahead. No, I worry Denver is the flip side of that though. That Denver's Boston two years From now you keep you guys together. But if you make any mistake now, like you mentioned the Porter contract, once you have the two guys, if you make any mistake around those two guys, you almost can't recover. You know?


Now Yoko Jam Murray, instead of playing with Caldwell Pope, they have to keep their fingers crossed that Peyton Watson can hit a corner three in round two. That's the part I don't like. I had one more question for you and I really want your honest opinion of this. Do you think Sir Rudy's gonna root for Germany or the USA in the world basketball in the Olympics? Deep, deep. Well he is a soccer guy. Deep. Yeah he is a soccer guy. You never know. Like I always feel like, see this isn't fair because I shouldn't say this about all soccer fans 'cause I don't believe this. Although I've really enjoyed soccer. But then after watching Uruguay and USA and then watching Spain, Germany, I was like, this feels like two different sports. I don't know, that's tough.


Maybe that's just my untrained eye enjoyed the shootout last night. But the earliest soccer people, when I used to hate soccer and make fun of soccer and I was in the andal like everybody else that didn't like soccer, I always felt like my guys that were big soccer fans were like borderline communists and they'd be the kind of guy that would like root for another country in the Olympics. So I've since softened my stance that because soccer's just too popular now. There's plenty of guys that I know that are just not likely to become communists that like international soccer that get up for Premier League sounds More mainstream. I agree. Yeah. Yeah. It's more mainstream now. So if you'd asked me this 20 years ago, I'd say, yeah, so Rudy Rudy's probably root rooting for rooting for somebody else.


No, but I'm talking about the basketball. Yeah, I know, I know The wa the Wagner brothers playing The Americans, let's say in a, in the quarterfinals deep down, If Fran hits a, if Fran hits a game winner against team USA, he's not gonna be upset. Bring him in. He Needs the answer. Sorry, come on in. Just give us the answer. Oh boy. Well I mean they won the World Cup last time around Franz was the best player on the German team and now everybody thinks Franz sucks. So I guess that's Where we're after Rudy, Don't, Don't do that. Don't be like that. No, I think there's a lot of front. Who do you think is like, stay with us on this one sir. Who took the most damage in the last like two months?


The perception of them? In On the magic or just in the N NBA general? No, just in the N nba. It's like Franz, all NBA first team perception damage. I think this is where like the white Euro thing, we're not totally over it. It's like, oh look at that. You know, Franz, I, I knew he wasn't good 'cause he, he has, he doesn't look incredible when you watch him play. He's like a savvy guy that gets to the rim and does a lot of nice things. But I think, you know, there's a lot of people who are waiting for big, actually he's not that good. And I think the playoffs, although people conveniently forget Game four where he was awesome, he had 34 points was incredible. Conveniently. Yeah. And he had a terrible game. Seven. He didn't have a great shooting season. I would argue that. And I wouldn't, it's not an argument. I would tell you that basically every other part of his game got better last year.


Just three point shooting was down. So you know, he shot mid thirties for most of his career. Michigan, Germany, first two years in Orlando and junior high bad three point shooting year last year. Junior even junior high. Great shooter, you know. So I don't know. I'm comfortable with my Franz take bill. Are You comfortable with the Franz Max? So what's the, let's play this out. So he gets to, so they don't give it to him this summer. Yeah, he plays it out next year. Yeah. And you have to pay him the exact same contract and if he gets the restricted free agency and somebody actually makes him an offer, they're not gonna max him out either. Like, I just think teams are gonna get desperate to add a guy like that. He's really good and he's 22 years old. So it could blow up in their face. But this is the first time in 12 years that the magic have had like something tangible to be like, these are our guys.


And why you would mess with that. Now if Franz is like, Hey man, I want the, I want the max and I want it this summer or next summer, why not keep the good vibes going? And I I I see what you, I see what you're saying. Like it's the same exact thing next summer. Why not just wait, but if he has a terrible season this year, then you're, I don't know, you're almost like, then what happens then you have to talk about making a move. I, I don't know. I think let the guy let he's your guy back him and then hopefully he takes another leap next year. Well but that doesn't answer the question of who are you gonna root for if Germany plays the US and this, Oh I'm not one those guys. I'm not one of those guys that, I mean it's like the, what is the New Jersey Italians that root for Italy in the World Cup over the over America.


I'm not one of those guys. Come on. I root for the US first. I know, I I I will be rooting for France and I do root for Italy whenever they don't play the US and soccer. But come on now. Red, white and blue. Let's go. Alright, that's good to hear. Especially after what happened with with the soccer team. I think we need to avenge some piece of the basketball. I was looking at the Canada For halter out. Is he out? No, no, no, no. Well there's supposed to be a decision this week. Who knows man, who knows? Edie's not playing for Canada, which I was kind of bummed out about 'cause I thought that would've been a fun wrinkle. But Canada, I looked at all the rosters. It'd be really tough for America not to win this.


I'm trying to figure out it. There would have to be some sort of ego alpha dog weirdness on the team I think for them not to Is it ant their business? How about that? I was gonna say Well that's the thing. Ant says that thing today about they know I'm the number one option. I was like okay here we go. This could get interesting 'cause I guarantee Embiid thinks he should probably get the ball at the end of games. LeBron is wire to have the ball in his hands in big situations and then it's gonna, I think it's gonna be a hard team to coach. You have all these, you have older players, you have players in their primes, you have players on the way up trying to prove something and they didn't do the thing this year when they put the two at the end of the bench who clearly aren't playing like all of these like Halliburton's probably the 12th man on this team now.


Halliburton was in the Eastern conference finals, you know, so I don't, I think it's gonna be a hard one then you have the Kauai piece of it. There's not a ton of defense once you get past the Tatum Edwards Drew Bam Davis Kauai if you wanna have the defensive lineup. So I don't know. I don't know how it's gonna play out. Why are you smiling Illa? Well because you said I'm worried about the defense then you just went through the guys, well I Went through six guys, guys as you defensive, but six guys that probably aren't, half of those guys aren't playing at the end of games. Like they're BA's not gonna play Crunch time Kauai. I don't know at this point what he will be able to consistently give you.


Maybe it'll be terrific. I don't know. But it one guy who think there's just gonna, I'd imagine there's just gonna defer to the older guys. Has it always been, is this the best example of like an absolute changing of the guard roster? Well they had a 92 I guess like maybe oh eight would be the other example. But even then like Kobe was in his prime. Yeah, this is I guess 'cause the guys are so much older now. Yeah you know where you have LeBron is almost 40 and Durant, you know the, you have guys from drafts that happened 20 years ago and 17 years ago. Mike get, here's my starting lineup. Tell me if you guys agree with this.


Edwards and Curry is the back court and Bead is the center and I think Durant starts 'cause he has that long Olympics thing. And then the next question for me is, is it Tatum or is it LeBron starting? And I, I can't imagine LeBron not starting. LeBron's gonna gonna start Tatum. Tatum's not gonna start. He just won the title. He's in his prime and he is like the perfect international player. But I, I don't think he starts, I think Durant and LeBron start over him. So it's Embi Durant, LeBron Edwards Curry or does Kauai get the Edwards spot and they go Embi Durant, LeBron Kauai Curry and they don't have a two guard. What do you think Sir Rudy, If I'm the Clippers and Kauai starts for USA basketball, like that's, I'm gonna be pretty bummed out about that.


You Infuriated. That's, that's not awesome. You lose Paul George and then you know, watch Kawhi have an awesome Olympics and then gets hurt again next year. That's not what you wanna see. So I, I don't know, I, I wouldn't start Kawhi unless he's just unbelievable in camp and we don't know. But yeah I think, I think Curry Edwards, I don't, there's no way LeBron, LeBron is the first guy on the team in in the five. I just, he there's no way not Starting so LeBron so has to start. Yeah, I agree. Yeah And like you know it's not an ANTM thing but Yeah that's big. LeBron's gonna start, first of all, LeBron's gonna start and I think Durant's gonna start just, that's gonna happen, right? You know what I loved about the pictures? You know when we first saw the Durant picture next to Bosch and you're like, wait a minute, somebody's height is a lie.


'cause Durant was that much taller than Bosch. We saw him lined up. Did you see the picture of Tatum next to Bam Tatum's huge. So I'm glad you noticed this because I noticed this in person. I think Tatum's six 10 now I do too. I noticed this at the finals going to the games, watching him stand next to different people and I'm like, there's he, it feels like he was closer to six 11 than six nine. Like he might be like six, 10 and A half. Is he still growing? You think he's huge? I I'm kidding about is he still growing thing but whenever these guys are lined up next to each other I'll look for it.


Like who? Because you know you think of Bam positioning, it's not like Bams listed height is wrong 'cause there's a picture of Gobert and Weby the other day. Yeah. Where Wendy's a full head taller than go bear Somebody's lying. Yeah. Yeah. And I think it's because Weby is the first player I've ever heard prior to the draft that the agents actually were hoping to figure out a way to lie about his height going the other way. Like nobody's ever wanted to be shorter ever in the history of the leadup of the NBA draft. But there were people like he's actually like seven five but they want him to be like seven three and then when he's next to go bear These two guys have lied. Kareem lied and Bill Walton lied. Kareem was like seven four and a half and I think he used to say he was seven two and Walton was absolutely at least seven foot two Wasn't poor Zenga in that category too.


I feel like por Angus it was like kind of getting weird there at the top seven Is seven three. Yeah he's a legit, he might even be like a whiff taller than seven. You're giving him Seven, three and a half are you? Yeah I would but Tatum I there there's no way Tatum's not six 10 And I always thought I agree Durant was the other one. I feel like dur rant might be like seven I think Durant's Like Seven, one and a half. Yeah. Yeah. Seven Seven eights. Yeah. Yeah like a seven and three eight, something like that. But he's definitely seven feet or over. I don't think he's seven one BA's listed at six nine So it as a center. You said You think that's correct? I think, I think band's like six eight. Yeah there's a good chance he's probably not, See I didn't, I didn't look at the Tatum bam part and go BA's lying.


I just thought I can't believe how big Tatum looks next to him and that he's at least six 10 at least. And it also, when I saw him going up against gaffer of the post and it's not like Gafford is listed at like six 11 is Gafford listed at six 10. That was the beauty of like Tatum and I'm just gonna forever be pissed off about Jalen Brown getting both conference finals MVP and NBA finals MVP because it's not something that I'm upset that Jalen Brown has. Just seeing what Steph had to deal with and all the bullshit post 2015 until he finally got here seven years later when in fact like Curry was the guy that was making all of this stuff happen for Tatum to be playing point guard for as much as he was and then also defending centers throughout the playoffs and like he was the most important player even with the bad shooting stretches he had in the finals.


But the, the first impression with the finals part of it was just gonna be such a favor of Jalen. Which is, which is fine, but watching him physically and then seeing that picture, you're like, are we talking about like a six 10 guy that's playing point guard in the NBA finals that's defending centers Is Tam underrated Bill? Well this is what we talked about another level playoffs is whether there was another, another level, another stop for him. I always feel like it's the physicality that's the next piece for him. Taking step Back small guys. Yeah. Yeah. And and that eight to 12 range would, would be ideal. I'll say really quickly if you're, if you're putting together the five that like just on paper you think works the best together, I, I think you can make an argument Tatum over KD is actually the right basketball move.


Right? All right so let's do this as an exercise. Your five guys, if it was just like who are the, who are the best five guys we have to close games with that you would trust the most Because that to me Tatum has to be over Durant because of his two way ability at this point. And the fact that he is younger, I just think he has to be, and he beat Durant a plasters two years ago. I just think he's a better player at this point. I would go and bead. Are you sure? Yeah. Into into games. Well depending on who the, if I, it was a team that it was just clearly it would be easy buckets for him.


Uruguay, right? Yeah, yeah. He's probably not gonna pass. But if we're going for best possible team that could play defense and resemble a finals team, then ad has to be the center. Right. So you just changed It or would you play Tatum at five? I'd go small. You'd go smaller? Yeah, I wouldn't play a center. I wouldn't play any of those guys. So would you go Tatum, Durant, LeBron Edwards Curry or Tatum Durant, Booker Edwards Curry or Tatum Durant. Drew Edwards Curry. Drew's not gonna make disclosing five in any version. They're Gonna need him in these Olympics though 'cause they I Understand. But there's gonna be A, there's gonna be a team where there's gonna be some fucking little guy going nuts and Drew's gonna be the guy who's gonna have to guard him.


You're gonna like Rudy, I kind of agree like it would be really fun to just watch five ball handlers out there and see what happens. But there's also gonna be a matchup in international play where there's just gonna be horrified of Indeed they're not gonna be able to do anything with 'em. That's why I Think it's gonna bead. Or a DI like the Tatum Tatum's like the perfect like small ball stretch International five. Has your mood entirely changed as we've just theorized on what Tatum might be? You? You have a pep, you're closing strong. I'm glad you're closing. I'm glad that he's, I'm glad that you noticed that he grew. I do think Mbbi as this crazy weapon, we haven't had this since Shaq in like 1996.


Like certain teams were just like Mbbi iss just way bigger than everyone on your team. He's just gonna score every time now for the next, next like five plays. We'll be fun to watch, right? I mean you're sitting there going like, ah, I don't know if Mitchell Robinson can do it on his own and worry about the Celtics frontline depth or forgetting a little bit early. I'm worried about Belgium, although I don't know off the top of my head with my luck will be like, actually Belgium has this really awesome huge guy. Yeah There's, it might not even be in the Olympics. I dunno. Yeah, it's, it's a weird team. I wish they had like one more role guy but in general one more Blue Guy. How about Canada Guy like LeBron, Olin, Brooks, Dort, Murray SGA closing or is Emhart in there for you?


Which Pacers Eastern Conference finals Emhart. I would four guards. I would clear it out for Emhart, let 'em run it. Iso Isaiah Thomas style the entire game. I think it's important to point this out because of Canada but I wasn't really paying attention to the rosters until this assignment and it felt like a lot of people were going like Dude Canada. And I was like man that is a nice roster when you go roster spot for roster spot against the US team. Yes it's, there's still a significant significant gap. The Go Bear Weby France combo Ain't nothing did the crowd behind him. That's gonna be that we're gonna need Joe OMB in that game.


I mean the funny thing about this is that might end up being like the biggest game Joe OM B's played so far. Oh man. Other than maybe the 2019 Toronto game, I guess Game seven Boston. But that almost doesn't count because they lost. But you can you imagine if that became Ed's great moment like laying the SmackDown against Weby and Gobert in the semi-finals against France. In France. Be like MBIs answered all our questions. That's Ryan's favorite thing. That'll, that'll be the first bullet point on his hall of fame credential. Like you know, killed it in the 2024 Olympics. 35 points against France in the semis. Would Nando Delo, excuse me, Nando Delo.


Would he be on Canada's roster? He's on the French roster. Yeah, but he, would he make Canada's roster? Probably not. I'll Tell you this, there's a really interesting crunch time decision with him and Frank Lanka. We'll see what France does. See I screwed up CO's name. That's Elaa. He, he's been outta the league so long. Alright. Tried a third Guy still in the mix Starting Yeah For got a fight with Schreder the other night. Yeah, yeah. Cool. A bottle. Do Germany and France. Throw out the records with the history of those two countries. You wanna talk fucking invasions like wait, are we being invaded? No, don't worry about it. Serbia is one away from having a really fun team.


'cause they have Yoic and Jovi, they have Banovich, the Atlanta Banovich and they had MIC who I actually kind of liked last year. But they don't, poco would be and And they also, they have the other Yoic. They have both. No they don't. It's double. No, no they don't. They have Poco on that team too potentially. Anyway. And then Australia is gonna be IL's favorite team with Jock Landell, Dyson Daniels, Dante Xom, Josh Green and Josh Giddy and then Ingles and Patty Mills coming off the bench. Will Magna Jack Mcbe Your kind of team. Re Alright we gotta wrap it up. Well really quickly. It's just sad that Yugoslavia still is not in the mix 'cause we could have gotten a, a Yoic Don two man game going, but you know, politics, all that stuff.


Yeah. I didn't know you were such a fan of oppression, dude. All right, we gotta wrap it up. Illa fun season is too bad as always. What was our most fun season together doing the pod? It wasn't, probably not this one. 'cause the playoffs went very Good. No, not this one. What was our best one? 19. 19. Yeah, 19 was great. Nine. We had Game of Thrones shit going. Yeah, we were ordering takeout food. We had the Kauai jumper in the corner and then I went to two of the finals games Warriors lost both of them. Yeah, there was a lot of worries. Drama. The rink got hurt, came back, got hurt again. Yeah, that was, I went up to the NB countdown desk and I said, Hey, you guys are doing a great job.


Don't believe anybody. Don't believe all the negativity around. They all got whacked. I seriously, I wasn't bullshitting. I was like, you guys are doing a good job. Don't worry about all this negativity and the rumors and the operatives that people angling for your chairs. Don't worry about it. Cleaned house. Sorry, RACC. Good to see you. Enjoy the summer. He's still got his podcast going. Sir Rudy, you can, you can listen to on The Ringer game we show doing some some soccer stuff. I've watched a lot of the Euros. The Euros have been good. They have been. Yeah. You know I watched Brazil, Uruguay, no, Uruguay.


Who'd? Uruguay? Uruguay. Brazil. Yeah, Brazil. Brazil. Not a great Game. Yeah, not a game. The Copa is definitely a level, level below the Euro. The Euro stuff is awesome. Okay. Yeah. That is my, the first time I finally dug into it years ago and I was stuck in the hotel in Bristol. I, I'd be like, I'm not watching this. And there was nothing on, and I go, let me, let's just give it a shot. The the Euro stuff is, I don't know what's going on. I usually don't have time for it. That's my, I'm just giving you my full endorsement of it. I enjoy it. Welcome. I love it too. It's great job by the, no, No gate keeping here. It feels like it is. Thanks man. Like, you know, the World Cup's obviously the biggest, but it feels like it's commanded that two week window in the same kind of way, even though the stakes are slightly smaller.


But it's super fun on, it's been fun to gamble on too. Yeah. I've enjoyed it. Done well. Yeah. There's, there's been. It's been some nice ones. Alright, that's it for the podcast. Thanks to Mike Wargon. Thanks to Steve Saru. They produced this one thanks to relo for a great stretch in 2024. Thanks to everybody for listening. Don't forget about a new rewatch, what's coming on Monday night, twister, that's happening. And then I should be back in two Sunday. So I'll see you then. Enjoy July.