
Join me, Danny Kelly, along with Danny Heifetz and Craig Rebeck. Every week on The Ringer Fantasy Football Show. As we prepare for the 2024 fantasy football season, we'll cover all the biggest news and topics across the league, as well as whatever weird topics our listeners email us about. That's The Ringer Fantasy Football Show on Spotify.


This episode is brought to you by Nissan Flex Your ruggedness in the Nissan Pathfinder Rock Creek Power. your epic adventures with 3.5 liter V, six engine 2 95 horsepower Take on those big bad trails on these big bad tires. 18 inch bead locks style wheels with all Terrain tires to be exact, designed to be aggressive, all the way up to the front row, which is magnificent. Find your path in the Nissan Pathfinder Rock Creek. Learn more at Nissan USA dot com. Intelligent four wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


This episode is brought to you by one of my favorite things in life. NFL Sunday Ticket on YouTube tv because that time of year it's coming up again. NF NFL season. Oh yeah. And while it's still only the preseason, you don't wanna miss a moment with NFL Sunday Ticket in YouTube tv, it gives you access to the most live NFL games all in one place. Right now, save $85 when you sign up for NFL Sunday Ticket bundled with YouTube tv and get every game every Sunday. Sign up today, youtube.com/bs device and content restrictions apply. Discount apply to first four months of YouTube tv. Then 72 99 per month Ends August 29th. Terms restrictions. Embargo apply. No refunds.


We're also brought to you by The Ringer. Podcast Network. Last week we put up a four and a half hour two part podcast about Pulp Fiction on the re watchable feed. Gave no warning whatsoever, we just did it. I was on vacation So. it was fun to just drop that out into the world. Me, Sean Fantasy, Chris Ryan had a great, great time. We covered every single aspect of the movie and if you wanna listen to it, you can listen to it. if you wanna watch it, you can watch it on our YouTube channel. Ringer Movies. So that was the only part I did last week. And then Craig and Danny and Danny from The Ringer Fantasy Football Show. They did Dodge Ball on the feed this week. I was off on the rewatch balls.


I've been off for about a week and a half. I have just a ton of Olympic basketball thoughts. I was hoping there would be a Patriots trade segment at the tail end of this podcast because it felt like for a split second the Patriots might trade for Brandon Ayu, who I think is actually underrated. There's some, there's been some talk like at what level is he at? He's at least, you know, DJ Moore who got 25 million a year. If the Niners don't wanna pay that for Iuk, you know who I'd love to see do it. The New England Patriots. My summer has been a lot of just Patriots Twitter. Reddit stuff and videos and analyzing Drake may throws.


I'm really enjoying this off season. It looks like the Pats lucked out with these two receivers. They pick Poke and and Baker, like they're, they're for real. Might be legit good. They, this is after 20 years of Belichick, just whiffing on receiver pick. So there's been energy. Brit's been nice, new coach, new Energy, you know, just feels different. Everybody's more accessible. It just feels a little different than a typical Patriots training camp where there's no information, you never learn anything. I'm not complaining about the old days 'cause we won six Super Bowls. But it is nice to, it just feels different and it is cool that they actually have some fun players on the team who are young and have potential. So obviously now they're talking about trade for IU can.


It's like, oh my God, this could, could this Pats just be this really weird five and 12 team that throws the ball at the time and has fun. Receivers sign me up. Sounds great. But it seems like he's trying to steer his way to the Steelers. We'll see if that happens. Before Thursday's podcast, I'm coming back on Thursday after the two semifinals Olympic Games. This podcast you're about there is with Rob Mahoney. There were four games today. We watch all of them. We're gonna talk about them. Do a little presumed innocent at the end. First our friends from Pearl.


All right, we're taping this. It's two 20 Pacific Time. Tuesday afternoon. Somehow I have been up for 10 hours. I got up super early today to watch on replay second half of the Grease game and then powered all the way through Rob. Mahoney is here from The Ringer. Rob, I wrote about this in 2012 when I went to the Olympics and had no real idea what a great sporting event this is four games in a row with a lot of the best players in the world. Just all coming up on a, it's basically like Lollapalooza for basketball. We had every really truly great player playing today except for Luca and Jalen Brunson, if you wanna call Brunson a great player. But it was one incredible game.


Two dramatic games and then a USA blowout. But for the most part there's just nothing like this. I think I like this more than any single NBA playoff game day. Well, especially for a single site and in theory a single neutral site. Although, you know, with the French team cooking the way they are, the games being in Paris, that changes things a little bit. But the fact that you can get into that building and stay all day through all of these games, that's, that's an incredible turn and it's an incredible thing. Even if for basketball sickos like us on the other side of the world, cranking it at 2:00 AM to check in on these games. Right. It gets a little wild. But I, I kind of like the sicko mode of the Olympics to be honest with you. What Time did you get up?


I went, I went with the, I did the five 30 start. Yeah, went the five 30 start caught up along the way. Also, I just kind of figured Germany was gonna handle Greece and I didn't need to be completely plugged in for that. Right out of the gate. Turned out to be the, the correct call. I did the hardcore wake up like I was getting up for, you know, an early, early flight or something. Didn't look at my phone. Went right downstairs, rewound, whatever the live feed was on Peacock or as I like to call it, at my house during the Olympics. The cock rewound. The cock an hour got the second half and it was 36. 36. And I was like, whoa. Yeah. And I had seen on my phone, I had a bunch of texts so I was like, did Yiannis do it?


That's one of the fun things about, especially when you get to this knockout stage, it's basically we're gonna take one of the greatest people in the world at doing something and we're just gonna put 'em with a bunch of mediocre people and see if you could figure it out. Mediocre might be strong with some of these Supporting cast. Well, I mean like by international basketball. Yes. Olympic standards. Absolutely. It's like you're taking like the, you know, the greatest guitarist in the world and you're like, here, will you play with this band, this college band that's been together for two years? Can you try to figure out how to be great with this? But it was so much fun to watch Germany Greece was really good. What, what, what order do you wanna go in? Do you just wanna go chronological or do you, or do you wanna build up to what was ultimately the main event? Obviously being France's incredible win over Canada.


Oh that's a good point. Well why don't we do, we'll start with us. Okay. And then we'll the, it's kinda open And shut. Hit the other two and then we'll go to France. Yeah, but I haven't uncorked some of my team USA laws. Oh yeah, let's, I know you've been, you've been getting shots off. I've just been like in the practice gym. Nobody, nobody's seen me. Yeah. And you've never said anything about Jason Tatum Olympic athlete before. I've said a lot of stuff on, on multiple text threads. There was some panicky stuff. I, I'll start here. This Olympics was clearly built around LeBron and Durant and Curry. Right. They, I don't think I fully realized it until we were in like the, the warmup game So.


it was like, oh this is what we're doing this year. Everybody else is a supporting cast. This is about these three guys. I was fine with it. They're three of the best parts of all time. I think this Olympics has been good for LeBron. I think it's been good for Kevin Durant and it's been bad for Steph Curry every game. Yeah. There has been one even fun Steph Curry, there has been like an 11 points in two minutes and we hit the point today where I was like, oh man, is this gonna be Steph's whole Olympics? He's just gonna suck because I don't think Steph sucks. Well clearly not. You know, he's, he's still one of the best 15 guys in the league. Just for whatever reason he's not playing well. So what, what's wrong? What's happening? I mean he still makes team USA better with his movement.


Yes. Like he does. He provides something to this group that basically no one else does. Maybe short of Devin Booker I would say is the only close analog in terms of a movement shooter, which is something that they need for their spacing. if you took him off the floor, took him out of the mix entirely, they would miss that. He just isn't hitting in the way that we're accustomed to him hitting. No. And some Of that is he does stand out, you know, out on the perimeter off ball a lot more than even these other guys. Even the wings who are having a hard time, your Jason Tatum types for example. Honestly get more on ball reps and touches than Steph does in these games. Yeah. And so he is, he's playing a very particular role and I wouldn't say doing great with it, but he's playing a part on a stack team and ultimately that's what all these guys are doing to varying effects.


And a lot of them are, are struggling in some way or another. You know, Joel is feeling his way through this. Clearly Jason Tatum is feeling his way through this clear, clearly the second unit I think has acclimated itself very well that Derek White Duran Ant bam and ad those guys haven't figured out everyone else is trying to like find how they fit into this thing. And I would say no one more than Steph. Well it's, it's so interesting that Curry is the coach 'cause he is been Curry's coach really since the 1415 season. And I really appreciate and admire what they've tried to do. The coaching staff, they're basically like the ball's gonna move. We don't want people, we don't want ball dominance. We don't want a lot of dribbling.


If you're not gonna cut and move and shoot when you're open, you might not play as much. Yeah. And that's, we'll talk about Tatum in a second, but I think the biggest problem with Tatum is he's not shooting, no, he's passing up open threes Wide open shots. And supposedly that's happening in practice too. And for, I don't know what happened to him. He, you go back, I guess we're gonna talk about him now. You go back to the Miami Eastern conference finals, it's 26 playoff games all the way through the 2024 playoffs. He's seven three is a game and should 27% from three that's, that's Westbrook land. Yeah. You're under 30, you're in Westbrook land And that's a pretty huge sample size. And we talked about a lot on all of our podcasts during the playoffs for whatever reason his three point shot slid a little sideways and then down and now it's to the point where he is passing him up and that's why he's not playing.


This isn't like Steve Ker has, has an ax to grind against Tatum. It's like, oh my God, we have so many great guys. Tatum has been first team all NBA three years in a row, he should be playing. He's the perfect four for Olympic basketball. 'cause he can rebound, he can play defense, he can switch positions, but if he can't shoot K's not gonna play him. And I feel like when we get to the medal round, I don't think he's gonna play, I think he's gonna be outta the rotation. Yeah. I mean he's not even in that second five right now. He's, he's coming in, he's for auxiliary minutes and I think that's kind of the right deployment of his skillset with with adjustment for matchup. Right. There are gonna be games where Team USA wants to play smaller and you even saw traces of that.


Like this was never gonna be a competitive game. Brazil basically like tricked their way into the out rounds based on the fact that they had a weak group and specifically on the fact that they got play Japan and beat up on them. That's really the only reason they were here. And then the USA drew the softest first round opponent and I think probably the softest second round opponent that we can talk about that a little bit too. This was never gonna be a game. That said there were moments where Marcello Futos was kind of embarrassing. Joelle Embi on pull up jumpers. Yeah. And and we've seen that with South Sudan. We've seen that anytime that Embi is in a pure drop, it's a very vulnerable position. And I thought he adjusted well enough to actually start contesting some shots being more of a factor on ball on defense in a way that, I hate to say it, it's almost surprising to see at some point just because he can be more of a passive drop defender where he's sort of waiting for the game to come to him and yeah, I, I understand the virtue of that as far as a deterrent.


But you need someone who is impacting the game on the ball and if he's not they're gonna play smaller and guys like Tatum are gonna be more important and certainly guys like BAM and ad are gonna be more important. All of which is to say there's gonna be opportunity for Jason Tatum at some point, even if he's playing poorly. It just worries me that his offense is in this kind of state where he's so clearly in his own head about it and it's passing up the open shots in a way that we sometimes see stars do as they kind of graduate into their career. They get less and less comfortable taking pure catch and shoot opportunities. He's not the only star to suffer from that problem. I mean look no further than Nicole Yoki who all of a sudden can't really shoot threes either. Like it happens weirdly to some very talented players But he's still taking 'em is the difference.


He's still taking 'em and I, He's not like, oh my God I might not make this. I'm just gonna put my head down and drive through the basket 'cause I don't wanna take this. Which Tatum did multiple times today And when Tatum does go into his bag into his move set, he just ends up smoking some layups, missing some shots like against smaller defenders that he otherwise would make. He's, he's in a really weird place offensively right now that it doesn't concern me long term but I have no idea what to make of him as a member of this team. Well He's certainly had the biggest workload of anybody played over a hundred games big minutes. That's the only excuse you can make. That's real. But it, it's it's, I gotta say a little dark on the Celtic fan threads I'm on like to the point that I was looking at 2018 YouTube clips of him.


Oh no. And his jump shot. Oh No. And I'm just like, what's different because it doesn't feel the same. 'cause even when he was a rookie and we couldn't get him to shoot and that was a big narrative like Jason just, we don't have a lot of offense on this team. Just shoot take over. Like go for it man. He would without hesitation, just a beautiful jump shot. And the only thing that I've noticed, and I don't know if this is a working theory, but I I would love to see some maniac on YouTube try to do the before after. It seems like he's afraid to land forward if you go back and watch his old jump shots, he's his feet kick forward. Right. Almost like where you could land and like sprain your ankle. Yeah. Like in the landing spot he did this kickout and it feels like over the years they've tried to get him not to do that so he doesn't get hurt.


He took a shot, I think it was the last game or the, or the second to last game in the corner where it was almost like a set shot. And I was like what the fuck was that? That's not how you shoot. So these are the text threads I'm on where we're just like Yeah Landing zone mechanics. Yeah. Where landing zone mechanics the Celtics are for sale. Yeah. Do what is Jalen Brown's new girlfriend? Is this gonna be good for him? Him going, him saying the thing about how he didn't make the team, this all sounds very Healthy. How long is Pingus out? It's like we just won the title. I should be enjoying this. At least you have Derek White, you know. Well that's, It's not all bad. So I have on one Celtic fan thread, I'm on one of the guys is a glass half full guy and he is like, guys, Derek White's been amazing.


I can't keep him off the floor. Like let's talk about that. I'm like, all right, but you mentioned earlier like the lineups that have worked and haven't worked and I felt this way after the second game where I was just like, it's just clear what's gonna be the lineup if it's really ball busting time, whether LeBron's in, there's two two lineups. One that has LeBron one that's just the purest second unit, which is Well LeBron is gonna be on the floor. I know he is. Yeah. In ball, in ball busting time. So, but there's that lineup of Drew White KD Ant and either BA or AD where they're just like, here's defense and K's just gonna make every shot nasty stuff. And these two guards have the ball for a split second and you watch that lineup, you're like holy shit.


What's interesting is Curry's not on that lineup either is LeBron? No. Then there's the other lineup with Drew and White and Booker and LeBron and AD where you watch that one and you're like man this is basically three guards with LeBron and Ad and LeBron and ad the chemistry they have. Yes. And I think those have been my two favorite lineups. There's there's a white Booker kd, LeBron ad Fivesome that I feel could be the crunch time lineup. Like either white or Drew in that spot. Yeah. But it's weird that Curry's not in any of those lineups and that's been a shock for me because, we'll let's say it's 82 to 80 in the against Serbia and Curry's like I just gotta play my best five guys.


Would he be willing to sit Curry in the last four minutes if he's not doing well? So the Situation in which I think that might have been a conversation was if Canada was on board. Right. If especially if you have a lead guard who Steph would have to defend and put him in a vulnerable position. Like we've seen that he's just not up for those sorts of assignments right now. And yeah you can cross match and get Drew or Derek Wyatt or whoever else you won in there. But if there were ever a matchup where Steph was a defensive liability and it was a close game game, then you might see him take it off the floor. But I, I'm looking at the remaining field and especially the guards and I'm not really seeing an opponent that Steph couldn't handle. And that makes me think right, because of the politics, because of the leadership.


When it comes down to it, I would say especially Steph and LeBron will be on the floor, whether that's the best lineup or not, Kevin Durant will sometimes, but we've also seen that maybe in some cases he won't. But I think Stephan LeBron are the true non-negotiables of this team when, when the games in the minutes actually matter. Seems like it. 'cause I would've said Tatum was a non-negotiable for the top 10 and now I feel like he's not in the top 10. You would've said Wild times. You've said Indeed is like definitely gonna start then he sat the second game. He looked better today. And I know we're gonna talk about him in a second, but I feel the best when Drew and White are out there together. 'cause I think neither of them need the ball. They do all the little glue guy stuff together.


Yep. You know, and then it just opens up everything else and they just feel the most like a basketball team. But regardless they have so many options. I mean that this is, I'm not, I'm not ever gonna say this is the best Olympic team USA we've ever had. But I think this is the best team we've had since 92. I don't even think it's a question. This team has size and shooting and athleticism and youth and experience and all kinds of lineups they can play. I you go backwards every four years, there's no team that has as many options and as much star power as this team. And you think like Curry's not even playing that well and beads been outta shape, Tatum's been playing bad and I still feel like it's the best in the last 32 years.


Would you put anybody in the last 32 years since 92 against them? Yeah. You think this group is definitively better than oh eight? Yeah. 'cause I think they had more, they had more size. Like the size thing was always an issue when they would go against the gals in oh eight in 2012. 'cause they were always felt like they were one big guy short and they would kind of run outta options at the, in the last five minutes it was like, we're just gonna have to play this five. This is what we have. You know? And you would always see Bosch or 2012 Kevin Love Yeah. Was out there this time it's, it's like, oh, we're playing France. Cool. We have three centers, we're fine. Yes. You know, even if you go back to 2000, I think Alonzo was the only actual center on the team.


So this year it's like, I, I don't know what this team doesn't have. Do you like what would you add? I I They have everything you'd want. I think That's the thing in terms of the flexibility. And I would also say relative to the level of competition in oh eight, that Spain team was really good. Yeah. But otherwise the level of international competition is not where it is right now. So the baseline for all competitive teams is higher even though there isn't a one singular standout like that gals combination. Yeah. Other than maybe Germany. I think Germany is probably the only club that has a, has a case for that. Right. That has a case for the, the cohesion and the style and the balance. And they don't have team USA depth. But relative to these other international teams, they have pretty incredible depth.


They're gonna be a tough opponent if Team USA gets a chance to play against them. And I, I really hope that they do. But otherwise you're right, the flexibility of this group is pretty incredible. And if they ever wanted to pare down a seven or eight man rotation or, or go to those key actual best players and best lineups when it mattered, there's just nobody who can keep up with that. I wanna talk about Embi and LeBron, but we're at Take a quick break.


This episode is brought to you by one, one of my favorite things in life. NFL Sunday ticket on YouTube tv because that time of year it's coming up again. NF NFL season. Oh yeah. And while it's still only the preseason, you don't wanna miss a moment With NFL Sunday Ticket and YouTube tv, it gives you access to the most live NFL games all in one place. Right now save $85 when you sign up for NFL Sunday ticket bundled with YouTube TV and it every game every Sunday. Sign up today, youtube.com/bs device and content restrictions apply. Discount apply to first four months of YouTube tv then 72 99 per month ends August 29th. Terms restrictions, embargoes apply. No refunds.


This episode is brought to you by State Farm. State Farm helps you score an affordable price when you choose to bundle home and auto insurance with the personal price plan. Bundling home and auto. That's a pro move. Just another way you can save on your insurance needs. Talk to a State Farm agent today to learn how you can bundle and save with the personal price plan like a good neighbor. State Farm is there. Prices are based on rating plans that vary by state coverage. Options are selected by the customer availability amount of discounts and savings and eligibility vary by state.


So the LeBron thing's been interesting because they clearly were putting the car keys with him in the warmup games and then at the first two games he was putting up stats. But I, I didn't feel like he was playing that well. I thought he was kind of ball dominant. He had 12 turnovers in the first two games and it, it just felt like, I felt, felt like him and Steph specifically some of what was going on was like, this is a, this is a big Olympics for me. I have to, I have to show off like I have to sh I have to prove to everybody. Like, you know, and then I I I felt like that went away in the third game. I thought in the whole third game in the first half of, of today, like watching the shit he was doing, it was so high level.


He's just like, I'm just gonna make everybody better. I'm just gonna be completely additive. I'm just gonna try to set dudes up, keep the ball moving and the ball dominant stuff went away. Then ironically it came back in the second half. The game was already over. Yeah. But watching him be the facilitator like that, which I think is what they want from him. And then you see all the toys and it was like this, we always talk, we've been following LeBron for so long, it was like 20 years with this guy and there was always like, well he could, there was this Jordan side where if he had to score he could and he would also have this magic side and he would hybrid it together. But the, the fun part for me on, for him on this team is that he can just kind of be Magic Johnson.


And I felt like he really leaned into it the last couple days and there's no other player in the world I don't think at his size that can do that. It was just fun to watch. So I was like, oh yeah, I've almost forget that he has this. Does that sound crazy to say? No, no. I mean I, I think he's been that guy. I mean in some ways he's still that guy for the Lakers at times. It's just they don't have the supporting talent. He just has the Ball all the time. He has The ball a lot and and more in those cases than he probably should here. I do think he is doing some of that toggling where if you wanna extend an oh eight comparison, he's somewhere between the Kobe of that team and the Jason kit of that team. Right. Depending on what the moment requires that honestly we really haven't seen many moments where he has to be the Kobe more that I think sometimes he gets bored and decides he wants to be the Kobe and that's fine too given this level of competition.


And that's something that is incredible. No other player on this team can do. Not many players in the world can do to be totally honest with you. And so yeah, the passing that he presents this group is pretty unique. if you were to just run your playmaking through, you know, Derek White and Steph and Devin Booker and the other kind of like go-to ball handlers on their respective teams, the flow would look entirely different. And I think in particular the bigs would be much less involved. Like having LeBron is what makes some of these bigs as impactful as they are. And it's what makes Joel's minute so frustrating because he should be able to catch and finish relatively easily. Yeah. Sometimes he chooses not to. And to his credit, he did step out in his threes we're finally hitting, could not shoot for the life of him in group play three of three from deep in this game.


Which is, that's huge. If, if he can do that, all of a sudden the minutes are gonna be a big net positive for, for Joel. Well He, he already looks like he's in slightly better shape than he was two weeks ago. He is moving better. I still think he's really looks plotting like he does. He just doesn't look in shape. And I know a bunch of people have made that point, but the ball stopping part, I just think, I think Kerr and the staff made a decision like we just, it's not gonna fly. Yeah. Even with Ant, you can kind of see he's doing it, but he's also so talented and so explosive and especially against countries that aren't as good as America. It's almost like you kind of have to have him out there anyway.


Yeah. But and he wants to drive too. Like Kevin Durant is an incredible shooter, incredible score is not gonna get to the basket a lot to be honest with you. And so having someone like Ant, even if he does dribble a little more than everyone else, that's a valuable thing. It does make you think as you what 'cause it's this different style of basketball in some ways and then it's completely the same as the NB in other ways. But you watch like the stuff that works, it's a more frenetic pace, which I was talking to Sir Rudy about this yesterday with Franz. It's a better, just a better sport for Franz the yeah. Speed version where it's like chaotic. There's not a lot of timeouts. The ball moves, people are just flying in the basket and it's like that's in his wheelhouse. And the way the NBA is set up, it's so much like, you know, think about Tatum, how much Tatum and Brown just like walk it up, try to figure out what happens.


Like one guy having the ball for 10, 12 seconds and that's what works more in the NBA or or Yoic on Denver where they would run that play. It's like dump it on the side, he's gonna back his guy down for seven, eight seconds in Phoebe. You just can't do it. I think they did that maybe twice with him today. And the ball really has to zip around and guys have to cut and there's this just extra intelligence that needs to be there in this comfort with playing that way. And some guys just don't innately have it. Yeah. You know, don't you notice that as you're watching it? Of course. And I think it usually affects the Americans more than most. Right? Especially with some of these other international teams that have more continuity and familiarity within the groups. They usually do fine.


The Americans are always a different combination. It's always a bit of a scramble. Yeah. There are some through lines, there's some stars who are gonna come back, but there's some guys who are gonna have to figure it out. And these are guys who are used to being in that primary creator role who are used to having the ball on their hands. The adjustment for that is always gonna be pretty profound. And it's why you see from the exhibition games to the group play to I I would say in particular, probably the next round, right? Yeah. Like when, when USA and Serbia face off, you'll start to see we, we, I would say we've already seen it with Devin Booker in particular. He's moving so much better than he was at the start of team play. This is my favorite, my favorite version of him in a couple years. It's awesome and, and he's had good stats and he's made all NBA teams. But I'm like, wow, I didn't know he could do this.


He can be a buzz saw whenever he wants to be. Yeah. And yeah, he has the other stuff too. The mid post game, the footwork, like he can get to all that for the sons and whenever team USA would want him to. But if you can just have him harness and attacking and transition and you know, spotting up for wide open threes, why wouldn't you do that with a hyper talented player like that? Right. Like why wouldn't you hone his skillset to the absolute best things that he can do in the same way that LeBron is honing his game to the absolute best things that he can do. Right. Well you know what's interesting, this sounds corny, but you watch some of these guys and like Booker didn't really seem that happy the last two years and he seems happy on this team. Like KD who I don't, I, I wouldn't say kds had the last, the most joyous last five years and K's just smiling like a, he's just lighting up all over the place.


These guys, they're just kind of in the zone and some of these dudes just love being on this team playing the style that they're playing. And you see a guy like Bam who, you know, that Windhorse thing was funny when Windhorse, which he was right, he was like one of the three centers is probably not gonna play today. Bam. And might be Bam and then Bam played and he was really good. But it did make sense. It was like Mbbi ad or bam, who's gonna sit? Well probably bam. But then you watch this team and it's like they can't take bam out. Bam does too many good things. you can, Why would you? Yeah, why would you? So I think from an Mbbi standpoint, it looked super grim today.


14.7 rebounds in the first half moving better, blocked a shot. I went from thinking he wasn't gonna play in the medal round. That they were gonna come up with some reason to kind of bump him to now wondering what they're gonna do. And I think they at least start him and maybe in the second half, maybe he doesn't play in the fourth quarter. But yeah, I don't, I don't see him getting another DMP which makes me think it's probably Tatum and probably using him like they did where he comes in the second quarter for somebody for like four minutes to save some face. But that's about it. That would be my guess That would make sense. And look, we're already seeing in this game and B did not start the second half and didn't play the second half wouldn't surprise me whether you plug Ad or Bam into that spot for this game it was bam.


But really either option is great and when those are the alternatives, if indeed it doesn't have it or isn't giving you quite what you want or isn't fitting the flow of, of what whatever the play needs to be for that particular game, I, I think you ever have every right to do that. And he, he's clearly, when he's not on is the single most disruptive piece of team USA. But he said the wor, he had said what 80% of the worst turnovers we've seen from Team USA And there's some bad ones He's whipping the ball and against guys in the first row. The only reason these games were ever close so far is when Team USA is turning the ball over a lot and the other, whatever the other team is, is running out the other way and getting easy buckets. If they don't do that, they're gonna walk over pretty much everybody. But I agree with you that all of these guys who you know, may be varying levels of either competitive or kind of grumbly for their actual NBA teams, depending on what their circumstances are.


Like I'm sure Steph is at least somewhat displeased with what has happened to the Warriors over time since they, since they won the title. Right? Like for him, even if he's playing poorly, he gets to play on a team like this. And you're right about Devin Booker and Kevin Durant and these, these teams that had like underwhelming playoff performances. And I don't know if you saw that Kevin Durant quote a couple weeks ago. Someone asked him, I think about him in K Adams if, if K asked KD if he was still happy to be in Phoenix and his response was, I'm happy to be alive. Wow. You know, the Bar bar that's, that's kind of a non-denial. Denial. That's a Not denial. Denial. He's happy to be alive and it seems like he's happy to be a part of this team. And I, I think this can be a really rich and rewarding experience even for the guys who are trying to figure it out.


Like Joel, if nothing else seems to relish being able to quiet all these booze that he's getting all the time, every time he's hitting a shot, every time he's making a play, it still seems like he's having fun even if he's not playing well. Yeah, I was trying to think if you're in Halliburton's inner circle and you know, nobody else will see the text. Yeah. It's like his three best friends, all three of his best friends are like, you'd be totally doing better than Curry. He's like, yeah man, I know, but it's his Olympics. But like, 'cause Halliburton's kind of perfect for what this team's trying to do, right? He doesn't need the ball that much and he just hits open threes. But he is gracefully stepped aside, which I think had a lot to do with the white Jalen Brown decision too.


It's, it's weird to watch this team now and think that they wouldn't have picked Derrick White over over Jalen Brown. 'cause they really, really, really need Derrick White. He's been one of the big winners. Drew's been a big winner, but we already knew he was great in this format. Definitely. I think people reminded that KD was kd of course. Which is funny. Booker, we mentioned LeBron and, and then Edwards just does this crazy fun wild card. I think that, not not surprising, but he's still been a winner. Well Also I think potentially the future face of team USA. Yeah. And, and that's what Halliburton in part represents too, is an investment in the fact that this guy's gonna come back and that's where the Derek White, Jalen Brown trade off might hurt. Like Jalen Brown is a guy who four years from now you may wanna be a part of Team U USA, right?


Are you really gonna bring Drew and Derek White back? I I mean I wouldn't completely rule it out, I would say especially for Derek White more than Drew. But realistically I think those guys get edged out in four years. And Jalen Brown could have been a core part of that team. Well, they'll have to hash it out with Celtics owner, Elon Musk, when that happens. Trying to, I can't wait more worst case scenarios. It's gonna go Great for everybody From the summer. The LeBron, by the way, I think was plus 26 in the first half of that game. That Pretty great. I'll say one last thing about kd. I was out on that Phoenix team, you know, just like I, the west is so good and it's like, all right, can you pick your four?


Who do you have? And the four for me was pretty easy to pick. And then it's like, well, and then two wild cards. Then I had Phoenix like seven or below. It's like, well what's gonna be different this year? They're still not gonna have rim protection. The Katie Booker thing is still seems a little weird. What's different? Then you watch them together and it's like, well, all right, you add Bozer, they stole Tys Jones. Which I, I was about To say I was waiting for the Ty Jones Drop. Holy shit. What? It was ridiculous. Like I, I feel like they have to at least do forensic analysis of his bank accounts to figure out if there's any extra cash coming from, there's something offshore happening. I don't know where the money was moved, But from HB account in the Caribbean. But, but that he was exactly what they needed.


And you know, I I I'm not counting them out and the flip side, and we should turn this into Canada, Greece, I guess, but our, or Canada, France on the flip side, I feel so much worse about Denver Yeah. Than I did two months ago. You know, they lose KCP Murray's just looked just, I mean he's the talking point now of the entire Olympics. Like what happened to that dude? And you go back to his playoffs versus 2023 and the 31% three point shooting in the playoffs this last year is not getting the line in the same way. No. And you were talking about the side by side of pulling up old Jason Tatum tape in comparison it to now's, if you're a Nuggets fan, do not do this with Jamal Murray.


He he does not move the same, he doesn't navigate the floor the same everything Mechanically. He's not getting by people. Absolutely not. Like the idea of him as a finisher around the rim. He was a guy who was challenging, like maybe not prime LeBron, but still like gently post prime LeBron at the apex dunking over him. That was who Jamal Murray was. That seems unfathomable right now. He was 27 a game in 23. He seemed like he was his generation's big game guard that was just gonna be in all these playoffs doing stuff. And maybe it'll come back. Maybe there he, there's some injury we don't know about. Maybe he's a little outta shape, but Canada was playing for their life today and they lost. Yeah. And he wasn't out there.


So you take that piece, you take the fact that the West is better and you know, as, as, as a giant Yoki fan, I'm, I'm concerned. I I just think like, like what happens, they're a weaker team and Murray's worse and the West is better. Why would I feel great about this season of the nuggets? Like they, to me they look like a clear, a clear under and Murray will see, will this, will this inspire something? Is this some sort of, Hey man, I gotta look in the mirror. But you're losing minutes to Dylan Brooks when Dylan Brooks is one for nine and whipping ball whipping bricks off the backboard and the must win game. That's embarrassing.


I I think if there is an under to hit on the nuggets, it should probably be hit. They, the lesson of last season for them it seemed like internally was they pushed too hard to stay in that race for the number one seed and it ended up costing them in terms of energy. Yeah. They just felt depleted. KCP even said that he thought they probably should have lost that series to the Lakers, which fair point they had to come back in basically all of those games. They feel like I, I heard that. I thought that was stupid. I mean they, The Lakers, the Lakers couldn't close in fourth quarters for two years. Well that's a thing like that they were, they were one team for the first third quarters and another team for the last quarter and that's who they were. But at the point where you're having to make 20 point comebacks to win I under, I understand that it's a bad, that part of his point, that part of it is a bad sign.


And to me as an Oman, they will take this upcoming regular season a bit more slowly as if, honestly as if they had a choice without KCP. They're gonna have to play younger guys. Julian Straw there, guess what? You're gonna have to get real Rotation. Yeah. We turn you out there, You're into the fire. You know, like Peyton Watson. These guys are gonna have to actually get minutes and Michael Malone against all of his instincts is gonna have to trust some of these guys and find ways to trust them and find ways to invest in them. The result of that might be that in the long game they're a little younger and a little more athletic and maybe some of those guys hit in the regular season, they're just not gonna win as many games. And with Phoenix as a contrast, Phoenix won 49 games last season. Yeah. They just brought in, as you said, Mike Bozer a great regular season coach who is going to help them win more games and they actually have point guards.


I I would be very surprised even all of their injury concerns if Phoenix doesn't wind up in the mid fifties. That's just where I'm penciling the men at this point in The case against them as Durant year 18. Yes. With, with real miles and real injury miles on him. Yep. What do you think Denver is over under as on FanDuel? Just outta curiosity. Oh my gosh. 47 wins. Yeah, so I thought it was gonna be like 48, 49 right now it's 51 and a half. 51 and a half. Yeah. That's just I, to me that is, I don't think so. Absolute, absolute oversight In a conference. It's like 13 deep. Yeah, I don't you then you go West Western conference odds right now.


OKC, Minnesota, Dallas, Denver's fourth OK C's the leader at three to one. Yeah. Phoenix is fifth. The Lakers at 18. One or sixth. I'll book all the Lakers to action if anyone wants to make Lakers conference bets Pelicans Grizzlies 21. Wait, where Are the grizzlies? They're eighth 21 to one. Give. Gimme that over. Yeah. The Grizzlies are gonna win more games than the nuggets. I'm with you, I'm with you. can I throw, I thought about this admittedly I overrated international basketball and the connections of players. Like I was telling Sir Rudy yesterday, like, I just dunno how Orlando doesn't have shroder. Like just go get him. He plays with the Wagners.


Go get him and bga just go get Four Germans. Just become the German national team. Yeah, Just get four Germans. They all play great together. I never understood why teams didn't do this with Spain in the late two thousands, early 2000 tens. Like Schroder's great with those guys. Orlando doesn't really have a point guard, but I was thinking the same thing with Denver because the out for Denver is a Michael Porter trade. So I know it's summer vacation, but Picasso is still, he's still painting the trade machine every once in a while. But I was thinking like Porter three years left pretty sizable. Like he's in the high thirties heading in the forties, Bogdanovich on Atlanta, who Yoic plays really well with who he does can do a little like discount Murray with Yoic moving off the picks and he didn't have a great game today, but he knows how to do it.


Bogdanovich and Deandre. Hunter for Porter who says no, Maybe both. A double no, a double might Hangup. I might be a double. No, I think it might be a double hangup. Really. I think if you're the Hawks Porter's, I, I know he's coming off of a very healthy season, but I think in a larger sense is still an injury risk. And frankly as a, as more of a primary option, we haven't really seen it and I don't know if I would really trust it. I I like his role in Denver. I think that's probably what he's best suited to do. Maybe a little more creation than that. But ultimately he needs someone like Yoic to play off of. Yeah. I I don't know that I feel not Rey Young. I don't think I feel that way about Trey Young Personally.


What about, how about, all right, lemme make the case for Atlanta. Yeah, we took, just took Che six foot nine. They Certainly did. That's the thing that they did For offensive. In theory. Playmaking forward now we get Porter Junior six foot 10. Okay. Playmaking forward. Now we got little size of the forwards with our guards and they need to make a two for one anyway. That's what I was thinking, but I don't know if that's the right move for Denver, but it's something like that where I think they're gonna have to split Porter and get two guys out of it. 'cause I don't, I just don't think they're gonna have enough with the way the league's gone, the league's too deep. You, you need like seven seven really good spots at this point. And they don't have Trajectory.


But it depends on Jamal Murray being Jamal Murray. Because if your core is oof Yoic and Aaron Gordon, who's a really good player, but somewhat limited as a score in certain matchups and this version of Jamal Murray, that's just not enough offense. Like you need Porter's explosion in those circumstances in ways that queasy it's, it it's a precarious place to be. And this is bad man. Yoic is, he's important. He's, you know, he's, he's like a big diamond in the safe. We gotta take care of this dude. The good news is Denver, I want him to be on like half-ass teams that aren't very good. Well, Denver at least passes him the ball. That that's one thing that is I yeah, let's come to appreciate more after today, Serbia Australia, which was an incredibly fun game.


And in the second half, well first of all, Australia made it felt like every shot they took, I think there were 17 for 21 at one point. Ridiculous. Patty Mill Mills. Yeah. Flame shooting out of his ass. Oh my God knows by the way. Yeah. This is like four years from when that should have been an option. And, and at some point it was like, Hey guy, can you guys just let Joker kind of handle this? What do you think there's an idea? Or Just be involved. Just participate. Yeah. How about throwing him a couple entry passes and then it became queer. There was like one and a half guys in their team that could actually throw him an entry pass. Yes, they were, they're lobbying entry passes to like his, the wrong shoulder. He's, he's yelling at, have you ever seen Yoko yell at his own teammates?


He's like, what the fuck man, just like I'm, I'm watching on TV in my glasses and I'm like, I could fucking throw this guy an entry pass at this point. But they hung around and then in the, in the overtime after Mills makes this crazy shot to send it into ot. Yeah. And then it felt like that Australia was gonna win and then Yoic just took over the last two minutes. Like it just felt like he was defensive stoppers. Yeah. Nico Yoic, His hands were everywhere He is making plays and, and it was just the classic, we have the best player in the court, we're not losing. Yes. What jumped out of the game for you? I think it was, I think, well look, the fact that Serbia led Australia build a 24 point lead did not go to Yoic on any kind of consistent basis. And at times it seemed like a bit, it seemed like they were actively trying to not do it.


I would say Vasili Mechi was maybe the, the greatest defender. My God. There was a point in overtime where I thought, I thought he was sabotaging the game. I I have text the house where I was like, this motherfucker, what is he doing? I'm so bad. I was like, because it's one thing if he wasn't an NBA player, this guy played in the NBA last season. Yeah. And, and generally, and you had yo on your team, your job's not hard. Get the ball to Yoic Yes. And figure out how to play off him. That's your job. He's Usually one of the best players on this Serbian team. Yeah. He was not in this one, but it was, it was a pervasive thing. Like it all of a sudden it was just like it's, you know, OG and do bridge time. He, he's gonna, he's gonna call his own number. God forbid you get the best player in the world, the ball on the block or even you run a pick and roll with Yoic and actually pass it to him.


Right. And don't just take the pull up from the elbow. Like there were so many things that were on the table for Serbia that felt fixable, but most importantly they just had to start actually guarding people. And it took them the better part of a half to start doing that. But I thought once they finally did crank up some of the ball pressure and yoic for whatever his limitations may be defensively at the NBA level athleticism is relative and against international competition. And specifically a team like Australia, his rim protection is a big deal, right? Yeah. Like he has a big imposing presence around the rim and he's always had good hands and would go to pig that and he's Good, like hit the ball off the rim. Course he did that a couple times. Yeah. Straight Up saved a clutch layup that Patty Mills should have had by playing the FIBA rules. So his presence defensively, I thought turned out to be a massive impact.


But it's, I mean, just tough for Australia. They, they had this thing and Patty and Josh giddy too, I thought played a really good game. But as it slowed down, their entire offense became Patty Mills attacking an iso and that it, it just didn't have it To the point that it, it seemed absurd. And then of course he made the shot to send in overtime where it's like, guys, this isn't working. Of course it was gonna happen. Let's go to plan b. I was the, one of the best things about Feba and Olympics and especially a day like this is you're sending texts to people like why aren't they trying to set up Jack McVay? They should be running off. It's like, I didn't know who Jack McVay was a week ago, but Now you're invested. Yeah, now I'm in Giddy Island.


Controversial island. Yeah. Unless you're the Chicago Bulls for office, in which case you're all in baby. I feel like Sil and I, maybe there are a couple more people out there, but we were like the only ones who really like this trade for the bulls. Like I'm still in on You really liked It. I really genuinely liked it for the Bulls. I thought they won the trade. He's 21. There's just a lot there. And I'm like, if I'm the Bulls, why not? I thought the wizard should have gotten him. There's a couple teams where it's like, whatcha guys doing? Yeah. Just go, go get this. It's not like he's 27, it's 21. He, he's got this huge resume already. I, I saw nothing in this tournament to make me change my opinion. I thought he looked, you know, he's still missing some stuff, but he's a young player.


I just, I just like his game. I think he's additive and he plays hard and he rebounds and he get to the basket and he made a couple corner threes today. Yeah. He's He's honestly been hitting his threes throughout this tournament. Yeah. The shorter line does him a lot of good, needless to say, if you can actually hit NBA threes, that's a different kind of player. Right. I think the, the who's the announcer? I forget who it was, but the announcer made that point. This is a better Yeah. Three point line for him. And it's like that extra two feet sometimes can just kill somebody. It can make a huge difference. I think where I'm a little bit apprehensive is when the game starts to go sideways and you could feel this as Australia's lead was starting to slip away. He gets frazzled. Yeah, you're right. And his decision making, he he struggles with it.


And some of that's like, this is classic young player shit. Everybody goes through that on some level or another. He's gonna get better at some of those things. What worries me is when he tries to blow by guys because he's not the most athletic. He picks up the ball pretty early and then just tries to make things happen. And he's a, has great vision and he's big. So oftentimes he can, but then when he can't, it just leads to terrible turnovers. Yeah. And so for a guy who's already a little sheepish about shooting, who's committing bad turnovers and the decision making isn't great, the idea of putting the ball in his hands and running offense through him all the time, I don't love. And if you're not doing, you know What? Rob Mahoney, you're not invited on Giddy Island. I'm honestly Fine.


You stay, you stay in your country. I don't, I don't think I wanna participate in what's going on on Giddy Island. The what, what my, from my notes, Vedova crunch time minutes with three exclamation points was also in my notes. He got a stop on Yoki. That could have been one of the biggest plays of the game. But I, I Wanna say bounded thousand 15 finals. What finals was that when he was doing stuff? I don't, it was, it was the 15 was nine years ago. Was that still a grantland? I don't even remember. They Had to plug IVs into him because he was running himself to exhaustion. He might still need an IV from this game, but playing much fewer minutes. It's just a, you know, he is at a different point in his life. It was really funny.


Dyson Daniels speaking of young players. Yeah. It's funny that he's on this team with exim. 'cause to me he's just EXIM 2.0. He he's the evolutionary can't either. Yeah. It's like, all right. I've already seen, seen this. He's been Shooting a little better in fairness to him. But like, he doesn't get guarded. He needs to prove a lot in terms of actually finishing and attacking it. It's why, why do all these Aussie guys turn out the same way? Maybe it's a weird, like Aussie rules football kind of influence or like a cross sport thing. I'm not understanding, but they're such good open floor players. Yeah. And Dante Exim had the same problem when the game slowed down. He just doesn't have a lot that he can do in, in a game like this. But when the game is open, he's an incredible force.


I, I think Dyson Daniels, if he can figure out a way to be kinetic and active in some kind of half court setting is gonna be a really good NBA player because he can sure guard the hell out of the ball. I like that. I like the, the move him switching teams I think will help him too. Oh Yeah. Yeah. I, that's the Best what I for. I just wanted to see on like a not a very good team. Just getting, getting minutes. So Serbia's playing the US in the line right now in FanDuel is USA minus 16 and a half. That feels right. Yeah. You could tell me they're going by 38 and you could tell me we're sweating this out. I don't think so. If I gave you those, don't, they're gonna choice out whatcha saying. Yeah. So you should pick the 38 option. I'd Pick the 38 in particular.


You, you got a sense of it in this game. But Serbia's shooting is so streaky and when they're not hitting their open shots, they just kind of fall apart offensively. They don't have a lot that they can do when they're not running through yogic and capitalizing on the things he creates. And the fact that they, You know what they have though? They have some, some really ugly post-up players. They, they have some guys doing, who's that guy who did the five 40? Oh my god. He, He, he was trying to do the five 40 degree Mikhale jump turn around, flipped the other way and it just like whipped it off the backboard Petra shit. Like we, we gotta Petra yourself like please Yeah. Know your job, pet yourself, Know your role. Know your role. Honestly, too many guys on Serbia team need to know their roles in a way that is a little bit concerning for me.


If, if you're trying to project their chances and especially like how are they gonna beat Team USA? What would they have to slow down the Americans perimeter defense isn't really it. You saw Patty Mills and Josh Giddy light 'em up. The size is a real thing. And in particular, YOIC does really well against Ad does really well against Bam historically. And Indeed can be a bit of more of a give or take matchup. And maybe that's his most important matchup in this entire bracket is what can indeed do on Ball against Yoic. And can he give you good minutes there? Give that could be a real thing. It felt like they rope a doped a little bit against America when they played them before. Because we know what's gonna happen when we get to the medal round. Like, yo even Wait, who, who is the dope who got roped? Well I think there's another gear to go with with Yoic.


Oh Sure. You know, there, there's a scenario where he just doesn't come outta the game. Yeah. Because as soon as he comes outta the game, they were doing it today because Australia kept putting him in pick and rolls and I felt like Australia's game plan was to try to wear him down, which I think would be a possibility for America. But on the other hand, if they're going like, oh, we're gonna run centers at him and try to post him up, like, I actually think he's good with that. That's a Yeah. What he doesn't wanna do is guard Devin Booker 25 feet away. No, I think that's, or Kevin Durant's a way worse. Yeah, a way worse outcome. But I do feel like there's another gear with them. I just didn't feel like it, it, it seemed like one of those, the, the previous game was one of those. We don't wanna show you everything games by them.


Not that it's gonna matter 'cause America's way better than them, but I'm, I'm just never counting out Yoki. I think Nor Should you, One of the fun things about today was you got to see just three great players in super adverse situations just kind of coming out of the TV in these cool ways. SGA was the other one, and we'll talk about that game later, but Giannis just, yeah, there was a stretch in that, in that fourth quarter. He was just guarding all five guys for like two minutes and he was just like, oh my God, this is one of the most amazing players of the last 25 years. And he had everyone on his team let him down. Oh yeah. I was so mad at every Greek guy. It, it got to the point where you're like, fuck, I wish Thanasas, I wish, I wish they had thanasas for this.


He might've helped. Well they haven't been support staff, you know, he's still there. Riling guys up like Achilles injury be damned. But yeah, speaking of teams that cannot get their best player of the ball. Like Nick Kha did it a couple times with little LOBs for Giannis, but I Forgot how disappointing he was as an NBA player. It's like, oh yeah, Yeah. I was really hoping For better things for him. Oh, I was you 15 years ago. But yeah, they just don't have that second, second thing Giannis, you know, is what are you gonna do? You're double teaming him. You're triple team him. But that game was tied at the Half. I know. And another one where Grease looked really good when the game was open and as, as much as it slowed down, they just couldn't get in scoring position at all. Like they, their offense completely dried up.


But you're right that this is what's fun about Olympic basketball is like superstars in a loaded team USA kind of context that we've never seen them before or on a international team that really doesn't have the talent to be competitive at all. But they have. Right, or they have Giannis or in Canada's case, like they should have all the talent to compete. But Shea is really the only guy who showed up on that team today. Yeah. Let's talk, I wanna talk about Germany's team and then we'll talk about that other game that we didn't talk about. We'll take one more break.


This episode is brought to you by Michelob ULTRA. Michelob ULTRA good for many things. Camping barbecues cheering on your favorite team. Hanging out on a nice summer night, which I just did actually on Friday night. Just sitting outside just having a beer And. guess what? Michelob. ULTRA because they sent me a bunch of Michelob ULTRA and it's really good And. there were only a couple left and I was mad 'cause every time we put it in the fridge, somebody drinks it, but it was delicious. Be sure to stock up for the summer. Enjoy Michelob. ULTRA Superior Light Beer. Order a pack of Michelob ULTRA today. Have it delivered through doordash.com. LDA 21 and up.


This episode is brought to you by SimpliSafe. If you're like me, you're constantly thinking about the safety of the people and things you value the most. We all have friends that had a break in worst case scenario, a home invasion, second worst case scenario, they're away for a couple days. They come back and things are just gone. And once you hear those stories, you realize you have to do something to secure your home. You could be like me, you can find SimpliSafe been using it. They've been a sponsor forever. Been using it for a while. We love it. you can try it for yourself right now. you can try it and get 20% off a system at SimpliSafe dot com slash bs. you can find out things like 24 7 professional monitoring. Someone always there to have your back during an emergency. you can find out how fast their agents can respond within five seconds of receiving the alarm. They act, they respond to intruders, they even warn them that police is on the way and there's no contracts. you can choose to set up your system yourself or you can have one of their professionals do it for you. It is no surprise that SimpliSafe has been named the Best Home Security Systems by US News and World Report for five years running and the best customer service and home security by Newsweek. So protect your home this summer. you can get 20% off any new SimpliSafe system when you sign up for Fast Protect Monitoring. Just visit SimpliSafe dot com slash bs. That is SimpliSafe with two is SimpliSafe dot com slash bs. There's no safe like SimpliSafe.


This episode is brought to you by in You got money questions like, can I retire early? What are my best savings options? Can I afford to pay for my kids' education? Luckily Empower has all the answers. With empower's realtime dashboard and real live conversations, you get clarity on your real life financial goals. So join 18 million Americans and Empower what's next? Start today@empower.com. Tap the banner or visit this episode's page to learn more. Sponsored by Empower, not an endorsement or a statement of satisfaction by a client.


So I've been watching a lot of basketball just 'cause I love basketball and I'll usually watch most versions of that. I will not watch the three on three. No, I stayed away completely of three on three Olympics. I don't You're Allergic to Jim or for Dead Band Lift. Who is it that you're staying away from? Who Is that sport for? Why did we do this? Why I'm watching all the best Olympians possible at all these other sports. And then we're we, I I don't know what was going on there. I dunno if you Saw too, there's diff like it's a different ball that they're playing with through three on Three. Yeah. It's just like, who wanted this? Like, why didn't they ask people like us? We complex. We've able to give them feedback. 'cause you watch that and then you watch like Cold Decker, you know, breaking the Olympic record and coming back from fifth place on the, you know, last half of the line.


It was like a sports movie. And then it's like, all right, I'm gonna watch this three on three gimmick. But I've watched a lot of Germany and I just really like how they play. I just really, I really enjoyed their team. I was when it was 36. 36, I was like bummed out. 'cause and granted I had them in a parley, but I was like, oh man, I don't wanna lose, I don't wanna wanna lose these guys yet. I like watching Germany. I like the Wagners, I like the bongo resurgence. Oh My gosh, he's been incredible. I like seeing Tice who I've never, you know, t for some reason NBAT versus Feba te or like two different people and then just Schroder, just classic, the classic guy who's just way better in this version of basketball for reasons that are unclear.


Yeah. Has anyone cracked the code On that? No. No. There, I mean Carlos a Royal was like this. Sure, But This is, this Is a consistency and a level of performance that just defies anything that I can explain. And I like Dennis Schroder as an NBA player. Fine. But he's Steve Nash on the international state. He's Chris Paul. But like, this is Ridiculous. But does it make you think, like, are are, are we doing Dennis Schroder wrong? Like should, should we be letting him cook? Is he like one of those actors who's just on the wrong TV shows and it's like, this guy's actually an Oscar winner and we don't realize it. I don't know what to make of it. I Don't either. I, and to your point about like, can you get him to Orlando or somewhere like that? I don't know that he should be cooking in that context.


Right? Like it's one thing if this is your team, but if your team has Palo Bank Carro on it, that guy should probably be cooking. Or Maybe he has the ball too much Paolo. Oh, I mean that was so maybe No, I'm saying but when Nick got to that Cleveland, especially game seven, it was like true. Yeah. Yeah. Palo just, it was like Palo or Bus. Like I think he needs somebody else. He does need a ball handler. Does he need NBA Dennis Schroder? I would argue. No. No. But Germany clearly needs PBA Dennis Shruder's. Well how do we get Dennis Schroder to be PBA Dennis Schroder all the time. I, because so here's The thing, hypnosis, what do you think? Like, oh, what we, what do we do? Well, I watched him on the Celtics that year and we were all like, eh, you know, he was on the Lakers and everyone was like, eh.


But he did have that great OKC year. Yeah. Where I think I might have even voted him for six main of the year. But I thought he was awesome that year. And it seemed like at the very least, he's this kinda rich man's version of what a six man is, where he can come in and get heat checky. But he can also kind of run the team and be out there and crunch time and guard bigger guards. And I, I, you know, I still feel like there's a place for him on a good team. I just don't know what there team is. There has, there has to be a Place, He's in Brooklyn now. He's in Brooklyn. Purgatory. Yeah. We can't have that. He's gotta be on at least some contender. The calibration with him is tough. And I think some of it is reputation where as he was coming up, he was constantly pushing for more and more responsibility and a bigger and bigger role in a way that was difficult to manage.


I think in particular in Atlanta. And as he's evolved as a player and as a veteran, he's, he's found some really nice roles for himself. Like I thought he did well for the Lakers too. I thought he was exactly what that team needed in some respects. How can we get him into a comfortable spot where he is both restrained but also has this sort of pop to him, this sort of confidence to him. Like it's a hard thing to manage to do all of that at once. And I think that's part of the reason why he hasn't been as effective in the NBA. Well the funny thing is he was like a curry stopper. He did an unbelievable job against Curry. In quotes. In Quotes. Well, but I mean for, if you're talking about all guards who's Yeah. Who's kind of done the best against Curry the last five years. It was probably Schroder. There was that one playoff series where I, I felt like he really bothered him.


I was surprised the Lakers didn't keep him. We have to bring in the president of Team Germany, Steve Saru, and get his take on, on Dennis Ruter and whether he'd want him in Orlando. Siri's also an Orlando fan. He's, I can't believe you've basically, you've basically filed for dual citizenship like Joel Embiid. Like you're, you're, I don't know, how does that work? Do you just get to go to Germany now and like just live there? What, what? How does it go? Yeah, Listen, I'd love to go there Never been, seems like an awesome place, but it's gonna be awkward if the final is Germany USA. 'cause like I, Yeah, what do you do? I, I'm not trying to be unpatriotic, but I don't really care if this US team wins or not.


Like I am invested in Franz Wagner and I think I'd be happier if Germany won than I would if you the US won. So you can call me a bad American, but I think I'm just a good Orlando magic fan. You Know what the heart wants, what the heart wants. Rob, Mahoney like you just recapped, presumed innocent sometimes, you know, Carolyn and Palus, the heart wants what the heart wants, you know, you shouldn't go there. But sometimes you can't resist The heart wants Andy os apparently. You know, it's, it's tough times. But I I I respect your decisions even if it is anti-American. Well I think with Sir Rudy, the Franz game seven coupled with the lavish extension, let's be honest, lavish, lavish extension that they didn't need to do yet.


It's fine. It's fine. I didn't like it. Oh well I got an announcement. Thank You Rob. Thank you. I got an announcement. Rudy knows this already. I'm back in on the extension. I recant my statements. What was the time lapse on that? Was that like a month ago? Just, no, it was like three Germany games where I'm like, you know what? I love Franz Wagner. I'm in, wait, how old is he? Like 22. Yeah. The, the thing with Franz is you just see all these elements of his game where you go ma like so he has like the turnaround, right? He does the spin move in traffic. He had the two stupid dunks on, on France, one of them the switch hand against Weby. Yeah. And like he, I said this like two years ago and people laugh, whatever. Like he, he doesn't have that many weaknesses overall.


I'm not saying he's like elite at everything, but he's, he's pretty good at just about everything. Yeah. And the shooting just kind of the three point shooting specifically just kind of dipped. And if that's the only thing if, if he could just be like, alright, yeah, he's gonna be awesome because he's a great team player and I think the Feba thing, like you're right, the ball moves a lot more. Like he's not like an ISO type player. It's like, hey, gimme the ball and let cook, like he works within the system and I think that pr that's probably why it works better. I'm not as like excited about the possibility of Dennis Shroder like trading for Dennis Schroder Midseason. 'cause I've watched Dennis Schroder for his entire career. Yeah. And that's clearly not the player you're getting when it comes to NBA basketball. But yeah man, like I the Franz thing, like make him happy. He's clearly good. Let him be comfortable. That's why I didn't have any issue with the extension.


And I'm glad that you're on that side now. Yeah, he honestly, he, he projects as one of those stars who can be a B or B plus across the board. And those are hard players to understand, especially when they're younger if they don't have that takeover skillset. But you watch him in these games and especially the way he can use his footwork and his length against some of these teams, he does a lot of the same things in the NBA to, you know, to varying effect, depending on the opponent. Ideally you would want him to shoot a little better. But all the, all the tools are here. Like he's gonna be a really good pro for a really long time. The ceiling is just not quite at superstar level and I'm fine paying him that extension money if I'm Orlando even knowing that that's the case. Well we were in this spot with Jalen Brown where he clearly was, was a really good talent that you'd wanna keep.


Right? And they got a better deal on the Jalen contract than I think the Fran thing. But the argument was like, this guy's got a lot of good stuff already. Like with Jalen it was like, he's competitive, he's durable, he's tough, he can guard different positions and maybe he's not ever gonna be like a second team all NBA guy, but he's a really good asset. And then Jalen exceeded all of those expectations, right. Turned out to be an better job and he became one of the best 15 guys in the league. So I think that's part of the case for France. The thing I love about him, and it really comes out in Feba, is he's so fucking competitive. He's a motherfucker. I mean he's a 10 outta 10 of like, I just dunked on someone and then I ran back to mid court and I'm so excited. I'm just gonna start pounding the court.


Like, like which is, which is weird because his Brother, his brother might be even more competitive. Oh yeah, right. Like Mo Mo is a psycho. Like You don't wanna go full mo. That's the thing. Well the question for me is how do you build around that competitiveness and that kind of spirit? Like it's, you know, team building. We've had all these different, even think about how they built Team USA and they're like, we want specific type of guys that play a certain way in the ball that, you know, and I wonder with Orlando, like maybe they should just lean into it. 'cause we saw this happen in hockey. The the Florida Panthers who just won the cup, they just went out and got a bunch of pricks, right? And they're, they're kind of, they became the team that was like, oh man, I hate the Panthers.


I I hate this guy. I hate this guy. And that was kind of part of their identity. And maybe Sir Rudy, maybe that's what you need. you need to go bad boy Pistons a little bit. But they're not, the thing is like, they play, they're a tough team to play, but they're not bad guys. You know, they're, they're, they don't have a lot of guy. True. How do you hate Jalen Suggs? Like how do you hate Franz Wagner? Like how I get why you hate Mo You're evil. Evil. You're not, it's non evil pr it's non evil provocateurs. Yeah. You're just like, damn, we gotta play those guys tomorrow. Like that like Right. You know. Ah man, that's the team that's so annoying. Yeah, that's what I think. You're not far away from that We're dangerously Close to you suggesting instead of a no assholes policy, an assholes only policy Competitive assholes.


But does is Anthony Black have it in him? Yeah, well he, I I was saying like I wanted him to play more last year, including in the playoffs. Like I, I like what, you know, give him the Gary Harris minutes. Like I, you know, I you were very down on Gary. Like Gary, I still think Gary of defensive, but he couldn't hit a shot. But like, hey, what do you, I mean, Anthony Black can give you great defense and not hit, although like Anthony Black actually wasn't terrible from three at all last year. I don't know that he, he's like a nice, he's another like nice guy though. They're not like, you know, there's no, I don't think there's like the Russell Westbrook thing where they're, you know, it's, there's like an edge. Like they have an edge, but it's not like a mean edge. It's more of like a I am just pissed off competitive Edge. Yeah. And that's why I thought like that's why like this, watching that team last year, like they're just so likable.


'cause they're all young and they love, like even Cole Anthony who's not like, you know, he's, he's, I don't know, he's defensively that great, but like he's just, he's a likable guy on the team. He can go off for a quarter. They have a lot of guys like that. He's got that edge too. Yeah. I think, well first plan has to be you gotta get bga. He's gotta get him him. He's gotta get him. What else does a guy have to do? He's just bang, banging huge shots game after game. Gotta bring him in and then maybe start eyeing Schreder and figure out maybe like December range. Figure out if you could steal him. Maybe it's a buyout from Brooklyn. Yeah. Because that's, you're right. It's a shame that he's there. But I do love too that the people now watching Franz because it does, I I feel like people are watching Franz more sometimes now in the Olympics than even during the NBA season.


Without a doubt. And to see how, 'cause it's always like, oh yeah, Franz, like he's, you know, he's kind of not that athletic, but he's actually super athletic. He's insanely athletic. And it's, it's funny to watch people like in real time realize like, oh, he is a sick athlete. So to recap, I'm backing on the Franz extension and Sir Rudy's running for Germany over the USA. But I don't blame a tough, don't blame me man. If it was like a case of like a, if a young Celtics team that hadn't won in forever and one of our best guys and his brother were playing on another country and it was great for my team long term, if they won, I don't know how I would root against that.


Like we won the US has won 88 medals already. Exactly. If Palo was on the team, like maybe I'd feel differently. Although he probably wouldn't be playing. I don't know. Like I, I just don't care as much if the US wins or not. I don't. Alright, So thanks sir. Rudy. We'll see. Thanks guys. All right. Back to Germany and France. We did not talk about the France game. Mahoney Germany is minus four and a half over France and I watched France. I thought France was gonna lose today. They were a fucking mess for weeks with no signs of hope, Including against Germany. We should note. Yeah, they just looked awful.


And it, it was just like, what is this team? And they had a couple guys I liked, but they did some dramatic changes today. Now go bear finger injury. I I, yeah, I have some questions. Why did that about I think Lot of us do Before the game. I'm not, I'm not calling anyone a liar. It just was like, Hmm. Well his, his own coach kind of called him a liar. Rudy Gobert said he had surgery on his finger yesterday and his coach corrected him and said, actually no, he had an MRI, he got some treatment also. He said he wanted to play smaller in this game anyway, which is ultimately what we saw. Right. Taking Gobert out of the starting lineup, replacing him with, oh look, I, I think we gotta get your thoughts first and foremost on Olympic X factor.


Shan Yabu, how are you feeling about this emergence? I listen another feather and Dannys cap. Some people were questioning that pick in 2016, including myself. Yeah. And now it see's been vindicated yet again the master. Someday This will be the first line of his obituary. Yeah. The guy who believed in Han Yabu, I texted Chris Ryan in the Wayne Jenkins voice. God damn ya. I didn't realize you turned into Charles Barkley. First of all, he's in shape, Looks great. He was fat on the Celtics. Like he just could never get in shape. And he was like a guy that they really liked that they thought could be this giant X factor and kind of like a, like a discount Barkley potentially.


And he just was never in shape. And they gave up on him. He couldn't shoot threes. Now he's refashioned himself as he's in shape, he can shoot threes and he's got a really good game. And I, I thought, you know, should we give France the, the coach? Should we give him shit for maybe taking what a month to realize Gobert and Wendy couldn't play together, but how Could you three weeks ago, but how could you not try it? You gotta try it. They couldn't play together. They couldn't play together. But We get to, we get to this round and he is like, you know what, these guys can't play together. And. guess what? Everyone's here to see one be so Rudy you lose. And that was it. But I thought that team, you know that this guy they have from the Knicks lessor who is awesome in this game.


And I'm watching and I'm going, man is this guy who has his NBA rights. This is like the most Tom Thibodaux player I've ever seen in my life. And I look it up and it's like the New York Knicks have lessor's rights dating back to some trade firm. I don't know how many years ago that guy could play for the Knicks. Oh yeah. If Tomson can play NBA minutes, Mateos Lor can play NBA minutes. Yeah. So was Lor was Unstoppable in this game. He was Unstoppable. LSO and Elli together. It was like they were like fucking the bruise brothers. And I thought Weby did not have a good game. He did some good stuff on the defensive end, but offensively was just bad. Yeah. Lowest scoring game of the entire tournament so far for Eight.


A couple big shots, but for the most part, like, he didn't even, they didn't even start him, but the, it was those two guys that won the game for them. And then what was the other guy? Cord? Cord. Isaiah Cord. You were so close. You knew I was gonna mess it up. Kyle Caught with the rest of them. I was on fire for a second there. Cordier. But he was good in the last couple games. Yes. He was one of those guys. Like, he would come in and be like, why don't they play that guy? But I, I thought they legitimately won the game and played really well. And I was shocked by the Murray piece. I was shocked by how bad Dylan Brooks was and that they just kept him in Horrendous. I was shocked that I said the words at some point.


They really miss Zach Ededie, the guy who hasn't played an NBA game yet. Yeah. I felt like they don't have big, though they genuinely missed them. They don't have any centers. They were So desperate. They were just like rolling Ken Birch out there hoping that it would, it would make up for some of the rebounding, some of the effort. And look, Jamal Murray does deserve criticism. He played terribly, did not do the thing he was brought there to do, which is be a secondary scorer along with Shea could not deliver. I also would point the finger at Dylan Brooks and Lou Dort and Andrew Emhart, all the guys who were supposed to bring edge to Team Canada. Yeah. They lost the energy game. Right. Like they lost to coordinate on those, no question on those grounds to theor on those grounds, to Yabu sayle. They were getting bodied inside.


If those guys can't play bigger than they are, team Canada's whole formula falls apart. And they didn't even get close. Well, I don't wanna make excuses for them, but I'm about to, I had a couple friends that were at the game. The home home court advantage was legit and loud and impactful and it was impactful immediately. It really lifted the France guys. And I think from, from a Canadian standpoint, when you're, you've played together, but you haven't played a hundred games together, you know, you haven't played 50 games together. You're still a little bit thrown together. You've had some practices, you've had some warmup games, you've been in the Olympics, you haven't been in that. You know, and it's, it's like the difference of, you know, we, we will see in the playoffs sometimes where it's like, oh, what a nice story.


And then we'll get to a game seven and you'll see a young team on the road and they just like deer in the headlights. I thought there was some deer in the headlights stuff with them, which is surprising 'cause a lot of those guys have been in big games. But that's when you start losing the 50 50 balls and bricking threes. And I thought the crowd really affected them. And I, and I was shocked because they were, France was eight point underdogs and at no point was like, I'm gonna like house loved France house was like, I'm not sold on Canada Home Court, blah, blah blah. But I was like, I don't see it. I watch all these France games, they suck. I don't, I don't care how good the crowd is, but the crowd lifted 'em Was that The crowd is a huge deal. I think the counterpoint to that is I do think the crowd effect is real.


It, it sounded loud as hell and it sounded like an incredible atmosphere. Separate from that, to your point about Canada kind of getting affected and letting themselves get rattled, inexplicable letdowns are kind of a way, a way of life for Canada basketball. This is what they do is they roll into these tournaments with lots and lots of talent and it never quite matches up to what it should be. And like there's a reason why even though they finally got to bronze in Feba last year, other than that they haven't had a medal in an Olympics since 1936. Despite the incredible influx of talent, especially post Vince Carter. Like it's, it's been a renaissance, right? It's been an incredible surge within the country and they just can't deliver. And it's because it never quite come, never, never quite comes together the way it should.


They don't have the bigs, which is a huge issue. Like Dwight Powell cannot be your starting center against the solo. Those competition. What happened with Zach? Edie? Why didn't he play well? I mean, he's never got a good answer on that. Well, He's hurt right now. Is that what it was? maybe Maybe, it's that, maybe it's just trying to get ready for the NBA season. I don't, I don't know of the exact reasoning behind that. Well, The other one who didn't play, so there were two German guys last year at Maxi cba. He did, I guess he didn't play in the warmup tournament and Germany got pissed and they're like, you're not gonna play in the team. And Schroder went at them and there was a Shroder Maxi cba CBA beef. That was weird. But the other guy they didn't play was Hartenstein. Yeah. And it didn't seem like a big deal last year. It was like, oh my god, Isaiah Hartenstein iss not gonna play for Team Germany.


And then a year later it's like Isaiah Hartenstein is getting $89 million from Oklahoma City and it's this like in, you know, improbable playoff force. And meanwhile Mo Wagner almost fouled out of this game on offensive fouls alone in like 15 minutes. I, I Would've bended my rule if you had to play with us last year. Like, he's right there. I I don't know the story behind it, but if you put Hartenstein on that team Yes. That's a real threat for the US now. Yeah. I mean they, they already are a real threat. Like they are, But I'm saying like now it's, now I can see a path Yes. For, for something to happen. It feels like they're a big guy short to me. Yeah. For Canada. I think they are a big guy Short too.


At least. Yes. At least one. Maybe multiple. Probably one and a half. Yeah. Yeah. I mean they have some decent players. It's just not quite the balance that they need, but there's something fundamental happening there that they need to sort out. And it's weird because the pecking order should be clear in some ways. Like Shade did do his job and he showed up and created and played and scored well. Nothing else was really working. And I don't have a good explanation for that given the level of talent involved. Yeah. Especially like he's played with Dort for the last few years. A lot of these guys have played together for a long time. Dylan Burt is a guy that makes sense for to be a Shaa teammate. Yep. I I thought the refs were atrocious. Like tr and this isn't the first time with France.


I get it. We're in France, they're gonna get some calls. The Japan game was an absolutely Atrocity that was, that was bad. It was an all time atrocity. I still don't know how Rui Hatch Moore felt outta that game. Like that was super fishy. And then the four point play was egregious and it was awful. Agreed. And they should have lost to Japan. If they lost to Japan, they're not in the tournament. The stuff today like France probably wins anyway, it was one of those days. It was one of those days. Four eight is hitting 40 footers with one second left in the shot clock and just crazy shit's happening. But SGA was getting mauled. Yeah. I mean they were just, they were like, fuck it. They're, there's a lot of contact. Call it. Yeah. There was at one point they had like a 25 to eight free throw advantage. But the, the play that shocked me was Fornier just an easy charge call and they counted the basket.


Yeah. I've never se I has that happened. Have you ever seen that happen before? I don't think I have. Honestly. I, I don't hate it as far as like a charge where you count the basket, but it's also an offensive foul. I kind of like that as a result. I wouldn't, I wouldn't mind that if there were, that were more widespread rule in policy in other leagues. But yeah, I can't say I've ever seen It before. Another thing to review maybe Why The list is short. Can we add another five minute review? You Know what, let's do an automatically triggered review. You don't even have to challenge. Let's just, let's just tack it on. You know, my theory, no more black charge reviews ever. Just take them out, not eligible. We'll just take out the charge, frankly. Well, but just like not eligible like ref calls.


It's a judgment call. We move on. Yeah. And I, we never have to see it reviewed from nine different angles. The SGA the platoon was really important in this game. And I wanted to mention him. He, it's the type of guy you're thinking like OKC is basically the favorite in the west. They aren't basically they are the favorite in the west. They're positioned the best to be the best regular season team in the west. At least Denver falling back feels like that opens the door a little for them even more. And they have to win four straight playoff rounds. So it's like, well how are they gonna do that if they're SGA centric? Well one of the teams in those four rounds is gonna have a guy like Platoon. And it was interesting to watch him struggle at least a little bit with them.


Maybe that's a possible game plan for him putting like a 6, 7, 6 8 guy in him. Yeah, some size. 'cause I Dallas didn't really, I guess Dallas was throwing what they were putting a little exim on him. Who's the other guy they were putting on in that? What's his face? PJ Washington did. Yeah. They did some cross matching with PJ Washington. Yeah. Their swings on him. But I guess that would be the, the recipe I, anyway, I would say the recipe is, is in part Nick Platoon and certainly the ball pressure full court, that stuff matters and wears you down a little bit as you go. It's also having Victor Wema on the back line for someone who, like Shea is one of the best at getting to the basket in the world and all of a sudden that guy's lurking behind everything.


Yeah. That's a pretty big deal. And Are you disappointed by how Wendy's played, by the way? I I wouldn't say so. Overall, Like in the mi are you in the middle? Because I'm kind of in the middle. I'm not disappointed. I'm not excited. I'm just kind of, I don't know how I feel Offensively. It hasn't been an ascendant run for him. It's been a lot of what we are have already seen, which is sometimes he settles, sometimes he gets pushed off his spot sometimes. Yeah. You know, the passes to him aren't quite as crisp as you would like and put him in awkward positions in this game. Honestly, I thought it would've looked better if the three was falling and it just wasn't. So that's gonna be a reality that he's gonna learn, have to learn how to work around. But defensively he does wild shit that no one has any business doing. Like taking outlet passes out of the air that Canada is trying to throw or or picking guards in the back court.


And there were those plays where he would turn the ball over or he would miss on kind of an awkward shot and just immediately get the ball back in a way that bigs just don't do that. And so those things are really special plays and frankly, what he was able to do defensively, Rudy Gobert can't do all of that in a game like this. And if Rudy is, Especially after the surgery, We'll We'll see What's going on. Rudy Go's hand. But it is so funny as we're talking about, you know, Dennis Schroder and kind of fe like Fiba or Olympic fit and the fact that the circumstances change just slightly and all of a sudden everything works. I agree with you that Weby and Gobert should not work offensively and it did not work offensively.


It also should have better defensively than it was agreed. And yet I thought this was France's best defensive game and it was by taking the defensive player of the year off the floor. And you know, Evan Forney in between these games was actually talking about that. About like, you know, this isn't the nineties anymore. To paraphrase him, like the best defense oftentimes is having a good offense and a competent offense. Which to be fair, of course Evan 48 would say that, but he was also right and them going smaller I thought made them so much better defensively. Agree. I wanna talk about Gobert. Let's take one more quick break.


We've got a new segment brought to you by our friends at Yahoo Fantasy Football. And it's all about winning. Why do we play fantasy football? Play for fun. We play to make fun of our friends and trash talk and send long texts and protest trades. But we also play to win. That's what we do with Yahoo Fantasy Football. you can win in your league and someone will win. Win $1 million. You heard me? I love Yahoo Fantasy Football. It's easy to use, easy to set up, lets you focus on the game. Yahoo Fantasy Football. It's, it's bringing us this segment to help you win your league. So to kick off our Yahoo Play to win segment, let's talk drafting. I'm gonna be doing a lot of this on the podcast over the next couple weeks. I, it made me think though, what was my greatest fantasy football achievement. And I had to go back to 2007 the last time I won the league that I'm in with Sal, where we get to kick somebody out and it just, everything fell into place and I still think about it fondly. It's like having a great birthday dinner or like a great weekend with your buddies or a great anniversary weekend with your wife or your girlfriend, whatever, where you're just like, the one time everything fell into place and it was just awesome. I had this team, it was, I think Adrian Peterson's first or second year. I had Larry Fitzgerald, I had Wes Walker the first year he goes on the oh seven Pats and he lights it up. I had the Pats defense, I had Carson Palmer and Tony Romo. I just, everything fell into place. And then on top of it, LaDanian Tomlinson with the first pick, which was, you know, he's the running back goat of fantasy. And it just, that was it. And now I think back to oh seven, I'm just trying to chase that feeling again with fantasy. You could put draft tips to use, not just from Yahoo, but from our ringer fantasy football guys. you can create or join a Yahoo Fantasy Football League right now if you wanted to. Literally right now at yahoo sports.com/simmons. And remember, someone will win $1 million. All you have to do is play in a private Yahoo Fantasy League. Enter the sweepstakes by September 5th and enter now at yahoo sports.com/simmons. No purchase necessary. Open off 50 US states or DC for ages 18 plus end September 5th, 2024. See official rules at yahoo sports.com/simmons.


This episode is brought to you by Workday. Get the whole band together with Workday and pair finance and HR on one platform for an epic performance with Workday ai. At the core, you'll make confident decisions faster than ever and you'll drive flawless business and finance operations with an agile platform that constantly evolves to future proof your organization. Be a finance and HR rockstar with Workday, visit Workday dot com to learn more.


Alright, so you mentioned the gobert piece of this, which was pretty predictable because it was obvious that they were gonna have to pick one of them. Wait, you think, you think Rudy Gobert playing three minutes and then having maybe a surgery, but maybe not a surgery Is predictable? That none of, none of that was predictable. Okay. But that he would be the loser if they decided, sure, we can only play one of these guys, one of these guys, the future Of basketball in your country. And the other one is Rudy Gobert. One of the things I thought they would do is at least play weby maybe 26 minutes and play Gobert the other 14 as it was happening. I'm like, oh, okay, I see what they're doing. But then Weby, I forget if he got foul trouble or something happened, he came out and they didn't put Gober in.


Yeah, it's La Time. Like I was like, whoa, there. This, this coach is now thinking I Lor and elli, I have a better option to just win this game than with the defensive player of the year. And I think it might be time for me to flip flop on the Gobert trade yet again. Wow. I don't know what, what, what my career FlipFlop is. You're very flexible today. I did you do yoga this morning? What's going on? Yeah, maybe it's the summer I'm in a better mood. But you know, I went from doing podcast segments about how I thought Minnesota had a chance to be one of the best defenses of all time in the Denver series to now wondering if the Gobert trade was a mistake. So I'm back, baby. The world makes sense. Again, the Gobert trade was a mistake because Gobert is not Victor.


We yama. That's the problem. Yeah. Yeah. I'm just, I'm, I'm, I'm still work shopping it. But all right, now, now I'm like, you know, I I on the flip flop and I'm sure I'll flip flop back the other way, of course when we get to October, but right now I'm in the, oh my God, the Gobert trade. Can't believe it happened. We offensively reminded me a little of first two months, San Antonio Weby. You know what I mean? Like he's just kind of, he, he hasn't figured out how to get near the basket and do weby Spider-Man shit. Enough. Yeah. But defensively like that one time when he, RJ Barrett kind of stole it from him and then he did the Spider-Man thing and grabbed the ball back Nuts. I've never seen that before in 50 years of watching basketball.


If I can posit a comparison to those first two months with the Spurs and Team France both have a similar problem. No one on the team can dribble the ball. And if you're big, that creates some issue. It was honestly shocking that it took Canada until there were like five minutes left in this game to realize none of these guys can handle, maybe we should pick them up full court and pressure them. It's like they were the other games. Did they know they were televised? I don't know. I don't know. Like, I Don't know what, what, 'cause I had Canada as the last piece of my parlay, so I was rooting for Canada. I didn't really care, but I was like, they, they don't have anyone who can dribble on their team. No way. And it was like Canada had no clue. I thought their whole plan with the guards was gonna be almost like, who is that?


When Indiana played Milwaukee in the playoffs and they were just like, we're picking everyone up full court. Yeah, we're going, you gotta go 94 feet against us. We're gonna make it super uncomfortable. They did the opposite. It was so strange. Like, you're just gonna let Frank Milino walk the ball up the floor. Why would you have Lou Dort and Dylan Brooks on your team? Why are you doing this And and depth off the bench? It was, it was awful. And I think their Canada coach is gonna be the Brooklyn coach. Yeah. So good luck there. Jordan Fernandez. Okay, so Germany, France, Serbia, USA, it's felt like USA Germany to me for two, three weeks.


The home court advantage France had today has me wavering on that a little bit. But I would still at gunpoint, probably lean toward Germany. But did today change anything? Because I think you and I were aligned on like it's Germany and us. They are two best teams. Yeah. I mean, I I, Canada seemed like a realistic spoiler until we saw them in a game like this. Clearly they weren't up to the challenge. I thi I still feel confident about Germany because they almost don't need to play super well. They just kind of wear you down and they're steady, they're more steady than they are dominant and against a team like France where the offense is gonna come and go a little bit. And honestly, even in this game, like if Courtier wasn't hitting from three the way he was hitting and gave them such an early boost with his energy and his shooting, maybe the whole game feels different.


And, and those kinds of things can swing between opponents and certainly like when you're against an opponent like Germany, they're gonna grind you down. They do have great depth. They do execute really, really well. I just think that's gonna overwhelm France on a certain level and, and Weby is gonna do some incredible shit and they're gonna have their moments. But even this slightly tweaked version of France's lineup, I don't think is quite up to what Germany presents. Yeah. 'cause Germany is gonna, from a competitive physical standpoint, we'll be able to handle the Bruise brothers. Yeah. They, they, they do have pretty good size. Certainly better size than Canada does. The Bru brothers, I'm trying to think of some French, oh Boy. I'm trying to think some French angle on that.


With, with with Serbia and, and the us I think you're, you're probably right, I'm still, there's a piece of me that wonders what happens if Yoic is just like, fuck these guys. Yeah. And just goes right at them. But they were so stupid with how they handled him today that I don't know if they'll have the coaching intelligence to be like, we've gotta survive these first 10 minutes and feed Yoic as much as possible in Bead versus Yoic. Does, is there any piece of that that excites you about that game? Of course. Why would it not? No, but I'm saying like for big picture because it's, it's kind of this little bit of a rivalry that's not really a rivalry, but Yeah.


And in beads ducked a couple the Denver games and it's always like, EMBI likes when the deck is stacked on his side when he is going against Yoic, basically. Now he has the best team possible. And I do wonder, you know, I, I never know with with the NBA, but there, there's always like, especially when it gets American versus foreign, I do wonder if the American teams could be like, we, let's, let's try to lay it to Yoic a little bit. Here he is won the three MVPs. He won the title couple years ago. You think They're gonna, they're gonna co-coach him. You think? Well Like just, we love Embi. 'cause it really does seem like everybody in this team loves each other. I do wonder in that first quarter they can be like, let's like really try to work yo with Mbbi here. Mm. And kind of build that rivalry up.


I'm just throwing it out there. I do think They'll give him his chances. Like, this is the Mbbi matchup. This is, this is the one that this is why have on the team, this is why he's on the team. And so if you're not gonna give him some run here and give him some opportunities, why did you bring him Couple more quick things for you. Would the Olympics have been more fun if Embi played for Cameroon with Sicca and they qualified and it was just Mbbi Sicca and a bunch of Cameroon guys and they're just hanging tough? Well, If they did qualify, wouldn't that mean they qualified over South Sudan? One of the best stories of the Olympics? Oh yeah. That was more fun. Fair. Why is Oscar Schmidt not immediately mentioned as the best Olympics basketball player ever? When, when they like people do they like kds the best Olympics player ever?


It's like only one guy ever scored over a thousand points. Yeah. He averaged 28.8 points in his career. Yeah. Yeah. He put a 46 against 1988 Soviets. All True. 42.3 points a game in the 88 tournament. Yes. I don't know. High bar to pass. Do You think Oscar Schmidt is a better basketball player than Kevin Duran? He's not. He's not even close. Then what are we talking about? We're just talking about the Olympics. Just shout out to Oscar. Next topic. When does the first, you know Anthony Edwards really loves ba out of bio and Eric's ssra, he loved his experience with them. Oh, wow.


Don't be surprised. Do story drop. I feel like we've, we are already Seeing, am I dropping it right now? You might be dropping it now. I feel like I've heard more mumbling about the opposite, which is Bam, going to Minnesota. Well, not bam specifically, but like, man, Anton Katie seemed to get along really well, right? Like, like his favorite player. Someone he's like idolized and looks up to. Like, wouldn't that be interesting if those two were to play together somewhere that's not Phoenix in theory. Luing Kevin Durant in Minnesota. Like, I, I think that's the more likely outcome. Oh, I like that one. Good. I'm glad I brought that up. Do you think Mark and saw Steph Curry play in the Olympics and was like, I'm actually to the long term extension on August 7th, so you can't trade me for a year.


I'm good. Extremely, Extremely rude about an all time great player. Is SGA this much better than Jamal Murray? Yes. Or is this just a terrible summer for Jamal Murray? Both. Okay. Yeah. I, I'm really worried about Jamal. I think I am too. There, there have always been whispers about work habit stuff with him about, I mean, obviously there's long-term injury concerns and he, he has a habit of picking stuff up, major injury and being out for long stretches. Like that's always a big deal. And that combination is not great. And the fact that this is what he looks like, even if he is little dinged up, it's a little concerning. Who was your favorite failed lottery pick?


First round pick or international guy you had high hopes for that you saw in this tournament in a reunion standpoint? And you were like, oh, that guy. I mean, Bruno Kalo dropping 30 today. I didn't even realize it was happening, Was he was mine. I, I gotta say though, I was upset. Killian Hayes wasn't involved in any way because it felt like we're all having a party here for the failed battery picks. There's a reason killing Hayes, he wasn't Involved. And where's Poko? Shefsky Whatever. Poku. Where's Poku? Why couldn't we have gotten him in here? All right, so we're both picking us Germany. All right, before we go, you did Presumed Innocent. So if you, if you haven't watched Presumed Innocent yet, just stop listening to this. We can see you on Thursday.


I'll be back. You did presume dancing with Joanna. Yes. On the Prestige Pod. You did it not having read the book Or seen the movie Or seeing the movie. You did it. You did. You were like the la la la Putting your fingers in Honestly. Worked very well. I went on the second to last episode with you and Joanne and you still hadn't seen it. And I was so dying to be like, have the, do you think it'll be like the book, but we didn't wanna spoil it for you. You talked about it on the pod, but just for this pod, did you like the ending? Did you like the twist? And then what did you think of the movie version of the same twist? The movie version? I I do like, I think it's executed a little better.


It is. I mean, it's, it's very of its time. It's very like, look at this crazy woman because women are crazy. The the, the gender politics of the movie are not ideal, but I think as a narrative it works better. The show putting a twist on a twist Double twist. I, I get what they're doing. I get why they wanted to try that. I I thought it was ridiculous. I don't think there's like any narrative foundation for it being the daughter in the end. Like there's, there is not enough groundwork laid and so then it just feels cheap. So I agree. They didn't set it up at all. No. A couple of throwaway lines at best, I would say Not set up at all.


It was just ridiculous and ludicrous. What really surprised me is it seemed like the general feedback and even feedback of people in my life were like, really liked it. Good season finale. I've heard this a lot too. The approval rating was, was like b plus maybe even a, and I I was like, you fucking kidding me. It's the daughter. Like she didn't, we they didn't hint this at all. We had no, I barely even knew who the daughter was. It was so bad that Joe and I had literally joked about it like four episodes before about how, how ridiculous it would be if the daughter also happened to be at Carolyn Paulus's house. Right. And that's exactly where we ended up. Like at that point, just pick any character.


It's like, oh yeah, her swim coach. He did. It Could have been the cat. Remember you saw who's to say Cat? Like he pick any character who's been on the show. It's like, oh, that guy. You remember number 11. He did it. I, I just, I just thought it was stupid. And I even think it would've made more sense if it was the daughter and the son together. Sure. And they went over there and then it's like, this is, and they're hiding a secret. And then it's like you see them whispering a couple times during the season. It's like, man, what's going on there? And then it turns out that's what it's, this is what Was frustrating is in the movie Barbara kills Carolyn herself. Yes. And has been hiding it the whole time. The way it was initially revealed in the show was that Rusty thought Barbara killed Carolyn and he was doing all the coverup and he had posed the crime scene and Yeah.


If it had just, if it had actually been Barbara Kills Carolyn and Rusty is covering It up and she doesn't know anything about the coverup and they're both kind of in the dark as to each other's motives and each other's actions. That's enough of a twist. I love that. Yeah. And they, they, they did enough to show it to us and then rip it away and say, actually wouldn't that be funny if it's the double? Yeah. They did a double Actually, I think it was good enough to have him being involved in the coverup. Yes. And they were in, and that's enough of a twist. I really, that's juicy The Twist. I read the book before the movie, but I really like the twist of like, they just all these red herrings and then it turns out to be the wife and that Yes. The scene in the movie where they're in the garage and all this, he finds, he finds the little ax handle and he slowly realizes it was just a great wait.


Holy shit. She did it. I did not have that feeling with the TV show. No, I, I'll say I still enjoyed the show. Me too. I still think it's a fun me. It's a fun season. It's just a bad finale. Me, me too unfortunate. Me too. And I said this to you when I, when I popped on your pod, like I, I just, I just wish we had more of these. Like I wish there was another legal thriller on right now that I could watch. Well, for better or worse, we're getting another season of presumed Innocent. I don't know who it's gonna be about. Is it about Rudy Go's finger injury? We're gonna litigate in full, we're gonna bring in the doctor. It's gonna be more like Anatomy of a Fall style. 'cause it's obviously the French legal system. But lemme tell you, that's very theatrical in and of itself.


Well, I give that show a thumbs up. Oh yeah. I into it. But I was super frustrated. I made a ton of jokes as I watched it. When I came on the pod with you, I was all ready to throw Dart. But the the second last episode was great. I really like, I really liked that. I thought that was the best episode of the whole series when it was so much SARS guard who apparently is not returning for the next season. Which that would be the framework that I would want is like, let's follow him onto another case. That's something I can get behind. But if it's not gonna be him, I, I don't know if I want the extended adventures of the Savage family. That's, that's not really what I'm hoping to sign up for. SARS guard is like, ya belli just clear out. Let him fucking cook. Let him do his thing. He's ya let him cook.


Yeah. All right. Rob Mahoney, good to see. you can hear Rob on The, Ringer NBA show and sometimes on the prestige and the big picture as well. Thanks for hanging on a Tuesday with me. Thanks Bill. Alright, that's it for the podcast. Thanks to Rob Mahoney, thanks to Steve Saru and Kyle Creighton for producing. As always, don't forget you can watch this entire podcast on the Bill Simmons YouTube channel and I'm gonna be back on Thursday with another podcast. Yeah, I know. It's early August. I'm usually not podcasting, but I love Olympic basketball. So I'll see you on Thursday.