
Coming up the state of the Celtics, Todd McShay. Million Dollar Picks. All next.


This episode is brought to you by State Farm. State Farm helps you score an affordable price when you choose to bundle home and auto insurance with the personal price plan. Bundling home and auto. That's a pro move. Just another way you can save on your insurance needs. Talk to a State Farm agent today, State Farm to learn how you can bundle and save with the personal price plan Like a good neighbor. State Farm is there. Prices are based on rating plans that vary by state coverage. Options are selected by the customer availability. Amount of discounts and savings and eligibility vary by state.


This episode is brought to you by Vuori. I love sports. I know you do too. I also know that lots of you exercise, but if you're like me and my wife, the the beloved sports gal, you're sick and tired of ugly, uncomfortable workout gear especially, you know, I do a lot of walking. I walk around la I make calls, I listen to podcasts. Here are two words that will change everything. Vuori clothing, a line of active wear that is unbelievable. The best thing about Vuori is you can lounge around in it, you can work out in it, you can go outside, you can go shopping down in your local wherever and you never feel like you're either underdressed or overdressed. You're just comfortable. You can wear it when you're training, traveling, lounging around the house. Go get yourself some of the most comfortable and versatile clothing on the planet. Here's the deal. Our listeners get 20% off their first purchase at Vuori dot com slash simmons. Once again, VU r.com/simmons.


We're also brought to you by The Ringer Podcast Network. I put up a new re watchable mailbag on Monday. We have another episode coming this coming Monday. If you love the Oscars, go check out the big picture Sean Fantasy and Amanda Bins reacted to all the Oscar nominations today. You can watch that on The Ringer Movies YouTube channel as well where you can watch re watchable. You can watch all the clips and videos from this podcast on the Bill Simmons YouTube channel where Cousin Sal And I are going to be live right after Chief's bills on Sunday night doing this podcast. So if you haven't watched us do the pod live, guess what? It's just like us doing the podcast. 'cause that's what it's FanDuel. I'm doing those 30 on 30 picks every Friday where we try to guess who's gonna score 30 plus points on the Friday NBA slate. They do a little profit boost action for you. So check out on my, my Twitter account, I'll be tweeting out who I think is gonna get that on Friday


Coming up the state of the Celtics. I saw them back to back nights. Clippers, Lakers, I have a lot of thoughts that's at the top. Then Todd McShay, he comes on because he's doing a show for us on The Ringer, the the McShay Show. Very good podcast. An essential listen during the college football season. So we're gonna talk NFL playoffs, college football draft, whole bunch of things. And then last but not least, diehard Washington Commander's fan. Joe House. He's gonna do million Dollar Picks with me. He's out of his mind. It's Colonoscopy Juice House, that's who's on the pod today. We'll explain when he comes on. So that's it. First our friends from, All right, so earlier in the week I told myself Celtics Clippers.


Wednesday Night, Celtics Lakers, Thursday night both in LA I'm gonna go to both games and then I'm gonna come home and I'm gonna do a little monologue at the top of the Thursday podcast no matter what happens. My worst case scenario is that the Celtics were gonna be alarming in both games and that we're gonna have real questions now about what's going on with this team. 'cause it's beyond a funk and it's beyond an on off button issue. There's something a little bit deeper happening And I was fortunate enough to sit pretty close to the court both games. I was behind the Celtic bench for the Laker game, which was just embarrassing and really awful. And I think we're at the point now where we have to ask ourselves, is this Celtics team just different than it was last season?


All right, well what's different about it? Let's start with Jaylen Brown who isn't shooting as well as he did last year. I'm not gonna, I'm not gonna do the thing where I just read you a bunch of stats. You can look up all these stats. He's not shooting as well. Three pointers, two pointers. He's clumsier with the ball. He's closer to where he was two years ago than where he was last year. Where last year it felt by the end of the season, Tatum was one A and Jalen Brown was one B Tatum is clearly better than Brown this season. There is no, the one a one B thing is out the window and I, I don't really understand what's happening here. Studying it in person for the last two days. He seems jacked.


He looks like he's filming Rambo first blood part two or Predator was Stallone in the eighties. He's like really jacked to the point that I'm starting to wonder if it's made him a little more stiff. And, and you know, there was some really weird clipper moments on Wednesday night where they're playing against, you know, the role players and the scrubs and the Clippers. 'cause the Clippers rest everybody, they're furious with the league that the league rescheduled the fire game and it was six games in nine days. So they're like, we're throwing away the Celtic game. And as soon as they did that, I was like, watch this. I bet they, I bet they hang around somehow with this Celtics. They were very well coached and they really exploited some of the Jalen stuff that's been going on this year. What was fascinating about the Clipper game, van Gundy, who's like the defensive coordinator and the Clippers was just devising all of these different ways to mess with the Celtics.


Just they were trapping Jason Tatum 45 feet from the basket as he was trying to do his point forward stuff. They were trying to dive at Jaylen's Dribble like, which a lot of smart teams too. They're also trying to trap him at the end of games and just basically make him make dumb plays, which he was for whatever reason, really happy to do in that Clipper game. And they were exploiting the fact that this year, unlike last year, you can go buy all the Celtic guys. You saw it in the Clipper game with guys like Derek Jones and Kevin Porter was doing it until the Celtics brought in jaded Springer the Lakers tonight. How many times did Reeves go by somebody? I mean the, the Celtics, one of the things, the best things about them last year was the white holiday combo and the fact that those guys could lock down basically everybody in the other team, Tatum as a two-way player, Jalen Brown, whose defense, especially in the playoffs was great.


And this year they don't lock anybody down. Anybody in the league can go by them and get to the rim, which goes back to, is this an on off button issue or is just something different than last year? This is not an old team. These guys are all in their twenties. These guys are all in their prime or about to hit their prime and it's sloppy stuff that you could blame. The fact that they had a 100 game season last year that Tatum played in the playoffs. That white I not in the playoffs. In the Olympics, that white and holiday were in the Olympics, that Horford iss older, that they didn't have poor Zynga for the first two months. There's all these things you can blame And I'm, I'm perfectly fine with doing that, but it doesn't explain why Jalen isn't as good as he was last year.


I test over and over again game after game does not seem like the same guy as he was last year. Why isn't the defense as good as it was last year? Well, you can look at the advanced metrics and it seems fine. Even like the last 19 games, they're 10 and nine. If you look at their net rating on nba.com for the last 20 games of the, of the season, not counting today at Lakers, they're second in defensive rating. So there's all these advanced things you can look at and be like, no, no, they're fine. But I'm telling you, if you, if you're watching them every night, if you're going to the games, they don't really look fine. They don't lock teams down with defense the way they did. They're never up 2025 like they were last year.


They felt like they were up 20 in 75 to 80% of the games this year. That feels like they're down 15, down 10 down 12 in the first half of a lot of these games. And if you go back, you think they were 21 and five and now they're 31 and 14. So they're 10 and nine in their last 19. I watched all of the games they lost including, And I went to two of them or one went to one of them. The the 10 and nine thing starts with the bulls, they, they lose because Levine is just the best guy on the floor. He is 36, he, he just beats them. He plays better than everybody in the Celtics. Fine. That's one game they lose to the magic who were missing guys because they couldn't hit threes.


They were eight for 33 from threes. And if you watch that game, the magic just played really hard. They played harder than the Celtics did. And you go, huh, all right, well you know, on off switch fine Sixers Christmas, same thing. Sixers wanted the game more. You chalk that one up. Well the Sixers, they had all their guys, it was national tv, they have a losing record. They wanted the game where it was their Super Bowl chalk that one up, just making excuses. Time after time with this Pacers they win the first game against the Pacers by a million points. And you know, two days later, the way this works with these where you played the team two times in three games, you just know the Pacers are gonna do better in the second game, which of course they do, but the Celtics shoot 54 threes and they lose.


See, leave that game and you're like, eh, too many threes didn't go to the basket enough. So again, excuses, OKC was the first sign of like slight alarm because they played really well for three quarters. They were going toe to toe with the team that it, you know, they might be seen in the finals assuming they have a chance to get there. And then Drew stunk, SGA was the best guy in the game and in the fourth quarter in nut crunch time, which was really good for the Celtics down in the stretch last season, especially in the playoffs, OKC just outplayed them and stole the game from them. Slight sounds of alarm for that one.


They have a home no-show against the Kings who just changed their coach Drew and, and Derek White just looked ancient in that game. Three for 12 eh, coming back from a little road trip where they look pretty good. Well let that one slide again. Excuses they lose to Toronto who's not good And Toronto shoots 51% and Jaylen's off it was four for 16. Another bad sign they choke against the Atlanta Hawks. And this was Drew. This was one of the worst, this is probably the worst game he played against Boston. He said they screwed up the game, the game was gonna be over, they screwed it up, they blow it.


Not the kind of thing that was happening last year though. Fine. And then we go to this LA trip in these two games where Clippers game just take care of the game. They're playing all their scrubs in their role players just knock 'em out, knock 'em out in the, the last year's team would've win the game by 40 this year's team. It's a struggle the whole time and somehow it goes to overtime. They put miles on Tatum, they put miles on Brown, they put miles on white when they're playing the Lakers the next night who were arrested in the TT game. So basically they took so much effort to win that Clipper game that now they go into the Lakers game and, and they're a mess. So back to the Jalen Brown thing last year, brown and Tatum just had a really good thing going where there was games if Tatum didn't totally have it, brown would be able to lift it and they just had a nice yin yang thing that they just haven't had in the same way this year.


And Jaylen's offense has been really rough to watch. I could give you a million stats, you can go look 'em up. But his two point shooting's way down his three point shooting's way down and he's added a couple things to his game that I just don't love. There's like this flatfooted fall away he has now at the foul line. I can't stand that one. Does these weird drives to the basket where say, you know, sometimes he'll try to elevate and dunk on guys other times he's doing like this flat-footed kind of keeping low to the ground like scoop into traffic thing that the Clippers reading up last night. The alarming thing with Brown back to the Van Gundy thing. So the Celts are up like, you know six points, four points, whatever in the last minute of regulation and they're trapping the Celtics, they're doing all these things to try to get the Celtics screw up and they basically target Jalen Brown and there's this one possession where Van Gundy's telling them, 'cause we could see it, we're watching, we're watching Van Gundy's running a huddle.


It was kind of amazing to watch. And he's telling the guys something. So they come out and the Celtics swing the ball and they swing it and the Clippers are trying to get them to, to swing it to Brown. And they do. They trap brown, he throws it away. Clippers score Clippers come off and they're all fired up and they're pointing at Van Gundy. It was like you told us that was gonna happen. And I'm sitting there going, this is a bad sign if Van Gundy is just reading us like he's like the defensive coordinator in a football game who knows our plays. Like he's steering us to the play that we don't want to happen. It just wasn't great. They were really, really out outcoached in that clipper game, which I did not love. But in general he just, you know, he'll hit some threes.


The stats are fine, he can fool you unless you're actually watching game after game. He just hasn't been as good as he as he was last year. Derek White's another one. Derek White who the first six weeks of the season it was like, this guy's gonna make the all-star team. This guy is one of the best 30 assets in the league and his three point shooting has dropped by the month. 47% first month, 40%, 35%, 30 this month. The game today he was like the 19th best player in the game. Obviously he's not, but he's just not impactful. And then Holiday who kind of comes and goes and he is older and he is clearly saving himself for the playoffs. First half of the game, non-existent. Second half of the game they come out, they're pissed against the Lakers and they're now playing defense and holiday is guarding everybody and has this little five minute stretch that reminded you like this is why this team's pretty special with Nathan and Lee Drew as like this defensive weapon, Tatum and Brown and poor Zingus with this height.


Like they're, this is it, this is the team we're used to seeing. And then, you know, missed a couple shots. The Celtics were just so awful tonight. I don't know how many layups they missed, how many shots around the rim, but it felt like it was at least 20. They just couldn't buy a basket. They were just a complete mess. So the brown thing's concerning the white thing's concerning holiday's older. I'm gonna chalk it up to that. The on off switch thing, understandable, we've seen it happen a bunch of times with teams that won the title, but as we talked about before the season, the pods we've done, it could go one of two ways. After you win the title, you either have the on off switch or you have the chip on your shoulder because the bullseye is on you and everybody's coming after you.


And you can take that personally and be like, You know what, we're gonna kick everybody's asses again. That is not this Celtics team, at least so far. They got out coached in a few games, especially recently, the OKC game, the Clipper game last night, which they ended up winning. But definitely I coached in that one Lakers game tonight. I, I don't know what the lineups, but they're playing Twin Towers the whole that it's like you're doing the Lakers a favor when you're playing size where you wanna, you wanna use your athleticism. Last year, one of the reasons they blew them out was they, they were building everything around their wings tonight. They're, you know, they're playing cornet, they're doing Horford and pingus together. They didn't play Jayden Springer at all, even though his defense was, was so impactful yesterday.


And I didn't really understand anything they were doing. I wanted them to put Jayn Springer on LeBron or Reeves, try to take those guys out and try to win the game with defense. They did the opposite and the Lakers made everything they took. There is no real roster flexibility for trades. They're a second apron team. They have a bunch of big contracts and a bunch of small contracts and nothing really in between. Springer at 4 million, Prichard at 7 million. They don't, they don't, And I don't even know what the move is. Like the move is to hope that the light bulb goes off with these guys. 'cause right now it's not going off. I mentioned holiday with the age 43% shooting from three last year, 35% from this year.


They're just less special. And they have these funk games now that they just weren't having even in the first six weeks of the season. So as I look at the state of the Celtics conversations I have with my friends, with my dad, with everybody I know who likes the team, nobody is like, it's fine, it's okay. We're good. Nobody thinks that, but nobody is really in full panic either. It's more like, nah, nah though it should come back. I'm not sure that defense is gonna come back in the way that, that we really need it to come back unless Jaylen can get back to where he was last year.


And that's the guy I'm watching. 'cause I feel like Tatum actually made a, a slight step up, you know, from last year as a two-way guy, as a point forward, as a reliable guy night after night after night. With that said, last night is a really good example of the difference between Yoic, Giannis, SGA Luca, when he is healthy, and then every other really good player in the league, including Tatum. Because last night was the night where it's like you're playing all your role players in your scrubs. I'm gonna have 43. I'm just, I'm gonna just ice this game myself. This is what SGA does. Over and over again. SJ had, what do he have 55 against Utah.


Over and over again. He's just like dusting teams and Tatum as good as he is night after night after night. And the best thing about him is how consistent he is as a two-way guy. He's, he's just not a, I'm just gonna dust the other team and, and just get on my back everybody, guy. So it's the collective shit that has to make this team special. And if Jaylen's not quite where he was last year, if white's not quite where he was last year, if holiday's a little older, if Horford is a little older, if you're, if you're moving poor Zynga back in, the only guy who's gone up a level is Pritchard. And then on top of it, the league's better, the west is better, OKCs better, Cleveland's better, the Knicks are better.


You know, it's just everybody's deeper. It's a lot harder. You don't have 11 teams tanking yet and you have nights like you lose to Toronto 'cause you know, you fucked around. So when I think about like the trade deadline coming, and also it's not just the trade deadline, but the team is being sold. Like the bids were in today to get through the first round, there's at least five bidders. Everyone's expecting this to go to 6 billion. There's some instability within the organization, which is understandable because they're about to change hands from this great ownership and this great infrastructure they've had for the last almost 20 plus years to the unknown. So you have an organization that's a little more unstable than it was.


You have a team that's not quite as stable as it was the team I saw tonight against the Lakers. Like I, the thing, this is the thing that concerns me the most, the camaraderie slash connection with the guys doesn't seem the same right now. And it might just be like, oh, they're like an older married couple that, you know, they've, they've done this, they've been together, they don't need to do it. But there's a lot of plays where it's just five guys on the court. Like when, you know, they're shooting foul shots, it's five guys on the court who just seem like they're not connected in any way. There's plays where like somebody makes a shot and gets fouled and it's gonna be a three point play and not all the guys come over and do the fist bump with 'em.


It's little tiny stuff like that. It's the way the bench is reacting to certain things in the game. Not the same as last year, last year, the bench standing up going nuts. The, the personality of the team. You could just feel it when you're in the building. When you're on tv, you don't feel it in the same way. This year in the Cooper game yesterday, Jaden Springer because he, you know, out of nowhere and everybody likes him and he just had an awesome game. He was great. He swung the game for them and it really kind of ignited the bench. The bench was into it. They were psyched for him. He made a big three in the corner when Harden was like talking shit to him as he shot it and he made it and he ran off and they were all going nuts. And then tonight in this Laker game, it just felt like they all just wanted to go home.


So I'm both concerned and not concerned because I still don't know if there's three teams better than them. I don't think there's three teams more talented than them. And I think they should, you know, there's, there's no real reason that I can see that they can't make the finals again. But the way this is going, they're not gonna have the one seat in the east and they're not gonna have, they're not gonna have a home court advantage in the finals. If OKC gets in and maybe even a couple other themes like y now you're looking at a situation where maybe even Denver can finish with a better record than them. So this is a question and this is what makes trying to go back to back. So great. And we've seen so many teams try to do it and not be able to do it.


And there's always reasons for it. You always hit a point like this where you have to look in the mirror and decide, do we really wanna defend our title or not? And what I'm seeing lately with the Celtics is a team that seems like a zombie version of itself that doesn't seem to have that same chip on its shoulder that doesn't seem to be treating a back-to-back title as a life or death experience for them. They're just, there's there too many games now where the other team's playing harder than them and too many games when they're not solving issues that are pretty obvious as you're watching like tonight, like, just take out Reeves, just play hard defense on LeBron. Guard him full court.


Just make sure you're not giving up open threes to people like Hamo. This is, that's another thing with the Celtics team, the open threes that they're giving up this year. Like it makes you wanna rip your hair out. So again, it's not even February yet. A million things can change. One thing I'm looking for the rest of the way, and this is what I'll leave you with, is they have to have a win streak at some point. You have to put together three, four weeks of winning basketball night after night after night where there seems like there's something special about your team. Even Dallas last year and Dallas, you know, was an unexpected party Crasher that made the finals, but Dallas had to stretch after the Allstar break where for 25 games they just were kicking ass and playing really well.


The Celtics have not had a, a real stretch like that since the start of the season. And as this regular season goes on, they're not gonna do that. And this just becomes a night to night. I don't know what I'm getting from these guys situation. It's, I I don't think they're gonna make finals, so it's not urgent yet, but I'm flagging it. I didn't like what I saw the last two nights. One of those two games should have been good. Neither of them were, and honestly they should have lost both games. So we'll see. This is a nice test for Joe Missoula. This is a nice test for the roster. Whether they wanna tinker around it, maybe get a little more athletic, especially on The Wing.


It feels like they're an athletic wing short. And then Jalen Brown is the guy to watch going forward. What are, what are his numbers? What is his impact? Can he be the one B again? Because right now he's not, he's a two, he's not a one B and if he is a two, the ceiling of the Celtics team has to drop a little bit. I like what I've seen from Portus. I think the pedigree of this team is gonna be there when it actually matters. They're gonna have a home court when it actually matters. There's gonna be a good crowd for them, but it's pretty alarming 'cause the Lakers crushed 'em tonight And I don't think the Lakers are good. So that was my takeaway was Uhoh, this says way more about the Celtics than it does about the Lakers.


Anyway, we're gonna take a break and bring back Todd McShay.


The Bill Simmons Podcast is brought to you by FanDuel. From the first whistle to the final drive, FanDuel takes the NFL playoffs to the next level. Right now new customers can be $5 to get 300 bucks in bonus bets if you win. That's $300 of bonus bets if you win your first $5 bet. The FanDuel app gives you everything you need for live bet same game. Parlay is so much more. Plus, when you win, you'll get paid instantly. Just visit FanDuel dot com slash bs to join today and get started with $300 of bonus bets. That's three FanDuel dot com slash bs. My initials make the playoff season unforgettable with FanDuel. An official sportsbook partner of the NFL, you must be 21 plus in President select states or 18 plus in president in dc. First online real money wage are only $5 for a deposit required bonus issued as non RA bonus be, which expire seven days after receipt restrictions. Apply C terms at sportsbook dot FanDuel dot com game prom call 100 gambler or visit rg help.com.


This episode is brought to you by Uber Eats. Whether you're ordering wings for the game, whipping up a seven layer dip or ordering pizza, there's something about football that makes you wanna eat. And this football season, Uber Eats has the best deals on game day food. No matter what you're craving from two for one pizza to buy one get one wings, Uber Eats will be dropping new deals each week. All season long. Uber Eats the official on demand delivery partner of the NFL. Order Now for game day terms and conditions apply, See app for details.


Alright, taping this early Thursday afternoon Pacific time. Todd McShay is here. I hope you've been listening to the McShay Show, which we've had on The Ringer for the last couple months during a very action packed college football season. Lots to get to. First of all, welcome to The Ringer belatedly. Great to have you on the pod. Yeah, man, I it's been fun. I appreciate it, appreciate you, your support in all of it, and we're having a good time. It's, it's been a whole different world, right? Like I, I didn't know anything about this world, but we've, we've enjoyed it and now we're kind of turning the page. We have the NFL playoffs and then the NFL draft and so we're kind of hitting our sweet spot. Well, I have a vested interest in this draft, which we'll get to later. Did the right team win the college football championship?


Yeah, they did. And it's what's wild too is like all the complaints about the 12 team playoff and all the adjustments we have to make and the seating's a mess and it should never be conference champions, but at the end of the day, Ohio State wouldn't have been in it in the previous, you know, 14 playoff structure. And Ohio State was clearly the best team and, and it, it took them going on a run. The Michigan loss is a Michigan thing for Ohio State. It's not reflective of, of the, the program and what they are. I mean, that's, that's almost a head space that they're gonna have to have to deal with. But, but that was the best team. And, and, and it was, everyone talked about, well, they bought a $20 million roster.


Well they just used a lot of that 20 million to keep the guys there that were there on the defensive side. And, and yeah, they added a running back in haw judkins and, and their quarterback Will Howard was a really good fit for what they do, but ultimately the vast majority of that team was there and they just kept a lot of guys from going to the NFL and having to take pay cuts to do stuff. Right. Wait, you know, you were one of the rare college and NFL guys priscilla's like this too. There's a few of them. Gun to your head, which one do you like more? Like if you, if you could only be stuck with one for the rest of your life, which one would you pick Gun to head? I would say college football. I love why, I love the why, why college football? What is it?


It's, it's the, I I guess I grew up on it. Like my grandfather worked with Bo, she beckler and, And I like going out. I grew up in new in, in Boston outside of Boston. S Swampscott, small town north of Boston. But he had worked, he lived in, in Ohio and, and helped the recruiting area of northeast Ohio. And, and so I was around that, around that Michigan program and kind of just understood like, you always see like the pageantry and the, but it's like, just how important that is. Yeah. And, and it was weird growing up here, right? Because like it's all pro sports here in New England, all pro sports Except for the one flutie run we had that little flutie Yeah, yeah, exactly. Intersection. And that was about it for foot for college football, Right.


And so just being around that, I kind of was introduced to something that was different than what we grew up around, you know, living in this area. So, I don't know, I just have always loved like going to games and the tailgating and, and how important it is and the flags flying as you're driving through a town and the, the crowd and the atmosphere. It's just home to me. It, it really is. Yeah. But the personnel part, like I just, I I became obsessed with in my twenties when I started in this business just evaluating, all right, which of these guys can actually go play at the next level? Yeah. And building a roster. So that's kind of how it all developed for me. Well, so last year we had these three quarterbacks and it was so much fun to talk about them and everybody kind of agreed ceiling wise, Caleb has to be first.


That was like what everybody came away with this guy. He's Mahomes ish. There's some leadership stuff potentially there's some immaturity stuff, but he's gotta be the pick. And yet there were some other people who are like, eh, chick May's, little Josh Allen and then Jaden Daniels was the other one. And the reason people seem to be down on Daniels was the frame. Could he be durable enough? Could he handle it? But then everybody was pointing to last year and saying, this guy was amazing last year. Like if this guy can do in the pros what he did in college, this guy is going to be an amazing quarterback in durability. This question, did this exceed what you even thought? Like whatever you had as a ceiling for Daniels coming in, what's happened this year?


Did you see any version of this happening? Not this version, man. I mean, I, I'll go back to what I said last year before the draft. If you're dropped on this planet and you can only base your evaluation off of one year of tape, like the 2023 season, Jayden Daniels was clearly the better prospect, right? Yeah. But, but throughout the process, there was Jayden Daniels at, at Arizona State, which was kind of this running around backyard football, all about his legs. Occasionally he'd, he'd pop a pass down the field and then he got to to LSU. And even early on there, like I remember being on the field with Brian Kelly before the, the Tennessee game.


Okay. And Tennessee came in big favorites and they wound up blowing out LSU in that game. But I remember being on the field with him and, and watching Jayden and having to watch his tape and just saying like, what do you see in practice that I'm not seeing? Because it looks like he can make all the throws, but he just doesn't seem to trust it and the anticipation isn't there and all that. And he said, he said, watch the first play of this game, just watch. Because it, we're forcing him to make this throw. I'm not gonna tell you where it's going, but we're gonna force him to make this throw because we're trying to prove to him that if you just trust your read and your eyes and you get the ball out on time, you're special. You're different than anything we've been around or seen. Hmm.


And so the first play of the game comes and of course I'm on the sideline, like peeking over and it's a, it's a deep comeback route to the left to left side. And he gets back top of his drop and just rips it. And if it gets picked, it's a pick six. And at that point he hadn't thrown an interception and everyone in, in the local media was just, oh, this Jaden Daniels is great. He hasn't thrown an interception through five games. How good has he been? And and Brian's point was like, I can't wait for him to throw an interception. Like it's driving me fucking crazy. Right? But the media is talking about the interception thing, but the reason he is not trusting is he is so concerned about throwing a pick. So anyway, ball comes out perfect throw right on time completion. And you saw it there like a, that was like the first step in his confidence of like, You know what, if I trust what I'm seeing and my instincts, yeah I can build from here.


And he just kept getting better. And then the following season was 2023 and he just took off. It's funny that we've, and you know, I'm in my mid fifties now and it still doesn't feel like we've figured out a valuation of like the best basketball prospects, quarterbacks. I think when we get to like, you know, like Abdul Carter pass rushers, we have a pretty good sense of like, yeah, this guy's probably gonna come in and be really good. But the quarterback thing, so much of it seems to depend on situation, what your college experience was, where you going into who your coaches when you get there the first couple years, And I think of like the situation Daniels was in versus what Drake may was in where he is. Like F minus offensive line.


Yeah. No receivers, the worst coach is possible. And he is just running for his life for four quarters. And then Daniels who had kind of an overqualified offensive coordinator, a good head coach, a lot of veterans around him, a team that trusted him, he had five years in college and all that led to like something really good. But then he got hurt, what, five weeks, six weeks in he took a hit. Didn't seem like he was the same for fighting. And it's like, well this is why we were a little nervous. Could his body hold up? Now I'm thinking about picking them to beat the Eagles. And he like, he looks that good compared to what we're watching. And I wanna talk to you about what's going on with Hertz too. But it does feel realistic that he could just win three straight playoff games in a row.


And I, I don't like for a rookie quarterback to do that. Is that inconceivable to you? It is inconceivable. 'cause history says it doesn't, like it's, it's almost impossible to happen. Right? Right. Like what he's doing now, bill, is it's so far beyond what you would you can, that it's, that you're allowed to expect from a rookie quarterback. Like I went back and looked right, like no rookie quarterback has ever led his team to a Super Bowl. Right? Right. There have been five others who have led, led led their team to a conference championship. And I wanna lead, I want to rip off these names for you. Sean King. Yeah.


Ben Roethlisberger. And I want you to think back like when they actually were rookies was Game manager Ben Roethlisberger. Correct. Joe Flacco, same deal. Mark Sanchez, Brock Purdy. Now I want you to think about what we just saw last week. And then there's a whole other list of guys in their second year, six of them since 2000 have act, have in their second year as quarterbacks have led their teams to a Super Bowl. Brady, Roethlisberger, Kaepernick, Russell Wilson, Joe Burrow, and Purdy. I would say of that group, burrow probably carried more of the offensive load on his shoulders than any of those other guys. And even Brady back then we were protecting Brady.


You know, it was all Brady was in close to Brady in 2001. No. And so then you think about what, what Jayden's doing and under pressure and not just beating the pressure with his legs, but with his arm. And then you think about like the vast majority of the run plays too. I think this kind of goes unnoticed in the NFL with how quick the defenses are and how fast the action to play is. He's having to make reads in the run game too with his own read option and all the, the possibilities there. So every snap he is making decisions that a rookie quarterback usually doesn't have to have that much load put on them. And he is doing it at such a ridiculous level. That's why like this is by far, I I think by far in my lifetime, the best rookie quarterback performance I've ever seen.


And CJ Stroud was awesome, but this is different man. And, and the, and the supporting cast is not to the level that, that it should be for a rookie quarterback to have this success. And ho honestly I like Washington. I I'm gonna go with him. I Think I Am special's, I think something special's happening. And I trust, here's the weird part. I trust him more than I trust Jalen Hertz. So that's, I have this playoff manifesto with all these rules. And one of the rules is you really gotta look at the quarterbacks, look at both sides. Imagine betting on the game and just going down the four quarters with each guy. And I, I wanna talk about Hertz in a second because the stuff that's going on with him is alarming.


And there were some really good videos and pieces about it in the last week. The Daniels piece, the only you listed, we talked about this last week on my pod, just like the Brady 2001 and Mahomes his first full year. And I think the Mahomes, his first full year is the only real comparison that I can remember. Yep. I, I honestly with Marino who was amazing, but you know, we, in the mid eighties, he was probably on TV three times Right. Where we had football. I can't say I was like a Dan Marino expert. He would play the Pats or the Jets and you would get one of those games maybe. Yep. But Mahomes, we were there for, and he was good enough to win the Super Bowl that year and they got really lucky. Like the D Fords jumped off sides or the pat or Brady throws an interception.


The Pats lose that game. Mahomes would've gone on the Super Bowl that year. Burroughs another one that I think felt like he was arrived and ready to go and he was gonna be in our lives for the next 15 years. And I just think Daniels hit that point, even before the Detroit game. It was just clear he was gonna be in our lives. That the part that was amazing to me is that it felt like Detroit could have run for 10 yards of carry. I'm sure they're looking at the tape going, how did we lose that game? Yeah. That, how did we ever not score a touchdown every time we had the ball? So now I look at Philly and it's like, all right, are they just gonna rush for 300 yards? Maybe Hertz doesn't have to do anything, but I don't, I don't like trusting QBs who are playing like shit and he's playing like shit.


He is, it's gonna be interesting, like, I don't want to go too deep in the, in the mud, but like please Do Phil Philly, We're here to go in the mud. Phil Philly lives on first down running the football. Yeah. They, I think I've read like 71% of the time on first down they've run the football in the postseason and it was damn near that close in, in the regular season. It's all about staying on schedule and, And I think in part because they don't trust their quarterback, right? Yeah. Because if we're in third they're, they're one for 11 on third down conversions in the postseason when it's third and seven or longer, what does that tell you? You know what I mean? How about The explosive plays? He is missed in the two games.


Yes. Where he's had AJ open deep and just like either threw it outta bounds or was laid on the throw. That safety he took against the Rams in the second half was one of the worst quarterback plays of the year. It was unbelievable that that happened. That's what would happen if, you know, if it's like somebody who's replacing Deshaun Watson on the Browns, like that kind of level quarterback. It's like this Jalen Hertz has been to a Super Bowl, like the one thing. And the other time when he knocked him out of field goal range 'cause he took a sack. Like this is like basic qb shit. Like don't, don't make your situation worse, like just get out of it. He can't even seem to do that. So, And I think the Eagle fans are really aware of it, but also feel like they can rush for 330 yards on Sunday.


Right. And they could, I mean they, they could, but I also, like Washington has gotten to the point where they're one, one of the top teams in, in the NFL the last like second half of the season. And in the postseason with a run blitz on first down. So like it could become a war of, alright, when does Philly take a chance? Play action first down. Yeah. And can ja, can Jalen cash in? Yeah. You know, and, and again, if you're betting on Jalen, is that the bet you wanna make? Well the, so if you're making the case for Washington, And I think I'm gonna make it when I do million Dollar Picks, You figure, what's the spread in that game by the way? Is it Eight? It's up to six and a half. Yeah. Oh, six and a half it'll probably seven. Who knows? Okay. But you figure it'd be the same recipe at the against Detroit where each side's gonna have seven possessions.


We take our time, time, we're gonna move the ball down the field every fourth and two, fourth and three, we're going for it. We're gonna complete 70% of our passes. The clock's gonna be moving, moving, moving. We'll hang around. Maybe we're up ten seven in the second quarter. Philly has a turnover. Now we have the ball again. Now we're, now it's 17, 7, 13 now Hertz has to start making plays. Right. And that's their scenario to win the game. Which is very similar to the Detroit scenario. Exactly. The eagle scenario is just, we're up 10, nothing. We're running the ball, we're chewing up clock. Daniels comes out, we get like one stop, we rush through the middle, we get, and now, now all of a sudden it's 13 nothing. And now we can just run the ball, run the ball, run the ball, play action, we're home.


So I see the two sides. I just feel more comfortable with the Daniel side. Yeah. Especially with that number, you know, And I Just Yeah, because it feels like either team can win the game. So if that's the case. Correct. I'd rather just take the six and a half. I'd love to see Washington jump 'em early. Yeah. You know, a quick strike early in the game. Kind of knock Philly back on its heels. Yeah. IIII just think momentum's crazy confidence is, is like, is so much of this and we've, we've lived through it our whole lifetime. Like when teens get on a run, forget the seeds, forget the, the Vegas spreads.


Like there's something about that momentum and like the belief in what we're doing and it just feels like Washington has that now again, they could walk into a buzz saw Philly jump gets out and has a big play early on and now, now they can run the football and they get a lead. But, but I just, I I don't know, something special is happening happening in Washington And I don't wanna be on the other side of it anymore. Well were you in Massachusetts during the oh one Pats run? Oh one The first Super Bowl? Yes. Yes. I just moved back from New York. I lived in New York. I went to school at Richmond, lived in New York for two years. I came back just honestly, I, I think five, six months before. So I was there for the whole run. Yeah.


It felt like, and it was a little similar where it was an outta nowhere thing. It seemed improbable. They were big underdogs each, I mean they were even bigger underdogs than Washington is. And the snow game was the one that officially flipped the narrative. It's like, wait, what's going on here? And then they went into Pittsburgh, they got, you know, couple special teams plays. There was some Pittsburgh turnovers and it was just chip on their shoulder. The only people that believe in us are in this locker room. And Washington definitely has some of that. I think the difference is Daniels is just way ahead of where Brady was. Brady game manager, really smart. Didn't turn the ball over, but wasn't, he wasn't really Brady until I think 2005, six range when they really started leaning on him.


Yep. This Daniels thing to, to lean on a rookie where he's basically the offense is hinging on him. It's pretty unusual. I will say though, Ecker being back and them having two running backs now and just huge difference. It just feels like they can run the ball a little bit. And Eckler looked like he had juice, right? Yeah, no question. Like, like a couple years ago, like, you know, when he was, when he was in his, I don't wanna say Prime, but when he was at his peak, it kind of, a couple of his runs, I was like, ohoh shit. Like Eckler's back. Right. Well I, we were talking last week when we on the show and we were trying to figure out could watch them win this game. They had a really weird season where they looked really good the first few weeks.


Then they had, Daniels got hurt, they had a couple injuries, they had the Hail Mary game was lucky. Yeah. And they kind of like, they weren't stumbling through the middle of the season, but they looked, I totally like, they were like a rabbit team, the team that looks good for the first two, two and a half months. But then like the last month of the season, they kind of went back to where they were in September and then it just kept going and going and going. So you could think that you could also think they easily could have lost to Tampa if Tampa just converts a second in one and makes three more plays and is up four. Yeah. With two minutes left. But I'm with you. Like sometimes with football you get this momentum that's going. I, I guess the question for me on the, in the other conference is does Buffalo have that too?


Or Buffalo has had like the turnover stats with them are nuts where they've never had a game where they've had more turnovers. The other team, the whole season, everyone else has done that is won the Super Bowl the game last week. It did. They just have a habit of, the other team just shoots themselves in the foot as they're playing them. So I wonder like maybe it could be a Buffalo, Washington. Yeah. You should have seen this all along. This is, but this is what we've done all year. Why didn't you believe in us? The Josh Allen thing? Like it's his time. It's His Oh, you're going there. 'cause I think I'm picking KC. Good, good. I want everyone else to, and You know what, like, it's like, it's kinda like when your mom says to your kid like how many times you're gonna burn your hand on the stove or how many times Yeah.


Like you have and and as life went on, like I, I think I've come to realize like I'm gonna be the one who's gonna burn my hand more, you know, going Against the chiefs, you mean? Yeah. And so maybe it's a me thing, but, but I, I don't know. I, here's what the tangible thing that I think is different is the turnover aspect for, for Josh Allen. I also, I talked about with this, with our guy Ryan Marcelo. Yeah. Right after it happened, what was it, week 11? Was it Kansas City Buffalo? Right. 30 21. They beat him. I remember watching that game and waiting to see, 'cause they were up four, Buffalo was up four. It's like every time a an opponent has, has a lead over Kansas City in the fourth quarter, they get, there's always like that middle of the fourth quarter or like a little bit past the midpoint of the fourth quarter.


They get a drive. The opponent does. And, and there's some level of conservative play, whether it's playing for a field goal, whether it's, it's dialing it back, not not being aggressive. The mentality has to be we're down for, and that's what Buffalo did. It was a, Hmm. Remember they, they've lost three games to them in the playoffs. They've, they've found out, found ways to lose. They've had games pulled away from 'em. All of it. I saw the kind of the, the switch in the mentality in that, in that week 11 game where, all right, we've got the ball. I forget exactly when they got it. Maybe like six, seven minutes left in the fourth quarter, they're down by four.


But if you didn't know the score, you'd say, oh, they're, I'm sorry they're up by four. Yeah. But you, if you didn't know the score, you would've said they're down by four points in this game. Because it's not, not by three or not. Now they're down by four is the mentality they had. 'cause they had to score a touchdown and and they drove the field. They went forward on fourth downs. They were aggressive the entire time. Yeah. And they put the game away because what teams do all the time in that fourth quarter drive is they take for granted. Like it's, it's assumed. It absolutely has to be assumed that when Mahomes gets the ball, they're going to, it doesn't matter how much time's left they're going to score and there's gonna score a touchdown. Yeah. So if you play with that math and it, so like it was important for that game, but I also think it showed that the bills get it.


They get that we can't turn the ball over, we can't give 'em extra possessions. And in the fourth quarter we are full like full steam ahead. Most important drive to save our season even if we have a lead. And I just think the way Josh is playing, I I think this is this, we're witnessing the best of Josh Allen in this moment and the best of one of the most talented players to ever play the position has gotta be good enough eventually. Right. And this, are There Manning Brady, mid two thousands parallels for you with this when it seemed like Manning couldn't get over the hump against the Pats and then finally was able to do it in the a FFC title game? Absolutely. After, yes. Absolutely Had a regular season win, but then it, he had to do it in the playoffs then he finally did it.


Absolutely. Okay. Yeah. I, Well again, I like it's impossible to, to say I'm confident or I have any confidence in it with Mahomes. And we know what they do and, and like every good good organization, they get their quarterback and they have drafted defense after defense after defense. And if you put a great defense on the field, which is what has been Brett Vich, their gm and Andy Reed, their philosophy, like the second they got Mahomes and realized he was the guy, if you go back and study their drafts, it's like four of the first six picks defense. Yeah. Three of the first four, five of the first seven, six in a row defense. And they've loaded up on that side. 'cause the quarterback's gonna take care of all the, all the problems on the offensive side.


Yeah. So we gotta have a great defense. 'cause we don't have, we don't have a fixer on that side. And so that's, that's how they've built this whole thing. And so, but I look at Buffalo and Buffalo like defensively, they're not as as great as, as Kansas City is, but they've done a lot of the same things. They, they've sacrificed their offensive playmakers for de for their defensive talent. I think they're better upfront in the defense than they maybe have been in previous matchups. I just, I don't know. I think it's their time. So I was thinking about, I should have said this on the pod we did Sunday night after the game, I blew it. They there was 93 seconds left when they went for the two point. And if Andrews catches it, it's 2027.


27 27. And we left the game. Yes. And oh my God, he dropped it. He blew the game for them, Josh, add the ball with like enough time to go 40, 45 yards and set up some sort of field goal. And I almost wonder if that would've been a better outcome for the Bills as we think about the, the game going forward. Like instead of how they won it, where the narrative after the game becomes, oh my God, Baltimore, they, Lamar, he didn't come through in the first half and Andrews fumble and drops the two. And it was like Baltimore blew it. Baltimore blew it. Baltimore blew it. If Alan had just come down and gotten the game-winning field goal or whatever in those last 93 seconds, I feel like we'd be talking about this chiefs game differently. And by the way, he probably would've.


Yeah. But you, I think Buffalo almost wants it that way. Right? Right. They do seem like they're a chip on the shoulder. Yeah. They were doing a lot of, nobody believed in us. I think they knew what the line was. Yeah. I thought Baltimore was the best team in the week. And I still kind of feel that way. Like I don't regret picking them last week. They lost, but I, I just thought they were really good and they, all the errors were self-inflicted. The one, the punch out on the Andrews fumble was, that was a great play by Buffalo. Yep. That was The two mistakes in the first half by Lamar were terrible plays by him. Yeah. Like really like plays you can't Make and he's good. He he's good for those in, in these moments. Yeah. That's been the problem. That's been the problem. That Has been the problem.


And for, for Alan, you know, it's fun when a quarterback gets to this point, and we've seen it throughout the course of history where they kind of ha he kind of has to win this year. He Has to win this game. Like this is like the season, this is like, this is, this happens in basketball too. You have a season where a lot of stuff align. This is it. I just really like the Chiefs. I still think they're really good. I don't feel like with the team that they were in the first 12, 13 weeks, I think they've solved some of those issues. They're a little more explosive than they were in September, October, November. They can run the ball a little better. I still believe in them at home. I just think they'd be so hard to be Kelsey's the whole deal. Kelsey's the whole deal. He's the whole deal in this game.


If you go back and look like he, he, he clearly has not been the player this year that he has been in, in, in the past. Yeah. But you go back and look at those wins, the three times that the, the chiefs have beaten the bills. He's averaged nine catches per game. Yeah. 96 yards and almost two, two touchdowns in those three games. Right. The week 11 game that we were talking to, I want to say had two catches for eight yards. Well, they keep him in the garage during the regular season now. No, I get that. I Get that. Yeah. They put the cover over him. They put the, him in the heated garage with Especially this year. Yeah. When he was, is not. And I, you know, I took a lot of heat for it, but I I know him. Right. Like he was not in the shape that he is been in in a lot of other years.


It just wasn't like Yeah. There. So they were like, they were getting him to this point. Had an awesome game with 117 right. Last week. Yeah. So Terrell Bernard did an, an amazing job in coverage on him. So that's gonna be the matchup you wanna watch in this game. The linebacker for the bills the first time around, he also had the interception that game, but They have some secondary issues this game. Yes. There's some guys who may or may not play and, and their secondary was already not incredible to begin With. Yeah. So I mean that to me because, because when Mahomes gets in these games and these types of situations, like it's cute that we've got a burner and, and Xavier were these here. Yeah. And we, you know, like all this, all these other bells and whistles and all the things we want, but he's going to rely on himself and Travis.


I mean, it's been proven. Yeah. And so he would rather, he would rather extend a play and dance around and do some things and wait for Kelsey to find a soft spot. Versus in those moments, in the big moments, if you really watch it, he'll turn down opportunities with other guys and say, I I, I can create a little longer. I'm gonna wait for, for Travis. Because we have to, when he has to have it, that's what he tends to do. So I, I think, I think Kelsey is gonna be the, the key to this game. Not I, it's not breaking news, but like he, I think we kind of got lulled to sleep well. They, you know, they're winning games and Travis hasn't been huge this year, but the No, they wanted three games from him. That was it. I think that was the deal before the season.


Are you gonna be ready for the three games at the end of the season? Yeah. Are you gonna be a nine for 99 with a touchdown each each game? Let's take a break. I wanna keep talking quarterbacks.


This episode is brought to you by LinkedIn in basketball, a blockbuster trade can make or break your playoff run before the deadline. GMs across the league scour for the right data and insights, hope their moves pay off February 6th trade deadline this year, by the way, just like in basketball, growing your small business in 2025 all comes down to how well you can build your team. That starts with better insights from LinkedIn with unique skills and interests to the connections you have in common. LinkedIn has the strongest hiring data and insights to help you identify the right professionals so you can make the best hiring decisions. LinkedIn pairs you with the high quality candidates you need to make your business grow and flourish. LinkedIn also lets you go beyond candidates who are actively applying in a given week. 171 million LinkedIn members aren't actively seeking jobs, but they are open to new opportunities who isn't? That's a big pool of people you don't wanna miss out on. And who knows, one of them could be your next all star player. So hire smarter in the new year, find your next grade. Hire on LinkedIn. Post your job for free at LinkedIn dot com slash simmons. Once again LinkedIn dot com slash Simmons to post your job for free terms and conditions apply.


Alright, my guy Drake May, I know you've been watching them. I just got a shoehorn just 'cause you're here. I got a shoe in shoehorn. Three minutes of content. So I'm on a lot of Pat's text threads. We watched what happened with Washington this year where very similar to the Pat's right now, where they had, they drafted the franchise qb, they brought in a new coach, they brought in new leadership, they made a bunch of smart free agent signings. They did well in the draft and they just basically patched together a playoff team that now has a legitimate chance to make the Super Bowl and it'll happen in a year. The Pats they have may. So you think like, think of last year's May season as like Daniel's at OSU, basically like that kind of same thing. Now he's gonna have his first real season hopefully with a, on a real professional team, easy schedule.


They have a ton of cap space. The the most in the league. I assume they're gonna spend money. The crafts really haven't spent money the last 10 years, but we'll see if they do it this year. Fourth pick in the draft top of every draft going, going down. They have two third round picks. Like why can't this be them next year? What are the reasons that can't happen? I mean, what Jayden has done is, is unbelievably unique and special, but it's Drake's second year and and he has shown, he's like, he's different. That last year's quarterback, last man. When you go back and look at it, And I, I'm just excited to see it develop, but like appendix look pretty good. Yeah.


Bone nicks, bone Nicks, there's a cap on Bo Nicks, but He's a, he's definitely an an average to above average starter. Yeah. And, and it's the perfect situation for him. Yeah. With, with Sean. But the whole group, you know, and, and, and now Ben Johnson comes to to Chicago and, and you know, that's a whole different conversation. They're set up for that kind of success. I'm not saying make a Super Bowl run, but they are set up to be a surprise playoff Team to maybe be a 10 win team, To be a surprise playoff team next year from, from this, you know, from team that, that was a game away from having the first overall pick to make maybe potentially making a run. They, here's the hard part. I just talked about the defense and, and, and variable certainly will, will have his finger on the pulse and, and make, make the final decisions.


But he will be pushing towards building a great defense with a right, with a great young quarterback. And I figured he'll do the lines right. He'll be like, let's start with the lines and we'll build out from both sides of the line of scrimmage And we'll pluck a receiver here. Yeah. We'll grab a retread running back there and, and we don't need to put a ton of money in that right away unless they go out and get one of the, you know, the top free agents or make a trade at wide receiver. I don't even know that that's gonna be their immobile. We'll see. But at the end of the day, like what we saw from Drake May, it was all you needed to see to have, be resuscitated as a Patriots fan. Like there's, they have two assets in the entire organization. I said it, it's Drake, may and and Gonzales at Cornerback And Vrabel.


Now, now we have three assets. No, I'm saying before, before the move. Before they, they changed over like they had two, two assets And I was screaming, protect your assets. Don't play 'em in that final game. They should. You And I were texting, they should never have had the coach coach that game. Gerard Mayo should n never have been in that position. But here we are now you've got the fourth pick And I, it's not all gonna come down to the fourth overall pick. You know, if Abdul Carter was the fault of him at four, it would be, I don't wanna say a miracle, but the odds are it's not gonna happen. Right. They, they desperately, in my opinion, need one of the quarterbacks to fall to them. Cam Ward Or Yeah. So let's talk about that Yeah. Door because right now it's a three player draft unless Sanders can move up and get people excited and wet people's appetite and make it a fo because it seems like war's higher than Sanders.


Yeah. And then Carter and Hunter. But right now it's a three player draft drop off. People start arguing who the fourth pick should be, which is bad for the pets. I think. Yes and no because you're sitting there for Tennessee has a quarterback need Cleveland has a quarterback need and Giants have a quarterback need. But Tennessee said they're taking the best guy they'd said like on Bill. Now who knows? That might be be posturing, but come on Bill. How long have you been in this game? I'm not saying that they won't and maybe eventually they will. But, but since when as a team come out with the, the, the, the in mid January. Yeah. Instead if it's a generational talent, we're we're gonna say Yeah. Okay. Fair. That's, that's, that's NFL speak for Hey come and get the pick.


If not, we'll we'll take your guy. Yeah. They want out of that pick, you know, just like the Patriots would've wanted out of that pick. 'cause they realize there the, there is no Drake may in this class. Yeah. There's no JD Daniels in this class. There's no Caleb Williams in this class. Right. So, so let's try to get out of this pick and let's build it like the rest, like Detroit had built it, like the Eagles have have built it like San Francisco did, like, you know, the Ravens continue to do all the organizations building on defense and offensive lines. Right. And so I think Tennessee's gonna try to follow in that, in those footsteps and, and try to follow the, the blueprint and try to get out of that pick and get more picks in a draft where Yeah, those are the top three and they're, they're elite players, but even in recent drafts you could say there's better at those individual positions.


So let's, but Usually the quarterbacks drift up And they will, There's some this weird phenomenon that happens and then all of a sudden you've got two guys in the top four. Even though there's been, like, the trubisky year was a good example when that happened. The, the, the more people stare at the list and the quarterbacks and think about how important the position is, all of a sudden you start looking at the strengths instead of the weaknesses of the guys and the guys climb up. So I assume that might happen. Yeah. I I, one of two things is gonna happen. Either both the quarterbacks are gonna go to one of those three spots and Abdul Carter will go Yeah. And then tra Travis Hunter is, is your, is your picket number four. Unless you can move out of that to get additional pitch Doesn't seem like a variable pick.


It doesn't. Right. They need a left tackle. They have to come out of the draft with a left tackle or a pass rusher. And that's, it has to be the, for the paths, it has to be one of those two. Think they need people who can block for Drake may, he's the only asset they have of the guitar. So, So, so trade back with Vegas at six or the jets at seven, You know what I mean? Or, or, or the Saint's at nine and and sure. And I, if, if one of those two quarterbacks falls, right? Yep. That would be the dream scenario. Yeah. I think the worst scenario is Cam and and UR go in the top three picks and Ab Abdul Carter has gone as well. And now you're staring at Hunter, hunter who you don't need Who, who's a wonderful, he is a generational type talent, but you're only getting him on one side of the ball for the vast majority.


Right. And you have him as a cornerback. Right. I think he's actually a better wide receiver than he is cornerback. But if you're gonna try to play him and get value from him on both sides, you better play him as a cornerback and then put in some packages for him. You know, That's gonna be super fun if somebody decides to do that. I'm just glad that player exists. 'cause I remember, you know, after college when, or even during college, when Deion Sanders, when I was in college and Dion had that capability of just coming in and playing series on offense. It was like the most exciting thing. It Was like, oh my God, This is amazing. I looked, I looked it up Like, Charles, what's that many plays? I think he had like 61 receptions his entire career.


Dion did. Yeah, Dion did. And that was the mo like champ Bailey had like six Charles Woodson had like two, you know, like, so there's not a, there's not a history of of someone actually being like consistently, you know, that productive. Yeah. So last year's draft seems like it was almost a unicorn draft. Like the way we're gonna look back at it, where there's just star players all throughout the first round. There's all we, and we ended up with five starting quarterbacks. We ended up with potentially two, you know, maybe generational quarterbacks, maybe three if Caleb can get his shit going. Yep. And then this year's draft come and we Haven't seen anything from JJ yet who's got Right.


Arguably the best coach Oh, JJ to Develop him. Yeah. And then this year's draft, like you look at Cam Ward, you look at Sanders, where did they go in last year's draft with the tape they have and like the grade they have for this season. Are they in that like pennix nick level? Are they JJ level or are they below Pennix? Like where are they? I think, I think the conversation starts at four with, with jj. Okay. There's no conversation with, with Caleb Jayden or, or Drake. Okay. I think it starts at, at four most teams had JJ McCarthy as the fourth. Some teams were higher on him than others and believe that he was maybe the second or third best quarterback in the class.


I, I didn't, I didn't. I I thought he was the fourth best. I think, see the interesting part is this, the best pure passer in this draft is shado layers the ball ball placement. Good instincts as a passer processes things real quickly. Doesn't have a great arm. Not a very good, the weird part is he is, he is coach prime's son. He is not a great athlete. Like he extends plays, but his instincts in the pocket get him in a lot of trouble. Hmm. And then you've got Cam who doesn't, I don't wanna say he doesn't process as as quickly, but he's been in these systems where he hasn't had to go through all the reads. I don't think he can get himself out of trouble as a rookie, you know, in terms of understanding where to go with the ball.


He's not as like consistent with his accuracy. He makes more poor dec he'll make a player or two a game where you're like, oh no. Like will Levi type shit. Right? Oh no. Yeah. The Levi word, But, but he's a better athlete than Shado. Yeah. He extends, plays his arm angles the way he's able to get the ball out. He's got a much better arm than Shado. So traits wise, cam is the guy if you can develop him. But if you're asking compared to last year's class, I, I think it may go jj, JJ McCarthy four and then, and then I would say Cam Ward, Pennix, and then Shado kind of bow Nicks like in that range.


So if Donald had been really good down the stretch, and let's say they lost in round two, but he was good in that game and it wasn't his fault and it turned into a situation, oh, Minnesota should resigned him that. Like they should actually bring him back and trade. Jj that's a smarter move. You think JJ has the kind of talent that you could have traded one of the four picks in the top four for jj and that's a good trade Yeah. Compared to his in the draft. Okay. Yeah, I think so. And I think it probably, it, it could have happened that way, but I don't know that Minnesota would've even gotten rid of him. Yeah. I think they would've sat on both had he played great down the stretch. It would, it was shaping.


I'm, I'm, I'm actually frustrated 'cause it was shaping up to be one of the most fascinating personnel decisions you could ever Make. Yeah. It was like, like a, like a poor man's young versus Montana type of situation. Yes. Right. Yes. It's like, what do we do? We have two guys. But The problem is with the salary cap, like you're now preventing your organization from building everywhere else by keeping Sam. Yeah. But then are you gonna ga you have this sure thing if he goes and plays, well like you said, two playoff games, they lose. But he, he's through for 2 60, 2 70 and everything. He's, He's 27 years old or whatever he is. It's like, all right, we got a guy. We got Our guy. And so that, that would've been unbelievable to watch. It's amazing what two games did to his value, you know?


Yeah. Now he's gonna be like, giants, Tennessee. Yep. Some sort of stopgap somewhere else. But it's, It'll be interesting how much, see how much money he lost too. That was the most wrong. I've been about anything all season. I, I completely believed by week 17 with the Vikings, I was like, I'm in on this team. I did too. I believe in darn. I did too. This team's gonna beat Detroit. I Why is everyone overlooking him? No one wants to talk about Min. Yeah. I I was the same way. I was. I saw that video of them carrying him, picking him up in the locker room after I was like, I'm all in. I, he won me over and then he just turned into a pumpkin. It was unbelievable. Unbelievable. So your mock draft has come in February 10th, your first one?


I think so that's what we're looking at. Yep. Not that far away. No. Is there, we could spoil one thing in the mock draft. Is there a surprise guy for you that you're higher on than everybody else? That you feel like you're gonna be right and people just don't see it yet? Do you have one of those guys yet? I don't wanna bore you with a, with an offensive tackle, but No, let's hear it. Josh Conner Lee from Oregon. Everyone's talked about this. Will Campbell guy who's a guard tackle from LSU and Kelvin Banks, who's, who's a really talented player from, from Texas. I think Josh Connerly might wind up being the best left tackle. And, and for some reason You act like I haven't studied these guys copiously, hoping the pats are gonna take a left tackle.


Josh Connerly that high. I think he's up there. I think he, wow. He, he, he is as he is unbelievably athletic, the way he moves. He's gotten better with his hands. I think he's got a chance to be a star from this class. And nobody, I haven't heard or talked to anyone who's, who's quite as high on him as, as I am. So keep an eye on Connerley. Were you high on Cole Strange a couple years ago, or No, Not as high as The Patriots Were. Yeah. Yeah. Okay, good. Yeah. Yeah. We, we traded out of the MCD pick and then took him one pick in front of Carl Loftus was, I know the rare double whammy Belichick down the stretch. So you, so your dream scenario for the Pats would be somehow move out that four pick, get into the nine to 11 range and take Connery.


Yeah. Or You think he goes that high Or? I was, I think more like, I think he winds up going mid first, but, but if, if people Okay, if people See what I see then, then maybe he goes, he goes somewhere around 10. And the receiver classes a disaster this year compared to last year, which was like a pretty historic run of dudes. We've Had, we had a historic almost decade of run run of, of wide receivers. Like every year. Yeah. Four or five first round almost shore fire. Like a lot of them, you know, like all those Alabama guys, like, you know, when you look at 'em and then the Ohio State guys and the LSU guys like all from like five programs.


Yeah. Of the vast majority. It's not that like ROA McMillan from Arizona is really talented, but, but I, I, I don't, you know, I I wouldn't put him up. He is not like Jamar Chase, you know? Yeah. And I see him mocked it like four or five And I just, I have a hard time going that high on Luther Burden's a burner, but drops a lot of passes inconsistent. The best wide receiver in the class is Travis Hunter. And after that I think there's a lot of guys you like late in the first and second round. But I don't see the value where you're gonna have to pick for him. I, I just don't see, Last year was nuts. Like even think like Bowers, who is probably gonna be the best tight end of his generation if he doesn't get concussed 17 times.


'cause he tries to take on nine attackers every time he catches the ball. But that guy, that guy's gonna be the next guy it feels like. Yeah. He is the next guy. Yeah. And how about lad McConkey? Yeah. Right. I mean, Pat's, Pat's straight outta that pick Pats, pats took the 10th, 10th wide receiver and a non-receiver draft. It was good. Although don't you feel like, like I watched what Washington did where they basically, they got this coaching staff and they overpaid for their assistance, right? Yeah. They got overqualified dudes at different and they coach guys up, whereas the Pats went the other way and had a terrible coaching staff. But don't, aren't some of these guys Sal like, is poker really?


Like, he's just not gonna ever be an NFL player. He's not salvageable at all. Can you lose your confidence that degree? Because he was, he was good last year. Like nobody thought he was gonna be a bust. I just don't, I don't understand the concept of can a coach and a coaching staff like bring resuscitate a guy back to life? Is that even possible? Yeah, it's possible. It's possible. But there, but damage gets done as a rookie. Yeah, it really does. And it, it's hard to overcome that. Sometimes it takes a change of scenery and sometimes that, that's not even enough. I just look like what Adam Peters did at Washington from the hire of Dan Quinn to the coordinators Yeah. To Jayden was the easiest decision he had to make.


How about Mike Sand Tro Right? Two interceptions drafting him as a rookie. Yeah. What pit, what round was he? He was, he wound up going second. Yeah, he was, yeah. He wound up going second. Yeah. Yeah. The Daniels one, I mean obviously that was a huge topic with the Pats fans wondering what, 'cause it seemed like there was a stretch there where it seemed like Washington might take Drake May, and then it's like, okay, I'm gonna talk myself into Daniels. And he is a little older and he is maybe not durable, but holy shit. And people in my life who love college football and like Van Lathan who loves OSU Yeah. Was like, Daniels is incredible. Like if you guys got Daniels, it'd be a miracle. So you had that.


Well The conversations I had with a lot of NFL teams was like, I, you guys in the media missing, I remember in like about this time last year, They, you gued you, You gued us. Yes. Oh no, you gued me. Yes. Like we're having real conversations and fights in our draft room. Like when we go get together, our meetings that we just had a January meeting. Like it is a, it's a war in our room, the about Jayden versus Caleb Wars. Wow. And a lot of teams I talked to, you know, at the end before they saw the product on the field this year. So it's not like, you know, revisionist history were like, yeah, we would've taken Ja Jayden. So now if it's a redraft, is Caleb third on everyone's board or is he second?


Yeah. Yeah, he's third to think. I think he has 10. I do. And probably Daniels has to be first. I mean, this Is like Daniel Daniel's first, May 2nd, then Caleb still On Daniels. Daniels has won this argument, at least for now. Now he's in this different argument of like, who would you want with the ball with five minutes left in a playoff game? Right? If it's not Mahome, is he, Daniels is second, third, or fourth, Is there a fifth quarterback in the NFL that you would take over Jayden? Like he's, And I saw that conversation the other day. Like, yeah, he's Already right. Would you have that Burrow or J or Jade Daniels? Would you, Herbert or Jade Daniels like, yeah, he's in, he's already graduated that. But there is, there is the second year thing like Stroud Stroud grind through it didn't have as much protection, all of that. So they, they've gotta avoid the second, you know, second time around teams having a full off season to study his tendencies.


If he gets through his second year and is playing at this level, then we're, we're in the clear. But, but I And You don't worry about him physically at all over the course of 15 years? Or is it like a Lamar? Of course I do. Do me a favor at some point when you have a free minute moment on your hands. This week, I, you got, I think I told UD to you about this too. You gotta go on Twitter. There's just like Lou do a Jaden Daniels Loony Tunes. Someone put together a great reel of him as like a loo of All the times he just got popped. And like, like it's one thing to get popped, but when you're like, the way his body parts are just flailing everywhere because he's so lean and long. It's just, it's it's hysterical. It's worth a left.


Yeah. Because Yeah, it concerns me. We were always worried about Lamar, but Lamar always seemed like he knew how to take a hit. And some guys just know how to do it. Jayden pops up so many times, he's so flexible and that's just who he is. But he hasn't learned that yet. Like he, he is Not, you know, who's bad at that? Initially it was Brady. Brady took some, He did Smacks his first couple years where he just got, and Drake may last year took like three or four Horribles Brady Flexible and Yeah, Brady figured It out. Brady got flexible and Yeah, that's the whole thing. It's flexibility. Like that's why I like the Brady Quinns and like the, the guys who were like Tebows. Yeah. And I just, I can't Will Levi.


Yeah. The the dudes who look awesome with their shirt off and look like they can out bench illa are the ones I really worry about. You Know, nobody can out bench Illa. Whatcha talking about? Yeah, I know You's seen him lately. He's fucking massive. Just Ask him, just ask him. Jesus, do you think Brady screwed up everything for all these old quarterbacks going forward? Where we decided this was realistic 'cause Tom Brady did it and now we're just gonna have this generation of guys in this Rogers cousin stage in their late thirties where they just suck. Absolutely. And we're like, no, no. Tom Brady did it. I I really feel like he fooled even me, I picked the Rogers to, you know, win the AFCs this year. Yeah. Now it's like, oh yeah, it's really hard to play quarterback when you're 39 and your body's breaking down.


I went to that Patriots Jets game. I brought my son. Yeah. To see him live in person now compared to what he was two years ago, you know, the, like the MVP level version of, of Aaron Rogers was, it was scary. Yeah. And to see Drake may before the concussion and how how mobile and in control he was, it was like, oh, so that's, that's next and that's done. Yeah. That's my two takeaways. Like that's next, that's done. And yet ro somebody will probably sign Rogers. I'm guessing Why, Why there'll be one more year. I feel like he's gonna be like one of those boxers that needs to get knocked out two more times before they finally hang it out.


Oh yeah. I could see him wanting to, I just don't Why would you invest that and bring in that? You Know, I, I'm not saying I would, I just feel like how many dumb teams do we have? We just watched the Jaguars do two weeks of coach interviews and then fire their gm. This is like seven, eight, just horrifically managed franchises. Yes. So, yeah, I think Rogers could play somewhere. Oh, I'm not saying he won't. I I agree with you. I'm just saying why would you with all the, with everything that comes with it too, you know, I don't know. Yeah. That's the other piece. Yeah. All right. Todd Mcache first mock draft. February 10th. You can listen to the McShay show. We are heating up toward the draft. Can't wait for all your, takes all your thoughts.


Good to see you. Thanks for coming on finally. Alright, Man. Man, I'm glad, glad to join you. I appreciate you having me in this, this, this ringer gig. I'm loving it. It's been fun. Great. We love to have you. Thanks. Thanks man.


This episode is brought to you by Pepcid Complete. We all know that one of the best parts of game day is the food on Sundays Nephew, Kyle comes over. Sometimes we'll get healthy, we'll get some salads. Sometimes we'll get a little ambitious. We'll get some sandwiches. It's always the best part of my food. Week, week. Well, food until heartburn strikes, then it's not as great. You get heartburn from time to time. Gotta watch out. You don't wanna be rolling around in bed all night. Thankfully Pepcid Complete starts to work instantly. It lasts all day. Just one great tasting chewable tablet provides dual action heartburn relief with an an acid that starts working instantly and an acid reducer that lasts all day. So you can stay focused on that second sandwich. That second, second, helping a salad not Harper. Visit pepcid.com to shop now all day based on eight hour symptom relief Studies during the day. Use product only as directed.


All right. Taping this part late Thursday afternoon. Joe House is here. He is dressed almost like a Washington Commander's NASCAR driver. There's this Washington stuff everywhere. You, you, you're getting a colonoscopy tomorrow. You've drinking the colonoscopy juice. There's been fireworks in the house. House. This is the most action packed million Dollar Picks we've ever had. Your team might make the Super Bowl. Yeah. It's In play. I mean, first of all, you see all this gear, what I have on what's behind me. You're gonna see none of that when I'm in Philadelphia this weekend. This is the last time you're gonna see any of this stuff because I am not catching any hands when I'm up there in Phil. I'm not, I'm not looking for it. Right. I'm not, I'm too old for that Smoke old. We're too old.


That Smoke where the visiting team's member merchandise. We can't do it. Definitely Not go. You just gotta go. You support the team. There we go. Root silently and hope you don't get punched. Also, if you do get in a fight in the stands though, make sure it's, it's to somebody who's below you. This is the guillo technique. Great. The guy in the higher ground always wins in the, in the football things. Anyway, don't punch house. He's a great guy. Good. Try. My best not to get punched. I mean, if beers get poured on me, that's fine. I, I, I'll, I'll go with that. But I will tell you on the subject of, of the procedure, my screening procedure, this, this, you know, health path that we're on. You, you, you can tell how unimaginable it was that, that I would have something football related in my life this weekend.


I mean, I scheduled the colonoscopy months ago, right? Because I look at the calendar like, oh sure. It's, it's it's conference championship weekend. That's fine. I mean, I'll be Yeah. You're not playing conference championship. No. This turned out to be the dance night or colonoscopy. You're, you're releasing off the Dan Snyder feces and toxins outta your body. The toxins. Yes. Yeah. It's symbolic. It's Amazing. Really? Yeah, it really is. All of it's coming out. I can tell you that much. In fact, if I, we might have to take a break. 10 minutes in here. All right. Well the, the listeners slash viewers will never know. We'll just do a nice clean edit and you can come back with a nice happy look on your face. As Clean as my colon. Hopefully We didn't do well on a million Dollar Picks last week.


We lost $585,000, but we were still up $1.282 million for the year. I'm okay with what happened last week. I would take Baltimore again and your team, we kind of had to see it. I wish I took fast in, I didn't have the balls. I just didn't, I didn't have the balls to take a rookie qb against a team that felt like they were gonna run all over you. Which they basically did, but it didn't matter. 'cause they turned the ball over five times. Yeah, yeah. How turnovers are the story of this last round. There's so many. There might even be turnover in your pants. There's so many stories this week about turnover battle, like the bills 21 straight games where they haven't lost a turnover battle like hasn't happened since 1960.


That there's all these good metrics for if you, if if you look like this Bills team just with turnovers, you end up winning the Super Bowl. Chiefs haven't turned the ball over in two months this round. The the last four teams, none of them have a turnover. And I, I just wish, I wish I wasn't saying it this way, but it's almost as reductive as, at least with the Chiefs bills game, whoever doesn't turn the ball over is probably gonna win. I, I think I feel stupid saying it, but I think it's true. No, well, the two aspects of it for sure that all four of these teams have an advantage is, is taking sacks, these quarterbacks not taking sacks. And these teams, you know, being on the correct side of the turnover margin, both Washington and Philadelphia arrive for their matchup plus six, the exact same number Yeah.


Through these playoffs. And nobody would've forecasted this for, for Washington. I don't, I don't think, I mean that's what's truly remarkable. And, and for sure, I think the handicap that we now, by the time on Sunday on The Ringer pregame show in advance of the division games, the U YouTube TB fan. Yes, indeed. I thought that nine and a half points I finally was at had the balls to say it. The, the Detroit favor by nine and a half was goddamn disrespectful. Outrageous. You didn't have the balls to say it when we did million Dollar Picks. Oh, were Big. Oh, I couldn't remember. No, You I did not. No, you you were like, you you were Well we teased It. Were, didn't we tease it? Hey, you're being cute. You're being cute about it. I think you deep down knew your team had a real chance.


This Is that guy right there. I I'm A little annoyed. I know. A little annoyed five there. He's, well, let's go backwards that guy, because you haven't been on the pod since Washington wins this game. Top five sports moment of your life. Absolutely. Yes. Yes. Unquestionably, I would say unquestionably because of how far we've come, how unexpected it was. I mean, I, I feel now like it's a, a a, a bad analogy coming on here every single week and saying to you that if we wrote this script out, if you wrote real life as it's occurring and said this is a script about a football team, every production house would turn it down.


Say, this is, this is trash. And that like A sports movie. They dumped their terrible owner who hated the fans, who almost like ruined football in an entire city that loved football. And then the new Kai comes in, new coach, new gm, new qb, and they just go on a winning streak. Well, not just new qb, possibly the greatest rookie in the history of the football game. I mean, you know, I know there's a few of those stories this week. I I mean the, the, the numbers back up. We Were there for Marino. Marino was pretty great. Now granted he's pretty great. We, you know, we only got to see him a couple times. But yeah, the Dan era, adding the playoff wins to it. Pretty nuts. There's a lot to cover with this game.


The Washington piece, I can't shake. There's some 2001 Pats parallels. Oh, interesting. And watching your excitement with this, the Pats, they were like five and five after 10 games and then they didn't lose again. And at some point weird shit started happening leading to the snow game. Yeah. Which was like, that was when they finally pulled us in and, and none of the Pats fans wanted to believe. And it said no, no believe we had like weird Brady Bledso stuff, but you know, Bledsoe got hurt. It was an up and down season. We had that with the defense and the coaching. You have it with your offense, but yes, you guys are 14 and five. You guys won eight straight games. It's not like what? They're like, oh my God, what's Washington doing here?


Like, at some point Washington's just good. And I, I'm really leaning toward taking them in the game. Not just with the points but outright. I really think they can win. And we'll get into the Philly stuff in a second, but let's just get that out of the way. I don't think this is fluky. I think that Daniels has been that good. The coaching has been that good. The guys over and over again, you've had like these semi miraculous wins, these comeback wins, these fourth quarter wins. And there's a mojo that develops that I think devise a magician I picked against Washington the last two rounds. Understandable. And I, I'm tired of doing it. Like at some point you gotta accept what's going on and something is going on.


It does feel like something is going on. I mean, I, I can't view it from my unbiased in an unbiased kind of, of way. And for sure the sum of all of these guys together believing is greater than the parts. Because you can't sit down and do X's and O's you can't do advanced metrics. You can't use any of those things to truly capture the spirit of this team and the way these guys believe. And they just believe and that belief in, in each other. I mean, it's an incredible combination of, of veterans and, and rookies and the veterans, right. Some guys that have been there before, Bobby Wagner's been there before.


So for a defense that by all metrics it's the worst unit on the football field comes Sunday. But somehow or another we keep getting Ws, they just keep getting Ws. Bill Simmons. Yeah, You have, it's like the 30th defense DVOA against the run. Your defense is basically what the oh one pat's offense was every week. We're like, how are we gonna score points? Like we have Jermaine Wiggins as a tight end. We, our only good offensive player is Troy brand. We have a rookie QB who they're terrified to have him really do anything. And it was, and each week we would just patch together points. And the same thing's happening with your defense where it's like, how is this defense gonna stop anybody?


And you're just getting turnovers. But the thing is, it was like Detroit. Yeah. They had five turnovers. There were some bad plays. Watch them also made some good plays. Like yeah, that guy, that guy jumping the post route on the TD in the end zone, that was a good fucking play. Outstanding. Yes. Yeah. But the, the, the rookie, Mike Sanders still had two interceptions. And I feel very proud of myself in one of my threads with, with actually a guy with the, with the team. I said, you know, this is part of the, the, the revelation. This guy Sanders still the kid from Michigan. Yeah. He's been un unbelievable. But you know, it's a, he is for for sure benefiting from the overall gravitas of, of, of this defense.


Dan Quinn can coach up a defense. Yeah. He's got the spine. You have Jeremy Chin playing safety, you've got Frankie Lvu and Bobby Wagner where they are. And it it does, they just, they just really do believe and look, they held Tampa to 20 points. Right. And we watched that Tampa defense, I mean offense go out and just post points on everybody. Now it did feel like if Detroit had stuck with the run that they might have been able to run for 250 yards in the second half. And they might've won that football game, but they chose not to. And that kid who had at least some role in it is now going to be the head coach of the Chicago Bears. So good luck to them. Yeah. He got to stay in your conference.


Their conference. Well you're, you're the Washington Conference. The Bears Ben Johnson get to get to play them the Washington piece of this big picture. If they could actually win this game, where do the Eagles rank on most hated Washington opponents. They're not number one, but they're in the top three. Right? Well, Because we hate everybody in the NFC East. You Hate Dallas The most though. Yes. Hate Dallas the most. For sure. It's mutual hatred amongst all of the franchises in the NFC East. And each team has their own, which one they hate the most. I think the Giants hate the Eagles the most. Yeah. I think the Eagles hate Dallas the most.


Yeah. I don't know, but for sure Washington hates Dallas the most. Philadelphia let's, you know, be real about it wasn't really on the radar for a long time. Well you've only played Them once in the playoffs. It's, it's like the weirdest rivalry that's not actually a rivalry. It felt like the last couple years it was more fun. 'cause you guys would've some good games. You beat them last year. You Know what doesn't make, I mean, I'm not that surprised that, that Washington and Philadelphia have only faced each other in the playoffs once because that means both teams have to make it in and, and you know, in their previous iteration. Yeah. Well when you think they've been playing football for 80 years one time seems Yeah, Sure. Low. Sure, sure, sure. And Daniels is the most popular Washington athlete since I've known you.


It's either him or New Bull. It's either him or George be son. I mean, you know, you, you, your all time greats are John Riggins and Yeah. You know, the hos there's, there are several generations of, of Washington fans that didn't have wa football in their lives. So Alex Ovechkin ranks pretty high up Yeah. In terms of Washington icons. Yeah. But Dan Daniels is in the conversation. Let there be no doubt finishing some old, old heads like me, like Wes Onel and Elvin Hayes. But you know, that's old head shit Finishing last Andre Blech. All right. So to get to the point where I wanna have the balls to take Washington, no, Dean, that's good.


Yes. Here's the big thing. Do your thing about how you think hurts is hurt. Yeah. Because this is, this is the number one reason to take Washington. Is there is something wrong with Jalen hurts the stats, back it up the eye test, back it up, and his knee got bent backwards during the game and they've been tight lipped about it. I don't think they tell us if he was hurt, but do your thing. Yeah. And, and we, we watched it, it was a, a bad stretch and, and it was, you know, bad enough that we wondered, I wondered in the moment whether that was a a, a tear, whether that was a ligament tear. Right. It turned out it clearly was not a ligament tear because that would've been announced on, on Monday. But the, the discussion all week has been we presume that Jalen hurts is going to play.


We expect Jalen hurts to, to play. I mean, we watched the way that that knee bent and they definitely shot him up with something because his behavior in the interview after that game when he was with Saquon, that was a version of Jalen Hertz. That is not your, your sort of standard issue postgame, you know? Right. He's, he's, he, he, he had a kind of aura, let's just put it at, at, at that. But look, if Washington only has to stop Saquon Barkley preposterous kind of task that's in front of them, if Jalen her isn't gonna throw the football down the field, it takes 'em too long.


We've been watching this now And I know you have the stats to back it up where for throws that are 10 yards or longer down the football field, it's just taking too long for him to get the ball outta their hand and out of his hand. And they're not throwing the ball. Anyway. I think he had, And he's taken sacks, which he didn't take before. Like I, there was a, that's Twitter thread of all the worst plays he had in that last game. Yeah. And it was just video after video. And it was like, Jesus, he looks like freaking Dorian Thompson Robinson. Like what's this dude doing? You know, I really thought long and hard about the matchup. 'cause my instinct was take Washington And I didn't have a good week last week And I wanted to, I kept coming back to the total yardage, which I sent to you.


There was most rushing yards ever in the NFC championship game. The A FFC championship game. The case for the Eagles, which I'm not against, is that they're gonna run the ball down Washington's throat, they're gonna control the game and they're just gonna have the ball time. You're only gonna get like six possessions. One bad thing, you won't get a fourth and two, maybe there's a tip pass turnover. And all of a sudden the Eagles are up 10 and they went, the thing that's interesting to me is how few times in the title game a team has just run the ball down somebody else's throat. And I, I sent this to you just in the last 40 plus years, only one team in, in the NFC title game has gotten to 200 plus yards rushing.


That was the Niners against the Packers in 2020. Other than that, we're talking 81 Eagles, 71 Cowboys, 80 Rams, 73 Vikings, 97 Packers. And then you get into that 1 69 to 1 96 range. And there's some more modern teams there. The Lions last year, the Seahawks in January, 2015, the Bears in. But my point is, it's unusual, like really, really historically unusual to rush for 200 plus in this second to last game of the season. So, so my question to you is, how many yards are the Eagles gonna have in this game when you factor in Hertz is throwing for 130 to 150 yards a game that puts them in like the low three hundreds, which you get every week.


And the crucial thing for what you just shared in terms of Philly's approach is if Jalen Hertz can't run, go ahead and set Sequan Barkley's over under at 199 and a half yards. Right. If Washington can hold him under 200, I like Washington's chances Two. But 200 would be the, the, that would be one of the two best performances of the last 45 years. How about like, I I don't think it set it at one 50. I don't, well, I don't, it's saquon he's been unbelievable. I mean he just, he he rip rips off 70 yard runs. But to me the larger point is if Jalen, if that dimension of Jalen Hurts is not on the table, and we'll know within the first, you know, series, we'll see how he moves.


Yeah. If, if he is not a threat to run the football down down the field, then that changes things immensely. And you know, I Washington defense right. Like that, that Long touchdown run ad in the first quarter last Week. Right. Right. Take that away. If that threat isn't there, then it, it changes things. It tilts things For the Washington defense In the a FC title game, nobody ever, no team has ever rushed for 200 plus yards. The last team in the last, like the 99 Broncos rushed for 1 78. It makes sense. The 2015 Pats ran for 1 77. So it's just, it's important to remember like, oh, Saquon's gonna run all over them.


Well, when we get to the final four, that's usually not happening in the way you think it's gonna happen. And then if Hertz is gonna look throwing the ball like he has the last few weeks and really like the whole season. I haven't really liked watching him all season. And you know, the, it seems like you look at the stats and the advanced stats for him the last three years, it's not that far off. But then like Dund wrote a great piece for The Ringer today about the Eagles passing game and it's like they basically just kind of punted on it. Yeah. And we, and Maybe try to take two shots a game, but other, a couple Dallas Godard plays, but for the most part they're just trying to run the ball and control the clock. The question for me though, if you can hang around what we saw from the Eagles in that fourth quarter against the Rams, where all the, it just felt like the front forward died.


They started to get tired and the Rams were just moving the ball down the field on them. There were, supers were getting open. That's what Daniel, that's, that's what he does. Well and and here's the thing, Washington from the minute that they get the ball in the first quarter is going to be playing no huddle uptempo offense. Right. And that was And four down offense too. Absolutely. Any fourth and two, fourth three, they're going for going For every single one of those, every series that Washington possesses the ball will be a four down series in the sense that they're gonna try if they're close at, at all, and they're not on the wrong side of like, you know, the, the their own 30 yard line that they'll go for it. Yeah. And I, I'm, and, and you know, at some point the cumulative effect of that on a defense, this is why like the Jalen Carter piece is significant and Washington lost his best, his Offensive Lineman.


Right, right. Yeah. We lost, we just watched it. But wa we lost Sam Cosby. Now, you know, Washington in its own shrewd way is being coy about, you know, how they're going to play this. And there is a thought that Andrew Wiley might slide from the left side over to the right side. And he has played some right guard for Kansas City, but it was several years ago. And you know, they, they have talent on this offensive line, but really it's, it's a, a kingsbury scheme thing that's been most impressive. So it's a huge loss to, to lose Cosby. But the Jalen Carter piece. Yeah, man, he got tired. He would, yeah. He made the play of the game, I Would say on a really bad play call. McVeigh said that there was a miscommunication and that that that led to, you know, right.


The play Of the game. I was watch for that with the, from a live bet standpoint, these teams that have these awesome pass rushes the first two hours of the game in that fourth quarter. It gets a little different once the guys have been out there for three hours. Well, I mean, you know, when another time we saw it the last time Washington played Philadelphia, when Washington came back from down two scores. Right. Scored 36 points. Yeah. The most points anybody scored on this Philadelphia defense all season. So McShay And I had talked earlier about how there's like been three Washington seasons basically. You had that first stretch in the beginning and it was like, oh my God, what's going on? Daniel's got hurt, you had some injuries, Eck Echo got hurt. Like it just, you didn't, and then all of a sudden you had your full team again and it came on.


But you go back to that, you lost a Philly in week 11. And from that point on Dallas, week 12, you put up 412 yards Tennessee, 4 63 Saints, 3 26 Eagles in week 16, 360 8 Atlanta, week 17, 4 12, week 18 against Dallas Throw. 'cause that wasn't Mariota, it was a Mariota beat. Tampa Wild Card three 50. And then last week, Detroit 4 81. So if you're taking a team on the road, I wanna, I wanna make sure they can move the ball. And everyone's like this Eagle's defense. It's really good. It's the best defense in the league. But I think Washington can move the ball on 'em.


'cause we've seen them do it. And then the, the question is, how special is Daniels? And that becomes the narrative out of this. Can, can he get there? There's a couple playoff manifesto rules in play, rule number three. But aware of the Nobody Believes in Us team, but don't try to talk yourself into one either. I'm not sure they qualify anymore. 'cause it seems like this week there's some good discourse about people believing in them last week. Definitely nobody believed in them. The the funny thing is that I feel like, you know, from the sort of national NFL media perspective, there's a lot of believers in Washington, but the market does not believe in Washington. 'cause this line opened at four and a half and it got slammed all the way up to its present. Six and a half spot.


Yeah. And I think the general consensus is the Eagles are gonna run all over them. Their defense will shut them down. And this was a nice, congratulations Washington for making the NFC title game, but it's time to go home. Rule number six, never pick an underdog unless you genuinely believe that it has a chance to win. I believe, I, I think it's, I honestly believe think either, I think either team could win. So yeah, with the plus six And I, I Win. I dunno, they win. I think they're gonna win. Rule number 14 was, beware of any team that reminds you of the 2007 Giants. I'm gonna add the 2001 Pats to this list. Okay, go ahead. Because I think there's something that happens with teams that get thrown together over the course of a season when they can get hot like this and some funky stuff happen.


But when you think about, you go backwards, you think about the five, the four and a half months with Washington and the Hail Mary and some of these games you pulled outta your ass at some point, you, you develop like these winning scars almost. I Agree with this. So if they're, you know, I do, they're, if they're hanging around in the fourth quarter and they're down three, I'm just, I'm gonna be mad if I bet on Philly. Yeah, go ahead. Do you have any more manifesto things? Yeah. Rule number 16, take one last look at the quarterbacks. Mm. And remember, there's plenty of time to bet against any QB or coach. So this would really apply to Hertz because if it's like wait till next round of bet against Hertz, that would go. But I mean, Dan, not only is Daniel's the best quarterback in this game, he has been outta control.


I mean, he is 70% of his passes. Even if you look at like his last seven or eight, he is like 20 touchdowns, six picks. He'll have the one Uhoh throw a game, Sure. But he completes 70% of his passes and every fourth down and two and every fourth down and three, you just feel like he's gonna get it. And, and incredibly, he just doesn't take sacks. He just doesn't take, they Washington just doesn't get that setback thrown, thrown at him. Now, I do want to, if, if I have a, if I can have a moment, throw Some water on some stuff, Pour, pour some settle down juice on the whole situation, right? Because let's hear it. We're talking about an absolutely unprecedented outcome.


First of all, this is Washington's fourth road game Coming up here. It's Not, it's not unprecedented. The Pats, well, I guess the Pats played their first game at home in oh one, but the Pats were 14 point underdogs against the, or 13 point underdogs against the Steelers and then 14 against the Rams. Yeah, I, so the starting point is fourth road game. Fourth Game in a row. In a row. Its own unique challenge. But here's the stuff, it's the rookie quarterbacks in conference championship games. Number one, We talked about this last week. Yeah, I won five Straight up only won in four against the spread. Also, teams like Washington that were underdogs in the first two rounds and covered both of those rounds. One in five, straight up two and four against the spread when it comes time for the conference championship.


And this one also underdogs in divisional re rematches. So Washington is the underdog. It's a divisional rematch. Oh, and four straight up, one and three against the spread. I mean, that's your settle down juice, right? It just, there's no precedent for a team in Washington's position to actually win this game. I think you can win. There's two scenarios. There's the scenario we laid out earlier where the eagles just run the ball down your throat. You don't get a fourth and two, there's one turnover. You're down 13. You kind of know by the third quarter, eh, great run guys. It could great run guys. Then there's the other scenario where the Eagles can't throw the ball at all was is just loading up on Saquon.


The fans are frustrated. You get one turnover, one strip sack, something. Maybe you get a special team something and you're just hanging around, hanging around. And it can get to the fourth quarter where it's either tied, you're up three, you're down three, but you're in the mix of exactly where the Eagles fans don't wanna be with this Eagles team. And that's, that's it. It's one of those two scenarios. And I gotta say I am leaning toward Washington plus six and a half. Let's, we'll take a break and then we'll talk KC Buffalo.


This episode is brought to by MIT Mobile One goal, I bet a lot of you have going into the New Year's to save money. Well, I got low truck Switch to Mint Mobile and start saving on your phone bill. They have premium wireless plans starting at just $15 a month when you buy a three month plan. This deal is almost as good as the time that the Celtics got, The Tatum and Brown and all those other picks for KG and Pierce. Yeah, remember that one? We won a title in 2024 because that deal did Share Overpriced providers try Mint Mobile and get three months of service for $15 a month. All plans come with high speed data and unlimited talk and text on one of the nation's largest 5G networks. To get this new customer offer on your new three month unlimited wireless plan for just 15 bucks a month, go to Mint Mobile dot com slash bill. That's me. That's Mint Mobile dot com slash bill. Cut your wireless bill to 15 bucks a month at Mint Mobile dot com slash bill $45. Upfront payment required equivalent to $15 a month. New customers on first three month plan only speed slower, above 40 GB on unlimited plan. Additional taxes, fees and restrictions apply. See Mint Mobile for details.


This episode is brought to you by Rocket Money. You sign up for something, forget about after the trial period ends, then you're charged month after month after month. The subscriptions are there, but you're not using them. In fact, I just learned that 85% of people have at least one paid subscription going unused each month. Thanks to Rocket Money. You can see all your subscriptions in one place, cancel the ones you're not using anymore. Now you're saving money. Rocket Money is a personal finance app that helps find and cancel your unwanted subscriptions. You have so many of these monitors your spending and helps lower your bills so you can grow your savings. See all of your subscriptions in one place. Know exactly where your money is going for ones you don't want anymore. Rocket Money can help you cancel them. Rocket Money. Over 5 million users, they've saved a total of 500 million and canceled subscriptions, saving members up to $740 a year. And using all the app's premium features, cancel your unwanted subscriptions, reach your financial goals faster with Rocket Money. Go to Rocket Money dot com slash bill today. That's Rocket Money dot com slash bill.


All right, coming back House, house, the colonoscopy Juice has not really kicked in. So that's a good sign for Washington. I think I was thinking about the last 20 minutes we just did is gonna be hilarious. If you lose like 45 to 10, it could happen. Remember the hope it could happen in their eyes. It Would still be fine. I, I'm, I I'm beyond, you know, any reasonable hope or expectation for this, this team, the franchise, what they've done those moments of, of joy. I mean, I I hate that Washington did what it did to, to Detroit of all franchises. You know, I bear no ill will towards, towards Detroit. Yeah, but they did shut that stadium up.


I mean, it was silent in, in, in there. And nothing would be beau more, more beautiful than doing that to the fit to the Philly crowd. But look, Philly might come out and come out and just, you know, put, put us on on our backs and, and r run the roads led right over us. It, it is possible they have the best offensive line. It's an incredible offensive line that Philly possesses. What was the demeanor of Washington after the game? Was it like they won the Super Bowl or was like two more? I i something in between those two. Okay. Because they're continued be, I Just wanna make sure it was like we did it. Oh my God. And then you, There's a lot of enthusiasm. You know, there are those guys are are they believe in each other.


So they're coming out of, of both the Tampa game and that Detroit game. Like, there, there, there's a swagger, but there's also for sure some, some exuberance that there'd be no doubt If you could take your colonoscopy, juice, colon colonoscopies, juice stained underwear and mail them to Dan Snyder without getting arrested, would you do it? Oh, I, I mean, first of all, they're, right now they're, they're small stains. I sent you the picture. I would, I would, I would, I mean, what I would send Dad Snyder wouldn't, wouldn't, wouldn't be those. They're not nearly foul enough. He, he, he deserve so Much worse. Cole ask me Juice House. We've had drunk house, bus house, sober house, and now we have Cole ask me Juice House Chief's bills.


I just don't have a lot of, it's stupid to even talk advanced numbers of this game. I don't really know what to say other than the Chiefs just win these games all the time. They've lost three times in the playoffs with Mahomes. We went through the losses last week. The only one where they really got their ass kicked was the Super Bowl. They should have beaten the Patriots and we lucked out. Even the Patriots fans would admit that. And the Bengals game where Mahomes clearly got concussed near the end of the first half. That was what it was. Otherwise, they just win these games. The line is disrespectful. Everyone's disrespectful. The bills are disrespectful from last week. They're, they're trying to get that.


Nobody believes in us. It's like, well the Ravens we're the best team in the league. Like, there's a reason they were, they ended up being favored. It's gonna come down. The bills Really are a nobody believes in this team. Do you agree with that? At least nobody believes in the bills. I feel Like a lot of people are taking 'em this week. Okay. I mean, that line hasn't moved, opened at one and a half stuck right there at one and A half. But that me, that to me says the bills are, aren't aren't, and nobody believes in this team, they're playing on the road against a team that's been to four of the last five a c title games. So they're only plus one and a half. Fair, fair enough. I will say this. Let's see what happens when the public wakes up Sunday morning or you know, Saturday night going in into Sunday, because right now this is, it's just a professional market, right?


Buffalo is secondary looking a little banged up. Not only looked, they are banged up both Christian Benford. I, I don't know if he, if he practiced, I mean he know he got Johnson he had a concussion on the last play of, of the game against the ra and Te Taylor Rapp was re questionable with the hip injury. Yeah, I mean there, there's serious issues in their secondary. So there's, there's a working case for a Buffalo pick and there's a working case for a chief's pick, the chief's case. Partly what we laid out about the, this is just the infrastructure of what they do. This is the best mini dynasty we've had since the Pats combined with the fact that there's really two kcs now trying to play this 20 game season where every year they're playing 19 or 20 games and they're one way in the regular season and they're barely scraping by.


And then around late December they start, and then in January they become a different team. So I am, that's why it's almost like you can't look at the numbers, but they're home. It's a game. They should win. They hate the bills. So there's all of that. And I I, I really like their team. I think this is the best they've looked the last couple weeks. The case for the bills is just Josh Allen grabs the torch from Holmes and, and that's it because that's the only way they're winning. He could do it. He's gotta fucking grab the torch. He Could do it. Takes him, I mean, walks off Allah, Peyton Manning in 2006, One of the things that the Texans showed us last week is that, you know, there was a bunch of, of supportive numbers for the idea that Kansas City's run defense was a dominant run defense.


And then Joe Mixon got the ball. Hmm. And the Texans with their, the, the most, the, the weakest unit of that Texans team is their offensive line. And somehow they established the run and Nixon was really effective and the Texans out yardage the the the Chiefs. Yeah. You know, by, by by quite a bit. Like, you know, if the Texans, that was A weird one though, because they had the long kick return. So they had like, and then a three and out. Yeah, but they still scored three points. I I don't know. Okay. I I'm talking only about the ability to No, I know they more yardage Established the run, but I'm saying it's a little goofy. They established the run and they did. And Buffalo's offensive line is good. And if James Cook gets cooking, and you know, Josh Allen, one of my favorite props of, of this week, especially with the quiet Rush yards game that, that, that Josh Allen had.


Now he did get to 10 attempts over eight and a half attempts last week. That was a giant cash for everybody. I hope everybody listened to The Ringer pre-game show. But he, he was way under his yardage number. I do not expect him to be under his yardage number this week. This is a by any means necessary. Pull it all out, pull out every stop, pull it right out of your, your, your, your butt hole, you know, nice, nice and clean. Josh Allen. I think he's gonna rush. I think 50 is a great number. So I guess my question is, I really feel like Buffalo should have lost to Baltimore last week. And I know that pisses the Baltimore fans off. I used to piss me off as a Pats fan when we would beat somebody in the playoffs. Then people are like, you shouldn't have won. You looked out, blah, blah, blah.


And it's like, yeah, well we didn't fucking turn the ball over. And they did. And we forced turnover, so fuck you. So I get it. It's A fair answer. I just think Buffalo, this whole season has looked a little better than they actually are. And the Chiefs have looked a little worse than they actually are until recently. And one team I think has a little higher ceiling than the other team. Unless Josh Allen just says, watch this. He could, He could. That's why the line's one and a half. That's why it's, you get one and a half for being at home. It's a perfect matchup. I just like the Chiefs infrastructure. Like there's that moment in the Houston game last week when all of a sudden Spags dialed up all those funky blitzes. Right. He is like waiting, waiting, winning.


He is like, bam. And he just went after Stroud. Yeah. And fucked up a whole Texans Drive. There's some institutional knowledge of how to win these playoff games that I just don't wanna bet against. And if Buffalo beats them, so be it. I totally agree. I mean that, that has to be the, the approach, right? Like why would we put ourselves through the, the mental gymnastics to get to a spot where we say like, definitively, affirmatively, yes, the bills are gonna win this game and the points and all, you know, we'll grab the points and the the bills is a case to make. You have to work so hard. It's a simple case. It's the case you just made. Josh Allen does the thing, does the superlative superior thing.


And that would be awesome. And I'll be fine with losing my money if he does it. I'm not kidding. But I'm notting against me too. I'm not betting against the Chiefs just not gonna do not at this number, not at this number That, that they've won and covered every single time in the playoffs where it's been under three in this neighborhood. Yeah. Sign me up. We talk about this. Oh well we did it last year. We bet. Against the chiefs against the Ravens in the a FC title game. And it was a never again, Never again lesson learned. It was, it was for me at least as long as Mahomes is in his p in his prime and as long as the Reed coaching infrastructure and they have a good enough team and they have Kelsey or somebody like him, I just don't want, I don't, I didn't like the feeling of being like, why the fuck did I bet against the Chiefs?


So they're gonna have to lose before I stop doing it. This is, it's a little bit of a staying at the blackjack table too long. But I also, I don't think that in his late twenties, like no. Yeah, That's, I, yeah. And respectfully it wasn't, we you didn't have me on million Dollar Picks for that Ravens Chief's game, But you also had the Ravens. Oh No, I did not. I definitely did not. You the Chiefs. Did You zag it? Yes, it was four and a half or five points. It was preposterous. Yeah, that line was crazy. Talk Playoff manifesto. Really nothing. Unless we wanna create a manifesto rule for the Chiefs. They, they might deserve their own. Rule 16. Rule Number 17 is don't try to be hero, just try to win money.


And that really applies to the Josh Allen thing. It's like the Josh Owens And I, it's like, don't try to be hero. What's gonna, are you really ready when it's third quarter and it's 19 to 17 chiefs and they have the ball and they're driving? Or you, me kicking yourself. There was a rule I proposed last year that I didn't really adopt, but maybe I should. New rule. What does the NFL really, really really want to happen? Mm, this is very funny in view of what we watch out of the referees in that Houston game. Wow. And it's been a big topic. Has it? They really love the Chiefs on the other hand with, with like a Buffalo, Washington Super Bowl or a Buffalo.


Like, I just feel like the one Super Bowl matchup that everybody's gonna be like, ah, what the fuck is Casey Philly? Right. That'll be the one we're like, ah, we already did this. Come On. It was still pretty good though. We did it. I know. We Already, we did already, Already do it. It's still pretty good. It was a good Super Bowl. Every other matchup super fun though. Washington Buffalo, incredible Super Bowl, Washington, Kansas City, Buffalo, Philly. Every version of that is fun. The wa the KC Phillys, both of them have won Super Bowls within the last 10 years. They've already played each other. I just can't get that excited about it. I still don't like watching Philly's offense as mu as fun as barley is. It's really like a slog watching the 39 seconds of Play. You don who agrees with you? Aj Brown, brown, everybody.


Yeah. What's going on here? He's also not healthy, by the way. That's another guy. He might come out and look, you know, like, you know, with this a a, a spring in a step, but we haven't seen it. And those drops last week were big time. I had a couple prop bets for you before we get to the picks. Yeah, I'm, I have some for you. Let's hear them. What do you have? I'll hear yours first if you want. No, no, no, go ahead. Daniel's no interceptions minus 1 0 4 mm. I I don't Love it. I wish the ads were better. I I don't love it. Only because of what you sort of observed was possible earlier, which is, It's like the tip pass of the line of scrimmage.


That defensive line four filled up. He gets hit as he's throwing it. All right, cross that off. Yeah. Mahomes over four and a half carries minus 1 28, which is, it just feels like this line should be six and a half 'cause you know he is gonna scramble four times. There's the knee down possibility. It's the same number as last week. Yeah. And we really didn't sweat that at, at at all. I don't like this at this stage of, of the playoffs. Those two guys are running the football, Patrick Mahomes and Josh Allen running the football. So that juice on that, that's minus 1 28 fan. Fine, fine, Fine. Josh Allen to score a touchdown is minus one 15.


I love the odds but I, it just feels like if they're around the goal line, you could even see it last week against the Ravens. They were just doing the traditional QB draw play over And over again. He, he's a batting ram, he's a bad boy. Him in the end zone makes a lot of sense to me. And then Kelsey hitting his over, which is 67 and a half and Casey to win is plus 2 0 2. And I feel like those two are Correlated. Yeah, correlated. Yes, I Agree with this. So I marked that one down. Casey in Washington to be the Super Bowls plus five 18. Here's my favorite one though.


This is a fi this is a five member same game. Parlay. Wow. Kelsey, 50 plus yards. Okay. 50 plus Yes or no. Sure. 50 Yards. That's a yes. That's a yes, that's a yes. Matt Collins one catch Scott don't, one he's gotten a catch every just one, just one catch from Matt Collins. He always gets a catch As long as he doesn't get kicked out of the game. 'cause he's a psychopath. As long as he's been kicked out, then I like the idea of one Daniel's 250 plus passing, rushing combined. That's, so that's, that's kind of appetizing because I, he's Way over that every game.


Think he, I think basically have to get hurt not to get that He's in the 50 to 75 yard rush without really, and at Least 200. Yeah. Yeah. All right. Dallas Godard, 25 plus yards. That's one of them my favorite props of the entire, I'm on Goddard every which way this game all. So You're with me for those first four, Those four are on the target. So I will let you choose who is the fifth here. I have two options. The Army Brown, 40 plus yards would make that five thing parlay plus three 80 or McClaren 70 plus yards. That's plus 4 37 if you throw that one in. Does it have to be a Washington receiver for the fifth leg of this thing?


It does. I needed one Washington. That why You don't want it to be a Washington receiver. Well, There, there, the numbers are all over the place. It would be McCluen. I would feel much, much, much, much, much more comfortable with the idea of McClarin. Especially because it could come by way of what we watched against Detroit, which is like a really smart play. Like a bubble kind of play a wheel route, you know, something that is unconventional, well, who's Catching the ball? Something that McClarin is gonna be catching. But, but really it's, it's, it's us ler and it's Zach Ertz. That's who's catching the ball for Washington. Those are your ball control guys. That's how you matriculate the ball down the field. That's how you possess the ball and have eight to 12 play drives and play and drives that take, you know, seven to nine minutes.


Which is absolutely the, the pathway for Washington to, to potentially win this game. So Eckler And Eckler, There's an alternate EOR rushing receiving where 25 plus is minus four 70 and 40 plus. He's gonna get that receiving, he's gonna get that Receiv 40 is minus 1 65. So you wanna put that in instead of receivers. Austin Eckler gets 40 plus rushing receiving yards. Yeah, I'm fine with that. I mean I don't think he's gonna get a ton of touches in terms of, of the running game, but he is such a crucial outlet for Jayden. He factors into every time Jayden's under pressure, you know, Eckler is the guy that gets the first look and no Dean is such a big deal for Philly.


Like, that would be the dude that I would worry about taking away the LER option. But I ain't, I worry about that in this game. So I love, I love the idea of Eckler. He's gonna touch the ball a lot in my estimation. All right, So we're gonna do Eckler as the fifth And I'll give you the odds when we actually do million Dollar Picks. Lemme write that one down. What were your props that you liked? Dallas Goddard. I'm not sure exactly where the number is at this at the, the moment, but I had him over 38 and and a half yards. There's an incredible case to to be made. He has at least 47 rushing yard receiving yards in the last three games.


He's got a full-time role in the offense. His So Would you go 40 plus yards for him and not 25? I'm fine, I'm fine with 40 plus. I mean, I'm sure that ramps up the, the, the odds. I I think that he's going to be a big time priority for hurt, especially if he is hurt, which is, you know, a terrible thing. But he is the, the safety valve for, for, for jail in Washington against tight ends of season 26th in DVOA. And you know, he, he's the guy that that occupies kind of a short area. So he'll, he'll get the touches. I'm, I like him over his receptions, which I think is three and a half. And I like him over his receiving yards as well. I really have enjoyed betting him over the last few years in the playoffs.


'cause when he is actually healthy, he gets the ball and he gets the ball in big spots And I always feel good about having him in a What else do you have? I love Mahomes. Longest past completion. Over 34 and a half yards. We talked a little bit about how the bills have those injuries in, in the secondary since week 14. And this is not tied to injuries. Buffalo is 29th in drop back EPA so teams are, are able to pass the ball. We watched this with our own two eyes with Lamar Jackson and that Baltimore offense. The bills have allowed the fourth most passing yards since week 14. Third most per attempt on throws of 20 yards or, or more.


And and Lamar had, he went three of five on 20 yard or more pass attempts. Both Rashad Bateman and Isaiah likely had catches over 35 yards last week. And what I especially am keying in on here is Mahomes with the compliment of receivers that we haven't really seen them. We haven't, this is an element of the chief's offense we haven't really seen and we know we intuit that the chiefs show up to a game like this with a wrinkle that we haven't really seen. I think he's dying. So What is it? 34 A half to get the ball down the field. 34 and a half. It was minus 1 0 8 on FanDuel when I typed this in. Wow. I really like that one house.


House. Good job. Thank you. Go go take a dump and come back and we'll do million dollar pick. No, I'm kidding. All right, so we have some good ones. Is there anything else? Is there any kicker stuff we wanna do? Nothing. No. Under? No. So Jake Elliott to miss a point after Yes. That mother effort. I mean that was the difference between a six point, you know, non spread and a seven point cover. Right. You gotta do Josh Allen over rushing yards. A 47 and a half. You gotta, I think you have to play that. Yeah, I I always feel like I lose on those. You don't. Do you like the unders in both of these games or is it just me? I think Kansas City and, and Buffalo have the could get frisky. They could. Yeah, for sure. Because I, I mean, you know Buffalo, I think we'll be able to run the ball.


So That's 48 and a half that over. And then the other one, Philly Washington's 47 and a half. So that, that Kansas City Buffalo number moved. It was 47 and a half earlier this week. So people are catching onto this over, I think both these games are gonna be very similar with these teams methodically going down and trying to keep the other teams offense Could be Off the field. All right, let's do it. Last but not least do you, do you like Washington plus six and a half with juice? It's minus one 20 on Fando or Washington plus five and a half even on, Oh, I much prefer six and a half to five and a half. Okay. Six is a key number as we just watched on Sunday.


We did just watch it on Sunday. Alright, it's time the million Dollar Picks conference championship weekend. Trying to rally. We lost some last week we lost $585,000 still up. This is why you build the nest egg during the season. Still up 1.282 million for this season. Joe House has been helping out a lot of the time. He's decked out in Washington all his gear. We're gonna take the Chiefs money line or minus one and a half, However you like. Could you both? I like both are fine by, Well the, the money line is minus 1 26.


Yes. And the minus one and a half is minus one 12. And I would just rather take the you you would you wanna lay the point. It's fine. And then they, they win 24, 23 and, and Okay the I'm ahead, I'm paying the juice. That's fine, fine, fine. Fine. Chiefs minus 1 26. We are not betting against the infrastructure. I did it last year. A million Dollar Picks in the FC title game And I just said never again. Never again. Never again. At least while they have this iteration of them chiefs minus 1 26 over the bills. 300 K. Yeah. Yes. Okay. Yeah. And then houses Washington, he officially said it's okay to call them the commanders.


I'm I'm saying it. They are the Washington commanders because they, they took that name from the colonoscopy Jewish toilet and they've pro propped it up. It it, this name belongs to this guy right here, number five over my left shoulder. And it's, and he is the command dot of the commanders. This is the Washington Commanders. I'm here for it. Hail to the C words. We are banking on a close game and we are grabbing Washington plus six and a half at minus one 20. This feels to both of us. And House has been very respectful of not veering too hard Pro Washington. And even there was a couple weeks where I felt like you were intentionally not taking them 'cause you were being Jinx rules Could be.


I just feel like either team can win this game. There's cases for both. I wouldn't be surprised if the Eagles won by 28. Me either. I wouldn't be surprised if the, if Washington one by 10. I'm prepared for anything that means take the points. Putting 300 K on that. We are gonna do some 20 5K props, including Mahomes longest pass. 34.5 yards. 35 yard Mahomes pass. We win Mahomes over four and a half halfs minus 1 28. Josh Allen TD minus one 15. Love it. We're doing 20 5K on Kelsey. 68 plus yards with KC to win plus 2 0 2.


Great. And then the Mac daddy one, we're putting 50 K on this one. Let's go. It's a, it's a Fiverr. Now let's put 33 K on this one actually. Great, great. Just for good luck. Yeah. Shout out to the legend Larry Bird. Kelsey. 50 plus yards. Hollins one catch Daniels 250 pass rush combined. Dow Gotter your guy, 40 plus yards equi 40 plus yards rushing receiving combined. That is plus 5 22 over five to one odds. Boom. And then just for the hell of it, I'm putting 20 5K on a KC Washington Super Bowl.


Wow. Plus five 18 just because Wow. We built this nest egg all year. Yeah, we're at the craps table. I'm just crunch it all over the place. Why not? If you have a seat for house in a pro Washington suite, which there's probably two of them in Philadelphia, hit his Twitter, he's available. I'll be there. I'm definitely available. I will be at this football game by hook or by crook. I haven't yet figured out how I'm gonna get through the turnstile. I will not be wearing any identifying Washington garb. I can tell you that much. But I am available maybe some, if you have a spot for me. I promise I won't eat all of the food in the suite. I promise. I promise. Hand up and nobody's allowed to punch House.


House is old, left hand up. Those are the million Dollar Picks for week. What week is this? 21 Week, 21. Conference, championship, house. Good luck. We're all rooting for you. Thank you buddy. All right, that's it for the podcast. Thanks to MHA and House. Thanks to Sir Rudy and Kyle and Geha. As always, don't forget you can watch videos of clips from this podcast on the Bill Simmons YouTube channel. We also had Kevin O'Connor doing fake trades with me on Wednesday. If you missed that podcast. So we put up two in 24 hours. I will see you on Sunday night right after chiefs bills live Bill Simmons podcast. Go check it out on the Bill Simmons YouTube channel.


Have a great weekend. Must be 21 plus in President Select states for Kansas and affiliation with Kansas Star Casino or 18 plus in president dc. Gambling problem, call 100 gambler or visit rg help.com. Call 1 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org/chat in Connecticut.


Or visit md gambling help.org in Maryland. Hope is here. Visit gambling helpline ma.org or call 803 2 7 50 50 for twenty four seven. Support Massachusetts. Or call 1 8 7 7 8 Hope NY or Text Hope NY in New York.


This episode is brought to you by LinkedIn in basketball, blockbuster trade can make or break your playoff run before the deadline. GMs across the league scour for the right data and insights, hope in their moves. Pay off February 6th trade deadline this year. By the way, just like in basketball, growing your small business in 2025 all comes down to how well you can build your team. That starts with better insights from LinkedIn with unique skills and interests to the connections you have in common. LinkedIn has the strongest hiring data and insights to help you identify the right professionals so you can make the best hiring decisions. LinkedIn pairs you with the high quality candidates you need to make your business grow and flourish. LinkedIn also lets you go beyond candidates who are actively applying in a given week. 171 million LinkedIn members aren't actively seeking jobs, but they're open to new opportunities Who isn't? That's a big pool of people You don't wanna miss out on. And who knows, one of them could be your next all Star player. So hire smarter in the new year. Find your next grade. Hire on LinkedIn. Post your job for free at LinkedIn dot com slash simmons. Once again, LinkedIn dot com slash Simmons to post your job for free terms and conditions apply.