
Coming up week two NFL. Pretty much in the books. Week three, Guest Alliance coming. Sal's Next,


it's The Bill Simmons Podcast presented by FanDuel Football. Finally back you can dive into all the action with FanDuel, they have the best betting app. They have the most bets, they have parlays, they have same game parlays, they have boosts. I'm gonna be doing Boost every single week during the NF NFL season and you can trail those. I love FanDuel. The app is safe, secure, and easy to use. And when you win you'll get paid instantly. Plus, look out for FanDuel Squares this NFL season. Visit FanDuel dot com slash bs to download America's number one Sportsbook. The Ringer is committed to responsible gaming. Please visit rg help.com to learn more about the resources and helplines available. And listen to the end of the episode. For additional details. Must be 21 plus President select States's Game Pro called winning hundred Gamble. Visit rg help.com.


This episode is brought to you by Buffalo Wild Wings. Go takeout and delivery from Buffalo Wild Wings is now Buffalo Wild Wings go. I like it. And for a limited time, you can get 10 free boneless wings from Buffalo Wild Wings. Go When you spend $15 and use promo code. Go boneless. My favorite. By the way, this makes it easier for you to try more of Bdubs sauces. They have a crazy amount of sauces and dry rubs as you know. If you've ever been there, there's like 26 of them. Man, how do I narrow it down to a favorite? I like Nashville Hot. I like the original Buffalo. I'm an original Buffalo guy. Orange Chicken. Underrated. They have a bunch of 'em. Go look. Order Buffalo Wild Wings. Go right now while you watch the games this football season and enjoy your 10 free boneless wings. And I'm gonna recommend the Nashville Hot 'cause I like the hot. you can get the Nashville hot sauce while you're at it. At participating locations for a limited time when you order in the Buffalo Wild Wings web or app.


We're also brought to you by The Ringer. Podcast Network. We have a new rewatch posts coming for you on Monday night. It's a movie you know very well. It has come out in the last 15 years. Those are your hints. I'm dumping the Larry David rule. You know what? He dumped the Jets. I'm dumping the Larry David rule. We're going back to just dropping the movies. We're doing bangers the rest of the year. I told you you've seen all the movies we're gonna do. So we have a good one coming on Monday. It is relatively modern, you'll be excited about it. you can watch it as well in The, Ringer movies, YouTube channel. you can watch all the clips and everything else from this podcast on the Bill Simmons YouTube channel. Where we're going live every Sunday night with Cousin Sal. We're doing Guest Alliance, we're rehashing all the stuff that happened during the week.


We're about to do that right now. But I think we have to bring in my friends who were just playing at Fenway Park tonight and I wish I had gone Pearl Jam. We made it, Sal, we're here. The bear sex game is finally over. We're live on YouTube doing the Guest Alliance Bs podcast and that game started at five 15.


What the hell was that? What? What happened? What was, why did they let that go so long? They can call that game, can't they? Meanwhile, 21 penalties. What was the game earlier today? That was like two hours and 40 minutes. It was over at, I dunno, it was like, was it Cardinal Rams? One of those games was super fast. Hey, Houston, Chicago, quickly I, is Caleb gonna survive until November with that offensive line? That was my big takeaway. It's like I fear for this guy's life. Really bad. Really, really bad for them. And like I, I feel like, you know, they won time of possession somehow. I thought their drives were like 40, 40 seconds long. Yeah, but they won time of possession.


And I don't even know if it's the offensive line because they just don't, they just don't wanna blitz pick up that blitzer from the out. Whoever it is. Yeah, just gets, they're like, oh, we have five blockers. You have six guys. I guess Caleb's gonna get hit again. Yeah, here comes another Roman for three. Another Roman Marine spear, spear. Here's another one and another like they get 'em. Can't be cleaner. Yeah, I didn't wanna start with that game, but that was one takeaway. And the other was just, is there a good a FC team? And I know people say, oh, Casey's 2.0, they're going for a threepeat. But watching that Chief Spanel game, which we're gonna get into, I did not leave that game going, man, the chiefs are humming on all cylinders. You go through the a FFC buffalo probably looked the best at anybody on Thursday night.


Right. But they're, they're already banged up on defense. Pittsburgh's winning the A FC North right now. A FC South. We just watched Houston, they made a million mistakes. They couldn't even get to 20 points. I don't know what they were play calling was doing. And you go on down the line and it's like, it it just, the a ffc feels wide open. Right. I'm with you. And even the Texans at two and oh show, like they, they should have put that game. I don't want to go back to this game now, but they yeah, they, they should have had 30 Really? I don't know if the, it's the Bears Defense, but yeah, I feel like we're like 13 weeks into the season already. Like, you know, like maybe week two is just nonsense. And this is what we get for overreacting and that's why no made no money.


The thing is like we did the YouTube show today and, and all we talked about was Overreactions and watch out for this. Watch out for that. Nope. And yet Underdogs were 10 and four heading into tonight's game. And then the Bears did, was that a cover or was that not a cover? What was that a push? No, that was at six. Or was that an official cover? Shut pull on my, I see my sheet here. Lemme go. God. Hold on my, hold on. Let's see. Wait, I just, I just thought, I just thought Biden sun on that. What was going on? Not a cover. That's not a cover. I'm sending this to Ukraine. You're right. No, not a cover. I think only one four point favorite or, or higher covered today. Okay, so the, the favorites gross. The underdogs were 11 and four today.


Eight of those went outright and they were landmines left and right. I jumped on two of them. House was trying to talk me out of Malik Willis going against him. A million dollar picks the, the, well the Jacksonville one, that was another one. We'll talk about all those. We're gonna start with oh two teams though. So I read this since 2021 we've had 21 oh and two teams with the 17 game schedule. Do you know how many of those teams made the playoffs? 21 teams 20. 21 teams. 21, 22 and 23. We had 21. Oh and two teams. I'm gonna say all of them. I'm not good at this game. No, no, no. I'm, I'll say, I'll say three.


Is it three or four? Is it three? Okay. Alright. I couldn't even tell you that. Only four of them went nine and eight or better. So granted small sample size but also not that small. 22 Cincy and 23 Houston won their divisions. The 21 Colts made the playoffs. One other team went nine and eight. Everybody else was under oh and two is a little bit more of a death sentence than I think people realize. 'cause the season's so long you just feel like there's a million twisted turns you can do whatever Cincinnati, we'll start with them. They're own two giveaway loss to the Pats. I still on the Pats score 16. And somehow control the game and beat them. And then just to choke job today, right?


Yeah. A game they should have won the borough fumble. TD Jamar Chase gets the 15 yard penalty to basically knock them out. So they're, they have to like kick field goal 'cause he can't stop yelling at the ref. Right. And then the co degra fourth and 16, they rush three. That's a great idea. Let's get Mahomes eight seconds and then pass I fear on the fourth and 16 pass the rookie. The rookie. Yeah. Rookie hit him early chiefs end up winning. It was like the moment they had the three guys, I was like, oh my god, they've never seen Mahomes play in their lives. And somehow the chiefs steal another one. The chiefs could be owing two. I know there's a couple those teams that could be owing two and well, first of all, can we just tell everyone to pump the brakes with the Oh, the refs give the chiefs the game.


They did it again. Like that was the right call. You know it was call hundred times. I'm I'm not allowed to do. Yeah, but they were bailed out. It's like, all right. It's like saying, oh the, that cop is making tons of money for the local government. It's like, yeah, but the guy was doing 65 and a 30. Like you have to, you have to call that. That's, that's stupid. So the borough fumble take advantage. maybe a little weird. I, I found it hard to believe we didn't have a good angle of the borough fumble with the 45 cameras we have. It was like ah, they really, I guess it's gotta call us in. I have no idea if that was a fumble or not. Yeah, you just see where he strips him, tries to strip him violently. You don't actually really see if the ball comes out. But so from the positives, the Bengals talk shit all week.


I was terrified of this game. I, this was one of the few possible teases I completely stayed away from. Burrow looked better. I thought they shoulda have won the game. They were right there. He had more time to throw, which I thought was good. They didn't, they still didn't have Tee Hains in this game there to not make the playoffs plus one 10. So basically even money, I'm not, they are not even close to being a cross off to me. I thought those were two stupid losses. No, you can't cross 'em off. I think because, mainly because what's the seven seat in the A FC? They're one and one, right? What?


What do you mean? At the seven seed would be one of one at this point. Yeah. Yeah, that's what I'm saying. They're only a game out of the seven seed right now and they're one of the three teams that did just what you said, they came back from oh two and made the playoffs. So there's a little bit of pedigree I guess, if you will. But yeah, I don't know. He's throwing to the tight end. I think he needs TT Higgins more. I think they threw the tight end like six tight ends like 16 times or something crazy. Barry in the Pats last year. Yeah. Yeah. So they need more. I guess we saw Lou Anna's defense for most of the game until they let up in the fourth. But it was kind of a classic Chief's game if you ask me. Well, I mean we could talk about them quick. The, it's stupid.


You just feel like they're gonna steal these games if it's late. It's very similar to the mid two thousands pats and you know, there's been basketball teams like that who are like, oh man, don't let these guys hang around. They're gonna make two plays. Right. It's probably the only team in the league where it's fourth and 16. They're like, oh my God, they're gonna get this. Yeah, it's 50 50 stupid's gonna happen at that point. But I'll say on the Chiefs, I know we, we have more than two teams to get through. But on the Chiefs like the no Hollywood Brown looks like he's out for the year. Kelsey is, it's playing out exactly how we thought. He's, I don't wanna say irrelevant, but not really that involved either. And it just seems like they have him in the garage with one of those like fancy covers over him. They're not using him that much.


But from an explosive standpoint, rice made one big play and that was really it. They don't really seem to have a backup running back. I know they have Parran as the third down guy, but you know, they're bringing in Carson Steel with two minutes left and both of these wins, they had this rookie who it's like, really this is your backup running back in a big moment. So I don't know, they, they seem a little thin, but they're the chiefs and they're gonna go 13 and four. They rely on that guy that, that he had the guy with the crazy hair a lot. The running back. Yeah. And I think the check banged up too. They had to Right. Like, so he was 19 for nine. So if he's hurt, that's another thing. And I think people were banking on Xavier worthy being like, oh, he is gonna be a threat. He's gonna be a go-to guy.


He might have like three or four touches a game and you have to hope that one of them explodes, you know? Yeah. So I don't know. And they have some other tight ends. They just extended one of them. But I think the thing you could say about the chiefs is they're the team to beat. Right? That's the best thing you can kind of say about this thing. Like, well be team to beat because nobody, well nobody's taken the spot yet, but Right. But that goes back to THEC conversations. Check us in January. Yeah. Yeah. The other team would beat, well I'm not, it's stupid to cross off an own two team. No, but I wouldn't, I'm not ready to panic about the Bengals. Last year felt worse last year. It was like, oh man, this like, I don't know. I didn't, and then it just seemed like they had year from hell potential this year.


I, I think they probably play out of this. Alright, Baltimore's our next one. That's another team that's two plays away from being 2.0. Right. Lamar did make the comment after the game about how they have to get their mojo back. The big concern for me, so Vegas beats them. Vegas is like historically bad running the ball this year. They're 17 for 27 today. Their four, their offense was 4.3 yards per play. Ugh. The game felt over for two plus hours and then all of a sudden it's like, ah, they're up 10 now. No, here we go, Vegas driving again. And then all of a sudden the game was tied and they're like, all right, Lamar just, can you just done this? Nope. Then Vegas had the ball again.


Wait, is Vegas gonna win the, and and then all of a sudden the game was over. What the hell happened? I I, I'm looking at the numbers. They should have put this game away. This is what they did last year. Remember at home they were beating teams by 30 and 40. They were putting them away. And especially a team like the Raiders who I know are a Knuckleball squad that you just, you just wanna strangle. But you know, they had 150 yards rushing, 84 from Henry. It all added up like that. They should have scored in the thirties. So I don't know why they ended up with 23 and we're relying on Tucker Kicks still. Right. And he missed a long one. That's their fourth double digit lead in the fourth quarter that they've blown since 2022. The thing that concerned me, they had a bunch of penalties too.


They had 11 penalties. The thing that concerned me though, it just seems like you can move the ball down the field on, on them when you need to. Right? Like, yeah, Bowers, who was awesome and, and Adam said 20 catches today Minchi was like 80% and it just felt like every time he needed to throw for seven, eight yards, once they realized they couldn't run the ball, they could do it. And I don't know if that gets better for the Ravens. So for them for no playoffs was plus 1 0 4. So it's pretty in the neighbor of the, the Bengals. I, I gotta say like I put them in a couple teases today. I was like, Baltimore's not going. Oh and two, they're home. They're playing Gardner Minsu like this is take care of business.


This is only the second oh and two start they've had with Harbaugh 16 years. Yeah. I have more concerns for them than the Bengals. We talked about it all week that we said they're the no way. This team's going. Oh and two team, right? Yeah. And so where, where the Bengals screwed everybody on the eliminator pick last week. This was the Ravens. Like we could, we could make it, you can have a perfect eliminator pick just like picking good teams to win every week. And they don't, they just come up short. Yeah. I dunno what's going on with this league. I don't even really know how to explain the Vegas comeback, but I will say Bowers was awesome. Really good. He just has it like he's, he's one of those, he's like a video game tight end.


They throw over the middle. He's just like, it's almost like he's looking for dudes to run into so he can bounce off this guy, this guy, this guy. Tap tap B Hill spin. Yeah. I think he actually scored, they didn't give him the touchdown, but I actually think he scored on that one. Yeah. So their next three, here's another reason I'm a little more bullish on cia. Although their schedule is not a walk in the park either. They next three Baltimore at Dallas next week. Home Buffalo at Cincinnati. Yeah. This was one of the stretches. Yep. To win the division, they're still favored. Plus 180 5 on FanDuel since these plus one 90 Pittsburgh's plus 360, they're 2.0 And your Cleveland Browns, what are they?


Plus four 50. So nobody in that division is basically, it's two to one and up if you wanna bet on that division. Remember when we tried to pick first through fourth in this division? I was like, no, good luck man. you can gimme 30 guesses. I'm not gonna get it. What do you think that Baltimore offense is missing? Like I said, I was looking at those numbers. What would you want outta Henry? Like, hey, if you can get a 18 four, I was watching it going, oh yeah. Like what? I I I don't even know. They have, they have power running, they have good tight ends. Flowers is good. It seems like they have speed with Aguilar. Like, I, I don't know what I would add. We were saying their best offensive play through all of it is though when their offensive line breaks down and Lamar just takes off up the middle.


Yeah. Right. And so that's maybe why they're not so hot in the red zone because that, that you lose that if he doesn't have timeouts or doesn't have the end zone to back him up. So I don't know though. I, I really am more concerned about their defense. I think that initial point that you could, you could move on 'em. Yeah. I dunno if it's a Patrick Queen thing or, or what, but they need to, they need to, I dunno. They can, this is not, it's one thing to say if it's Patrick Mahomes doing it, but when Gardner michu, it's not like good co quarterbacks are going in there Right. And embarrassing them. A team that basically said, we can't run the ball, we're just gonna have to throw it every down. And the ravens to let them throw. I, I have real concerns about them. I'm slightly more concerned about them than Cincinnati. Next one is Jacksonville.


Now their odds a little different. What do you think their odds are? Not to make the playoffs? To not, okay, so the Texans are two and Oh, everybody else in that division's Oh and two to knot is minus 180 or is it higher? Minus 3 55. Wow. Wow. Vegas is like, we've seen enough. Yeah. This is the worst coach team of the league. We're out. Right. This is the dumbest team in the league. It's enraged me that I bet on them today. Especially coming back after last week against Miami. And they, they took the stupid up seven notches in this game. Sal. They had, first of all, Cleveland was two for 14 on third down and won Cleveland had 13 penalties for a hundred yards and still won.


Jacksonville had first in goal from the two, settled for a field goal. First in goal from the 19 inside the rent zone field goal. Miss first in goal from the six touchdown, second in goal from the two went backwards, kicked the field goal. This is the stupidest team you've ever watched. And it's like, hey, if, if Trevor Lawrence is there a guy you can overthrow in a huge, in a huge moment. Oh, there he is. Throw like, try to throw it right over his head. I I just can't stand them. I I really can't. I'm never betting on them again. And I probably will next week. They're brutal. I picked them to win the vision, the division. I'm, I'm ashamed of myself and I send you, I'm gonna do this every week. I sent you and Hench and house the first, those 1:00 PM games, the first half stats for the quarterbacks.


I mean, they're miserable. Everybody's at 40 yards. Everyone's at 46 yards. But this one, Trevor Lawrence had 16 yards. And Jack Fox, the punter for Detroit had 17 yards. What kind of odds could you have gotten on Jack Fox? Wow. Over Trevor Lawrence at halftime. Trevor Lawrence was so bad for the first two hours of this game that I almost couldn't believe it because I have, I have him in two fantasy leagues. I bet him to throw for 4,000 yards. Yeah. He was just sailing the ball all over the place. And then Thomas, who I think gets like three targets a game who every time they throw to him, it's the most exciting play on any tv. Right. It's these 50 yards downfield jumping up and then it's like, all right, put that guy on ice for another hour.


Yeah. I don't understand how they're two. I actually thought they should have won both of those games. I I don't understand how you don't beat Deshaun Watson and Deshaun to his credit was better than last week. He definitely made some throws in there. Throw he took couple. Did you see how we tried to blow it at the end though? At the clock management? And he sure did. Yeah. He sure did. The ball with nine left on the play clock. And then does that rollout on third down where you just, you're supposed to just take a knee. Yeah. And then he has a defender in his face and he chucks it into his like face mask. So that stopped the clock. I was like, how is Jacksonville getting the ball back with 1 37 left, let alone to any time. And yeah, they almost blew it. But yeah, Jack blew a classic. They get the ball back. It's, they're on like the three yard line.


They're down three. It's like less than four minutes left, five minutes left, whatever it was. And it's just like, they're so fucking stupid. Lawrence is probably gonna get sacked for a safety, like whatever play they're running here, it's probably a play where he is gonna hold the ball and get sacked for his safety. You're just watching it go. I wa you can see it coming off the highway. And then of course he did like no quick pass. No like just quick run up the middle to buy five yards. No St. Thomas down the sidelines to just chuck it and see if he can run under it. Get a pi. No, it was the Trevor Lawrence. I'm gonna take three steps back. My first read isn't open then I'm just gonna curl right into a sack. They're so stupid. Yeah. How is this always the worst coach team?


You know what I sense in your voice more than just, and that you Well you lost money Lost. I lost money. Yeah. Lost. We lost. No, I know, but I think you're also disappointed in Trevor Lawrence. I am. I think we have to be, we have to be disappointed in the quarterbacks who were once deemed good and God knows maybe even people sending them to the Hall of Fame. And now because they're so bad as a bunch, these quarterbacks we can't lose any good ones or mid-range ones even. So Yeah, I'm with you. It's disgusting. Even he, he sucked and he sucked and he sucked and then he made this awesome scramble. Yeah. And he ran downfield like a gazelle for like 40 yards and it looked like he was gonna run in the end zone and like put his shoulder down and just bowl his way in.


And instead he did like this weird tiptoe thing got tackled on the two and then they went backwards and I don't, I don't even think they scored. They might have settled for a field goal, but that's just something missing with that guy. So weird. So weird. And we thought this was gonna be the year he blossomed and instead it's like, now I have more doubts than ever with them. Anyway. No playoffs for them. Minus 3 55. That's high. Three 50 you said? Yeah. Yeah. That's high. I'm not going the other way 'cause I already have enough on them. But that is high. So the Rams mm, they're our fourth Oh and two team. Their entire team is now in the hospital. I dunno if you realize Right. Cooper Cup couldn't make it two weeks. They got the Arizona game was over.


People didn't even realize it was on yet. It was the 4 0 5 game. We were like, Hey, I think there's a game on and you go and it was already seven nothing. And Arizona ran all over them. No playoffs for them now Sal minus 600. Yeah. Next three games. San Francisco home at Chicago Home Green Bay. I don't know if this is our year from hell team yet, but this is the heavy favorite that this is the year from hell team. So they've had like nine guys go down already. It's funny, we went back to back Jacksonville and the Rams. 'cause those are my, I pick both of them to win a division. It's really, you, you should do this podcast with somebody else. Anybody else? Just grab Ben Simmons. Like I, I don't know why I have the Rams in there.


Which Ben Simmons my son or the or the either retired basketball party? Either. Both. Yeah. Either one will work. But yeah, I mean 'cause I love this game for the Rams I bought into the trend, what is he, 13 and two? Yeah. Sean McVay against him. And, and by the way, we stayed away from the trend Thursday night. all the bills, they own Josh Allen on Thursday nights. I'm like, damn it, I'm not doing this again. I'm taking, I'm going with the trend. The Rams are better. They, they're the, the Cardinals have no defense. Look at this. Kylo Murray's already a, it's in disarray his relationship with Marvin Harrison. What a trick that was. Huh? What a trick that was like, Hey, it's not my fault if he can't catch a, I'm like, oh, he is done with him. Yeah. And like you said before anyone knew the game was on.


He had two touchdowns, it was 14. Nothing. But I think you're right about the Rams being done, Harrison. Every single play he made was completely different than the previous awesome play he made. He, he, he basically played the hits. It was like a YouTube video. I think the Rams are done. Cup going down was kind of the final straw. Now they don't have Cup or Puka heading into the year. And I ended up putting them in the playoffs. But my fear was they were so top heavy. It's like, fuck man, if they lose one receiver, if Stafford goes out three weeks, like you just start going down there. It is like an eight man team. Yeah. I don't have enough confidence in Tutu atwell to to, to carry them for the next 15 weeks. We have a couple more and t team Oh and two teams left.


But let's take a quick break.


Coming off a great week two FanDuel has given you another chance to start the season with the big return in America's number one sports book. You will get started with $200 of bonus bets guaranteed when you place your first $5 bet on tonight's game. Falcons at the Eagles, you can do a little same game. Parley Maybe. you think Kirk Cousins is gonna throw a pick the Eagle's deal? Go to pick the Eagle's money line Jalen Hertz anytime td, something like that. Or you can just take the Eagles money line and throw it with something else in week three. Visit FanDuel dot com slash bs to make every moment more This season FanDuel an official sports book partner of the L must be 21 plus and President Select states are 18 plus in President DC. First online Real Money Wager only $5. First deposit required bonus issue as notable bonus be which expires seven days after receipt restrictions apply. See terms at sportsbook FanDuel dot com call 1-800-GAMBLER or visit rg help do com.


This episode is brought to you by Paramount plus Paramount Plus, once again, your home to stream the NFL on CBS all season long. Don't miss the thrilling on field accident stream your live local CBS game every Sunday. 'cause they have one every Sunday all the way through the playoffs, including the a FC championship that my beloved Patriots used to win. I love watching the NFL at home every weekend. But you know when streaming is really great, when you have to go somewhere, you can pop it on your phone, you can take the games with you, even if you're flying somewhere. Take the games with you. Visit paramount plus.com/nfl to get started today.


Okay, I forgot we were on YouTube. I just kind of paused for to for Oh yeah, we can't do that. Sorry. People watching YouTube usually usually moon me come back. This is when usually cocaine. I forgot I was gonna do like three bumps. Alright, next O2 team Indianapolis who gave up 473 yards rushing over the last two weeks. Woo. They lost to Malik Willis today, who I don't think attempted a pass that traveled in the air for more than like five yards. He was 12 for fourteen, a hundred twenty two yards. He had six Karas for 41 rushing yards. He had to see it to believe it. Gus Bradley, who a lot of the diehard football people have been saying is terrible for a while. This was his masterpiece.


This is a good one. He was so bad. They had, they were third in ones with Malik will as the quarterback where they had like five guys on the line and two linebackers like, like he was gonna throw deep. I I was just speechless. I couldn't believe how dumb that I would've put all 11 guys on the line. All they were doing was exactly what everyone said all week, including on most of our gambling shows is hey, Lalo is gonna run a bunch of gimmicks quick passes, little mini reverses, little pitches and you know, basically like act like a high school football team and Gus Bradley's like just in his base defense game. Like that guy should even last a week. I I i it it made so little sense that I bet the Packers.


I was like, are you kidding me? They didn't, they didn't bring anyone in to compete with Malik Willis this week. What did we, what did we see with them? I can't even believe he is on a roster at this point. Yeah. They're gonna force me to bet on him. And then like you're right, you say like all the only way they're gonna do it is to rush for 261 yards. And they did that 151 for Jacobs. Like, yeah, Gus Bradley, I don't know, I, I forget who the d coordinator is for them, but just disgusting. And they took forever to score that last touchdown. Like they really, really like running like there 11 minutes left. I took the TV at that point. Yeah. Listen, green Bay only scored 16 points. Yep. The Colts were just completely throttled by this Packers' defense that the eagles, you know, basically crushed in Brazil.


Anthony Richardson was not, not a good game for him. No, he's pretty raw. He makes, makes some, some of the worst throws you'll see on the TVs on a Sunday. He had a couple doozies today just looks really raw. There are no playoffs minus 400. I actually think that should be higher. They're d they have a top four or five worst defense in the league. I'm not sure about. You might've just picked the wrong south to have a combined 31 wins or whatever it was. Right, right. It it, it. But might just be that it's gonna be, well Carolina's gonna go in 17 so we what the FanDuel odds were 30 for the the NFC South. Yeah. So it 30. Yeah. We just have to make sure the other three don't get to 30.


That's true. Yeah. I don't see Indy making the playoffs. I don't see Tennessee making it either. Oh two with two giveaway losses. They have the worst quarterback. I mean that guy is just, we've, I don't, you know, whatever doctor you wanna listen to mayonnaise in the coffee definitely causes brain damage because that guy with the Willis with the or levies Levi backward flip that you're gonna see, like when the coach is saying, what the fuck are you doing for millions of people to see maybe it's time to take him out. Well it's like waiting for both of our sons have played flag football when that's like, you know, they're 10 or 11 or 12 and every once in a while there's a flag football player. You're like, oh my, why did Johnny do that? Why did John, why did Johnny think he could just lateral it backwards to the referee?


Just like the stupidest things you'll ever see. And Levi has done like three of those. He loves it. It's his go-to it's his finisher. He's he, he's just kind of like gaming. He's out there like, whoa, hey. It's like why should somebody play quarterback who's drunk if you came out after? It's like, will Levi has been drinking before these games? It's like ah, that makes sense. And with no memory either. It's like, oh now I remember why everyone's mad at me. 'cause I did this last week and I in a game that was Yeah. Unusable. Yeah. Right. I shouldn't have thrown it to the other team. All right coach, I get your side of it. No playoffs minus 600 Denver. So Bow Nicks, the bow Nicks, Bryce Young passing stats are about as brutal as it gets.


There's like historically bad stuff. I watched that whole game 'cause I really needed Pittsburgh to win for a variety of reasons. And you watched it because the NFL screwed us and games only three games. There was only three games. Yeah. Yeah. There was 10 games early three late Denver kind of controlled the second half. Yeah. Secretly and just missed a couple plays. But that game was a little scarier than 13 to six. Pittsburgh did nothing in the second half. They couldn't move the ball at all. And then was any big pick, I think Pickens set a record for celebrating plays. I would call back for a penalty. It might've been three, but yeah, you're right. There were, I, I don't, I don't. And if what's there or no playoffs? It's gotta be 13.


Oh it's like 20. Yeah. 20 to one, two Yeah. Favorites. Yeah. But they had a chance. Could we just talk about that game for a second? The way that that ended ended their chance. Why did they not onside kick? Like is it have, has the league made the onside kick so impossible that Sean Peyton's like, no, we have to kick deep with a minute 43 left and one time out. Yeah, it's like really? You're gonna get it back with 18 seconds? They got it back with eight seconds. I have a different about that. Yeah, so it's 13 to three. It's fourth and five. They're on the 10 yard line. They need two scores. You go for it and Yeah, because you're not gonna, like you kick a field goal then you have to go like 70 yards whenever you get the ball back.


The much easier, more realistic snares like convert the fourth and five, you cut it to three and then if you get the ball back, all you have to do is get to like the 40 yard line. 'cause everybody can kick a 50 yarder down. That's close. Yeah, that's gross. I was shocked that he, that he just settled for the field goal and I'm watching it going, you know, I have all money and I'm rooting for Pittsburgh 'cause I have division bets on them and all kinds of things. Right. And I'm just like, oh my God, he's gonna go for this and they're gonna get it and they're gonna fucking somehow force his skin overtime. But I thought he screwed that up too. Especially with the Steelers. The idea that you're gonna get four first downs in a row against that defense is not, not, you know, not probable. But I had, I don't know, not not being able to onside kick the guy who onside kicked at halftime against the Colts in the Super Bowl does passes on the onside kick because of the new rule.


I gotta see what this looks like. Do you think Bo Nicks is a starting quarterback? He is on one of my fantasy teams. You, you, you pointed it out. Well that that's our double QB team. I think we should have double kickers. You're right. Everyone's booming. 55 yarders. I was against having kickers at all. I think everybody should have two kickers now. Forget it. Maybe we should just have a kicker league. Yeah, you're right. Maybe that's the way to do it. But I, I still think Bo Nicks could maybe fight back somehow to be a quarterback in this league. He was betrayed by his tight end with the long hair. What's his name? Dolce? Yeah. He dropped at least two Easy pay. He was just awful.


I have not seen a lot from Bo that are like, can I just, I I like old year in the off season I interview like ex quarterbacks or whatever Yeah. For, you know, for The Ringer shows and, and I, I asked almost all of 'em about these three and everybody's like, oh they're gonna all be special. It's like, I know you're not allowed to say one of them's gonna suck but two or three of them are gonna suck. Yeah. It's just how it's Yeah. Odd thought. It's 50 50 isn't it? So you can go back on that pretty much anytime you want. It's the history of the league says 50 50 odds at best. Maybe 40, 60 tomorrow. And two teams, we can cross them off Now. The Giants who today against Washington became the first team ever to score three touchdowns, give up zero touchdowns and lose.


And apparently their kicker who had been banged up all week, but they weren't smart enough to make sure they had another kicker on the roster. And that leads to that. So every Giants fan I know would probably run Joe Shane over in their car if they, if there was no like video cameras, they're really bad. Not, not a surprise, but somehow Carolina is way worse. Carolina is minus 60 already for the season. We have 15 games left. They're minus 60. They've scored 13 points. Benching. Bryce, shout out again to Steven Ru Ruiz on my pod a month ago. This was one of his hottest takes that he thought Bryce Young would get benched this season.


Right. And I think we're in range. 'cause it's that bad. Like it it is like you can't have them on a tv. He's such a mess. Yeah. And I don't know if he makes it to November. This is one of those 35 yard a half guys that just doesn't give you a chance to win. Right. You look at his first half stats. I'm just looking, trying to see who as if it matters, but Oh, Andy Dalton's the backup. All right. So we'll get a good laugh outta that. But yeah man, I don't know how much they could see. This is, this is a very sad franchise all of a sudden. And it doesn't really even matter who they play. Like, oh, the Panthers were six, that's a steal at six against the Chargers who don't travel.


Well it went down to four and a half. Don't touch it. And Chargers were up before. That's the one game I didn't watch. I'll be honest. We, I, I was able to see nine games. Like I had to kick one of the 10 off. I had it on my cable, my box that has the cable TV because House and I for a million dollar picks, we did Chargers first Half Chargers, game Smart plus one 30 we're able to take it off in like 45 minutes and replace another game because it was just, you could just tell right away. I, I think Carolina might be the worst team in any sport if the White Sox didn't exist. Wow. I think it's that bad. The White Sox are the worst, but at least the White Sox have like a farm system. And I guess some things they could point to.


if you're the Panthers, what are you pointing to? Yeah. It's like if you would, the White Sox still have a couple. It's like you wouldn't bench every White Sox starting pitcher, but Bryce Young has to sit 'cause he just kills their offense. Yeah. No chance at all. Well, well they can't block for him. Combined with, yeah. You know, we've just seen this before with these young QBs, but I I think Owen 17 is like not crazy for them. I know it won't happen 'cause the season's too long and they'll catch somebody in the wrong thing but they just don't have any talent. And then Brown was their best defensive player. He's out. Yeah. So you know they played the Giants in Germany October something and that I think is gonna Right early November.


Is it November? Maybe it's November. That's the one I could see them going. Goose egg, both those teams. Until then, that's gonna be a treat. We fucking stuck Germany with that one. Huh? Yeah. We should go to that game. Fuck you guys. We still remember 80 years ago football game. Okay, those are all the O2 teams. Let's play Oh two two more games. Just talk about quickly. Vikings Niners, Vikings 23, Niners 17. The bikes ended up with four, seven yards and had no receivers in the fourth quarter of the game. Everyone was out including Jefferson. Their defense was great. S pretty six times. He had a fumble. No McCaffery. Obviously San Francisco hasn't won in Minnesota since 1992.


Did you know that? Yeah. I had no idea. That's a long time. This was like they were talking about it during the game, but the, the big thing is that just the Sam Renaissance and I have one of my best friends is a huge Vikings fan. He mailed me the clip of darn walking in the locker room after the game. You know like, like those Minnesota Vikings Twitter feed and the team is just like, yeah, they fucking love Sam. Darn. It's like how did this happen? This is a darn duping though. He did the, he did do this a few years ago. Like when the Petty thing you like Rope Ado. It's a little bit of a darnal duping here and I'm looking at their odds to make the playoffs. We could jump on. No for even we could do it. We have a few dollars left.


It's even right now. Yeah. I guess Jefferson's out for a while. I mean, who, who's seventh is the problem? Is it the, is it the Cardinals? Well it depends if we get, if you go Seattle, just admit one of the NFC East Dallas or Philly is gonna be the wild card. We're getting two from the West. So we'd have to get two from the east, one south and then, well I Green Bay or Minnesota. You could still get San Francisco. Seattle. And I like Arizona all of a sudden. I like Arizona too. I'm with you. The other one was Bucks Lions. So I stayed away from this game 'cause I, I thought the line was too high.


Yeah. Went to seven half and The Bucks played a really good game there last year. And I just, something about it scared me. I wish I had that feeling about some of the other games I've been on. But the Lions had one touchdown on seven Red Zone Trips. Trips. Mm. Trips Golf had two horrible old school Jared Goff picks. They ran 83 plays, which is like an incredible high amount. How many times do you think golf passed in that game? Do you know this? I don't dunno. When golf passes today, what do you, what would you at 83 offensive plays? It's high. Was it 44? He threw 55 passes today. Wow. Wow.


55 passes and watching the game. And we didn't even have the game on for the first half. 'cause I just thought, you know, and then when it became interesting, it made a TV and it was just weird. It was like they were airing it out like they were down 20 and it was, you know, a one score game Right. For two hours. But I, I don't know what that team's doing. They're built to just pound the ball, pound the ball, pound the ball, play action, hit like LaPorte doesn't witness protection. Yeah. St. Brown who was going for $50 in some fantasy leagues, they, they really only have two receivers. Like Khali Free's playing a, playing a bunch for them as their third receiver, but I'm not panic yet. Jameson Williams. But I like it. Jamie, he's a little hurt, but Jamon Williams is good.


But yeah, we're missing the, oh wow. Look at Mount St. Brown open over the middle for 35 yards for 30 yards. Right. It seems like we're we don't ever get there with Ka anymore. Even with the last game. It's tough. And they had to do that crazy fake punt. If that hadn't worked, this might have been a blowout. Maybe we just, all the NFC south teams just screw us all the time. No, it's a, it, it, there's basically no preseason and these teams have to round in shape. I just don't know why they're not pounding the ball. One thing I'll say with Tampa, and we knew somebody stupid was gonna come outta that NFC South and I want your New Orleans scouting report in one second, but the fact that Godwin looks like he's Chris Godwin from four years ago then this season, yeah.


They just seem a little more dangerous when they need, like they need a first down, they need to go 70 yards. I I feel like they have more options this year than they had last year and Baker's playing really well. Like he's, you know, I wouldn't say he's a top 12 quarterback, but he is probably above average now. So maybe, I mean a lot of these teams always, that's all you need, 200 yards, one touchdown won interception and the defense could do the rest. But yeah, you're right with Godwin, I kind of feel the same way I do about the Saints. I don't know if you want to get to them now, but they're playing with confidence, right? Yeah. Like Baker's playing with confidence. Carr's playing with confidence. They talk about this ey I always with ak really, he's been in the league for a hundred years.


Carr, he really just needed, no, it was just the right coordinator to get 'em going and they look super fast. The Saints, they look sideline to sideline really fast. I was singing songs about the Cowboys linebackers all week. And then just like they have talk about like a retread, like they have a 2018 version of Alvin Cama just sprinting to the sideline and getting around the corner. Is that what happened with that? How did they, how did they rejuvenate Kamara? I dunno man, my team sad goes back and forth for, we just go back and forth between like being super prepared for a game like we were for the Browns and then just, did we practice it all this week?


Either that or the Saints are great, which I didn't wanna believe just yet. So confession, I did not watch really any of this game. Oh. Because there were 10 early games and I knew for the podcast, I knew you were gonna watch the whole game. So I just decided to give you the car keys for the state's. Wait a minute, you put this on your, you put, first of all, I have a, a bone to pick. You said this is a barely watchable, but then you put it in your four screen for YouTube. I know. Well the, the, the, I underrated the Saints and I changed my mind. Now there were too many games and I was really, I wanted to see how Green Bay did with Malik Willis. I wanted to watch the Jets Titans game. The Pat Seahawks was like a permanent one.


Lions then the Ravens Raiders guy. I just never, I just knew you were gonna watch it for us. But then the, the Saints had 28. What the, how many points did they have at halftime? So they made so didn't need to watch. Yeah, 35 points at halftime. 16 and Carr had 11 completions. So I'm going nuts about his relationship with the coordinator and everything. But they ran for one 90. Like that was the difference. It was just one of those games that got outta hand. It's weird because the last home game this happened was the playoff game against the Packers where I sat in your couch and I don't know, I did awful things really, really bad. But yeah, so I, I guess this is our thing, Mike MacArthur, we just get trounced at home. This is fun. People aren't afraid to come into your house anymore.


No, there is some Kubiak as the new hot offensive coordinator Buzz great because, but unleashing whatever was there with the Saints. I, if it's cool with everybody, I'm not gonna trust it because they killed the Panthers in week one and then they kind of just took you guys by surprise in week two. But I need a little more evidence. We've been down this road a bunch of times with Derek Carr. I find it hard to believe in his early thirties. All of a sudden he became this gun slinging leader of a team that's gonna score 500 points for the season. I mean talk about their minus 200 to make the playoffs right now. What, how plus one 60 the other way.


We're gonna have to bite on one of these because we're already miserable about it. Wait a second up. Yeah, I know. Kudos to FanDuel. So New Orleans, let's see, they have home for Philly at Atlanta KC next three. They could be two and three in three weeks, don't you think? Yeah, I was, I was gonna look at it the other way. Like all right, they definitely, they have Carolina again, they'll split with Tampa panics in week four after Kirk officially loses his job after tomorrow nights game. Did you watch Jets Titans?


'cause I happen to watch a bunch of that one. Yeah, most of it. He talked about the Titan side, but the, the jet side was interesting because they were alternately not impressive at all. But Rogers made five old school. Roger throw, he still can work that sideline and throw these beautiful touch passes and that Wilson is not nearly as evolved as I thought he was gonna be. Right. Brie Hall isn't like, you know this amazing. He's not, it's not like six yards of carry every time you hit the ball, but you know, they snuck that one out. That was a really dangerous game. There was a moment there during the one o'clock games when it looked like the Pats were gonna beat Seattle and it looked like the Jets might go oh and two and we're heading toward this Thursday game of the two and oh, pats outta nowhere against two.


I said I love that. That would've been great. I still think you have a shot and we'll get to that. But yeah, like yeah, braille and Allen running the ball like no one 20-year-old bra Allen from, from Breeze Hall. So yeah, he's spreading it out. Roger, I think you're right. I hate to give him credit. He was, he looked good and he looked like a capable Jets quarterback. So 24 17. With that said, his body language in a couple moments in the first half looked like he was ready to check out. There was a couple, like there was a terrible third in one play where the guy got stuffed and Rogers was just doing the Frozen. Really, really Guys like it, you know, and then there was a couple shots of him sitting on the bench.


It's like, what's going on? Is he happy? Is he talking to anybody? But then, and people get on Vrabel, but I I, I don't know that they would've been two and oh the Titans with Vrabel. But I don't think they lose both those games. I don't think so either. Stupid team. Pat Seahawks was the other one. Very winnable game for the Pats. Brit just seems like if he was a starting pitcher, he is got five innings in him and then it's like, well the top of the lineup's Coming up and you're like, can we start warming up dudes? 'cause this guy's not getting through the lineup again. It was a super winnable game. The secondary was bad.


And that, that was basically the reason they lost was they they just, they had a huge breakdown on that. Metcalf touchdown Metcalf, couple PIs. With all that said, I, I really felt like Kyle, Kyle did we decide they should have gone for that fourth of one in overtime? We, we were kind of like, whatever they did I was gonna disagree with. Yeah, they should have gone. Kyle was just, let's pound on, let's go. But you know, once they punted it just felt like they were gonna lose. Yeah, I think that's, look, that's a surrender index, right? That's that's surrender, surrendering the overtime that's we're gonna tie. And why, why is a team like the Patriots out to tie?


Are they gonna go six, nine and one or 6, 6, 10 and one that's gonna make the difference? I'm like, just, just go for it there. Yeah, I get that. I don't listen. I'm always, always, I didn't say this in the moment, in hindsight's 2020, it's alright. No one was there. you can say it with, with some time to marinate on it. The move was to go for it. 'cause if you get it then it's like, oh man. Then we fucking went for it and we got the fourth and one and we came down and we, and it was like, ah, yeah, it's a new Patriots team. And instead they punted and the Seahawks scored and now we have no momentum. But I think they should ask the defense like, Hey, how tired are you guys? Like, I don't know, we've been out here for four hours. This sucks. We're getting pounded. Wanna please just for the get, just get the one yard.


Just go for it. Please score two things. Gino once again was, was kind of sneaky, really good and, and came through and he has a bunch of these come from behind touchdowns in the fourth quarter, but I thought he was really good. I did say to Kyle, they in that game, and this was an in the moment thing, it's like the Patriots are competent enough that I, I think they should start thinking about Drake may 'cause Brit's pretty limited. You know, they've scored, they scored 20 points today. They scored 16 points the other day. He basically can't throw the ball downfield at all. And I think if May had played in that game with the fact that the, the O line can block O better than I thought before the season, it might, he might have been able to swing that.


I wouldn't play him this week on Thursday against the Jets. When's he coming in? I was just gonna say, when do you put 'em in? When is, when did we see him? What's the over the over under is Home Against the Dolphins. October 6th. Now when we officially, when we first sketched this out, it was at the Jets that Thursday. So no, but then they would've 10 days to prepare for at San Francisco Week four. No, don't put 'em, you don't. We saw with the Niners, right? Yeah. That's Home For the Dolphins. Home For the Dolphins. Week five seems like it would be the move. Yeah. And I think that's fair. I think if there's somehow two and two, who knows? But, you know, I thought they're gonna be awful. It's a really likable team.


It's fun. They're fun to watch. It's, the crowd likes them, the energy. They're all, they're all playing hard and good. I like this. I dunno, it's better. It's, it's certainly better than like rooting for Carolina. I think your playbook is a little limited too though. So I don't know if Drake may would. It's because of our quarterback. Is that why? All right. Yeah's a great guy. It's just, there's, you know, he can't do certain things. He's not mobile. Alright, we're gonna take another break for the podcast and then I have one more game to play with you, then we'll going.


This episode is brought to you by TikTok. It has never been harder to parent your kids. You have less idea than ever what they're doing on their phones, on their computers, wherever it is. As teens start exploring online, it's natural that parents wanna make sure what they're seeing on TikTok is safe. So it's great that tiktoks family pairing feature lets parents link their TikTok account to their teens, helping ensure the content they're seeing is safe. This is a great ad. As a parent, you can restrict access to search, you can enable restricted mode to limit content that may not be age appropriate. And you can choose words or hashtags to filter from your teens feeds. Learn more at tiktok.com/guardians guide.


This episode is brought to you by LinkedIn. As a small business owner, every new hire added to your team needs to make an immediate impact. Think of CJ Stroud in his rookie year, how he transformed the Texans with limited hiring resources. You don't have the luxury of getting it wrong. you need to feel confident that your candidate is going to perform when the game is on the line. With LinkedIn jobs, you can, as the world's largest professional network, LinkedIn gives you access to more than a billion professionals. With the unique skills and experience you need, chances are your next standout star is one of them. A qualified candidate ready to put in the work that makes an immediate impact on your business. On LinkedIn, 86% of small businesses get a qualified candidate within 24 hours. So hire professionals like a professional on LinkedIn. Hire the right person for your role and post your job for free. Go to LinkedIn dot com slash simmons, that's LinkedIn dot com slash simmons to post your job for free terms and conditions apply.


All right. Quick game. I didn't tell you we were doing this. Definitely. Or maybe, or definitely hype and maybe Okay, I like that more. Definitely. Maybe. So tell me. Definitely. Or maybe for either of these, the Chief's three are, you're gonna show me pictures of girl. The girls You've no dated? No. Alright. Okay. No, this isn't like Face Smash. I see. Definitely. Maybe the Chief's Threepeat might actually be in trouble. Oh, just Maybe. you can't say definitely. Okay. Right. Yeah. There team to be. I think that's a maybe Bill. Yeah. Alright. Now it's gonna get harder. Ooh, Kyler Murray is back. Definitely. Or maybe I'm leaning.


Definitely. I don't think that I'm giving him the Definitely. Yeah. Yeah. I, I saw a lot of good things and maybe they just had their number and they were gonna crush 'em no matter what. But he looked, he looked. if you ever liked Kyla Murray, he looked every bit as good as that. Kyla Murray you liked he Harrison McBride. Dortch didn't have a good game today, but he was good in week one. Connor could run the ball ball. There's a certain style and feel and pace that seems like it makes sense for him. It seems like he's post knee surgery just seems a little more inclusive. You know, he was a little withdrawn, I think in, in the earlier Kyler years, but did not seem like that today or last week.


And they almost be Buffalo last week too. all the memes added up and he is like, f these people will show like a, a baby carrying a loaf of bread and saying there's Kyler in preseason. Like Yeah, I think he's finally figured it out. It's an invention tour. Good team. Yep. Definitely. Maybe New Orleans has an elite offense. Oh, I have to just say maybe. Okay. I can't say definitely they were scary today though. But I, I, I, I'm hoping it was just something that just got outta hand and will never look back. Definitely may be. Justin Tucker isn't a top four kicker anymore.


I'm gonna say definitely. As far as like if I bet on him and the confidence. I don't know. Maybe, you could show me a stat that shows that says that he is, but who would you rather have? Let's go over the four. So I made a list. Aubrey Easy. Aubrey might be the greatest kicker of all time. Thank you. Dicker on the Chargers. Boswell's lights out now. The guy we just saw and then and Fairburn right on the, on the Texans. Those T four are just clearly better than him at this point. And then I'd probably put Harrison Bucker over him too. Yep. So I don't know if he's top five anymore. I mean, he is older. He is the greatest kicker of all time. But yeah, always best opera singer I would have. I would rather have those five guys for this season.


Do you have a theory why field goals are so easy now? I don't, I don't know. Is there one, do we need to change the rules to make them harder? Like remember in the old days you could kind of jump over the center as they snapped it and do, you know, jump on your guys' back. Yeah. Maybe we get to bring some of that stuff back. Yeah. What's fun about watching these dudes make like 54 yarders right down the, so Oh, hit the camera. Wow. It's like, I, I don't care. Then that camera points is on the other side. So don't blame our cameras for that going in. Don't do, don't you dare do that. It's gone too far. Caleb. Caleb Williams is the best. He, he move his legs just throwing it's all arm.


How did the Texans win when this guy put up 40? 40 touchdown. 40 point. No. 40 yard. He has 40 yards. A 40 yard. Oh, okay. This guy's so much better than he was last week. 13 points. He's like dying to not play anymore. Kidding. Please get just kidding. Get me off this spiel. Hit every play. Oh my God. Maybe I put the old goalposts in just to freak the kickers out. The ones that looked like Hs. Maybe that's a change. Switch that up. Maybe you. Maybe we move the goalposts like slightly closer together. Moving 'em in. Like arena football. Yeah, definitely. Maybe Sam Darn is about to be redeemed.


No, you're like out. You're, you're neither. Definitely nor maybe I might pulling. Go maybe out. Definitely not really. Alright. Definitely not. That would, that's a good third one for this. Yeah, definitely. Maybe now that we've seen it in action in games. Joe Burrow's hair looks kind of cool. Definitely. I like it too. Yeah, it looks good. It's pretty good. It's really nice. I'd kill for it. Definitely Joe. He's just very cool. I'm in Joe Burrow. Took a lot of shit, but it fucking looks cool. I gotta hand it to him. Yeah, he looks like he's like the villain in a Netflix series. Sit in the, in South Carolina. He's like terrorizing teenagers.


Is he the Berlin? Is he Hollywood Hulk if he goes over five or maybe he's the star. Yeah. Does he turn that black? Yeah, definitely. Maybe. Or definitely not. Pittsburgh's gonna go 10 and seven or 11 and six somehow. Well, I'm all right. I'm meant to look at their, the quarterbacks they face. 'cause there's gonna be some games where they're gonna have to score 20 points, right? Aren't they gonna have to at some point? Well, but don't you feel like they told fields, look, we're gonna win these first two games. Don't throw the ball over the middle. We don't do anything stupid. Don't try to run for two extra yards. We don't want you to fumble, we don't want you to throw the ball to the other team. Can you just, we just need 13 points.


Yeah. Week three, we're gonna unleash you. Just, just trust us. Sure. Feels like that's the point. I think that's right. Alright. But I'm looking at the quarterback. So th these are the goodish quarterbacks I'll face Herbert, Dak Rogers, Lamar Burrow. I mean this could be losses, right? Hertz again, Lamar again. Burrow and Mahomes. Ten seven. They could do 10. The rest are bad. They started out the season with two road games and went two and Oh, it's pretty good. Yeah, I feel good about that.


Pick that I was ready to let you gimme a mul get on after we did the over under pod and I was like, if I could switch one thing, I would switch Buffalo and Pittsburgh. But we'd said, you know, we're stick our picks. Yeah, yeah, definitely. Maybe two. Two should retire. You know, I thought about this. There's no way to govern this obviously. No, because we, I taped something at the top on Thursday where it's like, I, I don't know what the number is for these dudes to retire. And then I watched Box, flew home from Boston on Saturday night and I watched boxing and UFC on JetBlue and I'm just thinking like, these guys are just all getting the crap kicked out of 'em. And then they get up and they go to the next fight.


Like, who are we to tell Tua? Oh, I, I, I'm a complete hypocrite. And for that very reason, like I see Tua with the fencing arm and I'm like, oh no, let's not do that anymore. But then I'm like, this guy gets knocked out. I'm like, oh man, he should fight John Jones next. Like, doesn't matter. It's like he can't get out of the octagon. He can't figure out the, where the door is. Right. If I was, if I was two as like roommate in college, I'd be like, yo dude, like what are you doing? How much money can you make if you just retire now? But, well, there's just some guys that you know what's gonna, you know, it's gonna be problematic. And you said it, you like, it was kind of a miracle that they kept him upright last year. Yeah. They, they had him in bubble wrap last year. Yeah. Yeah. And even like that play, like he, he kind of forgot the script that he wasn't supposed to do that, but he ran into Hamlin's bicep basically, you know.


Yeah. It wasn't helmet to helmet, it wasn't anything And it left them. Yeah. Would you think that was a playoff team? Either way the dolphins were No. Did you I, after watching those first two weeks, I didn't think they were one of those seven best a FFC teams anyway. So I don't, I don't know if it's gonna make a difference. Yeah, maybe not either way. What is that number now? Does it, do we look at that? They probably don't even have that on FanDuel, right? They do. Oh man, what is it? You're gonna love this. Yes. Is this plus one eight? Yes. Oh, I should have had you guess. You wanna guess? Did you hear it? I would've said like minus 300. No. Wow. Jump on there.


No. Is minus 1 44. Oof. So they must think he's coming back in like two weeks. Yeah, but so what? That's another team. They're goes the, so it's like two more injuries and that whole team falls apart. Yeah. A couple other random things before we get to Guest. The lines, Rogers, once again, I don't even think he threw it for 200 yards today. So his 300 yard streak continues. It's been since week 13. December 19th, 2021 NFC South four wins. I'm worried about our bet. I'm not worried about my Aiden Hutchinson's sac title bet. Really good. What have full 1101 that might pay for all my futures. We did our futures draft for the year.


It's 1101. He's gotta be leading by like three sacks. He was excellent and he kept everybody in the, he kept that team in the game is the problem. Yeah. I think Pickens is on pace to have an entire alternate universe fantasy season of plays that didn't count or passing the fer yards where it's like it's, he, he's basically like Megatron in 2009. He like 1200 yards and 10 touchdowns just called back or they didn't exist. Yeah. Or they happened over here somehow. He is always in those. Do you think, think he goes to the locker room and yells at the guys of the offensive lineman who held, he is like, you're making me look stupid out there. I'm dancing and everyone's like, well you don't have to dance.


Yeah. Yes, I do have to dance. What do you mean? Well, they, they should almost put a transmitter in his helmet. Just like beep it so he doesn't start his dancing stuff. Yeah. Or a big yellow flag on the field. Could be an alert too. Here's my next question. Have we pivoted back to quarterbacks not mattering in fantasy football? Remember that? Yeah. Remember that was always the thing in the nineties, two thousands, most of the 2000 tens. And then all of a sudden when the touchdowns in the yards really went up, then I was like, well, I'm not gonna win unless I get one of these top guys. Or unless I spend money and I possibly have three guys that I can mix and match.


And now it's like, I don't know. Who are you excited about? You, are you fired up to have CJ Stroud? Yeah. Are you fired up to have Josh Allen? He threw for like 120 yards that week. Like Mahomes like it, it's the league, right? For and a lot of people are talking about, this became a big topic it felt like over the last couple days about the passing stats going way down. How there's way more running, what the reasons are. It's pretty interesting about how the defenses are getting just faster and sleeker and they're doing the two safeties way back. So now it actually just makes more sense to run and make the defense pull people up. So then there's just more running plays. And then golf throws for 55 times.


So I don't even know, I talked to the, the, the parlay kid. You know him well from against all odds, he loves Parlo paring over one and a half touchdown passes for a and he'll put like four together. I was like, you have to stop with that bet you have to. Yeah. There were 33 touchdown passes last Sunday. Like, that's disgusting. You just, you don't, you're not gonna get there anymore. What Allen didn't get there. Obviously Tua didn't get there from that first night like you like. Right. And how that game didn't go over was another thing. But then like you pointed out for fantasy wise on our, on our Kickout league, here's Baker Mayfield, Daniel Jones, whatever, Kirk Cousins, Derek Carr, Gino Smith, they're all available.


All available. Like those Baker Mayfield still available. Four of those guys would be as good as anybody that's presented. Yeah. You look like Josh Allen, Mahomes, Lamar Herz, jaded Daniels. I guess Kyler was doing pretty well, but even his stats weren't great last week. Yeah. It's j where Smith. It's car. It's all the weird ones that you would never think of in the beginning of the year. We're in a weird fantasy reckoning. How you feeling about your team before we go to Guest Alliance? I dunno. I, I I don't. Fine. I guess. And then if there, well I mean we're gonna go one and two against after the Ravens and then it's gonna be problems.


Then Jerry's gonna, then he is gonna have to sell the team and there's gonna be talking about McCarthy leaving and all that other stuff and Zimmer's sucking. What was your worst bet today? Worst bet. Okay. Lemme see. I throw this out for the YouTube. No, don't gimme Hunter. Biden's bet. Gimme your bets. Did you Hunter do a parlay together? Dallas plus three and a half on a lot of like three team teasers, which I know you're not supposed to still do. I had your dumb team thanks to Raheem under 17 and a half. That didn't work out. I don't know. That was bad. What was your worst one you couldn't have done? Great.


My worst one was on the plane yesterday, just sitting there for 20 minutes waiting for a take off and remembered that, oh, this, I only have FanDuel for a little bit longer before we get in here, I should make a couple more bets. And I'm doing like, I, and I was trying to be disciplined like this whole season. Like I'm, I'm gonna do 3, 4, 5 bets. That's it. I'm doing like, oh, sugar Sean. Let me put him with, with freaking the Dallas money line. I, I mean I had, I just ripped off like three or four of the dumbest bets ever. And I put no thought in them at all because I wanted to get it done before we took off. Yeah. I won the fan fan. America's number one sports book. Fandel partnered with Southwest Airlines. Get your bets in right away. Stay the runway for 10 more minutes and you can squeeze in three more bets you never would've normally made. Ooh. Do you think they're in cahoots with the, with the airlines to like, sorry, we're delayed. We have, we have a lot, we have a lot of fish on this. JetBlue Simmons. Simmons is in row five mechanical issues.


Yeah. Bill Simmons. I've, I had like, I bet on Brian Ortega 'cause my, my son told me he really liked Ortega. I'm like, all right, I'll throw him in with the Cardinals. Yeah. That didn't work. I had, oh, another one I did Canelo under eight and a half. Oh. For that fight. He hit the guy somehow I was on JetBlue and I had UFC on, I had two iPads. I had UFC on one iPad and I had the Canelo, that whole part. The other one. Really? Wow. And the wifi worked. You're rich pretty much well enough. Yeah. But the Canelo one, he's just throwing bombs at this guy for round after round and the guy goes down the third, he goes down the seventh.


But somehow the, somehow he just makes it, you look at what we could have made betting him to go win by decision over the last eight fights and you'll, that's you'll never stop vomiting. Yeah. It's disgusting. And then you could've gotten three to one odds on it. So. Yeah. But here's the thing. When these guys add the weight and they go up these knockout guys who they're fighting 20 pounds heavier than they used to fight. The punching power doesn't seem like it comes with them. Well I get it. The only one I remember is Hearns. Like Hearns was like the only one who was able to put on weight and keep the power. Yeah. I guess Holy Field did too when he got to heavy weight. I know. I gained a lot of weight. I have no power. So I think you're right. We're rambling so that means we're gonna take a break and get to guess the lines.


Yeah baby.


This episode is brought to you by the 2025 Lincoln Aviator. SUV. Hmm. The 2025 Lincoln Aviator nails that feeling in next level confidence, the updated grill and sleek lights, total head turners under the hood of refined twin Turbo V six powers you through with authority inside Pure Comfort plus three row seating, custom climate control available massage seats keep you ready to tackle whatever's next. Explore more@lincoln.com. Some models, trims and features may not be available or may be subject to change. Check with your local retailer for current information. Lincoln and Aviator are trademarks of Ford or its affiliates.


This episode is brought to you by Coke Zero Sugar, a very popular product in the Simmons house. Being a fan takes a lot. Loving your team through the lows and the highs can be thirsty Work. That's where Coke Zero sugar comes in. And we've actually got some Coke Zero sugar right here in my little studio. Let's give it a try. Nice. Beautiful. Like kind of a darkish red can. I'm just gonna give it a whirl. Yeah. My fingernails. Oh, there we go. Oh yeah. Okay. Let's try it. Wow, that's really good. Coke, zero sugar. Delicious. Incredible taste. And again, zero sugar. Best Coke ever. Lemme take another sip. That might be the best Coke ever. God. That's delicious. Best Coke ever. I think so. Click or tap the banner to find out.


All right. Coming back. Guest Alliance week three. Did you beat me last week too? We tied. We did. We tied. We tied 10. 10. Yeah. I'm gonna beat you last. So I'm up 1 0 1 by the way. Should mention, here are the two and oh teams. Buffalo running Pittsburgh Chargers, KC Houston, Minnesota, new Orleans, Tampa, Seattle. So we got eight plus Philly tomorrow potentially. Yeah. Right. And which one do we say we're, we would bet against to make the playoffs the Saints? I'd really need to look at that this week because one of these teams would be like, oh man, we're gonna, the Saints started out two and oh, and then they finished six and 11 and Dennis Allen got fired.


I'm still not. I know, but we kind of have to do it now, right? Yeah, yeah. Week three the Jets are home. They're playing the Patriots of New England. This is, by the way, I think our only night game this year. How the mighty have fallen. That's right. Yep. Yeah. This is it. Enjoy it. I have the Jets by five and a half. Did you try to pick this Exactly 'cause I sure as hell did five and a half. Six and a half. You picked it. Exactly. I did. Yeah. The rest, eh, So it it's a, it's a whif high. That's fair. Yeah.


That's a whiff high. You think so? Yeah. Yeah. The Jets, they last week they got killed by the Niners who then just lost to the Vikings this week. They barely beat the Titans. Even though Will Levi, we were joking earlier that it seemed like if a quarterback did have drinks before a game, this is what it would look like. So I don't know why they'd suddenly be almost seven points against the Pats who beat the Bengals and then almost beat the Seahawks, I guess first home game. Right. I guess the place will be pretty pumped for Aaron Rogers. Will it, to make it to the distance. Have you been to a Jets game? Is it a place that gets really pumped? It's, I I would say it goes the other way.


Yeah. I, it gets more surly. That's what I mean by pumped. That's how we say in New York. Pumped. But I, you know, this is gonna be interesting for him. Gonna have his family there. Oh no, it is. His family doesn't talk to him. No, it's gonna be a good game. I think you could upset him. Kyle was so happy today that I was rooting for the Pats. Even though I have like five, five s against them. This is come to Sunday's marquee game. Sunday's marquee game. Yeah. It's really probably the Eagles and the Saints if it's two, two and oh teams. But we're not gonna do that.


We're gonna go cowboys Ravens because if the Cowboys coming off just getting lambasted by the Saints at home. Yeah. I wish Baltimore had won. And you have the oh two Ravens somehow playing a must win game in week three. Yeah. Right. This is, I think, gotta think at least for the division oh three, pretty hard to bounce back and win. I put this line low even though it's in Dallas. I have Dallas by one and a half. Oh, you got it. Exactly. I said two thought we'd get the thought, we'd get the nudge there. Yeah. You don't wanna say must win, right? I think it is, but oh, three losses would be something because we did, we did this earlier, but that the next two games after this are hard for them.


They're home for Buffalo and at Cincy they basically have to go two and one. Right Two and one out of those three. Yeah. The problem for them is even when they have a lead, I feel like the team, the other team can throw the ball on them and come back. Which makes it an unusual Baltimore team. Derek Henry used to be the greatest clock killer of all time. What happened? He still looks good. Yeah. I don't, I dunno what happened, watchable. So it's a pretty good week next week. I gotta say I, I thought I had four watchable and I had three. Three fairly watchable. Well, they did the, they relieved us. And, and I, I know I complain about it.


And you and I and like maybe three others only care, but when they did 10 games early on and six came down to the wire and I was like, screw these guys. Like I can't. Scott Hansen had an aneurysm. Like I just, just give us eight and five or eight and four. I agree. Stop it already. And then you got three games in the afternoon. Two aren't competitive within like eight minutes. Enough. Spread it out. Yeah. There was one stretch in the early games where it felt like in five games at the same time, there were just like pivotal two minute stretches and they were all overlapping with each other. And you're just like, wait, what? I did what, how do I blocks 10? So I don't, don't think this is gonna be an aesthetically pleasing game, but I can't wait to watch it.


Steelers chargers in Pittsburgh. Two, two and oh teams, two similar teams. Trying not to do too much on offense, on defense, trying to win games, not make mistakes. Team that obviously like built around the coach coach's personality. There's nobody believes in us on both sides. Two teams that I backed before the year as playoff teams. And I'm interested to see what happens in this. I think the Chargers might have a slightly higher upside than the Steelers because of the quarterback. 'cause the, the Pittsburgh quarterback, we still haven't really seen him have to make a play yet. When it, when it actually matters. We've always, they've always had the lead.


I have a Steelers minus three. All right. I pussed out on this. I thought about it for a long time and I'm like, I can't, I don't know who's gonna be favored. So I gave it the 9.9 round. You. You can't respect me as a judge. I made it a pick them. And you're right. It's a long way of saying you're right. It's one. Oh no, we're both right. It's one and a half. We both right? Yes. I can't that why you did a pick them. Fuck David Pick. I know. Well, they just said they never happened. The Cardinal's Rams game today was a pick them. Yeah. Like heading into kickoff. Which I was like, I don't Right.


That never seems to happen. I'm trying to beat you. I'm not beating the Vegas. I know I can't do that. Well, so in the old days, minus three meant it was minus three for the home food advantage that has now dropped over the years to now minus one and a half is the home food advantage. So they're basically saying those teams are exactly even next watchable is Texans Vikings in Houston. Although the Texans were not watchable today. Hopefully this game won't take four hours. I'm sorry, this is in Minnesota, not in Houston. My bad. So I have Houston favored. I had it as a two and a half before the game tonight.


And I think I'm just gonna keep it there. I have Houston by two and a half in Minnesota. Nah, move a lower move a lower. I had two and it's three and a half. You get it? Three and a half. Hmm. Maybe the Sam darn duping hasn't hit FanDuel yet. Well, if Jefferson doesn't play, you know, Texans are probably a good, I think he said he doesn't think he's gonna miss time. Can we, I I wanna give the throw the NFL bone. They still don't know how to schedule games, but the fact that they came out with the AJ Brown news before kickoff today means that they're sort of looking out for fantasy owners because that McCaffrey thing was so bad last week and it came down like an hour before the game when nobody can make moves.


But to, they didn't have to say if a J Brown was playing Monday night, you know, Sunday at 1240 and they did good job by you. Do you think the NFL should run commercials congratulating themselves? The NFL? They would never, we finally care about our fans. It's the players. We don't care about the NFL caring about our fans since one week ago. Yeah, that is a good point. They definitely did that for fantasy. Because if you started AJ Brown, it's a, yeah. Just an out and out catastrophe. Yeah. Next one. Eagles at the Saints. There you go. This is arguably the best game of the week. If the Saints are good, I have the Eagle's favorite in this game.


S So I'm gonna say Eagles by two and a half. I think you're gonna beat me this week. You got it. Exactly. I thought it would be one. I guess I did like the Saints more than what I thought. Week three is you. I usually have Good week threes. Hmm? You're up four to two. You know everyone in New Orleans hated car. I wonder if they, I wonder if they flipped on that now. 'cause the Saints are fun. Like coming, coming back. The two big wins. I wonder if they'll have a like an awesome crowd for this game. Awesome. Old school Saints crowd. Yeah. This feels like a gambling Stay away. They were home against a Carolina, right? Yeah. This is their second home game. Yeah, this could be a good one. Last one. Lions Cardinals. This is also in Arizona.


This is a game that could have been like Lions minus six in the look ahead line. But now heading into week three. I don't see how it's higher than three and a half. So I'm gonna say Lions three and a half. Get this one too. I said two. That's how much I like Arizona. It's three. Yeah, they're, they're gonna make you better off the three. I think people are still gonna look at Arizona if they didn't see the games and say they're one on one. And the only reason they beat the Rams is 'cause all the guys in the Rams got hurt. But Arizona is, has a good offense and I regret not taking them million dollar picks this week. Can you Hutch, can you Guy Hutch contain little Kyle Murray? Can he get 'em? Yeah. I want him to. Can he the sack? Let's, let's clench the S in September.


Fairly watchable Colts. Bears not quite bad enough to be a poop FACTA game, but I definitely don't wanna watch this. It's Indianapolis Colt's by two and a half. Oh, come on. I don't, I don't lie. I hope people are seeing this on YouTube. How you're, you know, sauntering into the screen. Yeah, it's two and a half. What are you looking at? Well, I thought about changing my mind to three, but I kept it where I was. I said two, two and a half. Two and a half. It is, I don't think I would put money on the Colts again anytime soon.


No, so well, so you're calling this a stay away, right? Because you can't, you can't go bears. I really like Ste. I thought he did some weird shit today. Like, first of all, he's in charge of the other coaches, right? So you can take Gus Bradley and be like, yo, what if we just move all our, our guys up and make Malik will try to throw deep. But I, I thought there was some game management stuff that I just didn't agree with. Seahawks in Seattle playing the Dolphins. Which I assume though too for that game. Correct. That thought that's gonna reflect line. So I don't think so. Yeah. Not gonna clear him. Right. That now one week later. Right? I'm gonna say Seahawks by five.


All right. You edge me out again. I said four and a half. It's six and a half. Oof. Pretty high. I'm just, so, I'm, I just can't guess more. I see. Oh, this should be five in the old days, but nobody wins by five anymore. So they'll make it four, right? Well five becomes the appetizer and then it eventually lands at six or four, right? Or four and a half. Do we have to change the Vegas zone to what? Like three and a half to four and a half or something? No, it's four and a half. Five. Five and a half. Because those are all right spreads that never happen. Right? I'm just thinking the way they, now, now you know, we don't see a lot of nine 11 point lines.


Everything seems to be smaller now. Yeah. One Seahawks note that Guy Murphy is really good for them. Yeah. Byron Murphy. Yeah. That rookie nose tackle. He was wreaking havoc in the game today. That was a really nice pick. 49 ERs at the Rams is the last one. And it's a, it's a borderline poop effective cup doesn't play because I don't know who's gonna be catching balls for the Rams, but I have the 49 ERs by three and a half. Get me again. I had three. It's seven. Lemme check this. So they're saying Cup's not playing then this ain't nobody's playing. Yeah, it's seven. I mean shit at that point don't play Stafford.


Right, right. Just give 'em the week off. Just pun on the game, man. That's gonna be a grim Rams game. You're gonna have 40,000 Downers fans there all the Rams who tickets aren't gonna want go. Yikes it. You love that teaser game. You love it. I do. I'm probably gonna tease that one. It was one of those pretty games that make you go, huh? Hmm. This is what the Purdy cri critics have been talking about. Okay. Poop Factora bucks home for the Broncos.


Wow. The Bucks could be three and oh, yep. I I have the bucks by six and a half. Well what do you know? You got it exactly right again. I said seven. I'm on fire. I'm glad we're catching this on YouTube. Yeah, yeah, yeah. We should do a headline like Guy catches fire picking games. Something like that. Yeah. You're on fire. Like, I'm trying to think of a world renowned cheater who would be on fire. But I can't, I can't just escapes me right now. This is always what happens. You always accuse me of week three cheating Bill Belichick's on fire. Put those cameras away.


Packers at the Titans, the Malik Willis revenge game. Malik Willis back to make the Titans Pay. It's like kill Bill three. I don't see how the Titans can ever be favored against anyone. And I'm gonna just say Packers by one. Oh, I'm gonna get one. I'm gonna get one. I said Tennessee by one Tennessee is favored by two and a half. So go ahead and put Malik on a teaser getting eight and a half. Go get it. It would be funny if they asked the coach of the Titans like during the week, what's the guy's name? Brian Callahan. Yeah.


From Callahan Auto Parts. Does does it help you having had Malik here for the last couple years to prepare for this game? And normally the coach is like, well, you know, he's a competitor. But if he was just like, yeah, I mean he's terrible. We watch it day after day after day. Like I can't make a throw. I can't wait to stack the line. We're just gonna destroy him. I have the, the, what the fuck are you doings have to be close by now between Levi and Malik. Coach. Can we see what the fuck are you doing? Rating system like well I have 11 for will this year and coach that's seven for Malik. Even though I never played Coach you big, you put your face in your hands more often.


The last two years, Brown's home for the Giants. Browns could be two in one. I mean that was one of your things with them, right? You liked their schedule. Yeah. I didn't mind them. Especially here. I'm gonna say Browns by six and a half. You're such a dirt bag man. You got it. Exactly. I don't even know why I care anymore. You, it's outta reach. Six and a half is a number. I said five. Yeah. Sometimes true greatness can happen even on a YouTube livestream. Is this gonna be the most, well I don't even think it would be an an overreaction, but whichever quarterback comes up short here, that's, that could be it.


It I I thought you were gonna say whoever goes up three nothing, the game is over. Oh, well that too. Yeah. But if Dimes, if the Dimes can just cup three nothing. It's done. If they're oh three with Dimes and Cleveland can make 'em look bad. But if they're oh and three and if Watson doesn't show up here, there's gonna be a suspicious investigation by midweek. Cleveland's pass Rush was very good today. But that's not why Jacksonville sucked. They suck because they suck Raiders home for the Panthers. So I thought about this, I don't know how the Panthers are getting less than seven points against anyone in the league.


That's not the Giants at this point. Because I was trying to think like if they play Washington, is it, I just don't see, especially on the road. So I have Raiders by seven. You're gonna set a record for how many you got? Exactly. That's, I hit that one. Yeah. Lemme count how many because you won the week. But one, two, I'm doing like the Michael Jordan shrugged. Three magic four, five Marv Albert do hey, five exact picks. Six exact six exact picks. It's crazy for these powers. What could happen when you're staring right at the fan homepage. It's amazing the results.


Sunday Night Chiefs Falcons, somehow we get the Falcons again. Yeah, so I guess chiefs by three and a half. My guess is if the Falcons suck tomorrow, this game's in Atlanta. By the way, if the Falcons suck tomorrow this goes up. But three and a half seem fair. Would you have, this is Vegas. So, and I had it at four. It's four and a half. But yeah, I mean really we have to see if Kirk Cousins can move. I mean Joe House made a compelling case about breaking down his various different types of passes with Kirk Cousins last week. So there, well they had all these stats about how he used to run play action and that.


Like, just all the different ways that they basically made sure he didn't move. Yep. Play action was a big one. Not great. Well, Monday night is a don't get divorce night for some reason. There's two games. I don't know why they decide to do this. I think I like it for the most part, bills Jaguars is the first game that's in Buffalo. I'm gonna not allow myself to bet on this game, but I have the bills by four and a half. It, I had it too. And it's five and a half. I had four and a half also.


Isn't the the second one, the later ones supposed to be the better one or No, there's ones at seven 30, one's at eight 15 kickoff. Jacksonville Buffalo's seven 30 Washington 16. I mean, I would argue they would think they, before the year, they probably thought both of these games were good because the other ones, Cincinnati, Washington with Jaden Daniels. Yeah. Against Burrow. LSU against LSU. Right. You know, if you had just toughed it out at SPN, you would be calling one of these games, whichever The lesser Yeah. If you just had toughed it out nine more years. Yeah. It's wrong with you. I would've loved that. I would've loved. So the NBA short, so Shortsighted Bengals minus five and a half was my last one.


That's what I got too. Gets watched seven and a half. Oof. They kind of have to win that game. They kind of have to win it. That feels like the Houston game today, that it's just gonna be in everybody's, I gotta make my money back. Tease. Yeah. Right. That's why I stayed away from Houston tonight. 'cause I was like, this is, this seems too fishy. And you almost got it. It's turned out they almost didn't get it. Anyway. All right. So I won week three. Oh yeah, you crushed me. Yeah, Cincinnati. I, I, I have Washington as my best bet. Probably the, as luck as I can get on that. 'cause Giants Kicker doesn't go out. They, they win by default. Right. So Yeah. But I, I might, I'm gonna take back all my Jaden Daniels praise for now.


Maybe it could be good. But I mean, he looks like, he looks like Michael Jackson, the Billie Jean Guy. I didn't realize how thin he's just running around back there. Really skinny. Yeah. Like crazy, crazy, stupid, skinny. I don't, after watching him take some of these hits, that he's somebody that doesn't seem like he's built for 17 game season playing the way he's playing. Yeah. That one hit he took, it looked like he was gonna be done for four months. Yeah. And then he came back. So we have, we're forced to watch football differently now, but you have to care about these guys. You just do. Well, meanwhile, Josh Allen's like LeBron, like, I don't even know what scenario he would even get hurt, you know?


Yeah. Like we always said, the joke about LeBron would, his leg would come off and he would just pick it up and go get it and put it back on. I don't, I don't see a lot of Josh Allen like, oh man, what a hit. Oh, he's always doling out the hit. Yep. There you go. Bills fans. Simmons Jinx you. If Josh Allen comes up, I mean, next week mean I like the Bills fans Monday night. There you go. Bills fans are cool. They did a good thing with two this week. Let's do Parent Corner.


Today's Parent Corner is brought to you by Workday. Get the whole band together with Workday and pair finance and HR in one platform for an epic performance with Workday ai. At the core, you'll make confident decisions faster than ever and you'll drive flawless business and finance operations with an agile platform that can cut that consistently and constantly evolves to future-proof your organization. Be a finance and HR rockstar with Workday. Visit Workday dot com to learn more.


What do you got? Let's do it. All right. Okay. So my kid's on this travel baseball team, which is, it's brutal travel baseball because you do travel, you go an hour and 15 minutes and they, they make sure you're never closer than that. And like I said, when you drive out, you pass a thousand diamonds, but it doesn't matter. You're playing on the one that's an hour and 15 or an hour and 45. So when you get these tournaments, they're all Saturday and Sunday. And like, you get the schedule on Thursday and you just don't wanna get stuck with the 8:00 AM You don't want the 6:00 PM game either, but you don't want, you know, and you're waiting for the results. Like, like, like it's from your cardiologist or something. And of course we get the Saturday 8:00 AM game in Irvine, which means practice is at seven, which means we have to leave the house before six, which means we have to wake up closer to 5:00 AM on Saturday to get to kids travel baseball.


There's, there's nothing worse. Unbelievable. I'm getting ptsd. TSD just listening to this. Ah, just backtrack. Okay. Hour here. Hour. Okay. Good. All right. Five o'clock. It's dark for most of the ride. Great. So we do it. The old two older boys want no part of it. So it's me, my wife and Harrison. Right. 10-year-old. Oh, you double parented it. Yeah. Yeah. I have to do the Saturday 'cause I'm not around for the Sunday. Yeah. I'm an absent parent for Sunday because they, they always place them. I'm so surprised she didn't say, you take 'em on Saturday and I'll take 'em Sunday. Well, I guess, yeah, you're right. She's, she, I have to give her credit. I guess I should give her credit more. Yeah. So it. Good parenting by her. Yeah. We, we get there, we spend all day. We win both. We're in the semifinals, so we have to come back Sunday. So now we're driving back, it's about two o'clock and like, all right, we haven't had lunch, and like, where do we wanna go?


And so she's looking at places and like, oh, there's a Umami burger. And we had just made a list of the, the restaurants. We hate that closed by us, umami Burger. And I don't get anything for this. I promise I love Umami Burger. And it's gone. Okay. I'm like, that's great. And then she says to Harrison, like, oh, there's also a Denny's. The fricking Denny's a mile away also went away. So she, he is like, oh, let's go to Denny's. Yeah, let's go to Denny's. I'm like, yeah, fuck. I don't wanna, I don't wanna go to Denny's. I don't wanna go. So I'm driving and and my wife's like, well, do you wanna put Denny's into ways? I'm like, no, I'm not putting, I put Umami Burger into Waze. I'm, I wanna eat that. And she's like, oh, all right. I, I'm like, these kids, they get to make the call for where you eat all the time. I'm like, we woke up at five 15, I want to pick lunch.


You know, like a big fat baby. I'm like, I want my lunch. you can get your lunch. So we go to a mommy burger and he has a burger and he, he loves it. And I was like, will you say this is the best burger we ever had? It makes for a good story on Parent Corner. He is like, no, I won't say that. It's not true. So anyway, it wasn't the best burglary ever had, but it's good. But my point is, parents have to take back our eating decisions. You know, we let our kids bulldoze us for the basic reason that we have fewer meals remaining. We have to pick it. And by the way, you look at me, I'm not, you know, I, I'm, I'm definitely getting whatever meal I want overall. So you can't feel too bad. But do you agree with me?


We let the kids decide too much, even though it's chicken, burgers and pizza all the time. And we just rotate. Parents need to pick the meals. I think you make some great points. Thank you. Parents need to take back the head coaching for meals. This is, this is like, no, I think for a lot of different things. Oh, okay. It's a lot. Like you're asking like, an 8-year-old, what do you wanna do today? Yeah. And it's like, Maybe, you should make the schedule, right? You're the adult. Tell them what to do. I always feel this way, like, you know, you go to like, like some sports bar and they have like 130 things on the menu and like 40 beers on taps. And it's like, what? Why can't you make, just have like some good stuff and you make the decision for me?


What are your three best things? Right? I don't want all this power. Like we're, we do the same thing with eight year olds and 10 year olds. Of course the 10-year-old is gonna say, let's go to Denny's. Yeah. The 10-year-old should have no say, anyway, let's go to Dairy Queen. Especially when you're leaving at five in the morning to get your 10-year-old. Wherever they have, you need to. I, I have so many different possible parent corners, but I think all of them would get me in trouble. Really. There's nothing about AAMI Burger. So, all right, here's one Burger. So I do like AAMI Burger. I thought that was a good call. I mean, the most exciting thing was Foga to Chow reaching out to us after we mentioned them to Oh, they did, right?


Yeah, yeah, yeah. What does that mean? We don't want anything for Foga to chow either. We just want, we just want all legal liability. If Brad, if Brad dies, if Foggo to Chow, we don't wanna be hard responsible. So, you know when, when your kids, like, as they're growing up, they're on your apps, you know, like they're on, they're on your Uber, potentially they're on your Postmates, they're on Caviar, whatever is, they're tied to there. 'cause they're not old enough to have their own thing. So my daughter's in college and she's still on like my Starbucks and my Postmates and my Caviar and the Starbucks.


I, she's probably there twice a day and for some reason didn't get her own Starbucks. And I'll just see these things and my Starbucks all of a sudden I have like $8 left on my Starbucks. I'm like, what the fuck? And she's just charging stuff constantly. But when I was with her a couple weeks ago, we, we got Starbucks, she's like, I'll order it. So then, you know, they get the drinks, she's like, I've got two drinks for Bill. And she's like, yeah, that's me. And I'm like, so you're, you're ordering the drinks and then you're saying you're Bill, but it's you and you're, and she's like, yeah, you know, they all know me as Bill here. And I'm like, this is insane.


So I made her get her on Starbucks, but then she also had I think caviar and sometimes what the hell was What's Caviar? What is that? Caviar was like a Postmates thing. There's a couple different ones. Oh, okay. But she, it's a, isn't it like one of the DoorDash or Caviar, whatever. It's, it's called Caviar. Okay. But anyway, you know, she's in college, so I'll get these things, I'll get these emails like, your pizza, ADA's pizza is five nice minutes away. It's like two in the morning East Coast. I'm like, oh my God, her boyfriend must have wanted pizza. So my big, I finally was like, that's it. You gotta get your own stuff. Like, just tie it to your I I'm out.


I don't wanna know what you're ordering from Caviar. You're not on my Starbucks anymore. You don't get to be Bill. It's time. You're, you turn 19. It's time for you to have your own name on the apps. Me Bill, please. Lemme Bill. She's send me Bill for five more minutes. So anyway, she got her own Starbucks and now she's forging her own identity with her own names on the apps. What is your wife think of that? Because it it is a good way to track them though. It is. I I get that part of it. Yeah, it is. I I did think of that part, but it's way more annoying to see that somebody ordered pizza or, you know, whatever at two in the morning. Yeah. I won't know. That's Yeah, I guess so. Alright. Right. Well they were both, I have food related, both are parent corners.


I wanna go dark web parent corner for some of the stuff with both of my kids at this point. But I pretty much all of it would get me in trouble. So I can't, you're at the best parent corner her age. That 10 to 11 is the best. I have the 10-year-old that doesn't listen. Yeah. So it's fine. Doesn't listen to me. And he doesn't listen to the podcast. So it's good. It's funny that your wife is still putting in this kind of time with them when now that she knows from, from your oldest son when he turns 17, he's gonna have no time forever again. You know what, I, I hadn't thought of that. You should mention that to her, that that's a good thing. I'm gonna mention it, but you're putting in all this time with Harrison. Archie was home for three months and he said 10 words to you. That's it. We didn't see him. Well that might be why she's trying to do it.


You know, making up for lost time, but I'm not doing it. Every Rudy Tootie, fresh and fruity. What is the Denny's thing? Or is that the Grand Slam? Rudy Fresh and Fruity is ihop. You don't know you're on caviar. Did caviar become controversial? I dunno, I I've just trying to make a Denny story. if you said IHOP instead of Denny's, would you have been more excited? I think I would've a little bit. They said kinda syrups ihop. Yeah, IHOPs. Good. We gotta take back our orders. You literally took back your order with the bill and the Starbucks. Well, like if you'd done like a Waffle House type of place, that would've been the win. Yeah. Yeah. Not a lot of those in Irvine. Yeah. Denny's needs a rehab. All right.


That's it for Parent Corner. Thanks again to Workday for sponsoring this segment. Be a finance and HR rockstar with Workday. To learn more, visit Workday do com. Anything else before we go? No, that's it. You wanna talk about James baby Doll Dixon robbing our cousin. Oh yeah. You know, I mean, I'm wearing the Jimmy Kimmel alive hat. They lost again. They finally got Well, but why'd they lose? What g what was the reason this time? There's a specific reason. Let's give some background. So John Oliver won what, 63 years in a row and then he wast eligible for the award. Right. So Guy, they changed it so that he was like, they moved him to the category he should have been in, which was like with Saturn Live and all these weekly shows.


Yeah. Opening the door for our cousin to finally win an Emmy. Right. In comes John Stewart, who our cousin joked about during his presentation today. John Stewart wins. John Stewart. We love John Stewart. But one day a week is not four or five days a week. And John Stewart wins Now John Stewart. Well, the Daily show wins. Which is the of Right. Exactly. But how did, but how did this John Stewart thing happen? Is the big is John Stewart was happy smoking gun, happy milking goats or whatever he was doing in upstate New York on farm. He's on a farm. He's just like, that's it. Making, making healthy cheese. Yeah, he was, he was like churning butter. Whatever he was doing, you know, more than enough money. Didn't eat anyone any money.


Heirlooms. Yeah. Everything. And comes baby doll. And what does he say? No, I can get you back on tv. Comedy, central baby doll's. Like they're, they're gonna give us the daily show, baby. We're gonna run this whole thing. You only have to be on Monday nights. We're gonna make so much money, baby. It's gonna be amazing. The election cycle. Yeah. And John Stewart, he's wearing like an apron. He's milking cows. He's milking goats. He's got no wifi. He is got no internet. You have to go. You have to go visit him. Just have a conversation. No caviar. You ask that guy older. Caviar. Caviar. He no apps. Yeah. Then he has no, he's throwing away a suits. He doesn't have any suits anymore and baby doll shows up and within two months he's back on tv.


And guess who wins The Emmy. John Baby Doll and John Stewart. Baby Doll's. Executive Producer too. Right? Greedy. Greedy. Effer pretends to be our friend on Texas. How many houses are enough and everything gets, yeah. How many country clubs are enough? The answer 14 is not the answer. Still he's got more than that. Thanks baby doll. Anyway. Our cousin didn't win the Emmy. Yeah, because Baby Doll next year, wait till next year, baby doll. He had three of the four people in the category because Colbert right. Seth Myers was the only one who doesn't have, and he's probably gonna sign him tomorrow. I'll get Seth. Seth was the one who got away, baby. Don't worry, I'm not done with him.


Seth knows. Seth knows we're gonna work together at some point. Yeah. Alright Sal, what do you got to plug? That's it. Through The. Ringer With Tate, I have Against All Odds with the fellas, the D three cousin Sal's Winning Weekend and The Ringer pregame show. It's a lot of fun. Hit my best bet, hit my underdog. Play of the day and not a dime the show for it. The. Ringer Pregame show is fantastic. And the good thing if you go on YouTube tv Yeah. And you subscribe to it, then it just shows up in your library. It tapes it automatically. It's really great. You go to pops up, right? YouTube TV's really good. Anyway. Yeah, Sal as always, good job you. Good job by you buddy. Alright, that's it for the podcast.


Thanks to Cousin Sal. Thanks to Steve Sar and Kyle Creighton for producing. As always, don't forget you can find clips and full episodes of this podcast on the Bill Simmons YouTube channel. New rewatch wills. Come in Monday. Stay tuned for that and I will see you in this feed on Tuesday.


Must be 21 plus in President Select states for Kansas and affiliation with Kansas Star Casino, or 18 plus in President dc. Gambling problem, call 100 gambler. Visit rg-help.com. Call 1 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org/chat in Connecticut. Or visit md gambling help.org in Maryland. Hope is here. Visit gambling helpline ma.org or call 803 2 7 50 50 for twenty four seven. Support Massachusetts, or call 1 8 7 7 8 Hope ny or Text HOPE NY in New York.


This episode is brought to you by LinkedIn. When you're a small business owner, every new hire needs to make an immediate impact. Like Xavier worthy already making a big difference with the Chief Speedy guy, find a player you can be confident with LinkedIn Jobs as the world's largest professional network. LinkedIn gives you access to more than a billion professionals With the unique skills and experience you need every minute eight candidates are hired on LinkedIn. So hire professionals like Professional on LinkedIn to post your job for free, go to LinkedIn dot com slash simmons. That's LinkedIn dot com slash simmons. Post your job for free terms and in conditions.