
The Ringer Sunday Pregame show is my favorite Sunday morning show. You can watch it on YouTube TV, just subscribe to it on YouTube TV. It pops up at 11:00 AM et 8:00 AM pt. You can watch it on FanDuel tv. You can watch it on FanDuel's Fast channel as well. JJ Raheem House cousin Sal for an hour and a half. Breaking down all the games that are about to to happen in the NFL on Sundays. Special guests, I pop on there from time to time playoffs. Were blowing it out. We're gonna be Saturday, Sunday, the first two weeks. We're gonna be live in LA on Saturday and Sunday in round one. So be ready. The Ringer Sunday pre-game show. Subscribe, follow, check it out.


This episode is brought to by Uber Eats it's football season and Uber Eats is dropping undefeated deals on all your game day favorites this week. Score buy one, get one free six piece boneless wings from Buffalo Wild Wings now on Uber Eats. And if you're craving even more, we've got you covered with game day deals. I'm pizza, burgers, tacos and more All season long. Uber Eats official on-demand food delivery. Partner of the NFL. Order now for game day terms Taxes and fees apply. See app for details.


This episode is brought to you by Michelob ULTRA, wherever you like to watch the game at the arena of the bar home, wherever. Enjoy every moment of the NBA season with an ice cold Michelob ULTRA. And you know, we've done some stuff with them, so they'll send me the Michelob ULTRA, I'll put it in the fridge. It's really interesting what happens. People come over, they want a beer, they go, oh, Michelob ULTRA. Or, I've never tried one of these. I've heard you talked about it. A hundred percent approval rating every single time. Keep it nice and cold. It's delicious. There's only one way to watch your favorite teams drop buckets. And that's with a bucket. Michelob ULTRA stuck up on Michelob ULTRA for the NBA season. Michelob ULTRA, a superior light beer. Enjoy responsibly copyright 2024 Anheuser-Busch Michelob ULTRA Registered Light Beer, St. Louis, Missouri.


We're also brought to by The Ringer Podcast Network. Put up a new re watchable on Monday night. We did Home Alone two, A classic Christmas movie. We did that on Spotify as a video podcast. So you can watch it on Spotify. You can watch on the Ringer Movies YouTube channel as well. You can watch a lot of the clips and videos from this podcast on the Bill Simmons YouTube channel. Hope you had an awesome holiday. The sports was really fun. We were about to talk about all the basketball and the rest of the million dollar picks, which we did a little early batch me and House on Tuesday for YouTube only. Probably should have, probably should have given more of a heads up on that. But we wanted to get some Christmas picks in. We did really well. And now we're gonna keep the magic going later in this podcast after we talk hoops after the very top.


I'm gonna talk about this Jimmy Butler Miami situation for a second. And then last but not least, my daughter who always comes on near the end of every year to do her Teen Culture Awards. And it's a bittersweet year because she's coming on and this is the last year we're doing teen culture because this is the last holiday. She's gonna be a teenager. She turns 20 next year. So we had a lot of stuff to cover. It was very, very fun. We actually did it as a video video piece this year too, which you'll eventually be able to watch on the Bill Simmons YouTube channel. Along with all the other stuff we're doing on here. It's all next first. Our friends from Pearl Jet Recording this Thursday mid-afternoon.


It's after I had already recorded the rest of the podcast, but something happened with Miami Heat and Jimmy Butler that I had to mention here at the Top house. And I had talked about Jimmy little bit later. We took out the part that isn't relevant anymore because Pat Riley came out and he said definitively the Miami heater not traded. Jimmy Butler, he's going to be on this team for the rest of the season. Came out and said it, put it out in a statement so people could read it. We don't see NBA teams do this that often, but I think it speaks to a bigger picture thing that we've discussed on this podcast a couple times now this month with this new first apron, second apron and how much harder it is to do trades. The NBA is starting to look a lot more like the NFL.


It is so much harder to deal somebody during the season than it used to be, which is what RI said. We're not dealing during the season. We'll figure it out during the off season Butler's 48 million and then $52 million player option next year. Which odds are he's gonna, he's gonna exercise because nobody has cap space this summer. The only team is Brooklyn. He's gonna go to Brooklyn, they're gonna be rebuilding and just sign Jimmy Butler. I mean it's conceivable. I just wouldn't bet on it. And Pat Riley is, is looking big picture and looking at an NBA that now operates way more like the NFO, where it's way harder just to do big complicated deals. And he didn't like the deals that were out there and they clearly kicked the tires with a bunch of teams.


Houston I think came out and said they weren't interested. I think they're holding up for Darren Fox, which house and I talk about in a second. But you go around like Golden State, what's the point of them trading for Jimmy Butler? They're not even really a contender right now. And they're gonna give up all these assets so they can try to be the fifth best team in the West on a very short window. I'm not doing that if I'm, if I'm Golden State, you know, I'm sure Phoenix would talk about Bradley Beal for Jimmy Butler, but why would Miami wanna turn Jimmy Butler into Bradley Beal? Why would they wanna do any of these trades? They already have somebody who, when he's pissed off and playing, well, he's the top 30 guy, they're not just gonna take more contracts. You know, you go around the league like, what if Sacramento wanted to make some crazy bid for him with De Rosen and Kegan Murray in a first round pick?


Well, you know, do do, do you want the Rosens contract for the next couple years after what we've seen from him this season? So you just look through the league and you can't find the trade. And I think that was the situation Miami was in. Houston was the one team that made sense And it just didn't seem like they were interested in him. So I think Riley's trying to flip this. The narrative is so strong that's something was gonna happen that he went the other way and he was like, no, he's gonna be here the whole season. So now Jimmy knows he can't go anywhere. So if he could really just blow this up now that's not great for him. That's gonna make teams less, less excited to sign him this summer. It could veer the other way. Where now Jimmy's like, well if I'm gonna be here, I might as well make the best of it.


He could start playing better. Other stuff might happen. There might be some teams, some star might get hurt, some situation might go sideways. And then Miami in the early February can go, Hey listen, we didn't think we were gonna trade him. We thought he was gonna be here all year. But then this offer happened and, and they cover their bases. But Pat Riley, he's, you know, he's, I think he's late seventies, early eighties now. It's like that old Seinfeld joke when old people are just like, fuck it. And they just start backing outta the driveway. And they don't, they don't care if somebody's coming. I'm backing outta the driveway here I come. Pat Riley's been at this point for a while and it's really fun to watch somebody like that run an NBA team. He had obviously had it with these Butler trade rumors and, and just was like, You know what?


There's no good trade for this guy. We're keeping him. Here's my statement. And it was old school and I kind of loved it. But this soap opera is probably not over, I'm guessing. Anyway, we are now throwing to me and Joe House talking basketball at million dollar picks and I'll be wearing a different shirt. You can look forward to that. Alright, we're taping this. It is 10 30 Pacific Time Joe House this year. It's a strip down BS podcast this week, you know, two pods this week we did something for YouTube. We put some million dollar picks up there. Lot of sports yesterday during Christmas Day. How'd you handle the family Christmas day? How to consume sports while also pretending to be a family member part of Christmas?


Well, the nice thing is my family tradition, we get together with my parents and the house we grew up with. Yeah, I grew, been with my brothers, my sister. I've stayed In the attic of that house many times. You have. And so we just do that the first part of the day. So we were done by kickoff. One o'clock. Yeah. And when we got home, my wife and, and my kid wanted to play with his stuff. My wife went right back to bed. And so I was left alone to watch whatever I wanted to watch. I had full control of, of the dial with Netflix. Great job. Netflix, Not great job by the games, but The, The broadcast was fine. And then NBA had a really good day. I was thinking though the Wimpy Knicks game was so good and I was just thinking big picture about, you know, there's been so much, what's wrong with the NBA stuff?


And some of it's founded, some of it's stuff we've been complaining about forever. And then some of it is real issues, which is basically how do you find these under 30 American stars that people are gonna give a shit about. Like they care about Steph and LeBron. And yet the Steph LeBron thing last night was the solution and the problem at the same time. Because it was the same thing for the Olympics too, right? It was awesome watching those guys. Hey, the old guys look at it, they still got it, but it's still coming at the expense of everybody else. Like even yesterday, it's in that eight o'clock, it's in the, it's in the best spot. It's after football's over and that's the signature game. And it's basically two 500 teams. And it's guys that have been in the league since 2003 and 2009 respectively.


And yet OKC wasn't on Christmas day. Giannis wasn't on Christmas day. Weby was buried at the beginning of the day. And this is like, you're kind of doing this to yourself, but at the same time, I get it because Stephan LeBron was awesome. So I don't really know what the answer is. It's like you could, you could go glass half full glass, half empty on it. But the fact that the Steph LeBron game was so good and sucked up so much oxygen from the day is actually kind of part of the problem. Well this is the, the, the sort of predicament for the rest of the season. I mean, this is what happens when you're in a transition moment. And the most resonant stars, and this is the, the, the Olympics really, you know, validates the idea of putting those guys on the main stage.


'cause the Olympics were effing incredible, right? Those last two games, the semifinals and the finals were incredible. And it was because of those guys. So if you wanna let them have their, you know, their, their retirement journey, which is really what we're on. I, I think with LeBron and you know, this is probably it. He Looks better since the eight day sabbatical. Well, he got the who, who wouldn't Curry looked great. Yeah. Well you say this is the journey we on though, like, I still go back and I talked about this a couple weeks ago, but like the Olympics are a chance to showcase some of the younger guys and give them some new memories that they can, they can make a foundation of our experience with them as superstars. And yet that those moments went to the old guys Christmas, still going to the old guys.


And I, I just think they're stuck in the middle. I remember when we were in college in the early nineties, this transition felt a lot more organic to the MJ Barkley, Hakeem Drexler, all the, all the Stockton and Malone, Sean Kemp, gp. It just felt like it was organically shifting generations. It doesn't feel as organic this time around. Well, only because we don't have an American superstar that's jumping up and grabbing the ring. The, the guy that's jumped up and grabbed the ring is effing weby know he served notice 12 noon Madison Square Garden. Yep. Christmas Day. Welcome to, you know, the, the, the world. Like we, we, everybody's been talking about Weby last season, this season.


He keeps having these, you know, inspiring milestone performances right outta the gate. And yet, you know, the mothereffer was flopping on Monday. I know. We Gotta, We gotta send him. Joe and B got kicked out. I know. And Drummond got kicked out and Drummond got pulled back in the game. I mean, if we're gonna, you know, we need a guy who's gonna come out and kick ass and and, and not fall over when the wind blows. Well, he is French. That's part of the problem. It's literally part of the problem. Well, Wendy, I was talking about this with Van and a couple other people on text this week. Weby has two things going against him that historically has not been great for somebody really captivating the American public.


One, he's tall, tall people in our lifetime. It's never really totally worked. It's hard to identify with centers, you know, it's, it's why Shaq Shaq's a one of one. Yeah. But even Shaq, we were there in the nineties. Shaq was pretty polarizing in the nineties. Right. People were, well, Pete, he was a huge superstar. He Put up huge stats, but It took a while. Charismatic. I mean, he Was, but it took a while. I really feel like it was the three eight Lakers titles that was like, all right, Shaq's arrived. But remember there was like the 96 Olympics, like some of the movies he did, some of the rap albums. Like he the Lakers under sheet. It was all good stuff. Maybe I'm, I Know, but but did you feel like he was, was the most popular guy in the league?


I didn't like it was mjs league and then MJ retired and we were like, who's gonna be next? And I don't think anyone thought the answer was Shaq. Well, you know, Shaq understood this, which is why he went to LA and it was Shaq and Kobe and that was an name. Right. An unbelievable era. Yeah. But that, the point is Shaq, so Shaq's probably become the closest, but it's usually a perimeter guy. Sure. That becomes, that's why like the AJ Desa anyway, the, the Weby thing, he's got that and he is got the foreign thing, which is another huge thing. You know, we've, we've never really seen a foreign guy become captivate this country. We could see worldwide it might be great. Who Is the most popular? Who would you say is the most popular?


We've some great ones. I mean, I mean you're the, you're the historian. Well, Hakeem I think was the best foreign player of all time. Right? Okay, sure. Dirk. Yeah, right there. Giannis is in there. Yoic, Yeah. Yes. Yeah. None of them were face of the leagues. Yo right now is on the best offensive heater this decade of anyone in a long time. And nobody, I mean, part of that is he's not Mr. Personable, but yeah, it'll be interesting to see with Weby, we've just never seen it. Like we, we've watched a lot of centers come into the league since we've loved this league. Walton was probably that one and we were kids when that happened. But when Walton and the Blazers that felt like, it felt like he was the face of the league for a year.


But Kareem never resonated. We watch ing come in, it just kind of never happened for him. He also wasn't like amazingly fun to watch. Right. Samson had a blip and then it just wasn't gonna happen with him. And you go on and on. It just centers are tough. Quite Howard Yow. Yeah. Well Yow was incredible and Beloved, you know, by Ggl, He global. Yeah. Globally. He became great. Yeah. I think what the, the thing that I'll tilt it for Weby is if he keeps just having crazy games like the one yesterday And it Just have these 40 point 10 block and like he's in the playoffs and you know, he's putting up like 40 15.


If it's just stuff we've never seen before, that might actually work, but it's gonna take a while And It needs to be on that national stage. You know, we had them as we I think Did you go under for them before you I went under, yeah. I went under, I just, we, you know, I, I look at that roster even today still say under like there is, it's, there aren't guys on that roster that make me say, oh yeah, this is a 500 team that's gonna be threatening for the, you know, they're gonna be in the play in mix and they're gonna be potentially fighting for an eight seed. I look at that roster and I don't get there. They're an 11 seed, but they're 15 and 15 in a really hard conference. Right. And there's a feistiness. They play defense.


They play defense. That's true. They Have, they have a guy who's not afraid of whoever the other team's star is. And I, I'm prepared to chalk that up to a loss. That San Antonio thing. I think they'll get over 35. And they also, there's trade possibilities with them too. You know, they, I mean there was a lot of the Darren Fox stuff started last weekend. It really should have started a month ago. You know, he's, this year s he's a free agent after next year. The team feels like the, the, the Rosen thing just, it's not happening. They Tried. So he started thinking of Fox. And the Fox stuff is so much more enticing for teams like Houston and San Antonio than Jimmy Butler. Jimmy Butler's 35.


He's been unhappy the whole year. Fox is a different animal. Like that's like if you're Houston and you could turn Fred Van Wheat and your picks and Terry Easton and Fox, like you're doing it. If you're San Antonio and you have a chance to add Fox to your mix and you think you can resign him and put him with Weby and Castle and some of your swings and you just give up the, the trove you have, like you, you're probably thinking about that. But this is to get a top 15 guy who's a point guard who's in his prime. This is about as interesting of a trade piece as we've had. Not counting like when Durant suddenly becomes available, but a younger guy on his way up. Like, I don know you thinking for DC you trade all your picks. No five picks at Jordan Pool plus seven swaps.


Oh No, no. That makes no sense whatsoever. And I also really sort of wonder about Fox to San Antonio because it's like, where, where are you? Where is it? Where do you get this season? Where are you next season? It's, it's a decade play. Yeah. It's not a, this season play as much as we now have a guy, we need a, we need a perimeter guy, preferably a guard. Somebody who can handle his business, run the team, play off one B, who's like a clear awesome number two, I mean Fox is about, he's a top 20 player that's about as good of a number two as you're gonna get. Right. And he is available potentially. If I was the Kings, I wouldn't trade 'em. I'd be like, no, we're, we're not.


We're keeping you. Sorry. And that makes more sense, honestly, because they're, they're still right in the thick of things playoff wise. I mean, you know for sure. Well they have a, they have a DeRozan issue though. I I think they, they might've bought a car that they might've, the a ter was turned back on. Happens sometimes. It was like, oh, I thought this car had 95,000 miles on it and maybe it was 195,000. Where are we? I don't mean to derail it. Where are we this week in Jimmy Butler? I think he'd been, I think he'd be gone already if there was a trade. I just don't think there's a trade. And that the most notable thing that seems to have happened the last couple, maybe the last week or so, is that Houston doesn't seem interested in him.


Hmm. Like they're like, we're good. Hmm. That is interesting. So, 'cause Washington is out there auditioning players, unis, brogden, cocksman can't get on the floor. Yeah. KI Don't Kuzma being in any trade rumors is hilarious. You've been watching him. I Don't, I don't know what his trade value is, but I'm guessing it's low. No, it's, it's, it's high because he has an incredible contract. He was like, You know what, just a few years, 20 million bucks. It sounds great man. It's an incredible contract that he signed. So he's very valuable if you can get a version out of him and get him to, to be committed to playing, playing basketball, if you can get a version Outta him that hasn't existed for two years.


Yes. So The Warriors have been mentioned with Butler and I just, I don't know what the point is house, because I just don't know if that's making a huge difference for them. You could talk yourself in a Curry, Draymond, a Butler, the old guys, let's make a run. But I, I just think the league's too good. They started out strong. They've gone the other way. They have a lot of like tradable pieces that have the minutes are all over the place. Buddy healed now all of a sudden scores five points a game. Zeki is in the same asset. So I, I don't, I don't know why Miami would want their stuff or wanna pay Minga however much. I don't know what else you had. You had under for them, right? I had under for them. And it's because, you know, they, they had pieces that they added in the off season that were supposed to create depth and you know, Melton got hurt and Yeah.


But none of the pieces really moved the needle. Oh, buddy Hillel is only, it's, it's a shocker Buddy. Hillel's only averaging five points. Right. Like he couldn't stick in in, in, in Philly. Two different things. Philly needs. Yeah, Philly needs a guy that could score from the perimeter. I feel like the Golden State situation, you know, it requires what we got with the Christmas game, which was Steph Curry scoring eight points in 26 seconds and Right. And then they lose on a layup. And it wasn't just like a hard F reeve. It was ole, it was ole defense I got. Right. Tough. Come on. Really tough. Come on. Ton. So they're where they are. Yeah. And there's a, I think we talked about this before the air, when we were trying to figure out unders with the west.


There were so many good teams. Some teams were just gonna end up not being happy. And right now it's Sacramento and it's Golden State and San Antonio's a little better than we thought. Denver's a little worse than we thought. Minnesota's a little worse than we thought, but we knew it was gonna be some, the NFL was way more easy to figure out this year I think than the NBA the Celtics. You went under. I went over and I am not going to overreact to anything with the Celtics yet. You were on it a little more about how hard it is to repeat. That was part of your under case, right? Just, just in terms of like bringing that energy. They, there was, you know, all their core guys went to the Olympics except for Jalen Brown who wasn't invited.


Yeah. But you know, like going from the finals to the Olympics Yeah. To an NBA regular season and 58 wins in this era is still like excellent. So if they win 58 games, yeah. And they certainly can. I still win my bet at 58 and a half or 59 and a half, whatever the, the total was. But it's just hard. It's a slog. And I don't begrudge them, you know, sort of going through peaks and valleys over the course of a regular season. Knock on wood, there'll be plenty healthy come April. And really the only thing that was interesting to me in terms of a regular season outcome is like, is Tatum gonna put himself into that MVP conversation? Is this the right moment for that even? Yeah, Well, so glass half full, Tatum and Brown are healthy athletically.


Physically they seem great. Brown's little hero Bali this year. Their shooting stats are down with him a little. I haven't loved that. There's little stuff I don't love, but nothing I'm super concerned about. Like, they lost Orlando on Monday night. This depleted zombie magic team. Orlando played great. I watched the game like the Celtics tried hard. They played well. Orlando just played awesome. They made big shots. They, they were super feisty. They were really fighting And it was a really good game. It was an okay loss. The Philly game yesterday, that was Philly treated like a game seven. They came in, they really wanted to prove something. They couldn't have played harder and the Celtics couldn't match it.


And you know, I'm not, I'm not worried about that either. I think whites has been the same all month. Holiday was hurt. Ingas keeps getting these dumb little injuries. Pritchard sometimes just doesn't show up yesterday. He sucked. I'm not gonna really evaluate the Celtics team until the West Coast trip next month. That's one we'll know. All right. Next's one, we'll we'll have a feeling for them. I don't love that they're four back from the Cavs, but, but yeah that's, so those are the big NBA storylines to me is just Milwaukee's better. Like Milwaukee I think has moved back into contender ish kind of feeling. Denver clearly needs to do something and I don't know what the fix is for them.


Phoenix, I guess is the one kind of what's going on with this team that we thought was a contender. And I just, they, it just seems like they have the worst centers in the league and they can't keep these guys in the same court. But, but for the most part, I don't, I don't think there's been any, any major surprises this year other than Minnesota being as bad as, as they've been even though they won yesterday. Yeah. And they, they may figure it out. They won yesterday. 'cause you know, Luca went out and the, when he went out and he's gonna be out for an extended stretch, which is not concerning. But you know, in the west, the thing that, that makes it super hard for the teams we're talking about your Lakers, your Denver, your Golden State Warriors, your Minnesota Timberwolves is the early good performance by Memphis.


The early good performance by the Clippers and the and Houston someone in exactly our anticipated, we all liked Houston. I'm surprised. Did anybody take the Houston over as a lock? You? I think you and Illa both did. Oh, great job by Us. So yeah, the surprises were Houston, Memphis Clippers and then just San Antonio being a 500 team. I'm still not, if it's okay, I'm still a little dubious of the Clippers. They're only 17 and 13. I mean It's okay. Yeah. They're only 17 and 13 and they put a lot on Harden. I also think the way the NBA did this NBA cup schedule combined with the Christmas schedule, which hey newsflash, I'm gonna criticize the NBA again.


I just think they've completely mangled all of this. Like why aren't there Christmas Eve games? Why are they just punting on a day where there's no sports? Why are they punting on these days when there's clearly no sports? When instead of like they load up the Monday, there's like 14 games on Monday, you can't even watch 'em keep track anything. And then Tuesday, nothing. But It's weird 'cause Christmas Eve is like such an underrated night. I went out to dinner, the place we went to was effing popping. Right. It was butts to nuts packed from one when you walked in the bar is packed. Like people wanna be out and and a and the NBA a game. Right. Have a couple games, games A bar, super fun to go with your family, you know, go with your family to an NBA game and then then dinner, whatever.


Yeah. It's kinda weird. Yeah. So the reason I bring that up with the Clippers, the way they've structured this December thing, I think it's been good for the old guys. You know, like people like LeBron Harding Curry, you're not playing like four and seven, you're not playing five and eight, you're not, you're not having these back to backs. You're not nursing these little injuries because you're not playing that much basketball. But now we're about to hit this stretch, especially when we get to January where the schedule just gets really hard and it's gonna advantage the young guys that's gonna advantage the team like San Antonio that has Weby and Castle and Bassell and all these young dudes. And I think it's gonna hurt a team like the Clippers 'cause the amount of, the amount of offensive responsibility they're putting on Harden.


I don't know if it's sustainable once we get into these 16 games in 29 days kind of territory before February. So I'm watching that. I think it's good for teams like Oklahoma City, Houston, Memphis, even a team like the Celtics that are built around two younger guys. Cleveland, you know, but then you look at a team like Orlando 19 and 12, but really depleted. And once you're depleted and you get into these schedule things kind of a nightmare. Milwaukee it's good for, 'cause Giannis is an alien. Atlanta it's good for, 'cause they're built around all these young guys. Indiana a team that we bet on earlier this week. I think it's good for them. So anyway, I would, I would watch out.


If you had to pick a finals, who would it be? Boston, Oklahoma City. I Haven't see it enough. Yeah. I don't wave it on that either To move off of it. Yeah. Any, did Philly do anything yesterday that in that intrigued you big picture? Or do you just, you're just not gonna take it seriously? No, I, I do take it seriously And it does intrigue me. They're like fighting hard to get an identity and that level of, of like competitiveness that they showed against the Celtics was promising stage. It was good. Yeah. Yeah. Seven and three over there last 10. They're still, they differential still isn't great, but they're, you know, still, yeah. Minus four net differential. But they're like, they're pushing in the right direction. If they could just get, you know, two of those three guys healthy for a stretch of time.


All, all, every time all three of them play. It's, it's an, an absolute bonus. But I, they're headed towards, I could see them rip something off in January, be right around 500 and then as like February turns into March, there are a couple games above. And then they're like a real formidable playoff though. Well, we'll see because they have, I mean they have a pretty, they have a, we, they have a West Coast trip coming up and then a whole bunch of games in January. I mean they just, in January from January 1st to the 19th, they have 11 games. And that's not counting two games at the end of December too. So, you know, the way they're constructed, there's no way Ed's gonna play more than half of those games, I would assume. Right. I'm sure love, I don't love what I've seen from Paul George.


I'd like to throw my voice into that chorus. Just doesn't look as comfortable. I, he doesn't seem a hundred percent healthy to me, so I wanna wait a month on that. But competitively they looked really good. I, the k Martin is just like a Celtics killer at this point. I don't know what what it is about Boston, but he rises to the occasion on it. So their season looked dead. Now they're 11 and 17. The problem for them is they have no room for error. That's right. You know, no more margin for error at all. Yeah. Like that. Like one more maxi three week ankle sprain or MBI goes out for a month and all of a sudden you're looking at like the 10th playoff spot. 'cause there's teams like Chicago and Detroit haven't really gone away. And I don't know if those are trade teams or not.


Everyone thinks Chicago is, but I don't, they're not gonna be able to trade Levine who's taking Levine at that money. And he's Playing hard. Somebody desperate enough. Somebody desperate enough. So maybe it's Cevi. Sure. Yeah. I mean it'll, you know, I'm trying to think how they could hurt themselves. It would be trading one of those two guys. You're Denver and Golden States, right? Tho those kinds of situations where it's like one last gasp, let's see if we can do it. Or, or maybe the Lakers, if the Lakers keep scuffling around 500, They, they still have that one trade piece with the, with the pits. That's the 2020 thing. Thing that's a little different with the Lakers is Max Christie, who looked like a zero. He's actually been pretty good for them for the last couple weeks.


He's been okay. He's been passable. They can play him in crunch time. He might actually make an open shot. He can play defense a little bit, but it's, it's something they didn't have a month ago. Anyway. All right. That's our NBA airport. We're gonna take a break, come back with a million dollar picks.


Sometimes a basketball 30 points could be worth more than 30 points. And now you can get a 30% profit boost from The Ringer with Fando 30 on 30 during Friday's NBA action. We're teaming up with America's number one sports book to give you a 30% profit boost when you either pick a point or score more than 30 points or bet on our new exclusive 30 on 30 special markets. Like any game, just go nuts and looking at Friday's slate, I always tweet my picks on my Twitter account on Friday because I like to look on Friday morning, see whose plans, see what the matchups are. You can join me ride my picks. Or just make your own look for 30 on 30 in the FanDuel SPORTSBOOK app or head to FanDuel dot com slash bs for your chance to score a bigger pay this Friday. Don't miss your chance to find out how much more 30 can be worth with Fanduels 30 on 30. And speaking of FanDuel, don't forget about The Ringer Sunday pre-game show on FanDuel TV and FanDuel Fast channel and on YouTube TV anyway. You must be 21 plus in President select states or 18 plus in president dc. Opt-in required bonus issued as Nora. But Profit Bo tokens restrictions apply including any token expiration of max wager amount C terms@sportsbook.fan.com Game problem Call win hundred gambler or visit rg-help.com.


This episode is brought to by Uber Reserve. You know, it's a game changer for travel. Booking my ride in advance to the airport with Uber Reserve. Uber Reserve makes it easy to plan my whole trip. I just did this. Booking rides up to 90 days in advance to help squeeze the most outta traveling. Especially if you're doing odd hours rush hours like early in the morning, you gotta do it. Plus, with Uber Reserve you'll get an assigned driver, you get upfront pricing and you get extra wait time included. So go ahead plan like a pro. Reserve your Uber ride up to 90 days in advance. See app for details.


Alright. Million dollar picks. We're already up house. We won $300,000 on Christmas Day thanks to the Ravens. Merry Christmas and thanks to the Chiefs. And we still have a Seahawks bed. We're taping this before the Seahawks game, but we have a Seahawks bet with Baltimore minus nine and a half adjusted in the Seattle money line. Those plus three 12. So we could be up another like 150 5K after. Mm tonight. I like some of the games this week. I know you already did Ringer Gambling show. I didn't hear it yet 'cause it's not up. But the big game and the hardest one to figure out in a while, and I think the most even great matchup we've had all season is this Vikings Packers game in Minnesota and the Vikings, it's, it's around one, one and a half right now.


It's Vikings one and a half. You can make really strong cases for each team. I think there's a lot of public kind of love and affection for the Packers right now, which would make me a little nervous for them. Green Bay lost to them earlier in the year. And Green Bay is 10 and two in the last 12 weeks with two Detroit losses. And people are leaning Green Bay in this house and we have to treat it like a playoff game means more to Minnesota. 'cause if they can win this, they beat Detroit next week. They're the one seed, right. Green Bay's pretty locked into the five or six seed. Not sure it matters.


Where are you leaning on this one? I'm, I'm, I'm inclined to look at that Green Bay side mainly because of just how effective they've looked on both sides of the ball their defense has gotten, has just been so impressive. They're able to put pressure on opposing quarterbacks. They're still generating turnovers. There was skepticism earlier in the year, I'll put my hand up about, you know, their, their defense was producing what felt like an outsized number of turnovers and that was the way that they were able to, to look so good defensively. But they, they, they've continued to do so and now it looks like their offense is healthy.


And now Jacobs is really, they're really p you know, leaning into that run game. And it looks like last year where Green Bay win on this run. Yeah. At the end of the season when Aaron Jones was finally healthy and they were, he, he led the NFL over the last five weeks and into the playoffs. Aaron Jones for Green Bay in rushing. And I kind of feel like they're, they're gearing up in the same direction with, with Jacobs. It's not intended to be disrespectful in any way, shape, or form towards Minnesota. I mean is it, is the, the line I think is super fair and I think, you know, the money line is minus 1 0 8 for both teams. Like that's how even this is in the book and I think that's, that's totally appropriate.


Green Bay out gained Minnesota the first time they played by by you. I watched That game though. That game was over. Yeah, they were up like four touchdowns and then there was a lot of garbage time stuff with Green Bay And it, it kind of belatedly somewhat became a game, but not really. Yeah, okay. But it was a lot of end of the game shit. These teams tend to split against each other just historically. Yeah. It's an important division game. So my, my lean would be Green Bay, but if the Vikings go win, like who, who's gonna be shocked? So I guess where I've landed in this game is if it was in Green Bay, I would like Green Bay and, 'cause it's in Minnesota. I like, I like Minnesota more Fine. I just think these teams are dead even.


Yeah. And you throw in the home field. There's one other piece with Minnesota though. First of all, I do think they're better than people realize. Okay. And I, I I, and we've talked about this a bunch on this podcast, but it, it, they, they became a Yeah, but team and we've had Yeah, but teams before that I thought was justified. Like there was that Cousin's Vikings team a couple years ago that we were like, what? This team's not good. What This record's ridiculous. Look at who they played. The Vikings are eight No. With Hawkinson. Yes. Which I think matters. Yeah. The Vikings are sixth in DVOA Green Bay's third. The Vikings are second against the run.


They're first in creating turnovers. They have a top five pass rush. But the thing I really like the most about them is these two receivers they have with Hawkinson. I always feel like they can get a drive if they need it. Yeah. And if this game's in the fourth quarter in their home, I just like their chances to go down the field. Like one of one stat that I think is, I saw this and I was like, how is this the best total? But it is, they lead the league in least amount of percentage they've trailed when they're on offense in the game. They've only trailed for 22% of their snaps on offense. They've been trailing in the game, which basically means they're always ahead, they're always in charge. They're always in the lead, which is good for home.


But then they also have the ability at the end of the games to get a drive if they need it and to make a big play if they need it. And Green Bay's gonna do cover two. Like they, their defense actually matches up pretty good with the Vikings. But I like this Vi Vikings team and to me it's like if you believe in this Vikings team, you kind of have to take 'em this week. So if you don't, you're basically saying, I don't believe in this team. I don't know. Do we go that far? Yeah. I I think this the playoff game I do, I think, I think this is playoff rules this week. I think we have to approach it like playoff manifesto. I don't know. I I I don't know if what's Green Bay, you know, doing, if, if it really is a playoff game, right? Like that, that's I'm Saying from Minnesota, it's a playoff game.


They win this game, they have a chance to be the one seed chance seed they play Detroit. There's also a conspiracy. Bill would like to enter this for one second. Go ahead. There's no Sunday night week 18 NBC game. Right now it's either Minnesota, Detroit or Rams Seattle, which we might not get if the Rams just beat Arizona this week, which we're gonna have coming up a million dollar picks. The only other possibility is Minnesota to trip. But Minnesota has to win this game. And if that doesn't happen now we're into car. Who'd you have? Carolina versus Carolina? Atlanta. Yeah, Atlanta. If, if Atlanta, Carolina, Atlanta Sunday night.


Yeah. But that would be good because then you'd have Bryce Young against Michael Pennix. How Is that good to have Carolina, Atlanta as the last game of the season? That's not good at all. Carolina has four Wins. It would be hilarious. Is what it would be. I Wonder Carolina. It's just funky. But go ahead. I just wonder do they, this Minnesota get some calls in this game? Well, They'll be at home. They'll get home calls. You expect for sure. I I don't, you know, this one is just a stay away because it's, it's, it's dead. Dead. Even we're not the same way. You don't get any, I don't get any value on either side of way. Can't say away. This is we, we have a big little nest egg. A million dollar picks and this is the best game in a while. We have to put a bet on it. Go ahead. I give you, let me give you something that I thought was interesting.


Green Bay since week five, they're nine and two with two Detroit losses, right? Yeah. Here's who they beat Matthew Stafford in week five with no Puka, no cup. Yes. Kyler, Murray, CJ Stroud. No Collins in that game. Trevor Lawrence barely beat him. He had his best game of the year. He threw for 300 plus yards against him. They won by three. Caleb Williams. They were up, Chicago's up the whole game and should have won. And then Green Bay won it late Brandon Allen on San Francisco.


Tua on cold weather on Thursday night, Thanksgiving, Gino Smith and whatever the fuck was going on with the New Orleans quarterbacks last week. Those are all their wins. They haven't played anything remotely approaching Sam Darn Hawkinson, Addison and Jefferson and Aaron Jones. This is by far the best complete offense they've played since Week four. Now Minnesota now, Well I know Minnesota is the same thing, but I'm saying you can't use that case against Minnesota and then not use it against Green Bay. Well I think they're in in very similar positions because this is a gigantic step up in class for, for Minnesota. Minnesota's defense hasn't seen anything like this Green Bay offense.


Look at these, these offenses that, that Minnesota has, has seen since they lost to the Rams in, you know, week six or seven, whatever it was. Yeah. They played the Colts with Anthony Richardson. Ooh. They played the Jaguars, they played the Titans, they played the Bears. They played Kyler and the Cardinals. Yeah. Which was a huge comeback game, right? Yeah. The Cardinals were up. That should have been a Cardinal's win. Not A great Vikings game. They got Kirk Cousins and the Falcons. Yeah. In his triumphant return to Minnesota, which ended his career in Atlanta and maybe his career in NFL football. And the, the Bears in the Seahawks, the, the, the best game, the best win was going into Seattle and going, coming down to the wire and, and going.


That's the iron. Both team. Both teams. Most impressive win the last like two and a half months was Seattle. Who also might not be good. Well they're, they're kind like they're good enough be okay fighting for a playoffs, but Yeah, but yes, yes. If we're gonna do that, we have to do it for both, both teams. And the interesting thing to me, you made the case for Minnesota's offense looking good. You want them with the ball at the end of the game. I think it's, I would say the exact same thing about Green Bay. It's, to me it's not that dissimilar from the handicapping of that 30 Thursday night Detroit Green Bay game. Right. Where it came down to which team had the ball at the end. It's a great game. Right. I don't, I don't think there's a wrong answer.


Okay. I just feel like people have tilted more toward the Packers and I feel like it's dead even. And I think Well favored Well they're Money minus one. They're home. Home. But I'm just saying it's Not, if this was in Green Bay, green Bay would be minus one and a half over Minnesota. True. But I, but like the public hasn't jumped in yet. With, with, with a big perspective. So you're thinking it's a stay away. I mean if you wanna put something small on it so that you can say we did it and it's fun and then Minnesota wins. It's like excellent. Now we have Minnesota and Detroit in week 18 for the one seed that Awesome. Wait a second. So we're taping this at 1117 Pacific Time.


Yeah. December 26th Thursday. True. The line is completely flipped. It's now Green Bay minus one and a half over Minnesota. So Somebody stepped in. That's a syndicate Play. Somebody stepped in. Yeah, that's a syndicate play. So the line moves three points and now it's Minnesota minus 1 0 2 plus one plus 1.5 in Green Bay minus one 16. Somebody's taking a stand. Does that make you Nervous or, or what? I honestly think that we're gonna see one or two more of these over the course of the next two, two days. I bet I, you know, the rivals Will come in. So you think Green Bay's gonna get to minus two and a half? No, I think somebody will come back in on, in the other direction and then Oh I got, you know, it'll, it's gonna flip again.


Viking's being plus one and a half means they're now in teases territory. Yeah, that is you you would wanna do it right away. Right away. Do it now. Don't. Well we can do it right. We're taping million dollar picks as we speak. Good point. Any interest in throwing them in with the Miami Dolphins in Cleveland? Mm. There's gonna be Rain Tease Miami down to Miami down or, or we could basically do, yeah, tease my, what is Miami? Six and a half. Yeah. Yeah. Tease to a half. No. Tease Miami down to Money Line and do Miami plus seven and a half. The only thing that would concern me about the Miami situation, well There's a lot of things that concern me.


I don't know you you're gonna go with only The, the single most prominent is if DTR, anything happens to him at quarterback. What I want to see is where Jamis is listed in in terms of, did you Read, I was on Brown's Reddit today, which is one of the darkest places in the internet. Poor. It's just absolutely brutal there. There's even on Brown's, Reddit, there's even, should we make a run at Kirk Cousins this off season trip? No. Yeah, that's a threat on Brown's, Reddit. Oh my God. Yeah, it's dark man. It's, it's some of the darkest shit you'll see. But Brown's Reddit was saying that apparently Jamis is hurt too. And if anything happens with DTR, it's Bailey Zappy time.


Oh Well now I'm feeling better. Okay. Yeah, now we can do Miami fine now, now we're Good. Or it's, it's Bailey Zappy injured Jamis or it's DTR who has one touchdown in nine career picks. Well I thought they already said that DTR is gonna start. My concern was that DTR would start, something would happen to him. Yeah. And then Jamis would come in and throw four. He's probably not a hundred percent healthy though. Well I, I mean I just need to make, I want certainty that Jamis will not come in. 'cause if Jamis comes in then I feel like that a dead For some reason you're worried about Jamis. I, to me it's, I'm not worried about Cleveland's offense in this game. I'm worried about the Dolphins in the rain. Just doing a, I understand Classic Dolphin stink bomb. We don't have to put them in a teaser.


I mean there's wet, there's another Good, good Legs. Dallas is a pretty good teaser leg. Well the reason I, I brought them up for a teaser is just, you know, at some point these teams, the, the franchises are kind of steering them toward a top five pick, right? Yes. I don't think the Giants wanna win. The Raiders are stupid. Agreed. Like they couldn't help themselves last week. But there's certain teams that I just feel like are good with not winning another game. Yeah. For Giants for sure. And Cleveland to me feels like one of them, like if you're Cleveland Bailey Zappy is the move this week we had Bailey Zappy on the Pats. He is not a competent quarterback. You wanna put him out against Miami next week. You wanna bench like, or you wanna rest like a defensive starter who's a little banged up.


Like you, there's subtle stuff you can do to make sure you don't win again. Because For sure There, 'cause there's a couple, like Tennessee plays Jacksonville. Both those teams are three and 12. One of them are gonna be four and 13 after four and 12 after that game. So Cleveland can jump up a spot there. The Pats might beat the Chargers for all we know. Like they, they might be able to nudge up. Yeah, that was what I was thinking about. And plus Miami really needs the game. They're still in the playoff race. Yeah. Still in the race for sure. So maybe 'cause I have another tease I wanna do with the two LA teams. Okay. So maybe we'll mark down something with Vikings Dolphins just for fun. Next one, and I'm split on this one too, is Bengal's.


Broncos, you said on The Ringer gambling show that you like since he at home minus three in what's going to be bad weather, they're kind of technically alive still. Denver needs a game. This is weirdly a playoff game in some ways. Right? Right. No, I I I think both teams will treat it like a playoff game. And this is exactly why my handicap is in favor of the Cincinnati Bengals. That's why I prefer the Bengals. I like the team with the players that have actually like played in the playoffs. Yeah. The team that doesn't have the rookie quarterback and you know, Bo Nicks these nuts. They have been, they have been throwing the football all over the place and we're seeing the version of him that kind of makes sense.


Right. He's, he's throwing picks multiple picks every week. Bo nix these nuts and the, the Denver Broncos, the only thing would be with their defense. Yeah. They're getting Riley Moss back. So they, they had two of their last three games. They gave up, they gave up 32 points to Jameis and they gave up 34 points to Justin Herbert. Yes. Their secondary was getting eaten up. If Riley Moss comes back and they, and he's able to go up against Jamar Chase. That's an incredible matchup. But I love all the other weapons that Cincinnati possess. Possesses Moss is back by the way. He's back. I was checking back with my buddy Gus, my buddy Gus, who Yes. My only person in my life who truly knows the Broncos and he was telling me when mosque got hurt we in major trouble.


This guy Levi Wallace is a disaster. Yeah. Levi Wallace has been cut Released, He's not even on the team anymore So long. Levi Moss is back. So I feel like that, I know it's one guy, but I really feel like that's gonna flip their secondary. He's an important guy. Yeah. With there'd be no doubt There's some other cases for them. Do you have more on your case? 'cause I was gonna That's had some counters. No, I'll, I'll stop now. I mean, Cincinnati hasn't been good at home, so I, I prefer to not lay any points at all. Just let them, you know, win the game. Cincinnati money line was my preferred play Last six weeks. Denver's fifth and DVOA despite some of the secondary stuff. And despite some of the turnovers by Nicks Cincinnati's 29th against the Run, they're defense Cincinnati's 30th QB hits.


So basically this is the perfect team for Denver to play with Bo Nicks with the way, kind of how up and down they've been. This is a team that will not pressure him, hit him. They're just not gonna do anything. Denver's defense, they're, you know, first in hits, first in Hurs. They're gonna be able to pressure the, the, the Bengals to offensive line. Not exactly like a juggernaut. Nope. Nope. I mean, you know, a a a Strat, a strip sack fumble last week against the Browns that, that helped me lose a nice teaser bed on, on the Cincinnati team. Total that all can get to is 24. Well then the Dallas came the week before Dallas was gonna beat them.


Yep. Right. Dallas was going to beat them and Dallas is pressuring them and doing stuff. So I look at since he's wins, hear the quarterbacks, have you done this? No Quarterbacks since he beat this year. Andy Dalton, Danny Dims, Deshaun Watson and Thompson Robinson. Same game. 'cause I think that was the one Watson got hurt. Minsu Cooper, rush Will Levis Thompson Robinson. It's not great. I don't think since he's good. Yeah. Is is where I'm really landing. And I, I think I understand. We think they're good. 'cause Burrow's good. No other real aspect of their team is good. Other than the receivers of Burrow.


Now you can make the counter case when they have chasing Higgins together with Burrow. They've just been really good and been able to move the ball. I get it. But I kind of like the Denver plus three. I don't mind the points. I I really don't mind grabbing the, the points. And there was a minute when it was three and a half and that got stashed up. So it's down down to three. And I really do kind of understand the case. It's, it's a, it's a rookie quarterback on the road in, in bad weather playoff game. Right. In Bad weather. So, but To, if you wanna argue the other side. Well what we, what's been good on the road? The, the, the Denver's been good on the road this year. They beat Tampa and Tampa. They beat the Jets in New York.


10 days rest. Yeah. Extra rest for Sean Peyton Or nine days rest where they play. They're playing Saturday. Whatever. It's extra. It's extra rest for them. And short rest for Cincy Kacin. He's on Saturday game. Sean Peyton versus Zack Taylor. Yep. Well Zack Taylor did market down. Did coach in the Super Bowl. This one. This one. I love the all LA money Parlay. Yes. This is wonderful. Great Rams home for the Cardinals. Yes. All the Rams have to do is win and they win the win the NFC West Chargers at the paths. All they have to do is win. They're minus four and a half and there's some subtle cases against them. Right. Their offense isn't that good.


Yeah. They have trouble getting first downs. It's the type of team, like even if they had a lead, Drake may in the second half, like doing stuff. There's a lad McConkey piece that I don't think can be undersold with the fact that the Pats had that pick traded back three spots for a guy who basically doesn't play, who had played three snaps. McConkey, just him running a mock in this game is almost a lock. I don know what the player props are for him, but Chargers need the game. Rams need the game game. Yes. And it fee, it just feels like a classic LA money parlay and it's minus one 14 on FanDuel. And I would like to partake, Well let me ask you this, let's go ahead and do that and let's do it in, in a, in a meaningful increment 'cause we both are, are believers and that's some, some fantastic, I mean, you know the, the other sort of side to this, remember how good favorites have been?


Money line favorites have been absolutely crushing this season favorites 75% since week five in terms of outright wins and, and favorites have been covering it nearly like 56 or 57% since week five. Like both of those are, you look back 25, 30 years. Yeah. And, and those rates are all the way up there. So we're just doing the, the thing that's staring us in the face that helped us make money last week. Helped us make money on Christmas. We're gonna make some more money on Saturday. But I want to just add another wrinkle. Let's go ahead and do whatever you want on that. Rams chargers, we have to put the Colts in. Colts have to be a leg in every money line. Parlay that we do every really any kind of combination.


The Colts have to be in every one of 'em just on the money line. Colts beating the Giants outright has to be an element of it. Well that, And that goes back I had the cults, that goes back to what we talked about earlier, which is certain teams are just done winning games this season. The the New York Giants are one of those teams. Thes are like, I assure You we're out. We're done. We're done. It's a wrap. It's you had them In The Ringer Sunday pregame last year or last Week? Last week. Yeah. Yeah. And I, I was choosing, it was dumb. I had already chosen Carolinas my under. That wasn't bad. Bad. It was, it was plus three 50. It was Right. That's right. It you knew within a quarter it's like, oh the Giants are done for the season. The Pick the ju lock pick six. That was it. That was it.


That was the end Of it. So are you saying we anchor strategy a little bit? Yeah. With Chargers Rams. Oh, anchor strategy. Oh Okay. Well to me the anchor is the Colts. 'cause I'll put the Colts with anybody the entire across The place. Here's, here's what makes me nervous about that. I Anthony Richardson, I just can't get there. Fair enough. If there's any quarterback who's ready to just single handedly kill all of our week 17 parlays and teasers, it's him. So I, I just wanna proceed with caution. Think about that. Like him, not Michael Pennex last week, but Anthony Richard Richardson this week. Yeah. Alright, So couple things with that Rams game really quick. Rams are sixth in DBOA last six weeks thanks to Aaron Shots for that.


They've won eight of their last 10. And I don't think people realize how grim this Cardinal situation got. Yeah. Missing both of their starting tackles on offense. They're like, they're pulling practice squads in practice. Squad guys in that are now gonna be starting for them. James Connor is hurt. Yeah. Might play, might not play. Their defense is falling apart. Hubbard had 152 yards last week. Carolina scored 36 on them. Sure did. It just is grim and there's a reason the line is where it is. And 'cause initially I was like, oh, cards upset baby. And I looked at all the numbers. I was like, oh my God, this is No Plus. No way they're winning Layer on top of that. All of the McVay stuff. 15 and two against the spread in his last 17 December games 25, 10 and one all time in.


Yeah. In December. McVay the Rams against the Cardinals, the Rams kick the Cardinal's ass 12 four and one against the spread over the last eight years against Arizona. Ten two and one when they're our favorite against the spread. The LA Rams, I'm laying the points with them. They're in the money line. Parlay. They are part of our anchor strategy. We love the Rams. Their defense also kicking ass. The last two weeks held both the Jets and the 49 ERs under 10 points. Now you say, oh look at where those off. Well offenses two the most disappointing teams in the NFL but still holding NFL teams on the road to under 10 points. That's impressive. Chargers Pats the case for being nervous about this would be the Pats played well against Buffalo for about an hour and a half last week.


I would just point you to 10 horribly Game managed, coached, executed plays. They can't help themselves. They, they surprisingly did not have a lot of penalties last week. Those penalties will come back. The pats are just incapable of playing three good hours in a row. Okay. So For them to beat the Chargers, the Chargers would really have to fuck the game up. And I don't know if they're a fuck the game up team. I mean that would be, you would have Jared Mayo beating Jim Harbaugh. You would have that, you would have a team that would decide in week 17, maybe we shouldn't throw backward passes inside our own 10 of maybe we should punt down 10 with eight minutes left.


Like I, something would have to dramatically change with the penalties, the coaching, the execution. I could see them potentially backdoor covering that minus four and a half. Sure. But I did not see them winning. Yeah. Good. We're on the same page. All right. And then the last one I want to talk about, you mentioned the, the Colts Giants. I mean we don't need to talk about that. Eagles cowboys, that line has dropped two, it was not, it was 10, nine and a half all week. Now it's seven and a half on FanDuel. And I had had a bet that I mailed you last night or this morning. Oh Hold on. I see six and a Half. Oh shit. It's still up dropping huh? Up. Something's Going on. Yeah. Six and half. Well Hertz might not play is what's going on. Oh okay. There we go.


And I had up Uncertainty. Yeah. I had wanted to do an alternate, alternate bet with Dallas to four and a half. When it was nine and a half it was like plus 1 72. That's now plus 1 26. Which I still like more than the six and a half. But so if we had the Cowboys and we do an over of like what, 37 and a half? I don't know. Whatcha Are you thinking? Well the total, the totals at 39 and a half in that game as is. I I don't, I'm I'm worried What are you worried about?


Mess Just messing with that game at all, at all. Like Yeah. What, what version do you think All the value's gone? 'cause of the Hertz thing? Yes. Yes. That's exactly what I think. I would've loved Dallas. I love Dallas at eight and a half. I love them at nine and a half to 10 was an incredible number. Now down to six and a half. I kind of don't want to mess with it 'cause Philly got enough with Pickett of like game, he, like he Pickett can play now, right? He got three quarters of real live NFL football, high stakes, high leverage and they'll run an offense that What are you Doing? I'm not talking Did you just make a Kenny Pickett case? No. What it, it's just like Philly being ready for the game case. That's, that's what I mean. That's all I'm saying.


The the, he's not a guy that's like playing with the first team starters for the first time in practice this week. That's all, that's all the observation that I'm making. I I I have had enormous success riding with the Cowboys and I'm so upset that they lost to Cincinnati on that money night stupid punt thing because Their defense since Parsons has come back Yes. Has been legit good. Yeah. And their secondary is legit Good. Legit good. So I could an interest you in Dallas plus 10 and a half with the over of 30 and a half at minus one 15. Oh well sure. That yes. Yes. Because now we're talking that that's, those are the numbers. Okay, great. Yeah I'm into that. That's a good one. Or d Yeah 'cause I don't wanna tease Dallas with another team.


I wanna confine it to the game. Great. Good. Yeah, me either. That's fine. So Dallas, Dallas is like nothing better than the go beat Philly, Dallas plus 10 and a half with the over of 30 and a half And that's and Philly's done right. They don't, there's, there's no nothing for them to play for do it. I think it would be insane for them to play Jalen Hertz. I don't understand why they would do that at All. Pick it. I totally agree with you. Pick. I agree. Alright, it's time. Million dollar picks part two holiday week. We're already at $300,000 plus we have this Seahawks bet coming that we could win and all the Seahawks have to do is win on Thursday night and we're up another like 1 55. Come on. Come On Gino.


Our big bet. We are doing an all la parlay, the LA Rams to finish business against a cards team that has arrow pointing down. Rams have been really good last six weeks. Rams just to beat the Cardinals. Just to beat 'em. That's it. Just all they have to do is win the game. Parlayed with the LA Chargers in New England against my beloved New England Patriots who are feisty but are incapable of playing well for three straight hours. Chargers, Rams just have to win minus one 14 house. Are we going big? We love LA And By the way, we love it.


We love it. I've somehow figured out a way to make, to be more furious that the Pats won this game and knock themselves out of a top five pick if if Could cost us money. I Don't want the pets to win anymore. Let's just get weapons. Let's finish in the top two and then we can trade back. For a team that needs a quarterback and get a lot of assets from my guy Drake May, please don't win this game. Pets, we're putting $250,000 on that. Love it. Chargers Rams minus one 14. We talked a lot about Bengals versus Denver and Cincinnati in the rain. Cincy minus three Cincy with no good wins whatsoever. Ci a team that just loves to shoot themselves in the foot. I'm gonna take adjusted Broncos plus seven and a half.


Oh okay. And I'm gonna put that with the Chargers and the Rams for 50 K. That's plus 1 69 House. That's Fine. Fine's a little. So you wanna be business. You wanna be in business with with Bo Nicks D'S nuts. I'm not gonna get the way of that Business. I it's a Sean Peyton Denver. That's your business. The secondary is good. Again, like just a little sprinkle. Love It. Two more that we like the Cowboys going against this Eagles team. That Jalen hurts. We know what's happening. The line is dropping as we're taping the pod on Thursday morning. The line dropped from nine and a half to six and a half for the Cowboys plus six and a half. We're gonna bring them back up to Cowboys plus 10 and a half with the over 30 and a half minus one 15 a hundred K.


That's fine. I mean if you wanna do smaller that's fine too. 50 K. Let's just put 50 K. 50 K is fine. 50 K in that. Just a little division divisional rivalry. It'll be fun. Yeah. Philly hates Dallas. It'll be great. I mean Dallas has been playing so good over the last six weeks. The Parsons Effect. Yep. It's Amazing. Michael, the Parsons, the, the only guy with a podcast is playing Well They're gonna Only Athlete podcast is actually succeeding in in at sports these days. Jerry might have to buy that podcast for $250 million so they could afford to pay him and keep him under the selling account. Yeah. What would happen if Jerry formed a media company and then just paid a hundred million dollars for the Michael Parsons podcast? That'd be interesting. Interesting idea. How it's A, it's a collective bargaining agreement.


Violation I'm sure. But still Last one. Colts against the Giants. We both love the Colts. We do love the Colts. The Giants do not wanna win football games Anymore. They do not. They're good. They have told us they're, They're done. It's a wrap. It's a wrap. Colts first half game. They have to win the first half. They have to win the game combined with the Vikings plus seven and a half because we have to have some sort of scratch on this incredible Vikings Green Bay game right now. We argued about you like Green Bay a little bit more. I like the Vikings a little bit more. The line has shifted. It was Vikings minus one half all week as we're taping this. It's Green Bay minus one and a half. Now we're gonna grab those Viking points. Bring them up to plus seven and a half.


That is minus one 13. I would like to put a hundred K on that if we could. Okay. Okay. Fine. I don't mind rooting for a close game between Minnesota and Green Bay. That's fun. And then we also have this Dolphins game that we can completely stay away from. Dolphins in the, against the Browns and the rain. Some Bailey Zappy potential also two in bad weather Dolphins need the game. Probably a stay away. I think it's a stay away. Okay. I'm fine. Staying away from, from the Dolphins. Good. So that's it. And we should mention one of the reasons I like Minnesota is because the NFL needs a very good week 18 Sunday night game.


And Minnesota, Detroit would do the trick. Collinsworth, they'd have to hose him down. Well I can't wait to see this Sam Arnold, Mike. I, I haven't seen anything like this. We got him with my guy Jayden Daniels and, and Michael Pennix This coming Sunday night. Sunday Atlanta in Washington. Eight 30 on NBC primetime. Jayden against the Pennix. We're gonna see it. Notice, Notice we steered clear of that game. That Is a, that is a stay, That's a full off Way. I wish you the best. Thank You. Anyway, we are up 1.764 million for the season pending the Seahawks game. And hopefully the LA Parlay will take us over the 2 million bark.


Those are the holiday edition part $2 million picks for Week 17 House. I hope you ate a lot yesterday. I did. If we hit this La Parlay when I'm out there, two weeks for The Ringer Pregame show, we'll celebrate with an La Parlay. With The La Parlay of food. Yeah. We'll go to Momofuku for lunch. And then where are we gonna go for dinner? I have like a Smash burger. Major Domo. I meant Major Domo A Smash Burger. I have a Smash Burger place for you. All right. I we're talking, I have a Indian food place for you. Ooh, I have a, I have a, I have some wrinkles for this trip up. What a pa away. You, you can you do salads for the week before you get here? I'll try my best. You gotta like really clear the intestines.


Try my best of stuff playing for you. My, I can't wait. How great to see you. Happy belated Christmas. Happy holidays to All right. We are taping this the day after Christmas. It's an emotional time here on the BS pod. My daughter's always Simmons is here. We're doing the end of the year Teen Culture Awards, which I think we've done every year for the last few years. We might have missed one. Yeah. You've been doing this since, I don't know, you were 12, 13, something like that. But this is the last year. You're 19. Next year you're not a teenager. Yeah. No awards for next year. Really appreciate this one While you have it. No, We'll call it the 20 something awards next year. And I feel like you have to, it retires itself at that point. That's you're reti.


You're hanging it up. What's gonna happen Here? Teen Culture Awards. All right. So what do we Starting a New Leaf? This is it. So we call it the Young Woman Awards. What do we call it? The Young Woman Awards. I don, I think Not Young Adult Awards. We'll see if it, if it figures itself out next year. For now, this is looking like it. Thanks for putting no thought into that. All right. So End of the Year awards, we have a whole bunch of categories. I'm just gonna set you up. Most important category every year is the TV show of the year. What was it this year? This year we selected Tell Me Lies as my TV show for the year. Reason being, this is probably the most emotional a show has ever made me. Why?


Because it kind of depicts perfectly like a super toxic college relationship. I think it struck a chord within a lot of people my age, especially as a college student. And the show actually casted people that look like the age that they're supposed to be playing. So that's a big thing for you that for Me that's the most important, the most important thing that a TV show can do. The people on the show have to look like the age that they're trying to play. Like that actually makes it a much more emotionally difficult situation. Like Sex Lives and College girls. I'm not sure those girls look like college girls. Yeah. I haven't even watched it yet because I've, I've seen the cast and it's just like, this doesn't look like people that I'd be running into in my ethics class next week.


Like this is not, these people are like the older people coming back to college trying to figure it out. So what, so tell me lies. There's a lot of sex in it, let's be honest. Yeah. It's not a show I would watch with you. Yeah, that's okay. That's for sure. That's for sure. But with my girlfriends, my best friend from college, my roommate, we would sit there and wait for each episode to come out every week and watch it together with our like headphones individually and, and our computers and just like completely jaw on the floor every single time. Oh Wait. 'cause you don't have a tv. We don't have a tv. So you press play at the same time. Yeah, We like sync it up. But it was, I mean, jaw dropping every single episode it just, it got so crazy. But the manipulation of the main character Steven, that he does to his little girlfriend Lucy is like, he almost makes you think that you're crazy because of how good of a manipulator he is.


But the show is incredible. And that was made true with like all the attention it got on TikTok and they actually renewed it after they were going to cancel it before it got all the attention it, It did get pretty much canceled. Yeah. Yeah. So TikTok really saved this show this year. Can you explain how TikTok saves a show? Because this is, and there's some other parts that we're gonna talk about later with this, but TikTok taking a show either in a good way or a bad way. It's weird because now that social media is such a prominent thing, even a shitty TV show can become super popular. Even a shitty song. Like no matter what it is, if people will band behind it.


Yeah. That's what makes a song or show successful. And I've been talking about it a lot with my friends And it feels like a lot of producers of TV shows and song makers or whatever it is, they're trying to appeal to the social media eye rather than the critics or the other people that actually like establish whether a show or a music video is good enough. It's more about like, if you get the TikTok people behind you that will make you successful. Is that a good thing or a bad thing? I, I mean it's definitely made the content that's being put out there worse. Yeah. Because it's catered to all of these people that like have short attention spans or whatever it is. But this show caters exactly to people like me who found it through TikTok.


I didn't even know about the show until I saw a little clip of it on TikTok and then I binged through the whole thing. It checks a lot of Zoey boxes including it does we go back and forth in the future. Yeah. I like it. And everybody's older and younger. Yeah. I like a little, A little time sequence. Yeah. But it's, the show is phenomenal. It was easily my, my top number one show this year. I think as a college student it, that really was what hit home for me. So That's great. So like when I was in college 9 0 2 1 oh hit Home with All of Us, which was a relatively normal show. You're saying for your generation, a super toxic guy fucking with all these different people on the show, this has really resonated with your generation.


I just think That sort of thing has like never been depicted. Yeah. And it also uses social media as a tactic of manipulation that the main character uses, which a lot of TV shows don't incorporate social media. Yeah. It's kind of like a blacklisted, like you can't do it because that will take the characters outta the show, whatever. But people like me were always on our phones. Like it's not realistic to have a TV show that doesn't incorporate like the use of manipulative text messages or Snapchats or whatever it is. And like this show actually has, Or non texting. Right. Or Ghosting or being ghosted. So it's like this is the most realistic depiction of like a, a toxic high college relationship. Which is why I loved it so much. Do you think you like toxic relationship shows because all of your relationships have been non-toxic and pretty normal?


I think so. It's like, oh this is what it's like. But I know it hit home for a lot of people, So. Okay. All right. So that's TV show of the year. Favorite content of the year. Do you want me to read the list? Go ahead and you can just go. So some of this has to do with shows you binged. Yeah. Because you like binging shows, right? You like either you're doing homework while a show's on or Late at night. Yeah. I like white noise shows. Is is how I'd put it. Well number one is The Gilmore Girls, which you finally stumbled into. I know. What was it about this show? Well I always, I stayed away from it because I knew I would love it. I tried to start it a few different times and was kind of bored while watching it. But this year again, my roommate was like, you need to watch this show.


You will love it. So I sat myself down and I watched the first season. The first season wasn't the most interesting 'cause Rory, the main character was like a fresh high schooler in New Haven, Connecticut. And I was like, what is this? This is not my jam at all. But then as the show continues on, it kind of just, it feels like a warm hug is how I describe it. I think a lot of Gilmore girls lovers would describe the show as just like a warm comforting, like when you're in need of feeling like you're around family or you just need your spirits uplifted, that's where you go. Mom daughter show Mom daughter show. Which, What would be your mom daughter show?


Just mom Getting mad. A lot more realistic. This thing about Gilmore Girls is like, it's supposed to be a perfect world. And Lole had Rory when she was like 16 years old. Yeah. So there's a really short age gap between them, which makes their relationship more like Sister to sister. But the show itself is, is incredible. It's definitely unrealistic. But it, it kept me interested for seven seasons, each episode being, did it Stay too long though? The last two seasons were not great, right? Yeah. I mean some parts could have been cut out but honestly the last two seasons were my favorites. 'cause Roy was in college going through college, which once again is my favorite form of TV show when the main character is going through college and she was having boyfriends and all these different things and whatever.


So I actually liked to show as it progressed, but I loved Gilmore Girls just as something to fall back on when college days were getting hard. Well one other binge watch show was This Is Us. Yep. This one Was, I Don Like when you watch shows that are sad because you assume the mood of whatever the show is. Yeah. Which thank God you didn't assume the mood of tell me Lies but Right. But this is us. Like it's an emotional journey. Yeah. So you were kind of an emotional person. Well as you watch this. Yeah. But this is different. I don't think it was a Grey's Anatomy Covid situation where I was just completely put out and like unable to like act every day. This show definitely hits the, hits the heartstrings.


Yeah. But in a good way. I loved this show, this, it kept me interested And it was so unrealistic to the point where I almost wasn't emotionally affected by it because it's like, when would this ever happen? Ever. Right. Okay. Next one. The Unfiltered podcast. This was one of your Favorites. It's basic, unfiltered. Basically Unfiltered. Basically unfiltered. What is, it was the merging of two different podcasts that I really like on Spotify. The Unfiltered podcast is hosted by Ja Zane Hi and Heath. They were like two of David Doer's best friends who kind of diverged and made a podcast. And then the other one was pretty basic hosted by Remy Cruz and Alicia Marie. And they like joined forces and made this podcast altogether.


So that's what it is. But What do you like about it? You're not telling us anything. We don't know. People are, I was just explaining what it was. It's, Well, Remmy Cruise has a salad that you pointed out to me when we were walking around LA It's a bowl, A salmon bowl. But I've loved all of these YouTubers. It's like more of a nostalgic thing for me 'cause I've watched them since I was like 13 ever since I started watching YouTube. Yeah. And they joined forces and they have a Patreon page, which I, I really love. And they'll go and do like, they'll film a high episode or a muck bang episode or them like going to like on Halloween time they went to the Halloween like scare fest whatever. It's just like a really fun airy light podcast where it's kind of like girls versus boys and they'll do challenges and stuff, but it's just easy to watch.


I like it. Video Pod. Video pod. We live in time as the next one on the list. I don't even know what that one is. That Was the movie that came out. Oh, the cancer movie. Andrew Garfield and Florence Pugh. I loved this movie. I saw this like a month or two ago. Yeah. A needless to say. I think mom will watch it like 15 times once she finds it. But it was, it was great. I love Andrew Garfield. I love Florence Pugh. I love British accent. Everything about the movie was phenomenal. I Try to watch this movie with the two of you and left after like 40 minutes. Yeah. Which I don know why because it was also a, a cooking movie, which is like, that's everything that I need.


Cancer cooking. Andrew Garfield, British accent. I'm in. Wow. That's your algorithm. I skipped that one. Blink twice. Channing Tatum. This Was great. Did you see this One? I did. I really loved this movie. 'cause I'm a big psychological thriller person. Right. I prefer that much more than I do. You get out slasher as an a timer for you. Right? Like I love Get Out, I love all those types of movies. So this one I thought was phenomenal. And I love when a movie takes me on a vacation. Right? This movie was on a great resort. Things kind of started to get weird. We didn't exactly know why it kind of revealed itself. Channing Tatum's gorgeous.


It was a beautiful combo of things. I loved this movie. Speaking of going on vacation, you did a white lotus rewatch that you put on favorite content of the year, even though you've already seen the show A hundred times. And I would watch it again and again. I think this is the single best TV show series ever. Ever. Okay. The Goat To me, I think it's Granted you've missed a lot of great TV shows, right? Like you didn't watch Sopranos, you didn't watch Mad Men Breaking Bad. I said to me, I didn't say to anyone else, this is, I'm just saying there's some beat on The bone. This is my number one and rewatching it back. All of the little details and the things that I missed the first time I watched it, it's like, wow. This phenomenal, The therapist podcast Therapist, Therapist, Therapist this, this pod is great.


I think this is a perfect example of like new upcoming podcasts that are kind of trying to take like the TikTok vibes and bringing it over to a a podcast. This is hosted by Jake Shane, but he just brings on all of his celebrity friends. Like Sophia Richie. Yeah. Who I love all sorts of different celebrities. And he does this segment called the Tell Me What's Wrongs and he'll have his fans send in like a bunch of things that have happened to them. Crazy things. And then him and the celebrity will give them advice on how to deal with it. And then they'll prescribe them with different things to like fix that situation. But he's just so funny and light and airy and I love his podcast.


I just, I enjoy listening to it. I like happy things. When you say the TikTok piece of it, so it's a lot of people like trying to self-diagnose, figure out what's wrong. Well yes. And it's like an interactive podcast where his fans are are basically like the basis of the podcast. He's answering people's questions and giving them advice with a celebrity, which I think is super effective. And it's personable. Like when I listen to it, I feel like I'm his friend. LA Where is he taping that out of la. Okay. Waited for an invite from Jake, from Therapists Jake the or Thera Theus the like octopus. Okay. The idea of you. Another content of the Year Choice for you.


I think mom watched it about 50 times over. Yeah. Should I be concerned about that? That she, I don was obsessed with the movie about a, a woman meeting, a younger guy, Ian Hathaway's phenomenal. And she only gets more beautiful and this movie, it had to happen and they executed it perfectly. Like it was about time that a movie like this came out where a celebrity falls in love with a younger, younger guy Mom whose life has fallen apart. I like that. So I happen to watch this one with mom and the ending was kind of pushing it. Yeah, It was pushing it. Can we spoiler alert the end. Yeah. People probably seen this. So they agreed to break up. Yep. Because you know she's what, 15 years older and he's becoming a pop star and basically they break up because it's screwing up her daughter.


Right. Her daughter's having an issue with it. So she's like, five years from now my daughter's in college, gimme a call. He's like, all right. And then she's watching some TV show when he is on, he is like, I'm going to, it's five years later. Of course she's still single even though she's gorgeous. Right. No makes, no guys could be seen for her. Makes no sense. Just hanging out on a Thursday night, sees it and then all of a sudden he shows up at the end and they have kind of a look. Yep. And it's a happy ending. Happy ending. And then he gets to go through menopause and all, all the great old lady stages with her happy for both of them. Interesting. The the daughter piece. Yeah. In that movie, like selfish mom making a decision to get involved with a celebrity and then ruining her daughter's life.


But act, which actually happens a lot. Yeah. In real life. So I liked it. Your last one for favorite content of the year. I see Long legs on there. I didn't, We're really doing this again. Oh, You like Long Legs Zoe? I like long legs. You guys love this. We saw this together in the theater. I was not as big of a fan but you and Ben Were. Yeah. Dunno, I I saw it like four times. Did You really? I did. I saw it four times. Well, You're a bad judge with movies 'cause you have a movie theater like Right, Right around the corner. 50 yards from where you go to college. Yeah. So you can just go at 10 o'clock. But I thought this, this movie was really good. Out of all the horror movies that came out this year, this was my number one again because I really don't like Gore.


I haven't even seen Smile two yet. I know you guys have seen it and I should see it. Smile two is good, But there's something unappealing about it to, to me, You know what Smile Two is good. 'cause the lead actress is great. Right. But it's like, that's just not my long legs was much more my type of movie. I also like being on the side of the detectives. Yeah. I like like kind of trying to figure it out with them. And I thought the girl that played the main character was phenomenal. And you like Tic too? Heretic. Yeah. Heretic. I love, I love Hug Grant. I think he's great. And seeing him in this sort of light was, was really interesting. It added a lot of depth to him as actor. So you like Detectives cha chasing something creepy. Right. Something's wrong with the house has been A staple and the like whole vibe of that movie was good too.


Just the way it was filmed. Like the lighting, every attention to detail was hit the checkbox for me. All right. We're gonna take a break and then come back with the rest of your awards. All right. So we're continuing the Teen Culture Awards last year. We're ever doing this. My daughter turns 20 next year. New category show you'd most wanna go on. What's the answer? This was the Mystic Kitchen's last meal show, which I've binged every single episode even of the celebrities that I don't care for. And I find it the most interesting thing that I've ever watched in my life. Because you think about how weird your last meal would be, where it's like cottage cheese, pickles, hummus, that, But it's like, it's such an intimate thing to find out about a celebrity.


Like this is the last thing that you would eat. Like I was watching, I'm trying to think of a, a good episode that I really loved. But I mean every celebrity that goes on there, it's just like, what are you putting on your plate right now? So You feel like compared to hot ones where it's just people like they're, I prefer this now Burning from chicken. Right. Chicken winks. You wanna know, you feel like this is a window into their actual personality with The food. They're the pig, right? It's like this is the last thing that you would put into your body on the planet. And I think the host Josh, I don't know how, how to pronounce his last name. He's great too. He's really intelligent. So what's your last meal then? I wish I would've had more time to think about this one.


So what I think a huge Caesar salad with some sort of chicken on it would absolutely be up there. But you'd have to have pickles, right? Pickles, cottage cheese, all the works. Hummus, carrots. But that's like, am I really going to eat that on my last meal? I think I'd need a huge cheeseboard and a Caesar salad with chicken on it and a diet Dr. Pepper and a milkshake. All right. The last meal, I'll check that one out. Breakout stars for this year for you. Yep. You had three people. Trinity Rodman. I love her. I watched her on the Caller Daddy podcast last week. Not only was that episode super moving, I just think she is so smart and so cool and so normal considering her entire situation.


Yeah. Like as for a celebrity, this is the one person where I'm like, wow, I could actually see myself being friends with her. Like she's so normal and cool and stylish and I just, I really love her. I idolize her honestly. And she, we really need her for the us Right. Women's World Cups. And she's a phenomenal soccer player on top of it, which is Just, she's the best forward we've produced. She's probably since Abby Waba. She's Great. I I truly love her. I think she, she's So what did you like about that episode? Just the way she talked about her dad or just like her perspective on fame. Like what was it? I don Yeah, I think that was a really tough topic for her to talk about and she'd obviously never talked about it for a reason. The Dad. Yeah. And even while having that really tough conversation, she still remained so classy and like even though she was airing everything out, she was never speaking poorly on him because she knew there was no point in doing that.


So I just like appreciated the way that she approached that situation, the way she held herself. Like I just think she's gonna be, obviously she's already really successful, but she's gonna continue to be super successful. I like her too. Next one is Sophia Richie. I love her. This is Lion Rich's daughter. So she's the guest. What does she do? Like does she have content? She Has a TikTok. Her wedding was like the royal wedding last year. It was like, there was so much stigma around it and she looked beautiful and she's phenomenal. But she's a, an influencer type. I don't know how to like categorize her. I don't want to because I don't specifically know. Well What do you like about her? Is she funny? Like what is she She's hilarious. Okay. She's like the most normal celebrity that, similar to Trinity Rodman that I've like ever witnessed.


She's just so normal and down to earth. But I also really like her style and the way that she dresses and carries herself. Like I like to emulate the outfits that she does. I just, she's like the epitome of an influencer to me. Like how all the influencers should be Normal but she actually is normal. People are coming back. Right. Normal people are And she's funny, Crazy. Not, not as successful in 2024. Right. Grayden Cutler and Hailey Batchelder. Who are they? Hailey just joined the call her daddy force or the unwell content. But she has a new podcast on Spotify, which I really love called Extra Dirty.


But it's the reason I Extra, extra dirty. What does that mean? Because it's like a sex podcast. Oh. It's kind of like how Alex Cooper used to be right before she got married. She fell in love. Right. But I, I really like her. I think she's super funny. She started off in like short form videos on TikTok talking about like all of her quests out in New York City. The guys that she would meet, the things that she'd do whatever. She's like not, I don't relate to her all that much, but I really like watching her content a lot and Graydon's her her best friend who's always making weird food combinations, which you know, I love. Okay. Storyline of the year you went with the TikTok band. I just thought, this is so interesting 'cause what's gonna happen to all of these influencers?


I really don't know. You mean if TikTok goes away in like April, Right? It's like all of these people that have given up their jobs and have been making their livelihood by making TikTok videos now what happens to them? Like I genuinely don't know. Instagram reels. I guess so, but I'm never even on Instagram reels like that. Yeah, I like Instagram reels. But like TikTok is, it's so, it's such a well-oiled machine. Like it really reels you in and now that there's this whole TikTok shop thing, which is Amazon equivalent. Yeah. I can see how it's so detrimental to little kids because all of these videos will be promoting things that you can buy on TikTok Shock where you'll literally watch the video and you can click on the thing at the bottom and you're purchasing something all of a sudden.


So it's definitely an evil thing. Yeah. But I'm most curious to see what will happen to all of these influencers and people that have devoted their lives to making TikTok videos that are no longer going to have any job. I'm good with TikTok going away. Favorite developments we had? You mentioned Patreon earlier. So you're talking about like special Patreon only. I love Patreon. This special content. This Really feeds into like the secrecy feeling like you're friends with your favorite influencer. Yeah. Obviously I have to pay $10 a month or whatever to have the Patreons of the people that I'm subscribed to. But it's so interesting because it's almost like a whirlpool into what old YouTube looked like before all of the monetizations and whatever were put in place.


It's like you can really just lay it all out with no care at all. Okay. So you're saying I should start a Patreon. I don't Wanna, I don Dunno if I wanna do, see what I should do on Patreon. Thank you. Spotify video is another one. Yeah, you were talking about you like when Spotify, which is good 'cause we're tripling down on this, but you like either watching or listening to a podcast depending on where you are. Yeah, I think it's a, a great advancement and it's really helpful to see the person that's talking's face. Yeah. Like that's just something that I, I connect their words so much better with whoever they are by watching the video. And I'll just put it up on the treadmill if I'm working out or if I'm in the car, I won't watch the video, but like, I like that you have the option.


I think that's a really good advancement. All right, Well you're gonna keep getting it Most fascinating trend. So two things here. You have the last days of original influencer content. What does that mean? I think we were talking about the canceled podcast when We Well, so we can The canceled podcast down the other piece of that. Right? So you're talking about there's the end of some sort of era that people don't even know was An era. Well like the, the people know, it's like the YouTube vine era of like all of the way that old social media used to be the way that influencers used to behave. It was like so much more raw and like upfront and people were openly crazy. Yeah.


And Tani Mojo is like the, the face of that when I think of old YouTube because she's just like the epitome of, she's been everywhere and done everything similar with Tricia Perez. So people beefing, getting canceled, coming back. Right. It's Declar war and each other. It's the cockroach syndrome where it's like you can just be openly crazy And it, there was really no problem with it. And you'd get canceled and, and you'd come back And it would just be a continuous loophole where now cancel culture is like you're canceled for whatever it might be and you're done. Yeah. But the canceled podcast similar to its name, it really was like the last era of that. It felt like because Brooke Schofield and Tana Mojo would like air out all of this shit that happened.


All these crazy stories of living in LA going out in Hollywood, whatever it was. And now Tana's in a happy relationship. So is Brooke. And they just kind of are diverging into like this regular influencer whatever the new Spotify world of influencer. So do you have to, influencer is so do you have to basically not be in a healthy relationship to be a good podcaster? Apparently so, or just to be an interesting influencer Because I asked you what would happen if Alex Cooper just got divorced and you got super excited. You like, whoa, if she started dating again, that would be amazing. Well that was her, her whole bag. Yeah. All of her podcasts and stories were about like having random hookups and running around New York City and like being a degenerate whatever. And now she's happy and super successful and I'm so happy for her.


Yeah. But her content definitely reflects that. Right. She's doing more interview stuff and, and I love like her story about hooking up with the Red Sox guy. Right. And like her story about her times in Paris, like all of, when she does the old stories about everything that used to happen to her, I was like, wow, this is good content. Yeah. Like this. I miss this Next category is couple I wanna break up because I'm jealous couple. I want This is easy couple, I hope they break up. I guess you're not literally hope before a breakup, but No, but Anyway, I'm just jealous. I wish I could be. Olivia Jade, she's dating Jacob Belote, but she never talks about it, which is really interesting to me.


Mm. You're dating one of the hottest guys on earth and she he's And he's tall, which you love, Right? And Australian. Yeah. And he's not in any of her content. She's still alive. And like I love her YouTube videos. I'm a big fan of Olivia Jade. Interesting. Big comeback for Olivia. Yeah. She's also a good influencer where she just keeps it classy. She, she's not too crazy. She just, I really like her content a lot And a hell of a rower. Right, okay. But I do like her a lot and I'm jealous of her Grossest internet moment of the year. We had the, you had the Sydney Sweeney sha body shaming stuff from a couple weeks ago. I don wanna say like grosses, like I was gross out like grosses, like wow.


Society is really horrific. Yeah, That's what I mean. Horrific. Yeah. Yeah. This was awful. 'cause I saw TikTok videos alluding to it, but not the pictures just being like, wow, what happened to Sydnee Sweeney? Like all this stuff. And I was expecting to see something horrible and she just looks completely normal. And she's filming a movie about a female boxer where, Where she has to put muscle on. She's actually putting some muscle on like, she looks similar to how like most females look. And I was just like, this is ridiculous that in this day and age with all this cancellation stuff, people will still talk like that. I found that super disheartening. What did you think of her post Disheartening refuting all the, or did you See the Post she did? You know, I, I've always been a big fan of her.


I think she's wonderful in White Lotus and I love euphoria and her straying away from the character that she usually plays is an interesting thing to me. I'm excited to see the movie. I thought that her response definitely made me like her a lot more. Yeah. Well two people You didn't really like Few to the year. Although I guess you're on the Blake Lively side. Blake Lively verse. Justin Bona. So this was a big thing in This situation is gnarly. This has been like a nine month story on the Yeah. Social media and now it blew up again. Well There's been a lots of back and forth because originally when the movie was being promoted, Blake Lively was kind of promoting the show up in your florals to the movie. And Justin Baldoni was taking more of the like domestic violence awareness Yeah.


Side. And people were, But they also weren't promoting it together. Right. And people were a red flag. Were really criticizing Blake for not, for being insensitive of the entire intention behind the movie. But turns out that there was some reasoning behind it. I think the situation is horrible and looking at the intimate details of it, it's really, really weird. So I know all like the mainstream journalism media angles reporting on it. What is the TikTok Instagram version of it? Well, people have been saying that he was being very strange during all of their sexual scenes. Yeah. And even the girl that played the younger version of Blake Lively, he was making really crude comments about her sex scenes with the younger character that was supposed to play Atlas.


Yeah. And on top of that, he like walked in on her in her trailer. This Is all alleged, we should mention That. Yeah. Multiple times. Yeah. Alleged. But like a lot of really disgusting sentiments came out of this just like really uncomfortable, seemingly like minor versions of sexual abuse. But it's really Disheartening. Well the fact that she had dis that meeting and put all that stuff in there, like from now on we will no longer, you'll no longer add kissing scenes. And people were really trying to turn it on. Blake Lively at the beginning. Like, Blake Lively's an asshole and she's like mean to reporters and everyone was turning on her. But it seems like there was a lot more to the situation.


It's really sad. What's your generation's relationship with Blake Lively For a second there. People weren't liking her, but I think she's, she's widely loved because of Gossip Girl and all of the movies that she's done. I mean, I like her. She's a friend Of Taylor Swift that did really well. I think she's in good shape. Yeah. But I, I don't, I don't know. She's not within my area. All right. We're gonna be delicate with this next one. Uhoh, by the way, mom's take on Justin Baldoni was, I never liked his face. Yeah. I don't like his eye that Like that was it. It was just never trusted. His face played. He played the role that he played a little too Well. Yeah. 2025 Career advice is the next category. Right. And I, I just have in the notes dangerous Disney.


Yeah. You don't like when the Disney stars hit this phase when they get older and then they have to prove how dangerous they are. Well It just seems like this is like a common thing that happens between Sabrina Carpenter and Olivia Rodrigo and like all of these really popular Disney influencers that are now trying to like desensitize themselves and like escape from the like Disney World. Yeah. By being super provocative, right? Yeah. And like in a lot of ways it works and I support it, but then there's times where it's just like, this feels like it's kind of over the top. Like you're trying to prove something here. And sometimes it's like feeding into that Disney thing is, is not always a bad thing.


I just think that sometimes it's a little too trying to get out of the box. Do you feel Zendaya did that? No. I think she played her cards perfectly. Yeah. I think she's the role model. Right? Right. Because she's super sexy. Like I think she's beautiful. But she was a Disney star for a long time. Yeah. And she kind of like shifted over to being who she is now from who she was then said She's seamless actress and Right. Got in a Lot kind movies and stuff. Right. But that's the way to do it. Like that's the poster way to do that. I don't know what the answer is, but I have written down makeup tip of the year as your big makeup Person. I don't know if we came up with This one. You don't have one? All right, we'll move on to the next one. College food and drink. Weird budget MVPs.


All right. This is stuff when you're in college, you're racing around. Especially like you, you're playing sports. You have only like 30 minutes to eat, 20 minutes to eat, 10 minutes to grab something. I have a bunch of food here. So where do you wanna start? I wanna start off by saying Starbucks saved my life. Okay. The dining hall usually closed before soccer practice would be over. And there were countless times where the Starbucks next door to me would provide my meals. I think I ate strictly Starbucks for probably two months straight. So you purport, you support the Starbucks Union. I support Starbucks. So you have, I wrote down Starbucks eggs bite egg bites. Yes, absolutely.


Spinach feta wrap. Yes. Yes. And macha latte was a big one for you this Year. I love a macha latte. I was, I'm obviously a college student and I need as much energy as I can get. Yeah. And coffee. Sometimes I'm just not in the mood for it. And matcha actually like gives me the caffeine boost, boost that I need without the come down. 'cause sometimes from coffee I'll like get tired a few hours after having it. Yeah. Matcha like makes my entire body feel fantastic. And it's a good healthy energy boost. 'cause it's green tea In that Starbucks that's next to your dorm. There's probably what, 10, 11 people that work there? How many of them knew who You were? Oh, we're friends.


I have a friend every morning that I say hello to. Okay. It's wonderful. Chopsticks. Oh yes. Chopsticks. I'll put hummus on them. I'll put Put Can you explain what chopsticks are? Chos? Because most people don't know Chot. It's a meat stick. I'm, I guarantee you most people know. Okay. It's like a long meat Stick. It's like a Jerky. Yeah, it's a jerky but it's made out of Turkey and it, it's delicious. Me and mom were on the ski mounts the other day and she was appalled because I was putting mustard on the chos sticks on my chopsticks. But chopsticks, I don't regret it one bit. Chomps steaks are my MVP in 2024. So that would've been, that's the answer to the question. Weirdest thing I did with my food in 2024. Putting mustard in a public Place. Chos, it's up like the pickles dipped in the cottage cheese with the hummus.


I don't know. Yeah. That was the last MVP was hummus, pickles and cottage cheese. Yep. So you would just walk to this Trader Joe's in Boston, buy a bunch of weird food Yep. And then cramm them into a small college. Yep. Refrigerator into my little fridge and no one would touch that fridge in my suite. Right. They all knew they opened it up And it, none of them wanted food. It's like, this is a crime scene. Yeah. There's like, is there any pizza in there? That's why I'm like a good, I good as a roommate because no one wants to eat my stuff. Yeah. Like even if anyone was trying to eat my things, no one would want to Last. Category advice to my younger self as an athlete and future strong woman. Oh, Future strong woman. I don't know. I was projecting, you're Projecting Things you learned now that you're 19 and a half things you wish you could have told yourself at age 12, 13, 14.


Sure. Well, I think on a relationships standpoint, because that was partially what I was thinking of when we wrote this down. And this is advice that I give to my friends a lot of the times in a relationship you have just as much power as the other person. And succumbing to like whatever they want at all times is super unhealthy. Yeah. And I think that that's definitely something that I've learned over the years. Just like not folding over. I've definitely become a lot more feisty since I've gotten to college. I think in middle school, as you know, a lot of people like walk all over me because I'm a nice person.


Yeah. And I would like allow that to happen. But standing up for yourself is something obviously that you learn with Age. It's been nice to have you home when we taught you how to be bullied again. But me and Bob just telling you what to do and yelling at you. Yeah, Exactly. It's good complaining about you. Right. As a soccer forefront or just sports in general? I think you cannot continue on if you don't love it. Hmm. That's something that I, I have learned to be true. I've gone through injury last year where I thought I might have to quit. There's been lots of times in my life where it's like, I don't wanna miss any more birthday parties or any anymore friend play dates. I feel like I'm losing friends. Like I don't wanna do this sport anymore. And pushing through that and knowing that you have the love to push through the, the sacrifices is the most important thing.


You won't make it if you don't. Yeah. You know, that's interesting. 'cause I think that's the number one thing I learned as a parent too. Yeah. That if the kid doesn't love it, you, there's nothing you can do as a parent. You can't make someone love something. Yeah. You'll burn them out. Like I've seen it, If you had two, you had two real injuries and each time you could have said, eh, I don't wanna play anymore. Yeah. It's not worth it. But each time you really wanted to keep playing and you fought to get back and healthy, which you did again. Yeah. Recently. But I've other people there. Well, I've seen it happen time to time again where it's like people I've played with that are dying for it to be over. Yeah. Because it's like they either feel like they were forced to do it or like they were doing it for somebody else. And in part I'll always play for you because I know how much you love to watch me play, but I mostly played because of how much I love it.


And if I didn't love it, I would not be able to do it for as long as I have. Yeah. And you're playing, I mean, you're in a more physical position too, right? So it's not like your body's pretty banged up by the end of the season if you're playing big minutes. Right. But I think that also feeds into like the giving yourself the right nutrients and like being a healthy person in general. Yeah. Because there's a lot of like, I don't know, on TikTok especially, it's like what I eat in a day as a fat person is literally like all over my for you page. Like there's a lot of people promoting really unhealthy eating or like what I eat in a day as a skinny person. Like these are literal headlines of videos that I've watched.


Like this lady Liv Schmidt who was canceled all year because she was underweight and like kind of promoting an unhealthy eating style. Right. It seems like she's like adapted a, a more healthy eating style. But with social media and with TikTok, there's a lot of promotion of the way that people eat. And it's, it's not anything like we've ever had before because social media was never so big. So I think, well, it's also making people think about food. Right. More than maybe they would. Right. It's like it becomes people's entire universes. And I've definitely dealt with that. And as an athlete, it's important to give yourself the right nutrients. I think that's important too. That's what I've learned. Do wonder, The more I like, the more time we have with social media, I do wonder if it reemphasizes things that are potential problems anyway.


Right. Like food or if you, if you think you have some sort of hangup or something wrong and then Well, yeah. It's like people self-diagnose themselves all the time. Yeah. People change like, and it's hard because when you feel like you're in a really tough place and you don't know what's wrong with you, and then you see somebody else that might be having similar symptoms to you Yeah. And you finally feel like you're being heard or like you found the solution, that's a really gratifying feeling. But in the end of the day, it's probably not what you have. Right. And it's like people go down this rabbit hole and social media was not something that we were intended to have as human beings. And it's like you have all of this insight on people's lives that you would never cross paths with otherwise.


Yeah. So it like creates a really weird universe for a lot of people like me where it's like I'll be seeing all these food videos or all of these like whatever source of videos that I, I normally wouldn't ever see or pay attention to. So it's just weird. Well, one other thing you learned in 2024 is you could be a good nurse. A good nurse. Yeah. I could, honestly, I think I could. Your boyfriend, your boyfriend hurt his leg. Oh. And was in a cast for six weeks. Yeah. And you had to take care of him. Yeah. But you did. I did. You did a good job. I did. It seems like you did a decent job. I tried my best, but that's, yeah, that's something I had to learn. Rolling someone around in a wheelchair is not as easy as it looks.


You finally got, you finally got to be in a Grey's Anatomy episode. I know. I almost pushed him into the traffic a few times. All right. Anything else before we go? I don't Think so. Happy New Year. Happy New Year. Good to see you. That was it for Teen Culture. I guess we'll have to come up with another name if we do this again. Yeah, We'll, we'll fix It up. You turned 20 in five months beginning of May. Yep. I don dunno what we'll call it at that point. Yeah, We'll figure it out. All right. Good to see you. Bye. Alright, that's it for the podcast. Thanks to Joe House. Thanks to my daughters Zoe Simmons. Can't believe I was able to book her. Thanks to Sir Rudy and thanks to Kyle. Thanks to you guys for listening. Don't forget Sunday me and the because are going to be going live on YouTube after all the Sunday games.


And you can watch the because and everybody else in The Ringer Sunday pregame show that morning. I will see you on Sunday night. Enjoy the weekend. Must be 21 plus in President Select states for Kansas and affiliation with Kansas Star Casino or 18 plus in President dc. Gambling problem, call 100 gambler. Visit rg help.com.


Call 1 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org/chat in Connecticut. Or visit md gambling help.org in Maryland. Hope is here. Visit a gambling help line ma.org or call 803 2 7 50 50 for twenty four seven. Support Massachusetts. Or call 1 8 7 7 8 Hope ny. Or text Hope NY in New York.