
Coming up. It is somehow the second podcast of the weekend, NFL Sal.


Next, it's The Bill Simmons Podcast presented by FanDuel Football is in full action. FanDuel's highest rated sports book is the best place to bet it all. We've been doing pretty well on million dollar picks this year. I love the first month of the season because you have to go into the season thinking. I think Pittsburgh's gonna be good. I think the Chargers are gonna be good. I think Seattle's gonna be good. And then trying to back what you think in those first few weeks. And then zag the other way. if you were wrong, you could bid on new and fun markets on FanDuel, like to catch a pass. Same game parlays highest scoring game across the Sunday Slate offensive tds in the next drive. They have so much stuff, it's crazy. The app is safe and scary and easy to use. And when you win, you'll get paid instantly. Plus, look out for FanDuel Squares this season. Here's what you have to do. Visit FanDuel dot com slash bs to download America's number one Sportsbook The Ringer is committed to responsible gaming. Please visit rg help.com to learn more about the resources and helplines available. And listen to the end of the episode. For additional details. You must be 21 plus and President Select states gambling problem called win hundred gambler or visit rg help.com.


This episode is brought to you by SimpliSafe. It's normal to worry about your kids, but did you know you could worry it a little less with a SimpliSafe home security system? It'll help protect you and your family when you need it most. And you know when you realize you need SimpliSafe, if you subscribe to one of those neighborhood newsletters and you get those notifications this happened, that happened, and you go, wait, that's only a couple blocks from me. Well, right now is the time to get SimpliSafe for a limited time. Get an exclusive 50% discount on a new system, plus a free indoor security camera with Fast Protect monitoring just by visiting SimpliSafe dot com slash bs. There's no safe like SimpliSafe.


We're also brought to you by The Ringer, Podcast Network, where you can hear the re watchable. Every Monday night we put up a new episode that you can also watch on our Ringer Movies YouTube channel. I'll just tell you this, I'm not gonna tell you the movie, but it's scary. Movie month. Scary month. Yeah, scary month. That's what we're calling it. October is scary. Month on the re watchable. So we will be having horror movies. Tomorrow's the first one. Seventh, 14th, 21st. That's five horror movies. Wow. This is gonna be exciting. So that is gonna be in the re watchable all month. And we are also gonna be in New York doing a live show on October 7th.


I'll tell everyone the movie on my Thursday podcast so you can have a few days to prepare for it. But very excited. We're gonna be on Broadway. We sold out. I don't know how many seats it is. It's like 1,011 hundred. The music box is the location. Looking forward to seeing everybody in a week. Looking forward to talking to your Cousin Sal in a second about NFL. if you missed it, I did. I'm not gonna call it an emergency pod, but a special pod. A bonus pod on Saturday because the Knicks made that big trade with Minnesota confusing. Not sure who won it. Had to bring out Austin Rivers and we talked about it. We hashed out our opinions. I had a great time.


you can also watch that podcast on YouTube. It's only like 50 minutes, but we hit all of the basics. So we will not be talking about that trade on this podcast. We will be talking to Cousin Sal. We did it live on YouTube, as always, as we do it on Sunday nights, let's bring in our friends from world. We are live Sunday night, Bill Simmons podcast.


Cousin Sal is, so we're gonna do guests the lines later. Right now we're looking our wounds. Buffalo Sal all the way up to eight and a half. Seemed like the easiest tease in the world. They had other ideas. We're both a little somber. Hate starting the podcast with somber energy. But Buffalo, no, this, this is great 'cause because next week is after the Steelers Cowboys. So I I expect things to be much different. But yeah. Shit man, IIII had them, you know, they hadn't lost by like double digits in like 20 months or something insane. I looked back and of course I did enough losing them. I'm like, all right, I'll put this with the bills. I'll put this with the bills. Plus listen, if there's a candidate running on the, we will outlaw teasers platform.


I'll vote for you. I don't care. Whatever I thought before I, I have to be done with it crushing me. I've, I've done three on million dollar picks and I'm over for three and how I joked about it, but now I'm mad. Now I'm just like, I'm gonna keep doing this until one of 'em wins and then never do one of them again. But the thi the thought process was yeah, it'll probably be a one score game. Even if Buffalo's down 10 11 in the fourth quarter, you know, they'll be able to get the cheap touchdown. Little backdoor action. Baltimore's defense has been letting that happen all year. Baltimore's defense was great tonight. I I was really surprised they were fast. They're chasing Allen around. Yep. They shut down the run. They were really into it and it was a Sunday night and they showed up their two and two, their two losses are likelys foot on the line in week one against Kansas City and then blowing that stupid Raiders game, which will probably go down as the dumbest result of the year.


But they were oh and two, we were wondering if they were even gonna make the playoffs and now they look great. They look great. I was with you. I said, these teams are evenly matched and just like you, I was like this. They love blowing leads. Baltimore as good as they looked against Dallas, they tried to blow that lead. They didn't, Buffalo's gonna stay within one score, but someone forgot to tell Derek Henry Bill. Yeah, now that's, that was best pickup of the year. I guess it has to be almost 200 yards rushing has to be 12 Barkley. He has not lost one step, the 87 yard touchdown to start the game. It's weird. 'cause I don't wanna say he's faster 'cause he is probably not.


But he does have, it's almost like watching a train that gets momentum and it just seems like he's, he's just has so much momentum. It's just going faster and faster and faster. He is not like Tyreek fast, but he does pull away from these dudes still even after all these years, including Hamlin, who was, it felt like he was like, by, by the time that run was over, he was like three yards ahead of everybody. I like he, you know, I like the narrative vote. Wait till it gets cold and no one wants to tackle him thing. Not the third week in September, fourth week in September. He must be running with like an igloo in his, in his chest. But yeah, it's not good. And you know, everyone's like, is is personally, it's like, oh, Jerry's effing cheapskate.


You know, he didn't pay. I'm like, why don't we just pay Justice Hill? I would've taken Justice Hill at this point. Why wouldn't you Derek Henry, God damnit. Well I have both ravens on the ki our ke league and it's gotten to the point where there might be certain matchups where you just start both of them. I don't know if that how many times running backs have gotten to that, but it's like, I don't know. Yeah, there might be games where the two of them come by and can get to 200. My big takeaway from that game though, Sal, and this might be a rock paper scissors thing and look, could have been a bad night for Buffalo. I'm not willing to say it would happen every time, but Baltimore did seem bigger. Like, you know, but I was a little worried about Buffalo's defense with Bernard out and Milano out their pass rush just been good.


They've looked good when they've had leads, but when they were behind and they had to just kind of stop Henry and they had to stop Justice Hill, it just felt like the size of the two teams was a little different. Did you notice that? Yeah, it definitely seen, I saw the speed chasing Alan down. That was the first thing that jumped out at me. And the size and the fact that the middle was open for anything, whether it was a big run up the middle or just a pass. And everyone's like, well that's, that's the bills kryptonite. Like really the entire middle of the field. Like yeah, that's the, that's the guts of their defense. I'm like, oh, what was gonna be k kryp mess year? Yeah, right. It seemed like every part of the field was there. Kryptonite. Yeah. So I'm in this, this guillotine league this year that I told you about.


I got roped in. I'm somebody's partner and we had a terrible day today. The best. Yeah, we, we had one of the best teams, but we had Brie Hall who I, we'll talk about him later, but I, I mean he was one of the first, second or third pick in every fantasy league and he's been in catastrophe. We had that Carson Steele guy who fumbled on the first series and was never seen again. So all of a sudden we're going into these Sunday night, Monday night games and I have the buffalo and a tease, but we also really need Lamar to do stuff. And I'm like, I'm just like, my head was spinning. These guillotine leagues are great. What a cool idea. I don't know why, why we didn't even know about these things until 20. Tell everyone what, it's a lot, a lot of people don't know what it's, it's, it's, so it's it's 18 weeks, 18 teams, everybody drafts and you can start, you start nine players at least in the one I'm in, it's quarterback.


Two running backs, two receivers, two flex, and a tight end. And that's it. So you can have great two awesome guys on your team can have a shit week and all of a sudden you're going home and the way they do it is the order is if you're 18th and week one you're out and then everybody gets to draft your players. There's auctions. So now we're in week four and we're getting to the point where when guys get knocked, like if we get knocked out, which is very possible tomorrow, then we have Lamar, we have Bri Hall, like people will be bidding a lot of their sour cap. But it, it's, it's cool So it, it's part expertise but then it's part kind of dumb luck the best. And we have it's hall in this stupid, this stupid Denver game where Bow Nicks wins the game with 60 yards passing, which hasn't happened since 2007.


Yeah. Anyway, I'm in the same sinking boat as you with 15 teams left. It's like you need about 70, 75 points to win. But I'll, I'll need like 40 outta golf. But it, it's still the greatest. Yeah. Trying to do it with your friends. I need, I need tomorrow I need Montgomery and, and JSN on the Seahawks. And if I can get those two to get about four, I basically need three touchdowns between them. It's not looking great. You got it. You got it. So I asked you, and this is a good time to do this, let's pick the A FC and the NFC title game matchups. I think we should this every four weeks. Okay. What we think the matchups are gonna be, including location of the game. We didn't, we didn't compare notes and I had a lot of a lot of trouble doing this.


But your a FC title game right now after week four and we'll pick this up again in week eight. Maybe we'll make a little quip after week 16 of our four choices. So this is after week four, a FC title game. Embarrassing is where what city? Okay, well this isn't exactly fair 'cause I feel like I need to see Tennessee play at least one more game. And we we're doing this before the money. No, they're saying l had a great week of practice. Really everything was on in sync for the first time. Yeah, I don't wanna be a prisoner of the moment. I don't know if this is why you're doing this because we're just coming off the Ravens game and you're like, I had an idea they're going to the Super Bowl and we're gonna be, and I did this last week and I left my beloved Washington commanders out of the playoffs and and then they won two great games in six days.


I am sticking with my pick bill's home for the Chiefs bill's home for the Chiefs. Yes. I think the Ravens are about 10 or 15% better with Derrick Henry. But I still think they could do what they do. You know, they'll lose a lead and blow it in January and whatever. September team is different from a January team. So, and we'll get into the Chiefs later, but they always seem to be there and I like thinking that they'll make the final two in the a FC. So before the game tonight I had Buffalo at Kansas City. Okay. And then I got sent to the moment penitentiary and they put me behind bars and I became a prisoner. And now I have Baltimore Kansas City.


Perfect. Because I think Buffalo has lost like real stuff on defense and yeah, we've seen them with a lead, which is one thing, but when they had to be behind and actually get some stops and have to stop a bigger, more physical team. I just, we see this every year and we always forget, and basketball is a little similar to this too, where teams that can look one way in the regular season, the playoffs, that can be a little different. Right. I just like the size of Baltimore a little bit more. When we get to January now we have the whole Lamar piece of it, which has not been solved in January yet and why he hasn't been able to have success. But just in general, I like the feel of that team more.


But we all know Casey is gonna go 14 and three, but the point differential of those 14 wins will be, you know, like 40 points and they're gonna go into the playoffs and they're gonna get somehow a round one by, and then in round two they're gonna win by two. And in the a FFC title game they'll win by three and in the Super Bowl they'll come from behind and they'll win by one and they'll win three playoff games by six points and be our title team, which you just unbelievable And probably Henry Rugs coming back, he's been pardoned to come back and be their number two receiver. I that's what I got. B Baltimore Casey.


All right. I I just listen, we can't do this. I, I know. This is what we do. We're sports media, we supposed to make a big deal out of these night games. They're supposed to be more important than, but if, if Baltimore loses to Cincinnati next week by double digits, then what are you gonna do? You gotta keep changing. Well, it's a process of elimination. It's nobody else in the a a C West. It's nobody in the a ffc south unless Houston can have a personality transplant and it's not the Jets. So now we got it going to the A FC North and it's either Pittsburgh or it's Baltimore. No, that's fine. And from what we saw from Pittsburgh today, that was the first time I, I started to wonder if their defense Yeah. Was a little bit of a rabbit in the 1500 meter race that all of a sudden starts fading a tiny bit.


'cause the Colts, the Colts did a lot of things to them in that game too. That, that, that made me nervous. They did. I think Ballport Casey's the safest bet. What do you have for the NFC? Alright, NFCI am again, I think sticking with my preseason pick, don't love it as much. Lions Host, the San Francisco 49 ERs actually, they're not really hosting them. The game is gonna be in Springfield, Ohio because that, that city has taken so much shit and I feel like they're gonna pay, pay the no Lions Hope home for 49 ERs. Is it crazy to pass, say Minnesota at Detroit in the ee title game? No, I'm still leaning toward the year from health thing with the Niners.


Even though they won today. I, and I really like how that Minnesota team looks and I, I know we're gonna talk about them later, but, but I'm a believer, I, I think especially maybe there's one or two moves they can make before the trade deadline. But I'm a believer they're really well coached. That game was over, it was 28, nothing, you know, and then that guy muffs a punt and all of a sudden Green Bay gets this 28 7 where the, it looked like they were gonna lose 50 to nothing. But I, you know, I I just thought Minnesota was dominant in that game and they've answered a lot of questions. They have two really good receivers, including the best receiver in the league who can just seem to get over and over and over again.


They can run the ball this year. Jones was really good today and darn was, was good. And it's not incon. I guess we're gonna talk Minnesota right now, but it's not inconceivable to me that darn could get to an NFC title game because we've seen weird shit like that with, with quarterbacks that we kind of gave up on and then had these comeback seasons or rejuvenation seasons or rejuvenation seasons. It's happened, it's happened a bunch of times. It's so weird. I guess I have to shed the bias that this Minnesota team is similar to the Kirk Cousins Minnesota team that won every game by one score and we didn't believe in them even though they had an incredible record, which, you know, this, despite these team would be lucky, lucky to get this team's not that team. This team's going up by 20, you know, they're going up by 2025.


They don't give you a break. Like we gotta, we could talk about that game, but like maybe Jordan Love, first of all, that was a foregone conclusion with the, with the public that oh, Jordan love's back Vikings need to take a step back. Jordan Love wasn't ready for like a quarter and a half, which usually should be okay. Yeah. The Vikings didn't let 'em in that game. I mean, I, I know the onside kick would've changed it at the end, but they're like, no, we're not gonna give you a chance to catch up here and get your footing back. They just, they kicked the crap out of them right away. It was very similar to the Pittsburgh Kirk cousins game in week one, where somebody who was going from it had been a while before they'd been in a game like that to all of a sudden getting thrown into it. Love. I mean he basically no preseason at all.


Then he plays in Brazil in that stupid field and gets hurt, right? Yeah. And then he's sitting out and then he comes back and he has to play that Minnesota team. I thought Pittsburgh had the best defense in the league, but it's, it's Minnesota probably buy a hair just 'cause of all the turnovers. I mean, one, the one of the things that jumped out today, almost like in basketball when a team that has a really good defense is getting a lot of deflections and they're just like, they're just touching the ball and balls are getting tipped out of bounds and they're blocking or they're getting steals. The Minnesota defense, I swear to God, they must have touched like eight or nine footballs that were just passes. Either they tipped or they almost intercepted or there was a deflection. I i, I don't know if that's a stat if somebody keeps that, but I, it was just surreal how many times they touch the football hands all over like the 49 ERs.


Usually I would Fred Warner and everything. Yeah. Smothering. That's like too many, too many basketball references. 12 minutes into That's fine. I mean there a big trade this weekend. I'm starting again, but yeah, love looked rusty. The Packers couldn't cover Alexander was out, so that really hurt them. They also had a bunch of drops. They got it from, it was 20 nothing all of a sudden it was 28, 22. And my good friend Jeff, lifelong Minnesota fans, like I turned it off. I can't watch like he's just like all his vikings DNA kicked in. But they had a pretty good drive where they trusted Donald and he actually, it wasn't one of those like run the ball.


Like he, he converted. Yeah, he must have thrown five or six times and converted some big plays. They got a field goal. One thing with the Packers that I think, you know, I'm just gonna mark, like they still don't have a field goal kicker. Like they're gonna wave the dude from today. He missed, what did he miss too? Yeah, Galveston it is very, it is more important than know they never seem like they have a kicker. Yeah, I know. Who was the last big one? They're Crosby, they're the easiest time ever to kick a field goal. They somehow, they still don't have one but, so they gotta figure that out. And I, I still have talent standpoint. I think they're in the top four in the NFC but you know, there's some, some some nitpick stuff. You could definitely do it. Do you think? Darn.


Okay, so if you, if you have Minnesota, well does that mean you have 'em like a top two seed? If they're going or they're gonna pull some upsets if they're gonna go to the finals and see finals I have them as the five seed. Oh really? Okay. The highest wild card in my head. I think they can get to the highest wild card. That means they'll play, you know, the worst division team which will probably be the NFC East. Sorry. No. And then, and then you know, they win that and then they would have to play whoever in the next one. I guess it would be tough for them. So Detroit, if Detroit was the one seed, they'd probably have to play Detroit in in round two if they were the five seat. Right. That's how it like there So it if Donald is properly placed at 11 to one for MVP.


'cause everyone that's, that's the thing everybody's bringing up here. I was like, well listen, he has to be a top one or two seat to be considered there, but he's fifth on the list behind Lamar, Stroud, Allen and Mahomes. Wait, Lamar is the top guy on FanDuel right now? No, sorry, I read it backwards. So Mahomes is a top guy plus two 30. Josh Allen. I mean we could discuss that too. Mahomes like, yeah, I wanna do that. Let's do that and then we'll take a break. Mahomes plus two 30. This is on FanDuel Allen plus three 20 Stroud plus nine 50. Yeah. Lamar 10 to one. Sam darn 11 one. And then the reason I wanna talk about this Purdy at 16 to one I think is a great bet and I watched every play of that game today.


The Niners Pats game, the second game in a row. He's just, he's really good. He's really ni nifty. He, he creates, creates time and gets outta shit. He hits de balls. They had three receivers today that had catches I think of like 38 or 40 yards or more every game they, it's almost like they get a long play per quarter and their whole philosophy of just run, run, run, hit you deep, run, run, run, hit you deep and he throws the deep ball better than anybody in the league at this point. Plus he can escape pressure and buy himself time. I think he's really good. A great deep ball. Maybe not like a rocket for an arm. You know, I think that people, that's the one knock on him.


But I think he's got amongst like the top three in field awareness for like when he's like rolling left. Yeah. He knows just before he is about to step out and a lot of times can complete it. And I think that was the, the plays you're talking about, how he comes comes up looking, looking pretty. There he is. He's very good shifting. What was shifting was his odds just, yeah, 16 to one. I think those are pretty good odds because you figure in the NFC, could San Francisco potentially get to a one seat or a two seed, which is where you have to get for NFL mvp and they obviously could, right? It's them or whoever comes outta the NFC north would be the two possibilities for the one seed. I think, you know, there is still some year from hell potential for them with the injuries though.


That's been a problem. Yeah, Debo came back senior. I don't wanna wanna, yeah, I don't wanna say all the injuries are behind them 'cause they still don't have the best player in the league back and I don't know that, but I do think they could, they could win double digit games without McCaffrey now, right? Oh yeah. I don't think, I would've thought that two weeks ago. There's a lot of buzz that he might not be back. Like he, yeah, it might be like December range. So if you have him on your fantasy team, I would just, I would just send the check to whoever your commissioner is. But yeah, at the same time, like Mason has been running the ball really well for them, right? They have. They, whatever that system is, it doesn't seem to really totally matter who the running back is. They can always get yards. But then the fact that Jennings, who I think all of us have liked for a couple years, and I've always wondered why he didn't get more targets.


He always seemed to make these big third down catches in big games. 50 like, oh, why that throw that guy more balls. Yeah. Yeah. Right, right. But now they've elevated him and it almost feels like he's become this year more important than Ayu who they just made. Yeah, I was gonna say like the trade off is McCaffrey, but Ayu is your third target and you're still winning. Like they're, they're doing okay. He might be, you could argue he might be the fourth target this year after Kendall. Just that the way the games have gone. Yeah, after, yeah. Maybe Deebo and whatever. But regardless, Jennings Ascension, I think has made the McCaffrey thing a a lot, a lot more palatable for them. All right, we're gonna take a break for the podcast and we're gonna stay here on YouTube and then we're gonna talk about the NFC East.


Well that was a rollercoaster week four in the NFL. It's not even over yet. But FanDuel has given you another chance to start the season with big return. And they're doing it on America's number one sports book. You'll get started with $200 of bonus bets guaranteed when you place your first $5 bet on tonight's game. It could be Titans at Dolphins, it could be Seahawks at Lions. I am partial to the Lions. I love the first half and the Game Lions money line, which is around even then you can throw in some rushing stuff. If you'd like Montgomery to get a touchdown, whatever you want, throw 'em all together and go nuts. Just visit FanDuel dot com slash bs to make every moment more this season. FanDuel is an official sports book partner of the NFL. You must be 21 plus in President select states or 18 plus and President DC First online Real money wage only $5 First deposit required bonus issue does non trouble bonus pitch, which expires seven days after receipt restrictions. Apply C terms at sportsbook FanDuel dot com call 1-800-GAMBLER or visit rg help do com.


This episode is brought to you by State Farm. State Farm helps you score an affordable price when you choose to bundle home and auto insurance with the personal price plan. Bundling home and auto. That's a pro move. Just another way you can save on your insurance needs. Talk to a State Farm agent today to learn how you can bundle and save with the personal price plan like a good neighbor. State Farm is there. Prices are based on rating plans that vary by state coverage. Options are selected by the customer availability. Amount of discounts and savings and eligibility vary by state.


I just, this is what I typed under Washington Cardinals, god dammit. Is Washington gonna win the NFC East? I mean there's six days they've completely flipped it and it feels like that division's wide open and it might be nine and eight might take it, but 10 and seven I think is definitely gonna take it. They were so good today against Arizona. Arizona comes out, they score on the first drive I had Arizona in the over is one of my, is one of my bets, feeling great. Just rooting for both sides. Washington comes back and scores. I'm like, this is great. The over is gonna be so easy. And then every time Washington got the ball, they scored. Yeah. And it was, I think we saw their punter once.


I think we've seen their punter once in two weeks and it's so easy. The guys are open. Daniels doesn't miss, did you see he's 87 for 1 0 6 this season. He, he is 19 in completions. Doesn't miss, and when he rolls out, he is faster and quicker than everybody. He looks like, almost like faster Lamar, there's guys open everywhere. Their chemistry's great. And it looks like in the span of a week they've completely reinvented themselves and he's so in control too. Like, he's so good. Not so not a spazz. There's, there's running quarterbacks who are a little spastic and nervous. He is like, I know what I'm gonna do. I know where I'm gonna put the ball. Even his, even his interception was like, ah man, I see what he was doing there.


Really could have had that there. Yeah. But he is so solid. Converting third down, I have a, I have a friend who's a casual Cardinals fan, Arizona Cardinals fan. I said, I, I texted him, I'm like, that might be the best offense you see all year. And he's like, go fuck yourself. I was like, no, I'm not talking you now. I'm, I'm serious. Right. That might be the best. They, they punted once in like two and a half weeks. It's, it's crazy. So I don't know what to think of this. Like they're, they should be favored in some of these games. We're gonna go to this, but they are spectacular. And before the game when the Eagles were losing and the Cowboys looked like crap, but won on Thursday. I was like, oh man, we might be able to take this division at seven and 10. I'm like, Nope. Right here come the Washington Commanders who's gonna hit double digits.


It looks like I wanted so badly to pick them to win the division before the year and I just couldn't get there. We talked about it on the Yeah. And when we did our under pods, 'cause their defense just looked like it was gonna be a sieve. It looked like they were gonna have one of the three worst defenses in the league. That might still be the case, although they're pretty good today. I think when you look at how easy it is for them to get first down, when Daniels never misses, when he can run around, when anytime he wants, it feels like he can get seven yards. And then they're playing this Arizona defense that after day, their 32nd and completion percentage for the other team, 78.6%. I kind of wish I had realized that before I picked this because there were just guys open everywhere.


But there was another piece and we didn't talk about it on the Sunday pre-game show today that we did for YouTube to be in FanDuel. Yeah. The Kingsbury revenge game i, I think was a real thing, right? Yeah. Did you hear that? Did you hear that theorized anywhere? I, I, I actually didn't realize that it was a thing, but I think it was. No, I didn't. All I know is my friend Harry from Against all odds would check his garbage because he lived in the neighborhood and try to find like play sheets and stuff and he still lives there. But other than that I didn't hear much on it. That is a true story. Yeah, well there was a clip at, I mean, the best, the best videos ever, the locker rooms after the NFL Sure. After whatever win and you get see the guy and he holding the ball up and he does the speech and then to this guy right here and the whole locker room goes nuts.


So Dan Quinn did it today and it must have dropped at like 11 or 12 F-bombs. I was really impressed. He must be like a real swear. But he, he was giving the ball at a cliff and he was like, this guy, we came back and whatever he did and the locker room went crazy So, it seemed like they really like him. But I just like the vibes and the chemistry house and I talked about it Thursday there. There's a lot of like, the way teammates are talking about Daniels, you kind of know it. When you see the quotes, you're like, oh, oh this is happening. Like the the other guys in the team are talking about us especially as, so I think this, there's something there. I I certainly like their team better than your team. Oh yeah, yeah, yeah. For sure. And you know, like not counting the draft, Derrick Henry was the best pickup in the off season.


I think Cliff Kingsbury was second. you can maybe say Barkley was second. I think Kingsbury. Yeah. He's now in over bar the top four. No question. Finishing last. I'm trying to think. The Packers everyone The Patriot. Yeah. Yeah. Any Packers. Hey, that was, that early slate was great. Let, let's give it up for the NFL. I mean there was, there was scoring, I didn't have enough TVs. I had six games going and I, and I couldn't even get jets. Denver, that capacity of a offensive battle quarterbacks with more than 40 yards at halftime throughout. It was terrific. It was really fun. And yeah. And stuff where topsy-turvy stuff where you would take a game off and then it was like, oh shit, I guess I gotta get the Vikings back on a tv.


Two more Daniels things. One, we talked about it and I think you took it in our futures draft Daniels for offensive player of the year was six to one. I did. And Caleb was plus one 20 rookie. And we had a lot of dialogue about how stupid it was. And I don't think I actually betted in real life. And we were like, what's the difference between these two guys? Like what? Like they seem to have equal chances to succeed. Yeah. Their talent is around the same, it's not inconceivable either guy could take off. And when you watch Caleb and, and Caleb had some good throws today and some bad ones, but he's also, what, two years younger than than Jayden? maybe two and a half years. But D Daniel's just seems so much more polished than him.


He just seems like a guy in his mid twenties. I'm trying to compare him to Stroud at this point a month in. Right. So Stroud gave you a confidence, you wanted betting on him and everything and just looking at him as a quarterback, he may even have a little more confidence, just a little more, I I, I know what I'm doing with this ball kind of thing. Yeah. Yeah. But he was six to one. I, I feel like a little bit of a trend here. It's like you don't, don't go with the guy everyone's screaming about go with the second guy, you know? Right. Second for of rookie of the year. That's kind of what happened the last couple years. But we'll see. He's got some good, he's got some good sideline confidence too when they show him like coming at a commercial. There's always like a couple teammates around him. He always seems like he's in the middle of some story and he's, he's got that swagger to him that QBs need.


I was thinking who has it better in the NFL right now? The jaded Daniels because he's playing well, his team loves him. He's, he's obviously good. He is proving it, but he's doing it for this fan base that is probably the most grateful fan base of all the 32 fan bases to have a good quarterback. Is there any other fan base that would be like, I can't believe this is happening for us. Like, I have multiple Washington fans in my life, including two that came on the pod last week and both of them that it's like watching people being afraid to talk during a no hitter about how well the pitcher's doing. Like they just can't get over it. What other team would have this dynamic I get?


'cause somebody would say like the Bears, the Bears have never a quarterback, but the Bears. That's what I would say. That's the only one I would say the Bears fans are like, we're never, I mean they, it's like even if they had a quarterback, they'd be like, this is gonna go bad. Like they would, they would just assume, ah, Danish will get hurt. But the Washington fans, they've actually had some Super Bowls and some success and with, with good quarterbacks and, and a new owner and they can convince themselves that, right. Like this is a, the ship is about to be righted. So yeah, he is in a very good spot. I hope he doesn't screw it up. I really that he could be, that, that could be a legend in Washington, right? Yeah. This could be like the guy in the Washington marriage next. David Chang. Yeah. Yeah. Well, Chang Chang left, took in Pa Pasadena took off.


Yeah, he's in Pasadena. He doesn't care. Jay Dan's gonna end up in Pasadena. You'll see. Well the Eagles, the Eagles got slaughtered today and that means the, that was fun. NFC East division is looking like this. Philly is even odds. Dallas is plus two 20 and Washington is plus three 10. Wow. And that makes no sense to me whatsoever. Why would, why is Philly even odds in Washington's plus three 10? How does that make sense? They have the same number of wins, don't they? They both have two losses. Philly has Philly's two and two, they both two and two. Yeah. Yep. They're both two and two and one team.


Well, the one team got it looked awesome and killed the Cardinals. Granted the Cardinals may not be good. The other team has missing both receivers. Lane Johnson was hurt. Their quarterback has seven turnovers this year. He's had 27 since last season, which leads the league. They gave up 29 first downs today to Baker Mayfield. This is the second time he's kicked their ass in nine months. They're heading into a bye week. And I wouldn't be surprised that they fired their coach tomorrow. So why would they be the favorites in the nfcs? So you would have 'em bolted around like one 60 plus one 60 ish. I would all three of 'em. Yeah. Between minus one 50, minus one 90, something like that. I wouldn't have anybody odds like that.


Who's betting Philly right now, who's like, Hey, I just, I just put five grand on, on Philly on FanDuel. No, nobody. I, this is all based on who's traditionally there in December, who's, who's left. Right. And I think also people need to see the Commander's defense a little more. Sure. Otherwise it is just gonna be, is just gonna be, you know, back and forth. Well, can I give next five games? Because this is where it gets super interesting. Washington or Philly? Washington. Why, why? I know they have Ignite game against Philly. Yeah. Next week they're home for Cleveland. Austin Gale had had a tweet about how Cleveland's first four weeks or the worst four weeks offensively EPA in the history of the franchise since they moved back.


Right. Think about how many awful quarterbacks they've had. This is the nadir of Cleveland offense. So they play them in week five, they're at Baltimore in week six, home Carolina Week seven, home Chicago, week eight. And they're at the Giants week nine. You could argue that they're gonna win four of those next five. That'd be fun. Fun. They might be favored in four of the next five, right? Yeah. They be favor in everything with that Baltimore game. Well, and that's gonna be a fun one, right? I mean that's regional rights there, right there. Yeah. That's for turf. Oh yeah. That's a good one. Yeah. I mean I listen when you, the guy he's been being compared to being, compared to Peyton Manning. Jayden Daniels is, and that offense is being compared to your team with like two points of drive or whatever it ends up being.


Yeah. It's just insanity. What we're seeing out of that, on paper it made sense in the summer and I couldn't get there, but they had a bunch of draft picks. Like the recipe is a little like what happened with Houston last year where you bring in a quarterback who changes it right away. You bring in a new coach. Yeah. Who's replacing a terrible coach that happened? You have a bunch of draft picks that it's really hard to tell who's gonna be good and not good. But sometimes a draft class can just be really good. Right. And some things that you think aren't gonna happen actually end up happening. So they fit a lot of their criteria, but I don't, I see the guys on defense and I don't really totally understand how they're getting stops. Like Arizona got outscored 42 to seven after this, the first touchdown. That doesn't make sense. And they were throttling them.


Like they, they shut down Harrison. They were in my, they they rushed Murray the right way. Like they he never was comfortable. Yeah. He was never kind of running around and, and they never really got momentum. So, and listen, Daniels has saw me 26 or 30. You're not gonna do much better than that. But they had 216 on the ground, right? Yeah. Like Brian Robinson's a stud now McCaffrey is no eckler by the watch. Yeah. Yeah. No Eckler. He is out. You know, Terry McClaren is someone you could start in fantasy now, right? Well, Hench texted this to us. The Mayfield Donald Allen Lamar class is suddenly historic. The 2018 QB class.


Yeah. All those guys won. Three of those guys won today. Two jury's out on Josh Rosen though, right? So. it turns out Josh Rosen maybe kept it from being historic. But that's another weird thing is Baker was flinging the ball all over the place with the, and now that, now that Godwin looks like Godwin again, it just felt like they had receivers open the whole game. So anyway, the Eagles look like they're in real trouble. I, I like that we're talking about, we're talking up good quarterbacks, right? Lamar and Yeah. And Jayn Daniels and Baker who, and I know they all can't be good, but I was gonna say to you like, when B is on and you kind of know early, does anyone really look better than him when he's on, he's all like seven and 10 yards.


Yeah. He looks like 2014 Brady. He's just like firing it. Completions boom boom. Evan's a Godwin or whoever. Yeah. Yeah. Right In the perfect place. Now I know all these quarterbacks can't be great and they're not. So I'm sure we'll get to the, the rest I wonder maybe there's, maybe there's just certain teams that have to be an underdog. Like Arizona was like, whoa, we're laying three and a half. Like this is a lot of pressure guys. I don't know. We're not ready for this. Yeah, yeah. But like if they're, if they're getting eight and a half in Detroit, suddenly the, the chips off their shoulder yet. I I I hate that. I'm gonna say this. I think the NC South might be better than the nfcs.


I thought the Sea South was gonna be the worst division. They're not bad man. All three of those, those teams can at least hang new Orleans's offense looked way better today. Tampa's offense has looked good in three of the four games. Like they can move the ball. Carolina obviously isn't good, but it's not the dumpster fire that I thought it was gonna be. So that might have, I I might admit defeat on that call. I can I just say that like I look at that, I'm so glad I don't have a bet on one of those teams to win it. And right now it would be Tampa, but I, I can't get close to that. They have a Thursday night game Coming up. But with that New Orleans, Atlanta game, first of all was that wasn't an inevitable that New Orleans was gonna lose by two getting two and a half.


Like we should. We could've told everyone that. Why don't we tell everyone that? Well it was one and half all week and then they ended two and two half, which was classic. It's gonna definitely fall on the margin there. But then if you're trying to pick a winner after like an hour, you're like, all right, Atlanta has points 'cause their special teams got lucky. Yeah. And New Orleans is points. 'cause TSO Hill is able to score by the goal line and he's nowhere to be found now. So he's hurt. So got hurt. Good luck trying to figure those teams out. Yeah. Yeah. Atlanta wins the game. They get touchdowns from their defense interception return, they get a muff punt touchdown, terrible punt returns today, terrible decisions, all that. And they get a 58 yard field goal to win it. Their offense scored one touchdown.


Right. I dunno what to tell you. The Saints, when they have TSO Hill, they look like the most unstoppable offense in the league. It's like the 2024 touch push. They didn't have 'em last week. They couldn't score. They didn't have 'em for the last three quarters today. They couldn't do anything. They're lost by the five yard line. They are like cars better from the, like the 22 or something. Not great but better. Yeah. But they did go down the field and get the go ahead touchdown with like what two minutes left. What? I forget, there's so much going on today. They did, but they did get the go ahead and then Atlanta was able to put together enough. I, I don't know what's going on with Atlanta's offense. Like I don't think Pitts had a catch today. No, I think he got a zero and Bijon three targets.


Three targets. Yeah. Bijon broke one long play and it got called back. But it same thing, like he hasn't been that good either. So Bijon Breeze Hall, you gotta draft them three and four. You are crazy if you don't draft them 30, 55 seconds. Six bucks. Yep. Gotta do it. Well we had in that guillotine league I mentioned we had the first pick and it was either take McCaffrey, hope he's not really that hurt. Well obviously that would've been awful. Take Brie Hall, who's who we took. He's been bad or take Bija. That wouldn't have worked out either. Who we supposed to take? What was the right move? Yeah, I know you that should we think of Justice Hill Jefferson's quarterback is Sam Donald can't do that. Yeah. Or the, or if you're gonna go receiver, you'll be like, well, we'll take Tyreek.


Tyreek lost his quarterback in a game and a half. Right. So yeah, fantasy sucks no matter what you call it. Teams, whatever you wanna do. I actually, in our knockout league, I I'm gonna go own for this is really, I, there's not a lot of room for me to get better either. Like this is might be a lost season. Yeah. Can you pick up Flacco? That's what the two quarterbacks that, that's the Largemont league? No, this is the knockout. The oh league. Our knockout league. Oh yeah, yeah. I gotcha. I have, oh no. Dak Prescott. I have Kenneth Walker who got hurt after week one. IETN. Who he's back ETN was just not wearing shoulder pads during the first half of the game today or whatever the fuck is going on. He's a tough guy.


I have Shahid who you kind of have to start every week, but he just might go three for 20 and then the week you don't start on, he has an 80 yard touchdown. DJ Moore who's trapped in that weird bears offense. Garrett Wilson. One of the most disappointing guys in the league. Gotta pick him. Fifth have to Brock Bowers. 1219 receiving yours today. Boswell and the Steelers d Caleb Williams on the bench. I have Jerome Ford and Nick Chubb. I have Cooper Cup who lasted a week. I have Jennings who was on my bench. I'm four. I don't think I've ever been day. You're done. Got turn, run the table. Go on, go Winless and see if you can get kicked out.


I actually have for you the, the fantasy football panic, all pros after week four. Nice running backs. Bri Bijon and ET TNI think are the three. You might wanna put eight chan, but we'll see tomorrow. He might actually be good. Garrett Wilson has been, I think the single most disappointing receiver. Right. He was going for 40 plus bucks in these auctions. Yeah, well, or you Adams Tyreek went closer. I mean do do with one good game. I know it's not his fault. Yeah. Okay. Laporta and Pitts co winners for tight end. Yep. Although, I mean Mark Andrews is just hilarious at this point.


And Marks that's another good one. Yeah. Mahomes. Yeah. Mahomes was being treated like he was not only QB one, but the guy, you know, in one of our auctions, somebody spent like 27 bucks on him. Yeah. He's not, he has not been an elite fantasy quarterback in quite some time now. And definitely not this year. And I mean, wait, lemme know when you're ready to talk about that game and well we could just talk about is is it worth it? Should he be plus two 30 for MVP? Because I guess if he brings his team that's just constantly injured to any sort of championship game or the playoffs, I guess that in itself should, he should be eligible for a top three or so.


But plus two 30. Come on, let's hold Chief's Chargers until after the break. I have one Cowboys. Don't forget. I won't. I have one Cowboys question for you. Yeah. So Lawrence is out for how long? I saw six to eight weeks. How long is Parsons out? That's a more of a weekly thing. Probably one to three. And I know the schedule's not good. Coming up Steelers Lions, 40 nines. So you have Yeah. Yeah. Week five at Pittsburgh. Week six Detroit. Yeah. Bi week at San Francisco at Atlanta. This was, I bolded this as the single hardest part of your schedule basically.


And this is when those two guys got hurt. I'm looking way ahead and this is the best I could do. And I know you're taking drugs. Taking drugs for sure, but I think we gotta be like five and five after 10. I think I have to look at it like that and not like, oh boy, two and two and five is not gonna be no way. They're coming back because there's a chance Washington fall off and I don't love what I'm seeing out of Philadelphia and none of these teams have played each other yet. That's the best I could do. Simmons, I don't know. We're not very good. We could have lost that giant game. Anybody else? Giant game was Daniel Jones. It was really bad. You really could have lost the Giants game.


It was a weird Thursday nighter. But,


all right. Time for a new segment. It's called Who's Delivering. It's presented by Ubereats where we break down the NFL players who have delivered so far this season from household names to out of nowhere surprises. So we talked about Jaden Daniels already, who's been the shiny new toy star of the 2024 season. We talked about Juwan Jennings, who's been the out of nowhere. I picked him up week one or week two in, in my fab auction. And now he's starting for me. Who else would you have as the people who have delivered? Derrick Henry's gotta be up there, right, Henry? For sure. For sure. Can I pick a name that you, you wouldn't been taking the first two rounds of fantasy, but it's delivered. Yeah, like Bucky Irving for Tampa Bay. You talk about like you add him to your roster. He might be the best Organ Duck that was drafted this year. Voix came back and won and everything. But I think he's fun. He had a touchdown call back, like a man that gave it to him. He had a, I don't have his stats handy because I wasn't ready. And it's, it's ironic that this Ubereats, I think if there's one thing I spend more money on than gambling, it's Ubereats. So congratulations to me and Bucky Irving. Bucky Irving's. One of those names that easily could have been a PGA golfer, right? Yeah. Yeah. It's like Buck Bucky Irving's up two strokes and it to day four. The PGA. Yeah. He could have been a NASCAR driver. Yeah. I feel like What, what position in baseball would he have been? Bucky Irving shortstop. Maybe like short I'm, I'm thinking Bucky Dent probably. That's stuck in my head. Yeah, like a catcher. Buck Irving would be a catcher. Yeah. Buck. Yeah. Could he have been a boxer? Bucky Irving. Yeah. Lighter weight. Lighter weight boxer. Yeah. And an old announcer. I think he could have been. It's like, oh man, Bucky Irving's doing the game today. I can't believe. Could have been, can't believe he still could doing football. An Ubereats delivery driver, I could say. But he could've been. That was not that. Who's that was who's delivering? Presented by Ubereats get almost, almost anything for game day. Only on Ubereats, the official on demand delivery partner of the NFL Order. Now we're gonna take a quick break and then come back.


This episode is brought to you by SimpliSafe. As a father, I know how important it's to make sure you're keeping your kids safe. It always feels like you could always be doing more. Right. Well, here's a parenting tip. Get a SimpliSafe home security system. It's a great way to make sure your family has the protection they need, even if you're not there. We have one our house and we love it. It's the summer we just went away. When you're away, you wanna know that all hell isn't breaking loose in your house. And that's where SimpliSafe comes in. If you're gonna trust anyone with the safety of your loved ones, trust SimpliSafe. They've been named Best Home Security Systems by US News and World Report for five years running right now. you can get an exclusive 50% discount on a new system, plus a free indoor security camera with Fast Protect monitoring. Just visit SimpliSafe dot com slash bs. This offer is for a limited time only. So order today. Once again, SimpliSafe with two is SimpliSafe dot com slash bs. There's no safe like SimpliSafe.


This episode is brought to you by Netflix, which we all should be showing Mr. McMahon on September 25th, starting five. A new 10 part Netflix Sports series provides an intense behind the scenes. Look at the 2020 3 24 NBA season through the eyes of five of the league's biggest players, Jimmy Butler, Anthony Edwards, LeBron James, Deante Saboni, and Jason Tatum. Obviously, I'm always gonna think about this season. Think about the fact that the Celtics and Jason Tatum won the title, but Anthony Edwards had a breakout superstar season that captured all of it. Starting five, captures the biggest players battles on and off the court, giving sports fans an unfiltered view of life at the pinnacle of pro basketball. Watch starting five October 9th, only on Netflix.


Okay. You wanted to talk chiefs. I have chiefs. Chiefs beat the Chargers. 1710. They upheld their part of the tees with the bills that we all did. And then the bills said, you're stupid, you shouldn't do teases. And they stuck it to us. Right? The big story rash. She rice looks like he's out for the year. Yeah, that's the buzz we're taping this Sunday night. If he got it turned out it's an MCL but they seem to think it was a torn a CO. It was pretty grim. So they've lost Hollywood Brown. Seems like for the year they've lost EE rice. Definitely for the year, right? As he was emerging. As really not the best receiver Mahomes has had, but definitely the best receiver on this team.


They also are missing Pacheco for half the season. So this game today, they end up beating the Chargers that come back from 10. Nothing. They're down to, they have rookie receiver worthy, they have zombie Kelsey and three Wave guys that are out there. Smith Schuster, the Pats waved. Kareem Hunt was just on the bargain basement for, for for weeks. And then who's the other one? There was one the, the other receiver. Now get confused with who they cut. I'm, I'm blanking. Anyway, there were three, there was another guy they picked up Kareem Hunts Watson. Justin, Justin Watson. No, I'm blanking now.


Sky Moore. They didn't even throw to him. I dunno, maybe there's two Kareem Hunt. Oh, per P Ryan. Oh yeah. Well he is a running back, right? Yeah. Yeah. But those were, those were the running backs. Two guys that were on the wave ware, so it didn't matter. So they're 4.0 and they've scored less points every single week. 27. The first week. 26, 22 17. I wonder if that's the first time that's ever happened. It's insanity. It's an astounding 4.0. They have 10 wins by 61 points. They've won 10 straight by 61. That is very, very hard to do. 'cause one of those wins. You're laughing. Yeah. One of those wins. It has to be by 20 just by accident.


You know, the team gets sloppy. It's not the case. So they haven't lost since that dumb Raiders game. That was it. Yeah. And 10 playoffs that Christmas Eve in that. Yeah. One of those. And they're 12 and Oh, when they're down by exactly 10 points. Like they're like, I, I don't know if he's bored. Mahomes like maybe he is bored with winning. It's like when a, like a powerlifter does like squats with a woman on his shoulders and the weight. Andre was wrestling three guys. Yeah. Like a handicap match. Just gimme three guys. I'll beat to all of 'em. Yeah. If Mahomes match just their heads together for five minutes. Like Joey Chestnut. Just gimme three guys off the wave wire. Kelsey, don't break a sweat and just gimme that rookie. It doesn't know plays yet.


Let's see if we can beat the Chargers. Yeah. Joey Chestnut's adding relish to the hotdog. 'cause it's, everything's just too easy. But it got me thinking. I asked you, you like you, I think you have answers for this. Is anyone in the history of sports better at winning close games than the Chiefs have been for the last few years? And it's not a knock on your Patriots. 'cause I don't think they fit this description. They, they had a bunch of blowouts in there. I know their first few Super Bowls were close. But this is a long time where the Chiefs and a lot of people point to the refs to help 'em out. And maybe they do sometimes, but this, this team knows how to win ugly. And they do it all the fricking time. I don't even know if there's a comp for this in any sport. Well that, that started this week with that Durwin James suspension.


People are like, oh, of course he got suspended. He's putting the Chiefs right. Gotta get him outta there. Gotta help out the Chiefs. Well you said the history. So you're framing me in a, it's a little get upy, but I like it. It's a little Mike Greenberg. Hi. Historical hyperbole. Oh, sorry. The Mike Greenberg. Mike texted me. Mike texted me. He is like, run this by Simmons. So you, you busted me. Yeah. This is historical hyperbole with Mike Greenberg here on Get Up. I'm here with Ryan Clark. No, but when I think of like the, it's, you're basically the teams that just pull wins outta their ass. Awful. Announcing Simmons take shot at Mike Greenberg. Here we go. Simmons rips. Simmons rips. Mike Greenberg devours Tears into Cannibalizes. Obviously hated for years.


Yeah. Do they, do they do? Those blogs have like nine verbs that they use for that. That's it. Yeah. Annihilates. But but the historical thing, I was thinking you were gonna have a basketball team from 1981 or something. No, no, no. That 96 to like oh, one Yankees team was like that for me. Oh yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Where it was like, fuck it's three three, they're gonna win. Yeah, it's like three, three in the eighth and it, God damn, we're gonna lose. So that's like, that's good. I think the Pats got there in the oh 3 0 4 run when they won the 26 straight. Like they won. if you go back, they won all those games were close somehow They had no blowouts even in the playoffs.


No, really? Your division games. Yeah, there was a lot of like really the Jets and stuff? Yeah, no, there was like, no, I'm talking oh 3 0 4. Like they like some of the Colts games. They had that goal line stand against the Colts. That was a great win. The Eagles, the second Eagles, the Super Bowl, the Panther, super Bowl, all those games were close. They just figured out how to, how to win at the end. So I had them, I was trying to think, don't you think Tiger was like that too though? That, that was the other one I thought, thought I was, I was thinking Chef Sheer and Tiger. But that he would run away with some of these tournaments too. I mean he, he was a winner for sure. I was thinking maybe as a boxer, I started looking up most holy field that decision winners that, that he had a lot of split decisions. Yeah, he used to always sneak those out.


Manny had a bunch. Pao, Jermaine Taylor had a few split decisions. Sugar Ray. And then I stopped looking. I was like, I'm not gonna have an Ubereats. This is like too big a rabbit hole. Yeah. I can't do this. Yeah. So yeah, Yankees, the Brady, Brady hit that point probably somewhere in the early 2000 tens. No basketball. Huh? I'm giving you a layup. No, no pun intended. Throw throw a basketball team. Well, theses Jordan was like, I mean Jordan was like this for the entire nineties. Like if close series every series was four two, it was No, but if it was a close game, you just felt like he was gonna pull it out. Oh, all right. You go back and you look at like the two, the Utah games, the 97 and 98, like all those games were close.


The 91 finals felt like anytime it was close, he was just gonna get it done. But that, the weird thing about Mahomes is they're less impressive than some of these other ones. Because I lead these chiefs scams. I'm like, oh my, how the fuck did they, how did they do that? Right? Like they beat Baltimore. 'cause Isaiah Likely's foot was on the line by two inches. Right? Yeah. That's not just them, how they pull it out. But that's kind of where the Yankees were for a while. We're like, oh my God, they, that line drive right to the third baseman. He scorched it. How did, like, how does that always work out for them? There's little Voodoo involved. Did I say he has fir three first quarter picks in a row and they're still 4.0?


That's hard to talk One today was bad. Yeah. Didn't he think? Yeah, he's doing it on purpose. He's challenging himself. Well, one thing we gotta give him credit for is their defenses has shown the ability over and over again, you get stops in the second half of these games, which they did today for sure. Now they're doing against the Chargers that in the last two and a half games, the Chargers scored 26 points and they're missing both of their tackles. They came out hot, they ran all their gimmicks and all their stuff they needed to do. But then once the game settled down, they couldn't really move the ball. And Herbert, who's been hit as hard as anybody in the league this season, it feels like, especially the last two games. And you know, he kept standing in there.


the Chiefs failed Getable this year though. This would be the most, if they win this one, this would be, 'cause they're at the point that they usually are in December, January when we're ready to talk ourselves outta them. I'm, I'm there now with them. I have no idea how they're four. Oh, and what are they gonna do with receivers? I know, but then, then, but like, so what? It's my answer. So what, what if they go 10 and seven? If they showed they could do it on the road last year. So now, now we have nowhere to turn at all with this team. Well, they benched their mercy. Carson Steele lasted a series. He fumbled two straight games. Yeah. So we'll never see him again. They're relying on Kareem Hunt who really hasn't had a notable football moment in a couple years.


And P Ryan. And that's, I guess gonna be the running game until Pacheco comes back. They're gonna need to lean on in the first part of the season, which I don't think they wanna do because he's old. And then I don't know where they get their explosive plays from except for Worthy. Well, so maybe a deal as did they try trade their, okay, so their defense isn't as good as the Steelers, but it's it's 80%, right? Yeah, 85%. if you see what they're holding. So then their quarterback is much better than the Steelers. I don't even care what kind of weapons he has. So I don't know. J January's a different story. But don't count this team out, the play out. No way. I don't care what kind of injuries they have as long as, well we both both have them in the a FFC title game.


Oh, that's right. Yeah. Can I change that? You talked me outta it. Well, one thing that's gonna help them is their division. Sure. Yeah. Chargers, Raiders, Denver. You, you're going against Minsu and O'Connell. You're going against Bo Nicks with 60 yards passing today and you're going against this Chargers team. You already beat them once, so you just need to beat them one more time. Yeah. So they might go six zero in their division and then they would have to go, what, six and four against everybody else. And they're, they've already had a couple wins. You, you mentioned Falcon Saints. So I guess we talked about them. We talked about Vikings Packers. We did not talk about Broncos jets. I did not have that on, on tv. Did you watch that game? I, I sacrificed that there are too many good games.


I have a separate TV that can only show the national game for some reason. That was the national game. I don't know why, but so yeah, it was rain and you know, quarterback was shaky. Very beatable quarterback with negative passing yards. Well into the third quarter. And Robert Sala said, I could do this, I could do this. I could blow it. I mean, we we're making fun. Like Cortland Sutton had seven more yards than Bo Nicks like in the third quarter. How the fuck did the Jets lose this game? The Rogers game was, I I, I put it on for the, I watched the last quarter and a half because switched TVs around. They had, they had, they had third and five.


All they needed was the first down to get closer and they were gonna kick a field goal and win the game. Right. But they couldn't complete the third and five and it was over and over again. It seemed like they could either pressure Rogers or his throws were a little off, or he made the decision even before the ball was snapped. I'm taking two steps. I'm throwing down the sideline of so and so. But I didn't think he was moving that well. And then he admitted after the game that his legs weren't good. It's not, when you think about like, some of the guys we watched today and how Rogers used to move like Purdy. Right. And he used to move like Jada Daniels, he never moved like that, but he would always be able to buy time like some of these great guys and he doesn't seem like he can do that anymore. So I dunno if he's hurt or old Aaron Rogers heard or old.


That's next. Ooh, that's good. That's good. Awful announcing he's gonna, he's gonna promote that I think maybe. Yeah. And, and we, we see him running around the rain for years. Right. And yeah. And love it. He was great. But he would've love the game. Like the game today, he would've had four touchdowns. He just looked like a broken down man waiting for a train today. And it is, I don't think a lot of it was his fault. 'cause he got pounded too. That, that defense showed up for Denver. But, but also, you can't beat the fact that I text you every Sunday morning. I said, the sucker tees you in house and hench it's Jet's chiefs. And so that, that's such a strong force to overcome. Yeah. That no one is able to do it.


And I don't even have to ask a lot of people who, I have to ask like three people what the sucker tease is. I don't need like FanDuel does thousands of people betting money is here. No, only three people tell me what the sucker tease is. 'cause the sound annihilates the sucker teases the jets had five sacks, 10 penalties. Wow. And they were four for 17 on third down. Yeah. Nine points total. We have not seen their offense look good for even two straight quarters. And now we're heading into October. And the, as a Bri Hall fantasy owner, it's not only that it's going badly, but it seems like the backup has kind of taken his job a little bit and is running the ball better than he is this 20-year-old?


Yeah. They put him in, it seems like they actually put him in when they wanna win the game. And that's more concerning than ever. I was, I was wondering like, if this was basketball, we'd be like, is Bri Hall available? Could you see Bri Hall get traded? But we don't have football trades. You know, I think like the, the worst thing about this is it's another team we can't really bet on. Right. if you can't beat now the Broncos at home when their quarterback has negative yards well into the third quarter. Who the hell is an easy pick for them? I I thought everyone got a little crazy with the win over the Patriots. Yeah. It's like, all right. That was one of the worst teams on a three day rest. They didn't look that great. The Jets against Tennessee. Let's wait a second. We didn't have to wait.


Wait. Much longer than a second. It was 10 days later. So they scored 19 against San Francisco. They scored 24 against Tennessee. And I think they got some sort of defensive touchdown that came, right? Yeah. They scored 24 against the Pats and they scored nine against Denver. I, with Brie Hall and with Garrett Wilson. I was expecting a more explosive jet team. Yeah. And I don't really fully understand it. Those guys were almost probably more fun to watch last year when they had the worst quarterbacks of all time. Right. I was like, this is amazing. Imagine this guy, these guys, if they had a good quarterback and now we're seeing them with, you know, a, a guy used to be a good quarterback and it's not going that great.


So Denver, are you annihilating? Are you annihilating Aaron Rogers right now? I feel like you're annihilating him or are you pulverizing him? Pulver, what are you doing? What are, what are some of the other words you've fornicating? What are you doing? Aaron Rogers right there. I fornicated Aaron Rogers. Oh, Texans Jaguars. We gotta talk about the Jaguars again. Although maybe should I just have them edit in last week's Jaguars conversation? Yeah, no shit. So the Texans win 24 20 classic Jags, they're up 2017 in the third quarter and it actually looks like they're gonna win Texans just look a little discombobulated. The Jags, they've missed two long touchdowns.


'cause Lawrence missed Kirk. He missed Brian Thomas. And they're still winning. And Lawrence just every game, he's just gonna miss somebody for a 50 yard touchdown. First in goal from the four. They get stopped on Downs. They try to run the QB draw on fourth down with Lawrence. That yeah, I gotta say works 97% of the time at all levels of professional football. They, they try it with Lawrence and two guys are right there. One guy does like the Roman re spear Right. And just kills him. So they lose the bond downs and the fourth quarter punt punt. And then Houston has a 69 yard drive in the last three minutes to win the game. And Jacksonville loses again. They're oh four.


And honestly I watched all four of the games and they could have won three. Yeah, I know it. This was my upset special. It was my upset special last week against Buffalo two. I think they did, they scored right. They went ahead for a second. 27. Yeah. 17. Then they called back 20 and they had the ball first to go from the four. Yeah. Up three. Son of a bitch. I, I just, I I don't know what to think anymore. I guess this is Houston's division for sure. The, these south divisions. I sw I'm so glad I'm not locked into a team. This is like watching a slap fight. Yeah. Like I don't want any part of this crap. I really don't. I'm just glad I'm not one of these guys. Isn't me with the powder flying everywhere, but I mean, Doug Peterson, do you give him one more game because now you're closing in on 10 straight losses.


Like the Colts would be 10 losses if they did this. Like do you, if you're Doug Peterson, do you get your passport renewed for London or don't even bother? Yeah. So when is, when are the London games? Is that this? Well, there's week for next week. There's one week. There's one this week. But don't they have two in a row? Yeah, they have no, yeah, they have, they're home for Indianapolis. Four next six or something. Yeah. Home for Indianapolis, then Chicago and the Pats in London. Yeah. Week six, weeks seven. Right. He does he get, so does he get on the plane? Not if he loses to the cult. I'm calling him out. Bill, he loses to the cult. He just stay home. Cousin Sal Eviscerates. Doug Peterson, Cousin Sal on Doug Peterson's passport.


Doug Peterson destroyed by Cousin. Sal next Stroud threw for 3 45 yards. So I'm st I'm feeling like I'm back in on my passing titles. Bet I didn't realize it was that big. Yeah. With that said, something is off with the Texans and I, I I don't really know what it is. Yeah. It's like they can't just put together an hour of good offensive football. They could do little spurts. There's flashes. Yeah. It just looks a little discombobulated sometimes. It looks like they can't block. I know they've had some injuries on their offensive line, but Did you go over, I think you, like you dissected last year, every team and how many were good wins and how many were close wins and how many Right.


They they kind of won ugly last year. Like he looked great. Strub did easy schedule too. Oh my. Yeah. But they, this is kind of how they did it, you know, and then they came alive in the playoffs a little too. Well the Jags for the season, they've had 44 third downs. Do you wanna guess how many they've gotten? 44 third down. Oh, a ten third, 44. Chances to convert a third, third down. Negatives four. No, I don't know. I'll say 1611. Is it 11? Yeah. Or 11 for 44 on third down. Today in our keeper league where we start two quarterbacks, I started Andy Dalton over Trevor Lawrence.


That's how far he'd sunk before the year. I bet on him to have 4,000 passing yards today. I started Andy Dalton over him and it was the right move. He had more fantasy points in there last for didn't used to take off more. Didn't he used to run more? He had like three runs and one of 'em, I don't even think anywhere designed. He had three runs for five yards. One thing I noticed with him, his passes like sail. Yeah. Everybody, they're either just flying over somebody's head or somebody's jumping up to catch them. They're never, they're never like here or never here. They're always like above. But yeah. And I also thought like it seems like he should be a better athlete than he is athlete. He's like a little closer to Drew Bledso than maybe it seems like he should be.


'cause he seems athletic, but I'm not. I'm not positive. He's, yeah. And also what's with the hair? Get that shit cut. maybe Maybe. That should be what he does is just crew cut it to show that his si that he's worked for Joe Burrow tell you he won after a month only oh 14 to make the playoffs. There's only been one ever. Oh really? Yeah. The New York Giants. No, but it does seem like something that Eli Manning would've been the only person right to do. Right? Yeah. Like, like today, Bo Nicks had that 60 yards in a win. It was like the last person to have that low yards was Eli Manning in 2007. Know he won a game throwing 59 yards.


I'm like, of course. Right. Whatever the worst thing a quarterback can do and somehow gonna win. Eli probably has it. Bill, Simmons, eviscerates, Eli Manning. It's more eviscerating. My god. This is some list eviscerating, everybody So. it was, it was the 1992 San Diego Chargers. Hmm. Coached by Bobby Ross. They started at oh four, they finished 11 and five. Marion Butts was their best running back. Yeah. The great Stan Humphreys, the quarterback. And let's see who they had for Anthony Miller. Did you have him in fantasy that year?


Oh yeah. Yeah. Thousand 81. Number 11. Yeah. Number 81. Yeah. And, and a young Sean Jefferson, wait, hold on. Now I, this is driving me crazy, but what was, what was the nickname for Marion? But what was Boomer's nickname for Marian Butts? What the hell was it? Somebody Marion ion smoked too many butts. Someone, if someone's on YouTube, throw Marion. I like big butts. What the, what was it? I don't know. Oh, I gotta look. The 92 charges. I know he would do sound, he would do a lot of sound sound effects, but I will say for the, for the younger people listening.


Yeah. The old days were really fun betting against bad quarterbacks where you'd be like, oh man, I can't wait to bet against Stan Humphreys. And you just knew he would suck. Yeah. Billy Tom now it's like, I never know what quarterbacks they, we don't have reliable sucky quarterbacks anymore. Maybe we have Will Levis. You know what I I, I apologize for the distraction there. I was confusing him with natron means because natron means business. Oh, that was a good one. Yeah. I love that one. Mixed them up. Will the, the best one ever was Eric sleeping with B Enemy. Oh, that was Eric's sleeping with B Enemy. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Okay. Colt Steelers is the last one we gotta talk about. This was, and everything goes wrong for Pittsburgh game and they almost won.


Yeah. And you knew right away it was like, oh, it's gonna be one of these games. Richardson just chucks it up 40 yard pass to start the game. It's like, oh, here we go. And then the Pittsburgh turns world down. Million dollar. You, you loved it. Right? You weren't scared by the two and a half. Like I I said the rat, this was the ratt of rats. I think the Steelers line is almost always a rat line. I wanted the Pittsburgh D against Richardson. And, and he lasted half a quarter and then all of a sudden Joe f Flaco was in, I didn't wanna bet against Joe Flacco. Joe Flacco. Terrifying. He's so good. They had don't, they were eight, eight for 15 on third down. And in the, down the stretch, when they're trying to get stops, Flaco hit two third, third of tens.


But the reality is Fitzpatrick worst call of a day, he's running over, was really bad to break up a pass. It's over the guy's head and he is running full speed. Can't really stop holds up, hits the guy, they call it late hit anyway. Keeps the drive going. They gotta stop at that. Yeah. And then Fields, somehow the Steelers get it. They're down three, they have the ball of three minutes left. They're on like the 40. We're like, holy shit, they're gonna fucking tie this and win an overtime. The Steelers gonna be four and oh baby, let's go. And then Fields, I forgot he hadn't had yet his weekly, I had no idea the shotgun Snap was coming and he is looking over and the ball hits him in the side of the head, which he tries to do once a game. And I actually like Fields and enjoy root, enjoy watching him and enjoy rooting for him.


But for some reason that happens once game. And of course it happened there and now it's second 22 and they end up, that was it. But, and then the fumble, I mean it was an inexplicable fumble. Right. He was like down and then somehow got back to all fours and it's fumble and then the guy, that's the only way he was gonna get around. Yeah. It was a dumb, I don't think that Colts team's good. One thing I'll say with them though is Downs came back and made a couple big plays for them. Yeah. Their slot receiver who they missed for the first couple weeks. But I, I thought, and Pittman got going and it seems like their receivers fell into place. Yeah. I just, I when I was looking at all the, you do, we do the pre-game show and everything and I think like House or somebody said had like Richardson over 14 and a half completions.


I'm like 14 and a half completions. What the f what is the Steelers? This should be so easy. Why? Why is this two and a half? And sure enough, we figured out why it was two and a half. Just so weird. I guess some, we caught a wrap some weeks the defense isn't gonna travel. I hope next week's one of them Bears beat the Rams 24 18. Not a lot to say about that game. Yeah. 49 ERs beat the Pats Bengals beat the Panthers since his first win. Whatever Raiders beat the Browns two teams that will not be playing in week 19. Cleveland is now Cleveland's 11 for 53 and third down. Jesus.


Those are Jaguar numbers. It's impossible. Yeah. And he wasn't even awful, like historically awful. I'm like, oh, he is 21 for 25. At one point I looked, Watson was 21 for 25 and like 134 yards. I'm like, for I remember 40 yards. 21 for 25. Used to put you at like to two 40. I just have to get used to seeing it at 1 35. But all week, me, you and House were like, we gotta take, we gotta take the Raiders. And like, all right, I'll, I'll see your Max Crosby, Devonte Adams injury and raise you the entire Browns offensive line sitting out. So this was a stay away of all stay aways. I want million dollar picks. I really kind of wanted to take the Raiders house, talk me out of it. And I wanted to take the Bears House.


Talk me out of that. And I like the Broncos and we both talked ourselves outta that. But next week I'm just taking, I'm picking five games and and that's it. We're gonna do Guest Alliance. We're gonna take a break. And then I, I have one other important question before we do Guest Alliance, but let's take a break for the podcast.


This episode is brought to you by Comedy Central's The Daily Show. Not all elections are created equal. Some are much, much worse than others. The political climate is getting hotter and hotter, but John Stewart and the Daily Show are barely breaking a sweat as they make sense of political nonsense Every weeknight. Comedy Central's the Daily Show Comedy Continuing 2024 election coverage with John Stewart. Mondays at 11 and every weeknight at 11 on Comedy Central.


This episode is brought to by Robinhood with Robinhood Gold. You don't need a silver spoon to eat up the financial favors of the 1%. Robinhood Gold allows others to get the rates and perks usually reserved for the high society. And now the resourceful individual with Robinhood Gold can earn the very liberal rate, a 4.5% a PY on uninvested cash. you can receive unlimited 1% deposit bonuses and you can be rewarded with a handsome 3% retirement boost on an IRA account. Robinhood Gold provides the privileges of a high net worth for any net worth. These generous benefits are now available for only $5 per month. The new Gold standard is here with Robinhood Gold. Sign up at Robinhood dot com slash gold terms apply for product specific disclosures. Visit Robinhood dot com slash gold Investing involves risk rate, may change. Gold membership is offered by Robinhood Gold LC.


All right off that Niners Pat's game. So I watched the Pat's game with nephew Kyle and we're just, we're just so ready for Drake May, and I know it's wrong and I know putting a young quarterback behind a line that isn't that great, probably isn't good idea. But Bri set's so bad and he seems like a great guy. Supposedly he's gonna be a coach someday, but he can't move. He can't throw the ball deep. And I actually think the game was pretty winnable today. If they'd had a quarterback, like if they'd had flaco, I actually think that game would've come down to like the final two minutes. If they'd had a quarterback who was young and could move around, there was ways to do that.


But Burt's so freaking slow. He can't. And we're watching it going, man, is it worth it? Just throwing Drake out for the second half because maybe he can create some stuff with his legs and that it's this big divisive thing with Patriots fans now. 'cause other Pats fans are like, and I was like this four or five weeks ago, I was like, it's not worth it. You don't wanna get, you don't wanna have a Zach Wilson situation. You don't wanna put unnecessary miles on him. But I'm watching these games thinking like it's probably better for him to be out there and make like Caleb is under duress the whole time too. Right. And I feel like he's getting better every week. I think he should play next week against Miami. I wanna see him play next week against Miami is my point.


Well this is what you said, right? Didn't we say can't throw 'em at San Francisco? Especially after the 49 ERs lost. You weren't gonna do that. The Miami, the home game from Miami was always what you kind of thought, right? Well here's what's changed. The pats are awful. Oh, they're the, they're the worst team in the league. More eviscerating. So sad. They're the worst team in the league. Who's, who's worse than the Patriots Worst team. Yeah. Who's worse? Who's worse? Oh man, they stink. I mean, you said, you said he can't move and he can't throw down field like that puts him in the top 20. Right? Right away we have 46 points. 46 points at four games. And that includes sly hitting a 63 yard field goal today. 'cause apparently everybody can do that now.


Tom Dempsey did it when we were kids. Right. And that became, there was like an film, things about it and Oh my. And I felt like I knew Tom Dempsey. Right. And now it happens every two weeks. But we have 46 points of four games and we've scored four touchdowns. And our defense is a very good, either Tennessee's very bad, Cleveland's very bad. I think we're worse than Cleveland. Go on. Really? All those teams, huh? Carolina could still Kyle his off today. He didn't wanna wear it. You did in the second quarter. It just whipped it. Whipped it off. Yeah. Kyle, did you have anything underneath at least? No, he was, he had shirt underneath. I was relieved. Okay. Alright. When I saw it coming off, I was like, oh my God.


It's gonna be like when I go to a Raiders game, guys are just shirtless. All right. But he had a tshirt there. Start fighting. No, they're terrible. They're terrible. And and a lot of it has to do with, you know, some of the draft classes Belichick had. And a lot of it has to do with the fact that they didn't spend money in the free age scene. Try to get a couple blue chippers, pink chippers, red chippers. Any chippers. So is that the outlier 50? You said it was Baltimore Las Vegas. Is it Cincinnati, new England? I would say yes. Except doesn't Cincinnati lose in week one? Every, every year. So can it be an outlier if they're just Destin to lose every year and week one? Well, that's a good point. That's a good point. I'm just trying to think of who, how many wins each team ends up with.


Is there, is there a greater discrepancy than the other game Raiders were able to, Kyle can you come on, you were gonna lose this. Can Kyle come on the YouTube live now? Kyle, get in there. Kyle, if you puts a shirt on. Yeah. Yeah. Yes. Kyle, you wanna see Drake May, right? Yeah. Fuck it. I mean, sorry. This is Live. Yeah. Yes. Oh, take that out. We've sworn before in the live. Yeah, we've evis. Kyle's ready. Kyle wants hope. He just wants the four or five. Drake May plays where he created something with his legs. He threw it. Downfield. Brit can't throw it. Downfield. It's like surprising when he throws it downfield. He's just not a starting quarterback. Yeah. Again, seems like a sweetheart of a guy. But I don't think he's a starting quarterback. I'm with the, I just, it's just so funny 'cause there are a lot of quarterbacks that just don't throw down field.


There's just so many. It doesn't, I'm not almost not phased by it anymore. Guess the lines week five. I'm up two. One with a, with a tie. Yeah, yeah, yeah. We have some buys this week. Yeah. The first, who is it? Detroit Chargers. Philly. Tennessee Chargers needed the buy. Tennessee might need the buy after. We'll I guess we'll find out tomorrow. And then the Eagles might be using the buy to get rid of their coach. Oh, why? They'll put that up. Why don't they put the odds up like the first coach? Negative, I don't think Yeah. Is a positive company they stand for. Right. But you could, you can bet how many interceptions a quarterback has.


What's the difference? you can bet who's gonna come in last place in the beginning of the year, I was thinking how funny it would be if Belichick just was the Eagle's coach in like two days. And all of his media jobs that he had, I was just like, all right, he had to leave this one and this one's out and this one's also gone. No, he still does them. He does everything. He just, he keeps the jobs and coaches. They just, or they, or they hire like Darl Hammond to play Belichick and just Yeah, he's, that's a pretty good Belichick. Wow. Yeah. You know, CJ is just, he's just fantastic at looking downfield. He's, there's nobody better. Thursday night we're going back to Atlanta.


I love that they wore the dirty bird jerseys today. Those were so, yeah, it's pretty cool. Those black I felt, I saw they were wearing those and I actually ended up throwing them in a tease. 'cause I got excited 'cause of that. Wow. Yeah. I was like, ah. I can't see them losing with those. But, all right. It worked Falcon's home for the Bucks. This is good for my NFC South bet. Only one team can win. It's gonna be a tie. A tie would be the best. If I get a tie like Oh, that's right. Get a zero. Right, right. That'd be great. I had a lot of trouble. This one I ended up with because it's Thursday. I bumped it up. A point to Falcons minus two and a half. Yeah. I had trouble too 'cause I have no idea what they're wearing for this one.


So I almost passed on it. And Good cheating. You have it. Exactly. It's two and a half. I said one. I think you, I think they're adding a point for Thursdays. Adding ones. Really? Okay. Yeah. So instead of one and a half point advantage that I know know if they're actually doing it, but I just assume, I think there's a home field, something on Thursdays. 'cause it's four days after the last games and it's, yeah, maybe some travel. Maybe Sunday Marques game. We could either go Vikings Jets or Bills Texans. What's a big, big, well you wanna knock that out because that's the London game. Jets and Vikings.


Good point. You can't start over. So that can't be No, that can't be, no, that can't be the Sunday marquee game. Because that, I should have put that, that in the London category. Yeah. Well it could be marquee. So Bill's Texans is the one again. No, no. Vikings Jets is the one again. Vikings Jets. Yeah. Screw me up. Yeah. Vikings technically home. Vikings by three. All right. That's what I said. It's two and a half. Ah. I wonder if that was in Minnesota. What do you think the line is?


It's gotta be four or a little north of four, right? Yeah, I would say four. Yeah. So here's the thing. This is where I am emotionally as you know. I, I told you I wasn't gonna be betting on Thursday games or games in weird countries this year. Not that. London's a weird country. I, I actually like London. I really wanna bet the Vikings in this game. After watching Rogers today and seeing how much trouble he had moving and then watching that Vikings defense. I think this is a really tough spot for him. I just think they're gonna be coming at him blitzes all kinds of shit. Just trying to make a uncomfortable, I gotta be honest. I don't think he wants to be hit anymore.


And we've seen quarterbacks get to this point. Brady got to this point the last couple years of his career where it was like you knew it was a big game 'cause he started taking hits. Drew Brees got to that point. I don't think Rogers wants to be hit like that anymore. And there was, I thought he bailed out at some plays and the last part of the, the game, the quarter and a half I watched. But he was just his, his process is just a little faster. He's not waiting that extra second anymore. This Vikings team's a nightmare for him. I'm with you. I would. I'm taking to anyone. It's the Vikings. Right, right. But this is the NFL. Right? Like this is where you get screwed up. And the one thing I'll say about Rogers, if you worry about him bouncing back on three days' rest, I know it was against the Patriots.


You're gonna go into how bad they were. But he did do it against the Pats a couple weeks ago. Yeah, but you're, but you're right. He looks like he had that look like what the hell have I done here coming back? And also now he's going at it with s about the cadence. Doesn't like some of his cadences apparently. Yeah. And that of course got out immediately. So good times. That couldn't have gotten out faster. Yeah. Alright, so we'll go for the traditional Sunday Marques game. Bills Texans. Yeah. Pretty good game. Josh Allen and CJ str. Good one. It's in Houston and I have the bills minus one and a half. Damn it. You got it. I had bills by one. I really wanted to get that one from you Simmons.


I gotta be honest. Alright. All three in one. This is the leading candidate for the overreaction game of week five. Because I could see the Texans doing really well. Yeah. And then it's like, oh remember when we thought Josh, we gave Josh Allen the MVP after three games and we wrote off Houston. Now Houston's got their shit together. Or the other way where the bills look good and now we're concerned with Houston. The bills are fine. The Ravens game was weird. Josh is the MVP favorite again? Something. There will be an overreaction. Yeah. Well you understand the entire middle of their defense is susceptible to anything you wanna do. Any part run past circle, every part of the field. Do you wanna punt in there?


Good? Yeah, you're good. Yeah. One watchable Ravens at Cincinnati. The Ravens are certainly gonna be favored after what happened today. I have Ravens minus two and a half. Alright. I get this. Yeah, I had, but exactly. Actually one and a half Ravens are favored. That's gonna be my default guess I think on a lot of, for now on one and a half. Sounds good. I actually put that down a bunch 'cause it just seems like that's the line over and over again. Bengal's home dog. One of the, we're gonna have a week where some of these home dogs just start crushing fairly watchable. I have to put Pat's dolphins on here because I think we're getting Drake May.


Oh yeah. And that might even argue. Make it a watchable. Drake made his first start. Kyle noticed in the game today. They were showing him on the sidelines a lot more in the first half. Yeah. They kept like just showing him on the headset. There he is. Could be his last time in the sidelines. Could we call this a wearable? Like Kyle wears his jersey for this. Is it a wearable? I don't know if he has a Drake May jersey yet. Well just does does he take, I mean, does he like throw another, does he wear Jersey? Oh, Drake May is playing. Kyle will have the jersey on. Okay. Yeah. He'll. So I don't see any scenario where the Pats could be favored in this game. No matter who the quarterback is.


Even though I know who the dolphins are, gonna probably have Huntley. I just don't think the Pats can be favored. So I'm gonna have the Dolphins by one. All right. You're gonna get it. I mean, this is where I should have got one and a half. I said two and a half. It is dolphins by one and a half. So you're closer. That's another one and a half. Four to two. You know what's gonna ruin Guest? The lines of every line is one and a half. I, I could tell you if it is or isn't, but well by the way, screw this up. Our next game, I guess one and a half. It is Jaguars at home against the Colts. Jaguars. Oh. And four. And somehow I think they're gonna be favored. I have Jaguars by one and a half.


All right. I got this. Exactly. It's three Jaguars, our three point favorite. Yeah, that's too high. They're clearly on the kitchen sink. He needs his passport. We said that this week. No, it's three kitchen sinks in a row. No, own four teams made the playoffs in 22. Three. Two years. Yeah. But is it Flacco? I mean, it's looking like Flaco against Lawrence. I guess that's better for the cults. The Richardson hit looked bad today because it, it hit him in his hip and he went down and I was like, oh, fucking A, this guy got hurt again. And then he came back in the next and then ran a little bootleg play for him. Yeah. And he went down before he got hit. 'cause it seemed like this hit. So that, I don't know. I just, I didn't, that's, this would be his third injury.


So I guess yeah, it's tough to watch, monitor that. Tough to watch. Lemme ask you this. I was gonna save this. Yeah. If flacco, I don't know how, how you feel about him with the Hall of Fame, not making it in your head right now. But if he takes the cults to the playoffs, if they snuck in at like nine and eight. Yeah. I kind of think he may have my vote. I'll have to look at the class coming in and everything. But for God's sakes, fix it. Browns in the Colts of playoffs. So this is the Derek Rose argument in the NBA. Now. Jesus. Derek Rose. Oh, Jesus won the MVP in 2011. Yeah. I'm sorry. God. Everyone who's ever won in the MVP is in the Hall of fame. And Rose has a chance to be the first guy who didn't make it. And there's, yeah. And he is not a hall of famer, but the MVP thing would make, might be able to sway it.


Flaco the, the run he had, which was the greatest four round run any quarterback's had in the playoffs. Right. Combined with some of the other stuff. You could argue he, he's at least in the conversation. I mean he had a, and then to take the, I would say he had a better career than Eli Manning. Yeah. But Eli had those two postseasons and he made it. I know, I know. Take them to, let's see what happens. Joe, come on. We're we're not eviscerating. You take, take the cults of the playoffs. It's an anti evisceration. Right. 49 ERs are home for the Cardinals. And before the game, before the late games today, I guess 49 ERs by four.


And after that I switched it to 49 ERs by six and a half at home at its Cardinals dirt bag. You sure you don't wanna switch it back? A lot of times your first impression. I don't, I I missed at two points, which I never do. Yeah. That was way off. And I said five at seven and a half. So you get that. Oh Jesus. Yeah. That's, well that's, this is where, this is where the Cardinals thrive. Yeah. Right. They're like, oh my God, this is where they wanna, we're we're huge underdogs. And there's a back door cover, possibly. Great Washington's home for the Browns. It's gonna be a big Jaden Daniels fest all week. They're gonna be replaying Deshaun Watson and Jamis Winston getting mad at the offensive tackle all week and talking about what do they do?


Do they have any outs? I I think I squeezed this to three Washington by three. Damn. At home against Cleveland. I wanted to go two and a half. I think it's three. Well, wanted to steal this from you. I have exactly three and it is exactly three mm. Fair line. And really you think it's fair? No. 'cause I, I wrote the three and a half is my question. I'm gonna stick with it. But I mean, who, who's been in Cleveland here? Who's betting them? Do they score? Does Cleveland score 27 points?


So you had Cleveland in the playoffs and they're one and three. Yeah, I know. We don't have to go that. And I, I wrote down because they're 11 weeks, 11 through 18 are an absolute gauntlet. And I wrote down in my notes before the year, they'd have to go four and one in their first five games to make the playoffs. They didn't that. Right. And they're one and three. So are you out on that? It was close. Yeah. I think I'm out. But I swear off there. I would like, I would like to see Jamis. I'd like to see what they did. We talked about how admitting defeat with this dumb signing. Yeah. This, I hope with the fake injury to save face. Just keep going. Yeah, sure. I I'm, I'm, I'm out with it. Yeah, but I'm, I'm obviously kind of the Jaguars Jaguars was my, they're going 10 and seven. They're gonna be not on them too possible.


Five suit. I've disowned them. You're still holding that hope on the Raiders? I am. A little bit, yeah, just a little bit. Someone has to sneak in there. Poop fecta bears at home for the Panthers. So the bears were favored by three against the Deta Rams this week. And I added a half point made it bears minus three and a half for the Panthers. You know something happened here because it was three and a half kickoff of the late game tonight. And it went to four and a half. I get it. I said four. Okay. I swear all this went on. I believe you. I dunno what happened. Is there an injury? Is is there a maybe people realize the Panthers aren't good and is another redhead coming A terrible coming.


I have no idea. Yeah. Broncos are home for the Raiders. Raiders. And this is a terrible game. I hope I don't have to watch too much of it. I have the Broncos favored by one and a half. Wow. You got it. One and a half is sweet. Yeah. I went the other way. I thought the Raiders would be favored. I thought Denver would be suffering from what you said about Arizona. I got thanks but no thanks. We're not, we're not ready to be favored. But I guess it doesn't work like that. I wonder if Devonte Adams does this hamstring just kind of hurt until they trade him. So one of those, how's the ting this week? I dunno. Still hurts. Smart. Can't really push off it just kind of waiting.


Who's the team? Could it be kc? Would those two teams trade together? Well that's what I was gonna say. Is he still, is it still about going to the Jets and playing with Aaron Rogers? Listen, that's not what the Jets need, right? I mean they can't even get the ball of Garrett Wilson. I don't know if Casey, that would be big Casey. I dunno if Casey could fit him. Who, who else needs a receiver that is in the running? Buffalo has all the cap stuff. They can't really do it. Maybe the Chargers. Cowboys won't have enough money. I'm being selfish. Commanders Bengal don't need I commanders. I think. I think you're college. It's probably their chemistry.


The cowboy trading for Devante Adams. Yeah. Outta nowhere. Okay. I dunno. Yeah. I don't even know. I'm, look, I'm looking at the, the slate. I'm not sure. Steelers. Oh yeah, Steelers are want them. Yeah. Yeah. Seahawks are home for the Giants. This I have as one of the highest lines of the week. I have Seahawks minus six. I hit it exactly way. I swear five and a half. Mm. Who's winning? 1, 2, 3, 6. You are up. Seven, six. I really wanna win these last two so I could eviscerate you. Wait, there's three. Three left right? Three left.


Did you do Green Bay Rams? Boy. Oh you lose, if you didn't do it, you lose that one. Well you lose that one. Where's that? Where's that game? That didn't make my notes. I should, I should just lie to you. Is that an automatic loss for me? It's out here. It's in la. No, of course you could guess enough. Must have I something Could I bet that you're gonna hit this? Exactly now. Green Bay Rams Green at the Rams. I'm gonna put this in the fairly watchable. I'm gonna have the Packers favored And just, just for hilarity sake. Packers by one and a half. Alright, well we tie on that then. 'cause I did have one and a half. It's three and a half. That's big. Oh my God.


It's a big number. The ram have any more injuries today? Good. You didn't think their their Rams defense look good. I mean, neither one look good. No. Yeah. Rams do not look good. Sunday night. Your stupid team. You're gonna win here playing Pittsburgh. In Pittsburgh. So I think the line should be three and a half, but I guess three because I think people will bet Dallas. So I have Steelers by three. Oh you know, that's crazy. 'cause I had Dallas by one and it's Steelers by one and a half. So you do get it. Hmm. But you were, it seems like you were off more than I was it guess you were.


Well yeah, you picked the wrong team to be favored. I would argue you, you were gross. When does that matter? Why should that matter? I think this line goes to two and a half. I I am I, you know it, it's Sunday night, but I, I feel like I'm maybe outrageously optimistic a little bit here because my thing with the Steelers now is can you score 20? Well the running backs are banged up. That was the big, they didn't have Jalen Warren today. Yeah, Patterson was really good in the first like hour and a half of the game. Then he got hurt. It was just Najee Harris. That's it. So, and they're missing, they have some offensive line injuries so you're catching them on a good week. I don't care if they have Jerome Bettis.


I don't care. I don't care if they have natron. Refried means in there. It doesn't matter. That's from our Producer Jack Wilson. He texted me that that was another one. Refried means. Yeah, but the refried mean Natron means, yeah. I dunno the Yeah, but isn't that gonna be the thing with the Steelers every week Score 20. Yeah, get to 20. Good matchup. Easier than though. Fun. Matchup Good to see the uniforms again. Brings back a lot of memories. It's alright. Monday, I think there was some Super Bowls there. Yep. Monday night Chief Saints. So you won. It automatically has to be thrown into the Vegas zone. And I did, I just went straight middle of the Vegas Zone.


Chiefs by five at home against the Saints. You get it? I said four and a half. It's five and a half now. That's stupid. This will go down. You win ten seven, shit, three weeks in a row for me. How am I getting worse than this? I'm, you know, put me down for one and a half for everything. I'm blind betting everything next week. One and a half. I don't know which side Niners Patch you're going one and a half. Yep. I don't care. All right, let's do Parent Corner. Could I, before we do Parent Corner, we just got a text from our cousin and David Chang. Yeah. I think, look, first of all, guess what it's about based on what happened of your various podcasts this week.


You're reading it. Oh, Bianco has taking the, the pizza take personally The pizza 1.0 yes. Yeah. But he knows I love Bianco Pizza. I know. But whatever was cut out for the internet basically says that I'm sick of these fancy pizzas. And I thought it, like, I wanted, I wanted room for both. Oh no. Bianca's Italian. I gotta make up for, I might end up dead. Yeah. You're in trouble, man. He's gonna be hosing, Guest the lines with me next week. Oh, Jesus. Bianca's the nicest guy on the planet. He's the best. And you said, oh man, you know, and you love the Rosa Pizza, so why would I don't get it. I've been there, there nine times this year. I, it's nothing against, I'm just saying in general, I, I I want them to be What was your take in general?


You wanna go back to the regular slice? I still like the 1.0 version of pizza too. That was my take. I like pizza. I like cheese and sauce. Okay. And I like the big triangle slices and Yeah. I still like that too. You could get that. you can get that. But it's nice. you can get anything you want. Why is it? That was my point. I just said we've, we've, as a country, we're just moving toward Pizza 2.0 'cause it's like cooler. But I don't want room for the pizza 1.02. Well, the good news is you admitted that you don't eat the crust, so you're completely disqualified from any pizza. The crust is the whole thing. Say the pizza. Come on. Alright. Just keep going. I can't, I can't do this. This is so bad. Parent Corner. What are we doing? Parent Corner. I feel like I'm your father.


That should be the parent corner. All right, so last week while we were doing the podcast, my wife came home. She had dropped my son Archie off at college, right? Yeah. So she got him set up in his apartment. I have football stuff to do. And it's also the second year. I don't need to go. Only one of us needs to go. So I'm done with the podcast. I go upstairs and my middle kid, Jack Romo says, Hey, mom went into Archie's room probably to collect like 11 wet towels or something. And she walked out crying. And I'm like, oh, Jesus. And I was like, what did she found? Diddy's? Thousand bottles of loop. Yeah. A lot. A lot of oil from Costco. No, no, nothing even like that. She just misses it.


And I was like, well, what did, what'd you say to him? He's like, he is, like I said, I, I said, mom, why are you upset? It's not like he died. And I was like, fucking perfect. That's right. That's exactly right. That's what you should, should say. Yeah. Like, what is it? Stand by Me or ordinary people like, come on, let's, let's, he's in a good place. He is with friends. He is growing up. It's the second year. Yeah. So then the next morning I say to her, I'm like, Hey, listen, I think it makes the others feel bad. Like, they're not good enough if you're gonna come out crying. And it's like, this is what I'm left with. And she's like, oh, that's crazy. Don't talk like that. That's, I was like, no. Yeah. I just want her to stop crying. Right? I was like, no, I really think it does make them feel bad when you see it like that. So she then has a conversation with them later that night and says, I just want you to know boys, this has nothing to do with you.


And they're like, huh? I don't, we never, we never said it had a, I forgot to go to them and tell them what I was doing. I forgot that part of the whole thing. So, it became a threes company episode. It became a threes company, Mr. Furley with the, the glass. Mr was like, wait, what happened? Yeah. Making faces. So, so she's all pissed at me. And, and she's like, you don't, you made this whole thing up and now this has been bad. And I shouldn't even brought it up to them. And as I was like, all right, leave me alone. I have to go make losing teasers with the bills. So I'm never getting involved in something like this. Can we go back too, your wife? It's like she's on the Hallmark channel. She just goes in Archie's room and starts sobbing. It is like, as are the credits playing? What's happening?


It's crazy. Yeah. It's like a Fleetwood back back song in the background. What goes on Tribe betting football. Life gets hard. She needs, she sounds like she needs some parlays. Yeah. You, she needs some pizza. 2.0 is what she needs. So my birthday was on Wednesday, which I didn't realize until I was on Instagram, was also National Daughter Day. Oh, if you have a daughter, and I, I knew this 'cause on Instagram, a couple friends I had did these gushy Instagram posts with their daughter and wish their daughter a Happy National Daughter's Day. I was enraged because first of all, where did this come from?


When did we decide this was a day? Right? Yeah. I always thought like my daughter's birthday was the day we celebrated or Christmas. Like they basically get two days, but they really get 365 days. Like we're always there for our kids and every day is National Daughter's Day. But somehow that's now a day. And I don't wanna call it in of our friends, but our friend Shrift had this really nice Instagram photo with his arms around his two daughters, including one of the daughters rooms with my daughter in college. Right. And now I'm like, all right, so now my daughter's gonna see this, but I don't do the National Daughter's Day post and now I'm an asshole. Right. I don't care.


'cause I didn't do an Instagram post. Because that's what that whole generation, they, they, they calculate who likes or loves them, depending on what if somebody does social media post or somebody put on comments, they put a picture up and of themselves wearing a dress, going out to a party and then somebody underneath in the comments goes, gorgeous, I love you. Five hearts. And that's just Queen, the society we've created. Yep. So I was really mad about daughters. I decided not to do a post. My daughter never mentioned it to me Solution and care. But then it got me thinking like about like what days are out there because I've seen National Dog Day too. Oh yeah. National Dog Day is August 26th. And my wife when that happened was like, you should do a post for National Dog Day about Murph.


And I'm like, I'm definitely not doing that. So there's a Sun, national Sun and Daughter Day is August 11th on That's Oh, come on. if you have a son and a daughter. Oh yeah. Sun's Day is today. Yeah. Or maybe it was yesterday. It was September 28th. Yeah. That's National Sun's Day. Well, you couldn't do, so did you do a post for National Sun's Day or not? I didn't, I honestly, I I looked at you, you and I looked at Jim. I I looked at a few and I also weighed like, who's gonna get insulted like that? That's kind of the thing. Right. Who's gonna get insulted? And I figured nobody will. So I didn't post. Well, I'll just tell you. National Boss Day is November six or October 16th.


All I'll hit you up. Nobody make a post for me about Bo Day. Anybody that works works for The Ringer March. I don't wanna post, I don't care that it's National Bo Day. But I went through and there I was looking at some of the other National Days. Apparently you can like have a day and like push for it. Like January 19th is National Popcorn Day. Mm. January 31st is National Hot Chocolate Day Mar. March 14th is National Potato Chip Day. Yeah. April 11th is National Pet Day. April 12th is National Grilled Cheese Day. And you just go through and you're like, what? When did this start? Is this social media related?


What is this? Don't worry about running outta days either. 'cause there could be a day that has like three, it could be Potato Chip Day, it could be Friends and Love Day. It could be aunt, aunt favorite Aunt Day. Right. It, it's like, yeah. You, you can't keep track of this stuff anymore. The fourth Sunday in July is National Parents' Day, but we've already had Mother's Day and Father's Day. Oh, did that one out. Did they only do anything for you for National Parents' Day? August? No. Yeah, of course August 1st is National Girlfriend's Day. That's a good one. Can't forget that one. And then this was the one, this drove me to a tizzy. And this is why, really why I wanna do this. August 8th is National Pickleball Day.


So we're taking probably two of the things I hate the most pickleball and just meaningless national days that people can do social media posts. Now we've combined them on August 8th. I, that's my new least favorite day. August 8th. That day sucks. I'm out. I might leave the country on August 8th. National Pickle Day. A minute I, I found one you might hate more October 1st, which is tomorrow is only eat the crust in Pizza Day. It's it's Crust Day. It's actually National Pumpkin Pumpkin Spice Day. Oh, same difference. All right. October 26th is National Pumpkin Day. November 11th is National Sunday Day. And that's six days after National Donut Day. So they apparently they just want us to get fat.


'cause winter's coming. Yeah. And it just goes on and on. And I don't understand how we got here. So how do we get out? That is the thing. Well, here's how we get out. I'm not doing posts for National Daughter Day and National Sunday. Yeah. I'm just not, I was not doing it. Remember when Jimmy did a national unfriend day for Facebook? Like that was an anti-hero book. Yeah, that was, it's just get rid. Yeah. maybe we need more negative days. Yeah. Yes, of course. National. We need to some days stop following of Thousand People Day. Yeah. National Evisceration Day. Yeah. Right. That'd be great. Alright, that's Parent Corner. What do you got to plug s Well, through The Ringer with Tate, me and Tate's always a good time Against All Odds. A couple times a week on The Ringer Podcast Network Cousins house Winning weekend on Friday, Fandel TV and The Ringer with Phil Sims this week and The Ringer pregame show every Sunday morning we're gonna be up against that, up against that London game.


Oh, what are we gonna do with that this week? Well, we gotta, we just plow. We plow ahead man. People can watch. Well, thing is and listen on different things. Yeah. The London game always sucks, so we we'll be fine. Yeah, that's true. Yeah. And our pick suck too. So you'll have to, you'll have a good selection to choose from. One more thing. Controversial, maybe as controversial is the pizza. You saying that Brian Curtis, toughest Ringer employee. Oh, crazy strength. He's Eastern European. What? What don't I know about this? Does he know some Marshall shit or something? Yeah, this was Shea Serrano started this in the mid 2000 tens. It's just kept going since Is it a joke? Yeah, it's a running joke. Ah, okay.


Oh, alright. Yeah, you raised hell, he just, he just started this whole thing about how Brian Curtis was the toughest guy in The Ringer. And he'd been in a bunch, bunch of street fights and we just kind of kept going with it. People, you for it, you really, you sold it pretty well. You didn't, you didn't blow it all. That was good. People making like brackets and stuff. Now they're very mad. They're like, well I wanna draw Curtis in the first round. This is terrific. Oh, I'm proud of you. Nice job. I have to plug re watchable tomorrow night and the National Boss Day on October 16th. Great. Very excited for that because as always, great to see you. Good job. Bye you. Good job by you buddy. All right. That's it for the podcast.


Thanks to Cousin Sal. Thanks to Kyle Creighton and Steve Saru. As always, don't forget new rewatch Wells coming on Monday night and I will probably have another podcast for you on Tuesday. And by the way, I did put up an NBA podcast on Saturday. if you missed it, we covered the Carl Anthony Towns trade Nicks Timberwolves. It's on YouTube as well, on the Bill Simmons channel. There you go. I will see you on Tuesday.


Must be 21 plus in President Select states for Kansas and affiliation with Kansas Star Casino or 18 plus in President dc. Gambling problem, call 100 gambler. Visit rg-help.com. Call 1 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org/chat in Connecticut. Or visit md gambling help.org in Maryland. Hope is here. Visit gambling helpline ma.org or call 803 2 7 50 50 for twenty four seven. Support Massachusetts. Or call 1 8 7 7 8 Hope NY or text Hope NY in New York.