
Coming up, the cousin And I are reacting to a pretty wild round two of the NFL Next.


This episode is brought to you by Pepcid Complete. We all know that one of the best parts of game day is the food on Sundays. Nephew, Kyle comes over. Sometimes we'll get healthy, we'll get some salads. Sometimes we'll get a little ambitious. We'll get some sandwiches. It's always the best part of my food week. Well, until heartburn strikes, then it's not as great. You get heartburn from time to time. Gotta watch out. You don't wanna be rolling around in bed all night. Thankfully, Pepcid Complete starts to work instantly. It lasts all day. Just one great tasting chewable tablet provides dual action heartburn relief with an an acid that starts working instantly and an acid reducer that lasts all day. So you can stay focused on that second sandwich, that second. Second, helping a salad not Harper. Visit pepsid.com to shop now all day based on eight hour symptom relief Studies during the day. Use product only as directed.


This episode is brought to you by Rocket Money. You sign up for something, forget about after the trial period ends, then you're charged month after month after month. The subscriptions are there, but you're not using them. In fact, I just learned that 85% of people have at least one paid subscription going unused each month. Thanks to Rocket Money. You can see all your subscriptions in one place. Cancel the ones you're not using anymore. Now you're saving money. Rocket Money is a personal finance app that helps find and cancel your unwanted subscriptions. You have so many of these monitors your spending and helps lower your bills so you can grow your savings. See all of your subscriptions in one place. Know exactly where your money is going. For ones you don't want anymore. Rocket Money can help you cancel them. Rocket money. Over 5 million users, they've saved a total of 500 million in canceled subscriptions. Saving members up to $740 a year. And using all the apps premium features, cancel your unwanted subscriptions, reach your financial goals faster with Rocket Money. Go to Rocket money.com/bill today. That's rocket money.com/bill.


We're also brought to you by The Ringer Podcast Network. I have a new re watchable. It's coming for you on Monday night. We did a a pretty expansive mailbag. It's really fun. So stay tuned for that. You'll be able to watch it on Ringer movies. By the way, we announced that The Bill Simmons Podcast is gonna be live in Austin, Texas on Wednesday, February 19th at the Paramount Theater. Tickets are on sale at The Ringer dot com slash events. And I'm not sure who my special guest is, but there's some really good options. So stay tuned because it's gonna be fun. You missed my Thursday pod. I talked about some wildfire recovery stuff, some charities that I really liked. So the five that I mentioned, the Wildlife Recovery Fund, cal fund.org.


SoCal Fire Fund, that is EI foundation.org. Lafd Foundation Emergency Fire Fund, that is support lafd.org, world Central Kitchen w cck.org. And then Habitat for Humanity, which is habitat.org. I donated to all those. I talked about it on Thursday, and if you wanna help out everybody out here, that's how you can do it. So my schedule's gonna be a little strange this week 'cause I have to actually do a little unexpected traveling. So I'm not sure I'm gonna have a Tuesday night podcast, but I will have two other podcasts. So it might be a Wednesday night, Thursday night. It might be a two part on Thursday, but it's not looking like, like a Tuesday podcast right now.


So stay tuned, I promise I'll have two more. Plus you get the re watchable mail back is coming. All right. Coming up, Cousin Sal And I, we went live on YouTube, which you can watch with us on Sundays. We only have two left. We'll have next week and then post Super Bowl. But you can go to the Bill Simmons YouTube channel and watch us, which is also where you get all the clips and videos. But the cousin And I reacting right after the Ravens blew it against Buffalo. That's next. First. Our friends from Proja, These are the faces of two guys who just lost a decent amount of money.


Cousin Sal is here. It is Sunday night. We just watched the Ravens barely lose to the Buffalo Bills, which I guess is gonna be remembered sadly as the Mark Andrews game, right? It's gotta be, that'll be what we call it. It was going to be, and then it maybe wasn't going to be right. And then he solidified it. He is like, no, no, no, this is, this is all me. No, no, we're gonna name this after me. Really good tight end. Had a great career and unfortunately big fumble, fourth quarter, big drop, two pointer, Lamar three 30 left. The whole legacy drive coming, you know, like whatever, whatever happens is gonna set the discourse. And where it lands is he actually comes through, they have a touchdown drive, but then they lose anyway.


So I don't know. I don't know what we do with the Lamar thing. I was thinking about it though, as we were like younger, when we would watch sports and we'd watch like people like Carl Malone and Arod and pre 2006 Peyton Manning, people like that. And it was like really fun to call people chokers and Oh, this guy chokes. Yeah. Oh, and this guy, when it matters, he can't show up. And it was like this really fun pre-internet thing that we would do. Being at the game. You could do it. It was nothing better than them putting your hands around your neck. Your own neck. Yeah. Yeah. You either came through, you didn't, you were either in this group or this group. And that's just kind of the way we talked about sports before the discourse got smarter. But now as I get older, I feel like I'm rooting for people not to fall in that bucket.


To not be the Carl Malone, Greg Norman, Arod, Chris Weber. And I'm watching Lamar and I'm like, after the first two turnovers, I'm like, God damn if he loses this game, it's really hard. You're on let down mountain now and it's really hard to get off. Weren't you thinking about that? I was, but I also thought the Ravens were unfairly favored in this game. Right. I thought the bills should have gone into this game when we did this last Sunday night. I was like, yeah, the bills should be, they were better team. They, they were treated like they were the seven seed. Like they had just won the NFC South. Like they're getting a point and a half or whatever at home. I know it flipped from Sunday night. So I thought this is as much a, a problem for, you know, Josh Allen and his legacy as Lamar.


But you're right, except for one thing, the discourse is not smarter. The discourse is garbage lately. It's terrible. Yeah, true. Yeah, it's awful. True. People don't know how to watch games anymore. But I did feel bad for him for sure. But again, it wasn't his fault. So in a way, he gets a pass. Right? Except for the turnovers. I, well, he was the reason they could never get in front in the first place he had. Yeah. He sailed the pick. It said they score in the first drive. Buffalo comes back and scores. Baltimore is the ball game. They just look like they're in control. The running game hasn't even gotten going yet. And then he sails a pick 20 yards over somebody's head to the safety and they come back from commercial. And Romo's saying, how, this is Matt Milano.


He forced that pressure. And I'm watching on like, I don't think so. I think Lamar just like gacked the play and, and just sailed the play. Yeah. And then later that fumble he had when they're driving And it was a bad snap, picks it up and ends up getting stripped. But that was like, you know, that was like a Mac Jones fumble. That was like a Dorian Thompson, Rob Robinson fumble. That's like, these are the shitty quarterbacks we watched during the season. They make stupid plays like that. You're not supposed to make a play like that in this game when it's like the best quarterback in the league versus the best quarterback in the league. Neither guy is Patrick Mahomes. But it was this big showdown and just two crappy plays And it just felt like the whole game was off after that. Can I just, I, I know it's more exciting to be outraged, but can I defend him and some of the others we saw Turn the ball over today.


Yeah, it was 12 degrees. It's fucking cold. It's fucking cold out. It is. So we're on text chains with people like what happened to the Eagles defense down the stretch? Why did they, why they didn't look like that at all? Well, it's cold and they're exhausted. Yeah. Like that's why they gave up the, the touchdown the to to for the backdoor cover and almost the touchdown to Go ahead. Why isn't Henry in there every play when he is running? So well? Well, it's cold, so maybe they need a break. So I think we, we forget about the human element. It's cold. Yeah. This, the ball is so shiny, it's easier to fumble. That was a great hit by Bernard on Andrews to force the fumble, but Right punch. That would be my good punch play for Lamar. But it doesn't really, it doesn't really help Ravens fans right now. I know. I thought they were a better team.


You did. That's a great game. I mean, that's such a great win for Buffalo. Three turnovers to none. Buffalo Baltimore misses both two point conversions, two plays that I didn't like. Right. The first one felt a little rushed. Neither one of 'em was just, we're gonna rim the ball down your throats and score. Yeah. The second one, you're rolling the mar out. It felt like the entire defense was going. He did have Andrews open, but that's not an easy play. It's 10 degrees outside. It's freezing. He's already fumbled a play before he's falling backwards. We've seen guys drop that. It wasn't like an absolute, you know, he should have caught it, but it wasn't a layup. But I just felt also his ass was hanging out too. Kind of. It really, but it was almost naked. I don know what happened there. How about this, how many times did the Ravens punt today?


Did they not punt? I know it either ended on a turnover or a zero punt. A a a score. Yeah. Zero punt. Three turnovers. They missed two, two points. And, and yet they, it, it felt like if it got to overtime, I thought they were gonna win. And I thought they did a good job against Buffalo in the second half too. Like, you know, hey, Alan had a chance to put the game away in that last drive when they're up. What was they, they were up five. Right. And they ran that same QB draw. It was like when I played Madden against Ben and he's just running the same play. And I'm like, I, by the fourth quarter I'm like, all you're gonna run the play where you do this and just put two guys there. He he ran the QB draw seven times. Yeah. And they finally were ready for it.


They had to kick the field goal And it felt like they just left the door open a tiny bit. Plus there was a great, I mean, it was a great weekend for weird gambling shit. Baltimore minus one and a half greater terrible is lingering the whole time. The moment they missed the two point, it's like, of course they're gonna win 25, 24 and so not come back. Right when they tried the two point conversion Yeah. To tie it up, you're like, there's no fricking way they're gonna get it. Otherwise the spread wouldn't have been one and a half. Like, I, I wish I could live bet the two point conversion, but Yeah. Right. Yeah. That was bad. Yeah. And then Jake Elliot in the, in the game before, just a random mis missed PAT right outta nowhere. Now they're up 13 instead of 14. They're favored by six and a half. It's like, of course the Rams are gonna score, right? This is, this is pre preordained now.


And the worst in the case one was the worst one. The absolute worst. Yeah. Yeah. I I don't know where to where to go with it. I, I, I, I'll I'll say this though. I feel like the game could change no matter what. Like you could change what a catch is. You could change replay what it can cover, what it doesn't. You could add stickum to gloves, but the one thing's a constant, and especially in the playoffs, if you have more turnovers than the other team. Yeah. It's, it's, it's unforgiving. It really is. I mean, Alan had what, 125 yards passing Hertz had about the same, if I would've told you in the beginning of the game, Hey, the beginning of the day, those two guys did not even gonna combined for 260 yards.


How much money would we have put on the other sides? Like Right. I guess we would've covered with the Rams. But it, it is unbelievable tried and true. You turn the ball over, especially on the road in the playoffs, you're gonna lose a game. Alan 127 yards passing cook 67 yards. Alan was 10 for 20 rushing. Hmm. Shaki was their best receiver at 67 yards. The next guy had 15 and they won. They Ravens incredible. Finished with four 16 yards Buffalo at 2 73 and they won. But that's the thing. It's like, I, I lost both of my, I lost the Lions 'cause the big tees.


I had the Lions with the other three favorites. I had a bet today with the Chiefs and the, I had the Chiefs and the Eagles combined. I had the Eagles and Ravens. So I, I scrambled back in real life a little. But the two games that, that I had wrong were the Lions and the Ravens. I'm not even positive I had them wrong 'cause they're just what you said, it's like turnovers. Right. Okay. The one they, we always talk about like nine outta 10 times you can kind of have a feel for a football game and then that 10 time is the wonk game. Yeah. And this felt, this game felt wonky. But that's the thing. It's 12 degrees and it's in Buffalo. And that's why so many people pick Buffalo. It's like Josh Allen home. They're used to this weather. And that was it. But man, I thought, I thought the Ravens were the best team in the league.


I really did. I thought they were the best. And I felt no going home Buffalo before round three. Yeah. I mean, Derrick Henry's great. He was the steal of free agency. But I was looking at this line And I was like, he has just as many games under of a hundred yards than he has over. Yeah. They're a little bit fraudulent in the four teams they beat over the last month, the, the offenses they played like Pittsburgh twice. Who was it? The Browns and the Oh, the Texans on that dumb Christmas game where they scored two. So I don't know. I was like, maybe they could figure Henry out and they didn't. I know he had those big drives and it'll end up with decent numbers, but they held him to like 26 yards I think in the first half. And that was good enough to have that lead. What was it, 2110? Yeah. They held onto that.


That was huge. And getting the ball at the top of the third quarter. Yeah. They, Henry and Hill combined were 22 for 1 34. Lamar was six for 39 just for rushing. Right. But they were doing most of the stuff they wanted to do on offense. The first Lamar Pick was egregious. The fumble was stupid. And then the, the Andrews fumble, they were driving. It felt like, you know, it felt like they had at least, I, I, I should written this down, but I felt like they had at least four, like 25 yard pass place. Right. Yeah. They had at least, I'm gonna say four or five runs of 10 to 20 yards. But between him and big one against Andrews even. Yeah. I'm like, holy shit, we're the bills. We never win games like this.


This is a fucking miracle. Yeah. This is usually, if you bring in the Buffalo Bills history, it's, you know, Andrews fumbles that two point, but then he holds onto it. OT coin flip. Baltimore wins it. They go down, they win the game, or you need a miss. Gotta come back the other way. Yeah. Something they win in ot. It's like, oh my God. I mean, when Tyler Bass hit that long field goal, even then I was like, oh, that's unusual for Buffalo. So maybe the vibes are, maybe the vibes are shifting for 'em. This was your Super Bowl pick. Yeah. Well I had 'em with the Lions, so I feel like it's already a bust. But yeah, I mean, like I said, I, I think the, I thought they were undervalued in this game and maybe they weren't the, the better team, but the Ravens took too long to get going and those turnovers to 'em absolutely killed them.


Yeah. So they had that first grade TD drive, they had the pick, they had the fumble, they had the first and goal from the two when they just, for whatever reason, just went backwards and ended up getting a field goal instead of a touchdown. They had that third and 12th from Buffalo 29 in the, in the third quarter when they were down 11. And they just get a delay a game. Now it's third and 17, they get five, they kick a field goal and instead, but it was a lot of like little raven stuff that usually if they lose a game like this, it's the stuff that happens. It's the reason they had the five losses during the season when you could look at all five and be like, ah, I'm not sure they should have lost that game. But that's, that's who they are. I felt like with the two tight ends with the way they could run the ball and with the way Lamar could just kind of take off and scramble.


They were, they seemed kind of unstoppable and they could just kind of never keep it going for more than five minutes. Yeah. You didn't see that Lamar gigantic scramble in the second half or like the fourth quarter. Right? I mean it was No, that was, that was there for them in the first half when Henry wasn't really doing it on the ground. So Yeah. They just like said even, even like that big kick return at the end, they get it to the 35, 33 holding penalty. Now they're starting at the 12. Right. You know, but I, I don't know, I obviously we've never played football at the highest possible level in 12 degree weather. Stick yourself snowing. Yeah. I, I don't know. I don't know how to factor that in. I know, I, like I said, it's not fun and it's not highbrow wor sharp type analysis saying it's too cold for these guys.


But I think a lot of it is that, And it made for great viewing. Right. That was fun. We watched the Rams Eagles together and the snow's got two, all four games were excellent games. Yeah. Yeah. I even thought Chiefs Texans was pretty good. So the Ravens heading into this game since 2018, including the playoffs were oh and nine when they were chilling by 10 plus points at halftime. Hmm. And now they're oh and 10. And the only other team that is Win Lister in that span, he's the Oakland, LA Vegas Raiders. Oh. And 26. Wow. So no comebacks. 10 plus And I guess that's the Lamar era, right.


2018 on. And yet I thought they were gonna win And I felt like it was gonna happen. And especially when he made that improv play on the final drive to Wallace when he ran out, fought some time, hit him over the middle. I was like, okay, Lamar, here we go. Yeah. Like Wallace, I forgot he was on the Wow. That's the biggest catch of the game. But yeah, I think you're right. Yeah. And I I thought you were gonna go after Harbaugh a little there. It's like that is, that is a little weird for coaches held in such high regard to now be double digits losses with down 10 at the break. Their last Super Bowl win was Deer antler Ray Lewis season. Right. Yeah. So that was, were that nine, nine years ago, right. 11 years ago. 10 years ago. Just the Super Orleans Orleans the blackout. Yeah.


14, 15 where I was at Grantland. You and you were working for doing stuff for Grantland. So Yeah. At the was 10, 11 years ago. Yeah. House And I are doing the anniversary of House seats three. That's when it was Right. It was in New Orleans, I think it was. What do you mean you're doing the anniversary of house seats three? Well you're gonna gonna try to throw up that house again. Well, it just happens to be I'm gonna try. It's it's happening. It's happening this time. No. Well, so I don't know where Lamar ends up now 'cause he is definitely not on that Carl Malone level, but he also really needs one of these games. And it felt like he was finally gonna get it. And there's this whole alternate universe where Mark Andrews just holds onto that one. And we move into this whole other sliding doors of more buffalo paying.


Oh my God. And now we have this, this Bills Chiefs game, which we'll talk about when we do guest alliance. But the Chiefs, this all somehow worked out. I feel the best that for them out anybody. Right. Son of a bitch. There's four teams left. I feel the best about the Chiefs, the team that we kind of looked at side-eye for side eyed for 12 weeks, wondering what the hell was going on with them. And now I like them the most and we still will. And what we'll spend the next six days trying to convince ourselves, all right, the bills can win this. Yeah. The bills are gonna win. This going away. But yeah. Yeah. It's, they are just too hard to beat. And I know everyone wants to take the refs And I, I don't know. I don't know what to say. Like I, you know, I have a friend Harry, you know, and he is just so ridiculous with these refs.


And he'll like bring a petition in front of Arrowhead Stadium because he thinks it's so fixed for the Chiefs. I was like, just shut up already. And then I watched this game. I'm like, those are some bad calls. I still don't think the Texans played well enough to win. Yeah. And I was like, my God, that's three or four bad calls and they need to do something. They're, these keep a drive alive calls, which is Yeah. Like that Will Anderson allegedly hitting Mahomes in the head or whatever that play was when he didn't, which seems, feels like if we're gonna review everything in the NBA and not nearly enough in the NFL, it feels like there's some sort of middle ground where they could look at that again and go, oh yeah, he didn't hit Mahomes. Listen, they review touchdowns.


Right. They review turnovers. Yeah. A 15 yard penalty. The way the gate, these guys are kicking the ball from 55, 58 yards. It almost always puts you in field goal range. So Right. It is a scoring play essentially. I'll say that. And the other thing I'll say is Mahomes, like he, he's such a master of taking a late hit, or maybe not a late, first of all, when he turns into the hash mark and takes a hit, that was, that looked like a, a Madden glitch there. So if he is getting away with that, yeah, that's terrible. But the sideline crap where he is just falling over, it's like, remember like Egal Steven Segal like 15 years ago, they show these highlights have been him doing the bullshit a keto or whatever it is. And he's, he's barely touching people with the painted and goatee.


Yeah. And they're doing cartwheels like they were hit by a snowplow. Yeah. Like, that's what Mahome is doing on the sideline. Like they gotta, I I think they need to call flopping too now, like they do in the NBA in soccer. I can't believe I'm about to say this. I, 'cause I hate it in basketball And I hate it in soccer. Yeah. But I really hate it in basketball. Like when, especially during the glory days of this with Hardin and Trey Young and some of these people. I just hated it. I kind of enjoy when Mahomes does it, he's turned it, he's turned it into some art form that we didn't know existed. That thing that, that one play when he was running outta bounds and he had the guy behind him. Yeah. And he slowed down, like he was trying to get a call on a three point shot. Yeah.


I've never seen a quarterback do that before. Like the fact that he is so locked in on the situations at all times. Or the, when he does the quick slides as the guy's starting to dive, hoping to get a hit to the head, I he's exploited these rules that were, you know, intended to protect all quarterbacks including him. And he is taken it and he is turned it against the defense in this really creative way. I, I gotta respect it. I, I guess so I respected, like I respect the art form. There are people who like diarrhea on a canvas and be like, Hey, 300 grand for this. Like, I don't know, it's, it, it's, it's kind of shit. It's like those people I don know that they do the, the clear magic marker on their license plate so that the, the these Oh yeah.


Speeding cameras can't catch it. It's like I gotta respect it. It's pretty ingenious. Yeah. All right. He has like five tricks like that. But the thing, here's the thing, And I was on multiple texts this weekend And I go nuts when people say this. And we were together with for the first game and somebody said it when we were all together, this whole thing that he's inherited the Tom Brady Patriots get. And I know you don't like that. Yeah. This drives me crazy. This drives me crazy. I'm gonna keep saying that. I was there for all those Patriot games. Sure. The tuck roll, which was by the way interpreted correctly. But we, we are the only team where the team was. We had a Deflategate fake controversy as we were trying to win a Super Bowl and then we won the Super Bowl and then they suspended our quarterback way later anyway.


And there's still no evidence. Like everything has been debunked. We had a four game suspension. It's like, I'm positive that hasn't happened to Patrick Mahomes yet. So everybody settled down that part's right. Can both be right that he was like babied as a quarterback on some of these late hits. He was based was Peyton Manning. So was Aaron Rogers. What, what Star quarterback wasn't baby. I'll, I'm mostly with you because I don't think these teams would beat. He just was, Brady was whining. I would fully admit that he would get whiny and he would turn and he would yell at the rest. But Pate Manning did too. Both of them did. Wasn't like, it was just, it wasn't like Brady was the only one. Well maybe Lamar Jackson should, maybe they should teach a course and Lamar Jackson should pick it up. And Jared Goff should pick up the, the same thing. I don know, I I, I'm in a defending Brady mode because even like his announcing, which I, which has not been great, I'll be the first one to admit.


And I know we've talked about it, but he does have moments of insight during the game. We should hope so. Yeah. Well for 37 billion a year. But there are moments like he caught the 12 Ben on the field. I've never seen that announcer catch that before. That was nice. He had, I thought when golf through that interception on the post pass, the deep one and Brady was explaining like it actually was the right throw. But he should have led him right to left. Yeah. 'cause he threw it straight. He led the cornerbacks love cutting that pass. And I was like, okay, here we go Tom Brady. And then don't throw a terrible ball. Yeah. Right. And then it's five more minutes of him just talking about big play. Gotta get this and Yeah. You know, they're like, oh God, damnit. But I blame Burkhart as much as Brady.


'cause I don't think Burkhart sets him up enough. Oh. I think he was helping try doing all he could in the beginning, but I, I don't know. It's fine. It's fine. I was like, he's still collinsworth. He, he's no Cosworth Bill. How are you gonna be as good as me? There's just no way. They, they were gonna go through the back door, Mike. Now they're going through the front door. The Rams might take this. Mike. Mike, my balls are so frostbit And I, I don't think I'm gonna feel him until March, to be honest, Mike, I I lost consciousness five minutes ago. Mike. Let's, let's take a break for the podcast.


The Bill Simmons Podcast is brought to you by FanDuel. From the first whistle to the final drive, FanDuel takes the NFL playoffs to the next level. Right now new customers can bet $5 get 300 bucks back in bonus bets. If you win $300 of bonus bets, if you win your first $5 bet, the Fandel app gives you everything you need for live bets. Same game, parlay so much more. Plus, when you win, you'll get paid instantly. On Thursday, we are going to be talking about our favorite million dollar picks and we gotta make a comeback 'cause we did not do well in round two. But I, I think, I think, I think we're in a pretty large group for that. So round three could be a big comeback week. You visit vanel.com/bs. Join today, get started. $300 of bonus bets FanDuel dot com slash bs Make this playoff season unforgettable with FanDuel. An official sports book partner of the nfl, you must be 21 plus and President select states or 18 plus in President DC. First online real money wage are only $5. First deposit required bonus issued as non withdraw bonus bets, which expire seven days after receipt restriction supply C terms at sportsbook dot FanDuel dot com. Gambling problem called 100 gambler. Visit rrg-help.com.


This episode is brought to you by LinkedIn. In basketball, a blockbuster trade can make or break your playoff run before the deadline. GMs across the league scour for the right data and insights hope in their moves. Pay off February 6th trade deadline this year, by the way, just like in basketball, growing your small business in 2025 all comes down to how well you can build your team. That starts with better insights from LinkedIn with unique skills and interests to the connections you have in common. LinkedIn has the strongest hiring data and insights to help you identify the right professionals so you can make the best hiring decisions. LinkedIn pairs you with the high quality candidates you need to make your business grow and flourish. LinkedIn also lets you go beyond candidates who are actively applying in a given week. 171 million LinkedIn members aren't actively seeking jobs, but they are open to new opportunities. Who isn't? That's a big pool of people you don't wanna miss out on. And who knows, one of them could be your next all Allstar player. So hire smarter in the new year. Find your next grade. Hire on LinkedIn. Post your job for free at LinkedIn dot com slash simmons. Once again, LinkedIn Do com slash Simmons to post your job for free terms and conditions. Apply


Chiefs Texans, we'll go backwards. I'd like kudos to ESPN first network ever to play in the air tonight by Phil Collins before a sporting event. Nobody ever thought of it. They should, should pressure by David Bowie the ne the next time or Queen. That would be good. Or Billy Joel's pressure. Yeah. Any or Billy Billy Pressure. Yeah. Yeah. I, there's songs I'm just good with now. Songs that we like, that we've grown up with that should just be banned from sports now. And I feel like I've been doing this for 10 years, but I, we're really at a crisis point in the air tonight. Pressure, there's a couple. Anything from pre 89. Just get it out. Let's go. Really, let's move to music from the last 35 years.


We can do it. I'm positive. Let's go. There's been a lot of good music. It makes me feel good. I I I just, if I have to pretend to be bopping along the Jay-Z while the, you know, while they show highlights going in into halftime, fine. JZ would be great. That's the last 35 years. It's fine. But it's not pressure. It's not any of the pressures in the air tonight. I can't, I honestly cannot believe we're still playing that first sport of minutes. It, the drum solo that just do the drum solo after every play. So that Chiefs texted game starts with a long special teams play followed by the, the Texans guy has like a meltdown, gets, throws his helmet down, shoves his coach, and the game has barely started.


And the Chiefs go three now and it's three nothing. And then the Texans go back And it's tied at three. And it's just like, what? This is the weirdest game I've ever watched. But the Texans hung around. I don't know if they actually should have won the game, but the game was, I think, closer than all of us thought. Their defense was good. Ultimately. I was never in real fear for the Chiefs. Were you? No, I didn't. I wasn't at all. And I, CJ Stroud was better than I thought. Like I thought remember his second playoff game last year? He went to Baltimore and got destroyed. Yeah. And this, he was making plays with his legs. Like it wa that's not really his game. What he was doing. And you know, he was hitting, he was hitting, you know, his receivers and everyth. I don't know. They stuck around and you know, it was like a 10 minute drive that touchdown from mixing.


Yeah. That was huge. But then like, I dunno, receivers that we'd never heard of all year we're making, actually we're like, that's his first pass attempt that's ever been thrown to him. It's round two. Yeah. Yeah. So I don I don't even know where we are with CJ Stroud anymore, to be honest. I feel like that's just the guy you And I are gonna flip flop over in over the next seven years, a dozen times. But he did a admirable job a about as much as the Lions makers thought because it came down to that very half a point. Yeah. But I mean, shit, are the Chiefs just playing a joke? Is it like, just like a clubhouse joke. Like, hey we had 212 total yards. Can we win with a hundred total yards Spags? Right. Map it out. Let's see. You got us.


We're good. Okay. I I just feel like it's just a challenge for them to do so little and win. I know know, but it's like what we were talking about earlier with that Baltimore Buffalo game. Like they don't beat themselves. Yeah, right. Houston had that play. It was a fourth and 10 in the second half and they kind of rushed it to the line. And who was the announcer? It was Aikman. Yeah, it was Aikman. He's like, I don't like this. They should call Time out. It was, they, they were just going too fast. Fourth and 10, I think he got sacked. It's like the, it's the little things you just can't do against the Chiefs. And then the other thing is January Kelsey, who's just a different human being than regular season Kelsey who they put in the garage with that car tarp over him, you know, and they're just like, maybe take it out for a spin on Sundays for 10 minutes.


Right. But in the playoffs they actually used him and their offense just felt a little more robust. And yet it looks like he's attending an old timers game. He looks so slow compared to everyone else out there. He does. Right. He looks like it's a snowy field even though it's not. Yeah, it looks like he's got the Snowfield cleats on. He's so open. He is got like 20 yards around him. Aikman's good because I really feel like he's, I don't know, should we give awards for like, come, come back an announcer of the year and come back of the decade? Yeah. It's been the last really since Romo got attention. He's aikman took it up a notch and it's because he is angry. He'll like go after. Yeah. He and Buck do a good job going after the refs. And obviously they, they had the perfect game to do it for this. Yeah. But Angry Achman is just terrific. I mean they, they must have, I don't remember a comeback like this.


I don't know what they do before the game to get 'em so ornery, but good job. That's the best, that was the best team this year I think. Right. That was my favorite. Yeah. Buckman. Yeah. They're very good. Yeah, they're very good. I, yeah, I like, I do like Greg Olson though. I will say, I think I don, I don't even wanna say he is underrated 'cause I think he's getting a good pop lately. Houston special teams, that was another thing. It was a three hour murder for them. That was another reason they lost that. You know, missed vehicles, missed extra point, kick, return, all kinds of shit. They, they just weren't ready to win that game in kc. Right. We got a lot of Taylor Swift shots. Shout out to Tommy Al Alter in the background. I don Dunno if you saw him a couple times.


Oh nice. Isn't name. Yeah. Kaitlyn Clark. All the greats. But yeah, when you have Taylor, Caitlyn and the fricking grizzler there and the refs forget it, game over. And the grizzler and then the safety. So this had one of the great gambling moments, I think in the decade. Yeah. And this has been a cottage industry now 'cause of Instagram reels and TikTok. I don't know how long we've been talking about these stupid Sure. This was beyond a bad beat. This was 14 seconds left. I still don't know what the point of the safety was, I guess to chew off. So basically he runs Raza runs, runs backwards, runs around. It really feels like he's gonna get like stripped or it's gonna be like a touchdown on the inside or something.


HaBO then, then he gets out and then they punt again. So I guess it saves seven seconds. And I guess my question is, was that worth it All the, all the things that could go wrong with your punter running around backwards in cold weather. Like I, I, I'm positive I would just rather punt it and get rid of the ball and you can have the extra seven seconds. Depends who you bet. So I feel like nobody deserved to win this bet against the spread. Right, right. Because they're up. They're up. What were they up? They were up 11. The Chiefs and Fairburn tries a gimme field goal misses. So now if you have the Texans, you have the Texans, you're like, that sucks. They should have lost by eight. Right, right. But then, all right, so now the, depending on what, what you got at eight and a half or nine, I think the, the reason they did that is because the only thing that would've killed them is a block.


A block punt. And it wouldn't have killed them 'cause they still needed to score twice. How many block, how many block punts are you if you're actually like trying not to get your pump blocked. I don dunno. It felt like an overthink that what day it was a little much. So the other thing was the line was eight and a half all week when we were doing Ringer Sunday pregame show on Saturday. It was eight and a half before you guys started the show. And then as the game got closer, jumped to nine and a half. So people got that Chiefs line somewhere around those two numbers and then it ended at nine. I feel like I should get an emergency alert on my phone if it goes, if it moves to nine and half, it does feel during the show feel should, that should be a Twitter account or Yeah, if emergency we've gotten, we've gotten so many of 'em lately.


What, what the hell? You know. Well so with that was ultimately good for FanDuel. That was bad for, that was bad for the books because you could have gotten eight and a half with the Chiefs during the week. So if you're be Casey up, you win. And if you bet Texans nine half you. Yeah. I never under, I never Yeah, no. That ones how that goes. Yeah, that's that They got screwed by that point. So everybody was saying, oh, it's rigged for the books and everything. No, that's not the example you wanna use. They lost both ways. But I'm trying to think in general, if they lost money. Like you And I are idiots 'cause we have the money. Oh, the the Washington they, the, they cleaned up that Washington game made their playoffs. That was Oh you think it did? Because Oh my God. Yeah. It wasn't just, it wasn't just the game. It was all the Lions bets.


It was the Lions to win the NFC. It was the Lions Super Bowl bets. They were like really badly exposed with the Lions. And then on top of it, everybody and their brother including us had some sort of tees with Yeah, the Lions, the Eagles, the Chiefs, Ohio State, whatever the Lions were in a lot of 'em. And, but the kids, the kids love the same game parlays. And you couldn't, you couldn't miss with a same game Parley or the game that had how many points? 76. I don dunno. It's just all over's all over the place. The kids really do love the same game. Parlays does Harrison like the same game parlays Does he often enough yet? I think he's too young. Yes. I got scared when said that too young. 6, 6, 6 months from now when he turns 11. Maybe he can do them by the, by the spring. No, I think Washington made fando a lot of money.


All right. I think there were a lot of futures that could have been pretty bad. 'cause there was a moment and we had some Lions bets. They were somehow undervalued even though they were clearly the best team on paper in the NFC. So they doubled up. They were even to win the conference before Saturday. I was like, that's ridiculous. They take care of the Commanders and then they'll beat up whoever. Especially if the Eagles come to town. But not meant to be, I'm gonna go on the record. I I just blanket hate the safety running around to kill time to send it from 13 to 11 or whatever, 11 to nine. I'm just out. I don't like that play.


Yeah. I don't trust safeties. I don't trust kickers. I don't trust any special teams like guys running around and all of a sudden he like had gets and all of a sudden the ball's rolling around the end zone. I just, I'm not taking the risk. I'm with you and this is where we should have bed insurance. Better's insurance. Right. But yeah, true. Yeah. But yeah, also, yeah, if the, if you're receiving the punt in the end zone maybe, but don't run back a quarter of a mile. Right. Run outta the end zone stupid. Yeah. There's a couple things. Maybe I've just been watching football too much for too many weeks in a row, but I can't watch another fair catch in the five yard line. I just can't. Or the fair catch and the seven, I can't watch the guy punting on the other team's 40 somehow punting an out of bounds.


Anyway, it just seems like anyone we know should be able to just punt like a little drib or 25 yards that rolls out on the 10. It just doesn't seem that hard. I the holding on the kickoff, I just like, I would tell everyone on my team, like that guy today in the Ravens who gets the hold where he's just bear hugging the dude from behind. Right. It's just an automatic, you're waived at this. Ha. If you hold on a kickoff, you're waived your job. I'm you, I'm taking your job. Most of those guys, that's all they do is they're on the kick return of the punt return team. So just learn, learn. Just don't hold. You have one job. Learn, learn. Don't hold anyone. That's it. Yeah. Don't hold anybody on the other team with the punt return. That was like for forever when we were growing up, it was like, all right, stand at the seven.


If you have to take one step back, let it go over your head. That seemed to work out. I don't know why they changed that. Right. What is the, what's the new edict? I don't get it either. Well, this was a great weekend for the Chiefs because I think they're, I think the Ravens would've been a much tougher opponent for them than the Bills. I also think they'll probably not say this publicly, but I think, I think there's a lot more animosity with Buffalo than maybe Baltimore. I think that Buffalo Chiefs thing is a real thing. Yeah. And I just like the Chiefs, I can't wait to do guest launch for that one. The Chiefs, they, they, they Big brother the bills. I think they're like, yeah, we we didn't even care that you beat us in the regular season. Yeah.


Come, come on, let's play again. We get it when it counts. It's very similar to the Pat's Colts dynamic. That didn't really totally shift until the 2006 a FC title game. Right. So maybe that'll be the Bill's version of that. Maybe they will be the indie, but the problem is the game's in kc. All right, next one. We'll go Eagles Rams. We'll save the Lions game for last. 'cause that's gonna be really fun to talk about. Be hurtful. I I was thinking with Eagles Rams, this is like the perfect Eagles win for the Eagles fans that we know in our lives. Yeah, right. Kind of ugly. They had the game, they kind of fucked it up in the last four minutes.


Siri hurts still a lot of question marks. It was a win. But it also was kind of like you escape by the skinnier teeth. And then the only thing everyone can agree on is that Saquon Barkley is like the greatest eagle of all time. And they all love Saquon Barkley. And he had another like magical game. Yeah. It was basically like an AI spitting out an Eagles win in round two of the playoffs was how he felt. That's that's excellent. And I think you're right because the most important thing for Eagles fans is that they get, they're angry at their team's. That's it. And because they, they let up the last touchdown and almost another one that would've lost the game. They could still be angry at the team, but they get to watch them play another game. I think that's, they get another one. But they get say, oh I forgot Jake Elliot.


That's another one. Jake Elliot. Oh yeah. Missed the two extra points, but made some big field goals. But they could be mad at him. They could be mad at some of the strategy. It was perfect. Hertz strange one. He had the long touchdown drive. He ends up, he throws for 128 yards last week he threw for 1 31. So he stole 41 yards away from a 300 yard game. That's gonna have to take him three day, three games. Yeah. To get to four playoff wins. Lemme just add to that while I have it here. Four playoff wins. Career high passing in those games. 1 56. So weird. I don't completely trust them when I watch 'em.


We both had the Eagles in a tease, but they were also six and a half. They somehow not cover, but I never feel a hundred percent comfortable. No. With him. And then the AJ Brown is another one. Like he had another huge drop right on the inside. He had like a touchdown and screwed it up. So they've been getting nothing outta him. I, I don't remember how many things Devonta Smith did in that game. Godder, it seemed like he was like the most reliable receiver. But I felt the tight ends. Barkley was incredible in every game. Should have been hit more right? Yeah. Except for maybe Andrews at the end. But Goddard Ertz did an amazing job. We'll talk about that in a minute. But yeah. And then, you know, the, the big moment for me with Hertz is like, what the hell you not getting rid of that ball. Another safety that didn't make any sense. Oh my God.


Well and they fucked up the end of the second quarter too. That was another one. Right. They're up three driving, all of sudden they're going backwards then they're just letting the clock run out. 'cause he took a sack, he took another bad sack for that safety. Yep. So I Washington's a live dog to me. Like what? They're like they're, they're the classic playing with house money. A lot of momentum. They're really good on offense. They're definitely not afraid of the Eagles. They beat them last year when they sucked. Yeah. You know, beat 'em this year. Beat 'em last year. I that's gonna be a fun one. I, you know, all of a sudden it's okay. Rooting for the Cowboys. We were easily in the best division in football. Like if you had a repower ranked, everybody cowboys would be like fifth or something in football in the NFL.


Well, I was gonna say, if, if I told you in late August two nfcs teams will be playing to make the Super Bowl in the third weekend in January. Oh, you'd have been so pumped. Yeah. That's not responsive. Like this is amazing. Consider that way. I I can't believe we're gonna be, we're we one went away from the Super Bowl, we're playing the Giants. How did this work out? Yeah, it was two teams And it was like, then the other two choices were the Commanders of the Giants. Right. Even wouldn't have ever thought we both liked the Commanders. We went over on them. It was, I mean they have 14 wins. I had 'em to make the playoffs, but I I did not think they'd have 14 wins. But it, it is interesting how that became the division. Right. And the NFC north was, I keep comparing it to the SEC who has no Yeah.


Participants in tomorrow night's game. Just off, I think they were 29 and four outside of division and then just got murdered in the playoffs. Yeah. I think we did a podcast segment probably four weeks ago. Or we were wondering if they had the three best teams. Yeah, well they didn't, they don't, we don't have to wear, we don't have to weather anymore. Fast forward to the end into the movie. They did not, there was a cold weather element to this Eagles game too with, with the toughness, the Rams. They, KU had a huge drop. Ki Williams had the fumble. Stafford had the fumble, you know, and, and we live in la We've talked, we talk about this a lot on the pod about how we're both from the east coast.


I was a guy that was always like you, I wouldn't throw a coat on when it was 20 degrees outside unless it, I really had to, the wind was bad. Lived out here for three years. Then when I go back east, I'm fucking freezing every time you're blunting. And I, I get it when the Rams go to Philly. It's like I get why Nku probably, you know, like pass us through his hands. You're just, it's hard to get used to. Yeah. There was one indoor game. The other three, I would say this clearly gave one of the teams, the home team, the advantage, the weather. Right. The cold weather and the, the slipping all over. And you just knew Barley was gonna break one of every three or four runs. He's just crazy. I don't know if he was gonna slide short of a touchdown, which he likes to do. Yeah. But is incredible what he put it, what put himself through and everybody else.


Yeah. Rieger asked me during the game, he texted me. Do you think, is this a good way to decide a playoff matchup where the weather comes in and you have a situation like that Eagles Rams game today and to me a hundred percent yes. Yeah. It's such a huge part of football. I even think back to like that Chargers Bengals game when we were kids in 1980 and that, I love that Chargers team. Then they go to Cincy And it was like minus 230 degrees and the Bengals just beat them. But it's like, that's why you play for home field advantage. Like you want, you know, you want people to come to your house. And especially if it's like a team like Miami last airplane and where they, Buffalo, Kansas or Casey, Kansas City, Kansas City.


Yeah. It's, it's just part of football. I love it. So you like it too, right. I love it too. I have some buddies that you, you know, like they're just like, nah, this is just, we're not seeing the best of every team if they're playing with a shiny K ball that they can't hold onto. Yeah. I do like the home field advantage. Am I a hypocrite to say I don't like it in the Super Bowl? I didn't like it when Denver played Seattle And it just looked like, yeah this is gonna be a, a shit fest but put, put those in a warm weather climate. But I like everything leading up. Yeah. I think that's the right take. Yeah. Yeah. 'cause I remember the, one of the years when we beat the Colts, I say we talk about the Patriots, like I was on the team, there was one like super, it was the, it was the one when the fans were chaining cut that, cut that meat at Peyton Manning.


'cause he had to cut that meat commercial. Oh yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. And it was just freezing. They scored three points And it was like a combo of our defense plus like just how cold it was. And it was like that's why we won. It was really, that was it. The cold weather has been a big advantage for the Pats over the years. I think Buffalo's won a couple of the Chiefs definitely. But I like it. I personally am a, but I guess John Kremsky would've a different answer if it depends who you root for. Right. If you're a dolphin player. Right. True. Right. Yeah. If you're or a Dome Dome team something to me, if you're a historian and you love NFL films and you love watching that and just like, there's nothing better than, you know, guys grinding it out. Well 'cause sometimes it'll be two cold weather teams and bad weather.


And those are usually great too. Like the Packers, what was that? Packers, giants. Oh, eight Packers. Giants, yep. Freezing. It was like one degree and you know, but at least the Giants were used to it. I didn't, did not feel like the Rams were that used to it today. Really good Rams year. Definitely. And I you know, not only did they make the final eight, it felt like they were pretty close in that, in that game. And it was very similar to the Baltimore thing where it was just, they made some dumb turnovers. Philly had a couple dumb plays on their own end, but not as dumb as we almost had a seven six in the NFC championship. Right. Like the Rams almost had a home game. What, what? It would've been nuts to think of a month ago. But yeah, I'm proud of that team.


And they, they did a nice job. Well, can I give a, a shout out to Jack Wilson, the producer of, I don't think it's a good idea. The, The Ringer Sunday Pregame Show. Okay. Text from Jack Wilson. 1230 Pacific Time. This is when the Rams are looking good in the Eagles game. It's, it's like first quarter. The Rams are moving the ball. Text me if the Rams win and House comes to LA next weekend. Do we wanna bring JJ out too? Since Raheem is in Vegas? That's easy. 'cause then we could do all, do the show in la. Great. It wasn't even the end of the first quarter yet. So I just sent him back. Jinx text. Yeah. And then Jack, Jack texted me back. Shit. Sorry. Don't tell House.


Well, house is finding out right now. House is all right. House is gonna play either way next week. It's the Rams fans. Good. And You know what, let's give Jack Wilson's phone number on here. So people, let's give it to the Ram fans. The Rams fans. We'll give it at the end of the show. Yeah, no House is happy. 'cause he just, now that's a short ride to, to Philly. Ha. I talked to House today actually before the Philly game. He, he's, you know, obviously out of his mind, but we were talking about how crazy it would be if it was a Baltimore, Washington. Oh yeah. Like Super Bowl. Have two teams, right. Located closer to each other. Ever played in a Super Bowl. And we were like, this has to like, it's never been in New York, New York Jets versus like, no, that's never happened.


And I I that it was almost like too weird. So the Gods decided Yeah, this isn't happening. Yeah. Wait, there is no answer, right? The answer. It's, I don't think so. You'll have some Midwest. Wait, I try Tampa. I don't think it's ever, I'm not through all of them. Yeah. I don't think it's ever happened. Alright. Yeah. House is, he's, he is not going to Philly, is he? Oh yeah. He's going. He's gonna go. Oh yeah. They have, they have to be on their best behavior now. The Eagles fans. 'cause they're all recorded and they're gonna lose their jobs if they, if they curse or do anything. Good. Good. I feel like they're gonna keep, it's all fine. Now let's take another break for the pod and then we will talk about Washington and the Lions.


This episode is brought to you by Vuori. I love sports. I know you do too. I also know that lots you exercise, but if you're like me and my wife, the, the beloved sports gal, you're sick and tired of ugly, uncomfortable workout gear. Especially, you know, I do a lot of walking. I walk around LA I make calls, I listen to podcasts. Here are two words that will change everything. Vuori, clothing, a line of active wear that is unbelievable. The best thing about Vuori is you can lounge around in it. You can work out in it, you can go outside, you can go shopping down in your local wherever. And you never feel like you're either underdressed or overdressed. You're just comfortable. You can wear it when you're training, traveling, lounging around the house. Go get yourself some of the most comfortable and versatile clothing in the planet. Here's the deal. Our listeners get 20% off their first purchase at Vuori dot com slash simmons. Once again, VUOR i.com/simmons.


This message is a paid partnership with Apple Card. If you wanna take control of your finances, apple Card is where it starts. A credit card that can give you up to 3% daily cash back on every purchase. I have one. I can tell you this is true. I know and love Apple Card. So many places I can use it, especially during a busy time here with football, basketball, the holidays all at once. I can use my Apple card on tickets to a game, a gift for my dad, or even tickets as a gift for my dad. Plus, anytime there's a new Apple product, it's a lot easier. Apply for an apple cart today. It's easy. Just go to the wallet app on your iPhone. Again, that easy. Subject to credit approval. Apple Cart issued by Goldman Sachs Bank, USA, salt Lake City branch terms and more@applecart.com.


Washington Lines game of the weekend. Possible game of the year. Certainly the most dramatic I was at. I, I went to UFC last night And I was just like, I'm gonna watch this game when I get home. But I was kind of checking my phone and every time I checked my phone, the score was different. It was one of those games. But this'll be my first question for you. Is this it for the Alliance? Was this their window these two years? Can they get back? Is it ever gonna get better than this for them because they Well that's like seven questions. My God. Yes. Well, it's all the same questions they'll get back. Yeah, no, I know what you're saying. I think Campbell's good.


I think their offense is excellent. I think that defense was decimate. I think after a while you just can't, they lose three more defensive players during the game. The cornerback goes out immediately. You just can't put bodies in eventually. I don't wanna take anything away from Jaden Daniels 'cause I wanna make a case for him being the best rookie, postseason, quarterback we've ever seen. But that said, for God's sakes, how many guys have to go down. Right. And I don't know, again, counter, I don't, I don't know that, I don't know that that vision is so tough after all. I don't think he's gonna see Minnesota with 14 wins again. So I think they can come back. Go ahead, counter. I don't think their defense was why they lost the game. Nah, I'll just read you some plays.


40 five's a lot of points, but you don't think so. Third and one, they're up seven three in the Washington 25. They're passing for some reason. And golf gets strips act over and over again. They the, remember the first month of the season when the Lions, Lions didn't start out well. Yeah. And they were throwing the ball a ton. And we were talking about them on the pod And I was saying, I'm still in on the Lions. I just think they're, they're running team that for some reason is trying to air it out. I think they need to flip the seesaw and become like a pound the ball running team. Right. They went back to the old first month of the season lines again. They threw the ball over 40 times. GIS touched it 20 times total. Yeah. He was, every time he touched the ball, it was 10 yards. It barely seemed like he had it.


So that play was terrible. That play just, he wasn't even in on that play. It's an empty backfield on third and one. Right. And he got Gibbs, I think at the time he was averaging 19 yards a touch. And he's not even, I don't even, I I don care. Keep him in the game. He should be in the game on every third and short. Yeah. At a, as a decoy. But that's, I hate that. Yeah. You have Goff sailing the pick six. Six And if you freeze it, his receiver's in the middle of four guys. Yeah. He's surrounded by like a gang of players. There was really, it would've had to have been the all time perfect throw. He sails it. Pick six almost gets concussed. He throws that end of the pick at the end of the second quarter and the post play where the guy open. Right. He throws it to the wrong spot. Brady call.


Yep. And then the Jameson Williams that, that option pass with the receiver. It's the biggest series of the game. It's 38. 28. You have to score. You still have the whole fourth quarter. Basically. You have to get three or seven. And they, they put the entire game in the hands of a receiver who never throws. And of course he makes a dumb decision. It's not that. It's like, oh, he shouldn't have thrown it. You shouldn't put him in the position to throw it. That was a classic Ben Johnson just like, look at me. Hey, look at me. Watch these cool plays. It's like, You know what works. Fucking Jamir Gibbs. Just give him the ball. Why are you running wide receiver pass plays? Do you think that was a directive to Jamison? Just throw it no matter what.


We don't care if the kid, the guy's triple teamed or Hey, you're the fastest guy on the field, let's take it outside and unless only if he is wide open, will you throw it? I, I think it's somewhere in between. But the Ben Johnson thing is interesting, right. Like all these coordinators get jobs unless they're on the Super Bowl winning team. Yeah. Their last game is almost always terrible. Right. Yeah. Like Shane Ste, we've seen it like it, it just almost has to be, and you're right, he had like four or five really curious calls, but 45 points a lot for the other team. If you give Harrison a giant package and you park across the street from FedEx, you're like, now cross the street and deliberate And I want you to, and, and he fucks it up.


Is that your fault? Or Harrison's? My wife would probably say it My fault. Yeah. Because it's like, here's Jameson Williams, he's rolling out to the right and the guy's not open. He's not a quarterback. It's like, oh my God, I can't believe he made a terrible decision and threw the ball. Yeah. We see this happens every week in football. If I told Harrison, don't cross the street unless you, you, there's not a car visible for a quarter of a mile on your left or right. Right. I think it's a different thing. I don't know what he said it. You're right. It's dumb that they should have handed off and they should have run more. Two, because the two, if they go up 14 three, that third in one play, they're up seven three. Right. They go up 14 to three. That building's bananas. It's a whole different story. It was already loud. And then maybe, maybe, I don't know, maybe they don't come back.


Washington, their defense had two fuckups. The the McLaren, the McClaren, the RPO touchdown and both guys just, it was like comical how bad the tackling was. Right, right. So that was bad. The fourth and two inside the five, they're down three. It's 31 28 and they have 12 men on the field. Inexcusable. But for the most part, like I thought Daniels was incredible and to just say all the Lions defense, the Lions came up big a couple times. Like they came up the first quarter, they were really good the beginning of the third quarter, they stopped them on the first drive to get the ball back. Daniel's that, like that throw he made to d Dami Brown, that 50 yard Russell Wilson moon ball where he's covered by two guys and just catches it in stride on fourth and two.


Like some of the, the RPO stuff he did. Like nobody's stopping that. He was great. But I mean what's gonna be your bottom line here if they give up 60? Is that a bad outing? Like 45? Still a lot. I just think if they don't turn the ball over, they outscore the, the Commanders and they won. Daniels was great there, there's zero. Daniel was great. Didn't turn the ball over once. There's zero one the shit out of him. Right. And I bet him to throw the interception. I'm like nothing against Jayden Daniels. This is just such a tough spot and it's such a loud place. And if he drops back 35 times, one of 'em is gonna end up in a lion's defender's hands. But he was getting bl and he was like waiting, waiting. And he always had a, there was always a guy open. He was so smart. And then, yeah, that 12 men on the field was disastrous. But I mean the fourth quarter yardage, the game was o once they once it's 38, 28 and Williams throws that.


Pick the game's over. I'll say this with Daniels, I said this to house today and we should have the Daniels house specially is combo. Yeah. He's just, he was so good in that game and he had a couple highlight plays, but for the most part he's just, he's always doing the right thing. He's always calm. He never turns the ball over. Like if you compare him to Lamar today, you know, I think it's a real conversation. Is it where he ranks on like what playoff QBs would you trust the most? 'cause I he's, oh yeah, the what he did last week against Tampa, what he did in that Detroit game on the road in a dome where it's super loud and he didn't fuck up once for three hours.


That's fucking surreal. You can't break him. You can't break him at all. Like, like mentally he's just on a different level altogether. He's smiling. He just, he's like having a great time. He is just like, aha, look at this. He is like a smarter than Vince Young with all the physical, you know, the comparisons. And I, I, And I'm trying to think what you do because you can't compare him to any of the other rookie quarterback playoff performances. He is better than Flaco was. We never thought Flaco would like literally No, I did these on Thursday. All the guys were pretty, yeah, what is it? It's Flacco Purdy and Sean King Sanchez. Sanchez. Yeah. Sanchez. Well King won a game, but only three got to the championship game. I think. I think it was Sanchez Purdy and Flaco. Sean did too. Yeah. No, not the championship game.


He did. Yeah, there was five. I had it, hold on. Really? I had it in head. It was it big band too? Maybe I screwed. Yeah, big band was the other one. Alright. No, I think the comparison to me, I think Mahomes is the comparison. Even though Mahomes, he had like a gap year his first year on the Chiefs. But you think like Daniels was in college for five years. Mahomes was in college for three and then had the gap year. So they're around the same age. And then Mahomes goes in that first full year as a starter. And he's incredible and he almost beats the Pats and he almost beats Brady. I think that's, that's the level it's at. Hey. And we saw like when we were kids, like Marino as a rookie, he was awesome. Right. That first year and then that second year made the Super Bowl.


But, or didn't make the, did he make the Yeah, he did make the Super Bowl. No, the second one he married, that's when he had like 47 47 touch. Yeah. Yeah. So yeah. But it's on that level already. Yeah. And it's, it's a weird one because the Pats, I love Drake May, And I'm fine with how it turned out. But we, it was a big one of, there was two months leading up to that draft last year was like, is Washington gonna take Drake May or Daniels and who do we want? And every pass fund, we're all talking about the same thing. And it came down, Daniels was three years older. He was in college for five years. He's gonna get hurt. He's so, he's so skinny and you know, he got hurt during the middle of the year house. And I were talking about this today. They kind of threw us off their scent. 'cause they played really well for the first like six weeks.


Right. He got hurt and then it was pretty rocky and he was clearly hurt for four or five weeks. Then Echo got hurt and they didn't really start to become the team they were in the first month. I don't feel like until that Tampa game. Right. Or maybe like week 18. It's a weird trajectory. Right. So you don't wanna peak at the wrong time because it's very hard to play great football for 17 weeks, 18 weeks. So there was those weeks two to six or whatever where he didn't throw an incomplete pass or some shit. It was really weird. Right, right. It was just dominant. Then you're right. They got, had the rib injury and whatever, they weren't as good, but he picked up perfectly that Atlanta game that was only a couple weeks ago on Sunday night. If they lose that, that's a whole different Right.


You know, this whole, this shakes up differently. The seedings and everything. So Yeah. Man or Tampa second in one, they get, they, they have a chance to potentially go up four. Right. Second one gets stuff, third one they screw up. It's the snapped at the wrong time. All of a sudden they're kicking a field goal and, and they never get the ball line. You know, I'm sure Tampa's like, we should have beaten these guys. Now they're in the fucking NFC title game. This sucks. Yeah. But the last piece with Daniels, I don't wanna say I, I really wanted to ask you, who would you rather have and have Daniels versus all of these veteran quarterbacks We have, but we need to see him win a cold weather game before we have a full feel for, you know, like this at Detroit was a dome. He's gonna be going to Philly next week.


It's gonna be cold. The field's gonna be, you know, of fucking concrete. He's gonna have this big defensive line and if like he's, if he's as good as he was in Detroit in that scenario, I don't know what the ceiling is at that point. No question about it. Yeah. The Eagles are praying for weather conditions like today. Right, right. Didn't even have the game moved to somewhere like Anchorage, Alaska or something. 'cause yeah. That's the only key. That's the only thing we're missing. And their coaching staff, they did a great job. They did a great job drafting and the GM and they got the Yeah. Terrible owner out of there. Snyder, I feel like Dan Quinn, if you don't ruin his life with the 28 3 game is Dan Quinn like a top two or three coach in the league?


It's why it was a good hire. Even though we all kind of were like, oh my god, Dan Really? Dan Quinn. Yeah. You could add Ben Johnson, but Right. I, when somebody's had real success the first time they were a coach where you can go back and watch that Super Bowl and 13 plays in a row have to go well for the Pats, for the Falcons not to win the Super Bowl. Yeah. Maybe not entirely his fault. Yeah. Yeah. Some of it was his fault, but Yeah. But he's clearly like a good coach. He was great for you on Dallas. He was. But that, that's another example of a guy who, his last game was bad and they still hired him away. Right. The Packers game was right. Was just miserable. So it's, it's funny how it works out. It's, I mean, I'm not ashamed to admit I'm on some Pat's threads where Washington has now become the north star for the Pats.


Hmm. Where it's like they sucked last year. They got the second pick, they had nothing. They get the franchise qb, they get a good coach, they get a good coaching staff, they make some smart signings. They have a good draft. Some of the guys that were already in the team, they coached up so that they're actually better assets than were a year ago. They had an easy schedule. All these things where it's like, why can't that be the Pats? So thank you Washington. You've given us hope here with the, with my football's great. Yeah. New England. Yeah. You never know. We don't need six new playoff teams every year. But if we get three and one of 'em is like Washington has a real run at this and almost plays the Rams in the championship game. It's dynamite stuff. I'm gonna miss it. Well, we talk every year about the circle of teams that have a chance to win the Super Bowl and then it comes down to these goofy plays.


Like Mark Andrews dropping the two point. Right. Like Tampa not getting a first down when it's second and one. Yeah. And for the like what level are you at? How can, how close can you be to winning a Super Bowl? I did not have Washington in the circle even No. Heading into this Detroit game. I thought the line was too high. I never would've played Detroit nine and a half. I kind of liked some of the alternate Washington lines. Like they were plus three and a half. They were plus one 90. And yet their defense seemed like it was such an overmatch in that Lions game. It just, I couldn't figure out how their defense was gonna stop them. Right. And the answer was, Jared Goff has to completely suck. Yeah.


That was the one factor I didn't factor in is like, what if Jared go is just terrible? And he was, what if they forget that Gibbs is on the team, despite the fact that he has 19 yards of carry every time he touches. Right. What if they put their, what if they have an option pass with their receiver on their biggest drive of the game? Yeah. So, and then we also had that Teddy Bridgewater has come into the game moment, which was pretty exciting. Teddy Bridgewater was coaching high school and all of a sudden it seems like GOs can concussed. And anyone who had the Lions and a tease is like, oh my God, I can't even, I imagine, I can't imagine what that game was like. Like talk about the extremes of like, if you're a Lions fan and you're like, you're in there with the Bills and the Vikings and all these tortured franchises, but you also don't really have any terrible playoff losses 'cause you've just been terrible.


You know what I mean? I have losses to point to. Right, right. And now you have one of the worst losses we've had this decade where you can go back Oh yeah. And just drive yourself crazy with 20 plays. And you have people like me and you saying is that it is the, the window close on this team that won like 15 games. It's really, well think about it. They might lose both their coordinators. I know. Yeah. They're never gonna be, you can never trust Goff in the same way again. I don't think, you know, I think they get this far, can you ever feel great about him the next couple years? But yeah, it's, it, it's, this should definitely have been one they they rolled it's, they, they might've taken em lightly too. Well for Washington La Porter's catch was dynamite.


Like, there were so many turning points. It was right when, when the was mite 76 points, like when the 76 points scored, you could point to 30 plays like, oh, at this gone different. But when La Porta catches the ball and doesn't make use of one of his hands arms, it's like, oh shit. All right. That's it. Right. They're they're, they're toying with him now. But wasn't the case really Tough loss, tough loss for us. We had Lions, super Bowl bets that I somehow didn't properly hedge with Washington. You know, what happened? You know, I, I think the, the, the gambling God said to, all right Sal Bill, you had a good year. You bet. All these money line favorites. You got to keep your money. Yeah. New year, not so fast. We were duty for a, for a kick in the teeth. Yeah.


We're not letting you win with another big favorite. Your wager warranty is expired. Pay the fuck up. So if those teams play, if those teams play 10 times, how many times do, do the Commanders win? Would you say? Three then maybe four though. Maybe four. Okay. I I, I, I'm still saying like, you know, the Lions, they had a ton of yards. I just, I wish they had like two defenders back. Like two, just two out of the 20. Because I watched the whole game this morning knowing what happened. Yeah. And I thought it was gonna be way more one sided toward Washington. And I'm watching it And I'm like, the fuck did the lion lose this game? Every time they give the ball to Gibbs, he rushes for 12 yards.


Or it's like a 15 yard screen pass. It's like, what, what happened in this game? Stupid. I don't know why Dana's was great. And by the way, he, they hit those fourth downs, you feel like every fourth and two, fourth and three. That's the situation where I always feel like they're gonna get it. There's other teams. Yeah. And not as, not as Sure. Well he got the kicker massaging his scalp in all different OCD directions on the look to the sideline. You're like, yeah, he's not ready. But Jayden just, you're gonna have to take a snap here. Sorry. Yeah. He's, his fingers are ab bit Jada Daniels. We have a lot of Washington fans in our life. This is just one of the most unbelievable turnarounds I can remember we had, even when this happened in the Pats fans with Brady, we were still immersed in that whole Brady or Bledso who, who's the starter.


And then we had this crazy, you know, Cinderella run to the Super Bowl, which you lost a lot of money on. Right. And it, even at the end we were like, okay, Brady, I guess like he's good. But this Jayden Daniels thing, this is, this is like, if, if you're just talking about the elite QBs that you feel the best about, he just has to be in the first sentence now with all these other guys, it's one of the best rookie years I can remember. And I I'm with you with that. Like, we went over who the others like, but he's on, on that Mahomes 2018 level of like, this guy's here now and he's gonna be here for 20 years. Okay. But if, if Joe House was just getting really loud and obnoxious with us, could we, could we throw the, hey remember RG three card at him?


Would we be able to do that? Like, or is this completely Yeah, I don I mean they were excited about him for over a year. I know. But we were there for the RG three thing. It was really fun to watch. Yeah. This is different. The, and first of all, why? Because it's now this guy's pulling, this guy's pulling out huge wins. I know. He's this double threat. He's incredibly accurate. I have a lot of regrets. Like I really wish I, I know we say this after the fact, but I really wish I had had put more thought at the, nobody Believes in Us part with Washington. 'cause you could feel it in the game. And especially the quotes after like, that team's got a chip on its shoulder. And I, I don't know. I I felt like looking back a team that has a shitty defense or a mediocre defense, whatever you wanna call the lion defense favored by a big spread against a team that's clearly good offensively that completes a lot of passes and can run the ball.


I'm never doing that again. I'm taking the underdog the next time. You gotta write that down. We're not gonna remember that. Yeah. I'm gonna add that to the playoff manifesto. It's like bad defense team that completes 70% of its passes and does turn the ball over. The other thing that happened, which I, I don't know if that's gonna get momentum this week or not, but Kingsbury Yeah. The Washington OC grew up in Texas. Yeah. Is that like, could that be the Cowboys coach? And when you watch what he's done with Daniels and with Washington's offense, is that a better option than some of the options I've seen, which you showed me shaky today. Yes. That's a better, of course, Robert, I showed you Yeah. That the list I showed you was the Shays of coaches list, by the way, way it was it really?


Yeah. It was Robert Sala. It was, well, I mean Flores was in there. Kellen Moore, I real Deion Sanders, of course. Jason Whitten. I guess we're just trying Jason's until one of them works. Like, I don't freaking know. Yeah. Bring Kingsbury in. No. And people didn't wanna interview him. Right. Like the Steelers passed on him last year for defensive coordinator. Yeah. Three teams didn't even want to hear from him this year. It's a little strange. It went awful for him in Arizona. And there's a chance it went awful. 'cause maybe, maybe there was stuff, maybe there's a weird organization. Weird quarterback. But I, Kyle's tough. Yeah. Kyle's a tough one to navigate. Kyle is, I can't really a hundred percent hanging on on him for that. All right, we're gonna take, we're gonna take one more break for the pod and we're gonna do Guest Alliance.


This episode is brought to you by Amazon Prime. Here's the thing about Prime, whatever you're into, it makes it even better. I love, because we watch a lot of prime movies for the re watchable. I love being able to pop up the x-ray thing that tells you what actors and what scene. I love that. I love being able to rent movies that just came out or buy them. If I'm excited to do that from streaming to shopping. It's on prime visit amazon.com/prime to get more out of whatever you're into.


So before we do guest the lines, we were all together. Yeah. We went to Shay's today. The original Shay's, we used to go to Shay's Pizza, which we've joked about for years and years in this pod was on Santa Monica in a not awesome area of Hollywood's and Generous. We used to go there And it was pretty grim. Well, that's gone. I it did not survive. Covid and Ma And it, there's a chance it could have started Covid. We're not sure it either started in or at Shay's in Santa Monica. So we had to go to Shay's on Sunset Boulevard past the 10 past toward Netflix's. Little down further going toward, you know, that the Scientology place.


And, and we all went And it was like a really nice time. Yeah. They had a lot of TVs And it was pretty clean. And it wasn't the shaky I was accustomed to. I I pulled into the parking lot. There were some models cars that were, it seemed like they were made, you know, after 1979 appear to be driven of more than 20 minutes. Right. Yeah. And it was, it was clean. The bathroom, I, I clenched my fist, but it, it was good. And you know, food still, whatever. But it's fine. We'll post, we'll post on Instagram. We took a shaky Oh yeah. Shaky team photo. I wasn't gonna go. And then John Ham's like, you're going right. I'm like, this is kind of weird. If this guy who's in like 700 movies currently, this fell And I, And it just died and Landman, it felt like we had to go pair our spec.


Oh, your son of a bitch. I'm too behind. Why would you do that? And it was, the season now was a week ago. What I it's not is a spoiler. A little bit. Little bit. I don't know. I mean, this is the first time I'm hearing it All right, that's fine. I mean, he looked good today. I don't know. You're saying he died? Is that a spoiler, Kyle? Is that, did I just spoil land Man, it came out a week. It's on Sunday week. How, how long do I have to wait? It was a week ago, Kyle. At least eight days. It turns out. I Think you could call it a spoiler. I think you could, you could definitely call it Kyle. Shit. Can we find out in the chat? Do people, are they in the YouTube chat? Do they whatever a chat. I'm, I'm with you. Like two years is, you know, if you, if you're telling people the Sopranos, I'm going it to black chat.


What are they saying? Nothing really. Give them Jack Wilson's number. Let let him find out. Yes. If this is a spoiler, Tom says yes. That is a spoiler. One week is not enough. Mass Smith says massive spoiler. Two weeks is the window. Did we decide that? Was that one of President Biden's? That's Biden's last, last, last verdicts. Yeah. Before he fell into the cement. He's not gonna pardon you, I hope in his last few hours here. Yeah, I'm just two weeks. Two weeks notice. You get two weeks notice. Right. God damn. I guess I spoiled, sorry. YouTube guys agreed. My bad. My bad. Everybody seem, seem very Jared Gore. I, Jared Goff the podcast. Did he die at Shay's?


What, what happened? He eat something bad. I was saying to Ham like bad mojo, mojo potatoes. It it was, I wasn't positive he died, which means that they could always bring him back next season. Okay. Alright. Good. Nice thing. Yeah. Ham seemed in good spirits though. I think he had a good time with the It's fun. And Brad went after you about your documentary. We don't have to go into He did the details. He gave you a very honest thoughts. The Rock opinion. Yeah. So shaky where you go for C Pizza and to get berated by It was great. It there was a moment, friends. It felt like an LA sports bar. There are people rooting for the Rams. It's true. Yeah. There was a basketball game on on one side. I was like, all right, SHA right. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I walked to and from to shake and a That's dangerous.


A couple interesting moments in the way. Yeah. Well and especially since you didn't even know what kind of Shay you were walking into, although I guess you knew the neighborhood so it wasn't as Yeah, it wasn't as Sketch. Yeah. I was watching, I did this yesterday too. I was walking, watching the game on YouTube TV, which I, I love YouTube TV. I'm so glad I didn't have it. But I'm not just saying that. 'cause they've, we've done stuff with them. The, I really like it way you heard, you heard the hack there where you could turn off the 15 second delay. Yeah. That's amazing. Yes. How do we not know about that? I, why didn't they tell us know They should, they should let people know. I mean, that wouldn't, that wouldn't count as a spoiler. That would actually be something good for everyone. Yeah. But I was thinking of, 'cause eventually I'm gonna die by getting hit by a car in LA somewhere when I'm walking.


Because I'm gonna be looking at my phone and somebody's just gonna pancake me. But it will probably 50% chance it's during a football game that I'm watching on my phone and I'm just walking across the street and it's like, what happened to Bill? Yeah. That was it. It finally happened. He, it's either that or me not wearing a seatbelt somewhere are gonna be the two ways I go. I can't imagine the idea of burning calories while watching a football game. I have to take, I have to. It's liberating. A a bite of something every play. And it, And it shows. I gotta say, every time Collins were talked, I was, I I was walking faster. I was like, Collins just giving me energy. It was like a Gatorade. Interesting. What about Braided? He's having a great time. Brady. He wanted to dive into traffic every time. I didn't walk during the braided thing.


Oh, okay. Yeah. But yeah, it was because I didn't, 'cause that was the going to UFC yesterday, which I wanna talk about after we do Guest Alliance. Guest alliance. So let's set up the drama for Guest Alliance. You haven't beaten me since 1932 right before World War ii. Right. Right before that. Yeah. You, you are up one week. I'm up one week, so I can still win. I have to win this week And I have to hit the Super Bowl and beat you both weeks. Right. Basically win. You could clinch, you could clench, you could beat me this week. And I honestly don't remember the last time you've, you've won. I don't either. And it's, it's gonna be liberating when I could smack you with a subway sandwich. Although I'm almost positive.


You're gonna guess these two. Exactly right. Look at you. You can't even hide it. No, I, I didn't even, I forgot to make a guess for the other one. I have the Eagles Washington list. Alright, so that's the old game. That's three Eastern. Three Eastern Fox, right? Yep. All right. So I'll just give you my thought process. It's in Philadelphia. Philadelphia was favored by six and a half against the Rams. Now they're playing Washington a team that's done pretty well against them. I think the line has to be less than six and a half. And I'm gonna say Eagles by five. Okay. Vegas zone.


You're gonna be mad at me because it did, oh, an hour ago was four and a half And I had guessed five and a half. And I swear on my kids, I I like at least two of them. It's five and a half. It's five and a half right now. It's five and a half right now. God dammit. So I get that. So you have to get this one to push. Otherwise I win. Push. So now you basically clenched at least the tie C the season for the tie. Yeah. And what's tiebreaker? I think I have better common opponents. So I think I'm gonna win anyway. Better schedule. Yeah. A sadder last 10 years. Guess I'll tell this. I was off by a full point here. No, I was off by a half a point, but I, but you could get this Kansas City hosting the Buffalo Bills.


I thought about putting this in the tac tax zone And I'm not going to, I'm going to Chiefs by two and a half. Oh yes. Champion baby. What is it? I said two. It's one and a half. You should have put that motherfucker in the tic-tac zone. Is it two and half right now? Now I'm looking. Hold on. It's one and a half. I don't trust you. Yeah, I don't trust you. I'm looking right now. I'm FanDuel. Go ahead. America. Number one sports book. Spoiler alert. I win one and a half. Fuck. Oh, this is nice. I feel good. My heart's like pumping a little bit for the first time all day. Wow. So washed to 11 and a half Chiefs the plus four and a half. Be careful.


Yeah. I'm just, just spit balling. Yeah, that's probably right. Why do we have to tease it? We could pick two winners. Put Ohio State on that one. So. Wow. But I felt that way about the Ravens And it turned out it wasn't a winner. It was a big L loser. Well, congratulations. Thanks buddy. That's great. I know nobody's happier for you than Dave Jacoby. Yeah, we did at Jacob's. Listen, I'll, I'll trade knowing the ending of Landman for, for my first title in three decades. So spoiler alert is two weeks. I would think So I think that's a fair place to start, is this President Trump has weighed in on this.


Our, our new president started tomorrow. Can he, can that be one of his first rulings? Is the spoiler alert ruling? Yeah. Yeah. It is funny with this stuff with like you And I trying to figure out Lamar Jackson over props and some 15-year-old makes like $35 million overnight buying a fricking coin the hawk to HK to a, to disappear after a crypto thing. I got my wife to hawk to a coin for Christmas. I haven't checked on it. I imagine it's going, it's not, it's not doing well. It what? It's not. It's going badly. Another spoiler out, bill. Thanks. Not it's, it's in bad shape.


This edition in Parent Corner is brought to you by Hookah and Bondi nine their new daily trainer.


So you go first and then I'll go. All right. So my 11-year-old Harrison, we've, we've talked about him a couple times already. So he and his class have what's called Puberty Night, where all the fifth grade boys go through puberty in the same No. Where they get together. And I was really scared for a second. No, no, I know. No, it's nothing like that. No, they, but some instructor comes in every Friday for six weeks and talks to them about, you know, lectures them about like the, the body and the biological growth and the birds and the bees and everything like that. And it rotates at different houses. And it's gonna be at our house next week. I think it's next week is our, our Friday.


And I'm not invited to any of these. Like last Friday or the Friday before there was football, it was college football. So I, I wasn't there. And last Friday I was off, but I'm not invited. My wife is prohibited me from going because she thinks I'm gonna make a mockery out of it. She's like, no, you're too immature. I was like, well, what are you talking about? She's like, well, you know, like some whatcha talking about, here's 178 examples. She said, well, I, I had to know. She's like, well, some of the fathers, I'm like the father, the fathers are there. It's like, yeah. It's like they'll stand up and talk about like, you know, the first time they had a boner in class or something. I'm like, what? That seems fine. I could do something like that. They're like, next time Jimmy Kim alive. I'm like, they're like, you're gonna go over the top.


You're gonna be too over the top. You're gonna embarrass him in front of his friends and that's gonna be that. It's not good. So I don't know, of course she's right. Of course they're right. But I wanna see this because I want, when it's at our house, I wanna make hot dogs. I wanna serve hot dogs. I think that'll be appropriate. But I think like, I don't know, am I too immature for this? Yes. I watched you during Jimmy's wedding, you tried to Chef Dixon into the wedding cake and knock over a $25,000 wedding cake. Oh, that was one of the more mature things I ever did. No, that wasn't good. I think I should do this. Have we, we've told that story before. I don't think p like Dixon, if he, he was almost like, I barely tried.


Yeah. He was like, no, you tried. It was like he, it was a g And I mind trick. Yeah. He was Jaden Daniels on the RPO. Like just reading the defense. He saw you outta the corner of his eye and he jumped to, he jumped out of the way. And I don't know, Jimmy, so was Holmes. The referees would've called it me for a fly. Yeah. He would've flapped right into the cake even though I didn't talk. Yeah. He knew the cake was coming. No, but like Harrison, like he asked my wife, he said like, she, after all this, he asked her, when was your first, we dream like the kid's obviously confused. She's like, no, she answered. It was 1996, which is bad news for me. No. So anyway, these kids have a lot of questions. I don't know if I could help out, but I'm not allowed. Wait, how old is Harrison now?


He just turned 11. This feels early. What's going on in Manhattan Beach? Oh, I don't know. Is that early? Yeah. Oh, just, I remember I was reading a Judy Bloom book when I was a kid. Remember Judy Bloom? Yeah, sure. And there was a wet dream reference in the book. And my dad was driving And I was reading the book and the pastor sitting And I was like, dad, what's a wet dream? Like, I didn't know. And he was like, ah. Just, I was like steering covid traffic. I think that's what AJ Brown was reading on the sidelines. Inter excellence. And so how, how did you find out, I mean, to friends and everything else, but was there like, I do remember going to like a parent night. I think it was fifth grade, like a where somebody set was stood.


Remember? I don't remember. I just don't remember school talking about this. Just health class. Not until Yeah, middle school. Yeah. Yeah. I remember like eighth grade was when, when that dialogue started. So anyway, your banned from this parent night so far. I don't know what I have to do to prove myself. But what do people on the chat? This YouTube chat's kind of fun. Yeah. That a parent, somebody said it's called Embarrassing in the Children 1 0 1. My parent corner. I took, I took Ben to UFC last night and Nice. It was at the Intuit Dome where the Clippers play, which is my favorite arena. I I I sound like I'm a show.


Oh, you love now the first time you Oh, I loved it the whole time. No, I'm, I'm in. Okay. Oh, I'm in. I, I love it. And running a Corolla and Corolla's all excited and I'm, I'm with Ben and see Corolla and Corolla's. Like, I got a special guest. It is a special guest. You're gonna be surprised. I'm like, is it Joe Biden? He is like, not as high as Joe Biden, but hi. Almost as high. I'm like, all right. And it was Kevin Costner. Wow. So nice. We are in this row and Corolla's sitting between Kevin Costa and Mel Gibson. Oh man. And then a couple seats down is Anthony Keas, the Red Hot Chili Peppers lead singer.


And sitting next to him is my son Ben. Because we, we were in this row of seats and he's just like talking to the red hot Chili Peppers guy watching UFC And it's like the greatest, greatest night of his life. Like, because he That's great. He, he's been waiting for this UFC card forever. And I was like, this is pretty cool. Like, I'm glad I'm, you know, we, we spend a lot of time together, obviously, but I was like, I'm glad we could do this. And he's really pumped. It's nice to, yeah. So just when I think it ha it, we've peaked Pereira is there. Oh, nice. Like our favorite guy. That's his favorite. He's sitting over to the left. So now he's like staring him down and he is like, how do we get the picture? How do we, like, we're just trying to figure out the prayer picture.


But he's sitting and there's like a barrier in front of him. There's people. And now I'm like, what happens if we go over? Do we do like, get Ben in the selfie? Like, like how do we do it? And also the guy doesn't speak English. There's no way he knows who I am. Like, and ended up bailing on it and not being able to do it. But like for the last two hours just trying to figure out can we get the prayer picture? Like this sort that. So then we found out after that Frank Ocean was there, who is like one of Ben's favorite artists who never leaves his house. He's like the, like a recluse. And it was like, he was there too. So Ben's like, see, he see maybe it's not true 'cause he saw it on like freaking Snapchat or whatever. So we're leaving after, and we're in the bottom where all the cars are and, and O'Malley's coming out.


And he's dressed like a crazy person in a good way. Ben's like, we, this is it. We gotta get, and so we get, we get the, we got Ley picture. That's so it was, it was a level B. It was great. It was one of the best pictures he's gotten. That's, but we didn't get Pereira. How should we have attacked the Pereira picture, in your opinion? Well, how far away was he? He was like, we were, we were on one thing. So he was like probably 90. He, we were sitting at six o'clock. He was at nine o'clock basically. I think you just got a ambush. Him just got, I hate to say it, you gotta just be that fan boy. A huge guy next to him. Like scary guy next to him. And that guy recognizing was really into, because Hill and Hill and you were fighting.


So he was like locked in like a motherfucker for that fight. Like, 'cause he is beating both of those guys. Yeah. Maybe you corralled Mel Gibson to put him in some kind of choke hold. Like let the weapon two or something at the, the bodyguard. And then we real quick, well then he came over to take a picture with Mel. So that was another thing where, so he was like 15 feet away, but there was like tent, so we just couldn't pull it off. Yeah. But that was the most, that's tough. That was the single most exciting celebrity that I've seen, Ben from an excitement standpoint really. That we've been in the same room with. And we've, you know, we went to a lot of cool wrestling events. You were with us for a couple of months. Yeah. He had a Bell girl twerking about, you know, we had Nick Bella twerking eight, eight feet from him, two feet from us. Where does it, so one to 10, what's wrestling?


What's, what's UFC for him? Live? UFC's a 10 right now. Right. And wrestling was a 10 when he was like from age six to That's like a seven or something. Yeah. Right. Yeah. And now it's like a five UFC is like a full complete 10. Yeah. Yeah. But the funny thing with Pereira, 'cause part of it was, you know, if it's like an actor, right? If it was like whoever, you'd be like, all right. We go over like, you know, they'll, they'll do it. But Pereira is just as intimidating when you're just watching him just exist. Yeah. As he is an when he's in the ring. Like he, he was just motionless staring at the two guys. Like, and he doesn't move. It's like watching Michael Myers. Right. So it's not like the number one guy.


You just wanna be like, Hey buddy, can I get a picture? 'cause it looks like he's just about to kill somebody at all times. I was Ted by him. Yeah. Like Nick Diaz has that look too, and Nate Diaz. But yeah, he is also a little more approachable too. Right. I know what you're saying. Yeah. He is Pereira's locked in. The two best fights were Yie and Hill. That was just a sa It's fun. I Light heavyweight is such a great weight class. The guys just beat the shit out of each other. Every punch or kick seems like it could end it. And then Meab came out and just, Rob was, from the moment he came out, he stole the show. He had the crowd and the crowd was, was for at least a couple of the matches, incredibly loud and really into it.


They were in with Meab. Like, like he had, they were just like living and dying with every time he did that, it was great. I had a great time. Glad the main event was good. The main events suck that that wasn't their fault. Scratch. Well, they had to move it around. Got scratched. Yeah, that's, that was, I mean, that was supposed to be, he was supposed to be minus four 50. Did anyone there including you after the Lions lost, put a talt on a big money line? Parley was that minus 1100. Oh yeah. And he lost some of that. You did that. Yeah. Yes, yes, yes. He lost. That was, he got killed. But anyway. No, but that's great. That's fun. And Adam, and he's a member of Q Anon now. Ben, Adam, he came over a few times and he was progressively less sober each time and having a, having a great time.


One of the funny things about UFC is after the fight a guy loses, you know, and the crowd, they'll, they'll cheer one guy or the other guy, but then they lose and they'll, sometimes they'll interview the loser and the crowd will still like, booing the guy. Yeah. He's like, it's bad enough. The guy just lost like, he's like reevaluating his career and it's like, eh, let's bring him in. And they're fucking booing him. Everyone becomes an Eagles fan all of a sudden. Yeah. It's really, it's UF C's great. It's like one of the best in person things. The crowd's hilarious. Everything about, it's really good. So I'm glad it worked there and I'm glad they kept it there. I know they were talking about switching it because of what's happening in la but I'm glad they, they showed that it, it could work and I'm glad it was a good, it sounds like a lot. No, it was good.


And they puberty night, that's for sure. They, they properly did the whole, you know, they paid tribute and all that stuff.


All right. Yeah. The Bondi nine delivers peak plushness for everyday miles overhauled from top to bottom. They've increased the stack height and add a new premium foam midsole to deliver that soft, resilient ride that's become synonymous with the Bondi. Everybody. Bondi visit hka.com to learn more about the Bondi nine.


Wait, you're gonna have to say peak plushness again. That, that came out like Collinsworth doing, doing the pass rush. So multiple people texted me today that I got it too. He slowed down on Pass Rush. Yeah. He really enunciated it And it kind of paused in the two words. Yeah. So you think somebody talked to him? Yeah. But then he was right back to pronouncing it incorrectly. So it's there is good in the world. Well, that's it for the podcast. That's it, man. Guess the lines. That's next time I talk to you. Yeah. Guess the lines. I, we're just gonna play it out of pride. I guess the next we'll still do it. Yeah. It'll be like the Pro Bowl whatever. Yeah, it's fun. Hey, you tried kid. You really did. I'm gonna go on a high school ball. What a win for you. I'm very excited.


I don't have to sweat out the Super Bowl. It's funny you're wearing the Mets hat because Yeah. You don't have to sweat out the Super Bowl, the Cowboys. And neither of us have to sweat out baseball. 'cause the Dodgers are just, I guess gonna win the next, next five World Series. We're trying to figure it out. And like, like we used to like the Dodge, you know, we talked about the Yankees of the, you know, the whatever, the Jeter team and everything. Yeah. The, the nineties, early two thousands, the gbi, Kevin Brown and Randy Johnson. Yeah. You hated it. But the, you know, petit, well all those guys mostly, and, and Jeter came through the farm system and like you respected that. And now you just sign any free agent and you're, you're like, all right. Yep. Tax us, whatever it is.


We'll bring it back. 'cause Japanese players Yeah. Japan will take care of us, which is putting money over in Japan. They're gonna spend money. Yeah. Yeah. So we're trying to figure out what the equivalent of that is. Like with Dubai. Like if the Red Sox signed like three players from Dubai, right. Like a lefty reliever from Dubai, who becomes the most popular person in Dubai. Yeah. Who cares if they're any good. You got all Dubai watching and spending money on it. Well, the other thing we thought of was how the Seattle Mariners really missed this. 'cause they had ER they were right way ahead of the game. They knew how much this stuff's worth and they, they should have just been like, we're the, we're the Japanese American team, they screwed up. Yeah.


Everyone in that country will root for the Mariners. They will associate their best guys with us and we'll just overpay for every guy. And instead they just gave that to the Dodgers. Yeah, you're right. And that's a good spot for, you know, yeah. Asian Americans, like, they'll flourish there. That would've been a good spot. Yeah. They lost their basketball team, but that might've been the second worst decision. Not capitalizing on that. Yeah. They had it. Each row was huge. Yeah. Well anyway, so we're not gonna have to care about baseball. I'm on the fence. I might drop outta League of Dorks. No, he And I have been talking about it. Yeah. No way. It's just, it's too hard. It's just too old. What do you mean? What, how do you have to change your lineup multiple times a week? No, it's just that it's, we haven't won in a few years.


It makes me feel bad about myself. I, I really wanna reevaluate some of my fantasy league stuff. I've been too many fantasy football leagues. You love the guillotine though, right? The guillotines good. Guillotine was good. That state. Yeah. Guillotine was good. I think we have to figure out our version of that. But have you gotten sad about no football yet? Yeah, I am starting to get like, you know, no, no three team teasers anymore. Right? Unless you use Ohio State. So, oh, I must be like the unders. Yeah. That, that's another like, milestone part of my year where it gets, it gets very sad. But whatcha gonna do with the masters? Be back? I, I, we're gonna, the Masters always think about it. Yeah. We are going, if Fando come for sure, we're gonna the masters.


That's a challenge. I think they will. I think they're gonna come first. I think they will. Well, that thing, we're, we're having a, we have a very special guest coming with us this year, potentially. Is it Kevin Costner? No, it's gonna be James Baby Doll Dixon. I love it. Yeah. Now you said he wasn't as excited as when he got the invitation as you thought he should be. It's a weird one. He always clears it with the wife. He won't just say yes. So say it's a, it's a, it's a hesitant Yes. I will let you know for sure tonight because I, he's, he's, and he is very happily married. I think this is one of the reasons he Right. Never makes decisions where I'm going away for a week without Yeah. Making it a collaborative effort.


It's something to aspire to. Or you could just call him a giant wis. Right. Like, I don't know which side you wanna be on on that, but I think the reason he does it more than anything is because he knows you. And I can maybe talk about it on the podcast and then he can maybe play it backdoor. Like you see, sweetheart, you see what I did? It's all for you. I look bad. It's gonna be fun. I'm gonna push him into a cake. If I see one. I can't wait. Well, it's watching him and the masters Well, on Augusta without a cell phone is, is gonna single handed me. Bring me out of the funk of that. We started out here in January where it just seems like this is gonna be the worst year ever. But it's like now, now it's like giving me hope and strength. Right.


Just 'cause you have to give your cell phone to the, at the, at the, at the front. Right. But I know he's gonna bring like three cell phones. He'll have one, like in his shoe have like, almost like when people in prison movies put like a shank in their shoe. He will have like a iPhone in his shoe somehow. There's no way He's not gonna have a phone for eight hours. That's where I'll pounce, I'll blow the whistle on him right there. I'm like, Hey, he's got his, he's got his phone in his shoe. Check him one more time. Yeah, you gotta check. Keep checking him. Yeah, he does do that. 'cause we've been to like movie premiers and so not movie premiers or like concerts or something where you have to check your phone in that pouch. Yeah. And he always, well, you go through it and everything and then like 20 minutes away he is like, baby, I'm not gonna let them fucking take that.


You fucking kidding. I'm like, whatcha are you talking about you're in the same line as me? How did you just pull that off? So, yeah. So what would he, so if he does check the phone, but he'll have a pack of cigarettes. Yeah. That, that was my next question for you. One pack or two, he'll just have one. Right? They'll bring a full pack. You do that you could blow smoke as Scotty Scheffer's doing his backr. Yeah. Outdoors. Yeah. All right. Yeah. Kyle Neffy, Kyle, he, he smoked. He smoked in the Masters. He did the masters. Yeah. He was very excited that he loved it. Yeah. 'cause you're not holding a phone. You, I might start smoking too. Oh, there's so many great possible variables. It's really given me giving me strength. Like, like him, him, him getting super golfie.


Oh yeah. As we watch guys in the sixth hole and him repeatedly telling us how hard the shot is and doing all that stuff. It's gonna be great. Right. You shoving him into the gallery, he's, it's gonna be good. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I think he's got this nine. Yeah. Look at Rory's losing that nine iron now. He could probably make, I have my nine iron's better. It's bunch of higher quality. He might be able to use his, you know, more skillfully, but mine's better. Mine's, you know, mine's made him Prague. We're gonna have fun. We'll be good. I can't wait. He might leave early. He might actually leave early. What do you mean leave early? To do what? I, I might drive him so crazy that he is just like on a plane like Foregoes the last couple days.


But when was the last time you were in a house with him? It was one of the bachelor parties. Might have even been Jimmy. It's been a while. We're talking like, yeah. 10, 12 years ago. Yeah, exactly. So he's gonna have to demand, he stays in a house that has a lock on the, on the bedroom door that he is in. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. Because otherwise horrible things are gonna probably happen to him. I have a fun video where I threw water on him when he was taking a nap. Remember that one? It was like getting back bachelor party. And I'm like, baby, I'm kidding. I'm kidding. He was like, what the fuck you mean? You're kidding? I'm soaking wet. Oh, man. All right, because congrats on the Guest Alliance title this year. Thank you buddy. Good job by you. Come by next year you'll, you'll, you'll be right there with me.


Good job By you bud. That's it for the podcast. Thanks to Kyle and Saud and Geha for producing. Remember you can watch all the stuff we do on this podcast on the Bill Simmons YouTube channel. And we'll also be, I think starting in February officially, we'll be a video podcast on Spotify. So only a couple weeks left until that happens. New re watchable, re watchable mailbag going Monday night. So stay tuned for that. That will also be on the Ringer Movies YouTube channel as well. And as for the schedule for this podcast, probably not a podcast on Tuesday night, but definitely two more podcasts over the course of the of the week.


So that's the schedule. You'll hear from me at some point. Midweek stay safe. Must be 21 plus in President Select states for Kansas and affiliation with Kansas Star Casino, or 18 plus in President dc. Gambling problem, call 100 gambler. Visit rg help.com.


Call 1 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org/chat in Connecticut. Or visit md gambling help.org in Maryland. Hope is here. Visit gambling help line ma.org or call 803 2 7 50 50 for twenty four seven. Support Massachusetts. Or call 1 8 7 7 8 Hope ny. Or Text Hope NY in New York.