
It's The Bill Simmons Podcast. We're going live on a Sunday night with Cousin Sal. Week 17 was a little crazy, not too crazy. Week 18 is gonna be crazy and it's all coming up next.


This episode is brought to you by Nissan. When you're younger, you're more spontaneous. You say, screw it. I'm just gonna drive cross country with my buddy. And we'll stop at a bunch of places and take pictures. You get older, you would never do something like that. Keep your spontaneity, my friends. Fuel your inner adventure with the first ever Nissan Rogue Rock Creek. From rocky trails to snowy roads. There are plenty of places to show up This SUV thanks to its Intelligent all wheel drive, its adventure Ready design gives it a rugged flare that stands out off-road adventure calls of the first ever Nissan Rogue Rock Creek. Visit Nissan usa.com to learn more Intelligent all wheel drive. Cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


This episode is brought to you by State Farm. State Farm helps you score an affordable price when you choose to bundle home and auto insurance with the personal price plan. Bundling home and auto. That's a pro move. Just another way you can save on your insurance needs. Talk to a State Farm agent today to learn how you can bundle and save with the personal price plan like a good neighbor. State Farm is there. Prices are based on rating plans that vary by state coverage. Options are selected by the customer availability. Amount of discounts and savings and eligibility vary by state.


We're also brought to you by The Ringer Podcast Network where I Put up a brand new episode of the re watchable every Monday night, including tomorrow night. We are doing Friday Night Lights. The movie I tweeted about this from the re watchable account 'cause it's on Netflix actually for the next couple days, but 20 year anniversary of this movie in 2024. And it's in the running for one of the best football movies ever, ever. Some people think it might be first. We're gonna talk about that and a lot more on the podcast that's going up Monday night. You can watch that on the Ringer Movies YouTube channel as well. You can watch all the quips and videos from this podcast on the Bill Simmons YouTube channel coming up. Cousin Sal and I live Sunday night.


We're doing it. Let's bring in Pro Jam. We just watched Washington, Atlanta and you lost your wise wager. Ugh. Which was, you were 13 and two for the season. You had wa you had at Washington 24 and a half under. Yeah. Which seemed like when Atlanta was about to score in the last minute, you were gonna win it.


Yeah. And then Raheem Morris was like, how many timeouts can I take into overtime? Ugh. Turned out he had the wrong answer. Yeah. And Atlanta blows it Rollercoaster round of the game. Washington makes the playoffs. Atlanta is now in a lot of trouble. This is one of my favorite podcasts to do the heading into week 18. We have all our playoffs scenarios trying to do guest alliance, but Atlanta's gonna be kicking themselves all week. Yeah. I was all, well, first of all, I I, I, I have too much shit going on. Right. I had the under 24 and a half, but I also have Tampa Bay to win the South. So I'm rooting against Atlanta, but rooting for Atlanta to stop Washington and rooting for Raheem Morris to get his brain out of his ass. Like I, those tech, those skip timeouts. It's just, of course you want 22 seconds with one timeout is better than seven seconds and two timeouts.


And then he takes one before. And then like you, you, you have a tired defense except for one drive. They were on the field the entire second half. Start calling your timeouts then too, like get 'em a little fresh so that Right. Jay Daniels isn't running for seven yards, but yeah, it was, congratulations. We have a lot of Washington fans friends in our club here, but I don't know. Not not a, not a weird win. A weird win for sure. Well, our favorite Washington fan is Chang 'cause we're on a text with him. And Chang gets so mad during these games that I, I told him I would, I would do a Patreon subscription for Chang's like text during every Washington game. He was so bad. It was a lot of fuck this team.


I hope the guy makes the field goal. We're loser. He's outta control. Yeah. I I think he's gonna send like poison noodles over to Dan Quinn or something. I don't know what he is up to. He's capable of, so the timeout, so they get, they get basically to midfield. There's 40 seconds left and or 35 seconds left, whatever it was, they had two timeouts left. And it was interesting 'cause Brady, who I thought was good today during the Vikings Green Bay game, he was talking about this timeout, the exact timeout scenario at the end of the first half. And he was saying how when he liked to do it, if he had two timeouts left with under two minutes left, he always thought of it as take one time out in that one minute to two minute mark.


Take the second one somewhere between 30 and a and a minute and then save that third one for the kicker. And I was thinking about that as I was watching Atlanta just completely mangled the same situation and just basically take two timeouts in the 12 seconds left in the game. They didn't do that at all. Yeah. I think if they called timeout, I think they would've kicked a field gold scored. Well, here's the thing, everything's situational, right? So Brady's theory is right. Add to it. You got a rookie quarterback there on the road, might wanna just get 'em a couple plays, stop the clock anyway. Yeah. If you're not sure, and you have a kicker who can't make it from 35. So you want to get it closer than, than you even got it. So what? Yeah, everything points to calling a timeout with like 35 seconds left.


And it didn't do it for some reason. I was thinking about you during this whole like fourth quarter because fourth quarter you, you've been so hot and you've had some luck with these wise wagers. Lots of luck. I've been hot on a million dollar picks. Like we're doing great. Yeah. And I, and this had gotten to the point where I was like, Atlanta's gonna somehow win this game, 27, 24 and we're gonna be like, how did Al do it again? How did he pull this out and Atlanta's driving down and see what it's gonna happen. Then it then the other way, Washington had the ball and they're driving down, they're driving down And it felt like they were setting up for the, they were gonna go for it to win the game on fourth and one and not get it right. Right. And then Atlanta would either play for the tire or do whatever. But I think the, the, if I could speak broadly, and I think you had Atlanta plus four and a half on something you were saying Yeah, before the podcast.


I was upset there. There's favorites. Winning and covering and then there's favorites. Winning and covering like Cincinnati did and like Washington did today. Like when you're, well how about, how about everyone in week 17? Bizarre. That's what I'm saying. Like there's all of that and then there's crazy covers like this where neither Cincinnati wore Washington deserved it except for some craziness that happened in overtime and some that Brad brain farts from coaches. Bigger picture. The favorites were 14 and one same in week 17. Go Wednesday, Thursday, Saturday, and today. That's why we're not too upset. That's why we're, that's why we have our chin up there. Well, yeah, there was some very good, some very good money line parlays, all kinds of plays.


14 and one near the, at this point in the season for favorites, if you had, if I had said to you heading into this week, somebody's going 14 to one, favorites are underdogs. I just would've assumed underdogs, right? Yeah. It, this is right around the time of the year when weird shit happens left and right, but that, that's not what happened. So Atlanta, who's somehow kind of still alive, it feels like they went to Pennix, what, three weeks too late, four weeks too late. That even though though he's up and down and he's still way better than cousins is. I was gonna send this to you and I'm like, maybe this is an overreaction, but when he was like flying in the first half, I was like, man, if they had put him in like a month ago, they might be fighting for the one seat. Maybe that's a little, a little strong 'cause of their schedule.


Yeah, yeah. But for sure they might've had this NFC South locked up. Yeah, they would've, they would be at 10 wins already. I think, I think it's fair to say cousins probably cost them three to four wins by being unable to move. Yeah. What's weird though, hey, we're in this weird situation where Atlanta Panex, I think is the starting quarterback. I don't know if he is ever gonna be an all pro or anything, but he's clearly pretty good. You know, he's, he is at least on that I think has a chance to be on that bow next level. Maybe one notch higher. He is older, but you also can't praise Atlanta for this because they spent a hundred million dollars on Kirk cousin and destroyed their salary cap.


So like if you're, if you're talking to gm, Terry Fonta, who Lombardi always used to make fun of, I'm like, Terry, great. Pennix pick. You almost can't say that because the pick was so illogical when he did it. And I was thinking today, like imagine if they had taken, if, if, if they had spent that free agent cousin's money on like one other defensive player, two defensive players, whatever. And instead they put off the, and this is what happens. You end up losing this game in OT 'cause your defense can't do anything. This is right. What we were saying in April when they took Pennix, I thinks if you're gonna gonna spend all that money on cousins, use the eighth pick on a defensive player. Or if you know you're gonna take Pennix, use the free age of money on a defensive player. And they didn't do either.


That's a little different what I'm about to bring up. But it's kind of what San Francisco like, you really wanna praise everything they did. They, after what they spent on Trey Lance, it wasn't, you know, it wasn't money, right. But draft capital and might've won the Super Bowl if you had some position plugged in on defense against Kansas City and now you're paying the price. But yeah, it's there. There's some odd stuff going on. I mean, I know you like your quarterback. I feel like you'd need to see two or three years out of these guys and in, in Sam Donald's case seven years, but at least two or three, Sam darn the most emotional Twitter video during the season. We've seen all year, Sam darn coming back late to the Vikings locker room And it turned into like a sports movie scene.


Movie, yeah. Movie. I was waiting for Explosions for in the Sky to play in the background playoff picture. And we'll talk about, there's so much shit to go through. But playoff, I have, I-W-I-I-I feel naked not knowing the sch you and I love, we love the playoff schedule. Right. Well, I wanna guess this. We, we love the week 18 and we're like seven year olds waiting for Santa to come down the chimney. We just, I keep refreshing. I don't see anything. I see the Jimmy Carter, Jake Paul fight is rescheduled, but I don't see anything on week 18 yet. This is terrible. Every, we're on this text thread with our cousin and a whole bunch of people and anytime a super old celebrity dies, it's always like, what was the cause of death? And we do, yeah. Jimmy Carter my favorite president by the way.


But anytime it's a hundred, like what was the cause of death? Yeah. Anyway, NF NFC playoff picture, Washington is at least the seven seed. Right? Possibility they can sneak into seed, but Green Bay would've to lose to Chicago. But we're looking at two seed Philly versus seven Seed Washington, which I'm not happy about. If from Washington three six is Rams Green Bay, I'm super happy. If I'm Green Bay playing the Rams, the way their offenses look, four or five would be Tampa, Minnesota, which is an awesome game. Or at Atlanta, Minnesota if something funky happens a week 18. Right. A FC it looks like we're gonna have Buffalo versus Denver, unless Denver completely chokes a bit.


Kids Carson went, and we'll go in all those scenarios in a second. Baltimore against the Chargers and then Houston, Pittsburgh. And I didn't tell you I was gonna do this, you're gonna be mad, but I already made guesses for the round one schedule and I'm gonna throw this at you. I don't do that yet. Yeah, no, I'm doing it. I'm, well, I think we not even think the shaky game. There's a lot of shaky quarterbacks that belong to the shaky game, but I I think we're on on the same page with that. Well, we talked, we texted about the Shay's game, which if you haven't seen, it's the first Saturday seen our listener, our pod before. It's the first game on, on the Saturday of Round one. Our, our knockout league that we're in the loser used to have to buy pizza for everybody else for the first game.


And we would do it at Shay's in Santa Monica, which we made plenty jokes about. Is it still open or No? I think they closed it after we stopped going. I think we were probably the only that was we were like the last thing. Yeah. So anyway, Pittsburgh Houston is the most, I I would say that's like a minus 1200 favorite to be the shaky game with the way Houston's look with Russell Wilson. I don't see how it's not the shaky game. I'm trying to think who else it would be. All right. You you're gonna gimme all of them. Go ahead. Yeah, well these are my guesses and you tell me, I'll rip through 'em and you tell me. I mean, there's a Sunday game in there. You got 'em all. You're right. Go ahead. So Saturday night is gonna be Amazon and I think that's Green Bay Rams and they keep it in La Al Michaels is super happy.


It's like a 35 minute drive for him. Hmm. Amazon in la Amazon is in LA I, so I was going Green Bay Rams for that, and then Sunday, Denver, Buffalo l the Chargers versus Baltimore and then Washington. Philly as the Sunday night game. But you could flip that and you could make Washington, Philly, the Fox game with Brady and then Chargers Ravens Sunday night. Wow. And then my last prediction Bucks versus the Vikings in Tampa Bay. Monday night. Monday night Football on Monday. Yeah. Yeah. What are your thoughts? The only thing with that is I, I I'm not ready.


I, I really, I'm not, I'm, I feel like I'm not ready for this. I know. That's why I didn't prepare. I tell you to prep. I'm wanted to throw this at you. Well, here's what could throw it off. I really think the Chargers want that five seed now. I think they're gonna fight for it. They're in a good spot if they get that five seed. Of course you want to go to Houston Now, by the way, if they get by that, I know the Chiefs we're gonna have to praise them. We have to, but that's not a bad, you know, deal for Harbaugh. They, they played him twice. They lost by two, they lost by seven. Yep. What a, what a thing that would be for Harbaugh to go into Kansas City and win. I think that's the ideal spot for the Chargers. So I think that would throw off a little, the only thing I would say about a Saturday night, I think they like an outdoor game there. They had the Chiefs dolphins.


So I'm not sure what that would, I know that doesn't agree with Al's, you know, habits, but what would it be? Well, we gotta look out for Al. Yeah. So Chargers, to get the five seed, the Chargers would have to beat the Raiders and Pittsburgh would've to lose to Joe Burrow in Cincinnati. Yeah. And that's the path I wanted to, I was gonna do this later, but I, I'd rather just throw this at you right now. And I know the Ravens aren't gonna tank week 18, but if you're the Ravens just fundamentally looking at this big picture, we're trying to make the Super Bowl. If you're the Ravens, would you rather be the five seed or the three seed? Because if I'm the three seed, I have a home game against almost definitely the Chargers in, in Less pit.


It's either the Chargers or Pittsburgh home game. And then round two I'm going to Buffalo. If I'm the three seed right, I'm going to Buffalo unless Buffalo shockingly loses. If I'm the five seed I play Houston, which, and I'll be favored and I should beat Houston. And then unless there's an upset, I'm going to KC for round two who hasn't played a meaningful game in a month. And if your goal is to make the Super Bowl, I'd rather I, we always talk about this. I'd rather catch KC in that round two game when they're a little rusty. Yeah. So I know Baltimore's gonna try to win. I know it's better to be at home, but you could argue it's a better path for them to be the five C. Well, first of all, we'll go over the lines in a second, but maybe this'll clear it up.


And there's so much speculation. The Saturday games are out and there's two of them. Oh, they were you right. You had guesses on this. I had one. Right. It's Browns, Ravens and Bengal Steelers. So, oh, okay. The Ravens go, the Ravens are first. The Ravens are one 30. I don't know why they're doing this. Actually. It doesn't, it doesn't benefit that. So the Ravens are one 30, the Bengal Steelers are five, these are Pacific Times. If the Ravens win and they should then the Steelers could lose. And the Chargers do get that five. And we're talking to all different things here. Well you have, for the Steelers, Bengals game Bengals is trying to keep their playoff folks alive. Yeah. Steelers trying to either be five or six, but you wanna be five.


So that game actually becomes meaningful. So that's probably why they, why they did it that way. Oh, I guess so, right? Yes. Yeah, they would still, still try. Yeah. All right. Yeah, I mean I, it's is it so meaningful that you would wanna not rest your starters for the following week? That that's always a, a thing with, I don't know, when we think it's meaningful, it u usually isn't. Well who to me, who is the worst playoff team T other than the AFC seven seed? Because I think you could make a case. It's the Rams. Hmm. And the Rams are gonna be the three seed. But if I'm Green Bay, I'm a hundred percent delighted to play the ramps in Round one. Weird. The Ramps so weird. Can't score 20 points anymore. And they got, I thought dominated by the Cardinals on Saturday night.


I can't believe we had to sweat out that La la Parlay like that. That was, yeah. It ended up coming down to Kyler Murray whipping a 130 mile an hour pass off his tight end's head that bounced up in the air for an interception. But the Rams did nothing offensively to win that game. And I would, I would wanna play them over anyone except the AFC seven seat. I think they are a bizarre team. They score. I mean it was four weeks ago they scored four four against Buffalo. Right. And then the next three weeks they scored 44 combined and Cooper Co, it feels like they ran outta gas cup com commits mass murder on fantasy owners all over the nation. Like so. Yeah. Yeah. I think they did kind of run outta gas. I don't know McVay, that was some questionable calls by him.


But you're right. Like Kyler just, he did his thing. He got too excited. He's now 13 and 29 straight up in November, December games and won in 17 in a division. Jesus ce. Rudy just texted us that. And You know what I, I did a shitload of research for this podcast. I really thought I was prepared. Somehow I missed this Green Bay is not guaranteed to be the succeed. It could actually be Washington. 'cause Washington wins a tiebreaker. So if both of them win, Washington is gonna be the succeed. Oh, Washington gets it if they went. Yeah. Oh yeah. 'cause they have the wind now, right? They're the same record. Yeah. Alright, so So who's gonna try the thing?


Well, if you're Washington, I mean, first of all, they're gonna have a lot of fans at that Rams game if it's Washington at Rams. But if you're Green Bay, that's a disaster. You go from, you know, so people didn't know how much that Minnesota game meant today. It actually meant a shit load. Because it's difference between potentially playing the Rams or playing. Right. Philly was the two seed. So, and you can have a 13 win team as a wild car. I don't think it's ever happened before. Right. Oof. The Vikings. Let's talk about that. Vikings Packers game. Good one. A lot of people love the Packers. Yeah. It turned into, and everybody believes in us.


Nobody believes in a situation which I didn't fully know on Thursday, but by the time we got to Sunday, I was betting on the Vikings and that line was moving. That line was the most erratic line of the year. It was minus one and a half, plus one and a half. Even back to minus one and a half. By game time. It was even. Which is I think what, what three times this year we've had an even line at game time. Yeah. So now we, we know now that I guess they have something to play for with the Succeed. Five. See, but really compared to Minnesota, they didn't have mu as much to play for Right. As much. Right. And Minnesota's fighting for the one seed. They have the better record. They were one and a half point favorite when we did guess the lines. Then it moved to Green Bay, like you said is favored. Then Minnesota settled in. I'm like, I'm staying away.


They gave us six free money line wins going into Sunday. Which was insane. But why is this, why is everybody taking the Packers here? And you know, I I, I, I can't do a lap 'cause they won by two points. But I think they did. It was perfect what they did because I think all these NFC nor teams are able to catch up. They're eventually gonna get to 25, 28, 30 points. But the defense played great for three quarters. They really did. Like Flores had 'em like Cashman, Shaq, Griffin, van gle, they were all locked in Step and KOC did a great job with two 20 left. Bleeding the clock. We'll talk about it. He did it better than anybody's done it. Really? Yeah. He's coach of the year. He has to be.


It's crazy that Harbaugh completely rejuvenated. Rejuvenated the Chargers made chicken, salad, chicken. Hold on, I'm gonna get this right. Do it. Made chicken salad Outta chicken. Shit good. Yeah I did it. I nailed it. And he's not gonna win Coach of the Year. You think like where that team was last year. All the stuff he did for them, they had some injuries too. It wasn't like it was like the easiest season and he has no chance the quarterback went out. Yeah. Yeah. Jjt was supposed to be a guy. Yeah. Well so KOCI think he gets it. The Packers, you know there are five losses. Two against Alliance. Two against the Vikings. One against Eagles. The Eagles.


Eagles. Yeah. And this was everybody's Super Bowl sleeper. It'd be nice if they beat one of the top three tubes in their division one or Con conference once. Right. I'm also not positive. I really like Jordan Love and I think he's good in spurts and I've watched the game that they played today, I feel like six times in the last year and a half where they kind of suck. He misses a couple throws, they're a little erratic, all of a sudden they're behind. And then they do this furious rally with like a quarter left or half a quarter left. Right. And then the score, the, they played this, this exact Minnesota game happened already in the first month of the season where they were way behind rallied back in the final score.


They lost by two. This was not a two point loss. Minnesota dominated the game field goal kicker missed two fuel goals. Yep. I just felt like that they, this was a double figures win. Now it will say they won by two. Yeah, I agree. Yeah. And they pressured him the whole game and Green Bay couldn't really pressure Donald. Right. No. So that seemed like the difference. The one thing I'll say is I wonder if Watson really makes a big difference for this offense. I think he does. Yeah. Like him not being there. I don't know. It's some nice spots in there. Jayden Reed's a, a fun player, but he'll, he'll disappear for like quarters at a time. Right. Yeah. I mean he had a one reception five yard game a couple weeks ago and today it took him a, a while to get going but very, I thought it might be a double tight end game for them.


Oh yeah. Like just being more physical. They were like, Brady was really bullish on them riding Jacobs and he's comparing McCory Dylan and all these different running backs. But the bikes played great and darn they've been underestimated all year. I really regret on Thursday not going all in on them because I think they're really good. I like, I think they could absolutely beat Detroit. I could absolutely see them in the Super Bowl watching them today. I was thinking, 'cause I felt that same way watching that Cincinnati game. And I had Denver plus seven and a half in that one. So I actually ended up hitting it. But since he's so scary when they have the ball and they just need eight yards. Yeah. Or they're, it's third and eighth. It's third and sixth, it's second and 10 and they have those two receivers And it just feels like anytime Bora wants, he can hit somebody for eight yards on and out.


Or you can hit them down the sidelines or cross or whatever. I think Minnesota has the same thing. Yeah. Those two receivers, when they really, really need to complete a pass, they can find one of those guys. It seems like Sam Donald doesn't seem like he's gonna blow a game. The coach doesn't seem like he's gonna blow a game. The defense seems like it's gonna play good enough for long enough. I don't think like going forward, are they, are they gonna be an underdog at any point by more than two points or three points? I don't think you can make it. Who would be? No, no. No way. Well, we'll see. You should have said today, there should have been at least like a one and half or two point favorite in Right. The market said otherwise. I just think people, Sam Donald, three years in the Jets, two in Carolina, he was on the Niners last year and I just think people are slow to come around on this.


But he's been making, he's been doing this all year really consistently. And I said last week to you, I felt like when I really needed to make a play and that come from behind game last week, I was like, I, I think he's gonna do it. Like I believe, I believe he's gonna make the play. It felt the same way in this game today. I just felt like he was gonna come through. He has one shaky throw a game. But I think you could say that about literally any quarterback in the league. Yeah. I don't think it's fluky at this point. I think like we can move on to the next argument. Like with oh JJ McCarthy keep him or trade him like this guy. You're not gonna have results like Sam Arnold put out there. And it's not, it just feels different from the team two, three years ago, whatever it was where cousins won every game by one score.


Right. It's just something about it. Like, yeah, this guy fits in this offense and it's gonna work for a little bit. Yeah. Raheem, not Raheem Morris guy who took two time out into the overtime. Yeah. Our friend Raheem, who's on The Ringer Sunday pregame, he had a good tweet about this one score win-loss record, which has become a really fun way when we talk about teams after the fact or during the season. Is this real? Is this not real? And the theory is like if you're eight and one nine and one 10 and one and one score games, there's something fluky about that. Yeah. We've talked about this a lot for years. And there was that Cousin's Vikings year a couple years ago when they just had crazy luck at one score games.


But we knew they weren't good. Right. I don't feel that way at all about this Vikings team. I think they're legitimately good. And I actually think they shouldn't have been in as many one score games as they were because they just had these dumb games that all of a sudden in the last five minutes the other team scored this was whatever. So I, to me, they're not like, to me they're legitimate awesome contender. And I I think you could make the case. I I, I think I would bet against them in any, against any NFC team. Wait, say that again. You would do what? I think I shit No, no, I screwed up. I think I would bet on them. Okay. Against any NFC team. I like them the most.


Yeah, I I think so too. I, it's really tough. I, that coach just showed me so much when two minutes, 20 seconds, green Bay has three timeouts, almost anybody just runs it into the line three times and you have to treat it like you're losing the game at that point. That's exactly what he did. The next four plays, three of 'em were throws and none really liked to Jefferson or Addison or like Hawkinson. Like it was like all just like nice plays, but they made it nice and easy and Donald just so comfortable in that situation. Yeah. And the second dad, And it was like second and nine, Jefferson was cutting across and Donald just whipped it And it was, it was a great throw, but it was probably four receivers in the league. Couldn't get that extra like split second of a step and also make the catch of traffic.


And then the game end, they've ran the classic fake, everybody runs to the left. Oh the quarterback circles around to the right lofts over the screen pass. Smart. I, it's one of the best plays. I almost turn into Collinsworth when I watch that, but I just love that. I just love teams. Do that Bill, you know, there's only one Lamar Jackson, but there's another one here with the, with Michael Pennock and maybe even a third one with Jayden Daniels and the referees are Lamar Jackson. Everyone's Lamar Jackson. I can't believe that JJ McCarthy thing is even a question at this point. No, there's no way Arnold's their quarterback now. This, this is done. It's a wrap.


It's like this is Brady Bledsoe multiplied by 17 Brady Bledsoe. Even heading into the playoffs was still an argument. There's no argument anymore. But they keep McCarthy for a year and just, you know, keep him as a backup and then figure out what to do. But considering the quarterback class is pretty shaky beyond the top two, I feel like they could get like a mid first round pick form or a late first rounder or high second rounder. The somewhere in like the 15 to 35 range right. For him. Well the best part is is teams like the Giants dropping out of the top two cornerback slot. Oh my God. Right? Yeah. And can't wait to talk about that. Who may have to trade up to get like a JJ McCarthy


Now the NFL playoffs are almost here. It's not too late to get in on the regular season action with FanDuel America's number one sports book. You knew that already. Right now new customers can finish the season strong $250 in bonus bets. If your first $5 bet wins. You heard me correctly. FanDuel So many ways for you to pick up w You can bet on who win the game. You can bet props. You could bet who's gonna score a touchdown? How many points a team's gonna score whatever you want. Million dollar picks, which we Put up every Thursday. We've been doing really, really, really well. And you should probably tail some of those picks after we put them up on Thursday. Join us on Friday after we study the week 18 slate. Visit fando.com/bs to join today. This way you'll be all set for the biggest games of the year. Again, fando.com/bs for your chance at $250 in bonus bets. Make every moment more with FanDuel. An official sports book partner of the NFL must be 21 plus and President Select states are 18 plus and president in DC. First online Real Money wager only $5 First deposit required bonus issued as no alba Bonus bets, which expire seven days after receipt restrictions. Apply C terms@sportsbook.fan.com. Give 'em a problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or visit rg help.com.


All right, switching gears. There's some big questions left. Can the Bengals make the playoffs is one of them. Which I think everybody wants just as football fans because Burrough's been so great this year. The scenario is this, they have to be Pittsburgh, Denver has to lose Carson wi and the Chiefs and the Dolphins have to lose to that hot garbage jet team who was just a complete train wreck of an embarrassment until Tyro Taylor came in in the fourth quarter. All and now granted it's garbage time. Buffalo, they won the game. It's a wrap. Tyro Taylor, all of a sudden it was little like the panics cousins thing. He could move around. He was making plays.


I think they'd be crazy not to start him next week unless they, if they wanna protect their pick, which is probably like top seven, top eight at this point. You played Rogers. 'cause he's just, he's he's a sunk cost at this point. But yeah, if they played Ty Taylor, I could see them beating Miami. I mean Miami was, you know, it doesn't seem like two is gonna play next week. They Yeah, Cleveland's so bad and Thompson Robinson is so bad. Miami like they, they had no choice but to win that game, but the Jets could beat them. I'm trying to, so then it comes down to Carson wins. Yeah. So that, that obviously they, they put all these games together. Chiefs, Broncos, chargers, Raiders, dolphins, jets. Yeah. Those are the late afternoon games. Yeah.


So I think you're right. I have no idea with Tua. Well you and I were like, what the hell's going on JJ Johns or Scam big Dolphins fan. Give us a heads up about Tua. We don't find out until Thursday. He may not play again. So you might, you might end up with a a, a garbage match like that. But it was so fun watching Tie Rod being better than Arod. Really, really great, unbelievable stuff. Rogers was just, just horrible. I had, I did a 13 pointer, which I think I lost three legs of. It was my one losing bet today other than this last one at the end. Rogers was so bad And it was so hopeless from the moment it was like, I don't know, 12, nothing.


19 nine. It was just that you just knew, knew it was over. Doesn't seem like the teammates like him that much. No, Wilson there's stuff about like, if Rogers is back next year, please trade me. That's stuff's starting to float around. And it would be really funny if Taylor came in and the Jets were awesome next week. Miami is, let's just, lemme let me read a couple Rogers things. First of all, he goes in there, please. He's supposed to go for his 500 touchdown touchdown pass. I'm like, oh this is gonna suck. Not that they'd stop the game in Buffalo, but Yeah. Oh, he is gonna get 500. Devonte Adams is like, I'm playing, I wanna be there. Yeah. I want to catch the 500. I'm like, shit. Instead he sets the sack record. He is the most sack quarterback Yeah. Of all time. And I, my favorite of all, it was early in the first quarter, maybe middle of first quarter, third in one driving right to left.


He rolls Right. And he's got nothing but daylight and Romo even's like run it. And Romo doesn't do that. He does a lot of Yeah. What people might think are annoying things, but he wouldn't like, he, he definitely like blurted it out when he didn't mean to, he had 15 yards of daylight too scared or whatever to take off. He fires the ball at his receiver's shins and then yells at the receiver. Right. Like, and the receiver's like, oh, I'm sorry I wasn't paying attention. Me and the other receivers are watching. Thought you'd walk the ball into the end zone here. But yeah, A 1.2 QBR today, the lowest QBR in a game since Davis Mills 0.8 in 2021. Good job by you Aaron Rogers. You ruined Peter Schrager's season. I didn't do it.


Our guy Shrie, he, there was a tweet that had over 3 million views at the time of this taping by somebody on Twitter named Steak Friend. He said, jets getting Aaron Rogers is like finally banging your high school crush when she's 40 and has four kids. That's great. It's over 3 million views at this point. That's good. It lost in how bad Rogers has been is how bad Jeff Ulrich's been as the Jets interim coach. Yeah. Today they had 16 penalties for 120 yards. That's like, that makes the Patriots look like Wellbe behaved by contract. He is horrible. One thing we've learned this year is that the interim coach isn't necessarily this magical elixir because the bears are way worse.


Yeah. Right. The the Jets, I think if they had had salad, they, they'd, at least with salad, their defense was better. We had the fell apart. We were ena enamored with the Clogger for a minute and then that went to shape. Yes. Spencer rather, ironically, hard to say with the Clogger. Yeah. But yeah, rough jet season. I feel bad for the Jets fans. One thing with the Bengals, I think they're about 16 to one. If you put those three possibilities together to make the playoffs. If you're, if you're KC do you lose intentionally to Denver is the question somebody texted me today that I thought was intriguing. I don't, I don't think teams lose intentionally in the NFL.


I guess you could play like your third string QB and not give a shit, but they're just much better off if Denver is the seven seed than Cincinnati. I think well, alright, let's think about this. Wouldn't they want Cincinnati to play Buffalo? I mean, I I think they want Buffalo out. Right? They're not put both those teams. So if you, oh, so you're saying so that, so beat Denver to try to get Cincinnati into the 17 that's Yeah, I think so. You don't have to, you're not going against Cincinnati in the first round. So you're going against one of those two teams. I think they'll slap Cincinnati around if they get, if they have to go to Arrowhead. I mean, that's a flawed team. We like rooting for them. I think you could have it both ways. Like we said, like you, we could talk about how bad they are now.


They can't get outta their own way and also not wanna meet them in the first round. So Yeah, their defense is pretty awful. Yeah, they, it was interesting because that game feels like it happened a hundred years ago and it was yesterday, but I don't think Sean Peyton covered himself in glory yesterday with some of the calls. Right. Some of the clock management just in general. I, And it, it's something I've noticed over and over and again with him where people seem to think he's this, you know, like he's this like, kind of what we were talking about with Kevin O'Connell earlier. But it instead it just feels like I know. Did were you happy with how he coached yesterday? No, I, I don't know.


I was a little confused. Right. But I think he, people wanted him to go for the two point conversion at the end of regulation and Well he needed the tie, right? Yeah. So they needed the tie as good as, as a win. So tie was as good as a win. So it didn't make sense to go for the win. 'cause in overtime a tie would've won it for the tip. And also Bengal's kicker sucks. He was probably factoring that in that, in that too. So we'll go Time Brown got hurt and Chase Brown got hurt and also they went three and out Cincinnati. So they had the ball Denver with a chance to win with a field goal. But they had twice, they had two series in overtime and they were just, they had that second and nine or it was like second and seven. They ran the wide receiver screen. The guy got tackled for two in the first series. Bow Nicks tried to throw a deep for some reason, didn't get it.


It was weird. I just felt like they could have run the ball on Cincy all day. They ran the ball for five yards of carry. It was a bad loss. I did too. I mean, I felt the same with, it was only a very similar game to tonight's, right? Like Yeah. You know, Bija Robinson could have run the ball And it could have done that. And the, I I thought it was like one of the luckiest covers of 2024. Maybe tonight change that, but I don't know. Cincinnati's a weird team like borough's great. And like you said, like they have that pitch and catch thing going. Yeah. For seven yards. Like no one's gonna like, you know, Higgins is gonna get Juan Soto money next year. Good for him. But I don know hopefully from the Patriots. There you go. MVP raised, at least when I checked at this couple, couple hours ago, Alan was minus 300. Lamar was, that's what I saw. Plus two 50.


Yeah. And Burrow and Barley were 50 to one. And the thinking was, if Burrow somehow got the seven seed for the Bengals, he has to be in the MVP consideration. I just don't agree. Burrow's 31 now. Yeah. Oh, he's 31. I don't back to 30. Don't lose eight. You can't lose eight times in a season and be the MVP. That's absurd. That's dead money. Yeah. That's, that's a waste. I I think it's gotta be Josh. I think it's fair to say, all right, whoever gets the the seed, the two seed could be the, I mean it can't be Mahomes, his numbers don't support it. Right. So it's gotta be the Josh Allen, Lamar Jackson and give it to whoever has a two seat at this point. It's tough. There's some stat stuff that's a little more favorable for Lamar. Itest was a little more favorable for Josh.


I would say the, the infrastructure of the roster is, you'd probably want Baltimore's a little bit more. Buffalo had a lot more uncertainty heading into the season. I don't really know. I i is that just crack your brain when you hear like Josh Allen broke Thurman Thomas's record for like the bills touchdown rushes like for Right. Someone who watched football and loved it and got in college in the nineties. Like what the really, he really did already. Like that's spectacular. I mean right now. And I don't know if there's a 100% right answer. I like when people get so upset about it. It was like when like we've had some M-B-A-M-V-P things like this too right now. I I think it could really come down to something as stupid as Baltimore's five losses in Buffalo's three.


Yeah. Because it's really close and it's just like Buffalo's had a better, they've had been a better team. I've been a little more impressed with their season. I think both guys are equally important. He doesn't have anything like Derrick Henry, he doesn't have the coaching infrastructure that the Ravens had. And even though McDermott is a top seven or eight coach, the Ravens have been doing this forever. I would just have slight edge to Josh if the head head does the head to head matter. Well, so Baltimore beat him 35 to 10 in week four. So that's, that's a case for LaVar. I don't know. I don't know the answer Sir. Rudy, shut up. We've been doing this for like 37 years. We don't need your help now. I here I no, it, it's a good question but I think here's what matters more.


You, they beat the one seed, right? Baltimore didn't. They were a tow away from Right. They the only, only case he win. Yeah. They have, they have more wins and they beat the one seat and you're not giving it to Mahomes. Another another thing off this off. Josh Allen. I won, I won our keeper fantasy league today. Yeah. Congratulations. I saw that. Thank you. Easily. Right. You know, it is an emotional time for me and my fans because we had Joe Burrow, we've had this league four years. I had Joe Burrow year one. We had this rule where you could keep him for a maximum of four years. So he is been with my my team the whole time. Oh he is gone. And then he really came through in the, in the last game.


And it meant a lot to me and my fans to watch him do that for my fake fantasy team and his fake teammates. 41. You'll get 0.1 points. Get the question though about fantasy. Is it possible to win a league if you didn't have a Lamar Burrow or Baker This year kind of feels like you had to have one of those four guys. Who did Tony have in that? Well he said Barkley right? Did you mention Barkley? No, I'm I'm saying though, one of those four quarterbacks. Four quarterbacks. Quarterbacks. Oh, I see. Yeah. Yeah. Did you have It's 'cause it was unusual. 'cause normally we talk, we always talk about our quarterbacks don't matter that much in fantasy. I know, I know. And then this year, yeah, who did Tony have in our knockout league? Oh, let's And Lamar Jackson. Yeah. I was just, I would love to know like percentage of leagues won by one by those four quarterbacks has to be like 80%.


Yeah, it's off topic. But I did see 50% of all leagues that had teams that had Barclay made the finals. At least I did see some kind of ESPN stat. But, but that's Barclay. I know you're talking quarterbacks there. You're gonna bid for how much will you bid? So I know now on bur I I need Burrow. Well I'm gonna happy figure I got him back. I can see you, you Joe. I know four more years. Joe. I asked Craig Beck from the, from The Ringer Fantasy Show about like, who were the guys you had to have this year that seemed to be around the most titles. And he said the guys that tripled your odds in making the finals were JJ Jefferson Chase, Aman Ross, St.


Brown, Saquon Gibbs, Lamar, James Connor and Brock Bowers, who was wasted on my shitty team in our other league. Oh. Just like whatever you paid for them or wherever you drafted them, whatever the return was, was way higher than what you got. But Brock Bowers was a good example. Like if you had him like you, he's gonna be the number one tight end next year. Speaking of forget that I'm looking for him for, well they don't have him, but he should maybe win MVPI mean that junk squad of quarterbacks have been thrown to him. He's sending records. He's made eight O'Connell look like a possible keeper. That's crazy. They don't need a qb. Yeah. Oh that's it. That's a good pivot. The giants.


So we have the Raiders who win two games in a row and completely knock themselves out of a possible Sanders or cam word. I gotta say I didn't like Cam word leaving the bowl game at halftime. No, no, I didn't like that. Nobody's gonna care. Nobody's no team care about that, didn't it? I just don't think Drake may would've done that in North Carolina. I think he would've stayed. I think we would've played both halves, I think. Alright. But no, the Giants, the team was gonna care. But go ahead. Yeah, we had the Drew Lock game today. You could feel it immediately. The cults were in a coma. I don't know what happened on them. This murdered, I think 80% of the teases and parlays that people made today. Because they'd already, well it had to like, they made all their bets that they'd already won.


It's like, what do I do on Sunday? Yeah. Ah, all right. I'll throw the Colts in something. And the Giants are my win. So now the Giants are four, pats are one, Tennessee's two, Cleveland's three. And most important the Pats are one. I was going nuts. I was going nuts. Going nuts. Nuts. Why? I was going nuts. Whatcha gonna do with it? We're gonna trade down. We're gonna hit a fucking hall. I wanna make that Carolina Bears trade. Let's do that. Let's get like move back seven spots. Get somebody else's first. Get a player, get a second. Like let's, let's fucking cash that thing in. Yeah. I'm so excited. Alright. I mean it's not like great if you're passing, you have your quarterback or you well you're not out on May. Right. You, you have your quarterback I love.


So now you're gonna trade it and you're gonna get, you'll get something. I don't know. I, I feel like I, I say good for the giants. I really do. Like I don't, I don't love the tanking talk. I think it's a bad word. It should only be used for the NBA. This is one of the reasons, many reasons the NF L's infinitely better. But like, you know, half these guys are playing hard because they don't know if they're gonna be on the team next year. Like Monique Nabors is the only one safe. And Drew Locke gave him probably his best game of the year so far. Right. So good for the Giants earn your paycheck. I know it's easy to burn down the fledgling local tavern and collect on the insurance, but guys out there trying, I'd go for that every time Counter.


This giant season was so depressing that it was kind of hilarious that it was like, all right, we're a top, we're the number one one pick. Yeah. Just two more games and then all of a sudden they have a fun three hours and completely ruin it. But you're right, this is the difference in football and basketball is you can't really tank when in a sport with like non-guaranteed contracts where they change half the roster every year just, well I'm not saying like the, the GMs is front office and the players are on a different wavelength I think. Right? Like it's not like that in any other sport. Yeah. And I think it's because of what I said like half these guys aren't gonna be giants next year. So they're just like trying to put together, you know, you think Tracy Junior is definitely gonna be resigned by the Giants?


Like no, I'm gonna try their asses off. If the Pats beat the bills next week, I'm gonna lose my mind. I just want you to know right now they better, first of all, gon, Gonzalez has a concussion so don't play him. He is the best defensive player. Like put him on the side. I would not play. Drake may sit him down for week 18 play Joe Milton the third string guy. Like they have to lose this Buffalo game. And if you're Buffalo, I would, I would want the Pats to beat us. I don't want that. They're in our division. I wouldn't want the Pats to have the number one pick and trade back and get Mike Variable as the coach. This was a huge week for Pats manzo because there's real momentum now for like, Hey, maybe we need an actual coach in a gm.


Well, he's gone. He's getting worse. Coach will be gone. Yeah. Getting worse in every part of football over the course of four months. Maybe that was a bad sign. Maybe that we fucked up the draft and free agency and did basically everything wrong. Maybe all that was a bad sign. Agree. And that we hit the ladder of this Drake May guy. I just don't like the losing and going crazy for the one pick. And it just, it it's stinking thinking Simmons is what it, it's no, I feel dirty, but I'm gonna do it anyway. Speaking of dirty the Colts, four straight years of absolutely horrible indef defensible end of the year losses or choke jobs or like even last year where they had a chance to make the playoffs and they blow it on the fort down. They had that 2021 they lost to Jacksonville when Jim Rses is like, yeah, Carson went off the team.


Right. I don't ever wanna see him again. So it was four straight years of that. I think Shane Steichen's a secret might get fired after the year guy. Interesting. I have no inside info. I just think that teams look pretty ratchet the whole year. Like I don't, I don't think they're well coached. I think they've underachieved and, and he's, we always have that one surprise firing after week 18. I, he would be my leading suspect. Did he, did he get an extension? I mean 'cause that's the key. That's that's the tell tell all that. He's gonna get fired if he got an extension. Don't think, sot he's only in a two year. He's in year two, right? He was a first year coach last year. Yeah, I guess you're right. Yeah. This is the second I'm, I'm thinking of someone else.


Yeah. It might be the case that there just aren't enough new good coaches out there. He might have been on the bubble and, and saved himself, but Yeah, you're right. They're pitiful. It's absolutely ludicrous that Mike Vrabel wouldn't be getting hoed by like five teams. Right. Mike Vrabel, I think in 21, he went 12 and five with this banged up Tennessee team. Ryan, Tana Hill, who I don't think ever started a full season again as a quarterback, AJ Brown who got traded after the year. I, I just always felt like that team was supremely, extraordinarily well coached. They always overachieved. I never, never really understood how they were doing it.


And I don't understand, like if you're the Jets, the Bears, people are like, the Bears need an offensive coach. The Bears need a coach. It doesn't have to be an offensive coach. Just somebody that will give them some sort of culture, which is what the pass he is number one. I mean, I, I think he gets to pick a spot. So if you are him, where do, where do you go? Like where do you, I mean, he could probably coach at UNC now and steal that job from Belichick if he wants. My dream would be he was in the Patriots Hall of Fame. Yeah. And you think, like you got Drake may, you have all this calf space and you have the number one pick. Like that seems like the best job. I don't know. You go to the Bears and your ownerships of complete mess and you're doing everything wrong and you've built this team that's, you know, this run and gun team to play in Chicago in 10 degree weather.


I don know. I wouldn't want that job. I, the Jets job's mildly intriguing. They do have a lot of talent. I just said some, a Wooded Johnson thing. I'm not sure I'd wanna work for him. Yeah, that's a thing. Well, they asked who would you want? Well, if, if I'm him. I, I, I think you stay outta the NFC North. That's a disaster when you have 13 win teams making the It's a great point. Wild. Yeah. Why do you wanna be in Detroit and Minnesota Green Bay and battle those teams six times a year? It's too long. Yeah. It's too long. So it's not a sexy team. And you, you, you, you can't be happy with Anthony Richardson at this point, but I think you'd stay in any a FC South job that you could get. I mean, the bad divisions are still the bad divisions. Maybe New Orleans, so Jacksonville. Yeah. Somewhere like that.


But, so Matt, couple other short things to add for you. Mac Jones has as many wins this year. Is Trevor Lawrence just pointing that out. I'm 25 and five. You're doing a great job season. Future over unders thanks to the Atlanta loss today. I need a Houston win and an Arizona win next week. And I would go 27 and five. Wow. Which we always, we have all these media accounts where everybody shits on anyone with a podcast or a column or a feature or whatever. And it's like this cottage industry, there's no like, benevolent version of it where it's like, Hey, this person did a really good job. Hey Cousin Sal is 13 and two on. Why is this wagers?


Good luck, Tim. This week we need like, happy version of, of those terrible media accounts. I'm with you. So get, get The Ringer people to plug it, you know, just at 25 and five over unders. Put that on some fucking tweets somewhere. Make a fricking billboard outside your house. You got mine. Do it. It's fun. 25 and five. We did great on the, on the other futures, right? Yeah. You you beat me in that. Yeah. I had two locks. I had Carolina under New England, under three in Green Bay over all those hits. So maybe we should tell people what to stay away from because we, we, I mean we hit the mother load if the lions get the one seat and I, I specifically do. Wow. 'cause I got 26 to one on chiefs lions one seat. And so we Amazing again after how many years? Still don't know how to hedge this.


We got five to one odds. Right? When we get, when we get the lines. Let's talk about the hedge for that. Okay. You got it. Go. Dorian Thompson Robinson threw a pick today. No touchdown. Hmm. Career one touchdown 10 picks. I was like, I wonder who else has done that? I wonder what other president, NB in NFL history have one touchdown or less than 10 interceptions or more. So you have that stat head on, right. Pro football reference. So I went up How many other people do you think have done that history? Three. History of football. Five. Five. Nobody since anyone know, since nobody in the last 40 years.


We had Stan Heath one touchdown, 14 interceptions, Len Barnum. Oh, for 10 mm. Randy Hedberg in 1977. Oh, for 10. It's like an accounting firm. Who are these people? Wayne Clark. Zero touchdowns, 14 picks in the early part of the seventies. Nice. And then Rusty Li Mm. One touchdown. 11 picks. So he's done, something's done in four years. Like back name that, I mean Rusty de you deserve what you get if you're drafting a Rusty Lish. I mean that's not, that's not cool. Collinsworth would have trouble with that one. Oh, rusty, rusty Lish. Her passion rush, passion rushes. Yeah, yeah, yeah. The DTR did. He didn't seem, did he seem right to you?


I felt like something was awful. No, he seemed hurt and and I don't think I'm making a joke. That's what we say about good, the good quarterbacks like are we gonna find out he was injured? No, I think he, I think he actually was hurt. Well he's not good, but he was hurt. Yeah. One interception had one fumble, he had three intentional ground, three intentional groundings. And at 20 QBR and plus whatever you're saying. Yeah. They wa now that's a team that is tanking. They wanna get a top three pick. They have a chance to get one or two if one of those teams, if Tennessee or the Pats. So they're like, we're not playing Jamis again. Jamis is too unreliable. He might actually win this game. He might actually beat Miami. We can't play him.


Last thing I don what their plan is. I mean they're gonna, they and basically announced this week they're gonna keep Watson for two more years. I mean that deal just gets a worse and worse. Last thing before guest Lyons Greg Gumbo passed away and they were talking about him and all the games the last couple days. I was really bummed out. Yeah. I feel like, you know, especially people who grew up with the eighties ESPN and he was one of the five or six people. Right? It was, it was him. It was Gail Gardner. It was Chris Berman. It was Tom Lee. Like we had, it was the same six people for an entire decade. And then he went on, he kind of graduated, did all this stuff. He became a studio host. He did an original WFAN guy too in New York.


Right. Going way back and then has a really important, he did the Tuck World game. A k the snow game for Bats fans that one game. But Game and Fox Beloved guy by all accounts. And it feels like he's been in our lives ever since We like sports. I was bumed and, and yet like a dozen years older than I I would've thought like 78. Right? Yeah. I mean I know he, he helped him. He, he looked young and, but yeah man, I, I would get very excited. I'm a big selection Sunday guy. I write it down even though they have the bracket right on the TV and when, you know, the Duke Blue Devils are the number one seed in the east region. Right. Just like something cool and you could rely on and Yeah. He'll be missed. Another great voice gone passed through a lot of great sports and sports moments.


I was thinking about that whole es pan crew in the eighties. That was like our lifeline to all this highlights and information back then. Yeah. Right. And you had these people and, And it was like the same way, like the local news anchors mean the most in your dad's house in the seventies we had these 6, 7, 8 people that were just the people we found out what happened. And you really felt like you had relationships with all of them. You know, Berman was like the funny one. Tom Lee was the serious one. And Bob Bob Lee. Yeah. Was he, he was like the professor and then Charlie Steiner showed it And it is just like, I don dunno, gumbo was in those and when he graduated outta that it was like, whoa.


Somebody hired one of Thes PN guys. It felt like. Right. Like we all kind of made it. Anyway. All right. Guess Alliance Week 18. Let's do, we're gonna go in order of, do you have the, do you care what the, so You know what the Saturdays are, right? Yeah. I didn't do it that way though. I'm just gonna follow the schedule I had because the biggest game, the NFC won seed on the line. That's all we need to, that's gonna be Sunday night, right? That's Sunday night. How can that not be? I mean it's, they saved it. I mean honestly, if the Vikings lose that game, I'm not sure what what NBC does and the league does with that game. I think they maybe have to stop with the, everyone plays the division the last week.


I think maybe just go with like the preseason, the playoffs from last year and try to mix 'em up and try to get lucky. Because now we see that like only one out of eight divisions or or two in, in the, in the a FC Nors case barely matter. But most of these are settled by week 18. I called Tom Tom Meads Tom Lee by the way. Yeah, it's, yeah. It's, it's good. I didn't mean to rest in peace. Peace Lions, Vikings. It's in Detroit. I'm giving this the Tic-Tac so Hmm.


Lions minus one and a half against Minnesota for the one seed. I think this is a dead even game. You could even talk me in a Minnesota being favored in this. But I, I don't think it'll start that way. So I'm going Lions minus one and a half. All right. I got, I have to now adjust 'cause some of these have moved. I said minus three, it's minus two and a half for the Detroit Lions. Interesting. I get that. And I'm telling you right now, I might get two more and that's it. We almost shouldn't count this week mu much. Like they don't count week 18 in fantasy. I almost think we shouldn't count this for guests in lines. And I'm not just saying that 'cause I'm off by four Points every game.


Detroit does not need to beat San Francisco tomorrow. Right. The game somehow doesn't matter. Even though week 18 matters the most, which is just weird. Koi was a little, little, he threw me a little bit. I feel like he made it like they did need that this game did matter and then like, no, no, 49 ERs doesn't, doesn't matter at all. 100% does not matter. Dan Campbell's doing the whole, we're playing anyone anyway. But I I think that would be crazy to do that, but sure. Week six, Detroit won 31, 29. Yep. Somehow we had three, two point games that the Vikings were involved with against the Lions and, and Green Bay, which is just weird.


Right, right. That's where the Tic-Tac comes into play. The one and a half. Mm. Gotta get it the right way. NFC South on the line. Not really. Falcons win, they get the four seed. They're playing the Panthers in Atlanta. I'm sorry the, yeah, I screwed this up. Fal, Tampa wins. They get the four seed, right? Right. Yes. Tampa's up a game. They lose a tiebreaker if they lose a game. So Tampa wins, they get it. Tampa loses, Atlanta wins.


Atlanta gets it 'cause they beat Tampa Bay twice. Tampa is home for the Saints who stink and Tampa's offense is really good. And as we discussed earlier, baker Mayfield Fantasy. MVP. Yeah. At least one of them. I have the bucks minus 10 and a half. Oh, I'm gonna beat you here. I had 11 and a half. It's 13 and a half. Wow. Think about that. We we're gonna have to, we're gonna have to do. So something here, can you imagine if I told you in mid-August week 18, the Bucks are gonna be favored by 13 and a half against the Saints? What would you have thought happened?


I would've thought the Saints named Spencer Rattler their starter. I would've start there. There as the Clogger as their coach. Yeah. God, they're so bad. This, this would've been so much more fun if Atlanta won today because we would've had all kinds of scenarios Washington had to win. Sure. There was all different tiebreaker shit. Right. We won our NFC South be by the way. So kudos to us. All good with the under. Nice. Yeah, because they, they can only have two more. Two more. Yeah. The highest that, that it could get to 28. So we made it by two. It wasn't even scary. When was it at Scariest? I'm trying to think. I guess when New Orleans beat up on Dallas and Carolina a week ago was like two a week ago. Well, Carolina started upsetting people and it was like, holy shit.


Like if Carolina won today in Atlanta, I guess Carolina was playing a NFC South. Yeah, they're still, yeah. But if Atlanta had won, yeah. It, it got a little closer than I wanted Falcons against the Panthers. I have Falcons. This is in Atlanta. I have Falcons by seven and a half against the Panthers. Oh, you got it. Exactly. I had eight, but it's not gonna matter. Teaser. Well, I I I just worry that Baker does like he did today and has like 40 points up there and Atlanta calls off the dogs. You know what I mean? They're playing the same time obviously.


Right. Yeah. I'm gonna put the Washington game in this category too. No, I can't do that now. 'cause they lost. I need to put them in a different category. Hold on. Doing this on the fly here. Okay. Put them later. The problem with this is, and I'm gonna show my hand here, is a lot of these lines don't reflect when Thursday the coach says we're sitting everybody and then the lines fly another five points. So I know, just be careful. Everyone NFC West on the line, sort of the Rams are minus two and a half against the Seahawks. Oh no, that was my guess. I screwed that up. The game is in c in LA and I have the Rams minus two and a half over the Seahawks.


I should have let you guess first I had Seattle buy one and it's Seattle by two and a half. The Rams are in right? The Rams are in, they're not necessarily a hundred percent in yet. No. They need like one more team to win. Like 12 things had to happen. No, I'm gonna go through it. It's, it's, it's crazy what needs to happen for Seattle to win for this game to matter. They need, oh no, they're out. You're right. 'cause they needed Atlanta to beat Washington. Yeah. Was I think that was the last one. Yeah. Oh man. See this doesn't matter. I'm keeping, I don't care. I'm I'm, I'm taking that win. Yeah. Take it. Go see who else we got. I did all the work for Washington winning and then when Atlanta came back, I changed all the work and then changed all the time.


I know Raheem screwed everything up. I was so excited to go through all the things that needed to happen in week 18 for Seattle. It's like two things because Yeah, it was actually pretty conceivable they needed Arizona to beat San Francisco. Denver to beat kc. Yeah. Atlanta to beat Carolina. All three of those things could happen. Yeah. Miami to beat the Jets. Still conceivable Chicago to beat Green Bay. Not playing for anything. Not inconceivable Chargers. Vegas, Tampa, beats New Orleans. The Saints or something. Yeah. Tampa. No, the, the weird one was the Pats would've had to be Buffalo. That's where the wheels kind of got That's gonna happen. Get ready. Yeah. All right. Playoff spot on the line. Three teams, one spot Broncos against the Chiefs.


It's in Denver. Wow. I did Broncos minus seven and a half. You, you know, I said four and a half And it was seven and a half. It went to eight and a half. So you get it. Wow. Man, that's high. I mean, I mean I guess if Carson Wentz just plays with all second string, like the whole first string sits, then it's gonna be tough. But that's a lot of points with Denver. It's a lot. I don't know. I'd like, I like, I kind of like the chiefs of that game. Yeah. I like the Chiefs that I, I don't know if I mind the Chief's money line either. I could see them being like, fuck it, we're not playing for two weeks after this.


We'll play Carson wi let's run all our stuff. I don know about the game because Denver's not that good. How many favorites have Fandel and Vegas gotten walloped on in the last year? I don dunno. Four months Colt's today there's a team. There's a team that's gonna blow it for everybody. There's a team. Could be them. Dolphins are home for the Jets. I'm sorry Jets. Jets are home for the Dolphins. But dolphins need a win and they need a Denver loss and two of 'em might not play. Stu Ley was like passable today and people were excited about it.


Yeah. I don't see how this can be less than Dolphins by four and a half. All right. I got it. Exactly. It's two and a half. Wow. But I was getting a headache thinking of these. I really were. It's who in the God's name would bet the Jets. Well now if they had tie Rod Taylor, I might bet that might be a chance. That's fight spite game Snoop against Taylor. I love it. By the teammates. Yeah. Steelers. Bengals in Pittsburgh. Since he needs a win plus Denver, Miami losses.


Pittsburgh gets the three seed with a win and a Baltimore loss. Pittsburgh could drop to six if they lose. And the Chargers win. I did Steelers minus one and a half. Wow. I did sense. Minus three and it's sensei minus two and a half. What? Yep. That's honestly, that's stupid. I'm gonna bet the Steelers, I'm just telling. No, don't bet the Steelers, I'm a hundred percent they're not Bet the Steelers, they're the Bengal aren't good. The Bengals are eight and eight. Listen, you, you curse the Steelers three weeks ago when you I didn't curse. You named them. You named them the best team. You cursed the Steelers and you cursed Drake.


May I cursed everybody else in the league, but you cursed the Steelers in Drake. May I said three weeks. I said what, four weeks ago. I said I thought the Steelers were playing the best of anyone in the a Ffc. Pickens immediately got hurt. That bunch of their guys on defense got hurt and Russell Wilson turned into Denver. Russell Wilson. Yeah. Like I, my words were hanging in the the air. And all of a sudden you go the other way though. And you could say they just played three really tough teams at 11 days. And maybe they're still pretty good. Pickens played last week. Well on Christmas. They, it didn't matter. Russell Wilson. The the defense is just average right now for whatever reason. And if you know, defense hasn't been good for like a month.


If Hustle and Bustle isn't playing out of his mind, it might as well be anyone. The Steelers team. Steelers are home dogs and they need the game and playing a team that doesn't have a good defense and has a pretty shaky coach. Let's be honest. I know he made a Super Bowl. I don't think they start anyone. Honestly. I don't think they care. I don't think I don think Tom the kind of guy they don't got two or three. Yeah, I think he's like, give us, give us the Ravens again. It's fine because they play at the same time. The Ravens are gonna be up 30 to nothing on the Browns. And that'll be, oh no, they play the same day but later in that day. Would you rather play the Ravens or the Bills? The Steelers?


I think The Ravens. Isn't that always like a 18, 16 game? For the most part. Yeah. And they've beaten them a few times. Yeah, they beat 'em earlier this year. They'll figure it out. Still lose. But a FC seeding kind of, sort of on the line chargers at the Raiders. Raiders are red hot Chargers. Could get the five seed with a winner. Pittsburgh loss. What a stupid team. I have the Chargers favored by eight. I gotta find this now. I had seven. Let's see where it is. I gotta find it. 'cause they're all moving around five and a half, so I get it. Wow. Vegas owned us.


That you gonna beat me this week? That it feels like you're gonna beat that. This is crazy. I mean, I have some bad ones coming up. I always suck in week 18. My fans were prepared for I I I take it easy, like the Chiefs, we could do this Jacoby hang in there. Ravens are home against the Browns. They get the three seed with a win. Cleveland Clinches the top three pick with a loss. You can kind of guess where this game's going. I'm going Ravens by 13 and a half. Okay. I said 15, 17 and a half. Wow. It's the biggest of the year, right? Geez. I mean I can't even put that of 13 point tees. What am I gonna do that line?


You can, you can. That's fine. The brown, like you said, the Browns aren't gonna Put up a, a fight. NFC succeed on the line. Technically Washington is has the edge right now they're at Dallas and the Packers are home for the Bears. Washington. I have minus three and a half over your cowboys. Oh, son, you got it. Exactly. I thought it would be five. It's three. I had a small bet on the Cowboys with the over in that game tease. Ugh.


Cooper Rush was awful. I mean, your team was awful, but Cooper Rush, like why didn't they, why don't they, they just don't wanna see what trade Lance what's there. They a given up on him. I think it's an absolute mystery. I think maybe they wanna trade him and they don't wanna show how bad he is kind of thing, you know. Oh, interesting. That like they don't hiding enough hiding. They don't have enough makeup. But did you see what the fans did to Jerry Jones today? I'll, I'll send you that clip. Like, I don't know why he ever goes to Philly, but the fans within the earshot, they're like, keep doing what you're doing Jerry. You're doing great. You're doing great for the organization. And he's like, like, oh no. Yeah, man, they're like sarcastic praising him. Oh yeah. And he's, I don't know if he gets it or not, but he is like, I try not to disappoint and he is like, oh my God, just get out.


Why are you ever going there? He's old owners. I mean, how old is Jerry? Like he's in his eighties now, right? He's there, I think. Yep. Like we have Bob Kraft is 83. That's what that's part of what like with the Pats. Like I just feel like these guys are old. How many years left do they have? Like why do they wanna mess around? Like he, we have the wrong coach on the wrong gm. Just like five. Wanna lose be 84 next year. I no other one for the Succeed. Packers Bears The Bears coming off, I think probably the worst televised national TV game of the year. The Seahawks Bears game. Just at a complete atrocity.


Packers can lock down the succeed and I'm gonna say Packers by 11 and a half. Yeah, you get it. I was way, see this is one of the ones I was way off on. I said seven and a half. It's 10. Hmm. But again, this is, this is another one. Like Jordan Love can Rest or he could play this game and, and stay at the six. What's the score? I don know. 1, 2, 3, 4, 2, 3, 6 to four me. Yeah, we might still get this. I think you're gonna get it. Bunch of garbage coming up.


We only have five games left. Yeah. All right, so we, all right. Next category is top three draft. Pick on the line. The bills are at the Patriots. The Pats clenched the first pick with a loss. Buffalo has clenched everything already. And yet I think Buffalo is still gonna be favored by five and a half. Even with Mitch Trubisky. I don, I went higher than that. It's amazing that you're gonna win this and be off by so much. I want Bills by six. It's bills by one and a half. Wow. So you get it. Mitch Trubisky, this has gotta make you nervous.


Miss one and a half in the game that you think for sure you're laying down in, in. I'm, I don't know for sure. I don we don't have a smart franchise. I don know what to expect. Well, one and a half. Well, I mean, you and I thought five and six, we ran a play. I mean, the Chargers game was one of the lowest moments in recent Pats history and brought me back to, you know, the mid seventies when before, before things turned around. Brought me back to like the late eighties. It was, there was a play though. First of all, it looked like Drake may got, could concuss like five minutes into the game. And then he came back. Then Gonzalez got concussed. But there was a play when Drake may, he turned and it was like pitch.


Yeah. Douglas was coming around on reverse And it seemed like he was pitching to the running back. Yeah. But he was pitching it to the wide receiver instead. But the wide receiver wasn't there yet. Yeah. And the ball, you think he he was pitching though? Because I was wondering for not like, I'm not being, I thought it was a play of the wide receiver. Interesting. All right. I feel like it was just like whoever's there, just take it. I think Douglas started, started going in motion too late. And it was supposed to be turned flipped to wide receiver, but he was three feet back and that was awful. I mean, it was an awful game. The crowd was booing. It was really depressing. Yeah, man. Eagles, I mean, I don't know you, you love, I mean he, he's, he has three wins.


Like you could be excited about him, but he's, he's been just bad enough that you're in the spot to get the number one pick. So something I I love Drake, man. The, the only thing that makes me worried is when he starts doing things like tiptoeing down the sidelines, spinning into like a guy going 30 miles an hour. It's like, please don't get hit anymore. Drink me Eagles. Giants in Philly. Giants clinch a top four pick with a loss. Maybe even a little bit better. Philly, nothing to play for. I'm gonna say Eagles by nine. Oh, all right. I get this. I said five and a half. It's three and a half. Yeah. See, I'm always bad in week 18. Look out for the Giants.


8, 2, 5. And how many left? 1, 2, 3 games left. Okay, good. You gotta sweep them. You could do this. You could pull it off. Texans are at Tennessee. Tennessee. Clinches the second pick in the draft of the loss. I the text, did they not cover again? I honestly don't know. Did did Jaguars win that game? They won by seven and they covered, yeah. So they're like two and 14 now. Yeah, two and 14 against the spread. Beautiful. Great job. I have Texans by three and a half at Tennessee. All right. I had Texans by one and a half. And it is, lemme see. 'cause these things change. I love how you have to check because I'm, I do have to check.


See, all these have changed Tennessee by four and a half. Tennessee by four and a half Tennessee by four and a half. So I get that. Over Tennessee. Over Houston by four and a half. Yeah. See this is a, this is why this week shouldn't count. We are gonna count it. Damn right. We're gonna count it, but it shouldn't count. What in the hell? Why would Tennessee wanna win this game? Right? They don't have a quarterback. They, their quarterbacks are Will Levi and Mason Rudolph, there's two quarterbacks in the draft. Why would they wanna win the game? They're back in the draft. They're gonna, everyone right? The Texans are gonna sit everyone, they're gonna be calling guys off the street. Why Wouldn? Why wouldn't Titans do that? Like Houston barbecues and stuff.


I don dunno. Two more games. These are in the category. Absolutely irrelevant. Colt's home for the Jaguars. I did Colts minus seven and a half. You're gonna get it. It's five and a half. What did you guess? I said two. And this is what means. And then Cardinals at home for the 49 ERs. I need this one for, for my over unders. I need Houston to win with their underdogs. And I need the Cardinals to win. And I could go 27 and five with my NFL over unders, which pretty good. Which delight me to no End Cardinals. I'm gonna guess minus three and a half. I said Cardinals by two and the Niners are favored by one and a half.


So I get that. What, what a win for me, but be favored. Wow. What a great week. You, you win this every year. You win week 18. Only win, I swear. Where you've won for like 11 straight years. All right, so now going into the playoffs, it's nine from winning by one. Yeah. Nine to eight to one at one tie. Yeah. Wow. That's the closest you've been in a while. Very exciting. Well, You know what I do in the playoffs. I just completely crapped a bed. So. So who do you, have you thought about that Minnesota trade game yet? Well we have, we have too much. We're too interested in actually trying to figure out who wins. We have to hedge. We have to hedge. We have to hedge. We have sign significant. We have five to one and we may not have the better team on Detroit. Yeah. And plus we have a little, we, I mean Detroit can win by two.


You talked about all the games. The Vikings are in the one by two. We could take the points there. We should probably do it now. I'm really proud of us. I like it. It's a great bet. Yeah, we did. We did it. I did more when I was in Boston on FanDuel, just making weird FanDuel bets. That was one of 'em. Had some looses though on the old fan. I had some flyers on Houston to be the one seed. I had a green bay to be the one seat flyer. Ah, the teams, the, so the five over unders I got wrong. The two that I got wrong, the worst other than the Jets was Minnesota was one of them.


I had the under six and a half for them. And then we both had Jacksonville over, I think that was like what, seven and a half, eight, something like that. Yeah. I thought they went into division. Yep. And they were awful. Yep. And the Jets, those were the three that I was the most off on Jets. Jet Tampa didn't hit right. Yeah. You just feel like some of these teams are gonna hit a wall. I, I'm stupid. I passed like I had the Browns over, I had the Raiders over all these dumb dumb ass teams that don't even try. But what did you think of this whole gauntlet we just went through with football? Because I, I actually got conditioned to it by today. Just with all the games we had. Two Wednesday, one Thursday, three Saturday.


Yeah. And then a bunch today. And it was nice 'cause there was only two late games today. I kind of liked it. I did a little power walk. Really had the game on my phone. I just had the, I just had Brady and Burkhart just walking around LA watching on my phone. Well you could do that with the two in the late afternoon. Well, 'cause I didn't Miami Cleveland, I was like, I don't care. I'm out. Yeah, who cares. But we had six games before Sunday. I think it's a little too many. I don't think you need a Thursday night game. If there were two Totally agree Christmas games I went right. Yeah. And maybe you don't need three on Saturday because honestly it ended up being okay. But we had Rattler O'Connell, Rudolph Mack, rush Pickett, FLAC O Lock. Those were four of the six games. Like Aaron Rogers was going into the morning games, you know, early afternoon.


He was like the third best quarterback going into them, right? Yeah. Like it was like Baker and, and obviously Josh Allen and then like Aaron Rogers was third so I don't know. Well it led to a funny Ringer Sunday pregame show where the half the games were games nobody would've wanted to bet on in a million years. And you just kind of had to come up with stuff. Alright, you wanna do Parent Corner? Yeah, let's do it. Go ahead. How's this go again? We say terrible things about our kids. Yeah. Now You know what I'm gonna say? I'm gonna say a good thing. It's like the last one of the year, right. And we usually trashing on 'em. But I'm proud of my kids for all different reasons. Everyone's home. Right? You have Zoe's home from school, Archie's home from school.


They each did something that made me proud this week. Archie for instance, the oldest took his younger brothers out for a family pro portrait and they all wore like ties and buttoned down shirts and they went to Sears or wherever the hell you go now. And they paid for it and they got, he got like wallet sizes for his grandparents and all different options. It was like a real, the three kids. Yeah. And they're like all different fun poses like a real Brady Bunch moment. I mean he made his mother cry like, which is a big plus. Well I didn't different from the way I make her cry, you know, it's older. Yeah. Make it, make it Melissa cry is not achievement. That's true. So it's good that he made her cry happily. Exactly. He has a different kind of tears.


Middle guy Jack made an audio clip of our friend Brad screaming and he plays it on a loop and it has driven everyone nuts. So I'm proud of him for that. Like he replaced, he replaced Mariah Carey's song on the Spotify Top a hundred. So good job by you Jack and perhaps the winner. Yeah, my little one, Harrison, we went to Florida for a couple days. We had a a visit. Melissa's father, when you go, you go through TSA and the grownups have TSA check and the grownups show their id. And then the little guys, what they sneak do is in a very stern way, they ask what is your full name? And you have to say it. Yeah. Like they'll point to the kid, you know, and he is put on the spot.


Yeah. And I swear, Harrison, without meeting a beat, a beating, a missing a beat. How's it go without missing a beat? The guy says, what is your full name? And he says in a very as deep a voice as an 11-year-old could do. He says, creed, Humphrey, Alabama. And I was like, you're my fucking guy. I love it. That's the best. Now it sidelined us for a couple minutes and Melissa was not happy at all. And the guy is not a football fan as you can imagine. Yeah. He's like, I need your real name right now. He's like, it's Harrison. It's Harrison, it's Harrison Icono. That's my name. So we got through it, but I was like, that's Humphrey came up with Free Humphrey. I don dunno. It might be something he and his friends say because you know, it's like the Monday night football thing, but good job by the three of them.


Wow. So what, how many, how many times for tears for Melissa in 2024? Do we have a final count? Is it on wife reference.com a lot? Man, it's, it's, it's the age. I don't know You're going through it too. No more tantrums. Oh tantrums. Oh, I wouldn't mind the tantrum every now and then. Well, it's, it's, you know, the, the Zoe and, and my wife. Yeah, that's right. Just being in the same house. It's great. Yeah. Right. Wow. It's, yeah, it's like packed. I mean there's a lot of tears since this Brad recording has gone viral in the house. But other than that, can you put the Brad recording like on Instagram or something? I think I will. I think I will.


It's pretty good. It's gonna be a little outta context for people don't know him, but it's good. Good. My parent corner. So I had, I had Zoe on the last 40 minutes of my podcast on Thursday. Yeah. And she did her teen culture awards for the last time because she turns 20. Both of our kids turned 20 next year and they're not teenagers anymore. Have you really thought about that? No, I haven't. Shit. Is that true? Come on. You're still a teen at 20 now? No, you are 100% not a teen. I dunno what you are. It's not 20. No twenties. Twenties. That limbo year before you turn 21 where you're just kind of like, ah, I'm not a teenager anymore, but I can't legally drink either. What am I? Oh man. So anyway, we went to the Clipper game on Friday.


We saw the Clippers against the Warriors, you know, she wanted to see Steph Curry. It was great. And then Friday morning, Steph Curry's not playing tonight. Jeez. The NBA. Just, it's like, I wonder what's wrong with the league? Well it's 'cause shit like this. 'cause Steph Curry's in town and then he is not playing. Right. And you know, we don't need to litigate that for the a hundred time, but it's just kind of funny. And she, it's funny with your kids to go through the stages of the stuff that we've all like kind of litigated as sports fans for years and years where she's like, I don't understand. I thought we were seeing Steph Curry. Why isn't he playing? Like, how hurt is he? And go. And it was like, wow, they're playing Phoenix tomorrow night. They played on Christmas. Yeah. But still I don't, but he should play.


I love it. You deserve this. All these people are coming. All, all these people are coming to the arena to see Steph Curry and he's not gonna be there. What if he got it for a Christmas guy? I'm like, eh, this had a conversation for 10 years. This is one of the many reasons why this schedule should be 60 games. So Steph Curry would actually play in all the arenas. Right. Anyway. He wouldn't, but you're right. Yeah, I know what you're saying. Yeah. So I really love the Clippers arena. They did a great job. Yeah. And my daughter had a great time. And the places they really did it, they figured out how to create this arena where the, they have good fans. It's loud. You feel like you're on top of the court. The fans feel like they're affecting the game. There's like real energy games going on in between and everything. Yeah, it's, yeah, it's fun. It's, it's just cool.


And when you go to get like a drink or food or anything, there's no TVs anywhere. Swipe it. He, he wants people in, in the stadium. So anyway, third quarter time out and Zoe runs off to get a candy and the guy behind me taps my shoulders. He is like, Hey, anyone ever tell you you look like Bill Simmons? And he starts laughing And it iss like, Hey, how are you? He is, I'm a fan of the pod. It's like, I didn't wanna say, is Sari? No. Oh, it could've been. Oh, that would've been exciting. So he goes, I didn't wanna say anything until your, your wife went, but when your wife went to the bathroom. And I was like, that's not my wife, that's my daughter. She's 19. And I, I was just completely the rest of the game.


First time somebody has thought, my daughter was my wife, so I really wanted to kill myself. That's all right. Let's think about this. Yeah, that's a, that's a huge compliment for you, right? I I think there is no compliment to be taken from any aspect of this. It was, it was a dark moment. And it, well, if she, if he had a grand, if he had a granddaughter, that would've sucked. Right. Granddaughter would've been tough. Okay, so your granddaughter would've been really hard. Wife is not as bad. Not as bad. Wow. And did you tell trying this? Of course. Yeah. I was thinking girlfriend would've been even more logical. Wife is like, what, what is this like, like a child bride, like when she turned 18 that her family Yeah.


Can commit to this. Not soon to be 19 right now. Wow. Oh that's good. I could see, I could see Z looking like she's like 22, 23 to somebody. But not, but just like, I'm old. I don't know. It threw me out. But you're in LA also, you're, it's not inconceivable. Well that's a Right, it's an, it's indictment of la. Right. If you had a thunder game in Oklahoma City, like they, they would've gotten it right. I think, you know. Yeah, you're probably right. Good for you. Congratulations. Was she not a good, did she laugh? Did she laugh about it? She was horrified. Just flat out, flat out horrified. Anyway, thanks to that guy. What did he say?


Did he apologize or did you just No, he is like, oh. Oh my bad, my bad. He did one of those. Nice guy. But yeah. Anyway, that's it for Parent Corner. What, what else do we have to hit? What do you wanna plug? What do we got against the odds? We'll be the fellas and I will be doing the college football picks Monday night for the Tuesday and Wednesday games. It's fun. Four big playoff games. And The Ringer. What's your favorite playoff Sunday? You know what, I'm taking Boise to upset Penn State. I think that's it. I think that like the running back, I like John Day. I think there's gonna be a fu moment for the committee who has been told they've screwed this up. And goddammit, of course they have screwed it up, but I think they're gonna be like, aha.


Told you this is gonna be a good matchup and so at least take the points. I'm excited for it. Casual, casual, foot casual. College football fan bill or likes the playoffs. I like that there's more teams, even though the first round of games suck and Archie's going to the Rose Bowl. 'cause Oregon's playing Ohio State there, so it's nice and convenient. So he's gone. Oh no, he's gone. It's Rose Bowl. It's here. Yeah. Rose Bowl. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Couldn't have worked out better. How so? How long did he stay for the break? He'll, he is here until the day after he leaves the, the second. I don't know. When's Zoe, when does your wife's Zoe go back? My wife Zoe is going to Miami to see the boyfriend.


Oh yeah. On, on the, the like 5th of January, 6th of January. Somewhere in there. Because he's, he's her, she, this is another thing. Her boyfriend's turning 21. Oh really? Okay. Yeah. Interesting. Just we're getting old Sal. I don't know. I don't know how to stop it. I know, I just, I, you know, sir Rudy's one of the Producers, like, he, he's, you know, got this tiny kid her whole life in front of her. She like barely. And meanwhile we went through all these stages And it sucks. It's just sad how fast it goes. I I almost miss my flattest sprint. I, I don't think I've ever run this fast. I've made it one of those things where they're about to close the door. I had a sprint to the, Ooh. And I think I, I think I sprained like both my hamstrings.


I just sat in my seat and, and cried for the five hour flight. He blew out your Achilles. Yeah, I was like, fuck thing. How do he get this back? So, so you didn't have any wrestling tournaments or anything over the break? No, not yet. No. We're good. We're good Till next week. Congrats. All right. That's it for the pod. Thanks to SAR and Kyle and au because Good job by you. Good job by you buddy. Thanks everybody. Be back on Tuesday.


Must be 21 plus in President select states for Kansas and affiliation with Kansas Star Casino or 18 plus in President dc. Gambling problem, call 100 gambler. Visit rg help.com. Call 1 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org/chat in Connecticut. Or visit md gambling help.org in Maryland. Hope is here. Visit gambling helpline ma.org or call 8 3 2 7 50 50 for twenty four seven. Support Massachusetts. Or call 1 8 7 7 8 Hope ny. Or text Hope NY in New York.