
You're listening and watching The Bill Simmons Podcast presented by FanDuel our friends America's number one sports book. And they've made it easier than ever to get in on the action during an NBA playoff game. Even after Tip off, just look for the live SGP tab on the FanDuel sportsbook app and build your own bet slip and sit back, relax, track the outcome of your parlay right in the app. And if You don't already have it, download the FanDuel app today to make every moment more The Ringer is committed to responsible gaming. Please visit rg help.com to learn more about the resources and helplines available. And listen to the end episode for additional details. Must be 21 plus and President Select States Game prom call GAMBLER. Visit RG help com. Coming up, we're talking basketball and we're talking some Celtics. Is it over All? Next.


This episode is brought to you by Uber Eats. Summer is almost here and you can now get almost anything you need for your Sunny Days delivery with Uber Eats. What do we mean by almost? Well, you can't get a well groomed lawn delivered, but you can get chicken Parmesan delivered. A cabana. That's a no. A banana. That's a yes. A nice tan. Sorry. No, but a box fan. Happily yes. A day of sunshine. Nope. A box of fine wines. Yeah, Uber Eats can definitely get you that get almost, almost anything delivered with Uber Eats. Order Now Alcohol and Select Markets. Product availability may vary by Region C App for details.


We're also brought to you by The Ringer Podcast Network. We put up a two-part Star Wars re watchable on Monday. You can watch the whole thing on YouTube, on Ringer movies. Or you can watch this video podcast on Spotify. We're sticking with the seventies all month. I think that's what I've decided. We're doing Death Wish on Monday, which is just an unbelievable movie with Charles Bronson. So that's coming Monday night. You have the whole weekend to watch it. I think it's on Pluto. It's on a couple places. So Death Wish coming on Monday night. The Celtics might have a Death Wish. We're gonna talk about that later with my dad. He was at game one and game two and he gives us his in-person scattering report Coming up first though, big Wise Joe House, we're back.


We haven't had the three of us together on a podcast inside our worst contracts draft, which I sent to the, to the Pulitzer Committee. It didn't get picked, but we're gonna talk about Golden State, Minnesota. We're gonna talk big picture. Denver o KC, Cleveland, Indiana. Game three Celtics Knicks. And that is all next. First. Our friends from Pearl Jam.


Alright, We're recording this a little, little after eight o'clock Pacific time. Big W is here. Joe House was supposed to be here. I think he sprained his MCL house. He got injured somehow. Anytime House is on any other podcast is Zoom works. And then when he is on mine and it's later at night, no Zoom, I'm just gonna assume alcohol. That's, that's where I've landed A lot of martinis with a big guy. I'm not surprised by that. Well he is got a big lottery Coming up with the Wizards on Monday, so. Ah, yes. Yeah. I wanna get your, your thoughts. I'm talking to my dad later about Celtic snakes, but I obviously wanna get your thoughts as well. We stayed up to watch Minnesota Golden State. I don't know what made me think that this might be a good game.


I'll start here. Is Steph actually the non Yoko MVP. When you see what somebody's team looks like when they're not on it, is there a more dramatic Oh God than it's, than Golden State without Steph. It's really crazy because their offense isn't elite when Steph is there. It's like he's propping up a bunch of mediocrity and to see him not be there, Jimmy on half an ass cheek is just pedestrian. That's just what it is. Like it, it's just a pedestrian offense. And Minnesota is one of the best defenses in the league. So I'm not surprised that they kind of grinded their, the dubs offense into Well, They also got the game.


They got the game they needed already. Yes. So that was, this was the gravy game. That's part of it too. Yeah. Which was last night, which tried to get himself kicked out. That also happened, which is a tradition like none other. I texted you in house and again, RIP house apparently couldn't make the pod, but I texted you guys, oh, literally five minutes Before it was five minutes. I, I checked the timestamp. Yeah. 'cause I was like, I wonder what quarters Draymond might, might try to get himself kicked out of this game. And then he did the, the swing the arms thing and Stan Van Gunde, lemme get the exact quote, hold on. I'm not sure there was any intent there. Stan Van Gundy, Stan Van Gundy watching the Dahmer miniseries episode eight as Dahmers eating somebody's genitals.


I'm not sure there was any intent there. I, you know, who knows with Draymond, but he is in the, the first team all NBA swinging his arms into somebody's head. Yeah. Mean he's one of the best in the league at it. Like ev a lot of people exaggerate contact, but nobody routinely connects with the head of the guy that's guarding them as, or the nuts consistently. The nuts or the nuts as consistently as Draymond Green. Well, Draymond got the game he needed to win. I guess the big, the bigger question for him is this technical foul tally that you would figure after 2016. He might be more aware of from a big picture standpoint, because now I think it's two more and he gets suspended for the next game.


So he's gotta, I guess, have tech to go to work with. I still haven't figured out what distinction they're making on the tech and the flagrant to like Yeah. I I, there's no rhyme or reason. It feels like, it feels like they're cutting a guy a break as to not get him kicked outta the game for the crazy stuff that he's doing. But I like their explanation leaves me wanting like, pretty much every single time. Yeah, I agree with them. Minga in this game tonight. Were you, did you ever own property on Minga Island? Did you look, would you go on Redfin and, and check out some houses? What was your plan there? Very early on I would say I was definitely like, look, this guy is athletic.


He plays with a motor. He's huge. Like this is an exciting kind of young guy that, you know, within Steve Kerr's system would be fun if he would develop. But I would say beginning last year where it's just like, it's obvious. First of all, he went to the press complaining about Steve Kerr. Steve Kerr was like, all right, whatever f it, we're gonna put this guy in. But it's obvious you're not, you didn't Like that by the way. I don't think Steve Kerr was a huge fan. The complaining to The press. I not you basically going over my head. He's not some creator, right? Like he's just not, and he's just refused to make himself into just a great role player.


Just to, dare I say it, G two, like look at what this guy does. Great cutter, great rebounder, great defender, just shoots open shots when it swung to him, like hits the brake. Like he uses his tools to the best of his ability to fit into what Golden State's trying to do. Minga basically does none of that and thinks that he's Kobe and it's just like, eh, I, I don't know why I should still be excited about him. You know where he is. Here's tell you why he should be excited if somebody on his team who's really important gets injured and he has to play minutes by default becomes exciting. 'cause he walks out there and he is like, finally I get to battle with Anthony Edwards, my peer, nobody, not peers, me and Anthony Wonders or understands what we have as a connection is rivals.


And he just goes head dead with them. Did you think even without this Curry injury, did you think Golden State had a real chance in this series? Yeah. I mean, you mean pre-injury? Did I think the Yeah, yeah, yeah. Oh yeah. Absolutely. Just because the, the, the wolves are just collectively not the most highly executing team. Right. And yeah, the, the, the, the dubs are the opposite. These guys are veterans with insane playoff knowhow collectively. And you know, they have a great coach. And so I was just like, just based off of that alone, I thought the dubs would give them a great series and had a, definitely had a chance.


I'm not gonna say I thought they were gonna win. I I just assume Minnesota size would eventually end up being too much. Yeah. And Anthony Edwards playing more like he did in the second half of game one throughout the series. I just assume Minnesota would eventually wear these guys down, but now it's hard to see it in, you know, I know they said they're gonna reevaluate in a week. That's not how hamstrings work. This guy's not coming back in a week. No. Hamstrings, calfs, groins. And they always do the at least a week or at least 10 days. And it's, you know, it's never, it's not good. It's too bad. Yeah. But on the other hand, here's the thing, he's 37 years old, they just had this war against the Rockets for seven games.


Right. And that game seven is worth a game and a half of playoff kind of minutes. Intensity. It's like a, it's like a three, it's like 150% of a game. Right? And then he immediately gets hurt in game one of the next series. And that's what happens when you're relying on 40-year-old LeBron and 37-year-old Steph Curry and you're relying on guys who have played a million playoff games, is the variance becomes a little dicey. Right? But then, you know, I was talking to some Warriors friends and they brought up something that I thought was kind of pretty, you know, head, head on the, the dubs came into the season thinking these young guys were somehow going to be competent enough to make this thing work.


And that's you talking about like Pods and Minga and Yeah. All those things. And they make this trade for Jimmy Butler. Finally they get steps, some help only they have to treat the last like 25 games, basically like playoff games. Yeah. So they've been going all out essentially since February. Right. And it's hard for me not to believe that that didn't play a role in why Jimmy, I mean, excuse me, why Steph ends up straining his hammy. 'cause he's been going pedal to the metal for months now and shouts to Joe House. Man, welcome to the, welcome to the BS podcast, brother. Yeah. Joe House. He's just staring at, oh no, he is in choppy internet. This is Great House.


You're only on nine Ringer podcast. But somehow when you come on mine, it's like you're in a log cabin in Sturbridge, Massachusetts. Well, I don't know if you're gonna hear this or not, but Yeah. Only one podcast uses, well, I don't even know if I should name names because I'm gonna, oh, this Is my fault. I was asking for it. Every podcast that I am on uses the same platform, no issue whatsoever. Except for one. It's this one. You You mean using, I I won't name names Using Zoom. Like what Whatcha talking about? Like you wanted Riverside. Riverside is seamless and perfect.


Nobody has an issue with Zoom, with Riverside Can, can you tell us what year your computer is that you're using? Like honestly, give us the year. What Year did you purchase that computer house? How old is the computer? It's probably 2016. That would be my, oh my God, that's insane. It's Trump Presidency Year one, the first One. Insane. That's how 2016. Oh my Goodness. I do have a modern setup. The problem is that my modern setup is in my house above where my teenager sleeps. Yeah. And so it's 50 50 whether I can go up there and hoot and holler the way I like or do I use this, this remote setup, which most of the time works, but all right, great.


It could be how close we are to the booze. I mean the booze is right over my left shoulder. That could have something to do with It. So many articles about the explosion of video pods and then house calls in on his Commodore 64 to get Ready house. I'm gonna ask you the same question I asked Waz after you watched the Warriors game like tonight is Curry, the non Yoka MVP compared to guys who actually mean the most to their specific teams? Well this was the case, you know, kind of all season long. The only way that Golden State was relevant to, to any kind of conversation was that bad man Curry. And I was very nervous at the beginning of this season all the way up until the trade deadline that this was a, a going away affair.


That this was basically, you know, the, the year before the year for his retirement circuit. Because Golden State had no prospects whatsoever until Jimmy Butler fell into their laps. And here we are, he can't play so they're dead. Yeah. Well I think that's it, but you know what's alive, pat Spencer's facial hair or whatever is going on gimmick Wes, what I see what's going on here. Wes, can you walk us through, you've seen a lot of looks over the years. I know, I know you've taken some true delight and some different things. Pat, where does Pat Spencer rank First Red flag? Is that terrible number? Why? What I, I'm sure it's some tribute probably to a late family member or something like that.


I'm sure there's something heartwarming to it, but bro, get a real jersey number first of all. And yeah, he's clearly, you know, I I, you know, he's out there in the Bay Area with those folks. I, I wouldn't be surprised if he's microdosed some strums, you know, every now and again. That would not shock me. That's what the yeah. That's what the facial and the hair is giving for me. Yeah. We might have to get him on The Ringer. Here's my next question. When you watch Minnesota and Minnesota has looked pretty spotty in these two games, right? They're bad in game one. And even tonight they kind of picked their spots and you know, Edward sprained his ankle in the second quarter and then returned pretty quickly.


But, you know, I wouldn't, I wouldn't say they look sharp as hell and maybe wonder how good the Lakers were. I, I see, I I see it a little bit differently. I think Minnesota's the kind of team that really does play up or down to their competition. Hmm. You know, they beat Denver like five times this season. Right. You know, all of their OKC games for the most part have been fun and Edwards is just a hyper competitive guy that way. And so I'm not surprised, you know, Steph goes down and they're kind of just dilly ding and aren't giving it their best effort. But there were times today where you saw the team that we saw moments against the Lakers.


And so I, I think, I think they, they will give anybody a run for their money. I'm talking about from the best teams left in the playoffs. Yeah. But they do have moments of just boneheaded basketball and it's been like this basically for three, four years now. So you don't think Pat Spencer and Quentin Post may be bringing the A game outta it yet? I don't, I don't even think Draymond's deep seated and rooted hatred for Rudy Gobert is, is even gonna be enough. They just can't do it without 30. Yeah. How so where do you stand on Minnesota? They hurt our feelings. 'cause we had a huge bet before the series.


You, me, Al Hench, we had Minnesota Game one, Minnesota for the series. Curry plays 12 minutes and we still somehow lose the game one bet. So I know I'm mad at them still. I don't know where you are. Yeah, I I have not forgiven them and I probably won't forgive them on the Lakers point. I think that the Lakers were an especially good matchup for Minnesota and you know, vice versa, Minnesota was just a bitch of a team for the Lakers. And the way that Minnesota was able to hunt Luca and really ex expose Luca where he is in terms of, of his basketball, his playoff basketball readiness, he just wasn't physically there, Luca.


And so they, they were able to exploit that and what the Lakers had in terms of personnel, it's an incomplete team. And so they just ran those zoos. They were exhausted. Luca and LeBron were exhausted every fourth quarter and Minnesota was able to exploit that. And you know, for one that's very impressive. But the way they showed up against Golden State, that's unforgivable. And I'm glad that Chris Finch called out Anthony Edwards. I think that was entirely appropriate. It's time for him to be, you know, the, the leader that, that everybody wants him to be. He did, he does set the tone and he can't let his missed jump shot. You know, his, his lack of confidence in his jumper impact the rest of his game.


Luca was either exhausted or hungry. I don't know if we decided both which one it was hangry maybe. I think hangry Luca, hangry, Hangry would've helped him Indy Cleveland. That's tomorrow night. I have no idea why it wasn't tonight. I have no idea why Lou only had one game. They really put, they should have moved this up once we realized Curry was out. But as I've said many times in the pod, I loved, I loved Indie's chances in this series. I wasn't positive they're gonna win, but I really thought it was gonna be a 50 50 series. They won game one, game two, nobody plays Mitchell has a heroic 46 minutes and cannot finish.


And Indie steals it and Halliburton has this great moment and it's two oh Indie. Heading back to Indianapolis Wise, do you have more concern for the Cavaliers or the Boston Celtics? The team I have to root for, I mean, I would say the Cavs by far the Boston Celtics aren't missing two all NBA caliber players. Right. And another guy who they seen as their key deadline deal in Deandre Hunter. Right. So like, I think Moby's gonna come back from his injury. He'll probably be a little limited. It's to ankle people come back from those and you know, just gut it out.


Garland, I I isn't coming back. Like all, all indications are that that toe injury is horrible. And coming into the series, I kind of felt like they could win the series even without Garland. Yeah, I did think they were that much better than Indie. But Now you are down oh two and you're the guy who at many points of the season has been your best player, is severely limited and hampered. They got a well of, you know, basically of a job to do to win four out of five games against this Pacers team that is just, they're clicking man. Well, You know, who agrees with you FanDuel?


'cause the Pacers are minus 1 94 favorites and the Celtics are minus one 12 favorites. So I think it is way more bleak. One thing with that that I thought was a sneaky piece of the Garland thing, I don't know if anyone else has mentioned this, he handles the ball for them a ton and indie's kind of a bitch to play with how they go 94 feet and they just hound you and they just, they really make you work the bops. And and that was one of the things with Mitchell, he had to bring the ball up a lot. And then near the fourth quarter he is like, all right, I'm done with this. And other people were doing it. But I, I think indie, it's weird because sometimes you'll watch and they'll choke games away at the end and you're like, how did they lose that? Then other times they come late almost like a boxer where it's like, wow, they're down on the cards but they're throwing bombs right now.


How you do you like this indie team? Where do you stand on indie? I really do. And we were on them after the, the, you know, the calendar flipped into the new year. Yeah. We, we liked their the where their wind total sat, the forecast for how they might end up the season. And they've been as good as, as you know, just about anybody over the, the last 50 games of, of the season. Their record now is what, like 36 and 11 something, something very good. Well I think weren't they like 35 and 15 and then what'd they do in the playoffs? Four and one now they're six and one in the playoffs. So it's something like 41 and 16 in their last 57. Something like that. Yeah. That that's it. And so it's also the, the, the case that like there are a different kind of beast in the playoffs and the chops that they acquired by way of making to it to the Eastern conference finals can't be overlooked.


I mean when you get to, when you just get those playoff reps the way that they did and face, you know, Boston, Halliburton went out, but all those other guys, there's a level of confidence, there's a swagger. They are not intimidated by the moment. They're not afraid of the moment. It's a bitch for Cleveland. I'm so bummed out that they're, they don't have Garland because they, they've been so good all season long that the, they deserve like the full compliment to go ahead and take a legit run at this season and they're not gonna get it. 'cause Garland's absence is, is is, it isn't just like a scoring issue. It's it's part of what you said Bill. It is the fact that that he's not there to bring the ball up.


It impacts so many different, their perimeter defense like, you know, on so many different aspects of what Cleveland wants to do. Plus it's Ty Jerome. Yeah. Who's great, who's great when he is the Dion Waiters guy in the movie. Yeah, but you don't want him on the poster necessarily. But you love when he comes in for some like crazy scenes like Tom Sizemore style. But I don't know if I'm building the movie around him. Yeah, look, I still think Indy could have beaten them if they, if Cleveland was healthy. I really thought these teams, I thought these teams were pretty even that I thought the Halliburton story and the athletic this week was fascinating about, you know, you don't hear a lot of players talk about when they get into funks and it it just like he did all the stuff like we talked to Ringer colleagues about sometimes like, don't fucking read that stuff.


Don't go on these boards, don't go on your Twitter rep applies like ignore all that stuff. Nothing good happens in those corners. Don't read it. Don't read it. And Halliburton was like, I was reading everything and I was driving myself crazy but from the moment the Olympics happened all the way through, I read everything. I saw every criticism and it got in my head and I started to lose my joy for stuff and now I cut it out and now I have my, my mojo back. But what, how many times can you remember an athlete like that openly talking about that I was kind of stunned. Especially not a current athlete or a current player. I know Kevin Durant is like famously known for being in his mentions like reading everything that's written about him in the media and what people are saying on social.


But most people try to present a face of like, I'm above the fray and Halliburton coming out and just being like, nah man, like I'm reading all these horrible things that are being said about me and it's bumming me the hell out and it's actually was having an impact on my game that is unique most time. Like again like active players don't like to show, you know, present themselves as having flaws or weaknesses or whatever the case may be. And so yeah, I mean I think it's dope that he talked about it and I think it's even better that he's sending a message that like you need to block that out. The internet has, you know, many great things about it, you know, and in many ways we owe our careers to the internet but god damn is it negative and just nasty as hell.


And so man, that it is just a smart thing for him to do to just lock in with your people and be a great pacer and it's, and look at these guys they're up to, oh right. You know, against the number one team in the Easter season. Well I think one of the things with him, you could see at the first part of the season I didn't vote for A NBA mostly because of the first two months. I just didn't think he was good enough and that there was a couple games where you'd watch him some nights and he didn't have the big impact of what you would expect from a typical NBA guy. But he was on the bubble for me. But you watch the playoffs house, if I do my pyramid of guys who are left, it'd be good social graphic and Yoki is at the top of the pyramid.


Yes. The next level down. Would you have SGA and Curry? No. Who would you have? Brunson Buddy Brunson. Okay. Curry. That's I have, yeah. Over Curry. Yes. Okay. He's never been in the eastern finals so so we're we're doing that. We're taking for his four rings. We to him in The ocean. What pyramid is this? I thought we were doing the 2025 NBA playoff pyramid. Yeah the guys right now the guys who are left. Yeah. So Curry being hurt. You're knocking him down. Yes. Okay. Yeah. Brunson's not hurt. Brunson's going into Boston and ripping the heart out of that, that city.


Alright, Settle down. Alright. So, alright. So you agree with that Wise? You got SGA Brunson on that second level? For sure. I think Ant sometimes gets to that level, especially against the Lakers. Like he was just controlling and dominating play in that series. But yeah, I would say Steph, SGA. Okay, so third level. Can I put Curry in the third level or are we dinging him because he's third, third level, Third level, third Level. Fine. So can I do Curry, Mitchell and Ant in the third level? Where are you gonna put Halliburton?


That's what I was about to say. Okay, Well, and, and he's there. I hesitate to say this name right now given the week that's happened. But Jason Tatum for an mvp is he outta the top three levels now This is the NBA, the 2025 NBA playoffs. Show me his signature game in the 2025 NBA Playoffs bill. So you put, you put Halliburton with Curry and Mitchell in the third level Question bill of all of those guys. And there's 12 seconds left on the clock. The Celtics are down one or whoever is down one. Yeah. Would you trust Tatum over any of the guys that you just previously mentioned Wise?


It's not a great week for the question. Get 'em wise, get them get, I thought I, I talk about it with my dad a lot. The next segment I, I got rope doped a little bit hopefully. Maybe it's not a rope dope. Maybe it was just two bad games. But we watched him for four months. Damn. And I really believed and then you saw what happened in the first two games and now I don't know what to believe. What do you believe? I, I mean it's crazy for me because I feel like I was one of the most vocal tatum's like skeptics in the media and I thought I kind of had a turnaround on the guy. Like I thought he got kind of a bad rap.


Yes, he didn't make shots in the playoffs last year, but he was incredible on defense. He was their best basically initiator setting up other guys 'cause they don't have a real point guard on the team. Like he Was the best rebounder, Best rebounder. Like he was the engine of what won that championship last year. Especially against Dallas too. I obviously couldn't make a shot in the Olympics. But then this year I'm like look man, all the stuff we used to complain about his tunnel vision, his refusal to get off the ball, sometimes the bad long contested twos all his refusal to get to the free throw line when he had smaller guys on him. He was executing all of that stuff perfectly clearly playing the best ball of his life.


And then game two was literally the encapsulation of everything negative people have ever had to say about Tatum. He embodied it in that game. And I just, I can't believe that Jason Tatum is actually the player that we saw in game two. I I, I can't believe that We're gonna take a break. Not 'cause we need to throw to a sponsor, but because I personally need a break from talking about Jason Tatum, we'll be back in a second.


FanDuel is getting you into the action for the NBA playoffs like they always do. Right now all customers can get a no sweat same game parlay every weekend. We can bet the NBA playoffs. Use your token on a three plus leg. Same game parlay, same game parlay plus on any NBA playoff game. You'll get bonus bets back if you don't win. For instance, if you think the Celtics can win game three, I would go up on Tatum rebounds and honestly I would go up on Tatum Assist too. Maybe even do that points rebounds plus assist bet with the Celtics money line. But that's the kind of stuff you can do. I love betting on FanDuel. Great promotions every day. Safe and secure app. Instant payments you can do Taylor Fade against me or with me on Wednesdays at one this week with SGA over 29 and a half points. No better place to bet on all the playoff action in America's number one sports book. Visit FanDuel dot com slash bs and get a no sweat same game probably every week than the NBA playoffs. Once again FanDuel dot com slash bs. Official sports betting partner of the NBA A Must be 20 oh plus President select states are 18 plus and President DC Optum required minimum three Legg Parlay required refund issued as a non drop a bonus bet that expires seven days after receipt max refund $5 unless otherwise specified restrictions supply including token expiration C terms@sportsbookfan.com. Give prom call 100 GAMBLER or visit rg help do com.


This episode is brought to you by MICHELOB ULTRA. We all have our routines during the playoffs. I'm the same man who once wore the same t-shirt every single day during the 2003 baseball playoffs. I'm the same person who will tell my wife to come into the room when I need a team to win because she's good luck during the NBA playoffs. These are things that happen. Well MICHELOB ULTRA, a great addition to any game time routine. It is a superior late beer. It's really great and they're getting fans closer to the game with exclusive prizes, including courtside seats to see your favorite team play sign memorabilia lots more and therefore your chance to win at MICHELOB ULTRA dot com slash courtside. MICHELOB ULTRA superior access Courtside 2024 to 2025 sweepstakes no purchase necessary. Open a US residence, 21 or older ends on July 1st, 2025, multiple entry periods. Visit MICHELOB ULTRA dot com slash superior access slash courtside for free. Entry. Entry. Deadlines and official rules message and data rates may apply void. We're prohibited.


Alright, we're trying to figure out the pyramid of guys who are left and we got a little stuck on on Jason Tatum of the Boston Celtics, given the week that he is having and Joe House did not have a chance to chime in. So I'm gonna give you the floor. Joe House, All I wanna say out loud is it is possible that whatever happened to his wrist in that Orlando series that had him miss a game and you know, to his credit he did come back earlier than forecast. It seemed like a wrist injury that was gonna have him missing multiple games for a team that relies on three point shooting. If there is, this would be the best story to come out.


That the wrist isn't all the way there. That he is not a hundred percent comfortable and that discomfort is also impacting his judgment. I mean if we really had to extend it So his brain would have to be in his wrist. Well, in the same way that Anthony Edwards, you know in these, the first two games games, you know his his what, at least the first game, the lack of of energy against Golden State and and he wasn't great at the beginning of the Laker series. That's where I was gonna gonna go. Yeah. But for Tatum, if that lack of confidence tied to the wrist has him just, you know, settling rather than going inside he, this is the thing that WA just said, there's no reason he can't go, go be a bully.


There's no reason that he can't go down low and take on OG N and Obie and try and get to the free throw line. There's nothing standing in his way in that respect. But I'm trying to be generous and gracious with Tatum Bs. He's been really good and I don't have an explanation for what happened in the last two games, but talk about it later. Well at least I give my thoughts later. So if we went Pyramid of Guys right now and the list can move and the list can go up and down, but if we're just saying right now guys who were playing the best Yogi, SGA Brunson. Halliburton Aunt Mitchell. Sure.


And then Curry with an asterisk 'cause he is hurt with Tatum Mobley with an asterisk. 'cause he's hurt Townes. No, no. Ja. Jalen Williams Brown Holmgren. Aaron Gordon Murray like it, it kind of drops off. Yeah. I like Aaron Gordon the best. Out of all those names you just said, Aaron Gordon's the only one. I'm like, hey, there's a name guy that I think has Those guys. I mean, aside from J Dub, those guys are just asked to sort of be as complimentary as they possibly can. They're not asked to drive any actions.


Right. JW at times is like, all right, you're gonna have the ball you're gonna create, you're gonna be a one-on-one initiating kind of guy. Aaron Gordon's just asked to fill in the blanks around Yoic and Murray and all the things that those guys are doing. I think Murray, I've been pretty disappointed by his overall playoffs so far. It's been so up and down and inconsistent. Yeah. And when it looks good, it's like, damn Denver could win the championship this year. And then when it looks like how it's looked and you know, so many, too many of these games has been a bit disappointing. Yeah. If you're talking biggest winners for the playoffs so far, even though we're barely in the second round and, and let's remove the Knicks fan base, the Knicks as a team, the Knicks is there constructed and everybody who put it together, Jalen Brunson, just like this has been unbelievable what's happened with them.


Halliburton I think is up there and then Aaron Gordon is the other one. And sometimes we'll see this and house and I are older than you was, but sometimes this'll happen in the playoffs with these guys who have been around long enough. I remember it happened when they al in 2015, these guys that were never quite first or second team on NBA, maybe we thought they were gonna be slightly better than they end up being. And then they figured out how to be this like incredibly impactful. Zach Lowe would call them amplifiers of the awesome player. And Gordon now has turned into like, did you think that shot was going inhouse that three I did and Westbrook passed him. You thought it was going in right? I did. I did. I did. Yes I did.


I did think it was going in. Yeah. He's turned into this clutch reliable man. I was so impressed in the games I went to against the Clippers. Like he was just, you Know, so physical guards the hell out of people. Yeah. The jump shot. It was the, the first thing I noted watching Denver coming into this season was he was just taking threes with so much more confidence man. Like yeah. There was no hesitation. Like, no, this is a shot I should be taking 'cause I'm going to make it. Which just hasn't been the case throughout his career at all. In fact, that was like one of the major knocks of him in Orlando. It's like, yo, this guy can't shoot. You know, they kind of had him in the Paolo role.


They were like trying to the same things that Paolo's doing. They try to sort of cast Aaron Gordon as the kind of guy that could do that. Yeah. And he so clearly wasn't, you know, he gets traded to Denver and it's almost like he was born to play with Nicola Yoic the way that marriage and that synergy has worked. He's yeah, definitely one of my favorite guys to watch. All right, so go little mini Pyramid Yoic. SJA Brunson, Halliburton an Mitchell, and then Curry, Tatum, Mobley and Gordon for the, right now, yeah, I'll put him next level. But if you had shown me that a week ago and you're like, look at this pyramid you made on Thursday's podcast, on May, whatever.


I'd be like, why is Tatum so low? And What Happened to Curry house? What are you seeing in this next Celtics game? Is there is, it's a 1230 game on Saturday. Game four is Monday. The Celtics have been better on the road for whatever reason. All year must win game for them. It's gonna be the hottest Knicks ticket I think since the 1999 finals. And what do you, what do you expect if I, if I said to you Celtics win in six or seven or the next sweep, which one would you pick? I still would pick the Celtics, but, but man, it wouldn't be comfortable. I wouldn't bet $1 on it.


And the hard thing with trying to anticipate what's gonna happen in this series is you need to tell me how many minutes Pingus is gonna play and you need to tell me what version of Jalen Brown I'm gonna get because it, we just haven't seen that physical version of him be able to play, you know, the full 35 to 40 minutes that the Celtics absolutely positively require to be successful in the playoffs. That to me more than anything, has been the missing ingredient in these first two games against the Knicks. It's the, it's the guy that can go get that tough bucket when it, when we're in crunch time, when we're inside of six minutes, when it's five minutes towards the end of the game and you need somebody to go get a physical bucket.


That, that was Jalen Brown. That's why he was the MVP of the finals last year. Yeah. And there's some reason that he is it's physical that, that he is not capable of it thus far in these playoffs. Yeah. He's somewhere 85 to 90% I would say Wes. Yeah. I mean he's shooting 30% from three when, you know, the jumper has been incredible all season long. And for him to be shooting 30 in the playoffs, you know, that's, that's Tony Allen territory. If, if we're being honest there, I just, to me what I wanna see from Tatum and Brown, who we know is dealing with a, with a bum knee right now is when Josh Hart or, and Josh Hart's a great defender, you know, he's a gamer or Jalen Brunson or guarding you guys, you, you have five inches on these dudes, man, in a big situation, in a situation where it feels like New York is chipping into your lead and things are snowballing.


Like you should be able to take these guys to the basket Yeah. And generate a shot at the basket or a kickout get or a kickout Yeah. For some extreme level of help and get New York in rotation and doing your Boston Celtics thing, like the entire offense is designed in order to create these driving lanes for these guys. And the idea that you have all these shooters around you and some dude that's six two starts guarding you, you settle for a fade away from 13 feet out. That is just unacceptable to me. And you know, I just have no reason to believe that that won't change. But I think the problem for Boston is like, yes to me they've clearly been the better team, but I think New York has an opportunity to play better.


I don't think they've played their best. Well that's, that's the alarming thing of this To all win the series. Yeah. It's alarming that I think they, what was it, they had their worst offensive rating of the year in game two out of all the games they've played 80 the worst or Offensive raining in the half court. That is Yeah. Putrid It, it, I don't know how, I don't like to see you this way my friend, but Oh God, it wasn't great. It's Tough to defend a title. Let's be, let's be real about it. Of course. It's tough to defend a Title. The thing you said has, the, the most alarming piece of this to me is you're like, I don't know what to expect from Pingus.


What's he gonna be like the rest of the series? And I think the answer is he's gonna be the guy you saw in game two. I don't think he's healthy. I think there's something wrong with him. And I think if it was any other situation he wouldn't be playing. And that's a guy who's 20 a game for them when he is healthy with REM protection and insurance, insurance for the top two guys. If either of them are off and now, now that's gone. You saw what happened to Horford the more minutes he had to play and you know, I teams start getting tight. The the was the, the, the piece I don't understand is just the settling and the one-on-one stuff and the lack of movement, which I thought they had corrected for the most part over the course of the year.


Whereas like if something wasn't working, somebody starts moving, one of the guards comes over, they reset whatever they're doing and now they're just jacking shit up the assist totals. Were way down in those two games and that's, it matched what you're watching when you're watching it where it's like just whoever has the ball is gonna shoot My guy Modoc Hill called it hubris and I agree with him. It's like OKC came out as if their season was on the line. Like, if we lose this game, our season is over. They treated it like a damn near game seven. I can't say that about Boston. It's not that they didn't play hard. Yeah, they're up plenty. But you are shooting jump shots in the fourth quarter and you got guys like Carl Anthony Towns in jail and Brunson on the court.


Yeah. You're not attacking these matchups as if your life, it just feels like they didn't feel like their life depended on it. Yeah, I agree. Which agreed. Which I think is just crazy. Whereas SGA was the opposite. He comes out and he is like, we're not losing tonight. I've got this guy. Well here's the thing. My dad and I didn't really talk about this so I, I feel like this is a relatively flesh topic. This is a real fork in the road weekend for Jason Tatum. Hmm hmm. Who won the title last year, but then somehow, you know, still didn't get all the spoils and left the summer with as many questions as answers in a lot of ways. Which I think was immensely frustrating to him and the team and his coach.


And a lot of what was happening this season was them correcting the narrative that he wasn't one of the best players in the league and he was awesome the last four months and now we're in this situation where they need him the same way the the nuggets needed Yoic and game four right. The same way the OKC needed, needed SJA last night the same way the Warriors needed Curry to play a perfect, really smart basketball game in game seven and just make all the right plays for four quarters. That's what's alarming to me house is he wasn't making the right plays, he wasn't dissecting the Knicks in the way that he was doing all season and even in the Orlando series.


See, I agree with all of that and I hate to take the conversation this direction, but the fork in the road moment is for the Celtics. It's not just Tatum. I mean if they lose You go in sec Third Apron otomy. I mean I didn't I didn't put you on that apron. The you, the the the ownership did it and it was the right thing to do. Let's go see if we can defend the title where well, as we sit here today, it doesn't feel great. The idea of defending the title doesn't seem likely and it does, it looks like the team can't afford to keep both Jalen Brown and Jason Tatum. Wow. And so It's or or holiday or Pingus like, it, it's clear that there's, it's, this is the short window of this is basically a two year run with the group they had last year and this year.


And then one of those guys just financially, I I I don't feel confident. I don't know which one it'll be long term. They still have a longer window built around Tatum and Brown that they're in the middle of and they've been in the middle of all decade. But I think this was their best chance other than last year with the contracts with the players and the team and the quality of the players with the state of the league. Right. They're never gonna be in a better spot than this right house That, that's certainly my view. I had them in ink in the NBA finals against Oklahoma City. That Should've been my first warning. Jesus. I wish I had known that you Had that you had the same thing. You had them against Oklahoma City.


That's, that's the bet we made when the season started. It's, yes. That was our finals matchup. Somebody's gotta dig up the footage of Tatum's last game at Madison Square Garden. It was the last Nixon Celtics matchup of the season. I get it, it's regular season. But I know for a fact that Nicks desperately wanted to win that game 'cause they had gotten their butts kicked all season long. The crowd in the garden was losing their minds desperately wanted to win. That Tatum was sublime. Dude, that move that he put on OG n and Obie to get the game winning shot was incredible. I was like, this guy is at the peak of his powers.


Yeah. I've never seen Tatum be this incredible and og n Nobi has traditionally been a bugger boo for him. He's yeah, obviously one of the best isolation defenders in the league. I don't expect you to go out and just make og n Noby look like a scrub. I'm not saying that, but like, he just has to be more methodical. He has to be smarter about, you know, how he attacks this Nick defense. 'cause I do think there are other places to attack. Well, and you know, you, you always wanna do the stuff that the defense is overreacting to. Like they, they attacked Brunson at the beginning of the game with JR Holiday. And then the next switched on that I, I've always noticed when they put Tatum at the foul line in that nowitzki spot.


Teams hate that when they have the right spacing around him and he's really good at turning around and shooting over somebody going to the basket, doing a little fall away or or finding like a shooter if people are drifting off, that's like, that's become something that's been a really good piece of his game. And actually Jalen Brown's pretty good at it too. They weren't really doing that at all in the second half. And even I look at that last play where they, they do the full court all the way down. Score Brunson comes back, Dukes drew and gets fouled, then the Celtics run the exact same play again. And it's the worst play in the history of the franchise. Fucking domination. Like I've never seen worse spacing. There's never been worse spacing on a play ever. You had five guys all next to each other, but I, I would've called time out and done that lob to Tatum at the top of the key foul line area and just created that space.


That's the stuff I wanna see them start playing chess again house. 'cause it was checkers in those first two games. I totally agree. And that's the, the place where Pingus is so crucial because if you put Tatum, can you stop fucking mentioning him? Jesus Christ, if Pingus plays 15 minutes, it's a miracle. But He can crash. He's the guy that, that gets the ball. You know, as, as Tatum starts his move and the defense collapses in Portus is standing right there to knock down that three and he is so reliable at that. Okay, I'll stop. I'm sorry. No, I know. It's just, I I feel like 15 minutes of him playing decently is what I'm looking at. And I think the Joe Ma piece has to matter here too. Like I get it.


The we do what we do. The math is the math. We're gonna shoot 60 threes no matter what the situation is. Like, Just context doesn't matter if we get a three, we're gonna shoot it. I get that. But there needs to be some level of adjustment to the realities on the ground. Man. How about attack, attack Carl Anthony Towns, he's Right there. Just go at him. He wants won foul. Everybody on the court he wants, wants he's dying. Listen Fo somebody, Let him foul. Let, let ka Foul and guess who else likes fouling people Bitch Robinson. Yes. That was cra that's another thing. And and I mentioned this on group chat, the whole, we gotta get Mitchell Robinson off the floor.


I Know as if he's Hakeem Ewan or Shaq. That is cra like that was just crazy to me. And Joe mad in the press conference was like, yeah, guy was plus 22. He was killing us. Yeah. I wanted him off the floor. It's like, bro, Nobody thought Mitchell Robinson was killing us. Not one person who watched that game was like, oh my God, we can't stop Mitchell Robinson house. Is this the biggest knick game since the, that you could remember since you were in law 1999, you're outta law at that point easily That win 2000 like the the Vince Carter Toronto series because they had that Nick Pacer series in 2013, but that was No, this series, this kind of A team is better.


This team is better. And this team is, you know, the, it's the culmination of all of these moves that, that, you know, the front office, the reinvigorated front office that by in turn reinvigorated the fan base and created, you know, this excitement that that's been unmatched since Win Wise Insanity. I don't know when's the last time it felt. Oh Definitely that's the last time. Like insanity. True Crazy nick excitement. But in terms of, I like after a Nick playoff victory, like I'm telling you, the last time this felt like this was the LJ four point play. Wow. That was the last time like coming off of a Knicks victory.


It was like, oh my God, I can't believe this is happening. And for that sent them into the finals. Whereas this is just like, you know, giving them a two game advantage over the world Champs. But it's, you know, it's hard to underestimate. Bill said that it's gonna be the craziest ticket at MSG in years. And that's true. Like it's, they're going to be ready to blow the roof off. Like not even a three 30 local time is gonna stop it. Like it doesn't matter. These people, kids are going to be rabid lose. I think that Monday games is gonna be even crazier. Yeah. Monday nighter. So my dad who's not, hasn't even been on the podcast yet, he's really hoping for Scott Foster game three.


We'll see the cooler Got finger. Yeah, we fingers crossed for the extender. The extender. Extender. The Extender. That's right. He was an OKC last night.


This episode is brought to you by Better Help. There's still a lot of stigma around mental help. Let's change that. This Mental Health Awareness month. Let's encourage everyone to get support when they need it. And if you're not sure where to find that support, check out better help with a network of over 30,000 licensed therapists, they can help you find the right fit. We're all better with help. Visit better help.com/ Bill Simmons to get 10% off your first month. That's better. Help hlp do com slash Bill Simmons.


This episode is brought to you by MICHELOB ULTRA. What do I look forward to every BA playoff season? Well, I'm always hoping the Celtics do well. I'm always hoping we have great storylines, great games, great matchups, great games sevens, I just hope for good basketball. But the NBA playoffs, they're even better with Michelob Bocher, the official beer partner of the nba. Plus they're getting fans closer to the game with a chance to win courtside tickets and more. Enter now at michelob bocher.com/courtside. Michelob belcher's peer access courtside 2024 to 25 sweepstakes no purchase necessary open to US residents. 21 or older ends on July 1st, 2025, multiple entry periods. Visit mic low belcher.com/superior access slash courtside for free. Entry, entry deadlines and official rules, message and data rates may apply void where prohibited.


How does watching what happened with the Knicks give you confidence with, with your team, the Abouts Rejuvenated wizards. He said who? The capitals. Well you got the lottery on Monday night. Yeah, I look, I I went on The Ringer NBA draft show, which a Kyle Mann and I couldn't believe the words that were coming outta my mouth. There was a lot of enthusiasm for the direction of this young Washington team. Wow. And if we just get a little bit of luck, honestly, I said this to, to JKM if Washington gets any of the first four picks, I think there are great players at each of those picks in Washington's developmental mode that, that they're in right now.


Yeah. And the head coach Brian Keefe, like, you know, any one of those four guys can flourish. Now, of course I won Cooper, I mean we did poop for cou all season long. So, you know, it would be nice to, to be rewarded for that. But I I, I'm very excited for this, this the direction of the Washington franchise. It it's, it's just amazing that both the football team and the basketball team for the first time in what feels like 30 years, I shouldn't say feels like in the, for the first time in 30 years has a, a direction and a plan. I, it's just unbelievable. Well, hopefully you'll get one of the Rutgers guys. 'cause I think that team went 12 and 20 last year between those guys in winning, winning legacy of that one NIT game.


They won. I I'm very excited for the, for the latter. Before we go OKC Denver, really quick, do you see anything in those first two games wise, that makes you think, OK, C's not winning this series? Not really, but I think what people should be looking for is the tightness of the whistle. If the reps allow OKC to be physical, meaning allow them to foul Denver, they're gonna have no, they're gonna be able to guard them quite competently. Like we saw last night, if any of these crews are just like actually calling fouls, that's when they're gonna run into some issues.


And so that's what I'm really gonna be watching for because they can't physically, none of their big men can physically match up with Yoic. Not Chet, not Jalen Williams, not even Hartenstein, but you know, if they're allowed to sort of gumming up and hold and, you know, keep their hands on guys coming off of screens. Like if they're allowed to play as physical as they typically do, then they got a great shot of defending Denver and they're well on their way to the conference. Finals House Yoic all time for you. Best person Too. Oh God. I mean, he's in the convers, he's in the top 10. So Tim Duncan, I don't, you know who like Kobe, what he's doing in this playoffs?


Yeah. Well you tell me. Would you have it above anything you ever saw from Kobe? He's, he's in the top 10. He's, he, he's, he's probably top Eight's trying to start trouble. I'm, I'm not. I Did you see that? Ignored It? I'm still trying to start. No, because I left, I, I said it on the pod. I left that clipper game and that was the best game I've seen anyone play in person since Michael Jordan, maybe LeBron in the 2012 that, that crazy game he had in game six in Boston. But that, it was like at that level where it was like, holy shit, this is insane that somebody is this good at basketball. So it's, for me, it was in that area, which is you, you know, house has known me a long time. I don't throw that around For me.


Yoki offensively, I know he has his defensive limitations and that matters is as good as Prime Steph Prime LeBron in terms of his impact on the court. Like again, like I love Jamal Murray. The guy is very inconsistent. Yeah. It's Stephan LeBron level elevating every single thing that's next to them, you know, in those two guys' primes. And so yeah, YOIC man, I got too much love and respect for what he does out there. I was on terminating Eddie's show yesterday and this was when they hadn't lost OKC yet. So they're up one, nothing. I, I said if he somehow put this together and won four straight rounds and went through that Clippers team in round one, the 68 win OKC team in round two gets his Revenge.


The Bulls who owned them Gets his revenge against Minnesota, who's been his bully for two years. Wow. And then takes out, pick an east team, the Knicks, and that's the gauntlet that's like the best runs we've had the last 30 years were probably the Dirk 2011 run when it was like Durant and, and Kobe and then, you know, LeBron and Wade in the finals and there was somebody else good too. And then that Hakim run the famous Hakim run when he beat every great center in the league, including Robinson who won the MVP. I don't think it's gonna happen because I think KC is so good, but if, if it did happen, I think it would immediately go in that shortlist right house that's, that's like, that would be the territory.


And, and it, it puts him like, you know, it cement him inside the top eight of all time players. Yeah. He's already, it moves him. Yeah. Yeah. It, it, it elevates him another level. I thought just even getting through that clipper series Was Shocking to me. Was any, any farewell words for James Harden that you didn't use on the group chat pod? Look man, anything left James Harden. The only thing I'll say, James Harden's 35 now. He, like the times that he played well in that series were way beyond anything that I could have reasonably expected. I thought it was gonna be a face plant for the entire time.


He had moments where he legit looked really freaking good. Yeah. But my God, dude, like that's really going on your resume the amount of times in the closing games of playoff series when your team absolutely needed you for you to just come up, you know, look, just becoming a pumpkin, it's tough. It's tough for James Harden House. You didn't get to give your James Harden thoughts on my podcast. I know you have them. I actually don't really blame James Harden as much. Like he, he is who he is. We keep seeing this version of him. Yeah, good point. At this stage of his career, I don't think it's really fair to like, you know, point it, it's a combination of, you know, the, the alchemy that the Clippers tried to pull off with Kawhi Leonard at this stage of his career, like not really physically capable of a seven game series, not capable of, he showed ust his tremendous highs, his c capacity for tremendous high and the same is true of Harden.


And then we got to game seven and neither one of them had the, I don't know, the athletic verve. I don't know what what, what to describe it. The the gasoline. The gasoline. That's exactly right. But you know, How about your guy Westbrook Love that band so much. He never gave up. Never did I. Look, go back and find that clip from October of 2024. You had, you said it every year. You love, you love Westbrook. Well, I said, you know, it, it, it could be the joker's greatest accomplishment, the greatest feat of his career, which is resuscitating the career of Russell Westbrook. Lo and behold, Russell Westbrook is extremely important to this Denver team and their future success.


It's been a joy to watch in these playoffs. I'm, I'm not, I'm I'm on a full Westbrook stand. Well, I hope we're talking about Jason Tatum favorably in eight to nine years. We'll, we'll see what happens this weekend. Can I, can I make a plea on behalf of NBA America? Yeah. Can can we please now look, I like Wingstop. I'm a fan. I'm, I'm here for it. Can we please no more? Yes. Jalen Green. Jalen Green Wing stock commercials. They Gotta cut another spot. Yeah, they Have Go find a different guy. Yeah. We, Nobody knows who he is and he's outta the You don't want to tell your customers the subliminal message that Wingstop is sending people is that you're gonna have a good meal here once out of every six occasions.


That's what, that's what when you put Jalen greenness the face of your brand, my goodness you're saying goodness. One out of every six times, one out of every six of these tenders is gonna be perfect for you. That's Not the message. You're gonna be on the bench waiting to get your wings and they're never gonna come. That's, and Then every six times they will. So do you think they should cut as the moment the guy gets bounced from the commercial, from the playoffs? We never see him in another commercial. Absolutely. Yes. You hear that Wises? Yeah, absolutely. And I, and I get it. And re you know what, restart your campaign when the playoffs are over. I don't know. Like, I, I just can't The, the the, that they, they just show the same commercial and I'm over the OKC commercial too. I know Jacoby did a big ran about Yes, Kobe did the whole thing.


I was proud of Kobe. That was good. Awkward. It's very cringe. Well The thing with House is the food commercials really hit home for house 'cause he gets hungry every time. Well, every time I feel like, so if fits a wing stop house immediately gets excited for wings, but then there's Jalen Green and, and now, now he's not excited Every time it starts, I feel like it's possible there's a 2% chance it has a different outcome. Nope. It's Jalen Green sitting in that car on, on his way to the, to Cancun or Galveston. Where, where he, where Houston really belongs after that future performance. He's Gonna be on his way to Milwaukee. He really? Yeah, he's, that's where that car is headed. Or Phoenix. Good luck House. Do you feel vindicated that all the Suns fans revile Bradley Beal?


No. And Bradley Beal didn't do anything wrong. All that man did was sign that giant contract that dopey Tommy Shepherd put in front of him that dopey Ted Leones signed off on. Yeah. And he's just trying to live his best Bradley Beal life. He doesn't really want to play basketball. He doesn't, he likes playing basketball, but he does. He's like, he likes the money. He likes the light. Yeah. He Likes make two more years of the contract. Two years when we're doing worst contracts in March. I'm already excited for whatever Brooklyn has in store for us this summer. There might be a very fun tide Jerome overpay that we might, that might be able to make the list. Wow. In indeed, I would guess would be the number one guy on the list when we do this.


I mean, it's still 10 months away, but worst contracts one of the most fun days of the year. Alright, we're gonna take a break and come back with my dad talking salts, snakes, Woz, great to see you as always, house. Thanks for logging in on your 2016 laptop. It was great to see as well. But we gotta get you, we gotta get you a new laptop. I got a new one. I'm, I'm working on it. You know what the real issue is? I do have a new computer. Every, it takes the, the amount of time it takes to get the new passwords. Put your passwords into every single, The porn passwords are the work passwords. No. No. So for every like app, every single site that you go to requires double authentication.


It's a double ended dildo trying to sit there and, you know, figure out how to get it. So I'm doing it like, you know, in, in 10% chunks. 'cause it, it's gonna take me three weeks to get this new machine up. Double authentication. Come on man. That's a, that's a damn Jalen Green Wingstop commercial Double-edged dildo and 10% chunks. Good. Good one to end it on as we head toward talking about Celtics Knicks for 40 more minutes. Wasted house. Thanks again.


This episode is brought to you by vrbo, private Vacation Rentals with vrbo. You can save over $200 on select homes when you stay for a week or more. Say you wanted to go catch a few baseball games in Boston, take some time off work flying to Beantown. Watch the Sox play after that. You can do anything. Go book a VRBO in Cape Cod for a week. The world is your oyster or lobster roll or clam chatter. Really, if it has shells, gills, and is indigenous to the Atlantic, it's your edible metaphor of choice. They're crustacean crazy down there. And guess what? Since you stayed longer than a week, you saved over $200. You know what that means? More shellfish. I love shellfish. Hope you're not allergic. Next vacation. Stay longer and save. Make it a vrbo.


This episode is presented by State Farm on the the basketball court. The best players know when to pass and off the court. You still need teammates who are there when accounts. That's where State Farm comes in with agents to help you find coverage that's right for you. You can focus on what really matters, whether that's hitting game winners or just getting through the day Like a good neighbor. State Farm is there. State Farm coverage options are selected by the customer. Availability and eligibility vary by state.


All right. Taping this part of the podcast. It is four o'clock East Coast time. My dad is here. We did not talk after yesterday's game. It's very rare when we don't even talk or text after a game. And I finally texted you about it 90 minutes after and we just swore at each other a couple times about how bad the Celtics were. You went to both games, you were there, you were in your seat, you've been going for 52 years. We were I think minus eight or 900 favorites to win the series. And they took huge leads in both games and blew the games. And yet game two felt way worse than way one What game? One. What was it like sitting there and watching the season unravel?


I, I agree. Game two was much worse than game one. You know, ironically the, like you said, we had 20 point leads in the third quarter of both games and in game one I think the crowd was so confident and you, you just could feel the confidence in the crowd. We're not gonna lose the 20 point lead. And of course we lost that lead game two. It was a very nervous crowd. And you've been at game games like that where you walk in the garden, people are late getting to their seats. Nobody's talking very much. You are looking up to see if Cing is playing. He's not in the starting lineup. Somebody says, no, he is not playing.


Da da da. He finally comes out, he looks like he's dead. Run over. He just looked terrible. He had no color in his skin. Super skinny. Well he's always skinny, but he, his coloring was off and he just looked like he's dealing with an illness and he had no strength. He, he just had no strength. Okay. Putting that aside, somehow were up by 20 in the third quarter right now. The Knicks, I thought played a terrible first half or they had really bad luck. They had a lot of shots that reed out in and out. And meanwhile, halftime comes, I look up at the scoreboard.


Jason Tatum first team, all NBA has two points. What the hell? He has two points. I didn't even notice him in the game. It, it's like he was the one who was out. Not ping. Alright, we come back, we get the big lead and I think it was third quarter we made a run. Nick is still not shooting. Well I think the coach took run out because he just went, he didn't have it for a while. Yeah. But go to the fourth quarter, suddenly we're up by 16. And I look up at the clock, there's eight minutes to go. And I remember this vividly. Tatum steals the ball. He comes running down the court with Brown two in one.


We're gonna go up by 18, right? Yeah. Throws it to brown, brown of course fumbles the ball and it goes out of bounds. And and that was the game to me. I'm watching Jason Tatum with two points at the halftime shooting three after three, once again in the fourth quarter. And I'm watching Jalen Brown turnover after turnover. We've missed 13 straight shots in that fourth quarter. And our defense sunk it. It it's like the air went outta the balloon. We kept missing shots. The Knicks would come down and they took very good shots. Yeah. You know, we were taking terrible shots.


And you've, you've been to this kind of game where Brown and Tatum, eight minutes to go, they start dribbling the ball at the perimeter. Yes. It's the plan with your food offense. Yes. It's the isolation. Yes. You look up at the clock. 'cause I kept looking up at the clock. Five or six seconds left. One of them makes a move too late, another missed shot. 13th Street, miss shots. The Knicks come down, they're moving the ball really fast. Their pace was excellent. The ball's going around, they get the open guy, they make not a three 'cause their three point shooting was iffy, but they get good shots near the rim.


It, it would just, the second game was much more frustrating than the first game because it was such a must need game we couldn't afford to lose last night. But the, I think the craziest part of it is the Knicks had, I think their worst offensive game just by offensive rating of the entire season. Yeah. They played pretty well, especially Brunson was really good down the stretch of game one and thought they really took the game. The one last night was just all self-inflicted wounds. Some very strange coaching, which I'm excited to talk about. Well, I, and I wanna call, talk about the coaching. Yeah. Are you, did you demote, is Joe second row Joe again? Well, you know, I don't get it.


He, he's, he got greatly outcoached and I'm not a tips fan either. Yeah. You know, I think he runs his, although he used his bench pretty well in games one and two. But I don't know, are we going to coaching? No, let's, we'll go backwards because, okay. I mean there's a couple things, a couple big pictures thing here. First of all, I can't remember a Celtics playoff thing like this. I was trying to think of a series where I just think they have clearly a better team and history would show because no team has ever blown 20 point leads I don't think in the same playoffs, much less back to back in the same playoff games.


It's felt like they were getting all the shots they wanted and they just missed open shots. There was that screenshot somebody had that was going around social media of Tatum in the corner with like three 40 left Brown's under the basket and Brunson's fell down. He is on the ground. Right. And Tatum just has a wide open 25 footer. He caught could've also just passed it to Brown. And it was a brick, but it was turning in, I don't know what it felt like being in the, in the building. It felt like every time we took a three, I didn't think it was going in. I did not think it was going in. But also you, you gave a great example of that total fourth quarter, we never made the extra pass. Right. Which is when this team gets into trouble.


Each guy wanted to make the hero shot and make the lead larger. You know, because we, I think we had 12 point leads starting on that fourth quarter. It was 73, 53 at one point. Then it was 16 points in the fourth quarter and the Knicks weren't playing well. Right. You know, and just, there's some strategy stuff I wanna talk about later. But fundamentally this, these two Tatum games were just atrocious. And it's weird because, you know, then all this stuff starts up again today about, he's not actually a superstar in the national media can come in that isn't watching the isn't watching the whole season. They're not there week after week watching what we saw. I really bought in, I thought he went up a level, we talked about it a bunch. Like there was a level of dissection and kind of artistry to what he was doing the last four months of the season and Orlando game where I really felt like he was solving equations on the fly.


He was making the right plays. He could be point forward, he could score. He had just figured out the balance. And I, I really believed he had figured it out. And then the guy that we watched, especially in game two, was the guy from the 2020 playoffs and the 2022 later in the playoffs. Like it was like he reverted. Right. And you said you thought it was the worst game you'd seen him play in person in a couple years, right? Yeah. A little bit worse probably than game one. Yeah. Both games were, both games were horrendous. Tatu games. You, you know, you remember the, it was the last basket we made. We went by one point and Tatum went straight down the middle, went to the basket.


Right. Okay. We attacked it. That middle, that middle was open all game long. And in game one he Just wouldn't do it. You know? Yeah. He, he, he's stubborn. I understand that the coach is more stubborn, which is a real problem. But you know, even that three point shot, which he was wide open in the corner, I saw Brown underneath, wide open. Yeah. Take the two. We needed points. Right. We didn't need a three. We needed points. Yeah. But what's been weird about it is the whole year he was getting so good and I felt like it was getting better in real time over the course of the season of him being like, oh you're, if I can switch and get this guy on me, I'm gonna go right by him and get to the basket, or I'm gonna get to the paint or I'm gonna find, he started to develop that little shot around the foul line.


Right, right. That little 14 footer. And he, he was just really putting it together. And then this turned into the old, all the old Tatum habits came back. And I don't know whether you think it was pressure, like what was going on? Did the guys look nervous? What was happening? I, I wish I knew the answer. I that first half again, I never noticed Tatum, which is Yeah. He was getting rebounds. At least he, was he playing defensive Rebound? Oh no, he was getting rebounds. Yeah. I I I should give him that credit. You're talking about Bounds offensively you never noticed and involved. No, I mean he was getting defensive rebounds. Okay. Yeah. Of offensively He wasn't in the picture. Yeah. And they go to this stretch in the second quarter, which blows my mind.


They take Tatu out and they put Jalen Brown in charge. Yeah. You call it the Jalen Brown in charge minutes. Every dribbling out at the three point line, five seconds left. He makes his move. Yeah. In the shock qua. Or more often than not, it, it dribble off his knee and goes outta bounds. But he had a terrible game. He, I don't know how many turnovers he had. And the thing, well It was weird. It started to seem like he was gonna have a good game 'cause he was kind of punishing. He was trying to take heart down low early. Yeah. He was. And then by the end of the game, I, I think he, his stats ended up being awful. They were, but You know that he, that's my main, one of my main complaints.


Five. Yeah. Eight for 23. They Play a completely different game in the first three quarters. Yeah. Than, than in the fourth quarter. And this is very consistent. First three quarters, the ball is moving somewhat brown is going into the, at least trying to go to the hoop. Yeah. They're passing the ball a little bit. We, we had more assists than the Knicks in the first three quarters, the fourth quarter. It's isolation. It's, it's just like what we saw two years ago against Miami. Yeah. Or three years ago against Golden State. It's like they forget and, and, and I keep coming back to the coach. You know, you have a coach.


The coach, Oh wait, hold on. Hold off on the coach. Okay. It, it's hard. It's hard to hold off because this Was last year when the, when the opponents were a little easier before based on injury, luck, where the league was. Yeah. There were still some nut crunch games when you never felt totally comfortable offensively. And it was still a lot of this your turn my turn. Yeah. Things would get a little stagnant. The difference was Jalen, I thought there were a couple games when he just, athletically really seemed like he could get to the spots he wanted. He, he was really in com complete command and they had the Pingus piece too, where there, you know, they didn't have him in the entire Dallas series but, but he was this extra 18 to 20 bonus points you were getting.


But when I think back to last year, there was that Indiana game that you went to, that brown hit the three in the corner to send it to ot. That felt a little like these Knicks games where it was like, ah, yeah, we're getting stagnant again. And then we lucked out, got in overtime and then the other one was the one I went to in Dallas game three when Luca fouled out with five minutes left. And all of a sudden it was sitting there for Kyrie's gonna really kill us and bring this series back. This is like, this is where the last seven years have been leading to Kyrie bringing Dallas back and two one and we're gonna fall in all the bad habits. But then it actually held this Dallas off and won that game. And Brown had a couple of big plays and it was like, ah. Finally got over the hump and now it feels like we're back in the other side of the hump again with this team.


And that's the part I don't understand and we, we should be getting better. Not worse. Walking outta the stadium last night was worse than Monday night because at least Monday night we knew we had a game Wednesday night. Yeah. And we could tie the series, but there were so many people walking down the stairs. Well two things. So many people walking down the stairs saying Tatum didn't show up. You know. Yeah. Yeah. He got rebounds. But he, he never was in the offense. He never took charge or when he had the ball, all he wanted to do was dribble on the perimeter, you know, isolation, dribble on the perimeter. Yeah. He had five, five assists, five field goals.


Yeah. So he created, he created 20 points. And this is a guy who, when he's really humming, he's at like 28 points, right. Eight assists, 14 rebounds. And he's just kind of involved all over the game. And he wasn't, when you're Watching the game on tv, was it obvious to you that he only had not the number, but that it's possibly only at two points. At halftime, I actually liked how he was rebounding and kind of fighting and it felt like they were trying to establish Jalen. Then Poor Zingus came in. It's like we gotta try to get him going a little bit. Prichard took a bunch of shots and I thought maybe he was biting his time and that was the wrong instinct. Does first team all NBA guy fight his time in a, in a must win game?


It's a tough one for, I think a lot of the Celtic fans were really defensive about him this year. 'cause we were watching Game to Game. How good he was. Yeah. He had a great season. And, and Then the casual fans come in, are the people that aren't watching all the time and they see this version of it and they're like that that's why he got bench in the Olympics. This is, this is why he's not a superstar. This is why he is not at the same level. But then you watch like Yoic in game one against KC put up to 42, 22 and six. Right. You know, you watch Shaa respond in a game too. He is got 34 points in three quarters and it's like that's, that's the level, that's the swimming pool you're supposed to be in Buddy. It, It's a good point. When I came home, I watched the first half of the O KC game 'cause I couldn't go to sleep.


And I'm thinking, you know, Shaa showed up because he knew this was a game and he's an all NBA kind of guy. Yeah. Our, Our guy didn't at least offensively. Well it's tougher when they keep showing the two com you didn't see 'cause you were at the game. But they're Yeah, two commercials. They just keep showing at Tatum and then meanwhile he's sticky in the game. I mean there's some other issues that Robinson, the plus minus numbers with him have been really good when he is out there. I still don't understand why Tatum's not just getting him in a switch and then torturing him every time. I Don't Understand. Yeah. But he's been effective. And then McBride has been, he only had five points yesterday, but at least when they know they can put him out there and he is not gonna be bad.


So they have seven guys and as we know, you need seven guys in a playoff series to be able to win. And they have seven at least. Yeah. McBride had a good game. One. He was, He's okay. He, he wasn't very noticeable last night, But he's at least a body that they know they can throw out and they're playing all these other guys, you know, pretty big minutes. And then Heart is the kind of guy that has always hurt the Celtics. This version of the Celtics heart really Hurt us. Har consistently seemed to be on the weak side getting the rebound. Yeah. He's around the ball. This isn't especially without Pingus, it's kind of a group rebounding Celtics team and Tatum's the best rebounder on the team by far at this point. But the poor Zingus thing's a huge piece.


'cause it, it has that, it has that staggered effect of, it's not just bad that they're not getting the points and the extra minutes from him, but then it's pushing more minutes on Horford. Who, you tell me what he looked like in person. It looked like he was luggage last night. Yeah. He didn't have a very good game for sure. You know, he had a good series against Orlando. Against, against, but games one in games game one in game two last night. He looked tired and he looked his age and They putting all the big burden on him twice in three days. They did. They did. And you know, he, I think guarding towns, he gives up so much height to towns.


Yeah. Townsville just shoots over him and I think it influences his offense. His three point shot was off obviously. Oh. For five. And I think all of them were wide open. Tatum was one for five. You Know, I, I would've liked to have seen Prichard more. So That's that that's the, the coaching stuff. That was one of the things. Yeah. 'cause I noticed this in game one. I, you could talk me into the three guards with Tatum and Brown versus relying on Horford as much and making Tatum almost like the undersized center and trying to attack the Knicks that way. Because then it becomes, when they're trying to get a switch on Brunson, they're just trying to get Horford on Brunson. Every time you Pritchard out there, they're probably gonna settle on Pritchard Garden Brunson.


But I just like that matchup more. I do too. And then he gives them spacing on the other side that's just better than Horford. And I don't feel like they're losing, how many rebounds did Horford have yesterday? Four. You're not, you're not like losing, you're losing a little ri protection. That's it. Yeah. Well you know, especially in the fourth quarter last night we missed 13 straight shots. You know, some of them were shots. Shots. There was no Pritchard. Now Pritchard had a couple of shots in the first half. They rimmed out. Yeah, they rimmed out. But I would've liked to have seen him in there. You, you know what it's And no Hauser either, who sometimes have the two threes in the second quarter that Yeah. Haus a, we knew he was, we knew he wasn't gonna play.


But this fourth quarter over and over when Tatum Brown have the psyche to take over and play hero basketball. Yeah. They ignore it. They ignore Prichard. Yeah. I mean Prichard can be wide open and they're gonna do their own thing trying to get their shot off it in the first half. They don't, they'll pass it around and Pritcher will get more wide open shots. But Before we bring blame Missoula, do you take any blame for bringing your brother Don to this game? Because I can't say he's great luck over the years. I thought it was a bold move.


I dunno what the other choices were. But Don gets super tense during these games. Well it's, And I, I can't even imagine what he was like yesterday during this At eight, at the eight minute mark or eight, it was probably eight. Eight, almost nine minutes. I said to Don, Don we're up 16. It looks pretty good. But this is around the point Monday night. Yeah. Where And he said, no, we're in good shape. Oh no, he's Confident. Well I was watching with your favorite granddaughter and when we're up 73 to 53 and she's like, well they bounced back. And I'm like, just wait. I don't trust anything that's happening right now. Let's just wait. I don't feel good until, But even, even the crowd didn't trust the lead by the way.


You know, we've so many, we've been in so many games where, you know, game one, the crowd was so loud and confident last night we had the 20 point lead then it was a 16 point lead with almost nine minutes to go. Nobody was confident. Yeah. And they're acting like they're four. Yeah, I was trying to think before we talk about Missoula. I can't remember another Celtics playoff team since you had the tickets that I felt like was clearly better than the team they're losing to. Yeah. And I don't mean that as like sour grapes. Look, the Knicks like, we've seen this, this happens at football all the time. Like part of playing the games is this is why you play the games and somebody's gotta win and you can overachieve or you can just band together.


Like, and the Knicks made all the plays down the stretch and they deserve the two games. But this is also the worst the Celtics can play. And I don't remember the only, you know, I, I remember in 1973 have, which I hurt his shoulder and the series got blamed on that 1982 Tiny Hurt his Shoulder and they lost a Philly and Series got blamed on that. I don't even if you go back to like 2018 when they lost the game seven of LeBron that we went to and that nobody could make a shot. Right. And then you leave the thing and you're like, man, we couldn't make a shot. But they still had LeBron, they still had the best guy in the game. It was still amazing that the Celtics were in the game seven in the Eastern Conference finals that Miami game we went to in 23, the game seven when they came back after the White Miracle shot.


And then Tatum hurt his ankle like a minute in. Yeah. And the game flipped. Miami still kicked their ass and Butler was still really good and you know, and Tatum was hurt. Like there were reasons for it. I can't come up with reasons for this. I can't come up for this team that was built as this offensive machine that wins 75 to 80% of its games just shitting the bed like this two games in a row. I've never seen anything like it. I know some people are saying the Pingus illness is really hurting us and I agree with that. Yeah. It hurt us in the fourth quarter because we had no, we couldn't go to him. They had to take him out. He just, you could see he was struggling.


But it left us with Orford and Cornett. Cornett Cornett was out there with like four minutes left. He never plays that late. No. And you know What, Our defense in the last eight minutes of the fourth quarter was terrible. Yeah. It wasn't great. You know, we couldn't stop anybody, you know, couldn't Stop Mikhail Bridges, who I don't think took three shots in the first three and a half quarters of the game. And then all of a sudden they're running plays for him. I think he missed his first seven or eight shots. Yeah. And then all of a sudden he's their go-to guy. We can't, He six or 18 to finish the game. And I think he made three in a row down the stretch.


Yeah. Yeah. You know, Brunson is scary. I I have to say he's really scary. Yeah. When he has the ball, I'm assuming he's gonna score. He abused holiday on that last play to go ahead basket. 'cause you knew it was going to him. And usually I'm gonna trust Drew more than anybody in the league on that play. And he used Him. Yeah. I couldn't, obviously I didn't see replay. Did he? Was it a foul? I I couldn't see it. Yeah, It was A foul. Okay. Yeah. He, He kind of overcommitted to the move and then he grabbed him as he went behind. But, Well that leads me into something else. Okay. It was a foul, but a little bit earlier, twice in a row.


Coach job fouls their Senator. Can't explain that one. Can't explain it. I mean Yeah, I know he is a terrible free flow shooter, but they, They weren't in the bonus yet. We weren't In the bonus. We had two fouls. Two. Yeah. And then you get to the final two minutes and you get one foul and then the second foul and you're good to go. Yeah. But this wasn't the final two minutes. This. I know. Yeah. No, trust me. It, it made zero sense. I didn't understand it. I didn't understand what was happening. And we're just putting fouls on random Celtics for no reason. Especially like if you think ot, I'm looking at the, well I guess we had some fouls to give.


Nobody was in major foul trouble. But you know the, we had two fouls. We looked pretty good. It wasn't in the two minute period of time. No, it was three minutes left. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. So it made a difference. I didn't get it. And then he, so they run the plate of Tatum to go up one good play Nick score good play. And then he doesn't call time out and runs the exact same play. Yeah. Which the Nicks are like, oh you're gonna run this play again. We're gonna do this this time. And the spacing on that last play, somebody screenshotted it to me. It's one of the worst plays in the history of the Celtics franchise. You sent It, you sent it to me.


I saw it. Oh yeah, I sent it to you. Tatum goes left. He takes three guys with him. There's four other teammates on the court. Three are on the baseline and one is standing near him in the paint. So there's two nicks that just have to guard four guys and then three guys can jump on him. They have nobody come to the top of the key. White is just hanging on the baseline, but he is not cutting. And Tatum could have found him underneath the basket. And everybody's just kind of standing there. I don't even know what they're watching. And maybe that's why you don't take the time out and like, I'm sometimes don't call it time out, just go, you got the momentum of the thing. But coming off a free throw, I don't know. I'd, I'd rather, I'd much rather call it time out, save the three seconds bringing the ball up. Like they ended up taking the time outta the locker room.


You have to take the time out. You get the ball at half court. You've saved, as you said, at least three seconds. But you know, you just, you you mentioned how White wasn't cutting. Why would he cut? You knew Tatum wasn't gonna give the ball up. Right. He, he won't give the ball up at that moment. You know, it's, it's like his Achilles heel over and over and over at the end of the fourth quarter, he won't give the ball up. And there are guys open, obviously there. I saw the same thing you saw. And I would add Pritchet out there. I would've too. I would've especially, I would've called time out. I would've done a final play with the three guards. Tatum and Brown had better spacing and really tried.


This is your whole season is on the line. Your down one, the whole Season's on the line in all of the great practices they have at the Albe arena, don't they have that one play where they, we we call it time out. We need two points. We have a play they haven't seen before. Yeah. And let's, let's use it right now. Well they have, There's, you know, one of the plays they run from time to time that I always really like is when they penate 'em on the Fallon. Yeah. And they almost like lobb it lobb the ball into him. And then basically he has this foul line post up that he can either spin, try to go to the basket, get fouled, then he is a good free throw shooter. Yeah, I agree. I'd much rather have, and then you have the right spacing around him.


It's really tough for a second guy to jump over. Then if a second guy comes over, now he can kick it out to somebody. But, you know, after watching a Missoula for three years, did you expect him to call a timeout? No. I think the best quality that he has is also the worst quality. Like he, he, he likes the test. He likes seeing, he likes It wasn't, wasn't the game For the test. No, but I'm saying but you know what I mean, he like, he likes when his team is challenged. Like I'm sure he was watching the game yesterday, like this is great. This is gonna make us better down the road. That somebody throwing, throwing haymakers at us like this. I know. But now they're down oh two in the series and now you're playing also it's a sat it's a Saturday afternoon game.


It's at three 30. Et that's, it's just a weird time. That's fine. In February, Joe. Yeah. You know when you wanna have the test, but call the time out, set up that special play that you haven't used and pin pin Tatum at the foul line area. Well also protect the lead. This is something I talked on Sunday's pod with Priscilla about Game seven, golden State Houston. Every time Houston started a crawl back, Kurt called a timeout and he just controlled. He was just like, you guys can crawl back. But I'm not giving you the momentum of like an eight Oh run a nine Oh run.


It's never happening. Yeah. Every time I feel like anything's happening, I'm cutting it off. And the Celtic that's way more there. I hate to use this word 'cause in in the wrong context. It's, you know, it's a little insulting. But there's been an arrogance to the Celtics team that comes out at the worst possible times where it's like, this is who we are. We shoot threes, we don't need a timeout. We j we can just get Tatum going to the basket. We're just gonna play Horford. 'cause this is what we do down the stretch. And I really think Pritchard should have been out there for at least one of those games over Harford. Well I agree with you. There is an arrogance. If, if you listen to a Missoula's press conferences after the game, after a loss, he'll, he'll point out the positives.


He, he uses the word margins all the time. The margins here, we won three of the four quarters. You know, Belichick used to do the same thing. Right. It doesn't matter. You lost game Trust the process. Yeah. Gotta, Gotta gotta keep going. Gotta gotta be on game three. Yeah. You know we, in the two games, I know you know this, it's AFA to me. We shot 103 point shots in two games. I know 60 in game one and 40 in game two. We made 25 of them that that's not a recipe for success. And I thought the biggest sin of either game was the last two minutes. A game one when, when especially Tatum was just jacking up, threes over trying to get to the basket, just trying to get in the paint.


Including that one he took with like a minute left. Yeah. That was just awful as he was taking it and he had Mitchell Robinson on him and he can just go by that dude every time. And we've watched him, what was the regular season four? This is what he learned during the regular season is just go buy those big guys. You're gonna be able to get by them, finish at the rim. He's also blowing layups too. We, we blew A bunch of layups yesterday. We did. And a bunch of layups in Game one. Derek White missed that. So That's the question because like FanDuel has the Celtic still favored in the series. Right. And the question is can is are they really gonna shoot that badly a couple more times? I feel like the Knicks are gonna have at least one game out of these next five where they're awesome, you know, and towns goes seven for 10 from three or, or Brunson has 45 points.


They're gonna, they, the Knicks have a good game in them that they're gonna win. So at the very least you're looking at a seven gamer, they have to win one of the next three, the Celtics or they go home and then you got it with three in a row. Basically. The one thing I people are, I'm hoping for, I guess we've been a very good road team this year. We, we've been, I'd say better road than the home. Oh. Much better road team than home team. Which makes no sense. 'cause last year in the championship year, we're a great home team. Yeah. But we fiddled and did until the playoffs, you know, to use that term. We, we played around too much this year at home.


And the lineups have been kind of weird at times. I just thought we'd pull it together. The first two, I, I really was confident that this was such a must win game. There was no way we would let the Knicks go up to nothing. Well, so there's a couple other things in stake. Big picture that we just have to acknowledge. The, the Knicks, New York, the Celtics have won all these titles. The nickel Nicks haven't won one in 52 years. The Knicks have the last kind of great playoff moment they had against the Celtics. Was that 1990 game that you and I went to when Bird missed the dunk and Ewing hit the three in the corner?


Yeah, they're, they had some good ones in the early seventies. They won a couple series. The 84 Bernard versus Larry, it's Celtics win that one in Game seven. But then there's this whole, a lot of Knicks fans are also Yankee fans and there's really since the oh four, the comeback and now it feels like the Knicks knocked the Celtics outta nowhere, whether they're doing four or five. And now all of a sudden the Knicks Knicks fans and the New York fans and we know a lot of them all of a sudden get their swagger back. I'm dreading that more than anything. Even though I like the new Fans. I, I tell you a quick story from last night's game. One really annoying you and I know the Celtics draw really well on the road.


Yeah. And it's probably annoying to those teams in Dallas or wherever. Yeah. Okay. It was really annoying last night to see how many Nick fans were there at the game. It, it's obvious that after game one, a lot of season ticket holders sold their seats for game two. 'cause you had the, the blue and the orange, the, the terrible those colors that you notice all over the arena. And then walking out in the stairs, there were Nick fans chanting and there was a, a pretty huge Celtic fan who went up to one of them and said, you say one more word and you're going down the stairs. And that was the end of it. Oh no.


Yeah. So the Nick guy kind of ran quickly down the stairs and get outta there. I mean the Celtic fans were really upset. Yeah. And there were too many Nick fans chanting it. It was terrible. And then, and then the fire sounds fun. Walk home. No. And then the fire alarm went off. Oh Yeah, yeah, yeah. It was bizarre. The, the whole ending of the game was bizarre. When you left, did you think you were gonna see the Celtics team again? Yeah. I thought I'd see them game five, possibly down three to one. Yep. I knew, I knew my son wouldn't be there, but I, I I, it would, I, I cannot believe we won't take one of two games in New York.


But I dunno The, the early start on Saturday, I don't know if that's good or bad. The crowd's gonna be great, but the, the good thing for the Celtics is there's gonna be a lot of money in that arena. And it might be a lot of, may maybe not, won't be as quite as raucous of a crowd as normally There's a specific referee we'd like for Saturday afternoon. Not Mark Davis. Who's gimme your top three referees. You don't wanna see, I dunno, Your guy foster's back. Yeah, we haven't seen him. He was Injured for two months. Oh, is that why? Yeah. Okay. Yeah. I'd like to see him because he's good with your road team on the line. Yeah, he's Good. When you're down to the series.


Yeah. It's Scott Foster On. Great to see you Scott Foster on. So if they blow this series, do you feel like this then gets tied into last year and people start the whole thing of, well the only reason you won last year was 'cause everyone was hurt and you got lucky and then the league got better this year and you didn't show up. I do feel like it opens, I don't personally believe them, but it opens these storylines. Tatum. See this is why he got benched Now. All this bad shit comes out of this. Yeah, it does. I mean you, you're gonna have some of, well they won last year despite the coach, the coach lets them shoot 103 point shots in two games. When they're not making the shots, doesn't, doesn't make adjustments at all during the game.


They Have no plan B, they don't no plan B get creative at all. Doesn't call it time out and say, Hey guys, we're just not shooting. Well, could we go to the basket? Yeah. Is that too much to ask? Or you brought up a critical point before when the other team is making a run call a time out, stop the momentum. We don't do that. And then not taking the time out last night. I understand his philosophy, you know, we're in the moment maybe except it was, it was a made free throw. It's Coming up for free throws though. You call time out at that point. I think. Yeah, you do. It wasn't like the Knicks missed a shot and we had the momentum going down. You know what you definitely don't do is don't call a time out and then run the exact same play.


Even tapes in the press conference after was like, yeah, we figured they were probably gonna try to run that play again. It's like, yeah, I bet you did. Do you blame the new owner Bill Chisholm? No, but you know, how did they call, they didn't call a timeout. So how can we run the exact same play? Who, who told Tatum to do that again? I dunno. Well, and if you're gonna run the same play, you have to have somebody's gotta pop up to the top in case he gets trapped or doubled. He Didn't run the same. He maybe he thought he was gonna run the same play, but the middle got clogged and he ended up in the left almost out of bounds area. I couldn't even see him. He was so far out on the left. Do You have the proper animosity for the Knicks after watching them two games?


Or is it like a likable opponent? No, I, it's a likable, I mean, I have no animosity. They, they've play, they've played clean. I had admire, you Remember like Orlando was rubbing your last nerve there? Yeah, After a couple games. I thought they played dirty, but I don't think the Knicks played dirty. I'll say that. I didn't realize how good heart is. Yeah. He, he's made such a difference for them. He's, he keeps the momentum going. He gets that rebound. They have to have, he makes a key shot in the corner. So he's impressed me. Brunson has always impressed me. That guy is, I can't believe Dallas gave up on that guy.


I didn't resign him. Them towns pisses me off because he, he's got body language I hate. Yeah. And, and we without Pingus, we're having trouble when they have the two bigs in. Yeah. They have their two bigs in and we have Cornet and Orhan in it. It doesn't quite match up well. Yeah. But that's where you need Tatum to basically point center it a little bit or Well, and Tatum got, you know, he is getting defensive rebounds. Yeah. But it's not helping us scoring at all. Well, we'll see, this is certainly this Tatum era are confident. You Think we're come back to too, This is the first time I honestly don't know what to think because they took all the shots I normally took and none of them went in and they just shit the bed.


Two games in a row in the last four minutes. And each of them just might have been these separate flukes that exist next to each other or something's wrong. Yeah. And the only thing that makes me nervous is the, the Ingas thing's a real thing because that's, that there Yeah. There's just a, you know, it's a domino effect of not just that, but the extra who for minutes. Then you don't have Hauser. So the rotation all of a sudden got thinner. And now when the rotation's that thin, if Tatum's gonna suck in a game now it feels like three times worse because not a lot of backup options. You know, I thought, yeah, We Drew and white played like they were playing pretty hard in that game. It's not, I don't, I don't expect a ton more from those guys. And I think Jaylen's 85%, you watched him all year.


He's not as explosive as he was in November. He's pretty, no, maybe not, but 90%. I don't, I don't think that's what hurt him last night. It's the consistent issue he has with bad hands. Yeah. You know, when, when they blew that two on one layup, you know, and they clapped each other, you know. Yeah. He can't do that in a, in a critical game too. All right. So you're confident or you think it's over? I Don't think it's over. 'cause I think we're a really good road team. I, it, it will not shock me if we take both games in New York, but I'd hate to see us lose Saturday and then we're in the same boat we were two years ago against Miami.


Miami thing. Yeah. And to come back and win four straight, it's, no one's ever done it Right. In basketball. I just can't believe, I think believe we got here. I can't believe we're here. You know, I, and everybody, it's funny Though. I wasn't even that mad last night I was. 'cause you know, they won last year. So you gotta factor that in. It's like, all right, keep it in perspective. We did win the title last year, but I, I was, I was more confused. I was just like, I don't, I just spent six months watching this team. Right. What is happening? It was one of those, it was like if you're just watching TV with your wife and then all of a sudden she starts speaking another language and you're like, what's going on?


That, that was how I felt for both games. Like, whatcha are you guys doing? Yeah, that I understand that. And I felt somewhat the same way, but consistently, the last eight minutes of the fourth quarter, we don't play the same way. Yeah, yeah. Right. As the first 40 minutes or whatever. And I don't, I don't understand why. And the only person I can point my finger at is the coach. You know, coach, these are players. They need some direction. If they're shooting too many threes or not going into the basket, make them go to the basket. Sounds like you're gonna demote them. It's a second row again. Yeah. Nah, I need to be care.


I need to be careful here, Dad, I'm gonna see you For Game seven, Monday night, May 19th. I'll be here. Save my seat. Good to see you. Alright too. Talk to weekend. Bye. Alright, that's it for the podcast. Thanks to Big Wa and how, thanks to my dad. Thanks to Eduardo and Geal as well. You can watch this as a video podcast on Spotify every single time. We'll be live with Illa on Sunday on YouTube. Check out my Bill Simmons YouTube channel. Check out the Star Wars re watchable. Don't forget, we got Death Wish coming on Monday on the re watchable. Enjoy the weekend. I might not be enjoying it. I guess we're gonna find out. I will see you on Sunday.


Must be 21 plus in President Select states for Kansas and affiliation with Kansas Star Casino or 18 plus in president dc. Gambling problem, call 100 GAMBLER. Visit rg help.com. Call 1 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org/chat in Connecticut. Or visit md gambling help.org in Maryland. Hope is here. Visit gambling help line ma.org or call 803 2 7 50 50 for twenty four seven. Support Massachusetts, or call 1 8 7 7 8 Hope NY or Text Hope NY in New York.


This episode is brought to you by LinkedIn. Every basketball team that's still alive in the playoffs has one thing in common. Their key trades in signings throughout the season, paid off throughout giving each team the talent needed to make a run at the championship. With a small business, your success directly depends on the new talent you add to your team. And a great place to find that talent is LinkedIn. They know hiring is a big deal for small businesses, not only because small business are wearing so many hats, but also because every hire is crucial for a growing company. That's why LinkedIn pairs you with the best candidates using data you won't find anywhere else from unique skills and interests to the connections you have in common. LinkedIn also lets you go beyond candidates who are actively applying in a given week. 171 million LinkedIn members aren't actively seeking jobs, but they are open to new opportunities. That's a big pool to miss out on. So find your next grid. Hire on LinkedIn. Post your job for free at LinkedIn dot com slash simmons. That's LinkedIn dot com slash simmons to post your job for free terms and conditions apply.


This episode is brought to you by MICHELOB ULTRA. What do I look forward to every BA playoffs season? Well, I'm always hoping the Celtics do well. I'm always hoping we have great storylines. Great games, great matchups, great game sevens. I just hope for good basketball. But the NBA playoffs, they're even better with Michelob Bocher, the official beer partner of the nba. Plus, they're getting fans closer to the game with a chance to win courtside tickets and more. Enter now at michelob bocher.com/courtside. MICHELOB ULTRA superior access. Courtside 2024 to 25 sweepstakes no purchase necessary. Open to US residents. 21 or older ends on July 1st, 2025, multiple entry periods. Visit michelob bocher.com/superior access slash courtside for free entry. Entry. Deadlines and official rules, message and data rates may apply void. Where prohibited.