
This is Danny Heitz here to remind you that it's never too early to start thinking about football. Join me with Danny Kelly and Craig Beck on The. Ringer Fantasy Football show all off season As. we dive into the biggest news and topics are in the 2024 NFL season. Also, we probably get into really stupid arguments too. That's The Ringer Fantasy Football Show on Spotify.


This episode is brought to you by Michelob ULTRA. Michelob ULTRA good for many things. Camping barbecues cheering on your favorite team. Hanging out on a nice summer night, which I just did actually on Friday night. Just sitting outside just having a beer And. guess what? Michelob. ULTRA because they sent me a bunch of Michelob ULTRA and it's really good And. there were only a couple left and I was mad. 'cause every time we put it in the fridge, somebody drinks it, but it was delicious. Be sure to stock up for the summer. Enjoy Michelob Bal ULTRA Superior Light Beer. Order a Pack of mlo Bal ULTRA today. Have it delivered through doordash.com. LDA A 21 and up.


This episode is brought to you by State Farm. State Farm. State Farm helps you score an affordable price when you choose to bundle home and auto insurance with the personal price plan. Bundling home and auto. That's a pro move. Just another way you can save on your insurance needs. Talk to a State Farm agent today to learn how you can bundle and save with the personal price plan like a good neighbor. State Farm is there. Prices are based on rating plans that vary by state coverage. Options are selected by the customer availability. Amount of discounts and savings and eligibility vary by state.


We're also brought to by The Ringer. Podcast Network, where I hope you're listening to all of our awesome podcasts about sports and culture. I hope you're listening to the re watchable. We've been slamming 'em up all through the month of July. We did True Lies last week. We have no way out this week. you can watch all of the new videos in the episodes that we've been recording on The, Ringer movies, YouTube channel, and we've been putting up old episodes too, that we found some video stuff that we never put up. Like we put up Hoosiers with me and Ryan Illa. We put up the YouTube video of that last week. you can also find videos from this podcast on my YouTube channel. Bill Simmons. Just search for me. You'll find it. I'm right there.


I took last week off, I'd always been planning on doing a podcast this week. I wanna talk Olympic basketball, which we're gonna do later. I wanted to talk about Heat two with fantasy and Chris Ryan. We're gonna do that later, but this is a pretty big, pretty big day month, four week stretch air in American history and President Biden dropped out today. So at the very top we're gonna talk to Tara Paul Mary from Puck News, as well as the Somebody's Gotta Win podcast. That's with Puck and The Ringer. We collaborate on that one. And Bryan Curtis from the press box who I've been working with since the Grantland days. And he's been with us at The Ringer from the beginning. So the three of us are gonna talk about what happened today with Joe Biden, where things are going. And just try to put in perspective the last four weeks, which are about as crazy of a stretch that I can remember at American politics.


After that, we'll talk USA basketball and we'll talk some heat too. So an Action Pack podcast here on a Sunday. First our friends from Pearl Jam. All right, we're taping this Sunday noon pt. I swear we were gonna do some version of this, but now Joe Biden dropped out of the presidential race for 2024. Bryan Curtis is here from the press box. We've been working together forever. Tara Paul Mary is here.


She Host these, somebody's gotta win podcast for us. She also writes for Puck News. She's doing a great job covering the election. I'm gonna start here. Curtis. Craziest four week stretch of politics since you've been alive. Yes, I think I'm, I'm pretty good on saying that. I mean, it's been three and a half, right? Since Biden tanked the debate. Yes. Maybe the wrong word to use on The. Bill. Simmons Podcast. But Biden had a bad debate, Right, Right. Then we have the attempted assassination of Donald Trump in Pennsylvania and now here we sit that Joe Biden has dropping outta the race in such sudden fashion that the news anchors didn't even have somebody ready to talk about it.


I think Tara and I were both on the list of people they were about to call if you know the backup to the backup to the backup didn't pick up the phone. I think Bakari was ready. He was just in a suit all day. Just in case I saw him on CNN really fast. Yeah, you in that four week stretch, you left out. So the debates on June 27th, complete chaos. Biden goes on the hot seat. That's the next few days. The Democrats start turning on each other, which terror's been covering nonstop. Then Trump the assassination attempt, which is eight days ago and feels like it was 17 weeks ago. We get all the conspiracy theories, all the worst of the internet immediately pops out. We get, is Biden now in or out?


Was he gonna be out or not? We get Trump picking a VP and all of a sudden the convention, we get the speech, we get the in or out stuff with Biden and then today we get Biden dropping out. Were you surprised, Tara? I just knew it was a matter of time. Like it was, I was warned by my sources, like if this is a war between Nancy Pelosi and Joe Biden, she'll win. She's like a true knife fighter and this may be death by a thousand cuts, but he will end up falling. And just, I was talking with a Senior Hill Source who kept me like really up to date from the highest levels and they were like, it just became unbearable. Like too many straws on him and he's just, he just as in the last straw, it was just too many. And he's, he had to and So, it was more delay tactics and I would never say that Covid was delay, but few more days.


And you know, Netanya leaders on foreign policy. So this would give him another opportunity. His wife is gonna, for the First lady, Jill Biden is gonna Paris for the opening of the Olympics. Like it just felt like they were choosing one event after another to keep this going. And you had Chuck Schumer go to Delaware about a week ago and tell him like, Hey, it's time to get out. And I was told that if he didn't drop out soon, it was gonna get increasingly uglier this week. And I'm talking about electeds on the hill continuing to come out against him. He had 10 in just the past weekend. Senators like Brown John, tester of Montana, it was just gonna become a flood because Nancy Pelosi was not there anymore to stop the leaks.


And neither was Schumer. They were just like, do what? You must go for it. And and Biden was under siege and he, you know, he doesn't make decisions very quickly. He had his back up against the wall. He was in his bunker. He was furious thinking that this was all orchestrated by Obama. And Pelosi may not be completely off on that one, but eventually I think he realized like the damage was done. If you can clip so many ads off of the members of his own party saying he shouldn't run. And, and, and the actually, I really think though this morning that poll in Michigan, that public poll, I agree, showed him 10 points down, sorry, seven points down from Trump in a head-to-head race.


I mean I don't think that's recoverable and you need to win Michigan. Like you need to win or Pennsylvania, you need the blue wall as a Democrat to win. If you've lost that, it's almost impossible. So I do think that that Michigan poll may have been exactly the data he was looking for. I had the same reaction. That was the first thing I woke up to today, west Coast time. And I was one of the first things I saw and I was like, Ooh, seven points. That's a lot. Brian Tara had on our podcast a few days ago, one of the points raised was that the recourse the Democrats had if they wanted to get Biden out was just to leak everything. And you know, we already had somebody videotaped the Zoom, which somebody had, puck got the, got the actual video recording thing and it was just, it hits the point where any conversation he has with basically anybody outside his very tight inner circle is just gonna get leaked.


'cause they all want him out. Can you ever remember, 'cause you, you, for us, you span sports, you span culture, you span politics. Can you ever remember a situation like that where somebody was in charge, literally everyone around him was a leak threat? It's been, it's been pretty amazing. I mean look, politics is terribly the first to tell you there's a lot of sources that are on background and necessarily on background. But what's been so interesting is the Schumer meeting that she mentioned. Right? It doesn't really get the job done face-to-face. So then a couple of days later we hear about the Schumer meeting and that is the way to get the job done, right? It's not just the leak, but it's the strategic leak because the face-to-face encounter with the very stubborn and reluctant commander in chief isn't working.


Yeah. And that just particular element, again, I know that's happened in Washington a lot, but to happen at this level and to happen with Joe Biden who has that famously, you know, tight-lipped, we hear over and over again. Inner Circle has been really, really amazing to watch. It feels like all these little mini chapters that normally would come out in the book at the end of the election have just been spooling out in real time. Yeah. And this may be the last time we have to read the, you know, phrase, the mood in the White House was grim or the mood in the Delaware beach house was grim. Yeah. Because we feel like we've been reading that now for three weeks in a row. And also just to, to go on to what Brian was saying, his inner circle too is fraying.


You start, like in my late latest piece, a source close to the inner circle says Anita Dunn is no longer a part of the inner circle because she's taken a lot of flack for being a part of his inner circle. You notice that there's just breaking apart, actually it reminds me of covering the Trump White House because when I covered the Trump White House, there were leaks all the time during the, during every moment because it was pure chaos. Everyone wondering if he was going to hang out from moment to moment to moment. And the weird thing is, is that on this campaign, there were really not that many leaks coming outta Trump's campaign. It's a much more professional, loyal, tight operation. And it's been this weird shift to see Biden world leaking like a sieve.


And, and everyone in Biden world, like you would see the interpersonal clashes in Trump world, there was always people fighting. He had two chiefs of staff basically at that at the beginning with Ryan's Prius and Steve Bann and they were constantly waring the factions. And now Biden world has factions and that's when you know it's bad. Right? Well and you had Tim Alberta on a couple, couple podcasts ago, but he wrote that great piece about the Trump campaign, the one he's running this time versus what it was eight years ago, four years ago. Which I thought was really interesting. The, the Biden inner circle piece, it really seemed by the end it was just his wife and his son. And that was what everybody was saying. Those are the two people he is listening to. And then it, it comes down to this something that you see over and over again with people as they're trying to hold on their last pieces of power and they're just turning into voices who are personally invested in them keeping that power.


Right. So for him, his wife wants to stay the first lady, it's great to be the first lady, right? The son who has some legal issues coming probably wants him to be president for all the obvious reasons, but they're just saying, no, no, no, it's fine, it's fine. Don't list. They're trying to bring you down. And this ties into Brian, this whole kind of underdog thing that Biden's had forever where he's always been the one counted out, he's always been rallying back. And you can see like even if he's a little bit diminished these days, which I think we can all agree that he is like, he's still kind of sliding into that underdog role. It's almost like a WWE wrestler. Oh, this is my gimmick, this is my shtick, I'm the underdog who nobody believes in me, I'm gonna fight back.


I did it in South Carolina in 2020 and it's just, he's not that guy anymore. It's totally right. Shoemaker texted me the other day and he said, Biden's trying to run a, nobody believed in this campaign, Right? The problem was it included. No, no Democrats either. And yeah, you know, none, none of the kind of, you know, liberal media people that Democrats count on, at least in the Trump era, you know, supporting the party, right? And, and sort of being opinion leaders in that phrase. Yeah, I think that the hunter Biden part of this is fascinating because you know, we, we read a little bit of last, you know, 24, 48 hours. Like here's somebody who has needless to say, a very complicated relationship with his father and suddenly here he is at his father's elbow when his father is facing the ultimate political crisis when they're trying to push him off the ticket, the them being the Democrats.


And he's the one going, no dad, don't do it. Right. Let's stick tough, let, let's stay here. I mean that is an absolutely fascinating human story outside of all of the things that are happening in American politics right now, Tara, one of the things I heard was that Biden, especially with like these three, four days off as he's trying to figure out am I gonna stay in, am I gonna leave? What should be my strategy? And people that he trusts mean he probably is running out of people that he trusts at this point, but they're telling him, if you are gonna stay in, you've gotta go all out. You've gotta do a media blitz. You almost have to be like somebody who's like Tom Cruise promoting the new Mission Impossible movie.


You've gotta be absolutely everywhere, constantly trying to prove to people that you actually are super confident that you're actually are sharp on your feet. That this is all like people just trying to, you know, they're misinterpreting stuff. Like you can actually do this, you've gotta get out there and really do it. And obviously he can't. But that was, I think the only way he could have stayed in because all the polls, all the evidence the Democrats turned against him, there was really no other way to make up ground unless he proved that people are wrong about him. And I don't think they were. What do you think of that theory? Yeah, I agree. I mean the thing is that every time he did do another interview, Lester Holt last Monday, it feels like a lifetime ago, but it was literally just six days ago.


Yeah. It was not a strong performance. You know, he went on, I think he went on BET the next night another time, not a strong performance. Like it's not like he was coming out there and hitting it out the gate. I know he does well on teleprompter and he had a few good rallies and he had people literally chanting like, stick it out, stick it in. Like stay in there, stay with us. Yeah. And, and I'm sure that sort of gave him some hope and morale, but like at the end of the day, no one was feeling different. And, and I know from my sourcing that they were feeling like, oh you know, not enough people watch the George Stephanopoulos interview. It's not stemming the bleeding. What do we do? What do we do? And at one point they even considered doing a national address because they needed to force the cameras on Biden so that he could get enough eyeballs.


I think the point is, is that everyone watched that debate and you're not get that visual outta your mind. You're not get the what happened. you can can't convince the voters at that point to think differently about him. And I don't, I don't think a blitz would've changed it. He basically prolonged the inevitable for about a a month. I dunno that it did the party much good either. And now they're in this situation where they've gotta figure it all out. I mean he endorsed Kamala Harris. What does that mean though? Do delegates go to her mean He did a statement first and then he did the endorsement of her afterwards. Almost like either it was left out in intentionally or he forgot to do it. I don't know what the other reason why wouldn't that have been in the statement?


And it doesn't have the same gravity being in a statement versus being in a tweet. It's also just very weird. And I'm to to see him putting out a white paper at 2:00 PM Eastern time. I know earlier for you announcing his withdrawal. I mean, I just, it to me it seemed a bit odd. I would think that there would be, you know, You would gone like YouTube, YouTube channel selfie, like him just doing like a power walk with the phone out. I, I dunno, I think maybe doing like a, a national dress, which I guess he's gonna do later. Yeah. But I dunno, it just seemed, and on a Sunday I thought Maybe it would be on. I agree. I thought it was weird too. Why not just leak out that he's dropping out and then do this statement after? How would you handle to Brian?


Well, I do, I do wonder if this whole speaks to just how many, how few people are around him right now. You know, that that to me looked like the best we could do with five people around us not wanting, you know, the larger part of the White House apparatus or the Democratic party apparatus to know before we announced it. You know, very short. Some of those sentences in there were kind of written like Biden talks. They were not written in, well, shall we say, formal presidential English. Yeah. It was just like a very interesting letter. And you know, I don't know if the, the sort of the twofer of I'm out, I'm endorsing Kamala. If that was him thinking that these are two separate decisions that he just wanted to Just, maybe he just assumed Yeah, because she's my VP and we got all the delegates and the money together that naturally, but, oh wait, maybe I should actually just say that.


Well, I don't, I don't think he forgot. I just think he probably thinks that of this as two different things. Right? These are, yeah, this is a huge decision for me to leave the presidential race in late July. It's also a huge decision for me to do this. And maybe I'll just put them in two different statements. Why That makes sense. I don't know. But Think that's a thing. I think would've, we would've maybe advised them against that one. Yeah. I think you just add a line in there saying, and I endorse my vice president who I believe in, you know? Yeah. The party and the election is in great hands. And one more thing. Yeah. By PS isn't it weird? Brian and I are big like history buffs and it's weird, you know, growing up, especially when I was in my biggest political science history phase, like in college and after college, and you would read about some of the stuff that happened before you were alive, right?


You'd read about like the Kennedy Nixon debate and just what a transformative important moment that was for everybody. Like in the moment how something shifted. And then just people write about that and talk about it. A TV candidate. Yeah. And then, and you see the video and Nixon looks sweaty and you're like, oh man, that must have been crazy. And you, and some of the awful stuff that happened in the sixties, like, oh Jesus, can you imagine being there for that? And then you just think of all the stuff that happened in the last four weeks and it's this big consequential stuff that people will be teaching in history classes and they'll be writing about in books. And all of it was just happening in a row. And it, it was like in this content cycle that Brian and I are in with sports and culture and everything else where it's like, you know, where's DeMar de Rosen going?


And then Oh yeah. And this is also happening and happen. I don't know. I I just feel like I I Brian, I feel like I couldn't wrap my head around it. Like, just like the, the weightiness of some of this stuff. Oh my God. Absolutely. I mean it, it, it all felt, and again, and this is an election, you know, that we were told was, was gonna be kind of boring, you know, for, for a couple months and right at at least was very baked in. Right? Here are two very familiar candidates. And then as you say, that whole thing starts three and a half weeks ago. But yeah, that, that, that, you know, and it's also been Bill, we should add for political reporters. This is what they have been lusting after my, the entire time I've been in journalism. Right. Like an open convention. We gotta do it like Jack Germond did back in the day. You know, it's like sports writers where you just feel, you just miss the golden age of sports riding.


Yeah. Riding on the plane with Muhammad Ali and drinking with Mickey Mantle at the bar after the game. Political Players, right. Flying, flying coach with, you know, John Ek. Totally. They feel, yeah, this is like Heroine. This, This is what it's, I mean I've Never done heroin, but I, this is as high as I've ever felt. Thank you for that political clarification. Yeah. I've never done heroin, but yeah, I mean, compared to the other, I imagine compared to the other elections, 'cause it's not like 2016 was like the most normal election, but this, I mean, this went from like kind of cruising along at its own pace and everybody thought they knew who the two candidates were, but then what were the last six weeks like, just to cover this terror.


It's just been wild. I mean, I, I think I, we spoke while I was trying to take a vacation, but I just couldn't, I mean, I was just right. I had to work. My phone died because I was using it so much and it was hard to resuscitate. But I, you know, I've been on this phone with my sources every single day, waking up in the morning. Like, for me, I hesitate to plan anything right now because I felt like something would happen at any moment. That was what I kept being told that things were gonna happen. So I've been in sort of a sense of standby for about the past month and, you know, sources coming outta nowhere. Just people that are on the campaign being like, can we please talk, you know, people who would reluctantly keep the company line, you know, and just this feeling of like, at any moment Biden is gonna step down and then just last week on Sunday, it's like you, it's like whiplash Trump is attempted.


There's an attempted assassination attempt on Sunday. Same Maybe it. Wow. You, you, you really have to just be ready for anything at any moment. And who's to say what's gonna happen next? I mean, yes, he has endorsed Kamala Harris, but who's to say that the full, you know, bench of the Democratic party, you know Wes Moore, Kamala, well Kamala Harris, right? Gretchen Whitmer, Gavin Newsom, JB Pritzker, Josh Shapiro, Mark Kelly. They don't all come out there right now saying, I'm running against Kamala. Like, that's a huge story too. And you've got the entire Democratic party figuring out, I mean, I'm texting with donors, they're like, we don't really know what's next.


We're trying to figure it out. I don't think that they're all settled on Kamala Harris. There's more drama to come and, and I, I don't, I'm afraid to sleep, truly. I dunno what's gonna happen next. Let's take a quick break and then I wanna talk about looking forward, what's gonna happen.


This episode is brought to you by one of my favorite things in life. NFL Sunday Ticket on YouTube tv because that time of year it's coming up again. NF NFL season. Oh yeah. And while it's still only the preseason, you don't wanna miss a moment With NFL Sunday Ticket and YouTube tv, it gives you access to the most live NFL games all in one place. Right now save $85 when you sign up for NFL Sunday ticket bundled with YouTube TV and get every game every Sunday. Sign up today, youtube.com/bs device and content restrictions apply. Discount apply to first four months of YouTube tv, then 72 99 per month ends August 29th. Terms restrictions, embargo apply. No refunds.


This episode is brought to you by Michelob ULTRA. Michelob ULTRA good for many things. Camping barbecues cheering on your favorite team. Hanging out on a nice summer night, which I just did actually on Friday night. Just sitting outside just having a beer And. guess what? Michelob? ULTRA because they sent me a bunch of Michelob Bal ULTRA and it's really good And. there were only a couple left and I was mad 'cause every time we put it in the fridge, somebody drinks it, but it was delicious. Be sure to stock up for the summer. Enjoy Michelob Bal ULTRA Superior Light Beer. Order a Pack of Michelob b ULTRA today. Have it delivered through door dash.com LDA 21 and up.


So before the break, Tara mentioned how, yeah, Harris got, got the approval from Biden, but does that necessarily mean she's gonna be the candidate? I would assume she is. And that I think there's, there are own dangers of putting somebody who hasn't really been in this kind of spotlight, just throwing them in a couple months before the election. But one of the things that people have talked about Brian with Harris is just like, people don't like her that much. She hasn't done that well in big elections. Like what makes people think she's gonna win? And then there's that other camp like, no, no, the last four years she's learned a lot. She's been the spotlight. She's been a good vice president. What do, what do the next six weeks look like for her in your mind?


Well, it's, it's, it's fascinating. I mean, I, we're, we're really in interesting situation where, you know, you're right, we don't, we don't know her as a national politician and that's partly the doing of the Biden administration, which did not exactly want her to become a national politician after picking her as his running mate back in 2020. We do know she's, she can be a good debater. She won her debate with Mike Pence in 2020. Obviously the bar for having a good democratic debate, congrats Point is pretty much on the floor. So she figures if she and Trump do debate, and that seems like an if at this point and everything seems like an if she would obviously have a chance to fare much better than Biden did. But you know, like the next couple of days are gonna be so interesting because, and Tara will be much more plugged in less than me.


But you have to, I would think, have one of those big name Democrats actually step up and not just say, I wanna be president, but I wanna run against the person, the vice president of the United States that Joe Biden just endorsed on his way out the door, which feels like it. And then statewide, they'd have to attack her at the same time. Oof. In order to make that happen. Yeah. Well I don't even, I don't even really, because they talk about an open convention. I feel like I'm a relatively smart guy. I don't even a hundred percent understand what that means. Like in, in my head it's like, you know, season seven of the West Wing where it's like, oh, it's Sorkin writing an open convention and, and weird shit's gonna happen. But what does, what does this mean in practical terms in real life?


Tara? You know, I'm not, I think the rule book will be rewritten in some ways, but right now Biden has, yeah, Biden has 3,886 delegates that are his, so about 4,000 Democratic delegates are out there because there were others who randoms that picked up some delegates. And there's 700 super delegates too. I'm not entirely sure the difference, but I, I think that it'll come down to a vote. And in the meantime, if they are numerous candidates, they're gonna have to run campaigns, they're gonna have to lobby the delegates. There might be some like deals and trades done on the floor of the convention to get them to vote one way or another.


Yeah. But how does that, how does that help if they're trying to beat Trump? How does, how does having like one giant long cat fight to try to get the nomination and just chewing up time? I don't know how that helps. I agree with you. I think there's also another thinking that if you anoint Kamala Harris doesn't seem democratic enough. Some people might argue that, that he's like passing it down to her. And so that will be the argument against her. The argument for her will be that, you know, she is his vice president. I think the other argument obviously is that she represents a core constituency of the Democratic party. She's an African American woman. They consistently come out for Democrats and to pass her over as the historic first vice president af the first African American female vice president would be seen as a severe, you know, dis or slight against this huge core constituency.


But, you know, people say she's gotta earn it and if she earns it, she'll come out an even stronger candidate. I think ultimately, and I'm an optimist on this, I do think that people will be excited, more excited than they were before about the idea of Biden and Trump running against each other. At least the Democratic base might be excited to have a candidate or just democratic voters in general, that a candidate that's under 81 years old will come, Come outta this convention, finished sentences. Yeah. And then maybe they'll come outta this convention with a shiny new choice. Someone we didn't, we know of or didn't think of. And they market that person one way or another. These people haven't really been vetted though. Some of them probably Kamala has been vetted the most. Yeah. if you think about it.


But like Gretchen Whitmer, Gavin Newsom, you know, JB Pritzker, they're governors, popular governors. But I think the thinking right now is that if you really wanna be strategic, like truly strategic, you should add a battleground state governor to the ticket. Either with Kamala, that's someone like Gretchen Whitmer, who's of Michigan or Josh Shapiro of Pennsylvania. The two states you really have to win as a Democrat to win this election either or. But usually if you get one, you get the other And Arizona's a possibility too, right? Yeah. Mark Kelly is very popular. He's a combat veteran, very, very popular. He's being talked about or have one at the top of the ticket.


I think the thinking of like, I know, you know, Gavin Newsom is a star in the party and he's obviously ambitious, but oh God, having two west coasters on the ballot doesn't really make sense. And, and it's, and really we're, we're down to the point where like it really only matters in like seven, eight states right now. And yeah, if you wanna win this, you gotta win the Battleground state. So why not pick a popular battleground. Governor Brian, if you were the czar of this, what would your, what would decision, would you hand down The GM of common sense of the Democratic Party right now? The Gm, I mean, I, I mean the Midwest argument to me is, is really the, is really the most compelling one. It's just like that you need to win those states, right? Like if you lose Wisconsin or Michigan or Pennsylvania, you probably lose the election.


And so I would say whether it's in the VP slot, whether it's Josh Shapiro, Gretchen Whitmer, whether it's at the top of the ticket. And that to me is the absolute must, the, the one thing I would look forward to Democratic Canada, other than somebody, as we say, who is vetted enough to run a national election now at hyper speed. Yeah. The thing that scares me about Kamala is that her campaign four years ago was so bad. I remember who wrote the giant feature about how bad it was after, was it Politico? Somebody wrote like the, now they tell us feature about everything that went wrong with, and it was just like one of the worst campaigns anyone's run in the last 20 years. So that that part, I can't, you know, maybe everybody gets better.


Everybody grows. That's always, yeah. But yeah, That's always used against her. That's like she, that's Was Bad. That's the main hit against her, Right? The thing the last five weeks though, the thing that, you know, I always like to look at things from what does, what does the other side want to happen, right? And it just felt, and everybody's made this point, but it just felt like Trump really wanted Biden to stay in the, in the race and publicly was, he was goading him. He was doing the, you know, he did some stuff on true social, but that's such like a, you know, some he was, that's kind of where he is like Trump unleashed, but in public he was just kind of laying back and even during the debate, the debate you could see there were a couple times where he could have really gone for the kill.


And he is just like, I'm just gonna let this guy hang himself here. So the fact that he so badly wanted Biden to stay in the race and then Tim Alberta in that piece, that he, you know, they basically revealed, that's our big strategy is we basically just want Biden to stay in. So now that he's out, what are we prepared for with, with Trump? Because it feels like he's, he's been intentionally calm. Now what happens Kind of depends on who the candidate is. I mean we read in the New York Times today that they're ready, you know, for Kamala Harris as you'd expect them to be ready, you know, that's apo research that's right at their fingertips. You know, they've had, they've had talking points on her about the border, you know, task Biden assigned her to early in her term, another data point for what the Biden administration thought of Kamala Harris and how visible they wanted her to be.


You know, that, that stuff is already to me. But like it's, I would think, and Tara will have a better read on this, that there's just a lot of uncertainty in Trump headquarters today because Biden was a great known for them, right? Yeah. He had a terrible weakness that he had no way of reversing that he could do nothing about. It was exactly the game plan. They ran against Biden on, in 2020 by the way they were calling him old and running a basement campaign then he was four years older. He had the terrible debate. He had that moment. Americans could not erase. So, you know, to me there's just like when you inject unknown into a political campaign in July That you're winning The ticket, not in the vice presidential slot like we're used to. Yeah. And you're ahead. You've just had this convention that you feel pretty good about other than Trump's speech, which was as long as Oppenheimer, I would think that they would, you know, be, be a, at least a little rattled right now.


Yeah. The fear in, in football and a few people have made this point, but in football we see this with quarterbacks sometimes where the starting quarterbacks not quite good enough and there becomes the groundswell for the backup. And a lot of times the backup's either worse or it's just, you know, you're just chewing up time but you're going nowhere anyway. But this is like one of the great kind of football things over the years. It's like, ah, I don't really like this guy, this guy. If we could only put in this guy, it'll be great. And now we're actually seeing this in real time, happiness in politics, which I can't, the last time somebody dropped out when they were in incumbent was OBJ in 1968.


That was before I was alive. I've just never, never seen this. I don't know how this plays out. We don't really have anything to compare it to. 'cause it's stupid to compare it to like Poke and Buchanan and all these people from, you know, it's a completely different atmosphere. if you had to make any predictions, Tara, for the next four weeks, gimme like two, two things that you feel confident will happen. I mean there's gonna be like real serious discussions about money and how does it get to Harris and her campaign because you know, Biden, even before the debate was coming in at a deficit, okay, yeah, $30 million cash on hand deficit to Trump.


He does have the biggest war chest. How do they move it over to Biden? There's gonna be lots of lawsuits coming from the RNC saying you can't just roll that money over to her. You can't put it in a superPAC. There are gonna be tons of lawsuits going on. I think like I'm gonna be watching to see movements from the other camps. How quickly does the party consolidate around Harris? I mean, to be honest, like when I was speaking with, you know, senior, you know, hill sources, it was like they really hadn't made up their mind on how this should go forward. They really did not know if it should just be Kamala and the whole party rallies around and anoints her or if they allow this open primary and this open process as they called it.


And you know, I'm gonna be looking for smoke signals from Nancy Pelosi and Chuck Schumer to see what they tell the party to do. Because I think the voices that you're gonna hear from electeds, whether they come out and say we want an open process versus like we believe Kamala is our choice, it might create another sort of war between the Congressional black caucus, maybe frontliners, democratic frontliners, those, those people that come from battleground states, swing districts and, and you're gonna see polling like, how is she really doing up against Trump? Because the New York Times had a poll last week that showed her really only up one point against Trump pretty much at the same levels that Biden was at, you know, in the margin of error, give or take.


So you're gonna see leaking polls come out in the next week or so about how Kamala really faires, you're gonna see a lot of polls about how Gretchen does, about how Josh Shapiro does Wes Moore, everybody. There's gonna be a lot of leaking and fighting and I mean, I wish I could predict exactly what's gonna happen, but I think the knives are still out and Yeah, like what happens if there's a poll that Whitburn and Shapiro are by far the best crush combo to actually defeat Trump. Like here's what all the data says, if we do this, this is how we win. Or you could stay down the road you're going Yeah, I I Brian there's already Already a Kamala campaign happening, so Yeah. You know, do You think the knives will stay out, Brian?


Oh, it'll, and you know, look, the people that maneuvered Biden off the ticket now have to a, help pick a Democrat to replace him and b, try to carry that Democrat over the finish line because, you know, for Nancy Pelosi In four months for Right, for Chuck Schumer, for for George Clooney, right? For this whole constellation of people that got together and said, we have to do this unprecedented thing, now they're gonna be looked at, okay, we did it. Now what do we do now? How do we win? You know, you, you got us to this place now how do we win? And that to me is gonna be fascinating because these are the people who again pulled off this switch in midstream that we've never seen before.


Never in the modern age anyway. And now they have to figure out what the next move is. Well, and then the other piece of that look, I mean there's always distrust with politics, right? But if you're on the democratic side and you're just looking at how they've handled not just the last couple weeks and months, but really the last like year and a half, two years where they had the scenario that the new is coming in 2024 and they're doing stuff to, you know, they're, they're kind of hiding Biden. Like to borrow a sports analogy, it's like the quarterback where you're, you're only having him make the throws that he could make and they're just you. Some of the stuff that even has come out in the past three, four months about how he's had less cabinet meetings than just about anybody and, and it just feels like they've been very carefully shielding him from being out there too much.


And now it seems like with reason. So they, to me just watch it from afar, it feels like there's real distrust now with the whole party. How do they win that back? How do they make people feel like, well wait, you guys just did this for the last 18 months. Why should we trust you now? What are the steps to fix that? It's a really, really good question because, and a lot of people argue that they've lost the moral argument right, against Trump, right. Because of this. Because they've for so long told everyone it's okay, it's okay. But privately they've been like, let's just get him over the finish line. Just, just get our 81-year-old candidate amble him over whatever it takes. So it, that's hard. And that's why that's another argument for having a primary and not making it seem like the party PAHs picked her because that's exactly what the Republicans are already saying.


Yeah. That they cheated, this was rigged. They were always gonna say it was rigged. Doesn't matter, we know that. But they're gonna say if Kamala Harris is picked, that this is just, you know, the Democrats trying to, you know, I think they're actually using the word cheat at this point. Yeah. And it's not democratic. Like they're the ones who are supposedly, you know, the preservers of democracy. Well look at them just picking a candidate that the delegates didn't even vote for. And so that's the narrative that they have to fight against. And that's another argument for having an open process. Now the Republicans were always gonna say that, that the election was rigged. That's what they do as we saw in 2020.


But I dunno, I mean like I spoke to Trump's political director last week and he claims, oh, we're ready for any generic d essentially any generic de democrat. But I don't believe that it's really hard to change a campaign, especially with only four months left. Like you said, the entire thing has been predicated around Biden. I really think that, I really think Kamala could beat him as well, but he is not in a po he's not, that may have been their victory party at the RNC lemme just say that. Yeah. He's in for something and they know that. And I, I wonder, I wonder what they're thinking right now.


I know they've already started attacking Kamala Harris and they started attacking Gretchen Whitmer, but they're, Yeah, they're probably, the list is gonna get they they to get strategic. Yeah. Yeah. Brian, what happens if, if it's the reverse, if Trump names Don Jr as his vice president and he's going down the road, he gets all this money, he gets delegates and then last minute's like, I'm actually not running, I'm gonna hand all this stuff over to Don Jr. Switch people probably would been like, you're cheating, right? Yeah. I'm not sure Don Jr was gonna win an electoral college majority. Don Jr may have some, he might a, some trouble, some unvetted things in his past that we haven't quite explored as a nation.


No. And and just to Tara's point, I would think, you know, there are a lot of anti-Trump elements in the universe that desperately want to beat Donald Trump in November and have had a hard time getting excited because they've got the wrong guy at the head of the ticket. So I think the Democrats hope will be that whoever they pick, whether it's Kamala, whether it's somebody else, that there is an immediate galvanizing moment that says, okay, finally somebody, the money comes in quickly, the enthusiasm goes up. Now again, the Biden camps losing argument was anybody but Trump was gonna get it done. Right? Door number one, Trump door number two, somebody else. It didn't work. But if the Democrats will hope that just having somebody else, Donald Trump's never won the popular vote, just having somebody else on the ballot will help them win in November.


I think it, I think it could be a unifying moment. I personally do. I think it could be good for the Democrat. You're, you're a glass half full person. Look at you. Yeah. It's either gonna be unifying or it's gonna be a disaster. Can't worse. I like those are the only options yet Worse. Yeah. How badly worse was the last three weeks for the Democrats? I mean, it could, it could not possibly be where we, we don't think, anyway, you say that. Well they're, they'll fighting and then they'll rise up again I think. Or maybe not. They have to get their shit together though soon. The more this drags out, the worse it is for the party. And that's why a floor fight in Chicago is not great. One of the many parallels with sports and politics is we talk about legacy a lot.


The legacy of this, the legacy of that legacy of this guy's career. And with Biden, that was a word that got thrown around a bunch the last three and a half weeks. Right? That what do you want your legacy to Be? You have a chance to be A hero. Yeah. You have a chance to be, You have a chance to do the right thing. Just the reverse psychology of this whole last three weeks was hilarious. 'cause we don't wanna pressure Biden. We don't say, sir, you must stand aside. We want to, and this was included a lot of people who worked for Obama and other administration say, sir, you have a chance to do something great here. Right? if you step win the race, If you moves, there's three options, right? He steps aside and Democrats win and everybody goes, awesome Joe Biden, man, he's a true patriot till the, till the end.


The second version is he does that and they lose anyway, but they would've lost with him. And then the third version is he stays in, gets trounced by Trump. And that becomes the first thing mentioned in any sentence about him is that he stayed too long. But it is like, I do think one of the things about this, and you think about other aspects of life is the whole concept of people not wanting to give up power and people not knowing when to leave. And you see this, like, I saw this happen with David Stern in the NBA where he probably stayed like two, three years too long, right? In the last couple years he was, Adam Silver was ready to take over and he just didn't wanna leave. And there was some really rocky, I remember writing like a really kind of semis scathing column about him at one point during that because it was just clear like it was time for him to go, it was time to him to pass the league to somebody else.


And you see that with, you know, Ginsburg, you see it with Lorne Michaels right now in SNL. Is it time for him to go? Is it that time? Should he stay until he is 90? When do you leave? And I think for a lot of people, it's the part of life that we don't maybe spend enough time talking about is when is your exit? It's always better to be a year too early than two years too late, right? It feels like with Biden, the move in retrospect should have been a year ago to be like, well wait a second, I can't be the president when I'm 86. I'm already not the same guy I was in 2020. I should start thinking about the party now. Who am I passing this to? We gotta set this up, we gotta do this correctly. But he didn't do it.


And I think win or lose, that's gonna be a huge part of his legacy after this. Correct. Tara? Or you disagree? Yeah, no, I, I agree with you. I mean his whole argument the entire time was I was the only one who could beat Trump. Right? Right. I beat him in 2020, which is Something Trump would Say. I beat him once before. He sounded like Trump, especially towards the end in his defiance from that leaked video that my colleague Julia Yaffe had with the House Democrats. He was like, I'm the best leader on foreign policy. Name me one other leader who was as good a NATO as I'm, it was like the defiance, the way he thought of himself. It was showing this level of like egomania that I think is personally distasteful and showed, you know, his colleagues, his democratic colleagues, they were furious about it.


They thought, who is this monster? And it's like, really? I think people are gonna look back on it and think he shoulda have gotten outta this race weeks ago. And his indecision was a drag on the party. Yeah. Because now they've got a lot to do. Any last thoughts Brian? Well, yeah, you go back to, you know, October, 2022, which is when Donald Trump announced he was gonna run for president again, right? So then that activates the Trump stopper urges in Biden, ah, he's running, so I gotta run again. The Democrats do a little bit better than they thought during the midterms. And so all of a sudden he in and then he has terrible choice. What if me, the guy, entire political identity is that is the guy who's gonna let Trump back into the White House. And that's certainly what's been rattling around his mind the last three weeks.


And here we are. What a stretch. All right, Brian, you'll be covering this on the press box obviously as we head through the summer. And Tara, you somebody's gotta win. I I don't I, when did we name that? When did we name that podcast? Back in like January last year. A year ago. Like Yeah. June. Yeah, exactly. A year ago. Yeah. Well it was an app title. So listen to both of those podcasts as we continue to cover this on The Ringer dot com. Thanks for stopping by on a Sunday. I appreciate it.


This episode is brought to you by State Farm. State Farm helps you score an affordable price when you choose to bundle home and auto insurance with the personal price plan bundling home and auto. That's a pro move. Just another way you can save on your insurance needs. Talk to a State Farm agent today to learn how you can bundle and save with the personal price plan like a good neighbor. State Farm is there. Prices are based on rating plans that vary by state coverage. Options are selected by the customer availability. Amount of discounts and savings and eligibility vary by state.


This episode is brought to you by SimpliSafe. If you're like me, you're constantly thinking about the safety of the people and things you value the most. We all have friends that had a break in worst case scenario, a home invasion, second worst case scenario, they're away for a couple days. They come back and things are just gone. And once you hear those stories, you realize you have to do something to secure your home. you can be like me, you can find SimpliSafe been using it, they've been a sponsor forever, been using it for a while. We love it. you can try it for yourself right now. you can try it and get 20% off a system at SimpliSafe dot com slash bs. you can find out things like 24 7 professional monitoring. Someone always there to have your back during an emergency. you can find out how fast their agents can respond within five seconds of receiving the alarm. They act, they respond to intruders, they even warn them that police is on the way and there's no contracts. you can choose to set up your system yourself or you can have one of their professionals do it for you. It is no surprise that SimpliSafe has been named the Best Home Security Systems by US News and World Report for five years running and the best customer service and home security by Newsweek. So protect your home this summer. you can get 20% off any new SimpliSafe system when you sign up for Fast Protect monitoring. Just visit SimpliSafe dot com slash bs. That is SimpliSafe with two is SimpliSafe dot com slash bs. There's no safe like SimpliSafe.


All right, so I know it's football season. We're gonna do football. I might do a podcast on Thursday. I wanna talk USA basketball because I've been watching all the exhibition games 'cause I'm a psycho. I love this stuff. I love the lineup stuff I have a lot to do. I have six things I wanna cover. So, it seems like the perfect time for a special part of today's episode. Brought to you by Michelob Cher, the official beer sponsor of Team USA who we're about to talk about win or lose. You're bound to enjoy the ride with a good beer in hand. Michelob Cher is good beer. It's crisp, light, refreshing, only nine to five calories. Order yourself an ULTRA six Pack while we unpack six major things going on in the world of basketball right now. Five of them for me involve team USA.


Okay, here we go. The big thing I love with the Olympics, and we get this every four years and you basically get to go back, you can go back to the games they played in oh eight and 12 and 16 and 21 and now this year the hierarchy of the team. You know, I love this stuff. This is, this is my jam. There's usually three indispensables on the team that emerge and one like pivotal proven bench guy, which is basically, you think of it as the mellow wade spot and it was Tatum in 21. But what happens is they can talk all they want. 10 guys, 12 guys. Everybody's gonna play. Everybody's playing 20 minutes. But there's always a game when all of a sudden, holy shit, we need to win this.


And then the minutes start to resemble an actual structure of an NBA game. When you think about like there's 200 minutes total in international game, you can only play five guys. The most anybody could play is 40 minutes. So if you go back the four biggest games they've played since oh eight, which was the oh eight gold medal game, USA one 18, Spain 1 0 7, and LeBron Wade, Kobe, CP three and Bosch are all in the twenties for minutes. Melo Howard and and Darren Williams are the are the first three kid plays 11. Prince plays eight Boozer and Red get DMPs. So already two guys are just out when it, when it really comes to nut crunch time, two or three guys are getting pushed out.


2012 Gold Medal USA 1 0 7, Spain 100 KD plays 38 minutes, which was an amazing year for kd. It's 2012 finals. He feels like he's gonna be an MVP at some point really soon. Even though LeBron's the best guy in the league. KD plays 38 of the 40 minutes. They basically can't keep him out of this game. CP 3 29, LeBron 29 and got in a little foul trouble. And I was at this game and we were just sitting there in the fourth quarter. LeBron's at the bench, they can't stop the game and we're sitting there having a heart attack 'cause they can't get LeBron back in the game. And then Kobe, who was like kind of like old man Kobe at that point it was like Ah, we're gonna lean on him when we need him. And he ends up playing 26 the fourth most minutes.


Melo plays 21. Kevin Love plays 18 and plays crunch time against the Gssa down the stretch. And then for the bench it was Williams Westbrook played nine minutes, Chandler played eight. Igual, harden Davis barely played so they really went nine guys. But really it was, it was six 2016 semi-Final game was the big game that year. US 82, Spain 76, you know who made, who played the most minutes that game. K. Clay Thompson, 35 minutes out of the 40 KD played 30. And then Deandre Jordan, I bet you didn't have him in your Big O card. He played 27 Melo, 25, Kyrie 24 and then George Lowry Butler and cousins were the bench. Draymond Green and Der Rosen basically got bumped.


So that was that. And then 21 was the most recent one. Three years ago, USA 87, France 82 in the gold medal game. KD once again the greatest Olympic player we've had 35 minutes plays the most. Drew Holiday was was the second best player that year. He played 29. They had kind of a hodgepodge that year. 'cause Dame Bam, Booker Tatum, they never knew what they were expected from these guys. So Dame Bam, Booker and Tatum were all in the twenties. Green. Zach Levine, Middleton 16, 14 and 10 minutes. And then JaVale, McGee, McGee, Jeremy Grant, Kelvin Johnson did not play. So the point is you have the Indispensables. The Indispensables in oh eight, Kobe, LeBron Mellow weighed off the bench.


2012 kd, LeBron CP three mellow off the bench. 2016 kd Clay, Deandre Jordan mellow off the bench 2021 KD and Drew are the only indispensables Tatum off the bench and then hodgepodge depending on who look good. This brings me to 2024. Who are the indispensables? LeBron Curry and Anthony Davis. I think that's our three and Tatum in that mellow Wade bench spot And then probably Drew Holiday as the glue guy, defensive guard, shut down person. Just kind of do everything.


I think those are the five guys that get the most minutes. So the most interesting thing, thing about that to me is the LeBron piece because heading into the Olympics, I didn't know if it was gonna be LeBron. We're so happy for you to be here. You, you and Courier are the faces of the team. Maybe we'll bring you off the bench as a sixth man. Maybe you'll start, you'll play 20 minutes a little like Kobe in 2012. It's not like that at all. They've given him the car keys, he's the point forward of this team. you can see it against the in against South Sudan. He's the point forward. Curry's playing off him. Steve Kerr basically is using LeBron in this crazy 19.0 version of Draymond Green where he is using him a little like how he uses Draymond but with the added bonus that LeBron can shoot and he is one of the three greatest players of all time and he is the leading scorer in points in NBA history.


So you have that, but you also have all the stuff you can still do with Curry and Draymond but you just do it through LeBron. And Davis has been the other indispensable guy because they don't have anyone else like him on the team with his size, his defense, his shot locking, his rebounding, his energy, his ability to jump out on shooters and you watch him compared to Embi who's not totally in shape, who's too slow to get out on shooters and you can basically use him as your overpowering 2006 Shaq guy in spurts. But if you're actually trying to lock teams down, you need Davis, not mbi. Which brings me to the second part of the six Pack. Anthony Davis first MBI Embiid won an MVP.


Anthony Davis has never won an MVP. Davis won the 2020 title was in the mix there for finals MVP, but LeBron had an awesome finals. He made the 2023 Eastern Conference finals as well. Embi has lost six of his last nine playoff series and Beat has never played 12 playoff games in a postseason. Embi has never played 70 games in a season. Embi has played 4 33 games in the last 10 years. Davis has missed the playoffs six times. Davis has either been, I'm having an awesome year or you probably forgot what happened to me this year.


Davis for his career in the playoffs is averaging 25 and 10 in 50 plus playoff games, which puts him in the company of these guys since the merger. Giannis, Dirk Yoki, Hakeem, Anthony Davis, that's it. So he's been a really good playoff guy. He's been averaging 26 and 1250 4%. Field goal was probably for the last few years. But then you look like from 2013 to 24, he's 83rd of playoff games. This century is hundred 69th and playoff games played. So he is had this career that's both been really good but at the same time I'm, I'm not sure it shouldn't have been better.


And then you have Ed who you know, you go through his last seven playoff years, loses to Boston in round two, had an orbital fracture in a concussion that year loses to Toronto in game seven in 2019. The Kauai shot had knee tendonitis that year swept by Boston in 2020. Nothing wrong with him other than Ben Simmons was in exit stage right? 2021 loses to Atlanta in seven, they're up three one, he has a torn meniscus in that series. 2022 lost to Miami in six was tied to two and then they lost the last two. He had a torn thumb ligament orbital fracture and a concussion. That series 2023 was the worst one. Round two up three two in the series they end up losing to Boston in 70 a sprained knee that year.


And then 2024 round one loses to the Nixon six torn meniscus. I bring this up because he gave this New York Times interview where they talked about greatest player of all time stuff and the interviewer said is the implication that you think you would be in the greatest player of all time conversation about the injury problems and Beat said, I think so. I think I'm that talented. Obviously you need to win championships and the win championships you need other guys. You can't do it by yourself. I wanna win so bad. But if you don't, you just understand that as long as you care about the right stuff, Maybe it wasn't meant to be.


Which brings me to my third piece of the six Pack with Embiid, it's all about the injuries. So he's self-aware enough to say like yeah this could have gone better. I had some bad luck, it's too bad. At the same time, Joel Embiid, there's bad luck. And then there's the question, is your body totally meant to play basketball? Which is a question we wonder about a lot, especially with big guys. We wondered about it with Ying, we wondered about it with Bill Walton, like Embiid is talking about himself as like without the injuries I'd be in the greatest player of all time conversation. Bill Walton actually did have the injuries and would've been in the greatest player of all time conversation.


And we saw when he was healthy he actually ran through the league and won the title and probably would've had a dynasty. When you're talking about greatest player of all time, first of all, that's ludicrous because if you're not durable you you can't be in the conversation. And he's never been durable even before he had all these injuries the last seven years ago. So the better question is could he have been in the greatest center of all time conversation? Which again, now you're competing against Kareem Abdul-Jabbar who wasn't just one of the three best players of all time who didn't just have one of the great start to finish high school to college, to MBA careers we've ever seen who won all kinds of MVPs, who won I think six titles by the time it was said and done, but was also astoundingly durable and over and over again.


if you look at the greatest of all time, durability is a big piece of it. It's a big piece of the LeBron case right now. LeBron might not be able to beat the ceiling of Michael Jordan. He might not have as many MVPs and rings as Kareem, but his case would be the career case. It would be just for 20 plus years. The durability that he had, the reliability just, he was just always there over and over again and really was a little bit indestructible and mbbi was the opposite. So Mbbi said in this interview, you think about it, the thing that stopped me all these years is just freak injuries. Every single playoffs, regular season, people falling on my knee or breaking my face twice, it's always freak injuries at the wrong time.


That's a piece of it. It doesn't explain what happened in 14 and 15 and why he only played 31 games in the first three seasons of his career. And I do have sympathy for him because it sucks when an athlete doesn't reach his potential. But all you have to do is watch him. All you have to do is look at pictures of him when he was at Kansas for that one year before he entered the lottery, what he looked like when he was even working out for teams versus what he looks like, what he looked like last season, what he looks like at the Olympics now, where he's just not in the same shape. And if you talk about big guys, one of the ways to knock and injured is to be in awesome shape. And I don't think anybody's watched him be the last couple years and said, wow, that guy's in amazing shape.


He's always carrying too much weight. And that's one of the ways you get hurt if you're a big guy. We have so much evidence of this. We saw this happen with Shaquille O'Neal in the second half of his career where it's, you can get through with athletic talent and overpowering people and all that stuff, but once you hit your thirties and you're carrying all that weight, that weight's not going away. And now some, some stuff starts happening and this goes back to the self-awareness piece. What I would've wanted to hear in Bead say is I could have been one of the best players ever. I had some bad luck and I also feel like there's some things I would do over again. I would be in better shape. I would, I would try to, I would try to condition my body better so I could absorb some of this stuff and it just doesn't seem like he gets it.


Even he had some quote later about continuity. On the one hand I love that we have candid athletes. On the other hand, his career made more sense after I read the interview. Then he says later, and this became a big story this week where he says he's talking about team USA and he says, you gotta understand most of those guys are older. The LeBron now is not the LeBron. That was a couple years of years ago. So it's a big difference. Everyone would also tell you, and you can see for yourself the athletic LeBron dominant that he was a couple years ago is not the same that he is now. I think people get fooled by the names on paper, but those names have been built throughout their career and now they're older, they're not what they used to be. That's a crazy thing to say about somebody you're about to play in the Olympics with.


And conversely, if they reporters went to LeBron and and said, Hey, what'd you think about what Embi said to you about how you're not the same guy? And LeBron said, you know, he's probably right to some degree. I'm 40 years old, I've been in the NBA forever but you know, I feel like I can get 95% there. But if I was Joel, I would, I would be worried about China stage. I wouldn't be worrying about other players, I'd be worried about me. We wish Joel was in shape. He's only playing 14 to 16 minutes a game for us with Team USAI wish he was in better shape. I'm sure if you talk to anybody in the Sixers, you gave them true serum like in true li in true lies I'm sure all of them would say we wish em indeed was in better shape. So I guess, I guess I'm pushing back on the could have been the greatest player everything because we've just never seen the off the court work discipline from him that all the other great guys had that Jordan had, that Kareem had, that LeBron had that bill.


Even Bill Russell in the sixties, fifties and sixties when you know nobody had any of this stuff and he was still out there all the time. The only time he got hurt was the 1958 final. So just wish Joel Embiid was a little more self-aware. The fourth thing on the six Pack, the 12th Olympic spot and the concept of this, which is gonna dive into Jaylen Brown in one second. But when you're picking a team, as we talked about earlier, the minutes, you know you're gonna have that one game where only nine guys, maybe 10 are gonna play. So they're picking this team, they know they're building around ad and Bam and KD and Tatum and LeBron and Curry and Edwards and Drew is the glue guy. So they know they evade us.


Then Embi decides he is gonna play. And there's some benefits to that because there's gonna be moments like against France, you're gonna need him in the Go Bear or Wema matchup. You're gonna need the size. There's gonna be moments, especially if you, if you put 'em out there against the right teams, like a team like Canada that doesn't have a lot of size, you can bring him out against second units and and beads just becomes Unguardable for four or five minutes. So there's a case that he should be on the team like would you be better off just putting Che Holmgren on here and he doesn't care if he plays or not, but when he plays he can at least stretch four maybe. But it, I'm not gonna argue with Hbi, there's Halliburton versus Brunson was a big argument and I think the reason they didn't have Brunson ultimately, even though he's a better player than Halliburton is because they wanted somebody who would've been fine not playing.


And if you read the tea leaves, the SAS Sudan game, Halliburton didn't really play and I think he's gonna be one of the odd men out. Jalen Brunson would be good with that. I have Jalen Brunson as the six guy, six best guy in the league. Is he good with just getting shoved side? Probably not. Derek White is in that kind of shut down defender, backup guard defense spot that you have to have. 'cause all these guard, all these teams have these fast guards teams can go small, you just need guards, you need defense. So white gets that spot over. Jalen Suggs, Alex Bruso, whoever you wanna talk about there. And then that last spot, Jaylen Brown, you're basically talking about him versus Devin Booker versus Donovan Mitchell in my opinion.


And Mitchell was never really in the mix for this So. it was always Booker and Booker was on the 21 team, played a lot of minutes. They picked Booker, Booker was in there early and booker's a very good international player. But once, once you do that, now you have Katie, you have Tatum, you have LeBron, you have Curry, you have Edwards, you have Drew and you have Booker. You don't really have minutes for Jaylen Brown who just won the finals, MVP, who's just on a title team and now you're gonna add him to this team last minute 'cause Kawhi gets shut down and he's not gonna play and that's gonna go good from a chemistry standpoint. It's not the white pick was a chemistry pick. That's it.


White's not gonna care if he doesn't play or not. Jaylen. Brown now playing is a little bit of a different, it's a little bit, it's embarrassing. He probably thinks he is on the same level as KD and Tatum and LeBron at this point. And he might not be wrong, but to me it made sense not to have him because it brings up all the chemistry stuff that you wanna avoid. Which brings me to the fifth thing I wanted to talk about. Everyone knew Derek White was gonna get the Kawhi spot for a couple months. I knew in May if Kawhi somehow wasn't ready to go. And by the way, tough blow for the Clippers. It wasn't gonna be Jalen, it was gonna be Derek White. And I think Jalen knew this too, but yet he, he said something anyway and it was when the Celtics have had a couple oh moments during this summer, right?


Everything goes right in the playoffs. They win the title. What happens right after all of a sudden the the owner is selling the team WIC with gross spec. That makes me nervous. Now we have a little instability at the top, the poor Zingus injury which he played on in game five and then it comes out, he's out for six months. Oof. Well he is not back until December. Well to me that means February that I'm just assuming we're not seeing poor Zenga until February. That would be the safe bet to me. So you have that. So now the Celtics, it's already hard enough to repeat. Now you have two major things going against you and then you have this Jalen thing, which you know, I don't, I don't wanna throw a tantrum about it, but I didn't love it.


A lot of people are asking me over the last couple weeks, what'd you think of Jalen saying what he said about how he, you know, basically insinuating he should have made it overweight, who's his teammate? And my answer was I didn't like it because it wasn't the kind of thing that would've happened before they won the title. Before they won the title. There was a selflessness to that team. That was one of the things that made it special. And even though Jaylen's right, and he should be one of the 12 guys in this team, if we were just picking a team of the 12 best guys, he should be on the team if we're doing that. But that's not what the team was. The team they're trying to do all of these different things with the team and white made and white made more sense for it. So if he's gonna express his pleasure, if he's gonna blame Nike or whatever, you have to do it through the prism of Derek White's an awesome player and he made, he was a great choice.


It's upsetting to me that I wasn't given a chance to compete for one of the forward spots. Some way to frame it that doesn't make it seem like you're kind of shitting on your teammate because he got picked over you. That's not the kind of stuff that was happening before they won the title. So as you know, I loved The Secret which Isaiah Thomas revealed in 1989. I I based it as a big premise around my basketball book. When we did the book of basketball stuff, I brought it back and this was something he talked about during the 89 finals when he was in a press conference and Isaiah said, I looked at Seattle who won one year in Houston who got to the finals one year. They both self-destructive the next year. How come I read Pat Riley's book Showtime, he talks about the disease of more.


A team wins it one year and the next year every player wants more money, more minutes, more money, more shots and it kills them. Our team has been up at the championship level four years now. We could have easily self-destructed. So I read what Riley was saying and I learned I didn't want what happened to Seattle and Houston and us, but it's hard not to be selfish. The art of winning is complicated by statistics, which for us becomes money. But you've gotta fight that, find a way around it. And I think we have, right? So you've heard me read that. And then the other thing he said was lots of times on our team you can't tell who the best player in the game was 'cause everybody did something good. That's what makes us so good. The other team has to worry about stopping eight or nine people instead of two or three.


It's the only way to win win the only way to win. It's the way the game was invented. There's more to that. You've gotta create an environment that won't accept losing. I would argue that describe what the Celtics were last year. There was selflessness to them. They didn't care who scored, they just wanted to win. They didn't care who got the attention, they just wanted to win. They wanted to show up, play for each other. And it was one of my favorite Celtics teams ever. And then a month and a half later we have stuff like this and it just makes me nervous because I think it's really hard to repeat. Once you win, you got what you wanted. Now people start veering toward what's best for them and that's what the Jalen thing felt to me.


I hope I'm wrong and I hope this team's able to snap out of it. But if you're talking about disease and more Champs 67 Sixers, 71 bucks, 75 Warriors, 77 Blazers, 79 Sonics, 80 Lakers, 92 Bulls, they end up winning. Oh oh Lakers, they ended up winning oh four Pistons, oh six heat, 2010 Lakers, 16 calves, 18 Warriors and really the 22 Warriors. I have to count because the Jordan Pool Draymond thing happened right after, which was another one of those moments where you're like, eh, that's a bad sign. I'm just pointing this out, I'm not panicking yet about the Celtics. I think they're fine.


They have everybody coming back. Hopefully Zynga will come back before the all star break. But I do wonder if like next June, if they don't win and we're looking back, we're like, man, remember June and July when like that happened and that happened, that happened. And it does feel a little piece of that. I wish Jalen didn't say that. And I love Jaylen Brown and he's one of my favorite Celtics of the last 20 years and I just think it was a bad moment. I don't think he should have done it. Last thing on the six Pack, I'm gonna make this my superior take and it plays off what we just talked about with Boston. Just some little red flags. The Milwaukee bucks are 15 to one un FanDuel and Giannis is six to one on it for MVP.


And they had the year from hell last year. Right? Name it, it went wrong. Nobody has beaten a healthy Giannis since the 2022 Celtics beat them in seven thanks to an insane game. Six performance by Jason Tatum. And if you go look at that box score, there's no Chris Middleton in that series. Giannis had 46 and 20 in that game. It's not like he wasn't doing anything. And Tatum ends up just leaving his body wins. Go to game seven, grant Williams hits a bunch of threes, all of a sudden the bucks are out and the next two years a bunch of dumb shit happens. And Giannis isn't healthy in either playoffs and now he's 30 years old.


Dame's 33, Middleton's 33. And yet I kind of like where the bucks are because they're under the radar now. Nobody's talking about him, right? Even think about the Olympics, the bucks are irrelevant In the Olympics basketball discussion, the two teams that in the summer got the most attention for moves in the east were Philly and, and the New York Knicks you have, Orlando got better and Milwaukee's just kinda like, yeah, yeah they won in 21 but now they're old. And so you have Dame coming back from a year from hell. No question. This is probably the biggest season of his career because if it doesn't happen this year, I don't know if it happens for him as the top two guy, they got a couple breaks, poor Zynga being out for half the year and beads outta shape.


The Knicks never got a center. The Knicks by the way. I agree with that. They could probably get a center in January or February. The big thing that I think slipped under the radar, they signed a bunch of guys who can play in a game seven for minimum contracts over the summer. They signed Delon Wright, who I've always liked to, can absolutely play in a big game. Gary Trent, who is just sitting there for somebody to steal a three and D guy who hasn't really played with a point guard for the last couple years, right? And has just been on these weird Toronto teams that keep changing their identities. But I, I don't that guy's unafraid, I don't mind Gary Trent and then Prince on the Lakers who I didn't think had a great year.


But guys have a tendency to not have awesome years sometimes in that LeBron ad infrastructure as the ninth guy. He is gonna be better than Jay Crowder and whoever they're gonna have con coming back. They still have Portis and, and I kind of like their nine. And the big thing for me, Gianni who in the last six years for MVP finished first, first, fourth, third, third and fourth for the last six years. He's 30, 12 and six just every season. And from a perception standpoint, YOIC passed him. Luca passed him, Wendy's coming. The Celtics have the best team and he's just kind of over here and he hasn't really played since March.


And I just am expecting some insane Giannis, I'm taking back my turf territory. So you know, people think sometimes when I talk about the Celtics, people think I'm doing like reverse jinxes like people in my life, they're like, oh you're just saying this 'cause you're trying, you're trying to jinx whoever. I'm the most worried about the bucks in the east. That's where I've landed. That's where as I, I've had a little bit of a vacation the last few weeks. The Bucks are the scariest team to me. I'm not that worried about Philly. I think that's gonna be, they have two of their top three are injury potential guys. They're throwing a whole bunch of dudes together. I still have some questions about Paul, George and Philly, how that's gonna play out over an eight month span.


The Knicks, there's gonna be some weird minute stuff with them with bringing Randall back with who's gonna finish games? They don't have enough size. I think they're really gonna miss heart and steam. Are they gonna get the same healthy season for Brunson? And then you have Milwaukee, which is be stable in coaching Summer 15 to one on FanDuel. Normally you don't get good odds on teams, but that to me that should be 10 to one. And that was the one that jumped out to me. And then the Celtics over under for wins on FanDuel is 58 and a half, which just seems too high to me if they're not gonna have poor Zenga for at least half the season, that feels like to me that should be maybe in the 54 range.


Anyway, watch out for the Bucks. That's, I said last year. Don't watch out for the Bucks. I'm not buying it this year. I'm, I'm, I'm a little more intrigued. Anyway, that was today's six major things.


And remember, get yourself a six Pack of Megalot ULTRA superior Liberian official beer sponsored team USA. It's refreshing, crisp, only nine five calories. And here's another reason to like it. Michelob ULTRA has given you the chance to take home the gold with superior access. you can win sign March a Visa gift card and more. Head to Michelob ULTRA dot com slash superior access. Enjoy responsibly 2024 Anheuser-Busch Michelob ULTRA light beer. Same Louis Missouri Michelob ULTRA Superior Access Olympic Games Paris 2024 sweepstakes. No purchase necessary open to US residence 21 plus begins June 10th, 2024 ends. August 11th, 2024. Multiple entry periods. See official rules at Michelob ULTRA dot com slash rules for free. Entry. Entry, deadlines, prizes and details. Message and data rates may apply void, wear prohibited.


Coming back we're gonna talk to fantasy and CR about heat tube.


This episode is brought to you by Nissan Flex Your ruggedness in the Nissan Pathfinder Rock Creek Power your epic adventures with 3.5 liter V six engine 2 95 horsepower Take on those big bad trails on these big bad tires. 18 inch Beadlocks style wheels with all terrain tires to be exact, designed to be aggressive all the way up to the front row, which is magnificent. Find your path in the Nissan Pathfinder Rock Creek. Learn more at Nissan usa.com. Intelligent four wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


This episode is brought to you by LinkedIn. if you're hiring during the summer season, it's important to find the right people for the right role. Especially if you want your business to thrive. Like with baseball, if you wanna win, you need a pitcher who can clean up. You need batters with a 250 average or higher at least who can get on base outfielders with good field averages like Aaron Judge to find the right players. you need LinkedIn jobs. They have the tools you need to find qualified candidates faster and for free. It's more than just a job board With access to professionals you can't find anywhere else. Even those who aren't actively seeking a new job. In fact, here's an important stat you wanna pay attention to. 70% of LinkedIn users don't visit other leading job sites. So if you're not looking on LinkedIn, you are looking in the wrong place. Especially if you're a small business. LinkedIn knows you guys wear a lot of hats, keep things running. I was a small business Once upon a time you might not have the time or resources to hire. That's why they make things simple. Helping 86% of small businesses find candidates within 24 hours. So go hire the right professionals for your team. Post your job for free at LinkedIn dot com slash simmons. That's LinkedIn dot com slash simmons to post your job for free terms and conditions apply.


What's up everybody? Chris Ryan, Sean Fantasy Bill. Simmons. We had to get it on. We are here at BJ's on Alvarado at 2:00 AM to talk about the distinct possibility that we might be getting Heat two, it's July 18th when we're recording this. On July 16th. Michael Mann talked to the LA Times And he premiered this whole crazy Website. Yeah, his archives. Yeah, his archives, which is like his own film school, his own like it's, it's an incredible database. When Am I gonna be at this point in my career where I'm just unleashing giant Massive archives. Oh, uncut. Page two columns. Yeah. Yeah, that sounds good. Let's do that right now. And anyway, he said to the LA Times that he hopes to be shooting heat two by the end of this year or the beginning of next year.


So he Basically said I had to get it on. Yeah, There's been strong rumors that this is like Austin Butler is in this movie. So this is becoming like increasingly a reality Catching Austin Butler at this moment. Austin Butler's having, Yes. Yes. And that he would be playing Chris j Harless. He would be playing the Val Kilmer part As the, so the lead would be Chris I that is half of the heat two novel. So this is gonna be based on the novelization of this idea was Meg Gardner and Michael Mann co-wrote this novel Heat two part of it is a prequel to Heat and it's Neil and Vince in Chicago and and in the west kind of taking down scores and stopping guys.


You take down scores and then half of it is Chris in South America after Heat. So After heat, Yeah. Is it gonna be young Neil and CR and and Vince in Chicago and around there and then it's gonna be split in half. So It's one or the other. Or it could be both and yeah. Godfather, it could be two parallel Universe. Yes. See I intentionally was trying not to read about any of this. 'cause You wanna go in fresh. I'm worried. I was wondering about like, you guys are, you guys are the counterweights to my enthusiasm for this. I even, I I I think How dare You? Well you're worried you're, he's I think that you've expressed some cynicism about I wrote the book period.


Michael Mann. I'm worried the same way. I'd be worried if Larry Bird was like, I'm thinking about playing again. I took, I shot in the backyard yesterday and it felt great and I I think I could be a stretch four. So you were not, that would make me worried. You were not A fan of Ferrari. I don't know how strongly I could say that I wasn't a fan of Ferrari. Wow. It was exceptionally exquisitely well done. And I almost went into a coma. Okay. I don't think you would have that problem with heat too. I would've said I wouldn't had that problem with Ferrari. Yeah. How are you feeling about this? Very torn Michael Mann that, does he share a birthday with Joe Biden?


How? Like they're roughly the same age. That's not ideal. It's tough. It's hard to make movies When you get in your eighties. Why are you getting so Michael Mann's not allowed to make movies, but Ridley Scott and Francis, He's are not allowed. It's like this is Sacred ip. It's, this is like a Coppola's like Godfather four is happening. It's very similar to Gladiator two and the jury's out on Gladiator two. I'm very excited for Gladiator two. If heat two is happening, I would be there opening day. I like Austin Butler. Yeah, that's what I'm saying. We we're all gonna Be there day. I'm like, I'm in, I'm in. But what does It do? Thanks guy. Thanks for going to Heat two. What, What, what else am I doing? What does it do to not just Heat's legacy.


It's Dangerous But the Five Heat. The six Heat. Yeah, the seven Heat. Like all, all the plans that you guys have And also why aren't we involved? That's the bigger question for me. Yeah, if you're gonna do heat too, like I'm right fucking here and CR is right fucking there. Yeah. Like we should be involved some way. Like is there a whole backstory of Dennis Haysbert the chef character pre prison or maybe in prison and he's just like, there's a whole prison basketball Scamming scene. Is that what he came outta heat wondering? What was his Backstory? We're going backwards. I'm like, let's, let's fucking go backwards. Wait, Let's go back for one second. So because you have podcasted about heat three times, you think you should be creatively involved four times in the execution of Heap two?


Yes. You know what? It brings up a good idea though. I yes Fra frankly. Yes. Would you be more or less excited if this was executive produced, maybe even written by Michael Mann, but directed by someone else? No. No. 'cause I think the directing is the one thing he's still really good at. That's what, that's what He's the race sequences in Ferrari. Yeah. Yeah. Are sick. He still has that. There's no question about it. He still has that. Is this I've read the book like it's okay. Yeah. It's not, it's it's, it's okay. Is it good Enough to sustain? Is it do are you saying that because of the story or because of the writing? I don't, I, 'cause I think the story is actually pretty cool.


Like, okay. You could just, I look, I, we have to accept the fact that no matter what something else about heat will get made while we're alive. Like, oh this will become ip. They will be like someone out there is gonna make a heat adjacent story or heat sequel or heat prequel. Like there's just no chance this is not being sold off at some point. So I would just as soon have Michael Mann do it. Even if, if it's black hat level. Let me pose a, a hypothetical Team. So do you think Bird could play 10 minutes for the Pacers? Let's say you open up the Hollywood reporter tomorrow morning, there's a story in development cruising two starring Al Pacino Cruising two Current Current Pacino or DH Pacino.


Yeah. Looking back on his career Cruising two And then we're recasting someone into Pacino in the eighties, but we're making a new story. He's now really experimenting with both murder and his sexuality. Yes. Right. Are you like, hell yeah, we need more cruising. No, I'm not. And it that to me the better analogy is Godfather four where COPPA is like, let's go back one more time. What are like he's just at dinner with somebody and they say what? Like I'll make you whole for Megalopolis. I'm gonna, I'm gonna pay you all back. And then some The right party guest is just going, you ever think about what would happen with the Corleone now? And he's like, yeah, Corleone iss in the eighties, you know what haven't, and then all of a sudden he's sketching out and now we have Godfather four.


Like sometimes it's okay for IP to just end. I agree with you. But it's since it's never going to, or it won't least, at least in this era, I'd rather Michael Mann do it. I think listen, We support the Michael Mann franchise. I think, I think we've done all of his movies on the re watchable except for like four. And if he's gonna do it, we're gonna support it. It just makes me nervous. There's like Five directors out there that I'd be like, I'm kind of curious what you would do with this. Like Denny Vinu, Christopher Nolan, people who've been obviously very influenced By it. Yeah. Now if, if it's like Michael Mann is working with Nolan and they're figuring out he too now my nipples are hard.


Interesting. Like rock hard. Is that like a new scale we can create? Oh yeah. Like a hardness scale of Bill's nipples. Yeah. No, but it's, you know, I, that part's really interesting to me of man working with a younger Yep. Like really peaking great filmmaker and collaborating with them, but also like, it doesn't sound like Michael Man's that much fun to collaborate with. I don't know. He's kind of a kind of a, That's not the barometer man force, that's not the test we use for whether or not directors are great though. I just think some people are solo acts that do their own shit. I can't see him taking a younger Oh, I see what you Mean. You know what I mean? Like working with a partner and Yeah. Yeah. He Kind of does his own thing. Your best quality and you have many great qualities, but your best quality is your loyalty.


And this is, this is a true show of your loyalty. His worst quality is real estate his best quality? Just all things real estate? Just real estate. No, he is just been Trying to, doesn't buy a house for Years, just doesn't get it. But he doesn't understands I need in 30 seconds we need to drop Everything If I feel the heat around the corner. And in this case it would be a bar Stool C When you're Bar stool. Chris, where's Chris? He's in Chicago. Oh No. Why is he there? I Here's another thing. Okay. How popular do we actually think heat is? It's, it's certainly the foundation of this podcast and we love it.


And in our universe it's one of the great movies ever made. But does everyone feel that way? Like if Heat two comes out, is it, What is this big as Barbie? No, I, I'm just, but I do think What Sean, what what is you're, you're a little more rational with Heat. What is Heat Two in the theaters? When is it released? What month does it come out? What's the best marketing plan for it? I think it's an October movie that might get some awards consideration, but is mostly just a, like a crowd pleasing play. It's a movie for adults. It's probably gonna cost north of $200 million to get all of the talent on board and the scope of the story. Is There another bank robbery? I mean He, there are, there are robberies in heat too.


Yes, He would, he has to, I think just to live up to the billing of the movie. I think it's like simultaneously a big hit and a cult movie at the same time. The cult aspect of it makes it feel bigger than it is because the people who love it live by it Talk about it a lot. Yeah. The Stakes are frightening to me. I the most, one of the most disappointing experiences of my life. Not movies, but just life. Well that's, that's probably a little overboard but another four, eight hours. I was so upset after I understand. And I Was just like, oh, we're doing this. We're bringing back Reggie and Jack Case I would not want this. It's my favorite movie ever. And then it just was like, Fuck man.


If they Irishman De Niro and Pacino, I would not want it. I would point to the underperformance of Fiosa and say, careful what you wish for. A lot of people love fur. You know, I was not as high on itm. Some people were, but the appetite for that movie was not as big as some people thought there was. Which is the fair with heat. I I'm surprised as a content lord, that you're turning down the opportunity to dream cast this movie for the next three months on your podcast. No, I Mean the, the the suggested cast of Driver, Adam, Driver, Austin Butler and Anna to Armas is a home run. That's a home run. That's three people I love seeing in movies that I think are great. And Oscar, Isaac, Adam Driver, he's Red Hot and Oscar Isaac.


He's what? He's red hot. Gotta grab him before somebody else snaps him up. It's outta a hot streak. People love coming after him. Did you see White Noise? Listen, I, Austin Butler's exciting. I don't know, maybe the Adam Driver partnership maybe should have ended that for Ferrari. You can't possibly be more excited about Austin Butler and Heat than you are Adam, driver and Heat. No, I like Adam Driver. It's fine. Yeah, He's well suited to heat. Yes. He's a Little too big to be either of those guys. Certainly they'll have to put him in a like a hole in the ground half the time. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. He's just too Tall. Do we want this set in the future or the past?


I would prefer it actually if the, if if you're asking me right now what's my, my, this would be like my number one suggestion is just do the Christopher Hurles thing and just In the future of the Past with all due respect, outcome, or just be like, it's Austin Butler is Val Kilmer the day he leaves Los Angeles. Yeah. See I'm fine with that because I think TV shows and movies are always afraid to do that and to pick up something with a different actor. Yeah. And I don't think they should be, that Show is way closer to Black Hat than it is heat. 'cause that story, that story in in the novel is closer to international crime syndicates that kind of, And we think like that's a good idea for me Too. I mean look, bill and I love Black Hat.


I try it again. It took me did you seven years, did you watch Black Hat? Thinking of my cut while you were watching It. Can I watch the Director's cut? What happened when we did the Black Cat Pod? I would've like top five least successful pod we've ever released. It didn't do well on the feed. It didn't do well, didn't Succeed. People don't like that movie. Yeah, because it, it doesn't work. But the dudes who like it like swear by it would You Rather Heat was like this awesome super well done version of a Michael Mann movie or closer to the Den of Thieves type of Oh No, I ha I wanna, I need, I need i I needed to stay in the man Spiritual. I like that question though, which is like, is the better movie he being the Bee movie?


Yeah. That's an interesting Idea. That's where I've landed. 'cause I don't know Man Heat Two with Gerard Butler Because this would be a movie that would be like prestigious and would have like a big fancy Premiere. Yeah. I I don't want that from Heat too. if you come in that way, I want like, I want like Chris being unable to give up the lifestyle and we're Robin Banks again. Yeah. Then that's it. The other thing, you know, when Michael calls me, I'm happy to talk to this Batam. We'll see. Maybe we'll go to Dantana's and talk about some ideas and Not after this conversation. You won't Fair. I really like setting this in the future and I like this model that Beverly Hills cop tapped into.


Were just like, we're now here in 2024 four Contemporary Heat with characters and IP that I like and we're just going forward and would seem like the move to me is like, think of the original crew. Like what if a couple of them stayed together? The, the the Sons and daughters. Mm. Oh like Like Chris's Sizemore Kid. Yeah. Son of Keith. Chris's son is now 34 and Sizeism More's kid is in there. Maybe they're just buddies and they're, or they're at some 35th. Yeah, 30th three. They're toing from a Hollywood Hills home. Yeah. They're just like my dad out or they're being part See this, I'll tell, I'll give Michael this idea, but I'll give this guys to you now And to YouTube.


Somebody's doing a documentary about the Heat crew, right? Like a nine parter on Netflix. Okay. Yep. Jason Ed's Heat And the two and Sizemore kid and Chris's kid are both scheduled for interviews that like the, the Four Seasons of Beverly Hills and they're like one's at one, one's at two 30. It's Alex, Alex Gibney. Yeah. Kind of run into each other and they decide to go get coffee and they, and it's like, fuck it, let's keep the legacy going. Do you think that'll have the same weight as Al Pacino and Robert De Niro sharing a scene for the first time? Me, Austin Butler and, and Adam Driver, the sons of of the original crew Fantasy's in Sounds Good.


I mean I'm in Two but we also get to parody the documentary. I mean world. I mean the thing is That's that's definitely a, a high on my priority list. Let's slam documentaries in Heat two. If Heat two was a complete fucking fiasco D minus movie that lost $180 million, I still would be like, I'm pretty pumped to see Heat two. Yeah. So The well lemme give you, this is kind of moot. Can we give you percentages Seesaw? I'm offering you 20% chance he two is really good. 80% chance it's a fucking Disaster. I'll take it, I'll take it. If it's gonna happen either way, I would too. And would You, what about 10 90?


I would take And I am loyal and I don't want him to be done. I have nothing to lose. I don't want him to be done. And I think, I think it's just like, it's obviously something he's still very passionate about there. Are you talking about Joe Biden or Michael? Man, I'm just trying to keep track. I my like the industry part of my brain is very dubious that a studio is gonna give him $250 million. I agree. I agree that To make agree. I Think after Ferrari, that's no way that's Happening. I don't think he is gonna be able to get that. I hope it happens. No, I know I agree with you regardless of this conversation, but I don't think that's Happen. He's not gonna make this cheaply. That's not even a prediction. There's no way after Ferrari he's getting a hundred plus million dollars to do another giant movie like that. Yeah, I don't, I don't just don't see it happening.


Oh, this made me feel better. Well, but I'll say what, what I think part of the reasoning behind all this stuff this week is he's doing the Absolutely. He's fishing. Yeah, Absolutely. And his archives is a cool idea and a good thing and people should check it out. I looked at it, I looked at all the Ferrari stuff and it's fascinating. So that stuff is great. We should celebrate that. I think it's gonna be Heat two set in Abu Dhabi funded by whatever and that's how he gets the money. That's Inspiring stuff. Bill, Simmons, Sean Fennessey. God Cr just got bummed out there. Well 'cause it's like if you're gonna take my favorite movie ever made and just be like, let's just carve it up among Petro States. Yeah. I'm gonna be a little bit bummed out about that.


Do you wanna hear what you wanna hear or do you wanna have your friends be realistic with you? What do you want Maybe? it shouldn't get made then if that's, if that's the alternative. I'm sorry Chris, I'm sorry. I Would vote. Tread carefully with Sacred ip. I Know Godfather For, But they're fucking making Gladiator two and there's five Alien movies and six terminal movies. I have News Flash for you guys. Gladiator two is probably gonna be bad. Well, like my hopes are not high. Whitney Scott's 87. Well you know what? Until we see it, we can have hope. You know what I am excited for Double Worst Prada too. All right. I think that's gonna be good. Yeah. Thank you for watching us. Please subscribe to Ringer movies. What Happened to Miranda.


All right, that's it for the podcast. Thanks to Tara Paul. Mary, thanks to Bryan Curtis, thanks to Jesse Lopez for producing Thanks to Steve Saru as well. And thanks to Sean Fantasy and Chris Ryan. Don't forget new re watchable coming tomorrow. We're doing No Way Out. That will be on Monday night and you can watch it on The Ringer movies YouTube channel as well. you can watch some of the clips from this podcast on the Bill Simmons YouTube channel. I might see you later this week. I might be doing another podcast on Thursday, so stay tuned for that and enjoy the next few days.