
Coming up, football, food, wrestling. It's all Next.


It's The Bill, Simmons Podcast presented by FanDuel Football. Finally back you can dive into all the action With FanDuel, they have the best betting app. They have the most bets, they have parlays, they have same game parlays, they have boosts. I'm gonna be doing boosts every single week during the NF NFL season. And you can trail those. I love FanDuel. The app is safe, secure, and easy to use. And when you win, you'll get paid instantly. Plus, look out for FanDuel Squares this NFL season. Visit FanDuel dot com slash bs to download America's number one Sportsbook The Ringer is committed to responsible gaming. Please visit rg help.com to learn more about the resources and helplines available. And listen to the end of the episode for additional details. Must be 21 plus President select States's game problem called winning 800 gam. Visit rg help.com.


This episode is brought to you by Michelob ULTRA at Superior Lap Beer. Michelob b ULTRA good for so many things. Camping barbecues cheering on your favorite team, but it's especially great to have while watching a basketball game or while sitting outside on a nice summer night. Thinking about a basketball game. People you know they'll, they'll mess around with the Michelob Ultras. Maybe they'll put a little orange slice on it. Maybe they'll pour it in A nice cold, frosty mug. I'm a bottle guy. I like bottles like grabbing the Michelob ULTRA like drinking outta the bottle. I've actually, as I've been getting older, I went through a phase where I wasn't drinking a lot of beer. Now I feel I'm drinking as much beer as I have in a long time, especially during the summertime. And Michelob. ULTRA is perfect. Well, it may not be basketball season yet. The preseason will be here before you know it. So make sure you stock up while you can Order a pack of Michelob ULTRA today. Have it delivered through doordash.com. Enjoy it responsibly. Copyright 2024 Anheuser-Busch Michelob B ULTRA Registered Light Beer St. Louis, Missouri.


We're also brought to you by The Ringer. Podcast Network. I put up a new re watchable episode last night with Kyle Brant. We did over the top with Sylvester Stallone, a movie about truck driving and arm wrestling and child custody. We had an absolute blast making fun of it. you can find that episode on The Ringer movies YouTube channel. you can find all of the quips and videos from this podcast on the Bill Simmons YouTube channel. And if you like the WNBA, check out The Ringer WNBA show, which we launched last week, which is covering the playoffs right now. See it Sohi. It's an excellent podcast. So please check that out. Follow it on wherever you're getting your podcasts. So for this one, we're gonna talk to Sheil Kapadia at the top about football.


We're gonna talk to my friend Dave Chang about Washington football and food and I'm gonna make Chang mad. And then last but not least, and Shoemaker and I are gonna talk about what it was like to work on this Vince McMan documentary, the last four plus years. It is premiering on Netflix September 25th, but really late night September 24th if you're a late night owl. So we spent a lot of time on it. We're gonna talk about that at the end. It's all Coming up next first, our friends from World.


All right, Sheil Kapadia from the Ringers here. We're taking this on Tuesday morning, west Coast time. We're gonna talk about disappointments and train wrecks. But let's, let's start a tiny bit positive. You Host the Philly The Ringer Philly special for us. You also are on The Ringer NFL show. But the Eagles, their defense actually showed up in week three after not touching Kirk Cousins in week two. Kurtz is still all over the place. You're in a division where Dallas looks bad. Washington might be exciting with what's happened with Jayden Daniels. We're talk about that with Chang later. Where are we with the Eagles? Is this team just an enigma? What is it? Yeah, I think it's the perfect season for Eagles fans.


It mi, I might have said this on your pod last year, but when they win games, but the fans can still be filled with rage. That's like the sweet spot for a Philadelphia sports fan. And that's kind of what it feels like. It is. I mean, Nick Ani couldn't have had a worst start to the season. I mean a coach on the hot seat and he is making bizarre decision after bizarre decision. The on field product. It's like, are they good? Are they not? They're okay. Yeah, I think the floor is high. So I don't know. I, I think you're right. They're an enigma. Let's see more. But it's just like any Sunday, anything can happen with this team. Did you ever get an explanation for why he went for it at the end of the first half on fourth and one with a run play with no time outs left when the only good outcome would've been scoring a touchdown?


No. It's really interesting because they're one of the few teams in the NFL where the owner is like pro analytics and is like, we will give you the resources, follow what the chart says every time. And that's been one of the big storylines of the season is that Siri's not doing that. He's kind of going rogue and he's like, I gotta follow my gut. And it's like some coaches have earned the benefit of the doubt with that kind of thing. He is not one of 'em, right? Like he's coaching for his job. So it's like one of the only situations where ownership would, this would be a big deal for them. And you're right, I mean he goes forward in that spot. He says he overrides the play call from Kellen Moore. So the organization hires Kellen Moore as the offensive coordinator and then in this high leverage spot fourth and one Sirianni says to the media that he overrides the play call and it's a disastrous play call.


So he said, you know, he thought it was a good call. You get a couple shots at the end zone after that. But just a another bizarre decision that that's really characterized their entire season so far. That was beyond bizarre. Like I sometimes you can see the outcome we're like, all right, I get it. He's being aggressive. Yeah, that there was no being aggressive about it because there was no scenario where that worked out unless the runner just broke through and ran for 15 yards and scored a touchdown. Otherwise it's a loss. Every other scenario is a bad outcome. Yeah, I've never seen anything dumber than that. I thought when, when they were down 12 seven, I thought for sure they were gonna lose. And then I thought he might get fired after the game.


Like it was that bad. And then all of a sudden, two Saints collide, Godard, the one guy in the field who you have to cover somehow gets open for 60 yards and they steal the game. But you're right. It's like, how do you feel good about that if you're an Eagles fan, other than Jalen Carter was an absolute all time monster in that game. So I don't know what else you would feel good about Saquon. Sequan is, oh, sequ. Yeah. I mean he might've saved their season. Yeah, you're right. I mean they're down three nothing in the fourth quarter. Devonte Smith goes out with a concussion and it was like, is this gonna be rock bottom for this tenure? And then Saquon reels off a 65 yard touchdown run. So he might have like, we might look back if they make the playoffs or you know, Siri saved his job and be like, eh, Saquon Barkley saved the season in week three.


It's funny because, so Swift leaves and goes to Chicago for 24 million. The giants decide they don't need Saquon and I guess signed Devon Ary and then the Eagles are like, we'll take Saquon. But it was so funny, like the Bears probably should have just signed Saquon, right? If they're gonna spend 24 million on Swift, maybe spend 35 million on Saquon, maybe don't do Keenan Allen maybe try to get alignment. But it's just, it's so funny when you see the season start and then you realize like, why didn't they just, why didn't they go this way? Why spend 24 million on Swift when you could just spend 36 on on Saquon? Anyway, I, I, yeah, he's been awesome.


I mean he is, I think he's the favorite for offensive player of the year now on FanDuel. And he's, he's played like it. He's, yeah, he has. And I've been at the school that like, oh, running backs, you know, I don't know, do you wanna spend that much on a guy going into his seven season? And he's just kind of like totally changed my mind on it through three weeks. He's just been a revelation where it's like, there are plays where you can pause it and you're like, there's nowhere to go here. And then you look up and it's an eight yard run and then those 12 yard runs that are blocked for 12 yards, he turns into like 40 yard runs. So aside from the one drop he had, you know, at the end of that Falcons game in week two, right? He, he's just kind of saved them. I don't know where they'd be without him. All right, let's talk, since we just went positive on Saquon, let's shift and we'll go.


Disappointing. I asked to do five favorites, five train wrecks, five disappointments. What's the title? I did five biggest bummer seasons through Week three. So the fan bases are just like this, you know, this isn't kind of going the way we were hoping it would go. So I was trying to figure out the right, right way to phrase it through three weeks. So that's what I came up with. So Five biggest bummers, we're gonna go five to one. Yeah. So your fifth biggest bummer is who? San Francisco. 49 ERs. They're one and two. They blow a 10 point lead against the Rams. I'm not writing them off, but if you were a 49 ERs fan going into the season and you're like super, this kind of feels like a Super Bowl hangover season with all the offseason drama. Now Christian McCaffrey's going to Germany Bill, which you've been on this for like 10 years, it's not good when Guy goes to Germany, Nobody excited to me.


Yeah, I got a bunch of texts, they're like, oh, Germany, watch McCaffrey here. He's, yeah, it's like you've been making that joke for a decade and now he's actually, it's actually a headline. Christian McCaffrey is going to Germany to get his Achilles checked out. So that's not great. They played it without Deebo Samuel and George Kittle on Sunday. Their defensive tackle Jevon Hargrave is now likely out for the season. So it's like all these things together. And I actually think Brock Purdy's playing well, like their offense over, I totally agree. 400 yards of offense on Sunday. He was without any of those guys. He was really good. So that's the bright spot. If you're a nine Rs fan, you're like, we still have Shanahan Purdy's playing. Well we can still save this thing. But just the injuries and then the, the way the defense is playing and you're one and two, it hasn't gone the way you would've liked.


Yeah. So we're thinking about this three months from now and the Niners are fine. We're like, oh remember after week three? Yeah. We'd probably look back and go, well Minnesota Defense week two, they were buzz saw, right? Week three bunch of injuries, they're up 14, nothing fake punt game flips and the Rams just kind of steal the game. And then we panicked, we're like, oh my God, the Niners what? And then all of a sudden they were fine. I guess the hard grave thing was the one that really made me pause. 'cause now you're gonna be able to run on 'em. I would, I would assume, unless they have some secret dude, you know, up their bench who's just gonna come in and stuff and stuff.


The run, I already felt like they were a little vulnerable. It felt like you could move the ball on them and throw on them. Especially if you're behind and now it feels like you're gonna be able to run on them combined with like they pay IU who hasn't really done anything. Yeah, they get this crazy game outta Jennings, Debo and Kittle getting hurt is the least surprising. You know, like I'm just factoring that in those guys eight games a year. But my big fear for them, Sheila, is that the NFC West might be really good. It might just be one of those where we might have three playoff, Sal and I talked about it Sunday. There might be three playoff teams and I don't even know which three it's gonna be. I've been really impressed by Arizona. I think they're legit like a little frisky. So you know, I look at the Niners and I go, are they one more injury away from being the year from hell team?


'cause right now it's either them or the Rams for the year from health team. Right? Unless you're gonna say Sensei, Yeah, I'm with you. You kind of give their offense the benefit of the doubt. Like the floor is, it is gonna be pretty high unless like Purdy goes down or, or some one more injury happens. But defensively they make that coordinator change in the off season and now they've got injuries. And like their defense was not good in that. I mean, their defense kind of, their defense and special teams blew that game. I, I don't, I really don't think it was the offense's fault on Sunday. So you're right. I mean there's no walkover in the NFC West where you just like chalk that up to a win. The Cardinals can score, the Rams can score as long as Stafford's healthy and then the Seahawks can kinda win in different ways. So yeah, I I'm with you that that division's gonna be competitive all the way through.


Do you agree with me on Arizona? 'cause I thought they've had two losses and I really thought both losses were good losses. I think you can have good losses. I was impressed with how they hung with Buffalo. I was impressed with how they hung last week. I just, I think they're in these games they hung with Detroit. Detroit was, felt like they were gonna go up by 30 and they just never did. Yeah, I think offensively I buy into the Cardinals. I I, I think Kyler was a little bit off last week, but he was really good the first two weeks. So I think they're gonna be able to move the ball and score most weeks. They might have like the most getable defense though in the NFL. Yeah, in the n yeah. Like the Lions couldn't put him away last week. But I just think if you look at it week to week, I mean they just don't have players on defense.


I, I don't know what scheme you drop there. So that's what I worry about. But I think they'll play entertaining games and I think their offense is gonna keep 'em in a lot of games. Don't sleep on how bad Washington's defense is. I mean, burrow. Yeah, I don't Cincinnati. I don't think they punted yesterday. They didn't. All right. So on the Niners last thing, it's, it's probably more fun for the NFL if they have a year from hell season. Just 'cause that's going to infuse some new blood in the NFC. The big picture piece though of, of this is the last year with Purdy on the deal that he is on and it, you start thinking about Windows with the NFL, which are always 3, 4, 5 years maybe. And then you really have to reinvent your window and it, you know, that was my feeling with them heading into the year.


Like what, what's the window of this team? Can they sustain it? Can they extend it? And this has not gone well. And now having McCaffrey hurt, the reason you got McCaffrey for not even having to go up for first round pick is 'cause he's injury prone. Well he lasted a year, he got injured so there's, yeah, there's some red flags everywhere, but Rams have red flags. Arizona's defense. Yeah, Seattle's already banged up, has lost a couple guys they can't block. So fascinating vision. All right, let's go. You're number four. Biggest bummer Number four is the Chicago Bears. And I was deciding, should I put them on here? 'cause you're, if you're a Bears fan, you're like, we still get to watch Kalb Williams every week. We still have hope. There's some excitement here, but the infrastructure around this guy is a complete disaster.


They are 32nd in offensive DVOA through three weeks. Wow. They've the worst of offense in the NFL. Their offensive line is a mess. Do you wanna guess what their running backs are? Averaging yards per carry. It can't be more than like three yards a carry. Right? 2.3 yards per carry bill. Oh my God. 56 carries for 130 yards. They had this sequence against the Colts where they have first in goal from the four yard line, they go direct Snap to Khalil Herbert, then they go two more runs to Khalil Herbert. And then on fourth in goal they run one of the worst plays. You'll see all season speed option with ka bad they lose two who loses 12 yards on fourth and goal from the one.


Like we've watched a lot of football. I've never seen that before in my life. So I was thinking like if the athletic came out with an article this week and was like, the Bears haven't been practicing this season, I'd be like, oh, okay. Yeah, no, that, that, that's what it looks like. It's looked like that since week one. So this isn't like a Caleb Williams take this is just like, do they know what they're doing there? Because the Colts maybe had the worst run defense in the NFL. They couldn't run the football on them. Caleb Williams I think dropped back to pass like 52 times in that game. Yeah, they're, they're having issues with just like calling timeouts before two point conversions and stuff. They don't look like a well-coached team. I thought their formula coming into the season was very good defense.


And can you create like a mediocre offense? Can the line be good enough? Because I think that would've been good enough to make the playoffs and their offense just right now is a complete disaster. So the Bears to me as someone who picked them to make the playoffs and now they're plus two 90 to make the playoffs after three weeks, they're having a bummer of a season They can't block. Yeah. They're number one in the, they can't block rankings somehow ahead of the Patriots who also can't block. But that play, you mentioned that fourth down play at all the games on and they were in the left corner TV and I'm watching everything and I knew it was fort down, but two things happened and then I look back and I just see a Bears guy going backwards and I'm like, wait, what?


Why is that guy going backwards? I thought it was fort down and, and they somehow ran a play that had somebody go backwards eight yards. The coaching, it's really tough to say this with Sirianni and Doug Peterson and some of the coaching disasters we've seen this season, but I, I think Iber flu is up there as they seem the least prepared. The coaching decisions during the game are bad. It doesn't seem like they have any idea had to use timeouts or challenges. And then for Caleb, when they can't b for 'em, they still have 'em going back and, you know, going backwards and trying to look for guys for four or five seconds and he doesn't have four or five seconds. So, you know, before the season, Jaden Daniels was I think six to one for Rookie of the year and Caleb was plus one 20.


And we talked about it on our future pods. I know you did too. We were like, yeah, why are those odds so different? Like what, what, what evidence do we have that Jaden Daniels isn't in as good of a situation as Caleb and everyone was saying this is the best situation anyone's walked into. They can't fucking block and their coach sucks. So not a good situation. And you need a coordinator in 2024 where if you don't have a great offensive line, they can scheme around it. Like we see that with guys, Mike McDaniel, Kyle Chana, Ann, you look at those teams and you're like, oh, they, they don't have the best offensive lines, but they figure out ways to scheme around it. And Shane Waldron of the Bears, like, I was like, all right, this guy, it seems like an upgraded offensive coordinator. They're not doing anything to scheme around their offensive line weaknesses.


And now you look at Seattle, he came over from the Seahawks and it's like, Seahawks look like they're, you know, they're operating a little bit better without him. So now you have to revisit that coaching decision. So yeah, I, if I, I were a Bears fan, I would just be like, we can't let Caleb Williams develop bad habits this season where it's like next year or two years from now. It's like, oh well that rookie year they couldn't block for him and so he started bailing from the pocket or you know, he sustained an injury that that has to be like their number one goal for the rest of the season. I thought it was gonna be their goal going into last week. 'cause they're facing the cult. It's like that should be a get right game. And meanwhile they still can't run the football or protect him. Who leads the league in Zach Wilson's this year of going back to pass immediately panicking and rolling out to the right and then throwing out abounds.


'cause it's, it's Caleb or Deshaun probably in the finals for that, right? Yes. Well that, that's gotta be Deshaun Watson who we will get to here in a minute. Okay, let's go. What's your number three? Bummer Three is the Cincinnati Bengals. And I have been in on the Bengals, I've been saying don't the Bengals are gonna be fine and their O in three bill, but their offense is really playing well. They have a top five offense by any metric. You look at, you mentioned it Monday night, they did not punt, they did not turn the football over. Seven possessions, four touchdowns, two field goals and a missed field goal. If they would've gotten one stop on defense, one fourth punt, they win that game. They're one and two we're saying, wow, Joe Burrow, Jamar Chase that looked great.


You know, the Bengals kind of turned their season around and they can't get a stop on defense. And so now they're oh and three were since 2000 I think one team has made the playoffs after they're oh and three. And so the bummer is just that bur like if you would've told me before the season Bengals are oh and three, what would we have said? We would've said, oh, Burrough's not healthy. Oh, did Jamar chase get injured? Ah, the offense, you know, it's just not working. No Burrough's healthy and playing well, chase is out there, Higgins is back, the offense is working and they're still oh and three. And so now you zoom out and you say, well they might lose Higgins after the season. And how many healthy seasons are you gonna get from Borough going forward? I mean, hopefully a lot, but you don't know. And so I feel like they're kind of wasting a season right now at oh and three.


Although I might be the only person in the world who's still like, I'm not totally out on 'em. It's a long season. Let let, let's see what happens. But yeah, they've just dug themselves a hole unnecessarily. Yeah, I'm looking at the oh and three. So wow, 2018 Texans was the last one. 11 and five. Wow. Before that 1998. Bills 10 and six. Whew. 95 Lions 10 and six. It's in the last 30 years there's been three total. Not likely. Yeah. I'm kind of with you. I look, their defense sucks. I don't know what happened to it. They didn't have a pass rush at all. I don't think hendrickson's healthy, but it just feels like you can move the ball on them whenever you want.


And we've seen that over and over again. But I liked how they played against the Chiefs. I liked how their offense looked last night against a crappy Washington defense. The question for me is, what's the seven seed win total? Mm. If it's nine, I can't count 'em out. If it's 10, that means they have to go 10 and four down the stretch. They're in a really hard division. Right. And yeah, and their defense isn't good and 10 and four doesn't seem realistic to me, but nine and five isn't inconceivable. Yeah, it's defensively. I don't know what their answers are. Like they add a couple defensive tackles out last night, but it's like you have to figure something out. I mean their run defense was an issue last year and going into the season and it hasn't been fixed at all here.


So I don't know that there's a fix. I think they could be a feisty team. I, I think their offense, like if you just look at it historically, if you have a top five offense, you're in the playoffs every year, right? Like if you, you can take everything else out of it. And there's almost no precedent for having that good of an offense and not making the playoffs. That's why I'm not totally counting them out. But it does feel like, man, what a wasted opportunity. They were what, seven and what were they? Seven and a half point favorites in week one against the Patriots, something like that. And then seven and a half point favorites on Monday night. You lose both those games. Like they went into the season with an easy schedule and now two games that were supposed to be easy wins. You lost both of those. So they on A tough spot. The was indefensible. I mean they scored 10 points against the Pats yesterday.


They didn't punt. So in two weeks in week one, they seemed like a team that hadn't practiced or run any preseason reps. And week three their offense actually looked good and it still didn't matter. Yeah, I can't count 'em out yet because what do we see? The Packers last year were three and six and made the playoffs. Yeah, Something like That. So if the Bengals can get to three and six, but I just, there's teams I like more in the A FCI guess would be the counter, right? Definitely Buffalo. Probably the Jets. There's an a FC South team. I'd like Pittsburgh more than Cincy. I just think their defense is better than anyone in that thing. I would take Baltimore over the over Cincy at this point. Yeah. And then Chiefs and I Where do you stand on the Chargers?


It's, I, I mean now that like Herbert's dealing with the injury, they have one way they can win. Like they can't win in multiple ways. Yeah. Maybe their defense continues to play well and they reel off a couple 50 yard runs each week. I think they're gonna be well coached and I think they're gonna be competitive and feisty. We'll like I, I'm not sure that they're gonna make the playoffs, but I think they'll be in the mix. So they had a bunch of injuries off that week three game and I think that, so they're gonna lose to the Chiefs this week. Suddenly they're two and two and, and maybe they're just gonna be too banged up this year and if Furbert reinjured that ankle and that's not gonna be right for a couple weeks. So maybe they're out. So maybe we have one A FC West team, one A FC South team. I think that's safe.


Buffalo and the Jets. So that's 1, 2, 3, 4. So that would be three from the A FC North. Yeah, They got a chance. So that would be the path. I'm not counting them right. Yeah. Yeah. Well especially like if Cleveland, we I'm I'm sure they're Coming up right now. They're next. So yeah, so maybe Maybe it is nine and eight, nine and eight's doable. All right. Who's your number two? Bummer. Yeah, it is the Cleveland Browns and, and there's really a case for them to be number one. I mean you look at this team, I don't think we've appreciated how terrible Deshaun Watson has been like when we talk about it, we're like, oh he hasn't lived up to the hype. You know, he hasn't been quite what they expected last three years. Bill 39 quarterbacks have had 500 drop backs. He ranks 36th in success rate ahead of Davis Mills, Zach Wilson.


Wow. And Bryce Young, like it's time to take the kid kid gloves off. When we talk about just his on field performance, let alone the off field stuff. He's been one of the worst quarterbacks in the NFL for three years. It's been Complete. Isn't it been one of the worst browns quarterbacks like ever? Like yeah, Austin had a, Austin Gale Had, Austin Gale Had a tweet about that, about he's, and the Browns have had two and a half decades of terrible quarterbacks and he's like at the bottom. Yeah, they their 31st in offensive DVOA. They've had offensive line injuries. I understand that the quarterback makes the offensive line injuries worse. He's gotta be one of the worst quarterbacks to block for. He's a disaster under pressure. He's getting sacked on 12% of his drop backs. And so now what do you do if you're the Browns because of the contract they gave him, which was the only way they were gonna get him 'cause they were the only team that was gonna give him that guaranteed contract.


The minute they gave him that deal, he became the most powerful guy in the organization other than the owner. Yeah, because now if you're the owner, you say we're tied to him for two more years, you're gonna bench him for Jamis Winston and we're paying our backup $46 million per year and we gave up all that draft capital. So that's one. Option two is to keep trotting him out there. I mean, I don't know where that's gonna get you. You've had years to figure this out and now you have your worst offensive line situation, so you can't do that. And then look ahead to the off season. What do are, can you run this back in 2025 with the same coach, the same GM and the same quarterback and say it's gonna be different this year? I don't think so. I think the coach in the GM are, are pretty good.


Like I think they would get hired pretty quickly if they were out there on the open market and now you have this lawsuit and these allegations of sexual assault. So is he gonna be facing a suspension? It's just like this is the one of the most hopeless situations in the NFL. They have no chance to compete in the A FC with this guy and they also have no way out of this. Yeah, I remember this happened, the Celtics in the mid two thousands, they traded for Vin Baker in a max contract and he had a bunch of problems. It turned out he had alcohol issues and he just, his contract just went forever. And the way the salary cap worked, he just looked at it and this was like two thou, I might even written about it the time 2003, 2004. And you just look at it and you go, oh my God, there's no way out of this.


For three years. Like we're we're basically, we we're in the salary cap league and one of our max spots is just a throwaway zero. And this Cleveland situation's way worse than that. Yeah, because it's the quarterback position really. It seems like the only move is to bench him. But now you have so and angry overpaid Deshaun Watson on your bench who might, God only knows what he could do for team chemistry. But I, I don't see any other solution other than to just send them away from the team. Just be like, we'll we'll send your checks every two weeks if I'm the owner. And I, I, I, I guess that's what this guy has. Them's thinking, you guys gotta make this work. if you don't make this work, I'll, I'll get, bring somebody else in to make it work.


Yeah. It's the owner has to realize this has no chance and it doesn't seem like that's happened yet. Right, because they would've replaced him already. Yeah, I mean he would because he, because he signed off on it. I, you know, was he a driving factor Factor trade or did Yeah, So. It's like he, Well he's the one who guaranteed the money when Watson's like, I don't wanna go to Cleveland and has him. It's like what if we guarantee all the money? Exactly. He said All right, I guess I'll go to Cleveland. I mean think about it. No quarterback's gotten that since there've been a lot of great quarterbacks who have signed deals since and we thought, oh is this gonna set a precedent for quarterbacks? Nope. No other team has been willing to do this with any other quarterback. They got desperate, they signed him to that deal. They're one and two, they have the hardest remaining schedule in the NFL. if you look at the betting markets and just like, you know, TE team win totals and Super Bowl odds.


And so there really is no way out for them. I mean if you look at, if they just, Well and Chubb they, they said Oh maybe Chubb can come back week five. Right? It's like I have Chubb on all my fantasy teams. They're saying like week nine. Yeah, it's not, not gonna be week five. Yeah. The offensive line injuries, everything. So Russell Wilson has had the, had the biggest dead cap hit in NFL history, which is just like the amount of money on your salary cap to people who are you who aren't on your team. Yeah. That was 85 million. I think Watson would be like double that. Yeah, it's, if they were to say one 70, it's like one 70 if they cut him. So it's like, is that feasible? At some point you're just gonna be like sunk costs nothing we can do. But I don't know if they're gonna be at that point yet or not. You know what's funny?


You would think in the 2020s we have the history of all the mistakes people have made over the last however many decades of football or any sport. We have way better advanced analytics telling us how to make decisions. We have smarter people, we have even podcasts are smarter and shows are smarter and there's all this good information we have now. And yet we've seen three of the biggest mistakes in the history of the NFL, Russell Wilson, the Bryce Young Trade and Deshaun. Those are, I've been following the NFL for you know, five decades. Those are three of the biggest mistakes since I've been a football fan. And they all happen within the span of three years. It's crazy.


Yeah. How are we still making mistakes like this? Yeah, I was thinking about it with the quarterbacks especially and, and we'll talk about Trevor Lawrence in a minute here, but like watching Josh Allen last night, it's kind of like there is no swing big enough to acquire a player like Josh Allen. He's going to lift everyone around him. Yeah. you can make mistakes elsewhere on the roster and you're probably gonna still win 10 or 11 games. So when you have a chance to get a guy of that caliber, you can take almost any big swing and it'll be justified. But how many of those guys are there? Three, maybe four. And now you have this big middle class of quarterbacks where it's like, do you wanna make excuses for this guy and say he's good and it's the situation around him? Or do you, do you not want to like you could make right, have those arguments for basically guys like six through 20, you know, we could say, well they're good here 'cause their offensive line is good, they're bad here 'cause they're scheming is bad.


And so you can't take the big swings unless you had just have a great feeling that it's gonna be one of those top four or five guys. Otherwise the big swings for just like a competent guy who can be good under the right situations. Those don't make sense. They're, they're too high risk and too low reward. I would include Dak Prescott in that for $60 million a year. And that there's, I might be able to find Sam Darn or Gino Smith or Baker Mayfield and have an extra $50 million a year to spend on other parts of my roster. The the problem is if you don't find those guys then it's like, oh shit, then we have this guy instead then then it's trouble. All right. That leads us number one. You're number, you're Arthur Smith Falcons.


Yeah. Then you're the Arthur and you're just punting every year. Alright. Once the Jacksonville Jaguar's gonna be a big storyline this week with the way they played on Monday night. I talked myself into the Jaguars going into the season. I know you, you did too. Yeah. And there was reason to, they were eight and three last year. Trevor Lawrence battles four different injuries. They get bad turnover, luck, they get they're, they're dropping passes all over the place. It's like this team could rebound and win nine or 10 games they Draft to Brian Thomas Jr. Yeah, like that. Yeah, I was, I was in, there Was a case. Now they're oh and three and we all know it's gonna happen is that Doug Peterson's gonna be out of a job sometime between now and the end of the season. And then there's gonna be this conversation that I just mentioned.


Is it Trevor Lawrence or is it the scheme and the co you know, the coaching and the supporting cast and they mismanaged the roster last three seasons built. Trevor Lawrence has 39 turnovers that's second to Josh Allen and Josh Allen has so many high level plays that I think the turnovers are like completely overrated. Yeah. Because he makes up for them almost every single time. That just hasn't been the case with Trevor Lawrence. He has 25 fumbles over the last three seasons, second to Justin Fields. And the worst part, if you're a Jaguars fan, why they're number one on the bummer list is that he's playing like the worst football of his career right now. I mean before he was really good at avoiding sacks. Now he's getting sacked on 11% of his drop backs.


His accuracy is not good. He's not dealing with pressure. He had that interception Monday night. And so I think what happens is so many people clinging to like what their draft evaluation was of a guy and they're like, no, he had all the tools. He was a generational prospect. Yeah. That we just become blind to what we've seen four years in the NFL. Like there's not much precedent for a guy having 53 starts in the NFL and it's like, well he's not great yet but he's going to become great most of the time. We know at this point in his career. And so if you're a Jaguar fan, I'm not saying he's bad. Like I still kinda like Trevor Lawrence, he's young. I think he'll maybe have a moment down the road here or a season down the road where he looks really good. But I do think we need to kind of reset our expectations and be like, this isn't the guy who was getting drafted one overall, this is a guy we've watched in the NFL and he's had what, one above average season as a starter The first three years were explainable.


Yeah, right. Urban Meyer last year he got hurt. So, and that was one of the reasons I was totally into them in year four. It was like, here we go, he's gonna be healthy. They finally got him a deep weapon like this is, this is it. We're we're on. And and it went backwards. And unfortunately I've watched all three games. I have him on a fantasy team, I have Jack Futures and I really thought they were gonna cover and possibly win last night. And within what a half hour you knew you knew where it was going. I don't know what the answers are. Like, like Ruiz was on my pod last week saying they're gonna fire Fire Peterson and bringing Belichick and it's gonna happen and I, is Belichick gonna put up with some of the shit Trevor Lawrence does?


Like I, we've already seen that. We've already seen that with Mac Jones and Cam Newton, some of these other guys. So I don't know what it is, but it does make me wonder should they have waited to do that extension? What was the benefits of doing the extension? 'cause you still the franchise tag thing, right? You've never actually seen him be awesome and you're just gonna give him two 75 million. Why not wait, I think when you do that then it becomes a D then you're paying gonna be paying even more to your kind of taking a gamble that you know this guy is going to be good enough. I also think that it's okay for them to have given that to 'em.


'cause you know how coaches and teams in the NFL operate, if Trevor Lawrence was on the trade market right now, like He would go after him, I think he'd be shocked by what Trevor Lawrence would get on. But Would he be worth more if he was on his original contract versus this giant extension? Yeah, that that, that's true. Then the team that trades for him though probably is like, well we have to, as part of the trade, we have to sign him to a new deal as well. So I understand why teams do it when you think you have a guy you kind of want, you know, you go earlier rather than later because teams do get desperate and if you really need to move off a guy like the Eagles had to do with Carson Wentz a few years ago. He was the worst quarterback in the NFL and they got great draft capital from the Col. So I still like lean towards pay, you know, if you think, if you feel good about it, go ahead and pay them.


'cause it's kinda like you, you always talk about with the NBA, it's still an asset, you're still gonna be able to move off of him unless it's like a Deshaun Watson type situation. But yeah, he hasn't had the moment yet and now it's just gonna be like, all right, he's gonna be on his third coach in what, five years, another offensive coordinator and what it, what's it gonna look like? Maybe it'll happen for him. It, it still could. I think he can certainly be a solid starter but kind of the guy we expected. Like I was thinking about this, if you flip Josh Allen and Trevor Lawrence, those two quarterbacks on those two teams, I kind of think the Jaguars are a pretty good team and the bills are struggling to make the playoffs now. Yeah it's might be unfair to compare him to Josh Allen, but that just kind of tells you the gap between sort of the elite guys and where someone like Trevor Lawrence might be right now, It's pretty rare to just not have a moment for the first four years of your career and 60 plus starts and then all of a sudden the light switch goes up.


I to to borrow the Nmb analogy and then we'll go like it's a little like we're the Bulls board with Zach Levine, right? Where it's like, well the guy scores 25 points a game, he's not a franchise guy but we don't wanna lose him either and here's a lot of money and now they're now they can't even trade him. And I do feel like we've seen teams get into that bind with quarterbacks. Were like well if we don't have 'em, what are we gonna do for a quarterback? It's like yeah but you're a quarterback you can't win with. I think the difference here is include and I include the two of us. We both thought he was gonna make a leap this year. Yeah there's some sort of disconnect between the talent and what we're that throw he made that that Hamlin pick guy was wide open and they only, him and Anthony Richardson are making throws that bad in the league right now.


Anthony Richardson is the all time hit or Ms. Guy Lawrence isn't hitting him like he's just missing. And I think that's the difference. All right, that was our bummer list. Sh Cap Padia. you can, you can listen to him on The Ringer FL show and on The Ringer Philly special. Read him on The Ringer dot com He had a piece today. Good to see you Sheel. Alright, thanks for having me.


Kick off this N NFL season with a win on FanDuel America's number one sports book. Right now all customers get a profit boost every single NFL game day. That means you can pump up your grid iron winnings multiple times a week. FanDuel tons of ways you can get in on the NFL action. Money lines spreads, player props futures so much more. We do million dollar picks every Thursday here on this podcast. We've been doing well this year. We're up. So look forward to banging out the week four picks with house on Thursday. Plus with super simple live betting lightning fast bet settlement instrument withdrawals. FanDuel makes betting on the L easier than ever before. All you have to do is visit FanDuel dot com slash bs to download FanDuel today. You must be 21 plus in President select states or 18 plus and President DC Opt-in required bonus issued as non archable profit Boost tokens restrictions apply including token exploration C terms for both offers at sportsbook dot FanDuel dot com. Gambling problem call 1-800-GAMBLER or visit rg-help.com.


This episode is brought to you by Paramount plus Paramount Plus, once again, your home to stream the NFL on CBS all season long. Don't miss the thrilling on field accident stream your live local CBS game every Sunday. 'cause they have one every Sunday all the way through the playoffs, including the A FC championship that my beloved Patriots used to win. I love watching the NFL at home every weekend. But you know when streaming is really great, when you have to go somewhere, you can pop it on your phone, you can take the games with you, even if you're flying somewhere. Take the games with you. Visit paramount plus.com/nfl to get started today.


Alright, my friend Dave Chang is here. We haven't done a pod in a while together. I'm not really sure why. 'cause I see you all the time or talk to you all the time. But somehow we forget to just put the headsets on and start talking and we have a lot of stuff to talk about. 'cause you have a quarterback right now. It is beyond exciting. Bill. I gotta be honest, I actually shed a tear last night out of sheer joy. I legit cried and I don't care. I'm letting the world know You. You literally were brought to tears by Jada Daniels 27 yard falling backwards, getting crushed, touchdown passed in the end zone. Yeah. And then hearing Joe Buck and Troy Aikman say we have the real deal, like it's been almost 30 years since we've had a legitimate quarterback.


I mean, and I was talking to other commanders slash Redkins fans, we are blessed to have Joe House and Nathan Hubbard, other fans in your life that love this team. And one of them, one of my many friends said it felt like they were an MDMA. That's how ecstatic we felt. All of us. It was unbelievable. But one of the best days I've had in a long time, We first got to know each other when I was still writing for Grantland and I did a piece about how it was impossible to make Daniel Snyder tell the team, sell the team. This was 10 years ago. Yeah. And and it was, you were talking about putting together a coalition of money to try to buy the team. It's funny, the prices that were being thrown around back then are probably like five times lower than what it is now.


Know. Like, can can I raise million dollars? It, it was gonna take like $2 billion and now it would be like 6 billion for sure. Right? But that's how bleak it was. And then it got worse and then it got worse and then it got worse. Did you, it almost felt like the Washington football was kind of not dead, but it felt like it was going on life support with the fan base. Where were, where were you mentally? It's a, it's been a dark time. You know, I a lot of sadness because for those that are old enough, we're talking about watching the then Redskins at RFK Stadium. That was life. That was what sort of every week needed to start off with was was a Redskins win.


And you know, you had the Smurfs, you had the hogs, Joe Gibbs. That was all I knew and I was, you know, born in a time where we had every opportunity to go to the Super Bowl every year. And it's been heartache and sadness since Dan Snider took over the team and it's been a blessing that he's disappeared from my life. I wonder if he's watching, you think he's watching these games? Like it does, what happens when you sell your team? Do you root against him? How spiteful do you think you get? Oh yeah, I thought I've been thinking about that. Does he, does he keep like a box seat, you know, for himself? Who knows? Yeah, because at the Clipper Games, Sterling's, I guess ex-wife now, whatever she is, she still goes to the games and sits courtside.


And I think that was part of the deal. She's like, I'll facilitate this but I still have to go to the games. And she's there rooting for the Clippers and it's like, this is weird. Your husband destroyed the team for 30 years. Why are you here? I mean, he will go down as one of the top five worst owners in sports history. Don't you agree? Bill Simmons? Did you ever have interactions with them? And Yes, I agree. I've seen him from a distance and I would talk open shit about him at, when we had a restaurant in DC we would hand out fortune cookies and on the back of the fortune cookies it would give you, you know, whatever Fortune and the backside would say, fuck Dan Snyder. And he knew that I disliked him and he did not love me from what I was told So.


it was weird the last season he owned the team. I got an invitation to sit with him in the owner's box. I was like, I'm definitely not. Definitely, Oh my God, why would he do that? I don't know man, but I'm, I'm just, it's like the witch is dead. God bless. So Robert Griffin ii, that was what a fun, I guess four months. He's not as exciting I don't think as Daniels, but at least back then it was like, hey, we might have our first quarterback since the good Mark rip year Basically. Yeah. I mean he won Rookie of the Year. He beat out Andrew Luck that year and, and you know, that was Kyle Shanahan running that offense. We had all those coaches, Sean McVay, et cetera, and who knew that that was gonna be the only year we actually had a decent quarterback, a good quarterback, something that we could be excited about.


And I was thinking last night what it must be like to be a Patriots fan where you had 20 plus years of the same quarterback. Yeah, since 2000. I think we've a 27 different starting quarterbacks and knock on wood that this guy stays upright. He is very thin and he plays fearlessly. So I, I pray to God that he's in my life for 20 years. That would be a, as the maybe after getting married my two sons, this, that would be number four. If he stays around for 20 years. Well, I was watching yesterday, I don't have him on any fantasy teams and I didn't bet on the game. I don't have any futures with Washington. I had no interest at all in the game other than just watching it. 'cause I like, 'cause I like football.


I have a Cincinnati under, so I guess like a tiny rooting for Washington, but I'm watching it and he just, this is what he did in college. This is why I was afraid the Patriots were gonna take him. He takes these two hits a game and each time he takes the hit, you just are convinced he is not gonna get up. But he always gets up and I you, you see him compared to these giant football players. Even when they were down by the goal line a couple times, you're like, well there's no way they're gonna be able to sneak with him. He is 160 pounds, but he makes it all work and there's a presence to him and a and an it factor that, I mean, yesterday was his Coming up part. There's no question, but this is stuff he was doing in college that all the OSU fans were saying, this guy has it, this guy has it, but yet there's always the injury thing with him that's kind of lingering over every play.


It's like watching those crazy wrestlers on, you know, wwe, the guys who are doing like the, the jump jump across the ring and jumping out and you're like, oh my God, is this guy gonna live? That's kind of how I feel watching Daniels. Exactly. And I mean that's why Joe House was labeling him RG four because he might just not last like three or four games. So maybe just by luck he's gonna stay upright. It's why I sort of wanted to draft Drake May. Yeah. 'cause he seems sturdy and he's young. And I, I remember pre-draft, I was very upset that, you know, you were gonna get him or thinking that Jaden Daniel's gonna be a bust. But I think it, I think we might have pick like this version of this year c CJ Stroud, right?


Like all the hype was on Caleb. I wanted him, I wanted Drake and, you know, happened to be wrong here because outside of the, the, the, the, the thought of injury, knock on wood, I hope nothing ever happens to him. Like he plays with heart. He sort of has that sort of intangible quality that you always talk about in your book of basketball, right. That, that need to sort of spread the wealth and deflect sort of attention to everybody else. Yeah, he, he's that he's also this glue guy that you want. And I, I don't think we've had that in the DC area in a very long time since smart ripping days for sure. The other funny thing was the quarterbacking has been so bad and then last night you had Josh Allen, who was unbelievable and, and, and Daniels in his game and it was, they were the two most exciting quarterbacks I watched all week.


And they were kind of happening simultaneously on two TVs. Daniels is so much fun. Like, you don't wanna leave the room when Washington's on offense because you know what's gonna happen. That last touchdown bill, I mean watching Ryan Clark do the replay, you know, with, with with Scott Van Pelt after the fact and just seeing him get crushed Yeah, absolutely crushed. And to throw a perfect ball, like those are the moments that never happened to us. They happen to the Patriots. Yeah, they happened to every other team except us. And honestly, I, I, I screamed so loud. I had not been that ecstatic at a sporting event in a long time since basically being in New York during the two weeks of Jeremy Lynn, arguably, you know, the best two weeks of my life as well.


That was amazing. Sanity People will have no idea What's been the best Asian sports moment Of like what, like where Ani like going for 50 50. Do you do, would you put that up there or not really? For Sure. We, I have a lot of debate with my Asian friends about this. Do people understand that we might have the number one talent, most talented, greatest baseball player of all time potentially. And it's just not getting enough buzz. Mainly because he doesn't speak English. Although I think he speaks enough English to, to, to bet poorly on sporting. Yeah. We, Sal and I talked about a little on Sunday about people who are better at whatever they're doing in sports than anyone else who does the same thing.


And it's not a long list, but it's definitely, Ani is one of those people. And Brandon, Aubrey, the Dallas Cowboys kicker is another one way I Put it. I'll who's better than all of them. As great as Shhe is. Joey Chestnut is better at hot diet eating than anything else that anybody could possibly do Was amazing. So you went to that, you saw that in person. Yeah. Chestnut versus Khi. Had you been to one of those before? No. Why would you go do a thing? You you, it's one of those sporting events, if you can even call it that, that you would just write off immediately. Like why would you possibly wanna watch grown adults stuff their face with food? That's not something you watch it, it's like a news clip. That's about it.


And I have to say it was one of the most compelling things I've ever witnessed in my life. For sure. So, so what was compelling about it? The fact that, think about this. I was watching his, his jaws bigger than AYAs, but to eat a hot dog in 1.5 bites a whole one. Like Yeah, I just, and 83 of them at that. It is, it was hypnotic. It was mesmerizing. In fact, the, the three Olympian swimmers that were sort of the warmup act, they were sitting behind me during the competition and they were amazed. Right? They tried to eat like 50 chicken wings as quickly as possible.


Yeah. And they were ill. They, they said, listen, if you had two hours an hour Yeah. Not a problem. Right? People don't understand that. It's not a fact that you, you couldn't eat a lot, but it's the duration of time to eat that in 10 minutes. It's just not something you, you can comprehend. So I don't say that with any hyperbole. It was one of the most amazing things I've ever seen. What, when I was watching this last one, I always wonder how nobody has choked yet. How we haven't just had a mistake. You would fig figure all these different contests that are televised, something would go wrong and all of a sudden there's five pounds of hotdog in somebody's throat.


And what would they do? Well, I asked and they trained to prevent that from happening, you know? What do you mean? How are they strain? I don't know. I don't know. But they work to not choke. It's something that they, they practice during the week in their regimen. What a weird, like what did he feel like the next day? What does he feel like a week? Like? I, I wonder what kind of body trauma that is to eat that many hot dogs In 10 minutes I'll Feed bill. We talked about hot dogs in 10 minutes. Yeah. We talk about this after a big meal, right? The next day. Like how many, how many number twos is that gonna be? Seriously? Wait, how many, how many? Number twos is 83 hot dogs? Yeah, that's gotta be five.


Five to 10 at least. Have you ever tried to do any of those quickie eating things or no? No. The only thing I've ever done was a Hartford Current had a hot winging in a contest like the hottest hot wings and Yeah. And, and I won lunatic of the week. I was on the cover of the Hartford Current in 1999. That was it. I thought what was interesting about that Chestnut thing was that Khi, there was some sort of rivalry slash hatred and it brought out this other level of chestnut. Like he had never eaten that many hotdog before. He was so fueled by the competition, the animosity toward Cohi. And I don't really understand what's happened with those two and what they could possibly be feuding about.


Like they just both eat a lot of food. I know. I I thought that was manufactured as well. But it's not, they clearly did not like each other. They kept separate. They did not talk to each other. They didn't Look at each other, wouldn't other, they didn't look at each glance at each other. I, I actually, the most surprising thing, I don't know if it was picked up on tv, there was a woman bawling right during the pro the, during the, you know, the announcing of Joey winning. And I was like, what the hell's going on? It turned out to be Kobe's wife who was just Like, oh, completely Bumed out sobbing uncontrollably. Yeah, it was pretty sad actually. Did he ever hold the Asian Sports Championship belt? Or is he, is he, can he qualify?


'cause right now Atani has it, You know, I I I should put him in the, in the, the Hall of Fame. I think technically he does make it, but I, I can't it, you know what I'm waiting for Really? The person that would pass Tani for me is a 6 6, 6 7, 6 8 basketball player that plays like Anthony, Anthony Edwards was Asian. I would stop everything I'm doing. I'd buy a Winnebago and I'd go to every game. It would be all I would do, I would be the number one fan. 'cause that would, that would be it. That would be the last piece of the puzzle for me in my life. Somebody that is a genetic freak.


Now you're just gonna have to settle for Jayden Daniels and having a fun quarterback. Can we announce right now he's eats at all your restaurants for free? Not only that, Jayden Daniels, I'll cook for you anytime you want. I'll be your private chef. you can come on any of the shows. I do. You have carp blanche for sure. So you've done how many dinnertime Netflix shows at this point. How many of you banked? And we should mention it, it broke you down physically within 20 episodes. You actually had to have back surgery. This is true with the most traumatic, it was your version of Cohi to 83 hotdog. So we started this project with Netflix as a sort of six episodic thing.


It turned out to be 27 along the way. I had to get disc replacement surgery. It's a high stress event. Tuesdays 4:00 PM We're back on second season October 8th. So You thought this was gonna be six episodes. And they're like, actually we'll take 27. Actually, the one person that said that we're we're gonna have many episodes was you, you're, you're the one that said it was gonna work so Well I saw the studio. I, it it, the show made sense and you could tell Netflix was using you like some sort of weird Guinea pig, right? They, they had done no live stuff at all. And when you showed me the control room and there was like this whole other wing of your studio and there was like 50 people back there all figuring out the live, I was like, oh, I, I see what Netflix.


So when like they announced the football thing, I wasn't surprised 'cause it felt like you were the foot in the water to figure out how live would work on Netflix. It was the first thing they did. Right? I believe we were the first live series that wasn't sort of limited and certainly the first live cooking show. Yeah, for sure. But it makes sense. 'cause if you're doing live, there has to be some sort of unpredictability to what what you're watching and with the cooking, which, which you hate, but it's actually good for the show. Something might go wrong as you're cooking. I mean, for those listening, if you haven't watched the episode with Bill Simmons and Bert Kreschner, you should watch it.


I think we gotta get Bill back on again. I love Bert, but Bert certainly was talking a lot, a lot Burn, had a high usage rate. I was just, I just set some picks. I just rebounded and, and moved the ball and set picks. I wanna get you on the show cooking. Okay, that's, we did talk about that. That's what the world needs to see. I I want you to make your red sauce or something and let the world know that Bill can actually cook. Well I can only cook like four things, but I can, I can cook and some of the stuff I can cook are, are now, you know, there's, there's been a lot of, it upsets me, but there's some food that we grew up with that is now considered bad, dangerous, unhealthy.


What? What are you talking about? Mac and cheese. I, mac and cheese is okay. Can we Been get this outta the way? No, that's not true. This is one of the things and Bill has really perfected the art of goading me into doing things I don't wanna do. That's why we have french fries named after him at a restaurant in LA Yeah, that's true. That's why he wants to challenge me on things. He claims that he makes the best mac and cheese anywhere. I just said No, that's not what I said. You've already just, I said I could make mac and cheese as good as something that an actual chef could make because I don't think mac and cheese is that hard. You just have to load cheese and make it taste good.


That is basically what I said you by saying that you're claiming you make the best mac and cheese in the world. I just don't think the bar's that high and I think a lot of people could make a really good mac and cheese and I think my mac and cheese is delicious, but it's all store bought and you find that completely offensive and I get it. No, It's, it's okay. You there, you know, Sarah Lee had semi homemade on the food network. This is how Bill Simmons cooks. It's okay. Whatever it takes to win. But you never, I you never took that personally and decided to make your own mac and cheese and a Restaurant. It No, because I, I don't want to embarrass you on the one thing that you think that you're good at. We did It with the fries. I know I made the mistake of telling you that I thought the Four Seasons of Beverly Hills at the bar, which I only had once had awesome fries.


And you're like, what? I know. And then you got furious and you took the Fry challenge when I was on your show, you made the e what was that called? The thing you made the Tim the Tim Paromo, which is the ano based out of the movie gr Big Night with Stanley Tucci. And it's this basically this giant lasagna in a pot with multi-layers of things. It takes many hours and you know, live TVs you wanna do things you've never done before. And to, to sort of take it outta the pot the way we did that was scary. I didn't know if it was gonna work and yeah, but was actually one of the highlights. You used food from a bunch of different good chefs too. Yeah. Was the other piece.


We, we put everything that's an Italian American sort of culinary staple, right? Chicken par, pasta, rigatoni, et cetera. Meatballs. We actually, you know, your, your mom made meatballs for the show, right? And she was about it. Delicious. Alright, we're gonna take a break and then I'm gonna enrage Chang with a food ticket.


Now it's time for a special part of today's episode sponsored by NF NFL. Sunday Ticket on YouTube TV, my friend NFL Sunday Ticket. Awesome features to help you stay on top of all the action like multi-view where you can watch up to four games at once. And believe me, I've been doing it every single Sunday. you can layer on stats and fantasy views to track your favorite teams and players. And by the way, when you bundle NFL Center, taken YouTube tv, you get access to every game every Sunday. That's the most live NFL games all in one place. Local and national games on YouTube, TV NFL send a ticket for outta market games. Excludes digital on the games device and content restrictions apply YouTube tv I think you know this, they've crowned me their CMO, their chief multi-view officer to help pick the top four games of the week that you should watch with multi-view. So we're gonna go early games this week. There's there's three really good ones that I'm excited about. And then one that I'm personally excited about. So, Vikings Packers, that's a must that has to be on every multi-view. I don't know if you have a favorite corner on the multi-view. I think my favorite spot is lower left, but Vikings Packers, saints, Falcons. That NFC South is gonna change another a hundred times over the course of the next 15 weeks, but that's gonna be a really good one. Eagles bucks rematch of the playoff game last year where the bucks really beat up on the Eagles. This is a revenge spot for the Eagles, who knows? And then last but not least, Jaguars, Texans. Two teams coming off losses, the Jaguars oh three, their whole season's on the line. Lot of fantasy guys in in in this, on both of the teams. And, and this will be maybe a little a FC south. If the Texans win this, they might be cruising to the A FC South. So those would be my four of course with the multi view builder this year. I don't know if you've noticed that. you can even customize which four NFL games you wanna watch. So if you'd like three of those, knock out the fourth one you don't like, go into the multi-view builder. Throw in the one you want. Log in, select build a multi-view, pick out the four games you wanna watch. Thanks again to our friends at NF NFL. Sunday Ticket on YouTube TV. Don't miss a moment of the action. Watch every single game every Sunday when you bundle NFL Sunday ticket with YouTube tv. Sign up today at youtube.com/bs and you can watch The Ringer Sunday pregame show before all these games as well. Vocal and national games on YouTube tv, NFL Sunday ticket for outta market games. Excludes digital in the games device and content restrictions apply.


This episode is brought to you by Amazon Business. We all need more hours in the day, right? Well a Amazon business gets it. They've got super smart business buying solutions that make the admin stuff a breeze. That means you can spend less time buried in paperwork and more time growing your business. That's pretty smart. Head over to amazon business.com and see what smart business buying is all about.


Alright, Chang, I was gonna do this on your podcast, but I thought it'd be more fun to invite you on mine. Every once in a while I have a food take that makes you so mad you can't even respond for a couple seconds before you then respond and then you just berate me for the take. And here's My 'cause. You've been, you've been priming me this for a couple months now. You won't even share me. You, you wouldn't let me know like two months ago you, you wanted to wait for this moment to let the world know this hot take. We've lost a narrative with pizza. We've gone too far. I blame some of the people we know and pizza that I love to eat. But we have now drifted down the river away from, from our pizza center point and it's become all about the dough and how it's cooked and how the kind of bread and the, and the ingredients and the tomatoes have to be perfect.


And it's like, you know what also is good? A fucking slice of pizza. How about cheese and sauce with a thin crust and it comes out of the oven and it's cheesy and and the cheese is melting all over my mouth and I actually have a whole bite, you know, 10 bites and a slice versus two and then it's just a bunch of bread with the best possible ingredients and arugula and all these dumb things. You know what? It's good cheese and pepperoni and a lot of tomato sauce cooked with cheese getting brown on top. And I don't know why we just can't keep doing that. Why do we have to change pizza? I love pizza. Why are we moving in this new direction with pizza and all the chefs and all the best food? People are like, this is a great direction.


It's awesome. And it's like, is it, are we sure? Wow, That's not necessarily a hot take if you're wrong because I didn't know that the listeners of The Ringer on Spotify are listening to Dave Portnoy. This is crazy. This is, this is fucking crazy Bill. You can't, You get this is my one bite take. Yeah. You're basically saying like, pizza's gotta be this one thing. It is beautiful that pizza. Yes. No, you're saying it's gotta be this like this throwback idea of a simple slice of pizza, right? Cheese pizza. I get it. I Like a big triangle piece of pizza with, I like sauce on it. I like cheese. I wanna make sure the cheese is cooked enough and I don't like a lot of bread.


And every time I go, I was at Bianco's last week. I love Bianco's. It's fantastic. I I think he has a couple of the best pizzas I've ever had. But I'm also, I don't like to eat the crust. Some people do. I don't. I just like the pizza part. What do you mean you don't like the crust? Come on. I'm not a crust guy, bill. I'm not. But but that's the thing. It's like I now I'm looked down on that. I'm not a crust guy, I'm a sauce and cheese guy. What about the sauce and cheese community with pizza? Yeah. There's nothing wrong with the crust. It's fine. Why did we have to get so artsy fary with pizza? Why can't somebody be like, you know what we're gonna do? I'm gonna make the best version of the pizza that you grew up eating and it's gonna be big squares.


Like when we go to New York, all the New York people are like, oh our pizza's the best. Oh there's nothing like New York pizza. It's like, it's just these giant slices. But they're really good. Yeah. You And Dave Portnoy you the, you're the only two people in the world that want pizza this way. I'm Not the only two. There's other people. No listen. We're talking about our good friend Chris Bianca. The reason why people are talking so about pizza and they're so infatuated with all of the ingredients, the toppings and the sort of single origin flour et cetera, is because of Crisp Bianco. This guy I did It and it's delicious. And I've been there, probably pizza is better today, 12 times in the last year. But, but Pizza, pizza is better today than it's ever been before in America.


There's high level pizza. So this is like its own category. It's almost like, don't call it pizza, call it, use it, create a new word for it. And then the old school cheaper, less thought put into a pizza that I also really like. And I feel like that's getting shoved out to the side. Why can't we also spend time trying to make that kind of pizza better? And we have both, both leagues basically like two conferences in the NFL. Well I know there's a couple you, what you're asking for are like the old school slice shots. And I believe that that is gonna make a comeback in Los Angeles in New York. Oh. So here I am. That's everywhere. Yeah, let's go. Yeah, It's everywhere. Let's never, never gone anywhere's Happen into something. Listen, I'm gonna give you a comp that you might understand a little bit better.


'cause I believe it's sports, you know, adjacent is, you know, how would you feel today if you had someone on your podcast that was in basketball and they would say, well American Americans still produce the best basketball players in the world. That's it. America is the best at basketball. Yeah. What would you say to that? It's true. What about all the international players? There's a lot of good international players, but I think there's still more good American players versus any other country right Now. Is that gonna continue you think? Or is it gonna be maybe one side the other Way?


I think the seesaw will be foreign players, American players, which right now is like this and it might end up tilting as the years go. And, And I think a lot of, lot of people would say that the best pizza in the world is in Italy, right? And there's many kinds of pizza in Italy. I think it's safe to say that America produces the best pizza in the world across the board and all kinds. And that's why I don't think the slice of pizza that you're talking about has gone anywhere. It's just there. The, there's just more shine on these more bespoke artisanal pies. Right? That were sort of Pro up. Let's up let's the name for them it's like a, it's like a high-end pizza.


It's like pizza 2.0 Yeah. But original pizza, the sliced pizza that again, your son probably doesn't really know that much about. Right. It's not the pizza that you get delivered from Domino's or Papa John's. It's, it's, yeah, it's, it's like the, the slice that you would get on your college campus at two in the morning, The, I want the best possible version of that where it's, yeah. I, I feel like we're not making that as much anymore. I have trouble finding that. Especially in la Now granted, I know we're in a weird pizza spot in LA But also I think the younger generation, right? They don't necessarily gravitate towards that. They want the pizza 2.0.


Can we bring in Kyle Nephew Kyle can you come into this just as a, as a tiebreaker? Yeah. As and somebody who's eaten a lot of pizza. What? Which do you like pizza 2.0 or pizza 1.0. 1.0 Easy. I don't mess around. Okay. Can you explain to Chang why I It's just what it's like bacon, egg and cheeses. I just don't feel safe going around trying to find 'em out here. I, there's, there's a couple of names that people told me. I stick to it. I I, if there's a weird logo on the pizza place, I probably won't even go in If it's, if it's like it looks gimmicky. Kyle, you're a son of New York. How the hell would you even think about eating a bacon, egg and cheese in California? That's ridiculous. You don't wanna admit the truth. Some people just want pizza 1.0 and every once in a while go nuts.


I'm like, I'm gonna do the pizza 2.0. But sometimes pizza 1.0 is great. Pizza, Pizza 1.0 isn't like a Roy Hibbert center. It, it hasn't died. It's here. They're Everywhere. I feel like it's dying. All the, you can go to care about pizza 2.0. Chris Bianco actually has a pizza 1.0 at the row. He has that other pizza shop. You don't go there. It's delicious. They make the pizza New York Pizza 1.0 at the Bianca one. Yeah. Panai. Bianca, have you not had Ana Bianca Pizza? I haven't. It was, it was always about to be open and I haven't been there yet. Well put it this way. Imagine Pizza 1.0 yeah with pizza 2.0 ingredients, quality level.


That sounds amazing. Yeah, it exists Bill, it's here. I will say the Rosa Pizza at pizza Rio Bianco is the most creative pizza I've ever eaten. Still the one with the pistachios and onions and what cheese is that in that? So It's just mozzarella. But the audience, they may be confused here because they might think this endangered species of pizza 1.0 isn't there? I'd argue that one of the things that is happening right now in across America, okay, New York Times had a article recently that there's pizza, better pizza ever in in every city. It's like better to eat pizza now. And it's not all Neapolitan pies which are thin crust.


The 1.5 version is what I'm talking about. That classic sliced New York style pie. But it's not made with crappy ingredients. And for example, one of the things that I don't love that dollar slice pie in New York City, Kyle, you know what I'm talking about. When you're a drunk, they're great dollar for a slice of pizza. you can't beat that. But the ingredients are sort of just, eh, they're good enough right now. What if you made that kind of pie with the best quality ingredients and that is happening. So pizza 0.0 is drunk pizza. Yeah, That's like, I think the best drunk pizza I've ever had is the Prince Street Pizza. Those big giant Sicilian spices where they put like 700 pepperoni on each, each slice and it's two in the morning.


You're like ah, You need to soak up all of that booze. Right? So that's 0.0 1.0. So you're telling me that the 1.0 version 1.5 is coming back? Yeah, the 2.0 is a lot of new toppings. A lot of people putting their own spins on pizza. But I'm with you. I like all the pizza. I I'm just saying that. Alright, we're Gonna agree to disagree. Yeah, I have my next food take for you. Let's hear it. Clam chowder, we're doing it wrong for the most part. And the reason I know this is when you actually have good clam chowder, it makes you mad at all the other clam chowder.


So Simmons family Cape Week, my dad's family, they all got together and Chatham, we went to lunch at the Chatham Bars Inn, whatever it's called. And they have clam chowder there. And it was the best clam chowder I've ever had. And they did a couple different things and I, I just think it should be translatable to all the other people who make the clam chowder. One not too thick. Two, not too many clams. People make clam chatter. They just like throw 700,000 clams and just like every bite, it's like the right mix of like the potatoes have to be soft. It's not too thick. They also put this, they did this bacon. It's like these bacon bits they put like in a little circle on the side so you can mix the bacon bits in and they had like the right crock, which I think is another piece of the clam chowder experience.


Like the crock is super important and it was really good. And I just feel like everyone else who makes clam chowder should just go there and see what they're doing and just emulate it. 'cause it's always too thick. There's always too many clams. It's always in the wrong kind of bowl. And I think clam chatter, people mess up more than it's good. And I just want us to be better at clam chatter. Bill. I don't disagree with that hot take, but I have a hotter version of that hot take. Oh, let's hear it. Probably no one will agree with me particularly no one from the New England area. I David Chang make the greatest clam chowder in the world. I really do. What? Yeah, what have you ever made clam chow? What the hell are you talking About? I make clam chowder all the time for, we're talking about the New England stuff.


Me my family. You have not had it. I guarantee you if you eat my clam chowder, you're gonna be like, man, that is the best clam chowder I've ever had. So without giving away your secrets, what is the secret? So number one, you, it starts with the root. You're right. Most clam chowder is garbage 'cause they add cream and they add other things that sort of emulsify and makes it too thick, right? Yeah. And also the potatoes, you said it right? They, you can't sort of keep it in there because as it cooks, as you continue to serve it, it's gonna break down. And that's another reason why 'cause it's full of starch that the, the soup will get too thick, right?


So you sort of have to cook things separately and add it. Adding the bacon bits or the lardons is, is a great idea. I actually will steal that one. But the one thing that I do that changes the clam chowder is I don't add the clams until the very end. I cook the clams separate. Interesting. So how come? 'cause clams become like the, the texture of a rubber to a number two like pencil eraser. It's terrible, right? So you also need to have enough broth clam. So people may add too many clams, but not enough clam broth. So I'm just saying, are you celery pro celery in your New England clam chowder or No? Nah, not really. That's a little too ambitious for me.


Okay. Alright. Now, now, now I'm gonna have to make clam chowder for you. And when I make it, my only ask is that when you taste it, you gotta let your audience know that Dave was right. This is the best clam chow I've ever had. So the mistakes, first of all, I don't believe you, you're not from New England, so there's no way, there's no way you'll know how to make the perfect clam chatter. I'll just challenge you right now. Second, the mistakes people make with the clam chatter, I really want them to stop making it. It doesn't have to be like a fucking milkshake. Well, no. Well first of all, cla Clam chatter, they wanna be like, oh, it's creamy. It's like, no, it doesn't have to be that creamy. It's actually better when it's not that Creamy. What we need do is pr stop other cities from making New England clam chatter San Francisco.


I don't know why the fuck they make clam chowder in a salad bread bowl. One of the dumbest right sort of combinations you could possibly do, right? Clam chowder is put on too many menus. Number one. It's a great point. I don't understand the bread bowl ad at all. It's like, how can we get more starch into this? Let's have a bread bowl. I don't need a bread bowl. I mean, If you go to your like corporate cafeteria and they serve clam chowder, that's a no. You do not get that. Don't order that you got, you gotta get it from a, a clam shack. Something like that. Yeah. Where you hear the New England accent where it's, you don't even understand what they're saying. Like these are signs that it's gonna be a good chowder or you know, I have to make it for you. That's it. Well the other, the cousin of this is the French on and soup, which I think it screwed Up A lot.


No, no, no. But just the same mistakes with the French on and soup where people will put in just too many onions. Right? Or they'll try to do it in a bowl. That's not the perfect bowl. if you're doing the French onion correctly, you want the cheese to like burn on the sides of the crop, of course. And you want it to not have too much onion in it. You don't want too much bread in it. It's gotta have the right Well French onion soup has like a high margin of error. Like, it, it, it's really hard to not enjoy even a mediocre bowl of french onion soup. I always get it knowing that it's probably a B minus to a C minus and it, and I wanna be pleasantly surprised if it's better than that. Right? Going back to the chatter, here's another maybe hot take that people may not even know exists.


I think the best chatter isn't the New England clam chatter. It's Rhode Island clam chatter. Do you even know what that is? It's clear. It's just a clam broth with some clam potatoes and and bacon in there. It's Super light. It's great. Typical Rhode Island. They always have to like do their own version of something. Accents clam shouter. I Got 1 1 1 1 beef with one of your hot takes of Lake because yeah, you are really peppering your podcast and the podcast that you're on The Ringer with a lot of food takes and a lot of food. The veal chop comparisons. Yeah, I You said the veal chop is this thing that's hit or miss.


I don't think it's ever a miss. It's always, if it's not cooked enough, if it's too fat, if it's too fatty, there's a bunch of ways it can go wrong. I don't, I, I don't think I've ever had a bad veal chop. I don't know what that means that it's hit or miss. I think most people would say that a veal chop is one of the most dependable things you can order. So you think I should change that analogy to French on soup, But I don't even know if that's the right wing too, because most people enjoy the french onion soup. Like I don't think I've had french onion soup so bad that I was like, ah, I don't wanna eat that. I don't know what It's, so what's a good analogy? Because the, for people listening, the the one that, the one that used before was Devon Han, the, the Dolphins running back where it's like, it's the hit or miss scenario of spending $45 on them.


It's inside the, I I think the hit or miss scenario is simply this. And it's something that I feel like as you get older you might experience, it's when you order fish right at any kind of restaurant, it's fish. Yeah. It's not even too fishy. You're like, Ugh, why did I get that? That I'm enjoying everything else except this everyone else ordered the right thing. I don't know why I decided to order fish. And it's usually hit or miss. Usually it's, if it's good, you feel great, you feel like you won the ordering. But if it's bad you feel like you need it. Well that leads me to hot take food hot take number three, which will either be the one you agree with the most. Virulently virulently violently can't speak or the one you get the maddest about.


So as I said, I was in the Cape for like eight days and I really do think seafood in New England and off the Cape is the best seafood. Other, other, there's Maryland people would be, fuck you, we are the best craps. Like, I get it that this is totally provincial. With that said, scallops on in Massachusetts and especially on the Cape, I just love scallops. And the reason I think I'm in the right on scallops is it's the one thing you order where you always feel like they kind of cheated you on the portions, right? It's like all of the scallops, like for an entree and it's like, then it comes out and it's like six scallops. Like they could barely, they could barely spare the scallops.


It's like, man, I wish, I wish I had nine scallops. These are delicious. So anyway, I had scallops and must have ordered it four or five times with in like eight days. I was just putting 'em with everything. So two things off this one, why hasn't anybody come up with scallop chowder yet? There is scallop Chowder. I've never had it. I've never seen it. There's like, I would order It every time. It's usually seen as like a scallop corn chowder that's a co, like a weirdly a classic combo. Feels like scallops are sitting there. Anyway, we came back from the, from the Cape and my wife was at the farmer's market and they have like a really good fish place at the farmer's market.


And I was like, let's get scallops. We'll buy a bunch of scallops and I'll finally have enough scallops. So she, she pan-fried the scallops to these breadcrumbs and it was absolutely delicious. And I was like, why aren't scallops a bigger deal? Scallops are the fucking best. And I, I don't know, I think scallops is the most underrated food. I can't believe. Bill, I'm, I'm gonna agree with you here. We scallop underrated. We, Yes, we Finally have a great, and I'm not just saying this for saying it, it's true scallops underrated, but also one of those things where I think people either get 'em frozen or they're sort of past their sell by date and they get am moated, but You need 'em fresh. The fact is this, you need 'em like right. Basically pulled outta the ocean.


And when I mean fresh, we get 'em at the restaurant, they're literally pulsating, they're alive, right? Right. you can eat 'em raw, you can pop 'em your mouth like they're in m and m and why scallops are so good is they have a high sugar content. And when they're like cooked and you get that caramelized scallops are just one of the most delicious things you could possibly eat. And the fact is this, if you had to ask me where the best scallops in the world are, I would say maybe like the cold water's off of France. But I would bet that if this was like a world cup of scallops around the world, we're basically France or Brazil, like New England area. It's that good. The scallops that are produced in the New England area off the Cape Nantucket, it's, it's, yeah, we're number one.


Number one, America produces that region everywhere else. Not so good in America. The only place scallops are really, truly made is Maine to Nantucket. So yeah. So what is your number one way to prepare a scallop, like for an entree that you're, that you're buying into? Because I like the lightly breaded kind of scallop with some lemon on it and maybe Maybe something a little spicy but not too spicy. And then you want the big fat and just stick your fork in and go. So I'm a no bread kind of guy. I understand. But yeah, I like the, the tiny Nantucket bay that are like really, really small. I, I can eat those literally raw 'cause they're so sweet. Or if you're gonna cook them very quickly, just, you know, a little bit of butter, a little bit of lemon juice, salt and pepper and that's all you need.


But I would probably say the thing that I love the most of those giant hockey puck, Maine dive or sea scallops that are just super sweet and one of my favorite things to eat. And I think that is just simply pan roasted, little bit of butter, salt, pepper. That's all you need. Maybe a sprig of thyme. But, but it's hard to get because again, it's only really produced in that area and you, you don't wanna get it frozen. Right. That's Just a fact. So if we're getting on the west coast, no, it was found, they shipped it, it was in ice for two days. It was in the fridge. Yeah. I'm Not, it's not the same. I don't think I've ever ordered scallops in California ever. I don't think I, I would either. But when I'm in New England, I wanna get them all the time.


It's like, so it's interesting because people always, when they ask about like Massachusetts, what's, what's the food? And people always say lobster roll and lobster rolls are good. But I I, to me, the scallops and the right kind of clam chatter, the are the two best New England things that I feel like I can't get anywhere else. I gotta do this thing for Amazon. Thursday night football, we're gonna com compare like the iconic foods of different cities. I've asked you this already, I wanna know if your answers changed when we do the New England Patriots versus whatever team, what is the food that is most representative of New England? Is it the clam chow or lobster roll? I think people would say the lobster roll, but I don't necessarily agree with it.


But as a local you would say it's not lobster roll, it's chowder. Right? I would say the clam chowder, That's what we're gonna go with. But a Lot of people would say lobster roll and really the stealth answer is scallops. 'cause I just feel like the, the scallop level in that area is just so much higher than any other area in the United States. It's no contest. They're not gonna say like cod or something like that. Cod's kind of boring. Even though cod's good bake cod's good. I'm a fan. It delivers the goods. Especially if you put some stuff in it and get, you know, get a little excited about it. All right, so we, the basically this is all leading to, could somebody ever create a scallop pizza?


Pizza 2.0 with scallops? No, no, no, no, no. That should never happen. Maybe that's a challenge for you on, so next time I come on, maybe it's like a, maybe it's like a scallops thing. How do we get the scallops in LA fast enough so they're not, You know, we can get them live in the shell. So that's one way you can do scallops. So maybe that's what we'll do Some slop. maybe we do the whole phish thing. Alright. Yeah. Done and done. You have to go. Congrats on having a qb. Don't forget dinnertime with Dave Chang. When, when you come back October 8th. And when are you doing Amazon football stuff? Next week should be my first bit for Amazon. Thursday night football. And you have a podcast with The Ringer as well.


You're a busy man. That's right. Good to see you. Dave Chang. Thanks Bill.


This episode is brought to you by TikTok. It has never been harder to parent your kids. You have less idea than ever what they're doing on their phones, on their computers, wherever it is. As teens start exploring online, it's natural that parents wanna make sure what they're seeing on TikTok is safe. So it's great that tiktoks family pairing feature lets parents link their TikTok account to their teens, helping ensure the content they're seeing is safe. This is a great ad. As a parent you can restrict access to search, you can enable restricted mode to limit content that may not be age appropriate. And you can choose words or hashtags to filter from your teens feeds. Learn more at tiktok.com/guardians guide.


This episode is brought to you by PNC Bank. Unlike this podcast, some things in life should be boring like banking. 'cause boring is pragmatic and responsible. Levelheaded wise, all the things you want your bank to be, you don't want your bank to be exciting. Exciting is for three point buzzer beaters, not banks. That's why PNC bank strives to be boring with your money. Because when your money is doing what you need it to, you can do all the un boring things you wanna do with it. PNC Bank, brilliantly boring since 1865. Brilliantly boring since 1865 is the service market of the PNC Financial Services Group, Inc. PNC Bank National Association member FDIC.


This episode is brought to you by FXs, American Sports Story. Aaron Hernandez from Executive Producer. Ryan Murphy comes the first installment of a FXs American sports story, the limited series charts, the Rise and F NFL Superstar, Aaron Hernandez and explores the disparate strands of his identity, his family, his career, his suicide, and their legacy in sports and American culture. FX is American Sports story. Aaron Hernandez, all New Tuesdays on fx. Stream it on Hulu.


Alright. and Shoemaker is here. We've worked together since 2011 at Grantland and then at The. Ringer this whole time he is involved in the Mr. MCed documentary. We did a Netflix, you can see him in hd. He's in I think every part, all six parts. He's in the glue guy spot for the, for the documentary where you make these things and you need somebody to kind of walk you through stuff, set stuff up, do the big picture things. How about how long was your interview for that? Good question. I mean, listen, we, we did it in phases, right? I mean, by the time that it was time for me to do the glue work, we had done most of the material. Yeah. But they were already making cuts of the documentary. Yeah. So I did, I did a, a bunch of interviews sitting in my living room just like on a zoom call like this.


And then they, and then they sort of used those as placeholders. And then I went and sat down for, I think it was a couple of days just sitting in front of a camera. You know, just in a, in a, it's weird, Right? It's weird to do those. 'cause after a while you almost forget you're being filmed and that it's gonna be shown on HD everywhere. Yeah. It's, it's very strange. I do, you know, I've done a lot of this stuff, you know, in various forms over the years. And, and in some ways it's very comfortable. And also I've had a lot of these conversations with the people who were interviewing me for the documentary. Like we've talked about all this stuff before. Yeah. So in some ways it's comfortable. Yeah. And in some ways your eyes kind of kind of, you know, go into soft focus and you realize you're sitting in front of a million bright lights, you know? Right. And, and in a, in an empty office trying to act like you just like, you know, were were interrupted while you were doing your work and, and make it seem natural.


So it's, it's very strange. So we were working on this documentary really since pre Covid was when we started doing the, I think the deal and the, and then really started working on it in detail once Chris Smith came aboard in 20 21, 20 22. Oh yeah. It was before Covid the first time. I mean, I, I remember the first time I met Chris was at a little bar in Soho that's been, that's been there for a million years. And we just like, you know, he just wanted to talk about wrestling and Yeah. You you set us up. But that was obviously pre covid because we were out there in public and, and, and it was, it's, that's a man it seems psych so long ago now. Yeah. And, and I don't wanna say too much 'cause I don't wanna prejudice how people watch the documentary.


I really want people to sit down and watch it. But just the, the backstory of it was Vince wanted to a documentary and the wwe. 'cause I had done the Andre the Giant doc, and he was like ready to tell his story. And a big thing for us is like, well if we're gonna tell your story, it's gotta be everything. It's not, we're not doing a hagiography, we're not doing autobiography. Like it's gotta be warts and all. And he is like, I'm ready to talk about everything. And so the next step was finding a director. And the best thing was with Chris was he wasn't a wrestling fan. Yeah. And we decided it would actually be more interesting. Let's get somebody who doesn't know this and just we immerse him into this world. Yeah. And he's experienced everything for the first time.


And then we can kind of help him with the wrestling stuff. So we get all these interviews and we're going and probably working on it for over a year, a year and a half. Yeah. And then the first wave of stuff happens with Vince. And for the next two years we're trying to figure out, oh, well will we have to audible on the fly again? What is this gonna mean? What's this gonna mean? There's a couple times when I think both of us thought this thing's gonna get shelved. This, this won't happen. Yeah. But the big thing for me, and tell me if you agree, we were trying to do a balanced portrait, as balanced as we could of somebody who for 50 years had this outsize impact on not only completely changing professional wrestling, but culture, television, cable, the pay-per-view model, the streaming model.


There was just nobody like him. There's no promoter like him. And so the, the big thing was like, how do we capture that impact? And then the second thing was, who is this guy? Yeah. What's real and not real? And that's where we kind of gravitated toward with the doc. But then all of a sudden there's a twist here, there's a turn here. And was there ever a point where you were like, this is never happening? I mean, listen, it's such a big project and especially being as, you know, entrenched in the wrestling world as I am there, is there, I mean, the whole thing just felt so daunting. You know? I mean it was like, it was an absolute yes. The idea was brilliant. We ha we ha it was you have to do it.


Right. Yeah. But as like, but as a, but as someone who does this kind of, you know, works in this world so much, I'm just like, I don't know if we'll be able to get there. You said Vince was eager, you know, was actually wanted to do the documentary at first, which is a hundred percent true. But I mean, I don't think, Vince, it's, it sounds so weird to say. I'm not sure Vince knew what it meant to do the documentary and, and I'm not sure that he knew what story he wanted to tell, or I don't even know if he knows who he is enough to tell that story. You know? I mean, there was a whole, it was really hard just to, even when he was, you know, pseudo eager on the first phase of the documentary, it was really hard to get be beyond surface with him, you know?


And, and Chris did a good job. Chris Smith did a, did a good job of sitting in front of him and just sort of staring him down until some things started coming out. Yeah. And, but it was, it was, it's, it's, it's the he's Vince is, even prior to everything coming out over the past couple years, is just the most bizarre subject to try to do this kind of project for. Because even when he was eager, he wasn't, you know, there on time or you know, on the days that he was supposed to be there and he always had People with him. There was always people kind of lingering the background, making sure nothing weird happened. Yeah.


And like reminding him of things in his past and, and, and, and just, there was always a team, you know, and there and there was, and it was always, I mean, everybody, listen, Chris Smith, the entire production team have done so many documentaries of this sort and of, and of all sorts. You know, they've, they've yeah. They've been working in this world forever. Chris is one of the best ever to do this To say, I mean Yeah. This is the guy that did the Tiger King. Yeah. And none of them had ever experienced a working situation like we encountered in Stanford, Connecticut. Right, right. I mean, it was, it, I mean, we would show up to shoot and then just be all like all day long be getting updates from Vince's secretary about his ETA pushing the like six hours, eight hours before the shoot, pushing it back an hour, pushing it back another hour, pushing it back another hour.


And then he would like roll in at 11:00 PM you know, pitch black with his like little, his little crew around him and shake everybody's hand and say thank you for being here and then going to hair and makeup and then, you know, and just emerge in the same outfit that he was wearing for every shoot. It, it was just such a bizarre situation. Yeah. And we were in this situation where we kind of knew everything. Like, we're making this documentary, we're making it for people on Netflix and around the world and hoping a hundred million people watches it. Right? Yeah. So we're making it for everybody. And we made a decision, the, you know, the a story is about Vince Yeah. The B story is about the 50 year history of wrestling. Yeah.


And there's a lot of beats to it. And you kind of, there's no way to just separate those because the 50 year story of re the last 50 years of wrestling is Vince's story and he's part of it. And you can't separate those in any way. But, you know, there's so much wrestling. There's I don't know how many dozen episodes of Dark Side of the Ring at this point. And Well, and, and WWE e's own in-House, you know, documentaries that They, they've done, they've done the undertaker stuff there. There's so much wrestling content. So I, I'm sure like the Die Die Die Hard Wrestling pants, they're gonna watch us and be like, oh, I knew all the, they, I didn't learn anything from it. So that was a big obstacle for us. It's like, yeah, a lot of the stuff's already out there, but what's not out there is like the, who was this guy?


How did people relate to him? How did people feel about him? Now you could feel that in the interviews, like the way people talk about him, like they're reverential about him. Yeah. But they also seemed like they're a little afraid of him. Yeah. And just trying to capture this big invincible dude who also had a lot of skeletons and demons and did some bad stuff, let's be honest. Yeah. Some incredibly bad stuff. It looks like. I mean, it, it's, it, it was, yeah, it was, people were seem, people did seem a little bit apprehensive to be in front of the camera and these are all, you know, trained wrestlers and actors and people that wouldn't normally it's the Biggest performers of the last 50 years. Yeah. People, is this okay with Vince? He said, I could do this.


And Yeah. And, and yeah. I mean, I think it was being not just, not just talking about Vince, but talking about it on the record and for this kind of project, that thing on, you know, in, in the back of everyone's mind, they, they, even before the allegations came out, they probably knew that this, they, they were, they were gonna be, you know, logged into history for whatever they were saying. I mean, you're right about the, about the, all the stuff that's come before, all the other documentaries. I mean, part of what makes Vince a really difficult character, and in some ways a really interesting character is his timeline is inextricable from wwe. E Like, he has very, there's very little like, personal life there for us to go into, right? I mean, because he is, he is a, he and the company are, are entirely intertwined, right?


So we do tell a lot of the, the, you know, the history of WWE e and a lot of it is, you know, you're staring down the history, the timeline, the, the big events that they've already laid out in the past. Right. I mean, and, and in some ways you're dependent on that and you try to, you know, break free of that as much as possible. But really the, it always comes back to Vince and it always comes back to just hi, his version of events, him staring into the camera and trying, I mean, and, and, and, and trying to explain himself and for the first time in his life, you know, just to talk about himself this way for the first time that he's ever done it. And A lot of times he couldn't. No, he absolutely. And I think that's there, I think that's there for everybody to see. It's, it's, it's a ri it was a, it was a very, very unique experience.


I mean, I mean, and listen, I talk to people at WWE all the time who, who, and, and they always ask, I mean, from the moment we started doing this, they would always ask me, what was it like to be in that room with Vince? What was it like, like how did, like, did, did he really sit there for four hours and just answer questions? You know, you're just like, right. He's never done that, ever. He's never done it. I mean, the amount of access, just that, just in terms of hours of him sitting still and asking questions is entirely unprecedented. And, and you know, a lot of that stuff's in there. I as a, you know, you and I have seen, so all the footage, we've seen so many cuts of this. I'm sure there's diehard wrestling fans that would just pay anything just to see the raw footage of Vince sitting there because it's, it's, yeah, it's the volume That's the real, that's the real amazing thing.


But I think The story, no, we have four, four hours on the cutting room. Four that I think this easily could have been 10 parts, but that we didn't wanna do it that way. We wanted, There was, there was so much, we had four hours of Vince's interview on the cutting room floor because he sounded like a frog one day. You know, like he Right. He didn't have a voice, you know, like, I mean, there was, there was so much good material. But I think that the story that Chris and his team were able to tell is, is, is, is pretty amazing. Yeah. I think if I had to describe it, where it landed was all the stuff that happened with Vince the last two years. How did we get here? Yeah. How did we end up in this spot from mid 2022 on where he is about to sell the company, and then all the skeletons talk start popping out, and then it just keeps getting worse and worse.


And then every time it feels stable again, something else happens. How do we get to the last two years? Exactly. And I think, you know, that's where, that's where we got with it. I think as a wrestling fan, there's so many like small things that I, I felt like I was, you're, you're a 10 outta 10 with the, what, you know, I'm probably like an eight or an eight and a half. There were so many things I had no idea just sprinkled even like that Gorilla Monsoon was supposed to get the WWE and you didn't like, there was like 50 things. And part of our job when we would tell Chris with the, the cuts, like, yo, you gotta keep that in. He's, that, that's never, that's never been out there before.


I'm sure like somebody like Dave Meltzer probably knew a bunch of this stuff, but I don't think most people did Quietly. My favorite thing in the whole documentary, I can finally say this out loud. Yeah. Because as a, as, as a pure wrestling nerd, barely involves Vince. But we all know Vince has talked before about how his favorite, how, how his idol, his childhood idol was Dr. Jerry Graham, this wrestler that worked for his dad with the bleach blonde hair and drove the fancy cars. And Vince just wanted to be this guy so much. There's a, if you, if you watch closely, there is footage of Dr. Jerry Graham entering the ring in, which to me it looks like he does the original version of Triple H's water spit.


Oh, wow. And Triple H has never said that this is, that, that, that there's an origin story for it, but Dr. Jerry Graham sure does it in that clip. So I, that's that. When I saw that the first time, I almost fell over in my chair. So, all right. This thing's coming out. What, what, what happens next? Like what, what would be your prediction for the next week or so? Because I, I think we both have complicated feelings on it because the, the documentary we were working on for the first two years of the decade ended up having to morph for a bunch of pretty awful reasons. And then it easily could have shifted that, that became the documentary. And we really tried to stay at least somewhat true to what the documentary we were trying to make from the beginning.


But now what happens over the next week or so? I, I honestly have no idea. Yeah, I don't Either. I, I really don't. I mean, you mentioned, and we should say, I mean, WWE was involved at the beginning and is no longer involved in the documentary. Right. So like, no, I don't know. They're Not involved in Final Cuts or any of that stuff. Yeah. They're, and, and, But we did have access to their entire library. Yeah. Everything we wanted that was part of the deal. And then I think that the most appealing thing to me is that I think a lot of docs have, have gone that hagiography route, that autobiography route. Yeah. And, and I don't feel like this is it. We really tried to have balance in every direction as much as we possibly could.


Yeah. And whether people agree that that's how it played out, I don't know. But there's just not a lot of documentaries that have balance like that anymore. And I think that was really important to all of us. No, I mean, I think there was some, there was certainly a benefit to, I mean, obviously Vince wouldn't have sat down initially if he didn't, you know, if he wasn't comfortable doing it. And, and, and obviously we were able to make a doc the documentary that we did because we had that freedom then in the end to, to, to not be bound by him. I think it really worked out for the best. But in terms of what happens next, I mean, I don't know. I mean, the, the, the people that work at WWE e might have got, you know, might have snuck screeners somehow, but for the most part, they're gonna be seeing it at the same time that, that the world sees it.


So. Right. I mean, I know your phone will be blowing up and, and my phone will be blowing up just with people who are seeing this stuff for the first time. Yeah. It's, it's really hard. I mean, I don't know, without this documentary, with the future of Vince McMahon, with the future of WWE looks like, and, and, and presumably there, there won't be any relationship there going forward, but, well, But the irony of this doc coming out when it, when it has and what's happened with Vince, the, the company's the strongest it's been since when? Yeah. The late nineties, the early 2000 tens. This is been an absolute gravy train for them. They have the most stars they've had in a long time. They're making money hand over fist.


They're about to start this new raw deal, ironically on On Netflix. Yeah. On Netflix. Which I think probably helped us save the documentary and the fact that Netflix was paying all that money for raw. But it's weird that all of that stuff's happening without Vince who was the number one, number two, number three, number four, number five reasons the company's in this spot. It was in originally One of the strangest, I mean, kind of post scripts, the sort of, you know, to to the whole, to the Vince McMan story is that for years, even when wrestling fans like you and me could, could look and say that it wasn't true. There was a perception from Vince inside WWE e in the media world at large, that Vince had this magic pixie dust or whatever, that he was the ma he, he was the thing that made WWE e so great.


Right. That it was his creative genius that made pro wrestling as we know it. So great. And we could, like I said, we could look at it and be like, come on, like there, there's other people that could do this job. But now it's been proven to be totally untrue. There's other people in charge now, and the company's twice what it was when he left, you know, and, and obviously his, his contributions to the business are unmatched. But, but he's, you know, I think that magic had been gone for a while and now it's on display for everybody to see at how great the company's doing. It really is a very bizarre time for this to be coming out, but, you know, fitting in, in, in a certain way. Yeah. It's weird. 'cause there's been a lot of books written about him.


They've done a million documentaries about everyone in the WW universe to varying degrees of quality. But I felt like I knew a lot. But when you see it all put together, I think the one thing that really surprised me, and maybe this will come through for people watch it, is just, just how many times it intersected with pop culture in Yep. In these kind of influential ways that I don't think maybe wrestling and a couple people say that during the doc, like, you kind of don't understand that wrestling, which is over here and people make fun of it. It's for booger eaters, all that stuff. And then it's like over and over again is crossing over into all these parts of business and culture.


And, and I think seeing the landscape of that over 50 years, I thought was really interesting, especially the way that Vince saw over and over again, pieces of turf opportunity, the way that he thought about business just really aggressively over and over again. So from that standpoint, I hadn't really pieced it all together in my head until Chris did it. Yeah. I think, I think that watching it, people really get a vision of that, that they might not have gotten before. I think wrestling fans in particular, you know, like you said, some of them will, will feel like they've seen all this and you have like, been to a lot of these places in history before. Yeah. But the story that's being told I think is bigger. And I think in terms of a documentary that you can watch with, you know, your wife, with your girlfriend, with your friends who weren't into wrestling, whatever, I mean, I think that this is gonna, this is gonna be, this is a story that's being told in such a way that it can really be appreciated by just anybody.


I mean, it's a, it's, which was our Goal. We, we weren't trying to go for the 1% diehard wrestling fans. They're trying to get everybody to watch it. Yeah. You know, and at that, if, if we were making this just for you and me, it probably would've been a lot more hardcore and there would've been some stuff in there that, you know, my wife wouldn't have cared about. Sure. I mean, if, if, if we had made the Andre documentary for just you and me, it wouldn't have been the documentary that people still talk about now. Right. Right. It wouldn't have been the documentary that like brings nonw wrestling fans to tears every single time. You know? I mean, it's, it's a, it's an incredible, it's, it's a, it's an incredible daunting task to take something like this on.


So I I I, I, well, The thing you have to know is the wrestling fans, the diehard ones are, they're all maniacs. They all really give a shit. They've all seen everything, and they're probably not gonna like whatever you make. Right? Yeah. You just have to go into it knowing, well, yeah, they're gonna watch this anyway, but they're probably gonna be unhappy with five different things. Sure. I mean, Cody Rhodes wins a world tide WrestleMania, and there's some number of people sitting in the football stadium saying, man, that should have been ricochet or whatever, you know? I mean, like, there's, there's all, and and they're, That's they love wrestling And that's why they, and, and they, and they believe that they're a hundred percent right and that everybody else should probably agrees with them. Right. I mean that, and that's where all, that's, that's what being a wrestling fan is all about. So sure. There's gonna be parts of the documentary where you say, you know, why didn't they ask this question?


Or why didn't they double down? Why didn't they go more into this? I mean, there's a lot of reasons why, but like, we're te you're telling one big story. Right. And it, and, and not every single little thing is gonna be there just the way that every different person wants it. Those are the decisions that, you know, you and Chris and everybody involved had to make. What was the biggest cutting room for Ouch for you? For me, it was the whole evil Knievel story that we had to take out. Oh God, that was so good. I thought that, so Good. I'm gonna try to see if Chris can put that as like a deleted scene or something. That's because we had a bunch of stuff from Vince in the 72 to 76 range that just for the story, sometimes you have to cut stuff because it's just better for the way the narrative moves.


But you're like, oh man, I don't wanna lose that. But we lost that Evil can evil bit. There was an early cut of that. That was like the first thing we even we ever saw from Chris. Oh Yeah. It was the lead of the second episode And we were, oh my gosh, it was so great. I mean, that, there's a lot of that stuff. I mean, you mentioned all the stuff that the, the influences on culture and the way that culture influenced wrestling. There are a lot of moments like that that, that you get into the weeds a little bit with Vince or with other people and, and, and it just doesn't fit with the bigger picture or, you know, when you're trying, even though we're trying to trim this down to six episodes, I mean, it's a ton of real estate. Yeah. Six hours, but six hours that easily could have been 10 and probably in certain people's hands would've been 10. Yeah, yeah. I mean, there were some quieter moments with Vince where, you know, you could see him on the verge of getting really introspective.


They just don't really make sense in a documentary like this, you know? I mean, yeah. How long can you just stare at his face, like wondering what he's thinking? But as, but when you're watching it happen in real time or even on the first cut, you're just like, God, that's so good. That's a real moment right there. But then you realize you have so many other big moments that we really have to hurry up and get to, you know, that pe that people really wanna see. It was the, certainly the strangest documentary process I've ever been involved with. I will say though, I've worked with a lot of people at, I've done a lot of these at this point. I, I was, I just could, could not believe how good Chris and his team were. I've never worked with a team quite like that. We had the final cut of the sixth episode of this with, there were 14 cuts. Yeah.


I've never worked on anything that had more than like five or six or something of an episode. And each cut was different. And it was just, I think all of us, at some point you just realize like, Hey, we've spent so much time on this, this now has to be good. And those guys, these are just really hard to make. And I hope people appreciate that when they watch it. Like there's so much precision and care and time to every editing choice how things move. It's amazing to watch. It was, it's true. I mean, you, you watch so many cuts that you just go blind to it at a certain point, but that team never went blind. Right. I mean, they just, like, everything was just incredibly well done. And Chris, I mean, like you said, we picked somebody who, who wasn't a big wrestling fan.


Yeah. He is an expert at making documentaries about odd subcultures, you know, and he came in with wide eyes and just threw himself into it. And I mean, it's almost like we had conversations that were almost like, you know, when you watch wrestling with like a young, with your kid when they're little, they're just, they ask a question enough and you ask, but you ask, they ask a question that's just so clear and obvious that you haven't thought about it since you were five or whatever. That you're just like, oh, well let me think about that for a minute. You know, and you'd like, you it that it start And there were just so many moments I had just like sitting at a coffee table with Chris, just like going over notes, going over video, going over, you know, whatever. When we were doing the, when kind of in the researching phase.


And yeah, I mean, just watching him get, get invested, get enthralled and just, you know, and figuring out this story was, was just so incredible. And I think that the final product really, really, you know, his vision really comes through Mr. McMahon on Netflix. It's premiering September 25th, so basically late night. We'll see how it goes. Shoemaker, what a ride for us. Yeah. We'll both go into hiding after this interview and, and, and reemerge, you know. Yeah. The post apocalypse. We'll see what happens. All right. Good To see you. You too, man.


Alright. That's it for the podcast. Thanks to Kyle Creon and Steve Saru for producing thanks to Sheil Kapadia and David Chang and David Shoemaker. Don't forget the new re watchable went up Monday night. We did. Over the top. you can find it on The Ringer movies, YouTube channel, and you can find all this stuff from this podcast on the Bill Simmons YouTube channel. And you can find Mr. McMahon on Netflix, September 25th, late night September 24th. I'll see you on this podcast on Thursday.


Must be 21 plus in President select states for Kansas and affiliation with Kansas Star Casino, or 18 plus in President dc. Gambling problem, call 100 gambler. Visit rg help.com. Call 1 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org/chat in Connecticut. Or visit md gambling help.org in Maryland. Hope is here. Visit gambling helpline ma.org or call 803 2 7 50 50 for twenty four seven support Massachusetts. Or call 1 8 7 7 8 Hope ny. Or text Hope and Y in New York.