
Coming up. It is football season, so of course we're gonna talk basketball for 90 minutes with Zach Lowe.


Next, it's The Bill Simmons Podcast presented by FanDuel Football. Finally back you can dive into all the action With FanDuel, they have the best betting app. They have the most bets, they have parlays, they have same game parlays, they have boosts. I'm gonna be doing Boost every single week during the NF NFL season and you can trail those. I love FanDuel. The app is safe, secure, and easy to use, and when you win you'll get paid instantly. Plus, look out for FanDuel Squares this NFL season. Visit FanDuel dot com slash bs to download America's number one Sportsbook. The Ringer is committed to responsible gaming. Please visit rg help.com to learn more about the resources and helplines available. And listen to the end of the episode for additional details. Must be 21 plus President Select state's game problem called winning hundred gamble. Visit rg help.com.


This episode is brought to you by Buffalo Wild Wings. Go takeout and delivery from Buffalo Wild Wings is now Buffalo Wild Wings go. I like it. And for a limited time, you can get 10 free boneless wings from Buffalo Wild Wings. Go When you spend $15 and use promo code, go boneless. My favorite. By the way, this makes it easier for you to try more of bubs sauces. They have a crazy amount of sauces and dry rubs as you know. If you've ever been there, there's like 26 of them. Man, how do I narrow it down to a favorite? I like Nashville Hot. I like the original Buffalo. I'm an original Buffalo guy. Orange Chicken. Underrated. They have a bunch of 'em. Go look. Order Buffalo Wild Wings. Go right now while you watch the games this football season and enjoy your 10 free boneless wings. And I'm gonna recommend the Nashville Hot 'cause I like the hot. you can get the Nashville hot sauce while you're at it. At participating locations for a limited time when you order in the Buffalo Wild Wings web or app.


We're also brought to you by The Ringer. Podcast Network. We put up a new re watchable last night and it was a banger with a capital B. That's right. We did the original John Wick movie. We had already done John Wick too, but 10 year anniversary, John Wicks Coming up. So we said Screw it. Me, Chris Ryan and the one and only Shea Serrano. That's right. Our old friend Shay came back. I'm thinking I'm back. Yeah, he's back. And we had a great podcast. you can watch it on our Ringer Movies YouTube channel as well. if you subscribe to us on YouTube, if you don't subscribe to us on YouTube. For god's sakes. Whatcha Waiting for Ringer Movies is the channel, the Bill Simmons YouTube channel as well where we put all the quips and complete episodes from this podcast.


And we do Guest the lines with Cousin Sal live on Sundays. So it's football season. I haven't talked basketball in six, seven weeks and a little more than a month away. Zach Lowe and I, we had to reunite and we talked basketball and it went for an hour and a half. And we're gonna do it right now. First our friends fresh off their Fenway Park appearance. Pearl Jam.


All right, we're taping this on a Tuesday morning. My old friend Zach Lowe here, we used to work together at Grantland. He's still at ESPN. We like to do home and homes every once in a while. I haven't talked basketball on this podcast in like, basically since the, the Olympics. All of a sudden this season is within, what is it, a month, Media days in 13 days. Bill, as we're recording this, I I don't understand how it snuck up on us so fast, but what, what's the thing you're most excited about before we go negative? Most excited about I think the West is just, I I have questions about everybody except Oklahoma City. At least in a regular season. I think Oklahoma City's just gonna be a, a nasty regular season team.


Everybody after that, like everybody has put Denver, Minnesota, Dallas in like Sharpie as 2, 3, 4. One of those teams at least is gonna be disappointing. Just that's just the law of averages. I have questions about all of them and like some of these like Sacramento, what's happened in there? Pelicans, like have a weird high, high ceiling. I don't know where the floor is. Lakers Suns. I think West. I think the west. Someone is gonna sneak into the top four. My pick would probably be Memphis, but we'll get, I just think the West is, is really fun. Top to bottom. I'm excited for just a better league. I didn't really like the season last year. The more we got some distance for it, we had all these dumb injuries and disappointing teams and then I just didn't think the playoffs were that good.


And then they kind of owe us, they owe us a good season. I've heard you talk about it and I, I think I talked about it once. Like what was the, what was the best playoff series of the entire playoff Run? That's the thing. It it, I mean probably from an entertainment standpoint it was Philly, New York, right? And that would, that would be my pick. Minnesota. Denver was Minnesota. Denver was most dramatic. But the games aren't games I would wanna watch again on hardwood classics. Dallas O KC was really good. Dallas O KC was underrated. Yeah, almo almost every other series minus a highlight here or there was pretty forgettable. He like Nick's pacers just war of attrition. Not that, not that, not that interesting.


Nick's Sixers would be my pick. Yeah. 'cause then you think of all the guys who were either hurt or coming back from injuries, all the really play a high intensity, awesome game until the Indiana series and then they beat Indiana and Indiana and it's like, here we go. And and Indiana was a team that everybody was discounting for months and months and months. But I don't, I don't know, it just never got there. So I feel like they owe us. I feel like the season's gonna be awesome. Like when they left Giannis, I talked about this when they left Giannis off of Christmas day. I was like, oh here we go. This is good. Like we have so many good teams that Giannis didn't even make Christmas day.


But that's not what we're gonna talk about today. We're gonna talk about the NBA things we're worried about now we are the Worry draft. Yeah. And it doesn't even have to be a draft. We can just alternate back and forth and if somebody takes somebody else's, that's fine. But now that we're, we're not landing the plane on on opening night yet, but now we're kind of within, you know, 40 minutes the flight attendants telling us to maybe get ready to hand the little TV things back. Get your stuff, make sure you don't leave anything behind. The number one thing you were the most worried about heading into this NBA season is, Yeah, I had a no brainer number one pick for the, for this draft.


you can go a few different directions, but for me it's, it's the Milwaukee Bucks, just everything. Milwaukee Bucks top to bottom disaster season in just every possible way. Last year coaching higher gone bad Midseason coaching change slash podcast retirement by Doc Rivers doesn't write the ship, right. Writes something's about the ship but not the whole ship. Right. Another Giannis, a other, another Giannis playoff injury. Wipes out, wipes them out in the first round. Middleton's injured off and on all year and Dame just rough adjustment on all levels. Much rougher than we thought after the just earthquake of a Drew holiday trade.


That was their way of saying this other iteration of our team that won a championship. It's hit the ceiling. Like we can't, we can't get back to the finals with this group. We need a jolt, we need a change. This is it. Juice the offense. Bring in one of the greatest point guards of all time greatest. One of the greatest shooting point guards of all time Easy chemistry with the Giannis. It just, the story just writes itself. The whole season is a mess. Dame is even injured in the playoffs and now everyone's a year older. Middleton is going into potentially the last year of his deal with the player option in 25, 26. Same is true as of Portus. Brooke Lopez is gonna be a free agent. Gary Trent's here on the minimum.


I don't know how that's gonna, I like, I'm optimistic about that but he, he's like, this could just be a way station for him. I, everyone's a year older. The injury questions particularly about Middleton kind of remain and New York got better. Philly won free agency Boston just rampage to the title and brought everybody back. I don't know where to Cleveland when Cleveland locked up. Everybody, Cleveland, Orlando, Indiana are coming from like the other side of the, the other half of the conference all on the upswing. I don't know where this team fits in in the Eastern conference hierarchy. I do know that I only Philadelphia would be in the conversation for me as team with more pressure on them in the Eastern conference because the Giannis domino is always just gonna be sitting there and the team just gets older around him.


They haven't found a young player that's even kind of remotely interesting so far that Giannis can look at and say, well like in five years that guy, that guy's gonna be awesome. And I just, I don't know how this season is gonna go. I have no, I have no feel for it. And the GM tried to take the Pistons job or wanted to and they ended up keeping him. That part was weird. They have a draft pick in the first round. He ends up taking a young guy who can't help them this year. I have the same concerns but you could go glass half full on them too, right Year from hell last year easily. They trade Drew, he somehow ends up on the Celtics who become awesome. They get Dame who we find out after the season, hasn't worked out in the whole summer leading up.


'cause he was so afraid to get hurt before he got traded. And he comes in, he is going through a divorce and he's just terrible. Middleton kind of back and forth between whether he was healthy or not. Their bench was disappointing and the Yiannis stuff before last season was real. Like whether people wanna believe it or not. Now they didn't know whether he was gonna ask for a trade or not. And that's something that happened. So now you're looking at this season and it's the same kind of thing. I know he committed to them, but that team's old I what have you heard about Middleton's? Just, just his body. The double ankle surgeries. The double ankle surgeries And the knees. And it just seems like his lower body is going on him.


And, and to me that's the biggest issue of all for them. I mean, I've heard that I haven't checked in in a while, but I haven't heard anything that like he's not gonna be ready, you know, to start the season or earlier in the season. I don't think, like I said, I haven't checked in, but so I expect him to be okay. But I have heard concerns about like, does he have any chance on defense anymore? And you know, this is a team that's gonna ask him to guard real guys. And you know, the defensive infrastructure around Giannis and Lopez, which is a great place to start. Any defense is not what it used to be. The bench is like, pat Conan fell off a cliff last year. I don't know what the hope is for him.


But look, I, I make the glass half full case to people all the time because I just can't write off a team with Giannis if Giannis can just avoid these freakish injuries before the playoffs. 'cause the guy is like the freaking Terminator and Dame is still, I expect Dame to have a better season. So there's like two ingredients right there. Coaching stability should help. I mean the record under Doc was worse than it was under Adrian Griffin, but the Adrian Griffin thing was a disaster. Like it's easy to make the the glass half full case. I can't write a team with the honest, I just can't write them out of like they can't win the east or whatever. They Also stole some minimum salary guys that I didn't, I didn't think we had that on our bingo card. They got three guys who are gonna be able to play in a playoff series for them with no money whatsoever to spend Prince Trent and who else am I, who am I forgetting?


Prince Trent. There's a third one. They got a third guy. See it's, it, it was so stealth. I can't even remember who it was. But, but my point is, as I make this glass half full case to people around the League, right? Delon Wright, Alm no one is, no one is, oh, Delon Wright. I love Delon Wright. I'm like Delon Wright fan number one. That's a great signing I make. But I make this case to people around the league coaches, front office people, agents, no one's buying. Everyone's like, it's, they just, they, they like stopped me halfway through. It's like, it's like someone trying to sell me like Optimum trying to get me to come back and get my cable deal. It's like I don't need, I don't, I'm canceling, I'm canceling, I'm out. You don't have to give me the spiel. I'm sorry guy. I know you have to. It's like no one's buying it and I can't, I mean it, they're just, they're, I just hear they're old.


This iteration isn't gonna work. I'm like, oh, okay. I I'm stunned at the level of pessimism about the Bucks. But I, they would top my, I don't know who you had it or what entity you had in the top slot, but for me they were an easy like number one. So Middleton played 33 games in 23, played 55 games last year. The minutes were low. He's 24.3 27 for the last two seasons. 15 a game just at, it feels like he's at a different point in his career. Good, good playoffs that again, the glass half full case involves Middleton averaging like 25 a game in the playoffs against the, against short series, against the, not short six games against the Pacers. That's all it was. But he had to do a lot and he was pretty good. But this is a team, he's 33 this year.


And this is a team. When they go against younger wings, you're just terrified for them. And Giannis is doing everything. But like, let's say they're super disappointing. Let's say that we're in, we're heading around Christmas, they're not gonna be in the Christmas games and they're like one or two games over 500. What, like what's, what's, what if is the fear that Giannis would be like, I don't wanna go down like this. I'm I'm still in my prime. You guys need to fix this or send me somewhere. Like I I don't even know what the moves are. I guess they have a lot of expiring deals. So then they, you're in the mode where you have to take a big swing for, you know, somebody else's problem that's expensive and then that goes down a whole other rabbit hole where you're like, oh, we didn't even really wanna do this.


But now we don't really have a choice. And we've seen so many teams fuck themselves up long-term at that. I just don't know what the outcome is. If they don't do well, that doesn't involve Giannis rumors. Yeah, I mean Giannis is locked up ironclad through 26, 27. So this season and, and two more, which is great for the Bucks. That extension was a coup. It's one of the reasons why I still defend. I'm like the last person defending the Damian LOLer trade apparently. Yeah, today you're You're defending it. Wow. Is there even one more person for the support group or no, it's just you, you're just showing up at a coffee shop by yourself. It's just, it's just me. I, there is some, there is maybe a chat room with some anonymous people who are a afraid to reveal their identities 'cause they're ashamed.


But it, it, it's, it's, it's mostly just me and I, I I still defend it because I do think offensively that team they had maxed out was, yeah, I get it. Had maxed out. I thought it was worth a shot. The price was pretty high. And Drew, how Can you defend the part that drew how ended up on the Celtics? Well, I Mean they, when you're in the chat rooms, I, I've said I've said before, like I, I would love to know not what they knew, but how hard they tried to make it a three team trade at the time without It getting out That it was happening. Yeah. You can't trust anything. So, so that they could just say anywhere but Boston, anywhere but anywhere but Boston. Like, could, the only Way to do that is if the Equippers had been involved in that trade from minute one and then you're, you just, you know, he is going to a team that's gonna keep him.


But I think they were, you know, drew was kind of blindsided by him and he is talked about it. I think they were so worried it was gonna come out that Drew was even in the trade, that they were just like, you know what? We're just gonna do the trade and then Portland and then hopefully I, it felt like they misread. I I had heard they felt like he was going to the Clippers and they didn't see the Celtics piece coming, which I think is crazy that they didn't see that coming. I mean, everybody knew the Celtics were gonna get in it, right? As soon as the, as soon as the Drew suite with the agents. They, they, but just you, it, you didn't even, it was just common sense. The Clippers were definitely in it. I think the heat tried to be in it, but the heat lasers relationship was, let's say not at a strong point at that, at that moment.


Still not good. But to your point, it's still not good. And to your point, like if they are, if it, if it is looking like, all right, you know what, it's just, it's not happening. Giannis is locked up, but I'm, I don't even know what the move is because Middleton is, no, by the Way, nobody is locked up anymore. If Giannis wants to get traded, he is gonna get traded. And that's, that's what the league is. Now if he, if he decides I don't like, I don't like this situation, that's it. This is how the league goes. That's, that's largely true. You at least have the leverage of years and time on your side. I I in any case where the guy has that been years, but like you Middleton's essentially an expiring contract. Lopez is basically an expiring contract.


The move would be Dame. And I've, I've said before, like I'll bet you Miami would revisit that, you know, the the failed dame talks before. But that's what, what am I getting back that makes Giannis happy? If that's, if that's my concern. Now, if he, if he comes to me and says, Hey man, I'm, if I'm, if I'm here for the long haul, like you need to recoup some draft picks. You get Tyler hero, whatev whatever, fake Dame trade return. You wanna, you wanna speculate about like, I'm cool like that. That's one thing. But it's a, it's a tough, they're, they're, they don't have, they can't compete with other teams for a big name player that comes available via trade. They don't have the picks, they don't have the young players.


I don't know, this is all the reason why there would be number one on my anxiety draft. They're definitely, there's no scenario going into the season where they can be considered to be one of the top three teams in the east. if you go the FanDuel ads, you Just, you're just writing it up. There's no scenario. No, I'm just saying from FanDuel, ADSS Celtics for the conference are plus 1 55. The Sixers are plus four 40. Now we can talk about them later. the Knicks are plus four 40 and Milwaukee's seven to one. So they're like firmly in the fourth spot, at least from a betting on Standpoint. Everyone has written them off and, and like, not me, I, I haven't written them off yet. I I still feel like Dame has a big comeback year in him. It's very possible.


Last year was just a year from hell from him. I, at the same time, was not bullish on Dame with what everybody wanted give up on them last year. 'cause the small guards moving in a different point of their career. I think there's cases to be made both ways. And I feel like we're gonna know in the first couple weeks of the season is this like, oh shit, this looks like 1997 Dana Baros. Or it's like, oh, this looks like 2019 dam again. All right, so my number one pick, which I thought you were gonna take, and I gotta say I'm a little surprised the Denver Nuggets, Ooh, they're, I mean they're in my, they're, I, I've, I guess I've talked about them a lot so I don't wanna overdo it, but they're in my top, they're in my top five, I would say not, not, not to not number one or number two.


They Lose KCP who granted, if you watch, if you look at his playoffs stats, it's not devastating, but it was a guy who was a proven defender. The Murray Extension coming off his playoffs and then the Olympics and whatever is going on with him physically that makes you Gulp Gordon's got an extension coming. They've been passed at least as a regular season team by OKC in Dallas and Minnesota and maybe one other team. This is a six year run already One title, one round three, that's it. They've had zero 60 win seasons. They've had the guy who's been, it's either him or Yon Eser, who's the best player in the league since LeBron finally dipped a little Yoic turns 30 this season.


And I guess my question is, are we ever gonna have a great Yoic team? Because this team, they won the title and they had that great playoff run, but they've never had a great start to finish season. They've never, they've never been kick ass great for nine months. And with a guy like yo, especially if you compare him with some of the greats in history, which I think, I think for both of us, he is in the top 15 of all time now. It's just a little weird and a little unlucky that it's never happened for him for nine straight months. And the Murray thing has a huge piece of that. Murray gets hurt at the worst possible time. And Misses two Postseasons last year was a complete fluke.


I don't understand what happened to them. They have a 20 point lead at home in game seven and just completely fall apart. I fluke May is maybe the wrong word, whatever that was, that was one of the most unusual game sevens in the history of the league. And then afterwards, all the stuff they're talking about is, yeah, we were dead, we were exhausted. It's like, go look at the history of the league. This is te, te teams have played four or five finals in a row. People have been having 9,500 game seasons for a quarter of a decade or a half of a decade. The Warriors were in the finals every year from 15 to 19 playing a hundred a game, a hundred games a year. The huge bullseye.


Every building they go into, they're like rock stars. There's no way the Nuggets had it harder than that Warriors team. And I don't really know where this goes, but I don't like where we are. So they did go 16 and four in the playoffs year. They won the title, right? Obviously they nice run, played a couple, a couple play in teams. You, so you're saying never had a great, a great year. A gr a truly great yoic team. They've never won 60 games in a season. That seems impossible, but it's a hundred percent true. You know, they've been grinders, they've been up and down. It's a team that, oh, especially last year that felt like they were down 10, 15, they'd come back, they'd figure out how to, you know, steal games in the fourth quarter and then the playoffs that went away.


And I just, I'm just nervous 'cause I, as you know, YOIC I think is Yoic and Courier are my two favorite non Celtics. And I just hope we're not on the downside of the mountain with this nuggets run already because they don't have a lot of moves. It's the series. The Lake Porter move is the one port, the porter moves the one kind of big move that can make. Other than that, I don't know what the moves are. Well The Porter thing becomes interesting if and when Gordon gets an extension because then the team is just gonna become so prohibitively expensive because then like you get into Christian Brown's deal comes up and Peyton Watson's deal comes up and are all these guys still on the team? Something is gonna have to give 'cause the cronies just aren't gonna pay like 30 million over the second April, whatever.


It's gonna be 30 million over the tax every single year. So, so, but I don't like you talk to people around the league about Michael Porter Jr. And his injury like kind of lit one of those seasons on fire. He and Murray lost a season together, lost a postseason together. Yeah, I don't, people don't quite know how to value him because the on ball aspects of his offense just haven't really developed at the same, at the same at the rate that people had hoped. He's, he's on offense. He, you know, he'll get an offense rebound. He is a good cutter. He, but he's not doing all that much off the dribble. So he's, he's in this perfect ecosystem for him where he has the greatest passing big man and one of the five greatest pastors of all time probably just, and this offense that's built around movement, it's absolutely perfect for him.


Nobody really knows how that would translate. His defense is average on goodnights, worse on, and he, He's got size which helps him like for whatever He's trying build. Yeah, he's a, a very tall shooter, which tends to age really, really well. But he's not like the tall shooter in the, the classic Durant dirk mold where it's like, just give him the ball at the nail. Let him work. He rises up. Like that's just the fail safe. I think like the Denver one is a great pick. They're relying on youth. I, I wrote about this a couple months ago. They were dead last than three point rate last season, three point a temper rate. They lose a good three point shooter in KCP. They elevate a, a mediocre three point shooter in Christian Brown.


They sign the worst high volume three point shooter in the history of the NBA and Russell Westbrook didn't Mention him. I essentially left him out of my case. Well There, but there is a line somewhere where you just have to take more threes than this or else you can't win four playoff series in a row in 2025. The math is, is too difficult. And Murray, But there's one other, there's one other issue with that. And we didn't even talk about Murray yet. The, the more miles they put on Yoke Cage in these seasons, his three point shot starts to go sideways, right? And that's what happened in Minnesota. That's even, he carried over to the Olympics and teams were, teams were just like, go ahead man, knock yourself out.


They were almost trying to jet out, mind trick him And well it's by far the least, it's by far the lesser of all possible evils that yo pitch can inflict on you, Right? So in some ways it's like in the NFL when there's some really good offense and a quarterback that does certain things and then defenses eventually figure out, ah, alright, well just, just just do this. And if you make them, you make them. And with the amount of miles that he had last year because they couldn't take 'em out, you know, and it, and the bench isn't is I, you know, I know they have some young guys they're counting on, but it's just the ecosystem we have now in the league where you're just not gonna have deep awesome teams anymore unless you're in this situation like the Celtics where you're just gonna spend a cajillion dollars for a an eight man rotation.


So the Westbrook piece, we've seen how many teams now try to talk themselves into this. We had Houston, Washington doesn't really count 'cause they wanted him for 40 minutes game and a lot of stats. The Clippers, the Lakers, this is yet another team where, where there's a case you can make while he's gonna do this. Then Yoic is off the floor and, and Westbrook's energy, we could run stuff through him. His rebounding, like he did some good stuff on the clippers and then in the playoffs was an abomination. Like he, he became unplayable in the Dallas. I, I mean I remember watching those games like I, I just was like, what is he, what is he doing? Like, I don't know, I he was so he Deranged, He was on Tilt the whole, the whole series and like yeah, like you said, Denver is a a bad free throw team, okay.


He can like just rampage to the rim and maybe get us some free throws. Sarich will probably be their backup up five. So he is a shooting center, a lot of space for us to attack. And it worked out for the Clippers for like the first two, three months. It was a feel good story. Like I just don't think it's gonna be a game changer for them in a positive way. I like the best case scenario is it doesn't hurt I think like Russ doesn't hurt and Buy and buys them a couple months, which I think SAR is like this too. There's these November December players where you read like the athletic story and December 10th it's like Sarge is really fitting with the nuggets and then you get to April and he's playing four minutes a game and they seem to have a few of those. But Murray's gonna determine this one way or the other.


If Murray's, if Murray's not back to where he was two years ago and whatever is going on with him continues, there's no chance the west is too good and it's too much of a burden on Yoic. I think. Well, well the extension was a clear, I mean you have to interpret it as a vote of confidence in him because they didn't have to do it now. They didn't have to do it before the season. They could have just saw how he played in the preseason, saw he played early the season. They could have taken as long as they wanted to do it. Like I've argued, there is no plan B for them. I don't know what the trade would be to extricate themselves from this extension in this situation. And I love Jamal Murray, but they did have the luxury of time and they decided, no, we're just buying, we're going all in now on Jamal Murray.


We're gonna gonna go all in on a bounce back year. And I would like warning to everyone, including us. He gets off to slow starts every season. So like Jamal Murray's track record suggests that on Thanksgiving he's gonna be shooting like 37%, 33% from three, the world's gonna be f it's that, that's how it goes every year. And so I'm not gonna panic if he's off to a bad start, but if it's like January, February and it's like, where is where is like, can you gimme some glimpses of playoff Jamal Murray because that's, that's the whole thing. Everything el like I even think the KCP thing, it, it's not awesome that you've lost Bruce Brown and KCP and Jeff Green it. But, but I have some faith in the young guys and I just have overwhelming faith in Yoic to make everything work at its highest possible level.


Just provided he has just enough baseline talent around him, which has to include a pick and roll partner who is ready at go time. Like my take on the nuggets I, there there's some, there's some internal stuff that they've gotta sort out. But I think, I don't know man, I they, I stole my pick them to make the finals this year. If they can figure out enough things. I I'm, I'm not as worried about the KCP thing as most people are. I'm not as worried about it either. But combined with the Bruce Brown and you think about how important those guys two years ago, it's just, there's undeniable that it's changed. They have the, they're tied for the third best odds for the conference. OKCs plus three 20 Minnesota plus four 50 in Dallas and Denver Or both Five if you decide if you made a fi you haven't, it's too early to make a finals pick, right?


Like you haven't made, like your, The only thing I did, I was in Boston for, for like mid-August and I bet on the OKC to win the conference and the one seat stuff just 'cause the odds hadn't caught up with Win the win the regular season, Win the regular season. I did regular season stuff with them and then the conference stuff and the now the odds have become the right odds. But I, I felt like they were a little off there. So I I I mean the big inefficiency is Memphis, which was I think 22 to one to win the conference. That's down to 16 to one. But I feel like a cra I feel like a crazy person about Memphis and maybe they're on my list of worries. So let, let, not worries, but like I I I'm so bullish on them that I feel like a crazy person.


It worries you how much excited You're about. No, I have a spec, I have a specific thing that every time I'm like head over heels about Memphis and like hammer the over like they could be the number two seed. There's one thing that I keep coming back to, but we, we can get to that later. Let's take a break and then, then you go next.


Kick off this NFL season with a win on FanDuel America's number one sports book. Right now all customers get a profit boost every single NFL game day. That means you can pump up your grid iron winnings multiple times a week. FanDuel tons of ways you can get in on the NFL action but on money line spreads player props and much more. I'm kind of staring at the pats on Thursday night. I gotta be honest, even though they just lost their best linebacker, I feel like they can hang around on that Jets team. So there's some fun alt stuff you can do. There's some same game parlay stuff you can do. We're gonna do a million dollar picks on this podcast on Thursday. Stay tuned for that. Me and Joe House, there's super simple live betting on FanDuel. They have lightning fast bet settlement, they have instant withdrawals. FanDuel all they're doing is make a betting on the NFL easier than there before. Just visit FanDuel dot com slash bs and you can download FanDuel today. You must be 21 plus in President select states or 18 plus in president DC. Optin required bonus issue does non withdraw but profit boost tokens restrictions apply including token expiration. See terms for both offers@sportsbook.fan.com game a problem called win 800 gamble or visit rg-help.com.


This episode is brought to you by Paramount plus Paramount Plus, once again, your home to stream the NFL on CBS all season long. Don't miss the thrilling on field accident stream your live local CBS game every Sunday. 'cause they have one every Sunday all the way through the playoffs, including the A FC championship that my beloved Patriots used to win. I love watching the NFL at home every weekend. But you know when streaming is really great, when you have to go somewhere, you can pop it on your phone, you can take the games with you even if you're flying somewhere. Take the games with you. Visit paramount plus.com/nfl to get started today.


Alright, coming back. Milwaukee and Denver are the two things we are the most worried about heading into the 20 24, 25 season. What is your second pick? So maybe this wasn't as high on your list 'cause it's a little bit of a a cop out, but number two on my list was Joelle em beads knee. I I just like, Oh, I had that, I had it, I'd had it later. But I had the same thing. Like I've been, I I've been talking about this in relation to back when a flashback a year and the whole Philly situation seemed a little bit uncertain. Like is this gonna, is this gonna hold together or is he gonna be the next guy that asks out?


And you've talked about various places he might've asked out to go to and then Maxie blows up to have a great season and bead scores more than a point a minute Derek cruising until he gets injured. Then they get Paul George and Frey. Everything's all settled. And I was talking about like, man, can you really throw the five first round picks four swaps best young players for Joel Embiid who is maybe the best player in the NBA when he is healthy but gets hurt all the time. And this was before Jonathan Minga fell on his left knee and he had a meniscus injury and both his knees have been injured, I think multiple times. The left one has definitely been injured multiple times and it just is beginning to feel like an inevitability that at some point in every season he's going to have an injury and it's no longer just the it for a while it was like the freakish injuries, like Pascal Sicca breaks his face, he has the eye socket injury.


There were a couple others like that in the playoffs now it feels like the lower body stuff is starting to pile up and I maybe, again, this is a cop out, but this is a team that's obviously all in for this season having signed Paul George and then they did a great, we all agreed they did an amazing job in the off season. Rounding out the roster with Caleb Martin and some smart minimum signings. They're, they are tailor made to make a mid-season trade to upgrade the three, four spots in the rotation. And, and and, and you know, they have KJ Martin's contract, they have picks like everything is riding on this season and it, it just, it all like, it all falls away if Joel Embiid gets hurt and he seems to get hurt every year.


And the repetitive nature of them is is very worrisome to me. And it's frankly the reason why, like I'm not gonna pick them to win the East. I'm not gonna pick them to win the title because Joel Embiid getting hurt feels like a more likely event than Jason Tatum getting hurt or even Giannis getting hurt, which sounds crazy 'cause Giannis has missed the last two playoffs with injuries or anyone on the Knicks getting hurt no matter how many minutes Tibs plays everybody all the time and they all got hurt at the end of The last year. How about me getting hurt? I feel like I'm like, I, I play tennis all the time. I feel like I'm a better bet to stay healthy. I had Joel and Be's body as one of my things. I just think he's had too many injuries and I don't think he's in shape and we haven't seen him really in shape.


And all you have to do is go back and look at the videos of him during that run when Jimmy Butler was on the team or look at him the first year when he played the 31 games. Go look at him against Kansas, he's carrying so much more weight now on top of all the injuries that he has. I it's a recipe for disaster in the NBA. We've seen it too many times. There's the league has changed, we shoot more threes, the defense is better, there's better scheming. I get all of it. But one thing that has never changed is physically, if you've had a lot of injuries and you're not in good shape, you're gonna keep getting hurt. And that's been the case since the 1950s and it's gonna be the case with him. And I'm with you.


I I think when you're in the playoffs, that is a nine month run and when you're, when you actually get to the playoffs, that becomes 10 weeks the highest intensity possible. It favors the younger guys, it's bad for the older guys, it's bad for the injury prone guys. I keep thinking about Blake Griffin when I think of Embi where Blake Griffin at all these different injuries, some were, you know, bad luck in his legs. Others were like he had, he broke his hand punched in the equipment manager, but all of a sudden he had like seven or eight injuries and if you're outta your up it was like, oh shit. And then the clippers were like, we're out of the Blake Griffin business, we're trading him. And then his body broke down a year later. And I just think with centers I'm with you.


I I get it on paper. Those three guys look awesome. There's so many reasons why it might not work out and there's a couple reasons why I could, I there was a lot of, one thing that surprised me was that you, you thought he's the best player in the league when he is healthy. I I just don't think he is. I mean, I said maybe and last year Healthy Joel Embiid was what he was doing offensively was absolutely outrageous. I agree. Like I look, I I I was early on the Yoki train, I've been saying Yoic is the best player in the NBA for a long time last year it was very close because his scoring was just absolutely outrageous. His turnovers were no longer, his passing was better, his assistant turnover ratio was better.


It's like, so when Paul George signed in Philly, there was, there was some Paul George like shot in Freud is too strong of a word, but I've even Wendy was like, how many times is Paul George gonna change teams and we're all gonna go crazy about it? And it's the biggest story in the NBA and what does it lead to that was, this is when you saying like how many playoff series wins has it led to? Like what, what did, what does it amount to and yeah, Paul George has some not great playoff moments, notably in the bubble. And then last year against Dallas, he was not good. Not good enough. I have no anxiety about Paul George as a Philadelphia 76 er even in big playoff games. Like he's gonna be the third option. It's a perfect role for him. The pressure isn't the same. All my Sixers anxiety is about mb that's, that's the only, that's the only reason I'm like, this is not like my pick to make the finals is all about his body and the one thing that they can control.


You know, he can control his conditioning. He can't control the bad breaks, breaks that he keeps suffering on the court. They and he together can control the dude the 65 game. Like we're going for the MVP, we gotta make all like that stuff has gotta be over. Now the only thing that matters is we just have to get your body is best. We have to maximize our chances that April 15th comes and you're ready to go at the highest possible level. Everything else has to be secondary to that. And I'll bet you having not talked to his people or whatever, I'll bet you there's some agreement internally on that. He played 39 games last year. I thought in the playoffs. I meant on the Olympics.


He just looked really slow compared to where he was. And I know he, I was gonna ask you totally in shape, but that's, I was gonna ask you about this. Yeah, you're a huge Olympics basketball guy. I am. I love it. You're a, you're, you're a huge, I love it. And I think you, I think you have been like 1000000% vindicated on your, like was it Booker who didn't what, what was the team USA the player who didn't play team USA once one year and you had a whole thing about like do these guys not realize the opportunity that they have team? I think it Was Booker. Yeah. Yeah. And you got and you got sort of TSTs around the internet for like, you know, and I think you've been vindicated because that experience clearly is helpful. It clarifies some things about where you stand in the league.


It exposed you to all these different great players. It exposed you to a different kind of pressure work habits on a different kind of stage. It it exposed you to like, I gotta figure out this different game where the three point line is closer, the spacing's all different, the officiating is different, all these variables that are different for me and I was what I've been dying to ask you and be mostly disappointment for team USA other than the one game he was brought there to play and the one game he was brought there to win, which was the semi-finals against Serbia. And I have said this already on my podcast. I think I, I wonder if we're gonna look back at that at the whole summer of the NBA, the whole off season of the NBA and say the single most important thing that happened was the way Joelle and Bead showed up in crunch time as T-B-O-S-A was about to get booted out of the Olympics.


And I don't mean that he scored some points and played good defense and like battle the OIC 1 0 1. I mean that after kind of like you and Celo talked about this too in the playoffs, kind of hot potato in the ball sometimes right against the Knicks in crunch time he was more secure and hungry and like, give me the goddamn ball. I'm good. I'm gonna make this happen. I'm confident I'm steely in the fourth quarter of that game with so much pressure on him. 'cause you know, if they lose that game and he has a shit game, it's not gonna be great for Joel Embiid. It's not gonna be great for Steve Kurt. It's not gonna be great for anybody. Yeah, I honestly, I was watching that game being like, this is, this looks like a different guy to me.


And if this, if this is a transformational moment for him, maybe that matters more than anything else other than the injury stuff. I was curious but what, what, where did you watch that game? What was your reaction to it? So I had the same reaction watching it live and he was really smart 'cause he knew Joch had the four fouls and he just started attacking him and he knew that was gonna work then I rewatched it And you know the irony of that of that game and that team in general was that some of the reasons that they were down big points were by some of the guys who ended up bringing them back. Like Embi that they just got killed on the offensive boards when Embi was out there. You know, LeBron and Curry couldn't guard anybody. It almost cost 'em the game rebounding.


Yeah, it's that LeBron Curry Embi defense. It was just a three point shooting contest for the other team basically. And then they figured it out down the stretch. But I'm with you that I thought it was, he just doesn't have a lot of moments that you can point to where it's like the fuck it's fucking nut crunch time. Can you make a couple shots for us? And the Nick series, I know he wasn't healthy and that's unfortunately probably gonna be his autobiography or his biography until he flips it, which he might this season. But the title of his autobiography would be, I know he wasn't healthy.do and that's just, yeah he's been one of the bad luck guys in the history of the league. But I do think part of it is on him because he is not in shape, get in shape.


Now he did have a, a couple of massive scoring games in that series on one leg including a 50 point game. He has a buzzer beater in the playoffs against the Raptors. Remember that Crazy three on his sideline out of bound play first round. Like nobody really cares. First round game three put you up 3.0 Whatever, don't defend his playoff resume. It's not, you're not, no, no I'm not not gonna a fight on this. I'm not, I'm not, I'm not, I'm not trying to do that. But that did feel like that Serbia game felt like a moment that in a sports movie would carry over into yeah the next season. Like like like in the movie he'd get the ball late in game seven of the second round against Boston and then there'd be like a flashback to the Olympics on the right block against Yoic and everything on the line.


And then we'd flashback to the movie and he'd use the same move and make the same facial expression. That's what would happen in a movie. I'm gonna go, my next one I'm concerned about, I'll save the Celtics. Well this gives us an excuse. Talk about the Grizzlies John Moran. So the odds are dropping. They are the stealth sleeper in the Western conference. John Moran has played 257 career games. He's 25 years old, he's made round two once he's played 70 games the last two seasons he's made one second team on NBA and we've gone so glass half full on this.


I include myself 'cause I think Memphis is gonna be really good. I love that. I can't wait 'cause you don't watch college. I can't wait until like November 10th when you're texting me about Zach. Edie, you're like, holy shit Zach, Edie, I love this guy. It was just a really good pick. He's gonna play for them. They're getting all these guys back and they were really dangerous two years ago and three years ago. And Ja had a couple playoff series. He had a playoff series where he averaged like, I think high thirties. He had two, I think two Postseasons where he was around 30. And I just think we're penciling that guy back in. But he's had a really tumultuous two years. I have no idea where his head's at and the history of the league says this could go any way.


He might, this might be who he is, he might just be, have a tumultuous career and we'll look back at him and we'll say, oh man, you know who was awesome? Ja Morant and his legacy would be Twitter videos where it's like Ja Morant was a problem and it's just him dunking on people. I thought You were gonna say his legacy was was gonna be another kind of another kind of Twitter video. Well, Well that too and just like a, what could have been guy or all the shit that happened to him in the last two years has put him in the frame of mind where he is like, you know what, this Anthony Edwards thing, he's kind of took the spot that should have been mine. I'm coming back hard, I have my shits together, I got new people around me and they're gonna be awesome. I'm worried about the tumultuous side in that.


We're just sad by December they're like, oh my god, can this guy stay outta his own fucking way? So I, that's why I have them second It all, it all makes sense. I mean, I guess, I guess Ja Morant's a availability is a cop out in the same way as Joelle MBIs health is right? Like it's an obvious thing to be worried about. Yeah, I guess. I guess I'm less worried about it because he came back last season and he was awesome and he made crunch time shots. Remember that game against the Pelicans? He had a massive shot, a game winning shot and he, and then he had, then he hurt his shoulder, which is just a thing that happens, but right not, he seemed to re, he seemed to reintegrate himself into the team pretty easily.


And you said stealth, like they're the stealth sleeper in the West. There shouldn't be anything stealth about them. We know that when they have Morant and Bain and Jackson and a decent supporting cast, they win a lot of games. The playoff record is just, okay. Remember that insane series against the Timberwolves in the first round the year they made the second round and then the Dylan Brooks LeBron stuff happened and they were summarily dismissed by the Lakers. But you know, But you know why I said stealth because until recently the Lakers had better odds to win the Western conference than Memphis did, which is just insane. That's like, do people watch basketball? I think the first time I checked their over under on ESPN bet, what it was 44 and a half. And I was just like, how, what, what's I, I get the west is super deep and so all these teams are gonna beat up on each other.


Win totals might be deflated as a result of that, at least outside Oklahoma City. I just think there's nothing stealth about them. My worry is, so I I, I did, I did go in and watch ed college stuff after they drafted him some Oh good. And, and I, I see exactly what they, what they want in him. Like the, the screens, the short rule, the monster offensive rebounding hands up and the hands up the size and the motor. The motor is what is what everybody loves about him and I, and it's, it's like the free throw shooting, the ability to get to the line and make free throws. They were super Hot so you don't, you know, the other piece of that that you'll love, he's in the end of the game.


We're up to we and we're gonna get foul. The other team's going for a steal, just lobb it up to him and he catches it and gets fouled. Big guys who can shoot, guys who shoot 80 plus at the line are just, are just such a valuable thing to have around I, it's just, it's a lot of pressure on a rookie to, to go in and potentially be, I think he's the frontrunner to be their starting center if, if not already written in, in, you know, pen in, in the starting five. That's just a lot of pressure, particularly defensively where they're gonna move him around so that, you know, maybe Jackson can roam around and protect him. Maybe they hide him here over here when Jackson can guard the point of attack, whatever it ends up being.


And Jackson in a big burly center has been a formula that's worked for them. It's just, it's just a lot of pressure on a rookie that's just, that's all. And maybe, and maybe given his deep college experience and all that, he's the perfect rookie to walk in and accept that kind of pressure and thrive on it and not care about it. Obviously his offensive role is gonna be a lesser one than it was in college. That's probably good. But that's, that's the only word I have is like, you don't, you don't see a lot of potential top three to four seeds, which is what I think Memphis is, and if you wanna call that a contender, fine. I think contender to like win the whole thing is, is a step too far for me at this point. You don't see a lot of teams like that being like, yeah, we're gonna start a rookie and play him 28 minutes a game or 25 minutes a game.


It's just not a thing that happens very often. Yeah, I guess the counter would be, he probably could have come out a year ago and got this extra year. So he's almost coming in. He is like a second year guy versus a first year guy. They're over under, went up to 47 and a half, by the way. So Pete, I'm still Taking it over. Yeah, I'm taking it all the way up to 50. Would you, would you have preferred for the fit on this team if we're just chasing wins this year and next year? Would you have liked Clingin or Edie as their, as their rookie center? Either. Either. Either one. I think, yeah, they just needed somebody with size. Is this a Brandon in Ingram team to you? That has been, that that was, that's been floated to me.


I don't, I don't think so. I don't sense that that's a thing that's, that's bad. Is there A Brandon Ingram team? I think it's gonna, it's gonna be, I I went through a lot of the teams that people around the league have suggested to me. Like, like the Clippers had been suggested to me. I didn't sense that there was anything, anything going on there. The heat, I, I've pitched the heat before. I think you have two. I think it's gonna be a, I mean this is one of my worries is the branding Ingram thing for the Pelicans. Like what the hell is going on there? What is this? Yeah, add New Orleans too. We can do that quick. So, so he's still on the team. I I'm not sure how likely that was when they made the Deonte Murray trade. 'cause now they have all these ball handlers and No, no, I mean TE is their most experienced NBA center and he's undersized as is and it's, they seem to be just like we're gonna start Zion at center even, you know, they, they might say, well Herb Jones is taller than Zion, so Herb Jones is the center, whatever.


It's just a strange team. And now they have this thing hovering over them. He skipped the informal mini camp thing and had the Instagram whatever, you know, passive aggressive Instagram video. Is he gonna mope? Is he, is this gonna be, That would be a good website. Passive, passive aggressive hoops hype. Just, just posts of passive aggressive things NBA players are doing. But it's a, it's an unforced error. This starts back at the end of the season when Griffin for whatever reason is just like, yeah, we gotta make changes, we're gonna do stuff. And then the, the ingroup stuff starts immediately and then they shop 'em around the league all summer and it's expiring contract. Nobody wants him.


He's somewhat of a victim and now they're In the best they're in, He's somewhat of a victim of the, the Cooper flag slash everybody wants to be in the top five of this draft. So none of the bad teams, which could in theory be like, yeah, we have assets. We'll buy on, what is he, 26, 25, whatever he is, we will buy on a young guy who's borderline all star, whatever you think of him, wing position. Everybody needs like, they're like none of those teams are super interested in, in helping their win totals this year and next year. Yeah, He might be a good stat, he might be a good stats bad team guy or good stats mediocre team guy. 'cause he needs the ball a lot. And you know, it, it's, it's interesting that Golden State Kerr had him on that, that one that's, That's I don't world championship team.


I think that's just a total no-go 'cause of that. Yeah, It's a no-go. 'cause they were like, oh, this isn't the type of player that succeeds in our system. He wants the ball. I I don't think he's gonna succeed on this New Orleans team with all the shooters. And now you had Murray, I mean my concerns were beyond Zion and Ingram trade machine and the fact that he's gonna be in every trade Murray's not exactly like Jason Kid in the mid two thousands. Like he's gonna get his McCollum's gonna get his, Zion's gonna get his Trey Murphy's gonna come off the bench. He's gonna want some Why a lot of can't shots on this team. Why can't we get Trey Murphy into the starting lineup? What? Like we can't, how About this? We just can't, We can't make CJ McCollum a six man.


It's like impossible to do. Why why Can't we get Trey Murphy an extension? That's the other crazy thing about them. Like they, they're just like, like if we were the GMs of the Pelicans, I'm pretty sure we would've locked down Trey Murphy right now heading into his four season. Right. It's like, let's not even fuck around or you don't lock him down because maybe he's the best trade chip you have Or you just don't lock him down because he might come off the bench and we might be able to to squeeze him a little bit in restricted free agency in the summer. 'cause no one's gonna have cap space and whatever. But yeah, but they, This is the problem with that. 'cause I get that. And that's totally logical. If you're running a team, but now you're Trey Murphy And I'm pissed.


You're playing, you're playing for an extension now my minutes are going down and I feel like the team is like deliberately trying to lower my value. It's just not, I don't, there's a lot of subplots on this team. I so he's unhappy. He's probably unhappy. I'm guessing. Ingram definitely unhappy. Deonte Murray comes in, this is my team Zion, Hey, this is my team. I'm Zion Williamson. There's just a lot going on and they have no center. Tyson is gonna be their starting center in Zion. Those are their centers. What are they gonna do when they play like Embi? I, I dunno, start, start.


They like the European Guy coach like you go, there's gonna be 10 centers that they're gonna have to have some sort of answer to. And I just feel like this team's been snakebit, you know, you think like Zion's, you talked about that Embiid moment in the Olympics. Zion's having this incredible game against the Lakers. Like he is taking it to LeBron athletically in a way that we just, he just made LeBron seem like he's 50 years old and then he gets hurt. The game's not even over. He can't make it to the end of the game. So I don't, I, to me New Orleans is out in the playoffs. I don't have them in the playoffs. I I, wow, I'm gonna keep working on this, but if I had to pick eight teams, I'm not sure they're one of the eight. There's, that's too much going on. I don't like it.


I think we need to change the way we pick like playoffs. I think we need to pick like a top six and then everyone after that is, So maybe that's the in The play in or not the Play. Yeah, the new school playoff. What do you think their odds are to make the playoffs right now? Because we can look this up. So they're minus one eight at least on FanDuel minus 180 8 to make the playoffs, which seems way too high to me because they got, I got KCI Minnesota, I Denver, I have Dallas. Put those in Memphis. Phoenix now I have, I'm in the Sacramento, new Orleans Lakers, gold State Houston group. Maybe the Clippers, Steve and I don't know, it makes me nervous. Let's, let's take a break and then we'll keep going.


Now it's time for a special part of today's episode sponsored by my friend NF NFL. Sunday Ticket on YouTube TV NFL Sunday Ticket. Awesome features to help you stay on top of all the action like multi-view. Another friend of mine where you can watch up to four games at once or layer on stats of fantasy abuse to track your favorite teams and players. And by the way, when you bundle NF NFL, Sunday Ticket on YouTube TV, you get access to every game every Sunday. That's the most live NFL games all in one place. Local and national games on YouTube, TV NFL Sunday ticket for outta market games excludes digital only games device and content restrictions apply. And good news for me because YouTube has crowned me their CMO, their chief multi-view officer to help pick the top four games of the week that you should watch with multi-view. And of course they loaded the early games yet again, there's three easy ones. Charger Steelers. Two, two and oh teams. Two similar teams. I like that matchup. Two good coaches, two teams that I was bullish on before the year. So we got that. Texans Vikings, another two and oh battle and two teams that have been chucking the ball around Sam Donald resurgence here. I wanna see it. And then Eagle Saints would be the other one. The Eagles coming off on Monday, night loss the Saints two and oh leading in every offensive category. So those would be my top three. And then I think for the fourth one, maybe we go Bears Colts, Anthony Richardson. Never know that guy, Caleb Williams. Can he finally put it together against a defense? That hasn't been that good. And I think that would be my fourth one. So thanks again to our friends at YouTube tv. Don't miss a moment of the action. Watch every game every Sunday when you bundle NFL Send a ticket with YouTube tv. Sign up today at youtube.com/bs. The other thing is you can add the games to your library and then just go back and watch them. It's like just having an instant recording of whatever. I tortured myself and watched the the Patriots who should have beaten Seattle. I watched that one because my YouTube TV taped it. Local and national games on YouTube TV NFL Center Tick outta market games, excludes digital on the games device and content restrictions apply.


This episode is brought to you by TikTok. It has never been harder to parent your kids. You have less idea than ever what they're doing on their phones, on their computers, wherever it is. As teens start exploring online, it's natural that parents wanna make sure what they're seeing on TikTok is safe So, it's great that tiktoks family pairing feature let's parents link their TikTok account to their teens, helping ensure the content they're seeing is safe. This is a great ad. As a parent you can restrict access to search, you can enable restricted mode to limit content that may not be age appropriate. And you can choose words or hashtags to filter from your teens feeds. Learn more at tiktok.com/guardians guide.


All right, we gotta do the Celtics. I I can't wait to hear what you could possibly be worried about, about the Boston Celtics. Bizarre Tatum Summer. True poor Zingus Health. It's, he's back in December. Is he, are we, are we sure he is December, because there's two Celtics teams. There's the one that has pingus on it and then there's the one that doesn't during the regular season. So when they say December, I'm just gonna assume February, you know, they just want a title. Everyone sacrifices. When you win a title, title, everyone's just looking out for the greater good of the team, then you win the title.


This is a premise of my entire book, the Disease of Disease of more off of Pat Riley. It's just the sacrificing isn't as sacrifice once you actually win the title. So I'm worried about that. The east is way, way, way, way better, right? You have at the top Nick's way better. Philly is gonna be better. Miami is still kind of lurking. Milwaukee is still kind of lurking. Cleveland Orlando are sitting there like it's, it's just not gonna be the same. And then the Celtic sale is, is a pretty interesting added piece to this because that thing's gonna move fast. I don't think people realize how fast that's gonna go like that.


It's gonna be November. That team's gonna be sold. Wow. What is That's what I, that's what I think. I think it'll be mid-November. The process is in the middle of it right now. They're finishing their books, they get the books out to the perspective buyers kind of have a sense of who the buyers are, what it is. And it's, is this gonna be the PAG Luca group that wins it? Is it gonna be an outside group if it's an outside group? Those people are all bringing in their own people. So now you have this organization that felt like it was probably in the safest spot of any of the 30 teams, right? They have the most continuity. They have people that have been there 15, 20 years. They're at the finals thinking like, this is great man, we have this nucleus.


We're all here. We have so much continuity. And then all of a sudden there's gonna be this sale and the league wants 6 billion for it, which I talked about on a pod, I don't know, last month. And they wanted to tie the expan expansion stuff. So the league's gonna be really pushing, they're gonna be pushing buyers. They're gonna be turning over every stone. And it's just a lot of uncertainty for a team that should feel like they're in an awesome place. They just won the title. This is great. And instead they might have a new owner in like December. I think they're gonna, and W's done this thing about how it's gonna be this staggered thing and I'm still gonna be in charge. Like, I don't know man.


I'm not signing up for that one. I, I don't like for that being true because we just watched that happen with Cuban. I'm gonna run the basketball operations. We saw it in the finals. The, the new people were running the Mavericks at the finals. The new people do not want the old people around. And that's gonna happen, I think to with the Celtics. So whoever buys this team, if it's not the Pag Luca group, that that's just a giant, giant monkey wrench to bring into a title defense season. We have sold the team. Here are the new people. They're bringing their people and it makes me nervous. But the Tatum piece makes me the, the most nervous because I don't know what happened to his outside shot. And I dunno if you have any insight on that.


I don't, other than I'm not gonna worry about it until it becomes a thing in the NBA for like a month. So let's talk about the sale six is the number I mentioned it over the spring, summer, whenever this broke. Like that would be the, the high watermark. I think that's high. I think that's gonna turn, but maybe Maybe like a, a bidding war emerges of such frothiness that we get there. But I've, I've, from what I've heard, that's gonna end up being a little high. I agree. But maybe, But but maybe. And then you mentioned Paal Luca, he, from what I, what I've heard he is, he's deep in this obviously d like are you rooting for him to get it just for the sake of stability? Is that the best possible outcome for the the 2025 Celtics?


I think if you're a fan of the, and I'm gonna sound like I'm in the bag for this. I have no horse in the race. I'm just a fan of continuity and the fact that he's been there this whole time, I think it's super icy with w and Pag Luca right now too. Which I don't know whether that affects whether he gets it or not. But his son, everybody likes that he went to Duke and it's a Situation he was there when he was there when Tatum was there, was he not? Yeah, It's a situation. Sometimes this can go horribly when it's like, yeah, I'm gonna take over and groom my son. And it's, and it's like, oh my God, the son actually seems like he, he's pretty good and the buzz on him is excellent. So, you know, and, and a lot of the minority owners that are tied to the Pag Luca team or the, the people that a lot of them are already there.


So from a continuity standpoint, that feels the best. I'm with you. I think the six seems high because you don't have the arena, but if The arena situation is a disaster for the Celtics, it's, It's a disaster. And it's not a disaster because that their lease goes to like 2034 and that's plenty of time to build your own thing. I, I thought some of the stuff Cuban has said recently I thought was really instructive and interesting about how when he took over the NBA was moving to a technology phase in the early two thousands and that was a huge advantage for him. And then he is like, now we're in a real estate phase and I'm not as equipped to succeed in that phase as I was in the last one.


Now that might have been part bullshit because we still, nobody really fully understands why he sold the Mavericks. I still don't have an answer for that, but I do think he's right. Like I think what happened with the Warriors where they bought the team at a crazy cheap price, 10 tuple it, 20 tuple it, whatever it was, but then realized we need our own arena. We need everything to fund through us. We need a place that we're the centerpiece of. We can have concerts, we can have all these events and the real estate of it, all the tax breaks from it is great. Whoever buys the Celtics is gonna have to think that way. And there's a bunch of good locations that they came up with during the Olympics when they had the Olympics bid for five seconds.


There's spots to do it, you're just gonna have to pay money and, and grease some people. One of the, one of the groups that I think is possibly involved is the group that brought the Olympics that the bid that fell through, they're, you know, construction building people. But I don't know how it's gonna play out. There's always a casino option. The casino's super successful there and I don't know if the win group has the pockets. I don't think they do, but it could be stem with somebody else and they wanna build an arena next to the casino. But the point is, anything you read or hear about this other than some people circling it, which like I talked about the Bezos thing, there's people circling, but nobody's gonna know until they send the books out and they get the process going.


And there could be a wild card or two. I would my bet if I, if I gave you over under five and a half, would you go over or under I'd go slightly under, yeah. I'm thinking 5 5 5 2 to five four range. Yeah. But you know how this goes with rich guys if two people want it and it, and it starts upping and up and I know Patco, Same thing with, same thing with contract extensions on guys like Trey Murphy. The line gets held and then the deadline approaches. All right, what's an extra 4 million to get this done and keep Trey Murphy. Okay fine. Just boom, done. And then the other piece is, you know, the, the stuff with, with w and his dad, I I, that story is gonna come out at some point.


I don't, I don't think the right version of this story has come out yet, but I think that's been the biggest head scratcher of this whole thing because you know, the, the irv, the legend like rich guy legend all time, like great businessman just revered and made one of the great investments of all time. And that's somehow sometimes how these guys think, you know, where that's like I 22 pulled my investment, I'm disciplined with this, it's time to get out. They have Epstein who I think owns 15% of the team. I assume he is gonna sell because he did his job. He 22 pulled the investment and he's gonna get the fuck out. So it's a lot. My point is it's a lot of flux with this Celtics team that this should be a happy thing.


They're defending the title, which should have a, and instead they's five variables already. So that's what Im worried about. Okay, So the basketball stuff, I, I'm just gonna assume that Tatum will be Tatum and this will all just be a random slump blip on the radar, whatever the disease of me, the disease of more, I can't remember which one it is because I think it's disease of me. It's been both, it's, I call it disease of more. But then some other people say me, I just don't, I, you know, I hadn't even thought about that with them because who wants more like Tatum and Brown already get a ton white in holiday are unselfish and have been paid and, and just play the way they do.


Poor Zynga is just out there to shoot threes. They play this and post up switches like we saw in the, in the finals when he went bananas over over all the Mavericks defenders in game one. Like and they play this five out fast moving system that just seems to lend itself well to ball movement. And Tatum and Brown still get their 25 plus a game. I don't, I just didn't think about that for them. I didn't think about that for them. PGA is hurt, but they still have Horford, Cornett Kada who's pretty good, still have Horford. He's gonna be, is he 40 yet? He's like 39. Like how many Ageless Ageless. What? What's a realistic minute limit for him? Yeah, look they have white and Hol who, if they aren't the two most unselfish guys in the league, they're in, they're in the first team all NBA for whatever list that is.


And you have Horford, same thing. There's a lot of there. The Joe Missoula I think had an awesome second year and I, I think even when Tatum was struggling during Olympics, Missoula flew out to France to, to kind of make sure everything was okay. Like that guy's locked in noses roster. I think the jump he made from year one to year two has been astounding. People love that dude. You know, my my from going from the days that my dad and I called him second row Joe, like he's been amazing. There was a list of some, some website had a list of the 30 best coaches and he was like 11th. That's like, how's this dude 11th? They, they just won 80 games in a season. I'm worried about the t He Was, I had him third, I had him third coach of the year.


Anyway, I'm worried about the Tatum thing. I wanna see him, you know, I talked about this on the pod last month, but, but going back and watching his shot as a rookie versus where it is now with this hitch that he has. And I I, Eddie Johnson had a theory that maybe he put on too much weight, which has happened with NBA too much muscle. And sometimes guys get muscle and it, and it kind of changes how they shoot. But I just, it got to the point in the Olympics, I mean he was, oh for 16 from outside. That's, he couldn't make a shot. Crazy stat. He could not, they couldn't play him. That was the reason he wasn't playing. So anyway, what do you have for the next one? We could go in a number of different directions for this one depending on kind of what team you wanna hit.


I just kinda wanna talk about this team. So I'll pretend they were higher on my list. I, I got a lot of, I got a lot of small worries about Minnesota that adds up to me ahead of just being like all of the signs should point to Minnesota being a very sensible finals pick. Conference finals broke through, beat Denver on the road in game seven. Great series from towns, at least shooting wise in that series, made big shots. Shot 40% from three 50% on from the field against the juggernaut, the defending champion, the team we all picked to win the West last year. Yeah, they lose the conference finals. There's the Lucas shot and Rudy's face. Just bad series Townes is bad again and the whatever.


It's what like everything's ascending upwards. They have the ascendant young superstar in the NBA in Anthony Edwards. A guy who wants all the smoke in crunch time. Exactly the kind of player you want handling the ball late every, everything's pointing up. And yet I just, I just get a little, I just have a little anxiety. I have anxiety about everyone in their rotation after their top seven guys. So they have a good great starting lineup. Then they have Nas Reed six Man of the year and Nikia Alexander Walker. And after that it's the kids and Joe Engles. That makes me a little nervous. Like I'm counting on the kids. And Joe, Joe Engles Joe has been done for three years.


Yeah, Conley's, Well con he's got, and you can talk me into like, you can talk me into Joe Engles shot 43% last year. He's got great pick and roll chemistry with Rudy. That's cool. Mike Conley is 37 on opening night will be 37 by opening night. They can kind of get lost offensively when he's not on the floor and he's 37 and And they're relying on a lottery pick for the other minutes. Talk about weird summers, talk about weird summers. Rudy Gold Colbert got benched by France and, and made fun of by pretty much everyone who has a platform in the NBA. I mean it's a little ridiculous, but, and and was was the Rudy Kat fit?


Was that real last year the offense still wasn't great by the way. He's eligible for an extension right now. Is that gonna be a thing? I just like, I still think the team could make the finals. They should get far in the playoffs. I'm just, I guess what I'm saying is I'm more worried is too strong a word. I'm more cautious about Minnesota than everything about their timeline suggests that I should be. You made a great case. I wrote down the year after where they had this great breakthrough moment and sometimes we see in the league that you almost have to take a step back before you then make the next step forward. Ant mania in 2024. I'm concerned about like he's gonna be the star of this Netflix show.


Yeah, I'm sure he is gonna be in a bunch of commercials. He's gonna be all over the place. He's a real attraction. I think he can handle it. But I wanna see it is go bear playable at this point against certain teams. Did the league kind of unlock how to attack him? And then towns, you know, towns is almost 30 at this point. It kind of is who he is. They're relying on that lottery pick, doing him to actually play big Minutes. I really like him and our college guys were big fans of his, but he's still a rookie trying to create offense. He's a rookie, he's a rookie and they're hard conference and they're gonna have a bullseye on them and they're not gonna be take him to anyone by surprise. So that would be the case. So I have a bunch of things that like I'm more worried about than I'm like I'm more worried about the heat than I am about the Timberwolves.


Yeah, I'm more worried about Zach Levine's future, whatever it is, than I am about the timber bowls. So I just wanted to talk about the timber. I'm more worried about the Suns than the Timberwolves, but I wanted to talk about Minnesota so I elevated them. I think as basketball fans it would just be, it would hurt the most that the Timberwolves weren't as fun as they probably should be this year. Like the heat they had their run and it might be, I had them down, you know, for all the reasons you would think. But I think with Minnesota, I think we're kind of counting on them. I think the league's counting on them. I think the league is really counting on Ant and you could feel it during the Olympics. He's got the respect of the older guys, which is really important. And I think for people like my son, he turned into a guy like casual NBA fans under 20 are like, I like this guy.


This is my guy. I'm a, I'm adopting him as like for, you know, my not not on my favorite team guy. I'm gonna go with Letha. Let's take one more break and then I have a double pick.


This episode is brought to you by LinkedIn. As a small business owner, every new hire added to your team needs to make an immediate impact. Think of CJ Stroud in his rookie year, how he transformed the Texans with limited hiring resources. You don't have the luxury of getting it wrong. you need to feel confident that your candidate is going to perform when the game is done. The line with LinkedIn jobs, you can, as the world's largest professional network, LinkedIn gives you access to more than a billion professionals with the unique skills and experience you need, chances are your next standout star is one of them. A qualified candidate ready to put in the work that makes an immediate impact on your business. On LinkedIn, 86% of small businesses get a qualified candidate within 24 hours. So hire professionals like a professional on LinkedIn, hire the right person for your role and post your job for free. Go to LinkedIn dot com slash simmons, that's LinkedIn dot com slash simmons to post your job for free terms and conditions apply.


This episode is brought to you by the 2025 Lincoln Aviator. SUV. Hmm, the 2025 Lincoln Aviator nails that feeling In next level confidence. The updated grill and sleek lights, total head turners under the hood of refined twin Turbo V six powers you through with authority inside Pure comfort plus three row seating, custom climate control available massage seats keep you ready to tackle whatever's next. Explore more@lincoln.com. Some models, trims and features may not be available or may be subject to change. Check with your local retailer For current information. Lincoln and Aviator are trademarks of Ford or its affiliates.


This episode is brought to you by Coke Zero Sugar, a very popular product in the Simmons house. Being a fan takes a lot. Loving your team through the lows and the highs can be thirsty Work. That's where Coke Zero sugar comes in. And we've actually got some Coke Zero sugar right here in my little studio. Let's give it a try. Nice. Beautiful. Like kind of a darkish red can. I'm just gonna give it a whirl. Yeah, my finger. Oh there we go. Oh yeah, okay, let's try it. Wow, that's really good. Coke, zero sugar. Delicious. Incredible taste. And again, zero sugar. Best coke ever. Lemme take another sip. That might be the best Coke ever. God that's delicious. That Coke ever. I think so click or tap the banner to find out.


I'm going with both LA teams. Zach just, just lumping them. Lumping 'em together. There's a world where they're, neither of them are playoff teams. I think if you were gonna isolate it, if you made me pick between, who are you more worried about? Just the Clippers launching this new arena that by all counts is incredible. And they're launching around a guy who doesn't play and a guy who doesn't play defense and it's like, come see us. Or JJ Reddick who I I think is in the least enviable coaching situation of anybody in a long time. Maybe I guess Missoula after mime got fired. That was tough. Like holy shit. You're talk about being thrown the fire.


Wait, wait A second. Just ask your old podcast Buddy. Doc Rivers, there's nothing worse than taking over a team. I wouldn't wish that upon. It's in flux. Anybody in flu. I know it's, I can't following Adrian Griffin in the middle of a season for a team with Yiannis and Dame. I just can't imagine a worse fate. Yeah, well JJ might have a worse fate. This, this team's gonna be, 'cause what happened is you have LeBron and AD who had 10 weeks off for the Olympics. Basically had to play at six games. Played really well and I was guilty of it. I I said it after the gold medal game. It's like, shit, when you watch these guys play at this level, it makes you think like why can't the Lakers put a championship team around him? And then afterwards I was like, why did I say that?


Because part of this league is you gotta play for nine months. It can't be like, Hey we gotta ramp up for six games. You gotta ramp up for 95 and this game is Gonna have this Also their fifth starter, their fifth starter is not Devin Booker. Right. Right. And they don't have like all NBA guys Coming up the bench. The Bronny thing's gonna be super weird. It just is. It's gonna be a story day after day after day on top of the fact that if this team doesn't do that well wait, Wait, wait. What? But what, what like, do you think that continues to be true? Yes. If and when he's just in the G League and he's over here and like, we're not talking about the South Bay Lakers on NBA today.


Or maybe we will be, I don't know. Like do you think it remains a thing? Do We think he's gonna be in the G League? I, I would think so. I would think for, I think JJ is, He gave him a guaranteed contract. That's fine. I I I'll be very surprised if he doesn't spend part of the season of the G League. Listen, you get clicks and you get paid views. if you put any story with Bronny in it for basically from the preseason on, that's just how it's gonna go. You saw a glimpse of it in Summer League and then that's how it's gonna keep going. And if he's not playing for the first 10 days, then that becomes a story. Is Bronny is JJ bearing Bronny? He's 100% playing in the opening game so that they can have a moment together.


Like they're right. That ha that's gonna happen. Like so they pass to each other. Whatever it ends up being. I it's, it's one of the coolest NBA situations we've had. And it's also gonna be one of the weirdest because like imagine being on the team. Like we saw a glimpse that there was was already grumblings about the summer league team, about how everything was built around trying to get Bronny to succeed. And some of the other guys were like, what the fuck? I just think it's gonna be a story. I'm gonna try to avoid the story as much as possible. 'cause I don't really care. I, the more interesting thing to me is, what does LeBron have? Is, is he a even a playoff guy anymore? Can you play enough games? Can he play more than 55, 60 games in a season with all the miles he has?


Will ad ever be that healthy again? Is there gonna be a difference between Darvin Ham and JJ as a coach? Was Darvin a scapegoat for last year? The Lake fans were out on him. pka was out on him. But really, what, what were you gonna do with that roster anyway? It was pretty, pretty strange. So there's that. And then the Clipper side is just, you know, I it's ka it's a team built around Kawhi Leonard and James Harden who are in their mid thirties though. Who do you think will have a better record of the two if you had to pick Pick? That's a great question. I probably would pick the Clippers because of their role guys.


That now, now I don't know. I don't know. Who would you I pick it, I would pick the Lakers. I'm gonna, I would pick the Lakers. 'cause if LeBron plays 60 games, it's probably the Lakers, right? They'll go like 43 and 39. Well, does either of those teams have a chance to win 46 games? Yeah, I think the Lakers do. I I really, I don't. Yeah, I think they do. I think those two guys, if they have health like they did last year, which is a big if I think those guys are, are, are that good? Well how about the, how about the flip side of the question? Which team has a lower basement? You're in trouble. It's the Clippers. Oh. Like I, the glass half, the glass half empty version of the clipper season is like the glass is actually empty.


Yeah. You, the the glass has smashed. My daughter threw the glass off the table and it's smashed on the floor. The glass Is smashed. People are stepping on it. There's blood and Sam Presti just in the corner with a broom going. I'll clean that up for you. Hey there, I just, I I am pessimistic about the Clippers. I've been pessimistic about the Clippers since the off season unfolded the way it did. I still don't really understand what they did with Paul George. I saw Ty, I, God bless T Luke. He's a great coach and he is, he had, you know, he in in a story that we had om young Musu had it about like, I can't wait to prove everybody wrong. I'm like, cool. I I I don't see it. So I will be one of the people that you prove wrong if you indeed win more than 40 games or whatever.


If you're a 500 or if you're better than 500. I, I just don't, I don't see it. Ka will get hurt. Ka ka Will home from the Olympics was rough. Kawai will miss games and Harden with a bunch of like okay players around 'em. I, I just, I just don't see it. The Lakers, I think what's not being talked about, about, about the Lakers and all the focus on Bron and ad and Bro's age and can they stay healthy to the degree they were last year. And then the Brony thing and the JJ thing, the Lakers depth terrifies me, but I like, I like their starting five. I'm, I'm not a DLO guy, but I still like their starting five. I think it works. dlo Reeves, Rui, LeBron ad assuming that JJ starts that lineup, which he should who's, who do you trust after that?


Like after that it's Gabe Vincent who missed basically all of last season. Yeah. And then a bunch of guys who are either totally unproven Yeah. Or proven to be guys that probably should be at the very back of your rotation if they're help like even Jared Vanderbilt, who Lake our fans love. Okay. Like can we fast forward to the point where he gets played off the floor in a playoff series like after that, after him. It's like Jackson Hayes, Dalton Connect Hood Shino, max Christie who I'm optimistic about has proven nothing in the NBA's not gonna play either. So everyone focuses on LeBron and ad I think he is gonna play, but he's gotta earn minutes. He got a be you got a decent contract. Like everyone focuses on LeBron and ad. I'm like man if Austin Reeves misses 20 games, I like who's taking those minutes?


That's what, that's what scares me more about the Lakers almost than the fact that LeBron is about to turn 40 years old. Well, and you didn't even mention the other hallmark of these LeBron teams is if it starts out slow, everyone's in trade rumors by Thanksgiving and then it's just, we're just in trade rumor season with the Lakers from I would say Thanksgiving all the way through till we actually had the trade deadline. And every guy in that team is, except for a B ad is not safe. And they have the two picks to trade. They have Connect who would've trade value though they love him and JJJ J's already drawn up plays on the whiteboard during the draft for Dalton Connect, which is cool. you can really shoot, I I don't know who the guy is that they're, that they're, you know, putting all those chip putting some of those chips in for, I've, I've kind of joked before or said before like I think Jeremy Grant makes some sense for them just because I don't think like that, That's not gonna win them the title.


Well, but I don't think when Portland gets religion, I don't think the cost of Jeremy Grant is gonna be that high. I don't think they're getting this like mother load for Jeremy Grant that they think they should get. And so when the cost gets to a point where the Lakers can meet it, but then you're gonna have to trade like a real salary or two to get there. And I don't know who that is like that the LA that the Lakers could, it's not like you could just trade Rui Hacha. It's like, oh this guy's a meetingless $18 million. No, he's like a starter on your team that you need. So I don't know what the move is. Like you can sit here and talk about at any of the potentially distressed star players that want out or borderline star players. I don't know that any of them are available or even help to Lakers that much like Zach Levine changing your life as a Lakers, as a, if they could even mechanically do that trade.


Like it's not like really, I mean really the move would be to go the other way because I don't think they have any chance of winning a title with this team. And you go the other way and you shot Davis, but they're just not gonna do that. See I have, I I don't think they could win the title. I don't think they're a con a contender really. But I will Say like I have no chance to win the title. I have so much respect for LeBron and AD that you put them up against pretty much any team in the west in a, in one playoff series. Like yeah, they could steal this series. Like they could steal, they could do a Do a round. Yeah. Yeah they could man even like last year, now this is a totally different thunder team that I think is gonna be a juggernaut. But remember last year all the, the buzz was like, oh the Thunder Dave, the Lakers would out would really be a dangerous opponent.


Watch out for the Thunder. I would've picked the thunder in that series. But that's near here nor there like you just like they'll just steal some games and then they'll steal a series. But I keep saying this on tv, it's a boring ta, it's a boring take Winning three playoff series or two playoff series, whatever it is, is just such a much different animal than scrounging your way to four wins one time. Like it's just so hard to do. It's the same issue The warrior have takes so much. Yeah it takes so much endurance. It takes so much stamina. It takes so much depth. Like I just don't see any world in which they can do that as ply constructed. I guess the big disappointment for me the last few years is I don't, I just don't feel like ESPN was covering the Lakers. Do you think like maybe they'll do more content in the Lakers this year?


Is it just gonna be like it was last year? I'm gonna predict we do a little bit less content on the Lakers, but, but maybe not. I don't know. What do you have for your next pick? I can go, I can go anywhere with this one. Should we talk about Julius Randall? Maybe. How about that? They, they were gonna be my last pick, so let's do it. Like what, what's gonna happen with that? I've always, none of the Big fans don't wanna hear it. They don't wanna hear it. Well 'cause I don't think it's something that's going to like derail this team that's destined for greatness or something. But it's a big piece of their team who, one way or another they need talent and he's talent and he can score and he can get buckets.


He improved in a million different ways last season before he got hurt. I, I love the way he was playing off of Brunson. Yeah, a little more active defensively. A little more active as a passer and off the ball. But he's a $29 million salary slot that they either need his his talent or down the line not thinking beyond this year that needs to turn into something. And I don't know what the answer to it is. And you know, I just, anytime you go into a season where a guy's eligible for an extension, he doesn't get it. He is gonna be a free agent. Likely as a result is, and he's been a two time all NBA player on your team, a really, really good player. That is just a thing that you have to monitor. There's that, he's gonna be in trade rumors if they start out 10 and eight or whatever.


There's also the, I'm not sure who they're finishing five is and whoever gets left out is probably gonna be like, what the fuck Could change night to night? Right? Brunson Bridges and Enobi are all out there. Randall Hart, Vincenzo, Mitchell Robinson, two of those four depending on the matchup Vincenzo who is awesome last year who now might be a 20 minutes a game guy. It's like, what the fuck man? I was out there killing it for you guys. Now I'm basically coming off the bench Eddie House style.


I'm just monitoring it. It's something I've been teasing my Knicks fan friends around a lot. I also think they're, you know, not rocket science. They're really gonna miss Hartenstein. He was super important for them last year and provided something that they no longer have in any capacity. I don't trust Mitchell Robinson to stay healthy at all. I I think he might be a worse health bet than a bead. They will, they will address this center thing one way or another. It may, it this may, it may be via trade. It may end up having to involve Randall. But I don't ex I don't know, I don't, I don't even know what to expect with Randall By way. Not as many centers I keep, 'cause you hear this New Orleans too, it's like, oh they'll, well they'll get a center. It's like who go through the 30 rosters?


What center are they getting? You want Deandre Eaton Ton. I I like Robinson and Chua as a platoon. I don't, I think that's fine if they, this is where the Bridges trade. I think an under-discussed element of it is he's a big talent injection in terms of just all around talent, including offensive creativity. Like what he did in Brooklyn, at least the first half year he was there. He fell off a little last year that was like legit secondary creator onto good team stuff. If that carries over, they have a little more leeway in terms of what they can get. Like you mentioned Hartenstein and what they can't replace from him defensively, he was amazing, but his passing his floater game, he was a release valve for them offensively.


Yeah. That they in theory should need less with IL bridges there as a secondary third creator, whatever. And, and, and Tibs, I, there was a q and a with Tibs today on nba.com where he cracked the door open to playing Randall at the five more. I think they're gonna have to And, and, and the reason, and this is, this is something Nick fans have talked about is an nobi is so good at guarding above his size that he can actually be the five on defense. So Randall doesn't have to guard the big centers of the world. And maybe that's the way this door finally gets unlocked and that changes the minutes patterns for everybody that way in a way that might make sense. I think the Knicks are gonna be awesome.


Like IIII really love this team. I cannot wait to watch them. I'm with you. I'm nitpicking on possible ways it could go wrong. But one thing I like is that they're, we always talk about how teams feel like they have to do this, need to finish their team in July. And this is a team that they're gonna start the season. They're gonna be totally fine. Their defense is gonna be really good. They have one of the 10 best offensive supporters in the league, maybe even higher than that in Brunson. And you can kind of move along and see what's missing. And then by the time you get to January, maybe Maybe, you'll know I I'm really excited to watch Bridges and in Nobi together and I think they're gonna be, I I think the Celtics Knicks games this year are gonna be fucking awesome.


This is like, if you're building a team, it's exactly the two guys you would want to throw at Tatum and Brown, you know, Minnesota, I Thought they were the second, I thought they were the second best team in the east last year. I set it basically the whole season. Especially after Naro. I think they were the biggest threat to Boston last season. Boston is never gonna have a play. Like the fact that Boston got through the east without playing any of New York, Philadelphia and Milwaukee. And I know all those teams were injured. That's just an incredible run of matchup, whatever. Not luck. It's not luck. It's just like the chances of that happening. We talk about these four teams all season long and one team wins the east and doesn't have to play any of the others is just crazy, Crazy.


I actually looked up, I was trying to see what the biggest wind drops were for any finals team who won more than 64 games, which 64 or higher. It was the 2008 Mavs dropped 16 games from oh seven when they were like 67 and 15 whatever. And then the Warriors beat them. The, we, the, we believe Warriors just broke them 74 Celtics. Oh that team didn't make the finals. The 2001 Lakers was 1192. Bulls was 10 14, heat was 12. And the 84 Sixers dropped by 13. So the Celtics won 64. I think even if you're going super pessimistic and Ingas doesn't come back till February, them dropping in the mid fifties is just historically, unless there was a major injury about as low as it could possibly drop.


So I, my point is like for the one seed, I wonder what the Knicks have to get to, to actually challenge the Celtics because I, I'm just super dubious to the poor Zynga thing when they throwout December. I don't you, when you hear this stuff now, don't you just add like four to six weeks when you hear a date like that? So yeah, in December especially, Especially when you have the luxury of the talent that the Celtics are gonna have, like there's no need to rush back. And what was, by the way, what was the most stressful segment of a playoff game for you as a Celtics fan last year? Was there ever a moment you were like legitimately tense When they blew Game four the way they did?


Even though I thought they were better than Dallas, but the poor Zingus injury, having no idea what to expect from him there, there was part of me wondering what happens if Luca just scores like 29 in the first half here in game five and it becomes one of those like 2012 Celtics Miami game six LeBron situations where the best part in the court just is awesome in the first half an hour. We're down 18 heading into halftime with the thought of going back to Dallas. I, I remember walking around that day, I did like a three and a half hour power walk all around Boston.


I was, I just the nervous energy of like, I just don't wanna fucking go back to Dallas. And I think everybody felt that way and you could feel it in the building. And then when they came out and Pingus looked pretty good, I mean what Pingus did in that game, it's gonna slip through the cracks of history. But that was incredible. The guy, the guy just had a surgery that's gonna take him out six to eight months and he played on it and was pretty effective, especially in the second half. So I think that was the darkest for me, His game won was at all time just, just bonkers crowd moment to like coming out into the arena. Late crowd goes crazy. And then he just, it was the best stretch of his entire career. He was blocking shots. Yeah, hitting trail breeze dunking on people blocking dunks.


I can't, there's one team that I cannot believe we haven't talked about. What is it, The sons? I have them down is just too, Is it too, is it too obvious? I actually, I isolated the sons into just Kevin Durant, I feel. What else are you gonna worry about? Well, we're at this, I feel like this is it for him as an elite guy and a good team just with the age he's at with some of the injury, his history he is had, and you can make excuses for the last couple years in all these different ways. But it was a bed that he bought and chose to lie in and you know, was responsible for just about all the decisions for it.


But now that the fact that they got Tys Jones on top of having to play all together for a year, the fact that Booker and KD had that Olympic experience together, the fact that the west, none, none of us know what to make of the West. IKC is clearly the regular season favorite, but I have no idea who's in play for number two. And then just like where his career is, I feel like he needs one more awesome season because it shouldn't take the Olympics for him playing well to people. Like, oh, I forgot Kevin Durant was this good. It kind of felt like he had fallen into that hole, right? He'd become a, I forgot he was this good guy.


And just as a lifelong Durant fan, I would love to see him have an awesome year. And I'd love to see the suns be good, but I don't know if it's realistic. So you, you said something interesting in there, which is you have no idea who to pick for the number two seed in the west, which goes back to how we opened this episode where I was like, the most interesting thing to me is everything below Oklahoma City and the regular season standings in the West. 'cause I have like, you can put all, you can say all these themes are the clear top four. Yeah. I just don't think it's gonna unfold that way. And there's gonna be an interloper from below somewhere. We've talked about Memphis. I think the Suns are maybe being underrated a little bit as one of those potential interlopers because of the bad taste.


The playoff just obliteration by Minnesota. I mean they were awful. There's no way around it. Minnesota destroyed them, bullied them, made them look helpless. They won 49 games last year, right? Despite the big three. Barely even. Not even getting, I don't think to half a season in games Spade together. Three, well every team's gotta have a, like they're three best guys. Whatever, Durant Booker and Deal. I'm, I'm out, I'm, I never wanna hear the word Big three again. Now putting Bradley Beal in a big three is just defensive to, So the history Of big three is The big two. And Bradley Beal playing only thank you three games way better. Only like half a season together. They won 49 games. That's a lot of games. They upgraded a point guard.


That's a meaningful thing. They brought back Royce O'Neill, Mason Plum Lee's legit backup Center. Like they nailed the off season, given what they had to work with, I think they're gonna be a pretty goddamn good regular season team. My concern is just how small they are, and I just don't know how you create a good enough defense out of this roster. We didn't even mention Bud. That's a, that's a huge hire for them. Bud is a really good regular season coach. He's a good coach, period. And he's been a even better defensive coach than offensive coach. Motivated Bud. He's, He's motivated. He's ready. I think they're, they're, they're, they're a dangerous, like, oh, we, we could, like the Suns are the three seed. That's interesting. The Sun do The Suns are like two games out of the two seed with two weeks left to play.


I think that's totally in play. Yeah. The Suns are playoffs 20 and three. I can't believe they started out this hot. Could see it. Yeah. 20 and 20 and three. I dunno. But well, just like, if we had like a weirdo first 20 game team, they're definitely one of the candidates, But I just don't know how sustainable it is over, like you said, the, the number of games it takes to makes a, a legit deep playoff run. And I don't know defensively just how, how they raise their ceiling to a level they're gonna need it to be. Well, and then the, how much they're leaning on Durant to be a two-way guy at this. I mean, Durant, that oh seven draft. Were you, were you even writing basketball in oh seven? No, No.


Like think how long ago that was. I, my son wasn't even born during the 2007 draft and he just drove outta my driveway this morning. That's how old Kevin Durra is and has some injury stuff on him too. I felt bad for him with the, the foot on the line. What, what was the foot on the line thing where everybody, there's A foot. There was something happening in football that reminded People of that the first football game of the year and Isaiah Likely's Foot was on the line. It was like, oh, here we go with 24 hours of Durant stuff. But everyone had the same thought and that became his legacy in Brooklyn. Was that his? And by the way, his foot was, I went back and watched it. His foot was really on the line. Have you gone back and watched that game ever?


No. I would like to at some point. It's a fascinating one because they basically have the game in regulation. If they can just make one more play and they can't, and it gets to OT and Katie's just dead at that point and they can't get any more offense. And, but I, I'd kind of forgotten. I've been watching, I always do this during the summer. I watch some old games just to get my brain ready for the season. But also, I was on an airplane on Saturday and they were running 2006 game six, Miami, Dallas for the finals. A game that I don't think I've watched since. I wrote about it and it was riveting and you can't believe how many missed threes there were.


How many Just wide open guys. Just bricking. It's like, there's Jason Williams for three that's off the mark. Gary Peyton from three Off the Mark and just people breaking threes. But Alonzo Mourning was the key to that game. He came in, he blocked like five shots and was like a maniac. And Wade was incredible. And then I went on a whole Wade kick and I'm like, you know, Wade's the most underrated star of the 21st century century. That's where I, I circled back on JetBlue at, on a Saturday night. Are you ta are you like tapping the guy next to you just being like, well maybe there was nobody Next We about fucking Wade. Yeah. Like true. Like d Dwayne Wade, most underrated Wade. Not even pro, not even properly, not even properly.


Reagan, Dwayne Wade, he was, he got to the free throw line like 20 times, but the part I forgot was they're up three, they foul weighed, he misses both free throws. Dallas gets the ball back for another three and Terry misses it and Miami wins. But that, that Miami team was like just the team will never see again where it's like Antoine Walker Yodon has, who's awesome in that game. Morning and Shaq, they're just playing like big guys everywhere with Dwayne Wade, they washed up Gary Peyton. It's just the team that resembles no team we would watch in 2024. So let's talk about the Foot on the line game for, for a few. Yeah. Again, because it's framed as this ultimate what if moment.


And I think the assumption baked into that framing is that, well, if that's a three the Nets win the series and the Nets then win the championship. And if they win the championship, what does that mean for this hardened Kyrie Durant chord that then flames out so spectacularly just the season later. And I, I get why that it's framed that way because the next round they're gonna play the Hawks. Who are this upstart? Like how did the Hawks get here? Oh, that's right. They've been the same. Yeah, they're be the Hawks And then the next round is the Suns who are just kind of like surprised. Not surprised, but like they just got way better than people expected. Way faster. Yeah. But, but people, I think just, just skip a little bit, just scoot on by the fact that Kyrie was out with an ankle injury.


Remember he landed on Middleton's Foot, I think. Yeah, he was done. His Ang Yeah, he was done was he wasn't in that game. Is he? Is he coming back and Harden was playing on one leg and give him a ton of credit. He was giving them everything he had. He was huge in game six to get that to Game seven, playing on one And your guy Joe Harris was basically dead. That was the other piece. He's not, not making a lot of shots. He Could not make literally anything. So what state are the nets in if they do get through that series? And do they have enough to win eight more playoff games and a against opponents that? Yeah. No one is gonna really remember the, you know, the, that Hawks team is, I never Thought of it as a Nets title because the title probably already went out the window when those guys all got hurt to me it was a Durant legacy thing.


Just A Durant thing. Just the the what ifs of that career, which I, I think he probably has the most what ifs of anybody. 'cause there's alternate universe where he is in year 18 of on the Seattle Supersonics and he is the most popular athlete in Seattle history. There's the what if of the Clay Thompson game. There's the what if of I can't down, I can't go down this one with you can can't, there's, these are four massive, it just never ends Massive. 2019, he is the best player in the league and it's not close. And he's tearing through the playoffs when he just gets hurt in that clipper game. And then the 21 thing with the foot in the line, which if he had beaten the bucks by himself, that would've been, that would've been amazing. That would've, you wouldn't have been able to say shit about him.


So yeah, it's, you know, I'm, I'm obviously a a been accused of being a Durant defender and I, I'll admit to it, I, I think his, I don't think there's ever been a forward like him and I just think his career, some of it's self-inflicted, but He's, he's one of a kind, One of a kind and just terrible bad luck. And then we watch him in the Olympics and people are like, oh, Kevin Durant, he's amazing. It's like, yeah, he's been amazing this whole time. Anyway, we are going to take this to your podcast, I think in two weeks, Something Like that. And think of some other, some other gimmick By then camp will be going on. Media day will happen. Everyone will be what? Brandon Ingram trades. I'm saying there's no Brandon Ingram trade by then.


If you were Denver, you wouldn't, you wouldn't have at least a meeting about Porter for Brandon Ingram. You wouldn't get the staff together. Hush hush. Just be like, can we talk this off Three hours? I would get, I would get the staff together. I would get the staff together. Think that's, get the staff together at least. What about the Pelicans? You, you, but you have that with the Zion injury possibility? I don't know. I kind, I kind of like Porter. We all know what Ingram needs to do to be, to be functionally a number two, we're number three on a great team, which is just shoot more threes and play a better defense. And like, that's just like, he doesn't, hasn't played that way in the last couple years.


He plays like, like De Rosen and Durant and Kobe and the mid range gods, which he is just not quite at that level offensively. Although he's really, really good. I think he's actually become a little underrated because the most recent memory of him is just getting smothered by the thunder coming right off of an injury. And I think Brandon's pretty goddamn good. But yet to, to, he's gotta, even if he stays on the Pelicans, he is gotta do those things. And we just haven't seen that stuff anyway. He's a fear of me, of mine as with the Miami Heat. 'cause I just feel like they're sitting there waiting to, they purposely did nothing. They're just kind of sitting there and they could go in 19 different directions, including in the tank where all of a sudden butler's unhappy.


How Bad do the heat to get, and I'm not saying the heat are gonna be bad, I said last week on my podcast, like, I think the heat are even a little better than people are giving 'em credit for. But I'm just from, from your standpoint, what, when do you stop being scared of the heat if they're like five and 30 in three years? No, they're, it's, it's like the Friday and the 13th part nine movie where you're still kind of scared of Vorhees. He's got like a Potbelly, his head's been chopped off twice. Nah, I'm still, I'm still a little afraid of him. Plus they still have bam, they still Have coach. I'm not saying you shouldn't be afraid of this team coach. I just feel like you're very scarred by the Heat Celtics battles of the past 15 years.


I still cannot believe Tatum sprained his ankle on the first play of that game. Seven. I just wanna know what the alternate universe is. If he doesn't sprain his ankle in that game, what happens? It's bummer of a game. It was a bummer, bummer of a game. All right. Yeah, we'll, we'll do this again in a couple weeks on the old Low post Zach. Lowe. Great to see you. Glad all as well. Can't wait to see you on ESPN talking about the Lakers. I'm sure there'll be some segments and I'll see you on your podcast in a couple weeks. No comment. See you soon. All right. That's it for the podcast. Thanks to Zach Lowe. Thanks to Steve Sar and Kyle Crane for producing. As always, don't forget, subscribe to the Bill Simmons YouTube channel and you can watch clips and complete episodes from this podcast.


New re watchable as well, John Wick. you can listen to it. you can watch it on the movies YouTube channel. I will see you on this feed on Thursday. It must be 21 plus in President Select states for Kansas and affiliation with Kansas Star Casino, or 18 plus in president dc.


Gambling problem call 100 gambler. Visit rg help.com. Call 1 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org/chat in Connecticut. Or visit md gambling help.org in Maryland. Hope is here. Visit gambling helpline ma.org or call 8 3 2 7 50 50 for twenty four seven. Support Massachusetts. Or call 1 8 7 7 8 Hope NY or Text HOPE NY in New York.


This episode is brought to you by LinkedIn. When you're a small business owner, every new hire needs to make an immediate impact. Like save Worthy already making a big difference with the Chief Speedy guy, find a player you can be confident with LinkedIn Jobs as the world's largest professional network. LinkedIn gives you access to more than a billion professionals with the unique skills and experience you need every minute eight candidates are hired on LinkedIn. So I hire professionals like Professional on LinkedIn to post your job for free. Go to LinkedIn dot com slash simmons. That's LinkedIn dot com slash simmons. Post your job for free terms and in conditions, apply.