
It's The Bill Simmons Podcast presented by FanDuel, the NBA season. Hitting full stride. Don't foul out on your chance to win with America's number one sports book Bet on fun markets like Live Quarter Player props and partless Plus, enjoy our new NBA player prop pages. Your one stop shop for player props that include FanDuel's exclusive performance trends. Tracking the last five games for top markets. They even do that. The app is safe, secure, and easy to use. When you win, you'll get paid instantly. So download the app today. Bet with FanDuel official partner of the NBA. The Ringer is committed to responsible gaming. Please visit rg help.com to learn more about the resources and helplines available. Listen to the end of this episode for additional details. Must be 21 plus in President Su state's game problem called 1-800-GAMBLER. Or visit rg help.com.


Sundays with Celo are back next.


This episode is brought to you by The White Lotus Season three. One of my favorite shows. Beautiful locations, twisted characters, unexpected scenarios. The White Lotus is gonna Thailand. You know, I'm excited. I mean we're doing Prestige TV again. Me, Mallory and Joanna Robinson. We're doing right after every show putting a recap episode on the Prestige tv. Same luxury new reservations for all of us. How are they gonna make the show better? The answer is the show's great no matter where it is. I'm excited to be in a new country with our weird, mysterious, probably creepy white lotus gang. But I love the show. Watch a new season in the Emmy award. Winning HBO original series, the White Lotus new episodes now streaming on Max.


We're also brought to you by The Ringer Podcast Network Avenue. Have new rewatch. Its coming for you on Monday. We did an Oscar winner. You can watch that as a video podcast on Spotify. You can also check out our Ringer Movies YouTube channel, where it's gonna be as well. All the videos and clips from this podcast are the Bill Simmons YouTube channel, but we are now a video podcast on Spotify. So you can watch it, you can listen to it, whatever you wanna do. One thing to promote Celtics City, our nine part Celtics docuseries that we did for HBO and Max is going to be Sunday, March 3rd, the first episode. Nine straight weeks in a row. Spent four years on this obviously meant a lot to me and, And I think we did an awesome job.


I can't wait for everybody to see it. I'm in Boston because we did the premier on Friday night, had a bunch of people there. I got to talk to Joe Missoula about the town. So exciting. Joe Mazo, I'm making him come on the podcast. He was a, he was a really fun hang but, but we had a really fun premier of episode five, which was about a part of the eighties with the Celtics. So you know, that's in my wheelhouse. But very excited for everybody to watch it and we'll be talking about it a bunch over the next, next few weeks. So wanted to mention FanDuel because on Tuesday on FanDuel's Sportsbook you have the Mavs and the Lakers playing for the first time since the blockbuster trade.


So it's, it's the first Luker revenge game of, I'm sure there's gonna be like 40 Luker revenge games. FanDuel is giving all customers a 50% same game. Parlay Boost for that matchup. So just go all in one way or the other. Because the easy way to do this is be like, I'm gonna take the Lakers and I'm gonna take the overs for Luca. If you're gonna take the overs, go big, go like 40 plus go 10 assist. Try to stagger it so you get this huge thing or go the other way and just assume just about everybody's gonna be going on the over with Luca. So Zag, do a couple unders. Do the couple unders with the Mavs to win. Either way, 50%, same game. Parlay Boost and remember goes live on on Tuesday.


Look for it then claim the PBT, the Profit Boost Token. Place your bed for Tuesdays. Big game. Look for it in the carousel on the FanDuel Sports book app. Coming up for the first time on Sunday this year. I think it's like year seven for us, Ryan Illa. We're gonna talk basketball and basketball, more basketball and, and we're gonna try to sprinkle in some goofier stuff as well. He's next. First our friends from Pearl Jet.


All right, we are taping this four 15 East coast time 'cause I'm in Boston. Just went through the Celtic Snakes game. It's another emotional year for us. Illa Sundays with Racc. We're back. We made it another basketball season to talk about, complain about breakdown. Plus we have a whole bunch of other things too. We have the NFL drafts Coming up. I'm sure you have some movie and music thoughts. Maybe some Oscar thoughts, maybe some white lotus thoughts. I never know what you're up to. How are you? I'm great. Lot of reading, lot of history. The beginning of civilization. If you have any questions we'll get to them maybe after the basketball Kish. I'm ready. Yeah, I'm gonna talk some James Poe like I, I don't know where you wanna go.


No, I've just, I'm on this huge Susan Wise Bauer kick. But again, I think we should table it. Okay, we'll save it for later. I just went to Celtics Knicks. I have just the slew of thoughts. We're watching the game, I'm sitting with my dad And I just think that Knicks are a bad matchup for the Celtics and we're saying that the whole time we're like, this team can't play with us. And the se get up to like in the mid twenties it's like 24, 26 and then the Knicks come roaring back. They come roaring back band Brunson and towns and we're watching like, should we be scared? We should be scared. And then now it's like, it's nine and it's seven, then it's six. But we slowly realized that tips has just left his starters in basically the whole game. And that's one of the reasons they're hanging around.


And I, my dad's freaking out. I'm like, no this, there's no way Townsend isn't gonna play like 46 minutes. Like we're we're, we're fine. And then the se end up finishing up, here's, here's where I'll start with you. Does tips know that the regular season, especially in the east doesn't really matter and that you just want to be one of the first four seeds and that to put miles, like the miles that he put on some of his guys today is insanity. I don't get it. I just don't understand it. He doesn't care. I mean I'm sure he understands it in the brief time that I had access to him. We were at ES PN together. He's, he's so smart about basketball. Like I think I left the room just going, do I know anything?


He made you doubt yourself. Yeah, 'cause I mean I've told the story before, but we were watching a game together and then it was an inbounds, it was a simple inbounds play And I just went, what? What? And then he ran through like seven different things that you could do defending this inbound. And I just was like, Jesus. And look, this is what everybody says about him. We know that he's brilliant but yeah, he doesn't care. And I think when you looked at the earlier part of this week, because New York, we know the record against the top three teams, Boston, OKC and Cleveland. They're oh seven now, but they played in Chicago on Thursday and it was an overtime game. And here are the minutes. Precious 46, Mikhail 44 Kat 43 Brunson 38, McBride played 42 and then he played three other guys 17 minutes.


So they go into that Cleveland game fresh off of that. Yeah. Where Cleveland I think was coming off of back to back And then you could see within that game you're like they're toast. Boston had the extra rest day. New York had the rest. So you know, that third quarter was awesome because Brunson and Ka are awesome. But like I couldn't believe he put Kat back in after he left with the lip, After he twisted his ankle, they're Down 18. It's like, do you want to get stuck with some tada misos? Yeah with two minutes to go let's do it. Well he had, we're looking up and I'm looking at the thing, I'm like, I don't feel like towns has come out. My dad has like no, no, he's come out and then he played 33 of the first 36 minutes of the game. Right? So he just went all in on that third quarter with his starters basically. And they were great.


Try to Try to hang around. Yeah. And it was, but the Celtics were playing their bench guys too and you know, trying to keep their guys fresh for the fourth quarter. And then that fourth quarter started and you could see it at the game. You could see like Hart who was, I thought really good. He's like, he there any stoppage you could see his chest heaving and towns started to slowly die 'cause towns was awesome. But he ran outta gas and the Celtics knew it. They started targeting him and then Towns finally twisted his ankle. But I just watched stuff like that And I, I, I know we've talked about this tip stuff forever about how he doesn't care about the minutes but I think it's really reckless. This team just needs to get to the playoffs with these five guys being able to play 40 minutes a game when we get to the playoffs, they don't need to do it.


Now you look at the standings, it just doesn't matter after the top four and whether they're gonna be two, three or four, I don't really feel like it matters. I think it matters for them to be healthy, you know. And any Knicks fan I know is like, we'll just wait till we get Mitchell back. It's like all right, so that's gonna be your big X factor in the playoffs. This guy who barely ever plays keeping your fingers crossed on him, keeping your fingers crossed on towns in in six foot one Brunson and N and Obie who always gets hurt to just be able to roll like this for 40 minutes a game. I think it's irresponsible. I don't get it. We've spent so many years though talking about guys not playing with effort, effort, culture, all that stuff came up big time. Yeah this past week with the Four Nations tournament, how great that was.


And I spent some time talking about just like look the sports are a little bit different but I think the NBA's a much better place than you know when you go back five years ago. I mean it depends on which snapshot you want to take of like man these guys miss a lot of games. Right? And again a lot of that stuff was team candidates. So I don't know that any of it, like I know the actually the answer to it, none of us loved it. So I do feel guilty with what I think is Tibs approach that you know when you're on his team like this is what we do, like this is what we do, this is how hard we play and this is, this is the approach. And it seems like the players don't mind. It's just funny when they do those player surveys it's like which coach would you least wanna play for? Tib is almost always the answer because they see this stuff Well and then Townes is somebody that I just think And I thought he was really good in the first, in the second and third quarter.


I thought he was really good. But he's also somebody I think you have to be a little careful with. He hasn't exactly been Cal Ripken Jr over the years, you know, but when they got back in the game, Brunson got cooking, which he does from time to time. The Celtics got, they did the same kind of, the offense slowed down but Townes who had Tatum and a bunch of forwards Guardian which is Celtic strategy and then TA and then Townes was like, I'm gonna actually use my weight And I'm gonna bulldoze into dudes. And you know, the refs were letting him do it and all of a sudden he went from like zero points to 20 in about, I don't know, it felt like 20 minutes of real time. Not even game time. So when you watch the Knicks, when you see them when they're all playing well and you see the five guys and they'll have these eight minute stretches where it makes sense.


I just don't think with the way he plays the minutes and the bench, I don't really take them seriously as a championship contender. Which is one of the things I wanna talk to you about today. I think they're one level below. I really only think it's OKC in Denver and the Celtics and Cleveland right now. And I have room for a bunch of other people that these next 30 games can climb in. But I think the Knicks are a level below those four teams right now. You're right. And it's not just today And I thought Boston came out with like a great J like just an awesome approach just pushing the ball in transition. You know, that's when they're starting five with those five guys playing and you're going okay, this almost looks unfair.


Like there's just, and Jalen Brown was awful. I know he has points so bad but yeah, you just couldn't understand like what his approach to the game was today. Even though if you just box score you'd be like, whatcha guys talking about It got better. It was a really bad first half. It got a little better as the game went along but it was not a great game for him. So you know, you're down 27, I mean if we could talk minutes, 'cause you're right about the minutes part of it, but to get it from 27 to four is exhausting. Yeah. Right. On top of whatever tips is doing in the sub pattern and then Boston, you know the, the only blemish on the entire like two year resume of this team is that you'll go, are you guys shooting the other team into this game right now? Like what the hell is going on? And a lot of that happened in the third quarter.


But like back to your original point I did you have an open mind before today about the Knicks being in that one line of Right. Okay because let's run through the resume. It's, it's Owen seven now against the three teams in Boston, Cleveland in OKC. And it's also not close in those seven games they're losing by an average of 20 points in those seven games And they're down big. Yeah they're down big in every game at some point in the Game. These are blowout games and they've allowed 125 points per game against those three teams in those seven games. So the Datatel like I really enjoy them. I think they're fun. I can't wait to see what happens with them in the playoffs. But as great as Kat has been, you can see against Big Wings and what Tatum's looking for.


Like Tatum had a couple like end of the first half he had two switches into Ka where he drives right on him. Right? Yeah. And And I think one worked, one didn't, they weren't like one was a really tough make and the other was a decent look and then that play at the very end when he hits the three he knew like Ka was like I don't wanna run up 'cause this guy's like attacking the shit outta me. Yeah Tatum comes off the screen knowing he's pulling up 'cause Kat is so far away from him and that's just what they're gonna do. And you're right, like maybe Mitchell Robinson helps of course he'll help if he's healthy. But solving this seems like a massive ask of that guy. I think the Celtics are a very bad matchup for them with all the guys they have to throw up Brunson with all the ways they can attack towns with the fact that their two wings are just better than the next two wings.


And those guys are really good And you know, I thought Josh Hart was fantastic today and especially just watching, you know, there's stuff you can see on tv but then in person, just the motor that he has and now he's just trying to catch his breath every time the game stops you can watch him. He's just like taking these big breaths 'cause he knows he's gotta like go like a rabbit again. But I think it's a bad matchup for them. And I, Cleveland weirdly is I think even though Cleveland's been great and they have 10 losses and they're playing after we tape this, I think Cleveland's a more realistic series for them than the Celtics are with the, with the size the Celtics have. Now the question with the Celtics is poor Zynga we saw today who was moving Great.


Are we getting that guy in April and May? Yeah Drew, they've been really kid gloves with the whole season. They just, Chad fan of the Boston Globe was writing that. He's on the DJ plan. I I I thought that was great. I'm gonna steal it from him. I he's just on that yo man just be there in April, may, June we, we don't care about right now. Feel free to just, just whatever. Pick your spots today. He gave a shit when he gives a shit and poor Zynga is healthy. This team is still in my opinion, the best team in the league. I just don't know, is that team gonna be there in April and May? We'll see They were so lucky with the injuries last year and then facing a Dallas team that wasn't gonna be able to exploit some of the weaknesses to the point where they didn't even really need Pingus. So the whole design of this Celtics team, the whole reason why you move the assets you do at the time and then remember the contractual obligation to Pingus because like even if you liked him in that Washington season where he is pretty good, you're like man, yeah that is a leap a lot.


That's a leap of faith. But they had to do it to get him to opt out. So look when they're right that first quarter, you're right. Like I don't know what it looked like in person so I'll defer to you here. But that first quarter was just a nice little reminder and they've been on a really good run here by the way too. Yeah. After that weird 500 play stretch, which basically is gonna happen to anybody in today's NBA. But that first quarter I was like man is this nasty and they just do a great job and here's the most important stat, like I'll ask it. What do you think the most important stat from today's box score was in this game? What was it? Rebounds, Brunson, zero free throw attempts. Oh because I had a Brunson thing for you. Something important happened today.


There was a moment my dad And I agreed. I think he's become the preeminent flopper in the NBAI. I actually have to put Him on the reviewed play or the inbounds when he was coming right to left. He, it's just a whole bunch of 'em. He's doing it on both ends. He's doing it on defense and offense by the way. Kudos to him 'cause it's working. But I think harden's getting a little older, right? Maybe his best flopping days. Probably 2018, 19 range. Trey Young was there for a second. But I think some of the rule changes have gotten in his head, Brunson's top of his game, he's flopping on picks, he's flopping coming off screens, he's flopping when somebody bumps into him on a drive, he's flopping for charges.


I, I think he's the complete package. It was some of the best flopping I've seen. He's all first team, no question. Yeah, maybe I'm premature. I mean he is clearly in the running for MVP. Maybe I'm vaulting him up too too high. But I just, what I saw today, I was in awe. He didn't even get any free throws though. I mean this is a low free throw attempt game game. I think at the end of the third quarter there was 16 total or I think Cornet then took a couple. So it was, they were Letting them play. They, especially in the towns drives, they were letting them play. Yeah. But see towns, you know it's, it's amazing how productive, I don't know if there's anything in the NBA that I dislike more from start to finish that's more productive than his drives.


And I think they're better this year than they even were with Minnesota because like slinging them up. The Minnesota drives are like whatcha doing? And he's been so good. He, this is the perfect role for him. 'cause there's all these other guys, you can have a McHale game, you can have an OG game, you know, heart can go off. Brunson's still gonna be the focal point of all this stuff. He's a stretch five. Which I think is almost mandatory if you're trying to be a title contender. But we know their defensive numbers are not good. We know what they are against those other top teams And you know, today wasn't really close man. It wasn't, well they also, it's weird with Bridge with Bridges and Oji. I texted her in the game 'cause one of my favorite SSC jokes is though is was Tobias Harris out there?


Oh no, he was out there for the last hour. Like I always think of you anytime I'm watching a game and I'm like, oh it's Mikhail Bridges, I forgot he was playing I, it's exciting. And then Oji but both of those guys had these really like quarter long stretches where they might inbound the bottom like oh yeah Bridges, there he is. They haven't figured out the same way. The Celtics I think with White and Holiday, who can d who can you know take a backseat 'cause you have, Tatum has the ball at, they'll run the place for Pingus. Jalen Brown will have his first five minutes of the second quarter as my dad's just bitching in the stands the entire time about the shots and white and holiday. I figured out how to kind of sneak in and out and get little fast break layups or get like threes in the corner and they're always involved.


And what I saw today and what I've seen on TV too is there's just games where Bridges and OG just aren't involved. Did it feel like it was anything that was happening to them or 'cause like Brunson got off to a really slow start and then those guys go nuts. I mean what was it, 38 points in the third quarter? They were throwing everything at, they were throwing everything at Brunson. They were really disciplined and because Brunson got Cornet a couple times and then I thought there was another time where it was like the same movement where they were gonna get Brunson down the left side and they brought Tatum over as like a third defender. Yeah they just were like fine. You know, so I thought there was these little moments in there that kind of back up what you're saying. So go ahead.


Well you know I I, I was ready to almost lead the pod with Tatum and then he had this really terrible stretch where I was like this is still like the last hump for him because the first half of that game, his two-way game and you saw it in the Philly game too and there's been a, And I feel like it's getting better as a year ago, his passing, it feels like he's gonna be between seven and 10 assists almost every game now when he's locked in his rebounding and his Swiss army knife stuff that he does on D where he can guard basically everyone on the other team. I do feel like he's going up a level but there's that still that last piece where it's like he never has like the awesome 48 minute, oh my god he blew my doors off game.


It's like three quarters of the four and that I think that's the last level for him. If you wanna be on that SGA yoic level, you've gotta do it for the whole two and a half hours. And right now he's at about an hour 45. Does that sound too nitpicky? No. You know my thing with Tatum is been pretty consistent that as much as I loved him And I think I appreciate him, that there was never gonna be a time where like that guy's the best player in the world. Like that seems impo like, like that seems like an impossible goal to accomplish. Would you agree with that? Are you, are you hesitating?


No because sometimes when I watch him, when he's really going well I feel like he's got all the pieces but I don't at this point I think it would've happened. I think we would've had some sort of nudge where we would've had some crazy stretch, you know, that all the greatest players have had like what SGA just had where SGA was just like I'm just gonna score 50 points a bunch of times now and my team's just gonna win every game and and it's just that's the last, so he's like a level below and that you know the all the MVP pallet stuff, the MVP's basically done, it's the top two guys. But I think Tatum's, I think he's been the third best guy in the league this year. I would put him against Giannis. I would, I would pick Tatum. I think he's had a bigger impact on a winning team.


I know his team's been a little bit better but he's, the durability thing is the piece with him that I just think he doesn't get credit for. He fucking plays. Yeah he's, look this is the most I've ever appreciated him. Me too. His passing the way he beasts guys like a team. The other day we were just kind of like bullshitting 'cause Goldsberry And I had done constructing our most complimentary starting five of today's players. Right? Yeah. And I just, I put Tatum on it because I felt like he provides so much. I mean he's basically playing point guard at this size. Right? And I don't know that that gets talked about a lot nationally And guarding towns on the other end like that there's nobody in the league doing that other than him basically.


Right. Which is what he did in the NBA finals. Now granted the game's different so it's not like he's down in the post against Moses Malone for 40 post ups a game. But he was, he was a center on defense and he's playing point guard and you know, maybe somebody else brings the ball up but then they bring it back to him and it's this decision making and so you know, maybe there's some output stuff that doesn't line up with the SGAs or the nights where Ant goes fucking crazy, you know, which is just so much fun to watch. Like Ant having one of those nights is probably still my favorite thing other than just a a reminiscent curry flame thrower game. Yeah and honestly I'm probably, I would tell you like the certain moments with Ant that I probably still like more than any other single player in the league but you know, Tatum just has more options around him.


I still would say Boston at its peak has more options offensively than even Oklahoma City does. I don't know that there would be much of an argument there. So even though you're not getting that peak output that would maybe put him in the belt conversation. I am so happy with his approach that it's, I'll take this, his assist ratio on the advanced stuff has never been better. You know a lot of the advanced metrics are like peak for him. But there's also, it's not just accounting thing, it's not even the metrics. There's just an eye test thing with him where, how steady he is. Like he had a baseline drive on OG where he went right into him and moved him off the spot and got the free throws and I'm like how many other guys 20 plus feet away would have the balls to drive at OG and look like the stronger player?


So yeah, I've never like I've never been more in love with his game than what I've seen this season. That's how I felt today watching it. I just feel like he's maximized a lot of stuff that he is been working on in the last couple years. And if you took this version of Tatum and you put this version in the 22 finals, I think they beat the Warriors and he wasn't even close to being able to do 40% of the stuff that he could do. Now I love the rebounding. I don't think he gets enough credit for that. And I love the durability and the fact, you know, JJ said something about this 'cause he was talking about the Lakers, this was even before the Dallas game when he was, you know, 'cause they're way better on defense. The Lakers, I think they're like third in defensive grade in the last 20 games And you know, they were even playing better before the trade and somebody asked him what was different and he's like, you know the NBA is about just playing hard, just playing like making sure your team plays hard every night.


And I think that's a skill that Tatum where if he's taken off a quarter in Charlotte, you really notice it because of the, the level of intensity that he has game to game quarter to quarter, half to half. When he doesn't have it you're like, oh shit, what's wrong with Tatum? What, what's he doing? He is just jacking up shots. Why isn't he rebounding? Like it's really like glaring. So anyway, I think he should get probably more credit for for that. I don't know if there's an extra half step for him. Maybe we'll find out in the playoffs you Really think, you really think it's, well I think you've already answered that it's kind of a closed case. But I mean at any point do you think, I mean I guess he's got a couple years to go but is he gonna surpass SGA, is he gonna, he's, I don't think it's ever gonna be as easy like that you for the yoic stuff that yoic night to night, it's just easy for him to create shots for everybody.


The best possible shots, right? Last night's a bad example but for the most part SGA is just like he's just getting the 35, he's just getting the 40. It doesn't matter what you're doing, he's just gonna get to where his points are. And I think Luca is in that category too. I don't know if Tatum's ever gonna be at that level but I, I think to me he reminds me, it's a weird one And I, And I know I'm thinking about it probably 'cause we just finished this nine part Celtics docuseries, but to me he's more like a halo check type. He's this Swiss army knife that does all these different things for your team. He's never the best scorer in the league. He's never the best assist guy but he just, he's just additive And I think that's the level that he's gotten to. So he probably reminds me of Hache the most, even though he is taller and you know it's got size, all that stuff.


But just it's like they could play small ball center with them if they wanted. He could also play point guard for them if he wanted. The other thing with the Seltz that I think Cornet has been playing really well and Pritchard's been up and down hazard's coming back. But they're getting more of a bench than I think. And then Horford being able to only play like 18, 20 minutes their benches is back And I think I, I wouldn't be surprised if they went on a little run here over the next next three, four weeks 'cause they haven't really had a run this season. You know, we're gonna talk about that after the break. Some teams that we think might make an actual run, I wouldn't be surprised if they had a streak. Like have you been, have you felt like they've had one kick ass three week stretch other than like you'd have to go back to November.


I I just don't remember it. Yeah, but I, I mean aren't they, are they 12 and three, 11 and four in the last 15? I mean I know it was 12 and four. Yeah but I'm talking about like what the stuff they were doing last year where they were just like ripping people's heads off for three straight weeks. Yeah, they're 10 and two in their last 12. Yeah this, this kind of feels like it other than you know, the start nine two maybe were In the middle of it And two, they also had that, I don't know what is it, seven game stretch there in November. So you know the the weird thing was just a couple games against lesser opponents, the Toronto game, they could have lost a New Orleans game and the standard for them is so much higher. But yeah, that first quarter was so impressive that, you know, I was just a nice little reminder I think on a national stage for everybody of like this is what this team is capable of And I don't know that there's anybody else.


Granted you talk about the OKC defense, which I'm sure we'll get to a little bit later today might be the tiebreaker for a lot of different people. But those first 12 minutes were just awesome. Let's take a break And I want to talk about teams that can make an actual run.


This episode is brought to you by State Farm. State Farm helps you score an affordable price when you choose to bundle home and auto insurance with the personal price plan and Bundling home and auto. It's a pro move. Just another way you can save on your insurance needs. Talk to a State Farm agent today to learn how you can bundle and save with the personal price plan Like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Prices are based on rating plans that vary by state coverage. Options are selected by the customer availability Amount of discounts and savings and eligibility vary by state.


So I wanna talk about intriguing subplots with 30 games left and some of them are easy to figure out and some of them are a little harder to figure out. But the number one subplot to me And I can't believe I'm even saying this and it makes me mad that we're in this position, but what can you do? I think the Lakers are the number one subplot to watch over the next 30 games. The Denver game was so interesting last night to see like the real Luca in a, in a Lakers game and to watch, you know, their centers whatever, they're just double teaming yoic. They're just gonna be happy with Westbrook and those like whoever you find, shoot 16 for 41 from three. We don't care. We get take out Yoic. But the thing that I really noticed that people talked about when they made the trade was just 48 minutes of Luca and LeBron or Luca or LeBron.


But you always have somebody out there who just has this crazy IQ and is a really good offensive player And I've never wavered from thinking Luca was gonna be awesome on this team. I just thought it was scary last night. And if I'm in the west, I think there's four teams that can win the title and we can talk about a couple wild cards. I think the Lakers are an official wild card for me. I agree. And it's the defensive numbers like you mentioned it, if you go back the last 15, that's the number one defense in the league. They're 12 and three is the best record over the last 15, the offense 10. Do you understand That? What? What's your explanation for that other than just they're playing hard? Well I think having some of the pieces, I thought Rui played his ass off last night.


Both. I mean you could look at the points but it was what he was doing defensively. Now granted Vdo comes in and just hacks the shit outta Yoic but you know, it's like they're not gonna call all of these. Although they tried to call all of 'em on Vanderbilt. Yeah 'cause he didn't play a ton of minutes. But you know the cam reddish thing seems over the Dalton Connect minutes are limited if you start looking at these things. So I think we gave Vincent being healthy with Van do being healthy with them liking this Rui Center matchup stuff because they're basically forced to figure this out because the Jackson Haes minutes usually aren't that great. 'cause if the longer he's out there, the longer there's just gonna be something that happens. Yeah, they and and specific to last night Bill, I loved that game. Okay, me Too. I thought it was really impressive because We look at the playoff and you go bracket wise, like how far can LA go?


It's like, well they're gonna run into Denver again so that's not going to work. And last night's one result. But I thought this coaching staff showed the difference where it's always about the roster for me. But there are little times like Kenny Atkinson this year with Cleveland, like clearly there's something better with this. With his approach to basketball. I think JJ and this staff did such a fantastic job of last night's preparation. The possessions, when you really looked at what they were doing, there's these non spacing lineups that Denver runs out there outside of Yoic where the Lakers are like, if this is what you're gonna run out, like we are not gonna pay attention to Aaron Gordon, we're not gonna care about Westbrook. They had a play and I'll, I'll finish here, but LeBron was on Yoic kind of in the paint left side.


Dalton is in the dunker spot ignoring Aaron Gordon. Okay. He's basically under the rim. Yeah. The other two wing players to the right, the Lakers defenders are in the paint. So that's four players in the paint against Yoic. The only one that was providing any spacing was Michael Porter Jr. At the top of the key. And Rui was defending him, but Rui was only a foot beyond the free throw line. And you saw it possession after possession where you could see the Lakers, like specifically the way they prepped that game last night. I think that's a credit to JJ and the staff going, we've gotta come up with something new that's Yoic specific. And it worked and you know, it really wasn't much of a game on top of all the Lucas stuff that I know you want get to.


Well I, they did the same thing that that Celtics game that we both went to in LA where they kicked the Celtics ass. And part of it was they just were really well prepared and they used a bunch of things against the Celtics that I had kind of been waiting for, you know, somebody to do it. Especially like, oh you're gonna try to force it to Pingus, great. That's gonna throw your whole team outta whack. Like keep, keep giving the ball. And Pingus had a good first quarter and nobody else did. And then it's like, oh here's the top of the second quarter. This is when Jalen tries to get his offense for six minutes. We're gonna make it really hard for him. And it was just, you were just watching it going, oh this team's got their shit together last night against Denver.


You would think, well why doesn't everybody do that against Oage? First of all, it's hard to do it. Second of all, it's hard to commit to it and your guys have to be really disciplined with it. But they also have smart players. Like everyone makes fun of Luca's defense, but he's still a really smart basketball player. Right. LeBron I think has been noticeably better on defense for what, a month and a half now? Yeah. I don't Know what the timeline is, but we won the first Month of the season where it was like, oh my God, he's just not playing D he's a DH now. Now he's really active and they just have size and physicality that I think they, you saw it against the Celtics, they bullied the Celtics Now, you know, slightly different team. But when they have those, when they have Rui and when LeBron and Luke all together like those, that's like 800 pounds of dudes.


So are you in, are you in, are they your fifth team? Are they the first team outside of your tier one playoff, like title contest? Well I wrote them. I wrote down, You teared us up. No, I wrote down things I like about them and the number one thing is just always having Lu or LeBron out there. One of the two or both. I think it's just, it's just really hard to play them. You don't have a moment like you had with the Knicks today where Brunson has to sit down. It's like, all right, it's campaign time. Cross your fingers. Like the Lakers just never had that. In fact, Campaign was nice though that first shift. He was, He was, he made three in a row. That's Probably the best thing ever for a Knicks opponent. Be like, hey don't forget like Titan second half campaign made three in a row in the first half. So that's good for us.


He's gonna think he can get to 20 the the fact that the defensive numbers are like if they were ninth or 11th, the Lakers, I'd be like, okay, that's a little fluky. There's probably some, when you're the top five, when you're in the top three, like that's not fluky at, at some point I think J's a legitimately good coach And I thought what they did last night to, to joker who was terrible because they made him terrible. But then you just look at that, it's just a, at some point it's math. Last night LeBron and Luca had 59, 19 and 12. If you're gonna get numbers that look like that from your best two guys, you're gonna be heard from 'em from a couple playoff rounds. So if I was a Laker fan, I'd be excited, but this is why we all went, that's when the trade happened.


This is fucking crazy. You don't just get to add the fourth best guy on your team in the league to your team. Just, you know, for Anthony Davis, max Christie, who by the way has been playing great. Yeah, he has been good. I think some of the worst anti LeBron content that I've ever seen was Luca's stat lines. Those first three games with LeBron. Like, I get it, if you, you hate LeBron, you hate LeBron. But come up with better evidence than that because I went first game, you know, that he played two months that watch him against and he was so tired like four times up and down the court.


I'm like, oh man. I'm like, he's so tired. Like he doesn't even, because you know, he hasn't been complaining because he's on a new team. Like you haven't seen him. And it was kind of funny, like obviously last night's the best that he's looked with the Lakers. That first half was incredible. The way he was kind of getting into his shot and not like basketball's funny, man, you can be this incredible player here we are talking about somebody who has a chance to be the best player in the world. And it's like, I'm, I'm new here so I'm just trying to fit in for a little bit. Yeah. And if, and if you're a coach and you're, it's Luca, you're like, don't be trying to fit in dude. Just do what you do and then we'll figure it out around you. And just because the stats were bad and then they had the weird breaks, like all that stuff was so stupid.


He was great last night. And it was funny too 'cause he, he made a play and then he cycled outta the three point line and was wide open and he didn't get the ball back. And it's the first time I've seen him pissed with the Lakers and he put his hands up like, you idiots. Like what are you, what are you doing? Right? And I'm going, this is great. This is, this is the like this, that's what you want out of this dude. Right. You want him pissed that he didn't get the ball back. So I'm, I'm shocked the defensive numbers are that good the last 15. It's been a big part of this turnaround. They finally beat Denver. So I'm not ready to say that they've solved Denver. You know, there's just gonna be some spacing stuff in the playoffs where if it's Westbrook or if it's Brown And I think even Michael Porter Jr's, like Gordon such a coin toss game.


Gordon is a matchup specific guy, but they're gonna ignore him even though he is shooting like over 40% from three. They just did a great job of loading up on all this stuff. But look man, your closing group in a tight playoff game, if the three perimeter dudes are LeBron Luca and Reeves, I have a hard time believing that defense is gonna be just living on stops though in the playoffs. Right, right. Yeah. They're probably trying to outscore Yeah the, the Luca dialogue was, I feel like a lot of the sports dialogue is just getting worse because it's, it's, it's just this quick rush to whatever judgment, you know, he could have one bad game, his first soccer game and it's like oh my God, this is why the Mavs traded him and it's, nobody thinks of the human element of this guy thought he was gonna be the next Dirk Leki in Dallas.


He had no idea the trade was coming. They trade him, he's gotta move to la he's gotta figure out where he's gonna live. He's taking shit about that. He's got a drinking problem and that he eats too much and they didn't wanna give the max and they're just, you know, laying into him left and right leaking stuff to make him look bad. On top of that he is gotta figure out how he fits into this new team. He's gotta play with LeBron who's this guy he grew up watching, right? He's gotta figure out how he fits in offense. New coaching staff. He's not in shape. It's like, oh you think this is gonna go bad for like a week? Yeah. And he hadn't played, he hadn't played in too much. Played basketball like Perkins three days. Perkins tweeted three days ago, it's gonna be another two, three weeks before we see the real Luca.


He is to get in basketball shape, get his legs under and then last night he tweets like I said, give Luca time. It's like y yeah, no kidding. We gotta give Luca time Sure. To adjust to his new team and get back in shape. I'm pretty sure he'll be able to figure this out. He's had one of the five best offensive starts to anybody in the history of the NBA in their first seven years. I think we're gonna be okay with Luca ic. I'm not worried, but people were worried. It's, I, I don't know what happens. Who was really like who did you respect? That is what was worried. Well That's, but but some people have platforms who this is, this is kind of what you do. You just go nuts, get mad. Luca Doge was terrible.


This is why the Mavericks traded him. I would say over 50% of your tweets are about LeBron or Jordan then you should just be banned from the platform. It's fair. We talked to Elon about it. So Have you been hanging out with him much lately? I haven't talked to him. Lakers have the six best odds on FanDuel right now. So it's not, it's not a hot take to say oh I think they're a title contender. I think that's where they are. I think they're in that wild card team. I went back And I looked at, I think this, this needs a name I came up with post All Star late bloomer, but I think we could do better. I don't know. That sounds great. Thanks. I don't, what is it? Well these teams that over the course of the last 30 games at some point got their shit together and became a real contender.


So the reason I thought of this was 'cause we watched it happen in Dallas last year. Dallas was 16 and four to finish the season. They were fifth net. They just remember they had a big winning streak, then they had a losing streak and then they started winning again and at some point it felt like there might be something there in a real way. Right. 2023 it happened with the Lakers. They were 16 and seven down the stretch. Fourth net they ended up making the Western finals. 2022 is when the Celtics score. Were they 25 and 25 then went on the run their last 22 games there were 17 and five first in net. Were They finals? They below 500 too? Like It might've been maybe 24, 25. They made the finals. I threw out the two strike, not strike the Covid years.


And then in 2019, Portland finished the last 25 19 and six fourth net and they made the Western finals. So this does, there is a team, there's a track record of a team we didn't think was in the top three or the top four moves up there. And for me it's either the Lakers or Golden State and we're taping this right now as as Golden State's playing and they're beating up on Dallas. But those would be my two picks. Golden State or the Lakers and I'd probably lean Lakers 'cause of 'cause of Luca and the talent. Who would you have? It feels like the Knicks are on the Lakers line of this though, right? That's fair. But I don't think they, would you necessarily say they would be an out of nowhere team?


I guess it could conceivably happen. I I think they're more likely to have more injuries and weird shit happen than to go on and run. But maybe I'm wrong. Yeah, okay. But here's, here's something that i, I like about the Lakers because I think this is always an important thing and because I think guys play more often now 'cause this could get really misleading. Sometimes you're looking at like a matchups against the better teams. You're like, okay, who was there? You know like even when I go through those Knicks seven games, it's basically everybody played in those games for the Knicks. I think OG missed one. Yeah. So you know there's different times where you go head to head and you're, you're looking at it getting ready for the playoffs. Like how do they do against each other? You're like all these guys missed these games. But again, like I said, it's been a little bit better. The Lakers are one of three teams in the west of a winning record against teams 500 or better.


So clearly OKCs 20 and nine, the rockets are 20 and 15 and the Lakers are 15 and 12 And I think that's important. Memphis is under 500, Denver's under 500. The Clippers under 500, Minnesota's under 500. So again, if I said only three teams, the rest of them are, are all under 500. I think for me on the Lakers part of it is we're totally aligned on the Luca thing. Like gimme a break like this guy at this age with his track record and because he hasn't played in two months. So you are like, if you were watching these early games going, what's wrong? Like so this is what you think it's gonna be Now you just think this is who Luca's gonna be like it's Just gonna be a complete mess. Yeah. Do you know how Absurd that is? So it's, we're not even at Peak Luca, they're putting together this performance.


They have this defensive profile the last month or so, but you know, bracket it out, fi four or five, they're playing Houston, you're probably picking the Lakers 'cause you trust their offense more than you trust Houston's offense. Right. Okay then then guess what's waiting for 'em on the other line? Sadly, I sadly I did this and it as you know, I hate the Lakers and this made me sad. Okay, but how Going series by series? I was like, oh my god, they're gonna fucking make the Western finals. What? So they're beating Oklahoma City in a one four matchup. You're crazy. Oh no, I'm just saying there's a scenario with these brackets where if they're not four or five, if they can somehow avoid OKC till the Western finals. Right. And then you think they're gonna beat Oklahoma City.


Well, so they would have to get to two or three. Okay, Alright. Yeah, I think is So fine. But there's thinks completely, completely reasonable. Right now they're 34 and 21. Memphis is 37 19 and Denver's 37 and 20. I think they have to leapfrog. I don't think they'd wanna play OKC, but I also wouldn't blindly pick OKC against the against Luca LeBron either, would you? I mean, I know I would pick them to win, but I wouldn't be like that would, I wouldn't be like, oh, lock it in, write it, And I, and marker that K C's a hundred percent winning. I'd be a little nervous. Well I wanna see more of the Chet stuff, but defensively the Che stuff has been really good. So yeah, you know it's, it's not the same as the Luca thing, but I mean we're looking at Chet missing in three months and then trying to come back.


He's not taking a ton of shot. Like, I can't wait to see what that guy looks like and what this team looks like. So there's just, look, they still have a massive issue with certain matchup bigs. And normally I would say, what are you gonna do against Yoic? Like, do you really think you're gonna survive seven games against, like having Rui was great last night, but let's not lose our minds about who this team is. I still, I still have Denver and OKC in the Western finals, but I think if you start thinking about series by series, game by game, this Lakers team is scary. Especially with the fact that they're actually well coached, right? And there's, they're a matchup team. I think they're a team that could win on the road in a game seven, right? How many teams could actually go on the road and win a game?


Seven. It's not the longest possible list. This is a team that would not be afraid to go on the road. I think the Vincent thing is important for them too, because that's a guy who they signed who's been banged up or sucked for a year and a half. And then people forgot that he wasn't good, that people forgot that he was actually good and valuable in Miami and was in big games for them and kind of knows where to go and what to do. He's one of those guys and you need a guy like that on a weird team like this. And the fact that Reeves has gone up a level and JJ loves Reeves. I mean that the best thing JJ and LeBron have done have been just pump res up, pump him up, make him really think he's this gifted offensive player. And I, I think he's playing with so much confidence now.


Like he's, how many teams have a a, a third guy who's as good of an offensive player as Reeves is? It's not a long list. It isn't a very long list. I mean, pat Bev really went for it last night. I think he tweeted out they have the best one through four in the NBA And I was like, who's the fourth? Ooh. It was like Rui. I'm like, all right going, I think you're forgetting about Boston and then OKC with chat. I think there's a lot of guys that you could pick from there that would be in the conversation. But as far as like a number three guys with, with Reeves, I mean is it, is it Derek White? Is it, I was thinking somebody on Cleveland. Is it like, is Moby Moby? It's a Completely different kind of player. Like I'd rather have Moby than Reeves.


But offensively like initiating your own stuff, it's not even a conversation. Reeves is so good at it. Right? So when you're talking about good offensive players, a good litmus test is that guy scored 45 last night. Are you surprised? Right? Like if Derrick White scored 45, I'd be like, what did he make? Like 12 threes, what happened? But Reeves had that game the other day when everybody was hurt. What did he have? Like 38, 40? No, he had 45. He was 4 45. Yeah. 26, right? That's right. I gets the Pacers. I wasn't shocked. Yeah, but the other starters are Dorian Finney Smith, who by the way, like we hadn't even mentioned yet for the defensive part of what they've done. Right. Huge. You know, getting, getting DeAngelo Russell away from this basketball team.


You know, I try to tell you guys Lakers fans. I know, I get it. You know he makes a couple threes and points and you guys are super into that. But getting him away from this group has also been a big transition from who they are right now. And like I feel bad we didn't even mention Dorian Finney Smith at this point. I mean he made one shot last night and he was a plus 20 That trade. Man me mad. Why as because you liked the Russell so much? No, 'cause I like the, I wanted the Lakers to not be good. I said fuck they got Finn Smith. They, Finn Smith's good. He's an additive player. There were some guys in the, around the trade deadline that I was wondering like I still can't believe the Lakers didn't go after Nick Ton.


Was he available though? I don't Know what I, what are the nets doing? I I, I mean playing their ass off. I know, but they traded to get their picks back for some tanking plan and then they just can't stop beating teams. I know. I just don't think Philly was ready for the Keon Johnson Watford two-man game to close. They had no scattering report on that. Watford was like, I gotta video to the scouts. Couldn't I Tried to turn that game off like four different times last night? Yeah. Because I hate, I hate watching the Sixers play basketball. Yeah, they are disgusting. Okay. I can't but I can't turn it off. And then I was like, it's close and I'm like, look at Brooklyn, look at this team.


No, they can't stop. It's now they're ahead of them. They're ahead of them in the standings in the east. Had that flipped it, they Had in that Philly game had a couple moments where they blew the lead and they're like, all right, dying effort. And then exactly somebody else would hit a three and then all of a sudden they'd be winning again. Whatever Philly is doing to MB is one of the weirdest subplots of not just the year but the decade of no idea why he's playing and he looks miserable. He's falling down I think twice as much as he is ever fallen down. Looks like he's legitimately Hurt. What's his, what's his f per 100 do you know? I Think that this is the highest the last couple weeks. He's just kid that play. Yeah, when he ran into contest the play in the corner and just kind of went into the third row, he could stop.


It's pretty, it's pretty brutal. So the case for Golden State really quick for to be the late bloomer is just the combo of Jimmy. I don't know what it is about staff, it would be the greatest feature somebody wrote, but it just seems like everybody that passes through steps life, they turn in a Gandhi for like the first three weeks. Like the, the way they talk about him, it's just like this religious experience to be Steph's teammate. And Jimmy is like so hap like there was that quip of him diagramming plays in the huddle. This is a guy who was just sitting next to the water cooler the last three months of the Miami season and now he's like, Draymond, come here. I have an idea for a high screen. And he's just so invigorated And I think they're legitimately dangerous looking at their schedule and they're beating Dows today as we're taping.


But they got Charlotte, Orlando's a mess at Philly, great at Charlotte, at Knicks, at Nets. And then they have a seven game home stand against Detroit, Portland, Sacramento, Knicks, Denver, Milwaukee, Toronto. Like it's a team that could go on like a 12 to two run. And I wouldn't be surprised so that that would be the other one I'm kind of looking at. I guess the thing that, the thing to watch is whether Curry can go up a level again or not. 'cause we haven't seen it this year from him. His life looks a lot easier having somebody like Jimmy Butler out there. That's the thing. And the shooting numbers would back it up. The three point shooting would back it up. Even watching the beginning of today's game, even though it wasn't just super aggressive, like having Butler just be somebody else that people are worried about.


And of course they ran some other play where it's like Curry's the lead block on the cut so everybody freaks out and then Butler kind of slips a screen and then he's the second cutter behind it and he is wide open in a way that, you know, he's probably like, this must be, I just can't imagine playing basketball for a living and then getting the chance. Like no wonder everybody's in a good mood. So like this is what happens. Like when he moves all of this other shit happens. And then now my life is like this much easier. Although I do have to point out on a couple broadcasts, like our memories can't be this short. Like Butler has a nice game, he's super aggressive. I mean he was taking 10 shots a game from Miami. It was the lowest field goal attempt per game. Not Going the foul line at all.


Yeah, no, he was actually still was like not he's, he's one of the most like hyper free throw rate guys in the league because he pump fakes at the rim and guys just go for it all the time. So like if you played him in a series, you go, you guys are gonna stay down against him now he's shooting a million free throws, but he's just more aggressive Now you can tell he is taking 13 shots a game again, the shot count goes down because he's taking so many free throws. Right. But he, for all the stuff that he talked about in Miami, like he, they took my joy from me. Like he broke up with a quarterback, right? You're just going like, we just saw this guy destroy his value around the league and he makes a couple cuts and hits some free throws and it's like man, golden State.


Like, you know? Right. It's like everybody's golden state's probably still scared to death of like what the long term thing could be here. But in the short term it's, it's awesome to see, you know, some of these possessions late in games where you could just see step being like, I'm running around, I get the ball, I'm trapped, I throw it to somebody else And I don't even really wanna take some of these shots. And then you have people being like, oh his, his shooting is dipping. It's like, well no shit. So I think his life is just gonna be a lot easier now. I still don't even think they're in the Lakers class though. I agree. Are they, do you have him in the Lakers class? I dunno, I wanna watch it for a couple weeks. 'cause yeah, like Butler, he's averaging almost 10 free throws a game for Golden State as we're taping this.


They're beating Dallas by 20 and he is already six for six, he's plus 24 in the game. But watching the way he's playing with these guys, it, it's weird, it reminded me of when Moss got to the oh seven Pets and was just like so delighted to be in a real offense with Brady and he was just like skipping around right. And just so happy and, and had so much space and knew that if he was going to do whatever the ball was gonna be there. And Butler watching the space that he has, but also the connection he has with Dream On. I wasn't prepared for, I wish we were watching the game right now, but the, the high IQ thing he has with Draymond I think has been fun to watch where he's posting up and Draymond's at the top.


They're playing this weird two man game, but everybody's so scared of the shooting. I'm, I'm not counting this team out, It reminds me a bit of like when Brian Hyek was cast as the pool guy in Melrose Place and he was like, look, I'm just, I'm just happy to be here. Who is it? Brian? Who Hayek. Who's that? You think He's, he played Brian Hyek. Yeah, he played the pool guy in Melrose Place. It just reminds me a lot of that Pool guy in Melrose Place. I feel like you're making this up. Google it, Right. Hi Nick. So is there, how, is there anybody else you would put on the late bloomer list? Late bloomer list? Is there any, is there any hope for a Healthy Orlando?


So I had them marked down. They've been so, I mean they were six and 14 in their last 20. So there's only a, Their offense in their last, their last month, they're the, they're the third or fourth worst offense in the NBA and boy when it's bad on offense for the magic. Yeah, I'm surprised it was that high that they were only 27. So the other three had marked down. It's not gonna be Detroit even though there's a lot of good Detroit numbers for the last 20, 25 games. But not how many people do you think right now know what Seed Detroit is? Yeah. Not only is Detroit for the people listening, probably locked into the six seed. It's not like an easy series for the Dicks.


Like they're gonna be favored. I would pick the Knicks, but I don't know if that's like the easiest series possible for them. The other two teams I have Minnesota just 'cause who knows 31 and 26. But maybe the, maybe Something happens is Randall playing, I'm Out. Is that good or bad? Randall's playing. You're out. Okay. And then the only other one, I mean Dallas I guess we have to watch, but the only other one I was thinking was the Clippers. If, if there's like a long healthy Kauai stretch, a Banovich resurgence, they're really well coached like the Lakers and you know, could, could something blossom with them in March? I wouldn't rule it out.


You wanna do a little Clippers profile or do you wanna save it? Wanna take a break? Yeah, let's take a break.


This episode is brought to you by Michelob Ultra wherever you like to watch the game at the arena of the bar home, wherever. Enjoy every moment of the NBA season with an ice cold Michelob Ultra. And you know, we've done some stuff with them so they'll send me the Michelob Ultra, I'll put it in the fridge. It's really interesting what happens, people come over, they want a beer, they go, oh Michelob Ultra. Or I've never tried one of these. I've heard you talked about it a hundred percent approval rating every single time. Keep it nice and cold. It's delicious. There's only one way to watch your favorite teams drop buckets. And that's with a bucket. Michelob B Ultra stock up on Michelob B Ultra for the NBA season Michelob B Ultra, A superior light beer. Enjoy responsibly copyright 2025 in Eiser Busch Michelob Bo Ultra registered Light Beer St. Louis, Missouri.


This episode is brought to you by vrbo, private Vacation rentals with vrbo. You always get the whole house so you and your fellow fans can cheer on your team in peace. What's worse than watching a game with somebody who's not rooting for the same team? You're rooting for nothing. But that's why if you book a vacation house with vrbo, you know all the people in your house, they'll be friends, they'll be family. Ideally they'll be the ones who also root for my teams. Plan a winning vacation. Make it a vrbo.


Hey, it's Bill Simmons from The Bill Simmons Podcast and this episode is brought to you by Intuit TurboTax didn't file a TurboTax last year, that's in the past now. Taxes is getting the TurboTax app and filing your own taxes for free. If you didn't file with them last year, filed by February 28th. All tax forms all 100% free. Now this is taxes Intuit TurboTax, new filers and filers who didn't use TurboTax last year. Only must start and file your own taxes in app by February 28th. Excludes TurboTax Live full terms@turbotax.com.


Alright, more 30 games left subplots. So your, your pick would be the Lakers I think. I agree with you but I have Golden State a little closer than, than you do or a possible late bloomer. Anybody else? Well I'm glad I don't think we spent enough time on Minnesota because I think we did 10 seconds on it And I know they lost in the Houston game. That was just kind of a frustrating game. They didn't have Rudy, but that, you know, sometimes is that play to their strength now when you look at some of the declining Rudy stuff. But then that also means Houston can go small. 'cause even Houston against Utah last night they lost because they were just like Utah's size bothered, bothered Houston. And granted Hus Houston's kind of rotating some guys in and out so they're not playing with like the full cast of guys.


So look, sometimes you're just gonna lose to Utah when George decides to go all first team NBA, but let's just say okay open, like open to the idea. Like I feel a little bit better about Minnesota maybe than I did because in the beginning of the year when it was frustrating, it was like this team's healthy and these other teams are hurt and they're losing to these teams. But there's just a Randall stretch here where it's like, man, this, they might just be better without this guy and they haven't had di Vincenzo for a month either. You're Gonna go might for that. They're, I just think they're unquestionably better when he's not out there for them. I don't know, I've been watching basketball my whole life, it's just he screws up the spacing.


He, he, he might be a good player on other teams for that team. He does not make sense to me. No, he's, He's good for 20, you know, and it's like, okay, but there's just a lot of other stuff that, that we'd need from him. So Here's what I don't love with Minnesota. Okay, Give it to me. And As you know, I'm, I'm on the amp bandwagon. There's been a lot of really high volume field goal games for him. Yeah. That I can't really explain. Like even if you just go in two, in, in January and February this year he had a 31 shot game. He did a 29 shot game, 25, 28. The, just the last two weeks, 28, 25, 28, 33, 18, 32.


I, I don't think they're winning three playoff rounds with that happening would be my point. And I don't really know, I haven't watched enough Minnesota the last three weeks to understand why that's happening, but it's just a lot of three. Like he took 14 threes of the game. He took 15 threes of the game, 17 and 14. It's just a lot, you know. And then I look at the, the free throws like in one game he had 28, they went by 19 he had 28 shots and 18 free throws, 25 shots and 15 free throws. It's just, it's a lot of ant I don't, that's pretty easy to stop when you get to a playoff series. So I wish they had a lot but I, I don't know if they have a lot of other choices.


No, they've done a good job. Like Terrence, Shannon's been playing well Clark this other young players coming in, he's been good for him defensively and yeah like I'm not disagreeing with any of that stuff. I just think there's certain dudes that maybe I defend because I like them, but I think I like and dislike players for very valid reasons and for the high volume stuff with him, I think it just end the ball just ends up back in his hands. Right? And you know, he's getting trapped, he's getting a ton of attention and it's up to you to figure all that stuff out. I mean he had to play against Houston where he split the screen and it was, it was two defenders that came with him and he just split it in a way where I just couldn't believe and believe like it was physically possible.


And then he almost throws it down from there. And so because he's capable of doing some of that stuff, I don't know that he wants to take those shots like some other players, like again, you just go through the list of guys. I don't necessarily like, I think they're totally fine being like cool shots. You Did a good job on Mello on the, the MLO usage rate, shot rate stuff. You talked about that in your pod a couple weeks ago. Yeah, Per 100. He's taking Most shots. It was like it was 2006 Kobe. Yeah. Like we haven't seen somebody take that many shots per 100 possessions. That guy should be the Allstar game should, Well the other reason he got somebody Allstar votes is somebody pointed out to me after the fact and they're like, do you realize like if you, well the voting was still open, but if you went to the voting tab it was done by points per game. So he was like the first option when you went to the page to vote as a fan.


So just there also He's popular there. Yeah. If they have the top Instagram handles in the NBA, him and Lonzo have two of the top five. That's awesome. For most, most, most viewers like people, people like the balls. We had talked about that. Well they're Gonna have a plenty of lottery ones as well. Oh, before I switched topics that Minnesota Houston game when Brooks was talking shit to Ant and they got into it a couple times and then it, that game just got more and more competitive and heated and kept going and kept going is in the running for my favorite game of the season. I love that game but I, I really into it do that was one of those deals where it's like, whatever I'm doing tonight, I'm watching Minnesota and Houston.


I wonder Is Dylan Brooks, does he do that again or is he like, all right, here's somebody I shouldn't do that to again. Or does he double down on it the next time they play? And what happens in the playoff series? Are you serious? Because he's definitely gonna do that. You think he double down? Do you remember, do you remember him in that Lakers series where people thought his career was Over? This is though Ant Ant this is different though with Ant I I actually think he might double down because he, he might think Ant might punch him in a series and then he would take an out of the series basically. Well he did it to LeBron in a way, but LeBron was just not gonna fall for it. But yeah, LeBron was turned every Way off smarter. Right? And then Brooks couldn't make a shot and then he didn't do a media availability and it was like what?


Yeah, I didn't like that either. Nobody liked it. This Is a better player now though than he was in that liquor series. It was an awful Lakers. Like people were going get ready to learn China buddy type of stuff. Yeah, I mean he was a China meme dude. And then all of a sudden he gets that huge contract from Houston and to Houston's credit, like they desperately need him and yeah, you know I, what I liked about that game is this a men Thompson progression is like nightly man. You have to watch him every night to see it and you know, you And I were talking about him, we did that pod for the trade value thing. I'm like we're doing this at the worst possible time 'cause you're gonna lose your shit about Thompson. But I Couldn't, I feel good about I I thought we were properly careful while also respecting the moment.


Where Was he again? He was like 19. Okay. And I, I had said something And I remember I was pissed when we did it. I wasn't like mad, I wasn't like mad the next day type of mad but I was like, you know, are you still gonna run like pick and roll for him in a late possession? And you were like, well they did on the game winner. And I was kind of like, I didn't want to get into it with you. I was like there's four seconds left. They inbounded it to him and yeah he uses athleticism and he hits the game winner against Boston. The stuff he was doing against Minnesota and, and even some stuff that I saw last night against Utah, like the drive-in kick stuff that he's showing now. And there was a, you know like granted we know he can't shoot yet, which is the funniest thing about how much we all love watching him play is like, you know, the joke is he's not even good yet and it's this much fun right?


But he hit a shot because Utah just didn't respect him. He hit a shot late last night where it was like, I'm catch and shoot three. Like I'm not even gonna dick around with this. Like I'm getting this shot up. I'm gonna make you try to come out here a little bit more. There's more and more ball handling with him where they trust him. Where these, there could be this men Thompson reward of these van, these Van Leat minutes as as like disrupted as they can be. 'cause clearly they need him to organize them on offense even though they have all these clutch wins but all their clutch numbers stink. Which is one of the weirdest staff profiles, right? Well then nobody can create a good shot. That's why with Thompson they, it's like at least when he's driving to the basket and he kind of doesn't know where he is going or what's gonna happen but he always goes by whoever's guarding him.


But he kind of does know that like they were, it's getting better checkouts in that Minnesota game where it was a very clear like when he takes off he's going, if I don't have this, I know where to kick it out. And it's also just awesome having Jabari back as you know, the stretch option because you know it gives you some more flexibility with sh goon. 'cause I'll admit there's some, some some as I can't say it, some she goon nights where I'm like, what? What's up with him? Are you there at all with that? Just feels like he's depending on the matchup, he's kind of one of those guys. Yeah and Adams at this point is kind of like, do you know how old Stephen Adams is?


Isn't he like 28? See it's like some crazy number. Yeah He's 31. Right but But he's been in the league for 25 years. Yeah I don't think he should be this bad. So haven't jabbar rough. That's really important for them. Pretty. So look I I mean none of this was, that's One of those where they could have probably flipped Steven Adams and one of the 90 picks they have to get Capella or somebody who could actually play a little bit more for them. I had them on my list for subplots for the last 30 games 'cause they're three and eight in their last 11, 18th and net. They've dropped to 35 and 21 for the season and there are five seed right now. But like if I'm Golden State and I'm five losses back from them with a bunch of time left, I feel like I can catch them.


'cause I thought Houston was overachieving with some of the stuff that was happening to them the first two months. The league, their conference is getting better, Clippers are better, the Lakers are better, the wars are better And I, I don't know if they're gonna stay in the top six. That would be my pick to drop out. What do you think? I was looking at some of that schedule stuff in the expanded schedule where if you look at games against teams 500 or more, which we've already gone through in the record stuff. But Denver's played 26 games against teams with that and Houston's played 35. So scheduling wise they've been a little unlucky. But then when you look at the remaining schedule stuff, I mean it's the top three most difficult remaining schedules. It's Phoenix, Denver and LA Houston's like down at 18.


So it should because that number and the record I told you about, it should even out like I can't wait to see what and B back does. Yeah. Tar missed the game. So you know, I'm not putting a ton into the Utah loss. I put way more into the Minnesota win Because that's one of the subplots that's left is who are the 10 teams gonna be and more importantly who are the playing teams gonna be? And then how can you avoid that eight spot where you have to play OKC in round one, which would just suck no matter who you are. You know, it does feel like Phoenix is gonna drop out and we should talk to them. We talk about them. They're 27 and 29. They have three more wins than your Portland Trailblazers your favorite team.


They're six nine, they last 15, they're 19th and net. I know you talked to Goldsberry about this when you're a pot on Friday, but I sat at that game with Goldsberry and the Suns were absolutely alarming in person. Give it to us. Give it to us. There's no other word than Body language bill. Oh my god. I I mean we were pretty close to the bench so I could really watch it. It's they weren't talking to each other. You know, you judge certain things like how many guys get up after a big play on the bench. What are guys doing during timeouts? What happens when a star player walks by his coach? Does he acknowledge him? Does he talk to him? Does he just kind of stomp by? Does does one of the star players yell at the coach? Well KD yelled at Bud twice during that game.


There was near the end the, the one of my favorites is when one of the stars, there's somebody shooting free throws at the other end, then one of the stars moves to the furthest part of the court away from everybody just to go sulk in the corner. That was KD near the end. 'cause he was so mad the way they used him in that game and the team played like crap. They were playing all the hits and it is not a team that seemed very happy. And I, I don't know, I actually, we were talking in it, it was like, I don't think Bud was trying to get fired but it was the kind of coaching where you were like, if that guy's trying to get fired, I would point back to that game where it's like you're just leaving Grace and Allen out there for the entire crush try to get killed by Darren Fox.


It was, it was weird. It was a team that was not on the same page in any respect and, and seemed unhappy. That was my takeaway leaving for two and a half hours an unhappy team. Yeah, it's not Bud's fault that people can't come over to help on cuts and Duran had a bunch of those swiping late out of position and if you don't believe me, I think Van Gundy was on the broadcast of that one too. Being like what? It was tough. Whatcha doing And you know, Durant puts up these numbers but I mean there's some stuff here. And look, the worst thing Durant did was tweet that the NHL has loyalty and doesn't trade his players. Which is still one of the dumbest tweets I've ever seen. Did he Do that? When was that? Yeah, yeah it was during the whole stretch where it's like, why don't you watch something else?


And you're like, alright dude. Yeah not but you know when when you look at their, their whole thing here, you know, I don't know like rebound is usually a number where you see like rebounding decline. It kind of speaks to effort and all that kind of stuff. I mean he's, he's under five rebounds a game in February. The crazy thing is like some of the other numbers are nuts 'cause the guy can't miss a shot right now. Right. The shooting splits are incredible free throw attempts are down the last couple months. So, you know, I don't, I don't know if this is, hey this is part of this little decline here but with him. But like he still gets his numbers 'cause the guy is so brilliant offensively, but you know, it's kind of up to you man kind of be part of the, and they've tried some different things and they're just not very good even when they're Winning games.


Well you know what they unfortunately tried to do is they tried to trade him and didn't tell him. And I think that was the death. No 'cause Yeah but you know, the way the works, he didn't want, I Don't think he's wanted to be there. Man. Going back to last summer, You you think though this whole season you don't think you wanna be there? No, I don't think, I think there was pretty strong indications that if he could have gotten his preference to go somewhere else this summer, he would've done it. Interesting. You don't think so? You didn't hear any of this? I don't Know. Well I, I never know what to believe with the rant stuff. But I, I'd always heard that he likes Phoenix but I think it was a pretty unusual move by them to shop him around quietly with the don't tell anyone in a league where somebody's immediately gonna tell somebody.


And that's how they found out. I just thought that was the, the kind of thing you do when you're trying to burn the relationship. Well Luke had never found out. I listen eye test wise and I've been watching Durand his whole career, he's at a slightly different point in his career. Physically you can see it. He, he's as amazing as he is and we've never seen a guy with that kind of size and shooting and athleticism. He's a little bit creakier than he used to be. You can see it when you watch it and it makes sense 'cause he is been in the league since 2007. Like this is, this is how it goes. I I just, I don't really enjoy them. Like I I looked at it last year remember we kept waiting like hey I don't care about any of the stats.


And the fourth quarter stuff didn't make any sense. It was so bad. It had to be an anomaly and that part of it's been fixed a little bit. But even with last year's injuries and guys missing games, they were 38 and 28 through 56. They're 27 and 29 now after an eight and one start their bottom third in offense and defense. The last month K's only missed 13 bookers only missed three. The Be bench thing, it doesn't matter 'cause I don't think that dude cares at all. You know, I really, I I just don't. So they're just, you know, they needed those three guys to be just top level, not to sound like a soccer analyst and they've rarely gotten that.


The be thing was interesting to watch in person because he was in a funk to start the game and wasn't really trying hard. And then there was a moment where you could almost see him be like, oh shit, this is on TV and there's fans and then he started trying harder. But you know, it's an unhappy team. I I will promise you that that team does not make the playoffs. There's no solution for whatever is wrong with them. And I don't, you know, it's, it's probably the all time new owner syndrome example we're gonna have other than proov, which I think is number one. Although Dallas in the running Fair. Fair. I still think pro it's Unbelievable.


Like I've done this assignment. If you go through every ownership transition, the new owners fuck up so bad within the first 12 to 18 months. Like even Cuban when he brought it in And I never forget him being on with Dan Patrick talking about acquiring Ray Lare. And I remember thinking like what the hell is he doing? And then Cuban's just so good. After 10 minutes of Dan Patrick I was like, oh I guess getting Ray Lare is a good idea. Well think about it. If we bought, if we bought the pelicans, would we just keep the roster intact for a year or would we, we just be going out to dinner every night trying to figure out what our first trade was gonna be.


I feel like they would be the latter. I would be so determined if I owned a team to not screw up in the first 18 months. I would just be like say no to everything. So I think Proov was worse than the Luca trade and here's why. Because the Luca trade is ridiculous and absurd as it was. And it's gonna go down as one of the worst trades in the history of the league and maybe in the history of sports. So putting that aside, at least there was a strategy in place that I genuinely think they believed the strategy was insane. It makes no sense. It made no sense when it happened. It's indefensible.


But they had a plan and a strategy Proov, his plan was let's spend as much money as possible and do whatever it takes. I don't care about picks, let's keep going, going, going, going. And then it didn't work for a year and he was like, I'm out. No more money. I'm not spending anything. He just zagged the other way. But now they had no more picks left. I just don't feel like anyone's ever gonna top that two strategies. That one was worse than the other. And in the span of two years and he just demolished basketball in Brooklyn for no reason. Well the fact that he changed course so quickly after he'd already started like you know, it's like digging a hole for a house and going, you know what, it should be over here now.


No you can't. I mean even then eventually you'd have a house at the end of it. So it's like digging A hole for a street. It wasn't even one house, it was like nine houses. Which Way did you want these Highways going north south. Wait, I didn't realize the sun came that way. I'm out. Let's not do this. Just sell the lots. Yeah, but the problem is there's no single piece that's as damp. I mean I guess you could get into the Tatum and the draft picks and all that kind of stuff, but they weren't like Tatum wasn't playing for that franchise and having everybody fall in love with them over the course of seven years. The way like the reaction, like I saw a quote the other day on the Luca trade where somebody had said we had underestimated the reaction to this.


Multiple people said that, what did you think Was gonna happen? And it just sucks even worse 'cause ad gets hurt immediately. But the other thing that I love too about this, and I'm gonna make this joke throughout the rest of my career, is this stupid fucking timeline people do and talk about and how married they are to the age timeline of NBA rosters. Like we need somebody on this timeline. It's like, so if Cooper Flagg, if you had like the number one pick, would he be too young to put with Kyrie and ad now? Like he's not on our timeline. He's only team. Yeah right. Like as if every rebuilding team, everybody has to be between 18 and 22 And then any team that's like going for a championship, it's like this guy's 25 and good, what the fuck are you guys doing?


It's way too much of a gap with the rest of our timeline and all this stuff. So Also the iconic part of the reason you're getting rid of Luca 'cause he is not a, a safe enough risk physically and his devotion to the game And then you trade for Davis who gets hurt an hour into his first game like you Or when I thought you nailed it when you were tweeting out about that really good feature with the owner who's, what is he the son-in-law Married into the fan. Patrick Is a dumont, This is your dream, this is what I want to happen to you. You marry into the rich family that's thinking about getting in a professional basketball. This is, this is it, this is the path.


No I like, I go on Instagram and constantly like single daughters of NFL ownership their pictures. I'm like oh killing it. You know, nothing creepy. Just really tasteful stuff. Be like oh that's such a great sweater, you know but That party looks awesome. Yeah. Oh, oh my god you guys, that's so great that you guys reach out to the community like that keep, keep doing you. He, he went through all of these players like clearly like Nico had gotten to Patrick. It was like basically to be on brand here. The messaging should be like we here at the Dallas Mavericks want people that are fully committed and clearly like look, it's no secret on the Luca thing, he wasn't committed enough.


I'm not gonna make the argument that he was and was misunderstood. But you can't then run through all the list of players and be like you know, Kobe and Shaq when Shaq himself would admit that I could have done a better job. And that was the whole reason of the Kobe Shaq divorce is that Kobe, you know Phil's line to him being like your 10 is unattainable for everybody else, your 10 is their seven and they don't understand that there's a higher number. That's your gift. That's what makes you you so holding everybody else, that standard's completely pointless. All you're gonna be doing is wasting your time. So getting on Shaq's case because he's not gonna approach the off season the way you are, that's unsolvable man. And so when he went through the list of players that he admired because of their work ethic and their conditioning and all that stuff and as much as we all love Shaq, he'd be the first to admit that he didn't take it serious enough while he played.


So it was an awful quote. He wouldn't have been in my top 700 to list for that. I remember when John Walsh sat me down and told me that my 10 was everyone else is seven. What did, what did, what did you say? Thanks John. Thanks for just to relax on everybody on Greenland. Did he, did he say that to you? No he didn't. What did he say to you? What's the most meaningful thing that he ever said to you? Most meaningful thing John Walsh ever said to me to care about the relationships with the people you have professionally because those are things gonna last after you do whatever you're doing professionally.


Which I think took me a long time to realize. Yeah, I didn't realize that until recently and he didn't say he recommended game change the book, which I did enjoy that summer. It's a good one. It's a good book. More storylines for you. I almost don't wanna get to Philly. I feel like Philly is like like the the the Let me ask you then let me ask, let me ask you the Philly question off of what we just did The transition. No, but I'm saying I wanna almost save Philly Philly's like the fucking huge dessert we have coming out that's got like the table where the guy's gonna do like a baked Alaska. Like that's how much excited I have to talk about that. Does Anyone actually make a bake? I've never even seen one.


It's referenced. It's the most referenced food item that I don't even think exists. Never seen it on a menu. I've never seen a presentation, I've never seen anybody order one. I think it's fake. I think I've had it like once in my life. Philly is 20 and 36, they have the sixth worth worst record in the league. They've lost seven straight and they owe a top six picks to OKC and now they're in this zone where it's like imagine should we just fucking, should we tank it? What do we do? And it's funny, I wrote down could this hit mid 2010 Brooklyn proportions for them where I was thinking of like the the single bleakest situations we've seen in the NBA And I think the, the bleakest they can get.


And I've certainly rooted for Celtics teams that had pieces of it like that when the Vin Baker trade, when it was became clear that there was no way of getting out of his contract and just start looking ahead and you're like, wow, this is so we're gonna have this for three more years and we're just fucked. And you, that slow realization comes in And I think it's hitting some of the Sixers fans with the, with the Georgian bead money. So you have that on top of, you might give the seventh pick in the draft to OKC, you might not even get a draft pick out of this season. If you can't land the plane on this lottery, what would you do? I would tank. So you're shutting everybody down. Yeah.


There's no point. Why? Why is this MB thing gonna look better this year? It's not. It's not gonna look better tomorrow. And then Paul George, he is like, yeah my finger, I'm taking shots. It's like, well why can't you move? Why do you seem slow half the time? But are there other injuries you have that you're not telling us about? If I were a CEO of a company And I wanted to short my own stock but I couldn't just say it outright, I would hire Paul George to run pr. What are they doing over there?


We do, we feel like we went strongly enough on us being concerned from the moment they did that contract to the start of the season. Because I feel like we, both of us danced around including a convos with each other recorded where I was trying to be diplomatic. But deep down in my soul I just felt like this was a bad fit and it's been way worse than I thought. See the problem with it was is that on one hand you have Darrell pulling a rabbit out of his hat in a way that very few GMs can, you know, whether it's having a top five player in the world when he is healthy. And indeed because that's what he was. I mean but you know, even if you don't like him now, And I don't like him now you have a guy who's gonna make multiple all star teams, most likely in Maxi.


You hit what, 21st pick and then all these other little things and you delay the Maxi extension. You figure out a way to move hard and out because you knew after that playoff series, it's like I don't really want to extend this guy to whatever was talked about and how many different versions of that story you've heard. And then you have this cap space that almost never works out for anybody. And then you have this rare instance where the, you know, in this case the Clippers, the incumbent team right? Decide they're okay losing the asset for nothing and not giving this player who's all NBA level a fourth year, right?


Like everybody just gives him the fourth year. Like why are you not giving him the fourth year? So you have this one team that's deciding to not give the fourth year and it's not like they weren't gonna pay him a ton of money in the three years, but they're not gonna give him the fourth year. Like who cares? Just do the fourth year. You're figured out later it's better than just letting him walk and they let him walk. So Now you can use this cap space on a guy who in theory is all NBA. Even if we would say that he feels like with all of his talent, like at the end of it Paul George is probably gonna be kind of a disappointing player for his, for his career. And now he's even worse like when they've needed him, when other guys have been out and you've needed him to be this alpha, he's just incapable of it. And then on top. So like it's all of this credit on top of, to your point like is George personality wise the guy that fits into Philadelphia knowing what the standard is and knowing what the expectations are and it's been, is it more disappointing than Phoenix?


Well I'm personally more disappointing 'cause we had Phoenix in that big super boost, which I haven't lost all decade. So that was kind of like, like all of us were aligned on, we think Phoenix is gonna be really good. I can't wait to watch this offense. And they've all been healthy, which is the weird part. So I mean, Beal's Missed the Time for the most part. Surprising. I can't say I'm, I can't say I'm surprised that Mbbi broke down and that Paul George looks a little long in the tooth. What's surprising to me is how miserable everybody seems and the fact that there's no outs, like to go 20 and 36 is really hard, right?


That's, that's a bad record you're on now. You're on pace for, what's that like 27 and 55? Like you, you're just, there's a reason they're in the standings. Can I push back on one Paul George thing now? Yeah. Because you said ultimately you're gonna remember him as like kind of disappointing. I think he's exactly, it was exactly the best version of whatever career we ever would've thought it was gonna be. I don't like he ba he made conference finals a couple times. He had that one nice playoffs series with the Clippers after Kauai left. He also had a couple where he wasn't that great. I still like, I would still take him over Vince Carter and Carmelo and people like that from a success standpoint.


You take him over mellow. I wouldn't take him as, as a player from like I have mellow ranked in the top 75. But I'm just saying like his achievements, I think he's a achieved more than Carmel did as a player. Like he made it further in the playoffs twice or three times. He was in the conference finals three times and he was second team all NBA If Mellow had been in the east. I, I think he probably, like if you go through all the mellow playoffs stuff, for the most part, every time he lost to a team, it was a team they were supposed to lose to. I've heard that argument but it doesn't explain oh nine when I felt like they pretty easily could have beaten the Lakers And I don't feel like he had a good enough series. Personally. That's fine in that series, that's Fine.


But When, alright, then you got me on the one 2019 first team on Bay. I don't know, I, I think he sat a, if you're gonna compare him versus Carmelo, And I was a Carmelo defender forever, but I also feel like now Carmelo has become a little overrated in retirement, which I think happens depending on if you have a podcast after you retire. But or not, I don't know. We were there for the Carmelo thing. He was an incredible scorer. But the Denver years pretty much all the way through until 2009 were disappointing right then pushing his way to the Knicks and making them basically trade all these assets that actually could help him if he stayed. I think that he gets dinged on that.


Yeah, there's not, there's nothing, he doesn't even have a moment. You know, that used to be my Vince Carter argument was like, where's the playoff moment? Because for the longest time, And I know you'll be right down the middle on this one, like people were actually trying to argue like Paul Pierce against Vince Carter before the oh eight title. Yeah. And you would just go, come on. You know, this is, there's a, there's a level to like, you've gotta have some kind of playoff moment. And for Vince for the longest time, like he didn't have anything. I mean it might have taken all the way until like he hit a corner three for Dallas. So maybe it's just, 'cause Paul George at one point was in this conversation of like, could this guy be the best player in the league? And you know, I guess you could do the same thing with Mellow. 'cause early on that's kind of how you looked at Mellow. And then the playoff part of it.


I, I can't sit here and defend it because it's generally really disappointing. But I think for George and some of those Pacers years you were like, is this guy, and then it took forever for him to have like a playoff series. You felt like you could trust him. Yeah. And that, that was like hardness, you know, for him it was like, what is going on? And then they had, they had lost Kauai, they had that Utah series where Utah I think had that really good record and that two year window, they ended up, he was them, you know, they kind of got gobert stuck in the spot where he was trying to defend everybody. So he was really, really good. It was like, okay, well that's like finally, like there's something there to kind of point to there a little bit. But you, he just needs to be, I mean we're back to the beginning of this whole thing, he is incredibly disappointing. Like, he's so bad right now that I, I can't believe he's doing podcasts.


You would tell him to take a break. I Would just be so, so embarrassed. Advertisers. Pa Paul's gonna be taking a month off. I mean obviously That's not going to happen. But I would be embarrassed being a dude who comes in with the four year max and like, Hey, we need you to be the guy throughout all this MBE stuff. You know? And, and Max's numbers aren't as good. 'cause I think Maxi was pressing and trying to go like, all right, I guess I'm gonna take 25 shots And I have to raise the risk of like what some of my shots are here. I mean what, is there any part of this that you would disagree with? Because I'm, even if he's older and all this different stuff, like man year one, this is what it looks like and it's just so frustrating. Shocking. Well, what would scare me for a Philly fan is we've seen this with other players that all the sudden we're at a different level and you knew it right away.


Like I always remember Jermaine O'Neill and Jermaine O'Neill had those two years where he was getting traded around and people were still acting like he was 24 and 10 Germaine O'Neill and just wasn't anymore. Usually when the stats drop this dramatically, they don't come back. That's, that's what we've learned. You can go on basketball reference, you can look at any of these guys. There's some sort of level, especially if it's second half of your career when your stats go from like here to here and that's just who you become. And we think it's coming back and it just never does. I'm still gonna defend Paul George's 2019. I feel like that was a really good year start to finish. It was even like that Phoenix series. Like he was kind of carrying them.


It was like he, he'd kind of reached his, the 2019 o KC year was good. And then that quick run, well wait, I don't know what it was for Carmelo. What is it? He was the 2013 Nick season. Okay. Right. The regular season. Yeah. Yeah. But you know what, dude, I, I'm sorry, I gotta, I actually gonna re push back on your pushback because It's a double pushback. Yeah. Right. Because if you look at the Thunder during those post Durant seasons, okay, like they're getting blasted out in the first round. They lost to Portland in five games the year he was third in MVP voting, you know, and he has one Of great, those Horrible, horrible game sevens where you don't even notice that he's out there and like, look, we joke, we've made this joke before.


You know, it's a really simple test. Like do I forget you're out on the court. Paul George should never be somebody with his skills, with that contract, with Philly's injuries this year where you forget that he's on the court in the fourth quarter and it happens all the time. It Would be a fun podcast just to discuss Paul George's career for two hours. There's been a lot of ups and downs. 'cause the bubble was really bad the year after was really great. Q could go all over the map of it. Couple more storylines quickly. Let me just finish this Clipper's point though. Oh please do. Because You know, their defensive profile's incredible. Lawrence Frank in this front office, they deserve all the credit in the world for doing something that I just don't think a lot of teams would've done.


Most teams would've given Paul George the fourth year. And to your point, like maybe that tells you something if they were so adamant of not doing it. But then again it's like, well it wasn't like he was gonna play for free on the other three years. But I just laugh when I think about the Clippers transactions this year. 'cause it's almost like, hey, who are all the players? Or Solo doesn't like, let's bring them in the hardened one. They need, they need his usage, the highest usage that we've seen from him in five years. But it's not just that. I mean they have brought in Kevin Porter Jr. Who they moved on from who you know, you wanna talk about playing your own game when you're out there on top of all the other shit you could get into with him Bones who couldn't make it work with Yoic. Like if they're, Hey man, all you had to do was cut, all you had to do was cut and you would've got a second contract that would've worked out.


And a ring they mo Bamba, who is gonna just forever trick teams, they brought in Kai Jones. Okay. And then they were like, while we're at it, let's add Ben Simmons. This is an absolute anti-rail heater of roster movement. And they're, and they're pretty good. I kind of like the Ben Simmons move. Oh do you? I didn't mind it. They're paying nothing for him. He costs like five bucks. I'm Okay with it. I tell you, that guy is like, all right, this Brooklyn thing's over. And then, you know, I just love that it was actually like a story. Be like, Ooh, we're on Ben Simmons buyout watch. And it's like, of course he gets to go to la. Of course he does. Good for him. It's a nice team for him.


Hey Ben, just play some defense and bring the ball up for us. Can you do that? Occasionally? Do the thing where you drive really hard and then kick it back out to somebody. That's all we need from you. Grab some ENTs Guys, and if you wanna make, if you wanna make all your off-season videos, make them I, if I'm paying Ben Simmons the minimum I'm okay with it. If I'm paying $43 million a year from not is. Okay.


This episode is brought to you by Redfin. I love looking at real estate. You could be in the market to buy or rent, whatever it is. You might just like scrolling around seeing what's out there. You might like check it out neighborhoods, then go into Google Earth and then checking out the overhead thing in the neighborhood. I don't know, whatever floats your boat, you might like looking at big mansions on the water in Massachusetts. I can either confirm or duh, I've never done that. Whatever reason you're looking, I recommend the Redfin app. Redfin, it's gotten better every single year. It makes it fun to search all the homes for sale apartments for rent in your neighborhood. Filter for price, beds, bath square footage, so much more. And if you find a place you love, Redfin makes it really easy to go see it in person. Schedule a tour right now from the app. Plus if you're looking to sell Redfin agents know how to get you the best price possible for your home. That's because they closed twice as many deals as other agents. And with the listing fee as low as 1%, Redfin's fees are half of what others often charge, which means you'll have more money to put toward your next home. So Whether you're looking to buy, rent or sell, Redfin's got you covered. Download the Redfin app to get started.


This episode is brought to you by LinkedIn in basketball, blockbuster trade can make or break your playoff run before the deadline. GMs across the league scour for the right data and insights, hoping their moves pay off. February 6th trade deadline this year by the way, just like in basketball, growing your small business in 2025 all comes down to how well you can build your team. That starts with better insights from LinkedIn with unique skills and interests to the connections you have in common. LinkedIn has the strongest hiring data and insights to help you identify the right professionals so you can make the best hiring decisions. LinkedIn pairs you with the high quality candidates you need to make your business grow and flourish. LinkedIn also lets you go beyond candidates who are actively applying in a given week. 171 million LinkedIn members aren't actively seeking jobs, but they are open to new opportunities who isn't? That's a big pool of people You don't wanna miss out on. And who knows, one of them could be your next all star player. So hire smarter in the new year. Find your next grade. Hire on LinkedIn. Post your job for free at LinkedIn dot com slash simmons. Once again, LinkedIn dot com slash simmons to post your job for free terms and conditions. Apply


some quick storylines quickly. Is John Marin ever gonna be John Marin again? Awesome question. Awesome question. Yeah, he's still young enough but I've been worried this year you 34 games. He is missed 22, he's averaging 20 a game. 30% from three free throw attempts down to 5.9. They're 2311 with him, 14 and eight without him. And there's moments and flashes, but I was kind of expecting more from this season. We'll see, maybe this, this is why maybe Memphis could be the late bloomer, even though they have a good record.


Could he just go on a heater the next 20 games and look like Jagan? But that's, it's not the guy from three years ago, I'll tell you that much. At least not yet. No, it isn't. And I, I do wonder if it's kind of like the, the disruptive pattern for him. Like, hey, he's back. He's not back. But I know they'll rest him sometimes in there as well. It just, it feels like a 25. Like I'm not there yet, but watching it, I'd like to Yeah, yeah. Be good for four weeks in a row With you. Yeah. Put up like a 28 and 10 for a month. So I'm watching that and it's hard to take Memphis seriously not knowing what we're getting from that dude. Even though I love, like Jaron Jackson I think's been one of the big winners of this season.


I thought he went up a level, it's noticeable. He's gonna, he's an all NBA guy for me right now. Next Ja Was really gonna against to Orlando because Orlando never changed his defense the entire time. So that was good. Cleveland versus OKC for home court. 46 and 10 versus 45 and 10 taping it before both of their games today. But I think that's the storyline at some point. 'cause one of those teams could get to game seven and those are the only two teams left. Same thing for MVP where it's SGA versus it seems like SGA is kind of got locked up because minus 500 it would take a lot at at this point. Next one, this is specifically for you. Can the Pistons, how frisky can we get? How much frisk should I be prepared for?


Do I need to put on a frisky jacket to to combat their their friskies right now Are you, are you suggesting a seasonal friskies update ranking? What do you think the record is in their last 28 games? Last 28, I'll say 18 and 10, 19 and nine last 20 games. They're seventh and net. Cade Cunningham, your guy, you never gave up on 'em. You own the most amount of stock. You were just buying other people's stock when they were down and he's averaging 25 and nine and has, if we kept track of who was the best player in that game as an award, I feel like he would have about 25 of them, 20 of them, 19 of them, 22, somewhere in there.


But he's been awesome and they can rebound and they're tough. That's what I like. They're tough. It's a tough like kind of, it's a veteran team and with some wild cards beef stews out there, there's some elbows they'll fucking Go. You see dunk the other night. What was it Just he almost got like horizontal to the ground like at rim level. I don't know what was going on because I was watching, I forget what show I watched again, sports consultants available per diem. Yep. I guess you should say pro rata. But there was a show the other day I was watching where they were showing like something from track and field.


Like there was a track and field meet and they were showing the high jumper and he was like jumping over the thing where he would like there was no fosbury flop. He just jumped Yeah over it. Oh my god. Really? Yeah. So there was no one apparently on the set that would've been like, Hey, you realize no one would ever do HighJump this way? Yeah. And they didn't do it. And if you had had Durin out there, he'd be like, this is how you do it. Because it looked like he was trying to high jump the rim when he hit the dunk. I am so happy. I think scholars will look back at the Zach Cram Cade Cunningham tablets as the turning point of his career because Zach did a piece that was like lit him up. Like hey, this is who this dude is. An incredibly high volume inefficient dude who may not have like one go-to thing.


That's all that great. And it feels like from that point on he became the player we all thought he could be. So I think the tablets will be a turning point on his. Interesting. Yeah, maybe he'll get invited to the hall of fame. The when Cade goes, I actually was, I've been sketching out all NBA every week just for as an exercise. Good for you. Getting those reps in when no one's looking and Just part of the pod process. I have Cade, I think, I think there's a real case for him for second team on NBA right now. Who are your four guards? Well you figure Mitchell like SGA Mitchell or First team and Brunson's gonna be second team.


And if you're gonna, if you're gonna go at least a little traditional and say I wanna put a guard as my fourth, you know ba basically the fourth guard and second team on ba, it's between him and Edwards. And I think that's really it. What about Kyrie Kyrie's in there and Curry's in there if you're, if you're betting on the curry bump, I had Kyrie and Curry and Edwards all 13. But I mean it's all like I didn't really, I spent five minutes on it but I was just, I was like hmm, I wonder where Kate is. And Cade to me with what he's done with Detroit, they lose Ivy and they somehow keep going and how hard he plays every night. I, I'd have trouble leaving him off second team right now it's him or Edwards and you could talk me into Edwards 'cause of the defense and, but you know they have the same rec teams have the same record and you could say Edwards has more talent so at least it's a good argument.


So anyway, Cato would have on there. So the reason I wanted to mention them though is 'cause I, I think they're gonna be kind of a bitch in the playoffs just for one round. I don't, I don't necessarily think they're gonna beat the Knicks. I just think they're gonna be really physical, super excited to be there and they have a really good guy at the end of these games who's not afraid of whoever the best guy on the other team is. And it's an unusual succeed for a conference that I think is pretty awful once you get past the first four. It's amazing what shooting can do when you have like a, A guy's gonna have the ball in his hands as much as Cade, you know, because I've watched an Orlando game recently and we all love Paolo.


I think that established and whenever I watch him I just think of like there's just not enough spacing because Suggs is out, right? This is too hard. It's like if there was ever a team that would love a prime stretch five pingus to balance out all the other stuff the guys could do and you know, it's not like they had this massive overhaul this off season because all the young assets essentially are still there. Although Killian, how about his possessions in passing the other night was, was KLC wrong or just early summer are Asking KC still? He never gave up a stock. He still hold on Killian back in the league. Just the simplicity of a little bit more spacing.


You know, it's what every team maybe there's just not enough shooting to go around but every team should aspire to do that 'cause it's just different. Your job is different now as this primary ball handler when there's just some people that you have to worry about and look last night's Denver game's a perfect example. The Lakers did not worry about any of those other guys all night. Hmm. So couple more sub pots and then we'll go. I mentioned the all NBA battles. What's weird is the top five seem like they're locked in unless a Mitchell Brunson development can happen. But I don't know how Mitchell's, if Cleveland's gonna have the best record in the east and maybe the best record in the league, he's probably gonna be first team anyway. Worst rookie of the year race in a while.


Castle's. Castles minus 1 75 on FanDuel. It doesn't even start for, I went to the game Thursday, I didn't start 10th playoff spot Russian roulette in the East. Orlando seven Miami eight A game and a half back. Atlanta nine at 26 and 30. And then you have three teams that legitimately don't wanna even make the playing game. Chicago at 10 22 and 34. Philly 20 and 36 now and then or 35 and then Brooklyn 2035, Chicago, Philly and Brooklyn I don't think wanna be in the playoffs. Maybe Philly's just gonna have to stumble into it. You Realize though this top like they're, they have the the sixth worst record right now.


Imagine if they tank and they end up with the seventh pick and it goes to O kc which Is almost what happened at Dallas that year. And then Dallas ended up keeping the pick and getting lively. Remember they were right on the edge. Yeah. And everybody lost their minds 'cause they didn't want to be a 10 seed when it was like actually smart For I was one of them right here. I know. Yeah right here I'm looking right at at you. I was talking about you right Here, Right here. Who gives a shit? Are you still bothered? Do you ever drive around? You going down Sunset, you're like, I'll tell you what though, fucking masks a couple years ago, have you done zero times? I I still stand by my foundation. You know what I, I look back my playbook and the thought process was you have Luca, you always have a chance. If that guy's in your team the next year they made the finals. Was I wrong?


I think the criticism was outsized for what they actually were doing. Yeah, okay. I have no idea who's gonna be the 10 seed and what'll be funny as if it ends up being Chicago, which I think would be the team I would bet on out of those three Chicago team that openly tried to sabotage their own team at the trade deadline and, and still might make the playoffs. So you have that. Then you have Tank of Palooza, the Cooper flag stuffs heating up. Washington has a four four win lead over everyone else. They have nine wins. New Orleans, Utah, Charlotte, Toronto, Philly is our, our top six and Utah's hilarious. 'cause every once in a while they look really good. Like I watched some of the, some of the Houston game and Houston was really trying to win and Utah's like, nah we're gonna do this and and watch this and then we'll do this.


And they just look really competent from time to time And I don't know how they're gonna fuck up but they seem pretty happy where they are. Or then they'll run a play where Kete George in that Lakers game that I was at, I almost tweeted it out like will you remember where you were when they came out of a timeout in Kete? George threw up a left-handed floater in the lane. I think it was actually a left, left-handed jumper. Maybe it wasn't out of a timeout. There was another play out of a timeout where I think they turned the ball over immediately. They have a lot of on ball guys with confidence. I'll say that about the Utah Jazz. But who do you want to have win? If you could go right now win because I mean if you think Scoot and Cooper flagged the next 10 years over under three and a half titles, Trying to think how many did the mid eighties Lakers win?


They won five Nine finals and 12 years. Listen, if thi this season, if any great thing happened through 50 games other than Dallas making the dumbest trade I've ever seen, we might be alive with Scoot, we haven't talked about this on a pod. We might be alive, We might be. There's it's still breathing. Breathing. There's enough there. And he is young enough that I feel okay this isn't like where I was mentally, you know, a month and a half ago with this where it felt like a sunk cost. Now I'm, you know, he's gotten better.


He's Getting so big Last thing and Dallas got killed as we were tap this golden state. But they're not getting their bigs back until the first week of of March. What do you, where do you have them in your head? Because that's another subplot for the last 30 games. I'll probably like 'em better than the Clippers. I Might even, I have buddy. Yeah I might even like him better than hug. Here's the thing, I liked them. I liked the healthy them. I thought they were better this year before all this trade stuff. Like they were always a team that I had to say don't, don't lose sight of them with all of this Lucas stuff. Like I think Denver paid this weird Aaron Gordon Price where people were looking at what they were doing or what they weren't doing.


And you go, I don't really care. Like if Aaron Gordon's gonna miss this many games, he's so important to what they do. Let's see what they look like when they get him back. And clearly Luke is even beyond that and eighties even beyond that for Aaron Gordon on that part of it. So I, I think you still have to keep it open for them even though, I mean imagine having three centers like this that you would feel so good about and none of 'em are playing. Well the good news for them is it looks like they're gonna keep the 10 seed no matter what happens unless Phoenix gets their shit together, which I don't think will happen. And I didn't make Wendy a subplot because we already know how that's gonna gonna play out. It's such a bummer. I thought San Antonio was kinda lurking as a party crasher for maybe a nine or a 10 seed.


But now that one's shot and they're gonna sink back and the Mby thing is a bummer. We don't, there's really not a lot to say about that one. So if I had to bet so Sacramento you would have as a 10 seed, 30 games left. Is there anything you've seen from Sacramento that got you excited since all the trades? I don't, I don't think it's gonna be, you think it's gonna be San Antonio in the 10? No, I think San Antonio's out. Yeah, I have Phoenix and San Antonio out And I have Sacramento as as the 10. I think that's how that plays out. Yeah and maybe Dallas passes them and becomes the 10 and Sacramento's nine. But I think that's something, it looks something like that.


I think it's Sacramento. I mean at least with Sacramento I kind of know what I'm getting, you know? I know it's a good See Saboni and Valentini back for you. I've loved it. Excited to see those guys. I know you watch a lot of Lithuanian Olympic tape. All right, any other subplots before we go that you care about? No, I care about you sending me a deep dive thing that you've been just YouTubeing and out like a high school kid with no friends and Did that really quick. I Do because I have one for you. Okay. 'cause you gave me the assignment, mine will be quick but I know you really wanna do this so go for it. No, I asked you, I said we should talk at, at the end of the pod or near the end of the pod every Sunday about one rabbit hole we fell into over the course of the week.


'cause I think we both fall into rabbit holes, either a book Rabbit Hole or some sort of YouTube or somebody sends you a video and you're like, what's that? And then you're watching seven of them. I really wanna talk about this Lorne Michaels book I was reading, but we don't have to do that today. So somebody sent me a Reddit thread about the Silver Springs performance by Fleetwood Mac in 1997 in the dance. I dunno if you're familiar with this. I'm not. I mean I'm, you know, look who doesn't love a little Fleetwood Mac in the background, but go for it. Well, so this is why, this is why the deep dives so much fun.


So Stevie Nicks and Lindsay Buckingham, they're together as a band in the early seventies and then they end up joining Fleetwood Mac, right? Both of them together. And they're dating and they're in a hot relationship and they write the first album, they're together Rumors, the most famous album they made. They broke up as they're making that album. And then a couple other people in the band broke up too. Basically everybody in the band's breaking up with something with their dating in the band. And that's what the album becomes. So they cut out Silver Springs, which is this song she wrote about Lindsay Buckingham and they cut it outta rumors. It's a great song. They put it on the B side and said, and it becomes one, you know, one of the biggest albums ever.


But Silver Springs is the B side and she's mad about it forever 'cause it's one of her best songs. So when they do the dance now they've broken up Lindsay's with somebody and they go on stage and they do this and they rehearse it and she's playing it the same. But then when they do it for the actual concert film in the album, she, she really gets into it and starts like kind of staring him, giving him some side eye stares as she's doing it all performative. I Think I've seen this, It's one of the best clips on YouTube is Stevie Nicks by the last like minute and a half of the song and he's just playing and now she's like turning over and walking toward him and she's now like, and her eyes are starting to bulge out and she's like, you'll never forget, I forget the lyrics, the, the voice of the woman that haunts you.


And she's just like yelling it out and he's just like, all right, cool. And he's just playing the guitar then Well made that must've made him want to get back together. Well and then at the end she's like, the lyrics in the song are, you'll never get away from the voice of the woman that loves you. And she's like, you'll never get away. You'll never get away. And she's like, and it's a thing and it's become an, ever since YouTube popped up, it's become a thing. So, and then there's all these theories about the performance, how much of it was performative, how much it was a staged, this Reddit thread that I got sent was about how they're preparing to do this comeback thing and they might've gotten involved a little bit again. And because they have these different interviews where they're talking about what a good place they're in and they're, they have interviews together where they seem a little lovey-dovey and maybe, maybe some sparks will fly, maybe not.


But then by the time they do the dance, it's clear to her that she, that he's with somebody else, like for whatever, because here's the piece, he has a kid the next summer. So this is what the thread was about Evidence. By the time that evidence says usually good evidence, yeah. With somebody else, by the time they do this performance, he probably knew they were having the kid. And this was when it maybe died for Lindsay. So the theory wa well for Stevie. So the theory was when she's singing this, it's like within a few weeks of after she found out maybe they don't have a chance to get back together and she's pouring it on in the thing. But it's a legendary YouTube clip. Anyway, I read, I spent an hour and a half reading everything I could read about this on the internet yesterday at two 30 in the morning Boston time.


I think that's time well spent. Thank you. That's good because I'll get into a band, whether it's new or something I wanna revisit and I'll be like, all right, I'm gonna read about Dwayne Allman for an hour. You know, so I actually do kind of like this stuff. It's the seventies music stuff. Everybody's got a story that is at least worth an hour of your time that goes in a bunch of different directions. The other thing I found out was there's a 1977 performance of Silver Springs. 'cause people thought they never really played it that much. That's on YouTube in black and white of like an original performance of her. Like right after they broke up singing it. So I watched that too.


Anyway, 'cause I'll Go through some like talking head phases. I love them And I, I like 'em so much that you know, again it's, I'm not gonna get to experience it the way people get to experience when it first happened. But I always think like I'm having Les Claypool of Primus on at some point here soon who's generally considered one of the best, best players of all time. And you know, in the beginning with Primus you were just like, what the fuck is this? And I'm, I'm so fascinated to think of like what it was like when Les Claypool's like, well I wanna make the bass the feature thing and I'm gonna sing these songs and they're gonna be a little different and my voice is probably not the most traditional rock star kind of voice. But then once you kind of buy into the whole thing, you just appreciate how great the music is and how great he is. But I can't imagine how many people told him in the beginning like, are you kidding?


This isn't gonna work. And when I think about the talking Heads, like I just imagine was New York so cool because I read that Please Kill Me punk book about just punk and New York. I read New York City. Yeah. And I, I'm glad I read it and I'm also like it was so disgusting that I couldn't, you know what I mean? Like I'm gonna get through This. It was like too Grizzly. It was so gross in so many spots And I certainly don't feel like a prude. But after a while you're like, alright I got it. It was a weird time. Wait, Can I read you Silver Springs lyrics really quick and then you go to your deep dive? Yeah, but you have to s it Just s just a couple samplings. No I'm not ing you have to sing it. Oh Time cast a spell on you but you won't forget me.


I know I could've loved you but you would not let me. I know that. And Then later I'll follow you down to the sound of my voice will haunt you. Give me just the chance you'll never get away from the sound of the woman that loves you. This is when she kicks it up in the, in the performance and then the end is was I such a fool, I'll follow you down to the sound of my voice will haunt you. Give me just a chance you'll never get away from the sound of a woman that loves you And then it just keeps going and going and going. Yeah. Anyway, it all played out on stage and it's amazing and it's one of the best YouTube clips your stream, You your man, you man whore I think too in there.


No I don't remember that part. Okay. Yeah. So I referenced her, I think at the very top I'm reading all three volumes of Susan Wise Bowers, the first one's the history of the ancient world And I just love it. She's a complete pragmatist about things. And I'm going through some of the early Egyptian dynasties and so I just finished the chapters on the pyramids And I don't understand why people love conspiracy so much. I know it's conspiracy bill, this may be offensive to you, but usually there's a very simple the the Occam's razor, you know, what's the simplest explanation be like that's probably what it is, right?


So there was another author, a Swiss author named Eric v di Kin Donkin who wrote this book about how aliens essentially built the pyramids and he wrote this book in the sixties and it did really well. And then you know, you always kind of wondered like what the hell's going on over there in Egypt? And if I had a kid And I couldn't answer that, I, you know, again, it's probably why I'm not a parent feel you have a kid. No, but I feel like ill-equipped if I had had a kid it was like what's up with the pyramids? And I go, you know, shit, he's got me, I haven't done a ton of research And I want to just go based on this Swiss authors thing from the 1960s.


But Susan's explanation of it, like after you read literally two pages bill about the history of like how the pyramids get started, like one's small, it's six levels up. So the next guy's like, well mine's gotta be seven. And then the next guy's like, well I'm gonna do like eight. But then that one doesn't get finished, then another one doesn't get finished. Then there's another one called the Bent Pyramid where they're just kind of like moving them further away from everywhere after the previous one is built by the way. And that's called the bent pyramid because they realize halfway through construction that their angles are off and it's gonna be too steep and then it's not gonna hold up. So they have to like flatten it out a little bit. So there's physical visual evidence to this day of what would be kind of man's attempt at building these great works.


And she just goes like, look, this one was small then they tried to build this one, it didn't really work. This one was unfinished and then this one's like really screwed up. And yeah, they've done a good job with the corners and it's a massive undertaking, but they just basically asked their citizens based on the pharaoh's power of like, no, this is what we're doing dude. Like we're building it and we're moving these stones around and it can take forever but we're gonna leave, give you some water and maybe like a sarong or something. And then they master like any civilization, they become better at building these things. And all it took was like a couple pages for me to go, okay well that's the answer. Like that's it.


So now you're set. Yeah. So I'm gonna have a kid is my point. 'cause now I can answer that question. What you just laid out reminded me of what happened in Vegas when they were building the casinos and the themes got stupider and stupider and they were like, we're gonna have a casino. It's it's New York. New York, it's gonna be like going to New York and a casino. And then somebody else would be like, whoa, how I'm gonna make a casino called Aladin. And we just go and it's like you, it's like a being in a fantasy and then somebody else was like, I'm gonna create Paris and it's just gonna be like going to Paris except not. And then somebody else said, I'm doing Venetian and it's gonna be like going Italy.


And some of these casinos stayed and then other ones just, you know, failed miserably. That's a really good, it's exactly. Well it's not exactly, 'cause I don't think anybody's ever accused despite some of the weird Vegas stuff of ever being built by aliens. But like not being educated on it and going, yeah, what is going on? Is it, is it actually a perfect representation of all this mathematical stuff? Is it a reflection of the stars? Like all of these theories that I've heard over and over again. And then I never thought of like the simplest approach to it is that right here's the first one, here's the second one, third, fourth, and like by the time I think it's like the sixth or seventh one, it's like okay now we've really got this thing locked in because we've been trying to build these things for years and years.


And you go, oh wow, all right. Yeah that actually makes a ton of sense. I wonder if that's gonna happen with NBA trades where the KED trade was basically your version of them completely fucking up that last pyramid before they got better at it. Or maybe the Luca trade will be the last one and then we'll just get, get better at trades from that point on. Maybe not, That'll never happen. Now they'll still mess up some pyramids, They'll probably still mess up some trades. It's 2025 and Luca just got traded. That should have been a 1975 We Trade Go. Yeah It was really funny sitting next to my dad 'cause he's like an old married couple with the Celtics team 'cause he is been watching these guys so long and so like the start of the second quarter, Jalen Tatum's out and it's gonna be like Jaylen's five minutes where it's like that part of the concert where it's like Keith Richards has a new song for you and he's gonna come out and play lick his song And my dad's just like, watch this, Jaylen's just gonna, he's just gonna try to get some shots off like this.


This is, well just watch what's gonna and and it was like he knows the team, he's been going to the games too long. He knows like every part of it. And it was just really funny 'cause our record is like 39 and 15 and we won the title last year and it just proved to me my 77-year-old dad, you're just never gonna be happy with sports. He's complaining about Jalen who's awesome I think because they get older and I'm going through this a little bit with my dad where like he'll complain about something sports related And I just go, what? What are you talking about man? Like what do you not, do you not watch? Does your father not watch enough like other games? Will he watch other NBA games in a non seltzers life? No. Well He'll watch, he'll watch the TTA BBC sometime, but he watches every Seltz game which is yeah kind of adorable.


'cause that's how he finds out sometimes about other teams. Like guys like he went to see Weby right before the break and it was his first Weby game and it was just his scouting report really made me laugh 'cause it was like, he's so long, He's not wrong. You Think you have him and then he blocks it. I was like, yeah, yeah, that's what it's like. I think it's a common thing with guys past a certain age is they're just so much older. They're selfish, they're incredibly selfish about what they want from their sports teams. Yeah. And I don't know if it's counting down the years, I'm not trying to be like morbid about this, but it's, it's possible It like my father can be so incredibly difficult.


Like I went to a sporting event for him and now meanwhile the guy hasn't had to pay for a ticket 'cause I've helped him. Yeah. You know, which I'm happy to do as a payback for all the years that he took me to all the games growing up. But like if the Celtics get up big, he'll want the other team to make a run for his soul under team just to make more fun. Yeah. And I'll just be like, hey you can't, you can't fucking be doing that. All right. Like you can't, you can't be rooting on the other team for this five minute window. And he is like, I only get to a couple of these a year. It's like, well you know what, you didn't pay for anything. The seat is awesome and you need to not root for the calves for six minutes just so you get not only a win but a close one.


Yeah. Well I like what the older fans, how cut and dry it becomes. Like my dad just wanted the Red Sox to sign Bregman. He's like, we need a right hand hitter. He is gonna be getting Fenway. He looked up no stats None. He Had no, there was no Babi, there was no average Annual salary Home road splits. These Guys don't care. No, he is like we need a right hand hitter. And he's been really good in Fenway. He can't, you know, he can't lay down any of the stats of Bregman actually in Fenway. But that's just where he stands and that's the way it is. Yeah. See that's, that's always like the funny thing with, you know, we're terrible because we live it, but your dad, And I don't even mean your dad or my dad, but everybody listening to this right now, like your dad's advanced scouting is if the guy had two doubles in like a three game series, once it's The Doc Rivers as a GM strategy of when I played Byron Mullins that time when he hit those threes, we gotta get 'em.


Was there any part of you that immediately looked up Bregman's deal and then compared it to the average annual salary of Mookie bets? No, I didn't do that. But I will say I didn't think it was, I looked at his stats and noticed that he hadn't had a really awesome year until since 2019, which made me nervous. But then MLB released their top a hundred players and he was like 57 And I was like, yeah baby Bregman kind of sucked me back a little bit. The Red Sox had four of the top hundred. Well I'm all over baseball America again, I renewed my subscription at been a for years. Right. The prospects just, yeah, I'm big farm. I mean that was my lunch reading for years and years. Little Christian Campbell, the Marcella Mayer, Derek Barton, the Roman Anthony.


Yeah. The Bregman thing pissed me off just because I can't think of any transaction without Mookie. I'm surprised I would say 38-year-old bill probably have 7 7500 words on the Mookie Luca thing. No, you know what I, I have 20 words for you right now. The Luca trade made me feel better about Mookie. It actually, it, it was a trade that was so much worse than the Mookie trade, which was reprehensible and awful. 'cause at least we won the title with Mookie. Like they never won the title with Luca. Then they traded him for, you know, they probably got more than the trade. But, but I, I really identified with the Mavs fans 'cause what they were feeling after the trade was like Red Sox fans on steroids and HGH how we felt with Mookie where you, you but at least with the Mookie thing we had time to prepare and it seemed, it seemed like it was headed that way for a year.


It's like, oh man, they're gonna fight. This is not gonna end well Luca, they had no idea. No, there was a lot of preparation on the Mookie thing And I know it's not fair to do average annual salary 'cause the Bregman thing can be a one year deal. But you know, one of the things, things about like these commitments for these, these position players have historically been so bad in baseball with him you figure he was gonna age right? And you just go like, look what his deal will be in seven years average annual salary compared to like what you're signing for now. And then what it'll be his salaries keep going up. Although, you know, that's another topic that we could probably spend a lot of time on. 'cause I thought that ESPN baseball news was crazy. Like, it was like, wow, you guys are actually opting out of live rights, you're gonna do it.


And then Manfred just daggers, We, we didn't wanna be in a declining platform or whatever. He said that, I couldn't believe that. But you know, he's, he's setting the table because he needs to negotiate with other people and he's trying to make it seem like ESPN was a bad partner and that's why our ratings were down 'cause they didn't push the game. I get why he did it. It's just really unusual. But I, I think baseball's a local sport And I think we've known that for 10 years and you And I have personally talked about it 10 times. I don't think people wanna sit, oh it's Sunday night, I'm gonna watch the Cincinnati Reds play the Milwaukee Brewers. Like nobody's doing that. And if they're doing it, they're 60 years old Mean do you remember when you used to do it?


'cause I did it religiously. Yeah. It didn't matter who was playing. It was Sunday night baseball And I couldn't wait. Yeah. Days are over. Alright, we gotta go Celo. Good to see you. We'll see you next Sunday and, and next Sunday when, when Celtic City starts the last segment of the pod, we're gonna do some sort of topic based off of whatever the first episode was. So that'd be good to get some Celtics content in the pod fired up That that's what the people wanted. They kept asking. Good to see you Priscilla. Good To see you. Alright, that's it for the podcast. Thanks to Priscilla, thanks to Kyle and Ceridian and GA as well. Don't forget you can watch this as a video podcast. You can also check out quips on the Bill Simmons YouTube channel. We have a new rewatch Wells coming on Monday night that is a video podcast as well on Spotify.


And you can check out The Ringer Movies YouTube channel for entire videos of that as well. I'm gonna see you on Tuesday, enjoy the next couple days and I'll see you Tuesday. Must be 21 plus in President select states for Kansas and affiliation with Kansas Star Casino or 18 plus in president DC.


Gambling problem, call 100 gambler. Visit rg help.com. Call 1 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org/chat in Connecticut. Or visit md gambling help.org in Maryland. Hope is here. Visit gambling helpline ma.org or call 803 2 7 50 50 for twenty four seven. Support Massachusetts. Or call 1 8 7 7 8 HOPE ny. Or text HOPE NY in New York.