(3s):
The Chuck Wagon is here. That's right. Charles Barkley Deck.

(7s):
This episode is brought to you by Michelob ULTRA, a superior light beer. Michelob ULTRA good for so many things. Camping barbecues cheering on your favorite team. But it's especially great to have while watching a basketball game or while sitting outside on a nice summer night. Thinking about a basketball game, people you know, they'll, they'll mess around with the Michelob Ultras. Maybe they'll put a little orange slice on it. Maybe they'll pour it in A nice, cold, frosty mug. I'm a bottle guy. I like bottles. I like grabbing the Michelob ULTRA like drinking outta the bottle. I've actually, as I've been getting older, I went through a phase where I wasn't drinking a lot of beer. Now I feel like I'm drinking as much beer as I have in a long time, especially during the summertime. And Michelob. ULTRA is perfect. Well, it may not be basketball season yet. The preseason will be here before you know it. So make sure you stack up while you can Order a pack of Michelob b ULTRA today. Have it delivered through doordash.com. Enjoy it responsibly. Copyright 2024 Anheuser-Busch Michelob B ULTRA Registered Light Beer, St. Louis, Missouri.

(1m 10s):
This episode is brought to you by Buffalo Wild Wings. Go take out and delivery from Buffalo Wild Wings is now Buffalo Wild Wings go. I like it. And for a limited time, you can get 10 free boneless wings from Buffalo Wild Wings. Go When you spend $15 and use promo code, go boneless. My favorite. By the way, this makes it easier for you to try more of BWS sauces. They have a crazy amount of sauces and dry rubs, as you know. If you've ever been there, there's like 26 of them. Man, how do I narrow it down to a favorite? I like Nashville Hot. I like the original Buffalo. I'm an original Buffalo guy. Orange Chicken. Underrated. They have a bunch of 'em. Go look. Order Buffalo Wild Wings. Go right now while you watch the games this football season. And enjoy your 10 free boneless wings. And I'm gonna recommend the Nashville Hot, 'cause I like the hot. you can get the Nashville hot sauce while you're at it, at participating locations for a limited time when you order in the Buffalo Wild Wings web or app.

(2m 14s):
We're also brought to you by The Ringer. Podcast Network. I put up a new re watchable on Monday. We did Night Shift, Michael Keaton's first movie. It made him a star. It made him one of the best comedy actors of the eighties, which he doesn't get credit for now because, you know, he became Batman. He's been around for a long, long time. But I love this movie and it was me and Chris Ryan breaking all of it down. you can also watch it on The Ringer movies channel on YouTube. you can follow this podcast on the Bill Simmons channel on YouTube. Me and Sal did, what did we do over Runners for the AFC and the NFC? We did our favorite future bets, which was super fun.

(2m 54s):
We did Guest Alliance for week one. And now what's becoming a tradition here on the BS podcast? Charles Barkley coming on football. Basketball's pro. All right. Football season is here, which means we have to have Charles Barkley, the world's worst football gambler, top 20 worst football gambler.

(3m 36s):
Where do you rank? It depends on how good the team plays. Hell, every gambler knows the team gotta play good or bad. Hey man, I'm right right now, I'm not gonna lie. Like two weeks ago it was the, the game over in Ireland. That was my first bet of the year. Yeah. And then last week it's full blown. And now starting tomorrow with Thursday night football, which I'm not gonna touch that game because I have zero idea what's gonna happen. Well, that's never stopped you before. Yeah. But I like to have some information going on. So starting last weekend, I was good to go.

(4m 16s):
I'm staying away from that Brazil game. Can you imagine? Gonna Brazil and just, they're like, you can't leave your hotel room for three days and then you still have to play a football game. Too many variables. I don't like it. Yeah, but you know, the Eagles got a lot at stake. You know, last year was a disaster and they got some jobs riding on the line, man, because if they have another bad year, heads are gonna roll. Yeah, I mean, they fired after he won a Super Bowl. Right? I mean, can you imagine if they go from losing the Super Bowl to tanking last year, getting stumped in the playoffs and have another bad year? So I'm really looking forward to the season because I think, I think they're gonna be great.

(4m 57s):
I don't think they're gonna be good. I think they're gonna be great. Really, You're, yeah. So you're, you're doubling down on the Eagles. I'm surprised there hasn't been a lot of Eagles love in this off season. Well, you know, I'm a Eagles fan. I know. And I think it's just my personal opinion. I'm not a football expert, but I think the coach really screwed up last year personally. What I think, because when he lost the offensive and defensive coordinator, he just hired his buddies. Right? And I was like, I don't know if that's a good idea. Even if you gonna hire them, you still look at other people. Because I think, I think that's what a mistake. Because you know, one thing they don't do in the NFL, they don't fire coordinators during the regular season.

(5m 39s):
They fired both of theirs in the middle of the season, which never happens. That never happens. Yeah. There Almost has to be like a HR violation for that happen or Something. Yeah. So, so, so I think, I think he made a mistake. I'm a, I'm a fan of his, but I think that when he just, instead of like those, both of those guys got head coaching, George, well let you know, they were terrific coaches, but I don't think you just hired a next man up. Even if you do that, you bring in other candidates because you just never know. Do you think when the Eagles won the Super Bowl that changed the psyche of Philly fans at all? Or they just as crazy as they always were? No, no.

(6m 19s):
Philadelphia is a great sports town. It's kind of like, I tell people I, I spent my first eight years on the East Coast in Philly, and no, no disrespect to the Lakers fans and the Bears fans are great, but New York, Philly and Boston, they're, there's, it's a different animal. I mean, they love their sports. Like, like I say, I played in Philly, I played in Houston, I played in Arizona. But you know, I know all the guys on different teams and I'm a big sports fan. Yeah, there's some about the East Coast, like I say, I think New York and Boston and Philly, man, as far as fans, they are, they love you.

(7m 1s):
if you, they love you. if you give 10%, you, you'll set for life if you win. But I think there's a different type of intensity on the East Coast fans. That's just my opinion. I think it's weather related, at least like 70%, because you know, the weather's gonna suck for like five, six months. You, you played in Phoenix, where it's either super nice or it's 200 degrees and you have to get the F outta there. But la same way. The weather's nicer all the time. It's hard to get too bad about anything. What's really crazy, bill, what you said, I've actually said that before. Yeah, I do. I I think some of the animosity or anger toward teams and other fans, because they're stuck in the house for six, seven months a year.

(7m 48s):
Yeah. And they have, do I tell people, when I got trade to Phoenix, it was really surreal because it was like in October, November and December in Philly, you're like, shit, it's cold. I'm staying in the house. Right? Like, you don't want, like, you go to practice and you go home, but you're like, no, I don't wanna go outside because go, once it's cold, it's always cold. You don't never have like a day where it's like 75 degrees in the middle of the winter. Right? But like when I got trade to Phoenix, you're like, oh no, no, no, it's 72 degrees. I've got to go do something. Like I don't, on a off day, you're like, no, no, I gotta do something.

(8m 31s):
So I hundred percent agree with you on the weather aspect. Well, because like Minnesota's cold, buffalo's cold, Detroit's cold. Big places get cold. I think the difference with the New York, Phil, But they got, but you, you, you just named two of the best fan bases in sports, right? Like the Vikings fans and the Buffalo, they're two of the best fan bases in, in sports, right? I mean, and, and players will tell you that's done like playing in Minnesota or Buffalo. They, those are two of the best fan base. And it's got, I do, I agree with you. The weather is crazy, But more spread out in those places in the cities, you're on top of each other and you're just like talking to people and just getting mad about everything. It's also in the DNAI always felt like with Boston and Philly specifically, and, and that's why the Paul George move into Philly.

(9m 18s):
I, and I've said this on a pod, and people are like, oh, you're a Celtics fan. You're just saying that like, I really believe it. Paul George has played in Indiana, he's played in Oklahoma City and he's played for the Clippers, where literally in LA nobody cares about the Clippers. And now he's moving into Philly. And I don't think people, I, I don't think people realize how intense it's, especially compared to what he came from, you know? Yeah. But I think he has a huge advantage. Okay. He's only, he's only gotta be the third best player on the team. That's a really huge advantage for Paul because Joel is the guy, Maxie is the second guy. Paul only has to be the third best player.

(9m 58s):
Lemme tell you something, I said this at the beginning of last season. If Zen plays, well, nobody gonna beat the Celtics. I said that the entire season. I said, Hey, and, and Shaq was giving me a hard time, like he's never won anywhere. I says, I said, well, first of all, he had to be the number one guy or the number two guy in those other places. That's a whole different attitude. He only has to be the third best player in Boston than you see. He thrive in that position. There's nobody got a third. I mean, you could argue between him and Drew, who's the third best player, but as you saw in the finals, if he plays like that, like he played all season and stays healthy.

(10m 41s):
Yeah. Gonna be tough beat this year. The problem is, I'm not sure we're getting him until All Star break, because you know how it goes with NBA injuries? They're like, yeah, it should be December. I just add six weeks to whatever, when it's a long injury. I just add time to it. I never trust the teams when they Say, yeah. But I think that, I think the one thing the NBA did screwing up was pissing off Jalen Brown and Jason Tatum. I, I truly believe, oh, We're doing this now. I had that, let's go, let's Do it. No, no. I think, I think Jaylen's getting left off the Olympic team. Yeah. And Jason not playing. First of all, they were already terrific players already. Yeah. And I think both of 'em gonna have a red ass.

(11m 22s):
That's good for me though, right? I'm, I actually glad they got the chips on the shoulder after it. Oh, no question. That never happens. Question. No question. I think I tell people, I says, yo, man, I really think both of those guys, number one, they're the defending champs that's gonna take their confidence to another level. But the NBA found a way to piss both of 'em off this summer. How about that? I know, and I, Hey, all of the NBA can do that. Well, like, let's piss off two of the top 10 players in the NB, they're coming off a championship. Now, I don't seriously, I don't think maybe Isaiah Thomas was treated unfairly on a dream team, but I cannot think of any other scenario where the NBA pissed off two players more than they did this summer with Jason and Jalen.

(12m 14s):
I really believe that. Sincerely. Well, and you might add three, because Giannis got left off Christmas. They were like, yeah, you're not even a Christmas superstar anymore. And I, I think he's, he's putting the chips on his shoulder too. But back to the Tatum thing. So, and I haven't, I've been saving this for you, this take, so t Tatum in people in my life have given me a ton of shit about Tatum and Brown and Brown not making the team then Tatum not playing. And I did. I talked to a bunch of people, try to figure out what happened. You know, Tatum, they win. They, they go through the playoffs. The finals ends mid-June, they're celebrating for a week. He has a kid, he misses the first two practices.

(12m 56s):
There's only 14 USA practices, right? A bunch of the guys that were there had been knocked outta the playoffs in mid April, late April, beginning of May. So they come in, they're all fired up ad and bam get to play together and just Tatum, he can't make a couple shots. And then all of a sudden it just kind of goes sideways a little bit for him. I think those, those Olympics has a huge advantage to the guys who haven't been doing anything since April. Look at the four best guys in that team. Booker, LeBron ad Curry. Those guys were outta the fucking playoffs in April. And all they do for six games, that's my Jason Tatum defense. Charles Barkley, There's no reason Jason Tatum should have been planned, or Halliburton, they gave up their summer to represent their country.

(13m 43s):
There's not, there's, there's not gonna be a tremendous drop off. You're like, you know what? Maybe I should put Jason Tatum in the game. I'm like, you're not putting a second string guy in there. Right. Or, or Halliburton. You're not. Seriously, you're not dropping off. I thought they shoulda played more. And first of all, like, how do you play 12 guys in a basketball game, though? You know how stupid that is? Like, it's, there's only 40 minutes Every, they only played two real games. Yeah. Serbia and France. There was four other games they could have played before then that, like, Jason didn't play in two games. I'm like, come on. I, I'm not even sure Halton, I'm not, I only forget how many he played in that when they were playing Sudan the second time, the first time they was screwing around and barely won.

(14m 33s):
Yeah. But when they beat Sudan by 25, 30 points, come on, you can't get this kid five minutes. First of all, it's the Olympics. You're representing your country. Right. You wanna be part, you wanna be part of the team, you wanna be part of the Olympics. So like I say, I was disappointed, man, because Jason's a terrific player and a great kid. Yeah. And same thing with Halliburton. Well, the thing is, I think the mistake was trying to pick the 12 back because the woman's basketball team went through this too. you can only really play 10. So like when you were on the dream team, Layner was in one of the spots. You knew he wasn't gonna play. Bird was wearing a back brace. You knew he wasn't gonna play that much if it actually mattered.

(15m 15s):
And then Stockton got hurt during the playoffs, but you really only needed Nine. Yeah. But, but when we were blowing people out, those guys got in the game. Right. That's my point. Like Chuck always said, Hey, I'm gonna have this team gonna start in certain games. And I was for enough to be one of those guys. Yeah. But when we're on like Bird who had a bad back when we're up 60, he can go out there and say, Hey, I played in the Olympic. That's really cool. That's really special. Same thing with Christian Layner. Now can you pay 12 guys every game? Probably not. But when you up 40 points, you can't, like, you can't get a Halliburton and JT five to seven minutes.

(15m 56s):
First of all, I, I'm not even sure LeBron and KD like says, yeah, I don't wanna be out there and we up 50. That ain't no fun. Right. Play those other guys. So, so that was my only problem with the whole scenario. By the way, you in 1992 fit my Olympics theory. Your your ass got sent home. Did you, I don't even know if you made the playoffs that year, you were really ready for the Olympics as opposed to like, MJ and Pippin had played all through the playoffs and then you were awesome in the Olympics. This is my theory. It's actually an advantage when you go to the Olympics, you've been knocked out. The, the Olympics are the easiest thing to play. Well for you in 1992 it was No, but any year, the Olympics are the easiest thing to play.

(16m 39s):
Same thing for me in 96, man, the better players you play with players play, the easier the game is. Yeah. Because like when you a great player, you have to do most of the heavy lifting on your own team. The reason the Olympics I say is the easiest. I I'm the ball to like, I don't have to get every rebound. I'm passing the ball to a guy I know. Go make the shot. You're running the floor. Yeah. I just have to, I just like, I got no responsibility that I have to do. I know when I played for the six in the sun, I gotta get 24 to 10 rebounds every single night.

(17m 20s):
Yeah. You know, when you, yeah. When you far, you have to get your numbers every single night. We can't have no excuses, no bs. But on the Olympic team, I'm like, I just gotta get 12 points, six or seven rebounds. If, if I move without the ball, somebody gonna find me because I know they trust me. So, so the, the Olympics to me are always the easiest to play. I tell people that I still man the Olympics. So Olympics are like gonna summer camp. Well, it turned into fools gold for the Lakers fans and the Warriors fans because their guys look good in the, in the Olympics. And now they're like, see we could be contenders. And it's like, ah, it's probably a little bit different.

(18m 0s):
It's 82 game season and four play. Dunno if you were watching our show. I went off on the news media last year, made a lot of those clowns on espn. I'm like, every day for like three months are the Lakers and the Warriors contenders. I'm like, yo, man, I told y'all six months ago, the Lakers stink. The Warriors stink. Why do y'all talk? I did. I I did a whole politically I'm like, why are you guys on the other network? And some of the guys are friends of mine. Why do y'all keep telling us the Lakers and the Warriors are good? The Lakers think the Warriors stink. Think about that. And I, and I then when they both got beat in the so imaginary playoff bullshit bill that we made up to play in stuff.

(18m 47s):
Yeah. And then the Lakers win one game against Denver. I was like, see, now y'all do y'all thing on TV every day talking about the la I told you the Lakers stink and the Warriors stink. And right now they, they're not relevant either one of those teams going into the season. Yeah. Some of that comes from the producers, which you've, you've been pretty fortunate with in your whole Turner experience. Like Yeah. if you can't just do that for the hell of it. No, but I, I, I did those shows, they would tell I was doing TV during the years when, you know, the last kind of years of Kobe, when the Lakers were starting to go down and we were still leading with the Lakers. I know they just took co talk, Kobe talk to Lakers, talk to Nicks, like they're just trying to hit the three biggest teams.

(19m 31s):
And like I thought KC last year was probably the least discussed team of all the great teams. And then people were surprised when they looked good in the playoffs. Like casual offense. Well, I'll tell you what, and lemme tell you something as good as some, okay. So my sisters had a great summer. Yeah. We'll see. Well, well we'll see. That's true. But lemme tell you something, OKC had a great summer. They Did Because Caruso and Harden, lemme tell you something, man. They, they had the best summer. Well, and they came, they came damn close to beating Dallas. I was, they did. They beat, I was on that corner. I felt, and I said this and the Dallas fans were getting mad at me, but I, I felt like that series came down to like two rebounds in three shots.

(20m 16s):
And they were even that game six when they Washington in the corner. And it just, I thought, I thought OKC was close and they were two guys short and they got the two guys. They got the two guys two. And I think they got the two role players who are probably like, that's what you want when you have stars. You want guys who gonna do the dirty work. Right. And they went out and got the best probably two dirty work guys in the NBA. Well dirty work guys are back because of Drew and Derek White. I feel like, I feel like now everybody knows they need the dirty workout. Well, yeah, because you gotta understand something. Very few players wanna play on a team when they're not gonna get into shots. Yeah.

(20m 56s):
That's the key. And Derek White gonna get shots because they have to stop and brown. So that, that's what I tell people. I said, man, the dirty work guys are important because you, you, every team builds their team around stopping the stars. Yeah. And you have to make stars pass the ball. And Derrick White is always wide open and he, and like, and what you have to do in that situation, just shake his hand when it's over. Say, Hey, you know what, we're not gonna let Brown and Tatum beat us. Derrick White beat us. Let's just shake his hand. And, and same thing. And I'm, I'm a big through holiday fan if those guys beat us, because Tatum and Brown, they're gonna get X amount of points no matter what.

(21m 42s):
Yeah. You just can't let 'em go crazy. You have to pick your poison as we say, Hey, let's let Derrick White make these shots. Derrick White made those shots. And the S champs, same thing for, took such a load off those guys too because he was their best defender. And man, I tell you, there's no better three guy in the league in Port Zenga when he's healthy. I was just talking about him with somebody about, you know, he comes back for game five of the finals, but he's hurt and they're like, you can't make it worse. But he had a real impact on game five. I thought he was one of the reasons they were able to extend the lead and put Dallas away. But if he couldn't have played in that game, I don't that there's an alternate universe that of that series that I think Boston was a better team, but that could have been a scary thing if all of a sudden you're going back to Dallas for game six with a three nothing lead and you know, no Pingus, they shoot their wild with Pingus and then he's out for the rest of the finals because he played the one game.

(22m 45s):
I dunno it, it was a little bit, a little more heroic than maybe he got credit for trying to play because now he's out for seven months. Yeah. But I think he was already hurt, to be honest with you. And he was gonna have to have surgery no matter what. But that goes back to, we're talking about Jason Tatum and in the Olympics. Yo man, just lemme go out there and try. Lemme play. So I feel like I'm part of the championship. There's no doubt in my mind because Z's like, I really only played a game and a half. Lemme go out here. Even if lemme show These Guys. We, we, yeah. We let, lemme let these guys know that this means a lot to me. So I was proud of him because I think he's a good kid.

(23m 27s):
I think he's a heck of a player. And like I said, I said before the season, I says, especially once they got JR Holiday, I says, everybody's playing for second place. Yeah. This thing is over everybody playing for place, plain and simple.

(23m 42s):
Let's take you football fans. Oh yeah. The weight is over on FanDuel the n l's back. you can start this season with a big return on America's number one sports book. You'll get started with $200 of bonus bets guaranteed. And you place your first $5 bets. When you get a hunch in the middle of the game. you can check out the latest stats view, live, play by play, and so much more on the same page where you place your bet, put that $5, put it on a money line Underdog, Florida and Arizona. They're getting better than two to one odds in Buffalo. Or you can just do a little, like four or five team tees. Whatever you want. Knock yourself out. We're gonna be giving you a bunch of possible bets on Thursdays million dollar picks on this podcast. Visit FanDuel Bs that is FanDuel bs. Never waste a hunch. Make every moment more with FanDuel. An official sports book partner of the L You must be 21 plus and President Select states or 18 plus and President DC First online Real Money Wager Only five First deposit required bonus issued as non bonus bets, which expires seven days after receipt restrictions apply at sportsbook com. Call gambler, visit rrg help com.

(24m 60s):
This episode is brought to you by Michelob ULTRA, A superior light beer Michelob ULTRA good for so many things. Camping barbecues cheering on your favorite team. But it's especially great to have while watching a basketball game or while sitting outside on a nice summer night. Thinking about a basketball game. People you know, they'll, they'll mess around with the Michelob Ultras. Maybe they'll put a little orange slice on it. Maybe they'll pour it in a nice cold, frosty mug. I'm a bottle guy. I like bottles like grabbing the Michelob ULTRA like drinking outta the bottle. I've actually, as I've been getting older, I went through a phase where I wasn't drinking a lot of beer. Now I feel like I'm drinking as much beer as I have in a long time, especially during the summertime. And Michelob ULTRA is perfect. Well, it may not be basketball season yet, the preseason will be here before you know it. So make sure you stock up while you can order a pack of Michelob ULTRA today. Have it delivered through doordash.com. Enjoy it responsibly. Copyright 2024 Anheuser-Busch Michelob b ULTRA Registered Light Beer St. Louis, Missouri.

(26m 3s):
This episode is brought to you by TikTok. It has never been harder to parent your kids. You have less idea than ever what they're doing on their phones, on their computers, wherever it is. As teens start exploring online, it's natural that parents wanna make sure what they're seeing on TikTok is safe. So it's great that tiktoks family pairing feature lets parents link their TikTok account to their teens, helping ensure the content they're seeing is safe. This is a great ad. As a parent, you can restrict access to search, you can enable restricted mode to limit content that may not be age appropriate. And you can choose words or hashtags to filter from your teens feeds. Learn more at tiktok.com/guardians guide.

(26m 48s):
So when you look back at last season as we, you know, the, the, the upcoming season isn't that far away. When you look back at what happened last season, how it played out, the Celtics won pretty easily. They didn't really have a ton of challenges in the four rounds. There was a lot of injuries that went in their favor. The West was all over the place. How are you gonna remember that season? Because I, I think even after the playoffs ended, all of us were kind of like, eh, that wasn't that great of a, a playoffs. I can't tell if it was an anomaly or, or what We had the best record in the NBA. They really were, you know, engines a part of the game, but they had the best record in the NBA.

(27m 32s):
They had the best team in my opinion. I agree. You know, Jason and Jalen both were top 10 players Right Through holidays. Probably the most underrated player in the NBA. Derrick White is a, a terrific role player. Bazinga is man, you know, they, they call his nickname as a unicorn. Like when he's healthy, his defensive, like the one game, he was healthy, he had like three or four blocks. Game one the turn. Yeah. They turn game one and two. Let's see how the series goes to like, damn, the septics up 30, right?

(28m 14s):
I mean they, they went from zero to 60 so quick. Like he blocked three shots. Shots in the first half. That probably took the whole momentum away from it even being a competitive game. So no, you got The crowd in it too. Yeah. You, yeah. You gotta give those guys their flowers. I think I saw a stat only like three or four teams won, I think 90 something games in the history of the NBA. Yeah. It was 80 plus, right? Like I think their final record was like 80 and 21. Yeah. It's like less than Been done three or four times.

(28m 56s):
Yeah. And you know, you factor in, I think that Paz missed some games during the regular season. Yeah, I think Brown. I think Brown. He hurt his face and he missed a bunch of games. So you factor all that in. You are like, man, it's a really, really good team. But, but lemme tell you something, lemme ask you this question though. Yeah. When people, anybody give you bullshit about this Bill, you say to yourself, let's look at this Celtics team. Brown, Tatum, Bazinga Jr. Holiday. you can throw Derek White in there, Derek White in there.

(29m 37s):
Yeah. It's like five of the top 50 guys. Easily. Yeah. Easily. By any, on any list. On any list. And first of all, you, you can, you can actually stop at Brown and Tatum. Who else have two of the top 10 players in the NBA? I mean some people would say the Lakers. No. Well listen, that's go back to our original conversation. That's TV talk, Right? Because no other top 10, two players in the top 10 gonna be in the playin bullshit. Okay. Right. Lets think about that Or missed the playoffs. Lemme tell you. So the, the been great for the NB but it's not even a real thing.

(30m 17s):
So don't tell me they got two of the top 10 players. They in they in in imaginary playoffs. I mean they wouldn't have made the playoffs if we had, we didn't add teams to the playoffs. Right. So I don't really want to hear that of that because actions, the scoreboard speaks for itself. Yeah. It's almost like there's two different versions of what makes a list like that the best players. Because I do think LeBron, if it's like, you know, a playing game, if it's the Olympics, if it's the in-season tournament, if he can ramp it up for a week Yeah. He is one of the 10 best players. But I always feel like we discount durability and reliability during the course of regular season.

(30m 60s):
Like LeBron can't really play even 60 games a year anymore. Like he's gotta pick his spots and he's old. Yes. You know, and, and that the Tatum Brown thing, I always thought, I always thought that was the thing they never got credit for. It's like day in, day out, week in, week out, those guys are playing big minutes, big responsibilities, guarding the best guys in the other team. Then they're going into the playoffs playing three, four rounds, a hundred game seasons. Yeah. And they're playing 90% of them, which, you know, not even Giannis hasn't been able to do that consistently the last couple years. Yeah. And, and like I say, that's why I think, man, get those guys their flowers what they accomplished and Right. I don't wanna hear about who was hurt on the other team.

(31m 40s):
Let's be realistic Because we have that every year. Yeah. But lemme tell you something though. There's not one injury that you could mention and you say, oh, that team would've beat the Celtics. Okay. Yeah. if you, if you're gonna be fair, anybody who's having this conversation, you can't say to yourself, well this team Hada had this guy, man, they wasn't gonna beat the Celtics. They were not gonna beat the Celtics. Right. This year's gonna be harder because I think KC loaded up up Dallas got a taste of it. The West is better, the west is gonna be deep night after night after night. Milwaukee's gonna be motivated. Philly's back. The Knicks are better. And it, it reminds me a little, that 93 season you were in that first year you were in Phoenix.

(32m 24s):
Yeah. When just it seemed like everybody was good and it was like, holy shit. I could see like 10 teams winning the title. I do feel like the talent level is, is at that level again. Yeah. The Knicks have gone Miss Harden. No question. And they gotta figure out the Randall piece too. Like who are their best five at? They Gotta figure they, they gotta, that's a really big piece. That's a great point on your, your point. But the Joel LMB Paul George scenario, that's gonna be fascinating to watch because watch, I still think it's between them and the Celtics.

(33m 5s):
Hmm. Because let's get one thing straight. Y'all can talk. These people can talk all they want about the Knicks. I says the Knicks cannot beat the Pacers and they didn't. I says, because when I'm watching these games, I'm looking for matchups. I says, yo man, the Knicks are tough. I love Bronson, but they can't beat the Pacers. Right. And they didn't. And so I think you have to really be like, man, can anybody catch the Celtics? And there's question marks on the Sixers. I love what they've done. I root for the Sixers.

(33m 45s):
But let's be realistic. We're chasing the Celtics. Now your point on the Western conference, OKC I think got better. The math I think are gonna regress design situation in New Orleans and he get himself in shape. They Could be No wait, I mean it's year five of that conversation. I know. We gotta sit back and wait. Phoenix. I'm trying to think my sons, they got no identity and no leadership, But they did get better.

(34m 26s):
Right? The, I mean the Tys Jones thing, just getting him basically for free was, was nuts. Yes. They needed a point guard and They have a, and the coach I think is gonna be good for them too. Yeah. But you still gotta have leadership on your team Bill. You gotta have a style of play, you gotta have a leadership. The songs have not proven that he can do that yet. Well, so what do we make of Devin Booker at this point in his career then? Because I think we all feel like he's one of the best 10 to 15 guys in the league. He's a, he's a terrific player. He was perfect on team USA. He's been, he's been the best player in the finals team. Right. That was three years ago. Yes. But the whole dynamic of the team changed when Katie and Bill came there.

(35m 9s):
Yeah. You know, so, so now they gotta have leadership. He's gotta take the leadership role because I think he's reluctant because people assume that kds the best player. I said, but your best player don't have to. Kevin, Kevin has said he doesn't wanna be a leader. Right. He just wanna play basketball. And I challenged Booker last year and they got mad. I said, sons don't have any leadership. They don't have a style of play. And they got mad, which I don't care, but I said, it's, it's gotta be Booker. He's gonna take a serious leadership role because people are gonna, well Maybe it'll happen. People are gonna, people are gonna listen to him because he's a great player. But he's gotta become more of a leader. Gotta be more of a vocal leader.

(35m 50s):
And then we gonna see what happened with the sons. But man, we Didn't, we didn't mention Minnesota and we didn't mention Big Joker by the way, who almost beat Team UA by himself with a bunch of guys. Nobody had ever heard of. He did. But they gotta get some, they gotta get some bench. I liked them going out and getting Westbrooks. But that team wore down because they didn't do anything to replace their bench players. Yeah. They, they let everybody go after they won the championship. Minnesota I think will regress. Oh, you're giving them the will regress. They'll regress. They got lucky last year. Everything worked out for him. They were because of, they let the Joker down last year because he had to play the whole game against those two big seven footers.

(36m 31s):
Yeah. And he and he just got worn down. Yeah. I don't think they're gonna let that happen. Like I said, I love the fact they went out and got Westbrook, but they still need another big body. It's one team I mentioned. Did you, We said we have Minnesota, Denver, I guess the Clippers. You could No Clippers. I, I can't count on them ever. Yeah. Golden State weren't saying no Lakers. No thanks. Yeah Man, we probably miss it. But that's the point. There's so many teams in the Yeah, I'm trying to think. That's one team I've got. I said I'm curious to see how they're gonna do. It's Interesting. You're not, you're not interested in Milwaukee at all. Huh? You just feel that runs over. I'm not, I'm not What do you think they're too old other than Giannis?

(37m 15s):
I think that Giannis has to get better as a basketball player. Well, training with Drew Hanlon this year apparently. Yeah. But that's just going downhill. One on five is not gonna work. Yeah. And it doesn't work. And he's a terrific player and terrific kid, but he's gotta get better as a basketball player. So no, I'm not, I I'm not a Milwaukee guy. I would if I to pick Wow. Don't tell Doc I would. Yeah. The, the, I'm trying to think. I I I miss somebody in the west. I can't think of who that is. I'm gonna look it up as you're talking, but answer me this question because I was, I was thinking about this, I was trying to get to the point mentally where I love basketball the most as you know, it's my favorite sport.

(38m 0s):
But I found myself looking forward to the football season more than I look forward to basketball season. There's fantasy Sunday, lemme tell You. So that means you got some issues because lemme tell you something, there's nothing better Yeah. Than pro football and college football. As much as I love, I get Yeah. Alright listen, I'm in heaven right now. I football the start of football season college and pro's the most exciting thing because I admire those guys because if you go out there and play football, you are all in. You can't cheat football. you can cheat in a lot of sports. But if you go out there on a football field or boxing I think is the same way.

(38m 45s):
Yeah. You have to be a grown ass man and there's no screwing around. I am so pumped for this football season to start. So you've always been more, you love football than basketball even though you're a basketball player. When I realized what it took to play football, because I played football one day. When was that? What grade? Back in high school. Oh. And I realized these guys are fucking nuts. And I was like, I remember the last thing that coach said to me, bill, he says, I'll see you tomorrow. I was like, yo, I'm not doing this shit tomorrow. Yeah. You'll see me. And I says, coach, I just ran into a guy full speed for two hours.

(39m 27s):
Yeah. Because I was on the defensive line and I'm like, I'm not doing this. And then I, when I got to know the guys and to like see how much effort, pain, mental toughness it takes to play football, I was like, man, I love this sport. And boxing's the same way to me. I love boxing. Yeah. And it's something about the sports that, like, you, you can't, you can't play football if you're not a hundred percent invested in it. And I, I, I love it man. I do. I love it. It's the best time of the year for me right now. Well I was always in the minority of, I love basketball the most.

(40m 9s):
'cause I grew up with it. I went to a bunch of great games, but this year was a little different. By the way, the team we left out was Memphis. That's it. Memphis was the, i I knew we were leaving, but that's how good the west is. That both us forgot to mention Memphis, watch out for Memphis. They got a chance, they got a chance. Like they're 20 to one to win the conference on FanDuel. They have worse sides than the Lakers. That's just stupid. Like that's ridiculous. Right? That's just Ridiculous. They have worse sides than the Suns and they got that big seven five kid who's actually I think gonna play for them and be good. If I was to take a wild card on any team in the west, it would be Memphis. I agree.

(40m 49s):
Because I think that, I think their coach is terrific. I think Jaw's a terrific player if you can keep his head on straight. They really, they really Ms. Steven Adams last year. Hopefully he'll come back healthy. Yeah. Their coach, I'm a big fan of their coach Taylor. And lemme tell you something, that if I had to pick a sleeper, it would be the Grizz.

(41m 13s):
Now it's time for a special part of today's episode sponsored by NFL Sunday ticket on YouTube TV NFL Sunday ticket. You know, I love it. Awesome features to help you stay on top of all the action. My friend multiview allows you to watch up to four games at once. you can layer on stats and fantasy views to track your favorite teams. And, but when you bundle NFL Sunday Ticket and YouTube tv, guess what happens? You get access to every game every Sunday. That's the most live NFL games all in one place. Well, I dunno if you know this, but YouTube TV has crowned me their CMO. That's right. Chief Multi-view officer to help pick the top four games of the week that you should watch with multi-view. So I went with the early games, I left out my beloved Patriots. Here are the four Cardinals bills. It's gonna be a lot of offense cards as a possible upset pick. I I can't wait to watch that game and see how many points are scored and just what the bills look like. Is their defense even gonna be that good? We'll see. Jags offense, big Jags comeback season. Possibly a little Florida rivalry here. Texans Colts, last time we saw them was when they were fighting each other getting the playoffs. Now they're back to a FC South rivals. And then last but not least, bears Titans. You might be surprised to see the Titans in here, but I wanna see Caleb Williams, I want him on one of the TVs. So cards, bills, Jags, dolphins, Texans, COLS, bears Titans. And now at the multi-view builder this year, you can even customize yourself, which four NFL games you wanna watch. Just log in, select build a multiview, repeat, build a multiview, pick out the four games you wanna watch. Thanks again to our friends at NFL Sunday ticket on YouTube tv. Don't miss a moment of the action this NFL season. Watch every game every Sunday when you bundle NL Sunday ticket on YouTube tv, sign up today at youtube.com/bs. Local and national games on YouTube, tv, NFL sending ticket for out market games excludes digital only games device and content restrictions apply.

(43m 20s):
The reason I brought up this football basketball thing, I was thinking about this Stupid conversation they were having. No, this this infrastructure we've created in the NBA where if somebody doesn't win the title, they might go and there's trade rumors and oh this contract's up in two years. And I was thinking about some of the guys in football that we were, and quarterbacks don't really switch teams ever, which I think is a real strength for football. Like you, if you're a chiefs fan, Mahomes is gonna be in your life for 20 years the same way Curry is gonna be in your life if you're a Warriors fan. Yeah. But there's guys like, like think about in the NBA, if somebody was in this situation, Dak Prescott's been in for the last two years where it's like, yeah, I don't know, I don't know if you're gonna get an extension or not.

(44m 0s):
This would be covered every day. Be like stuff he probably demand a trade. Same thing for like Josh Allen on Buffalo losing all his receivers. It was like, I don't know if I can stay here. No, Hold on. I'm fascinated by that conversation. Yeah. Because I understand the Cowboys perspective. They won Jack shit with him And so they made him the highest paid quarterback like three, four years ago. Correct? Yes. Yes. So now they gotta make him a highest paid quarterback again. And he said one playoff win I think or two. And I'm like, well, everybody's acting like they're being disrespectful to that.

(44m 45s):
They made him a highest paid football player in the world like four years ago when they have, because lemme tell you something, that game last year was concerning to me because The Green Bay game, If you are a serious football team, you can't get blowed out like that at home. 48 to 32 at home. You, you can and you down 28 zip in the second quarter because you ain't made to play. You ain't been a a relevant team. You get a home game, A home game. I think you got to win that game. I've said this before, you don't have to win the game, but you can't get blown out like that.

(45m 27s):
Right. That was, that was a, a scarlet letter as they say. I'm like, because I'm sitting there watching that game and I'm gonna tell you the truth. I obviously bet on Dallas. I'm like, there's no way Dallas is gonna lose this first home game. Yeah. Against a, a really a rookie quarterback basically and love Yeah. Coming on the road. Cowboys, you know, they've been talking, they talk a lot too. They talk a lot When they get talked about, But, but they talk a lot too. Okay. To have an upstart come to your house and be down 28 zip you like, yeah, this is, this is bad, this is bad.

(46m 12s):
Like I say, they don't have to win the game, but you, you can't get beat like that. That's, that's player and coaching blame right there. But they brought the coach back and they brought the quarterback back. Yeah. Because they can't because this, this is the last, this the last year's scenario. Right. I I think, I think that I'm, if I'm curious, could Argue last year should have been a last year's scenario. Yeah. But you know, the way that that stupid cap works in the NFL, if you cut a, I think even if they let that go, this still count like 50 million against the cap going forward. Right. The problem though. Yeah. The problem is because they didn't give him a new contract.

(46m 55s):
All that money hits them this year, which made it harder for them to make the team bad. Well so, so so you, your theory is, and like they should make him the highest paid again. No, my theory is they've won nothing with DAK and they should probably let him go. I'm more interested in the NBA prism of it because we've seen this in the NBA with like Zach Levine, Bradley Beal, some of the guys that got max extensions this year where people are like, well I guess we gotta do it. And you're doing it and you don't know if this is a path to even make like round two of the playoffs. Right. But in the NBA, it's like, if you don't do it, all of a sudden dissension got got not sure if the guy's happy and we're just, we have so much movement in the league now and we're So it such a part of the dialogue that I I actually think it's really bad.

(47m 41s):
Oh, well first of all, I think it's, I think it's always been bad. This is the worst it's ever been. Come on. Hundred percent. Because I've said this, I'm not just saying it because I'm on your podcast. I don't understand why bad teams have to pay bad players. Right. I really don't. I, because like, well wait a minute. If I give a guy $50 million a year and he's just a good player, I'm stuck with him and we're stuck losing in the first round of the playoffs. I've always said that. I was like, wait a minute. Well I I'm gonna pay brown and pay the max. I'm not playing anybody for the Well, like Laila Ball's a good example, right?

(48m 24s):
They gave him that extension right away. I don't mean they won 30 games a day. Understand. I really don't understand why we have to play. Like I said, first of all, everybody in the NBA can play. Lemme get that out the way. Yeah. But why am I paying a guy who's just a good player, $50 million a year for five years? I can't trade him. We're not gonna get better. I've never understood that. Well now the media deal, the numbers are even gonna go up. Oh my God. Listen, lemme tell you something. When this, when this new TV deal kicks in, Where's your cut? All the X all the X players, the eighties and nineties should be getting big. I, I'll tell you what's gonna be crazy, we're gonna, and number one, I'm not a hater.

(49m 7s):
Bless all the guys. Make all the money you Can. Yeah, of course. But we're gonna have guys making 80, 90, a hundred million dollars. It's gonna be crazy. I mean it's gonna be flat out crazy. How do you Yeah. And, and coaches making like five, the disparity of like the best players versus what the coaches make is crazy. The worst, the worst aspect of it to me. And you know what's gonna happen? It's already happening now with guys making 30, 40 million when we have guys making $90 million and they're load managing. You think the regular fan gonna be having that shit? Hell no. It's already ha it's already happening.

(49m 48s):
I know, but, and like I say, that's, that really concerns me going forward. Number one, I hate load management. Hey listen, I'm pretty sure doctors and nurses and Firemens and policemen, they don't wanna work seven days a week sometime. Yeah. To play basketball three or four days a week is not a lot to ask anybody. And I don't wanna hear about the numbers. These guys who paid all the dues before me played in crappy shoes. Flu commercial. Right. Didn't have the best medical shit. We got guys in chambers now Bill about 15 NBA players who got bought like a hyperbaric chamber.

(50m 32s):
Right. I was like, And they have chefs, They Chefs have all kinds of shit And, and then these guys are like, yeah, I can't play basketball three or four days a week. I'm like, are you kidding me? But it's gonna get worse when guys start making more money when the new TV deal kicks in. Well I have like, you know, the, somehow I still have the Clippers tickets and they traded Paul George who was the one guy who actually like was playing. I know. And now it's a team built around Kawhi and James Harden. And it's like, Hey, should I go to the Clipper game? Wins Now I gotta check. Are those guys gonna play? Oh, they're both playing tonight. Yeah. I would fucking hope So It.

(51m 14s):
That drives me crazy, man. Because it's disrespectful to the game first and foremost. And it's really disrespectful to the fans. Come on man. if you going, listen, God bless all these guys for making 40, $50 million, but come on, you gotta play basketball. And I don't listen, once the season starts, something always hurts. Yeah. So, so set the fuck up, rub some, I take Shaq, rub some icy hot on it and go play. Everything hurts. I mean, I'm gonna tell, I tell people, man, I always felt bad. I try not to ever miss a game. I took so many shots of Toradol in my ass that What's that?

(51m 58s):
That horse, that horse shit. dm SO that's made for horses. You took that. Oh yeah man, I wanted to play. I have an obligation to the teammates. Oh my God. And to the fans. Oh yeah. They, it made your breath smell like shit too. But lemme tell you something, there was times I could barely walk when I got that, when I got that D-M-S-O-I was like, can I run a marathon? Like it was unbelievable. But between that and Toradol, I'm trying to think. I think that was the only the guy that stuff I took the most. But I didn't care. I'm not worried about the future. Number one, my teammates mean a lot to me.

(52m 39s):
Yeah. I always wanted to play. I'm not gonna sit over there and cheer them on if like, just because I'm a little sore, that's not gonna happen. Yeah. So you come into the league and you're playing with Doc, the original doc Dr. J Yes. Who had been playing basketball since the early seventies wearing shady sneakers, jumping, he was having problems. Lot commercial. Hey Bill, my first, my first two years in NBAI flew commercial. Right. You're sa you have to hang out with the reporters, you sit next to the beat guys. But Dr. Jay played, he played 16 years. The worst thing about it was some old lady, I tell you what, like I get to a certain city and my shoulder was fucking killing me.

(53m 20s):
Yeah. And what's wrong with your shoulder? Rookie. You hurt your game. You hurt your arm in the game ladder. I said said, yo man, I had this old lady sleeping on me back in coach and you don't wanna be an asshole and wake this old lady up. Yeah, yeah. But then you get to the, you go to the hotel, sleep all afternoon, then go to the game and you can't lift your arm. And it's like, man, I had this old lady leaning on me the whole time. And coach, I mean, I got so many good stories about that man. It's hilarious. Well, that's the thing, like Dr. J played what, 15 years, a hundred Years. 16 years. Ek played 16 years. But That's, but you can't even count Dr. J remember he played the a b first.

(54m 1s):
Right. And that was probably, And and think about it, they what about all the years he played in college? Right, Right. That's what drive me crazy about these guys today. I'm like, y'all don't even go to y'all now you go to college for six months, you come to the Oh, It's like five. Yeah. And I'm like, yo man, you guys are so lucky and blessed you make all this money just play basketball. They, you, I listen, you're never gonna play more than four games a week, ever. Adam Silva who I love and respect killed all the back to backs. He killed all the back to backs. So you don't have to play back the back games anymore.

(54m 42s):
Right. But I know what they're doing. I wish they, you know how when somebody lie to you and you know their line? Yeah. I wish they would say, Hey guys, the reason I practiced load management is I'm trying to extend my career a couple years so I can make an extra 50, 60, 70 million. Right. Just tell me the truth because that's why they're doing it. Because if you go back and, and look, and I've seen some of the numbers. if you miss 15 to 17 games a year, you probably gonna give extra two years at least one. But more than likely two, if you miss 10 to 15, 20 games a year, you're gonna add a couple extra years to your career.

(55m 24s):
Just tell me you trying to get extra years and make money. Don't tell me basketball is too hard on your body. You're not playing Fucking Chuck Taylor's. Come on, gimme a fucking break. Well, that and the playoff games, if you've been in a lot of playoff games, yeah. Those are like what? Worth a game and a half on your body. They've Worth a game and a half. Yeah. And like I say, a lot of these teams don't even practice anymore. Yeah. Steve Kerr always talks about that. He, yeah. He has his young teams and they're in a ballroom, like running through plays and they're not even like on a practice court. A lot of these guys shoot arounds. So just show up two hours before the game. We'll walk through the then, Hey, these guys, man, just play basketball.

(56m 8s):
Let's take one more break.

(56m 13s):
This episode is brought to you by LinkedIn. As a small business owner, every new hire added to your team needs to make an immediate impact. Think of CJ Stroud in his rookie year, how he transformed the Texans with limited hiring resources. You don't have the luxury of getting it wrong. you need to feel confident that your candidate is going to perform when the game is done. The line with LinkedIn jobs, you can, as the world's largest professional network, LinkedIn gives you access to more than a billion professionals with the unique skills and experience you need, chances are your next standout star is one of them, A qualified candidate ready to put in the work that makes an immediate impact on your business. On LinkedIn, 86% of small businesses get a qualified candidate within 24 hours. So hire professionals like a professional on LinkedIn. Hire the right person for your role and post your job for free. Go to LinkedIn dot com slash simmons. That's LinkedIn dot com slash simmons to post your job for free terms and conditions apply.

(57m 9s):
This episode is brought to you by Yahoo Fantasy Football. We love Yahoo Fantasy Football so much. We're doing a Ringer Fantasy Football League this year. It's gonna be heated. I don't know what the prize is gonna be, but it's gonna be something that humiliates the last place team and elevates the first place team and makes them feel like they're super duper special. My podcast, RO Ringer, NFL, ringer Fantasy Football, New York, New York, the full go off, the Pike Philly Special. We are all gonna be in there. All of our football podcasts basically going head to head. Not everyone can win in fantasy, but everyone has a chance to win big. With Yahoo Fantasy Football, you can create or join a Yahoo Fantasy Football League today. All you have to do is go to yahoo sports.com/simmons. That's my name. Remember, someone will win $1 million. All you have to do is play in a private Yahoo Fantasy League and enter the sweepstakes by September 5th. Not that far away. Football's coming. Get ready. Enter now at yahoo sports.com/simmons. No purchase necessary open in all 50 states in the us plus DC for ages 18 plus and September 5th, 2024. See official rules at yahoo sports.com/simmons.

(58m 30s):
This episode is brought to you by Vuori. I love sports. I know you do too. I also know that lots of you exercise, but if you're like me and my wife, the the beloved sports gal, you're sick and tired of ugly, uncomfortable workout gear, especially, you know, I do a lot of walking. I walk around la I make calls, I listen. Podcasts. Here are two words that will change everything. Vuori, clothing, a line of active wear that is unbelievable. The best thing about Vuori is you can lounge around in it. you can work out in it. you can go outside, you can go shopping down in your local wherever, and you never feel like you're either underdressed or overdressed. You're just comfortable. you can wear it when you're training, traveling, lounging around the house. Go get yourself some of the most comfortable and versatile clothing on the planet. Here's the deal, our listeners get 20% off their first purchase at Vuori dot com slash simmons. Once again, VUOR i.com/simmons.

(59m 29s):
Is Weby a top three guy in the league within the next two years? I dunno, because I think he's got a bright feature, but I don't know how good we mentioned them. Well, they're year away. Yeah, they weren't exactly. No wait, they weren't exactly going for a title. They Bought a year away. Yeah. Well, I don't know if he, if he becomes a top three or four guy in the league that moves up time, all They, they gonna have to get some other good players because the West Sacramento got better. We didn't even mention them going out, getting Margaret Rosen is a great pickup. Right? So what?

(1h 0m 13s):
Damn. Yeah. This is why I brought it up. And this, Well, I'm trying, I'm trying to think, who are they better than in the west? Portland, Maybe Portland. They're better than, they're definitely better than Portland. And maybe the Equippers of Kauai is gonna be a 25 game of A year ago. I love that big boy from Connecticut that Paul and got in the draft. Oh, Donovan Kling. I love Klingon. Yeah. I love him. And listen, first, I'll tell you this about the Lakers. I have zero idea why Cade slipped to them that low. That kid should have went much higher when I was getting ready for Mar Well, I watched him play a couple times during the regular season, probably three or four times.

(1h 0m 55s):
But watching him breaking down tape on him doing, yeah, he's Mark now. Like, man, he know how to play basketball. But that side, the Lakers are gonna be a soap opera this year. New coach, LeBron's gonna be, what is he 40 now? Yeah. LeBron. LeBron playing with his son. They might not be that good. There's probably 10 west teams that could potentially be better than them. And guess what? ESPN will be leading that first segment with the Lakers, No question. Be like, OKCs won 24 straight, but let's go to Los Angeles. Let's go see where the liquor have lost two in a row. Is jz is is Jy Redick on the hot seat? Is JJ on the hot seat? They've only won four of their last 10.

(1h 1m 35s):
Yeah. I mean, man, it's so much. You know, that's the thing I I love about our job, and I hate about our job because I love telling people Shea Gils Alexander. Mm. We don't ever show okc. I love Shea Gils, Alexander. There's some good ones. This, this, the under 25 is a pretty good crop right now. It's very similar to where you guys were in the, in the mid to late eighties when that new class was coming up. You did? Yeah. I know. You see how quick they turned on Luca in the finals. I was like, I, that was bullshit. I didn't like that In the finals.

(1h 2m 16s):
I mean, and then after game one and game two, they're like, Luca can't play any defense. He's the reason the, the, the the the self is up two zip, three zip. I'm like, wait a minute. He's the only reason they're in the finals. Is he a greater, Well, I'll tell you, I was fucking terrified every time he had the ball or took a shot. Like he is a 10 out 10 when you're Rudy against his team. I'm terrified of him the whole time. I do think he needs to get in better shape on the one hand, but on the other hand, maybe this is the right shape for him because he's so fucking big. He can bully ball everybody. Well, I think he needs to get in better shape, but he, he's the only reason no disrespected Kyrie, but he's the reason they were in the finals.

(1h 2m 57s):
Yeah. But I just love, I love the fact how, how quick these talking heads turn on these players. Because like I say, the week before we were bragging like, man, this lu he the next great player. Right? Gonna grab the torch. Yeah. From yo, I did that podcast. Yeah. Because like, but like two weeks before, this is how full of shit people in our business are. Bill, like the week before Michael Jordan is re incoordinated, when Anthony, they were sweeping the sun. He's dunking Ond and everything. Like this guy Anthony Airs, I, yo man, please stop. I love Anthony Arrows. He's not freaking Michael Jordan, please stop. Please stop.

(1h 3m 38s):
Then they get beat by the, by the Mavs and they're like, he cooled off. Yeah. Oh, oh yeah. Oh my God. What are we seeing in Luca? Dun? What are we seeing? And then when the cel who had a much better team go up three zip. Yeah. Luca Dunes don't play in defense. He's the reason I'm like, wait a minute, y'all went from, he's to second reincarnation of bird and somebody else combined. But that's the thing I hate about our business, man. There's a lot of, a lot of guys out there with, they turn quickly. Luca Dunes is the only reason they were in the finals period. You know, the Anthony Edwards Jordan thing.

(1h 4m 17s):
And I was trying to be, as you know, I'm, I'm always gonna be in the Jordans, the best player I've ever seen camp. Unless, until somebody passes them. And for me it hasn't happened yet. But there was, and it Hasn't happened yet. It hasn't happened yet. There were flashes of Edwards, and I'm sure you felt it too. And you even gotta play against Jordan. He had some moments in those first two rounds where it was like, oh yeah, that, yeah, that there, there's glimpses and Kobe young Kobe had the same thing. There were some Kobe moments where it was like, oh, but we're never seeing another Jordan. I think what's interesting about Edwards for me, and, and not, I'm not just saying this because you're on the pod, he has such like a, a life and a positive energy and such a great personality that it reminds me of when you came in in the mid eighties and everybody was like, you know, who's a really good interview?

(1h 5m 6s):
Charles Barkley. Oh, you know, who's really fun. And the personality started to become part of the package Yeah. For you. And I think that like league needs somebody like him that is just, I just think he's this enchanting guy. You could feel it in the Olympics. He was like in the middle of everything. Well, I think that not patting myself on the back, and I think Anthony, what I've seen is, yo man, we're just basketball players, right. We're not, we're not teachers. We're not firemen. We're not policemen. We making a ridiculous amount of money. I'm getting paid millions of dollars to play a stupid ass game. I've always known that. And I think Anthony knows that.

(1h 5m 46s):
I think Giannis practices that also. Yeah, but you, you know what, you know what Edwards has though? There, there's an authenticity to him. Yes. That I think is harder and harder to find in sports in 2024 when everything is so managed. Everybody has a team. Every, every decision is made with such a purpose publicly. And you were never like that. You're just like, here's what I think. Like here's what I think, Here's what I think I'm gonna be. Because what happened to me, I had a turning point in Philadelphia because you know, first of all, everybody wants to be liked. Yeah. Anybody tell? I love when I hear guys two things that drive me crazy about players.

(1h 6m 26s):
I don't watch television or read the newspaper, shut the fuck up. Of course you watch television and read the newspaper. What whatcha doing? Are you just sitting in your house in the dark the whole time? Please stop There. Also, they're trapped in a hotel room or their place out there. Yeah. Because they're fucking famous. They can't go anywhere. You know? And you know what's even worse? They mom, their dad, they sister, their wife, their girlfriend, all fucking tell them when they hear nobody says something about him. Right. So shut the fuck up telling me you don't pay attention. But my second thing is I don't care what other people think. Everybody cares what other people think, but they have to be fair. So for me, it was my second year in the league, I had to sit down with Dr. J. I said, doc, I'm getting some, some of the stuff I'm saying, I'm getting some blow back.

(1h 7m 13s):
Right? He said, so we sit down, he says, son, what are you asking me? I said, man, I want everybody to like me. He looked at me, he says, oh yeah, you're just wasting your time trying to, no, it, it doesn't matter what you say. Everybody's not going to like you. You're going have to make a decision whether you're just gonna be a straight shooter and they still gonna hate you half the time anyway. But you can't play volleyball with your opinions. You can't be trying to say something, appease this group and get over here and say something about this group. And I says, so if I just be straight honest, he says, that's the best way to be, but you're gonna get blow back on that. Anyway, so Bill, that's when I made up my mind. I'm like, Hey, you know what?

(1h 7m 53s):
I cannot make all these people happy. Yeah. Half of 'em gonna hate me and half of 'em gonna like me or whatever. And I said, I'm gonna just tell the truth and let the chips fall what they made. Well, you made a lot of tape recorders happy back in. Hey man, in the beat reporter days, Guys have a job to do. I've always understood. See this one thing I hate about players. Players, they want all the money and all the accolades and all the stuff that goes with this, but they don't want any of the responsibility. I'm like, yo, man, you sign autographs, you take pictures, you talk to the press. All that bullshit goes with being rich and famous.

(1h 8m 36s):
You don't get to not, yeah. People are gonna interrupt you at dinner sometimes you reporters gonna run to you. And this is another thing that drive me crazy. They run to the reporters when they have a good game or things going good, right? And then, then they, when they have a bad game, they want to be smug with the press give you one word answers. I'm like, nah man, you don't get to get your cake and eat too. Most of the reporters I've ever met have been great people. They got a job to do. When I played great, they wrote great things about me. When I didn't play great. They wrote some criticism. And the first thing Dr. Did after we had that conversation, he says, the first thing you have to ask yourself about criticism, is it fair?

(1h 9m 20s):
He says, before you get mad at that reporter or something like that, look in the mirror and says, what's the criticism fair? And sometimes it was, and sometimes it wasn't. Yeah. I remember in the late seventies, Dr. J took a ton of shit because remember he was coming into the league and people were like, this guy's gonna be amazing. He's gonna revolutionize basketball. And then the Sixers, they lost in the finals. Then the next two years, his knees were hurting. It was doing that. Well, yeah. And this was a theme for two years. But nobody that, we didn't have the same media infrastructure back then, but it was a lot of what's wrong with Dr. J? There's Sports Illustrated pieces about it. Now that stuff's like a hundred times bigger.

(1h 10m 1s):
The stuff that happened to you in Philly in the, in the early nineties in the social media era would be so much bigger now. Yeah. You know, it was very, it was crazy because I had to hear about me getting traded my last three years in Philly. Yeah. And it was stressful. Like there was, the sport news came out with a cover. It had me in like eight different jerseys and it, and it was wearing on me. Yeah. But I'll tell you a funny story. So I get arrested in Milwaukee my last year in Philly.

(1h 10m 46s):
Is that the window incident? No, that was Florida. These three weightlifters accosted me. Oh yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. So I get arrested. So I'm in, I'm in Milwaukee on trial. You were on trial? I don't remember that. Oh yeah, I was on trial. Trust me. Oh man. So It's like you and oj. That's right. I didn't kill people. So I, I spent every day with my lawyers, obviously in court. But at night we would sit around, I made my mind like, let's work on this letter to the Sixers. Yeah. I'm not fucking coming back.

(1h 11m 28s):
I'd have enough, too much. Too much baggage. Too much baggage. So we spend all week writing this letter because I said, Hey, I don't want the fans involved. You guys handled this how you wanna, I want to thank y'all for eight great years. It's been incredible. Philadelphia's always treated me great. It'll always be a special place in my heart. I had this beautiful letter written, and I would like to keep this private because I don't want the fans to think I just had enough of y'all. Yeah. I had enough of the organization. And so I get acquitted on a Friday.

(1h 12m 11s):
I fly back to Philly. I bought a whole plane drinks. I'm on cloud now. Me and my boys go out Friday night, celebrate. We get drunk Saturday night, we get drunk Sunday. I'm on the phone with my agent and my attorney send this shit out first thing Monday morning. Sunday Morning, yeah. Two hours later I get a phone call from the six that I've been treated to the Phoenix Suns. Ah. And man, the whole world is lifted off my shoulders.

(1h 12m 55s):
The, I I felt it was crazy, bill. I was so ecstatic. I called my friends. I was like a letter going out tomorrow. Then I called my no need for the letter. What happened? Right? What happened? I just got traded to the Phoenix Suns and man, we went out and had So. it was the best alcohol I think I've ever had in my life. We celebrated and the next day I was on a flight to Phoenix. So do you identify at all when some of these players get unhappy? I mean, the unhappy thing is much faster now. Somebody could go to a new team and be unhappy at 18 months. Dude, That's the assholes in the media.

(1h 13m 37s):
They've made it seem like if you don't win the championship, you a bomb. Or it's the end of the world. Yeah. Like the reason Michael will always be my goat, because he went through all those struggles. Yep. I look at all these other guys, like, as much as I love LeBron, he lost one time. He went to the finals, but he lost to the cel. Like, no, I'm gone. Like, yeah, you ain't supposed to win the champ. It's, it's supposed to be hard to win the championship. Well, he Did in 14 too. That was leaving Miami. No. Maybe that was the plan to leave Miami. Yeah. But I was like, yo man, it's supposed to be hard.

(1h 14m 18s):
Yeah, I, I saw the same thing with kd. Like, nah, like dude, you, you ain't supposed to, it's supposed to be hard to win the championship. But that's the thing. That's why I brought up the football example before about like somebody like Josh Allen who hasn't even been in the Super Bowl. Right. And he's been there for a while. He's one of the best. But, Well, he hate, see, first of all, I'm, I'm so glad you bought this football stuff up. I wanna say something that's really pissing me off. I had enough of this Belichick slander I've had. Now you're preaching in the choir. I I, I'm gonna tell you guys something. I'm so sick of all these idiots and fools on television Badmouthing Bill, because I'm sitting back like, this guy went to the Super Bowl nine times, one six.

(1h 15m 7s):
And just because y'all don't like his personality, he like, I hear guys talking about you can't coach like that anymore. I'm like, you mean like the greatest coach ever? Right. And I says, like, they're like, well, he didn't do anything without Tom Brady. I'm like, well, Tom Brady didn't play by himself. And I love Tom. I got number love and respect for Tom, but I'm like, exactly how many championships does Andy Reed won without Pat Mahomes? Andy Reid got tired in Philly. Yeah. I says, well, Mike Tomlin, I'm a Mike Tomlin fan. Exactly. How many Super Bowl did he win without Berger? Yeah. Sean Peyton, great coach. I consider Sean French. How many championships does he won without Drew Brees?

(1h 15m 50s):
So this this, just because you don't like a guy, bill Belichick is the greatest football coach ever. I saw Tom say that recently, and I a hundred percent agree. I'm just sick of the Belichick slander and I'm sick. I Damien Woody, there's two people at ESPN who I like Damien Woody and Louis Riddick. Okay. They're no, that's, that's the entire list. Oh, Mike, Mike will barn cornhouser. I love those guys. They're like brothers to me. Older brothers. I might add, I love those Uncle. But Damien Woody said something because they were talking about how overrated Josh Allen was.

(1h 16m 30s):
Yeah. And he went crazy. He's like, wait a minute. Yeah, Let's look at his games against Pat Mahome. They're talking, nobody can beat Pat Mahome that football game. Well he, they Pat got down the field and won in overtime Best 13 seconds. Yeah. Best football game I've ever seen. That's not Josh Allen fa. Right. And and even last year, They almost beat him. Well, he like, it's Josh Allen fault. They missed the field goal that would've took the game probably in the overtime. And these guys get on TV talking about Josh Allen's overrated. And Damien Wood says, I'm not having anymore. This Josh Allen slander, he's played as well as he could against my home both times at either time he lost was his fault.

(1h 17m 16s):
Yeah. And I'm just so sick of the Belichick and the Josh Allen slander. It's just flat out ridiculous, man. You guys are entitled to opinion. But you have to be fair because people believe what we say on television. Yeah. That doesn't mean you're right. But you have to be fair, bill Belichick is the greatest football coach ever in the pros. Nick is the greatest college coach ever. But just because people don't like you or your personality, they can't get on TV and slander you. It's just total bullshit. Well that's why the growth of WNBA, you know, it's starting to become serious when there's really stupid discourse about the league and the players.

(1h 17m 60s):
I'm like, oh, you guys have made it. Hey man, welcome These ladies. And I'm A-W-N-B-A fan. It's been good season. They couldn't, they cannot have fucked this Caitlin Clark thing up any worse if they tried, if you got people in a room. Yeah. Like if you got a bunch of dudes in a room that says let's fuck up the WNBA, we couldn't have came up a master plan. What these women have done, this girl is incredible what she did in college for women's basketball.

(1h 18m 40s):
What she's doing in the WNBA, she Turned the fever. Were one and eight. They're, they have a winning record now. But the the number of attention eyeballs she's bought the college and the pros. And for these women to have this petty jealousness, you say to yourself, damn, what is going on here? Well, you got accused of that stuff too, with the older players being resentful of the new generation. Well, it's kind of part of the basketball process. Everybody thinks their generation's the best. No, no. Anytime we say something about guys, it ain't the old get off my long guy. Yeah. But the, the stuff toward her is petty and jealous.

(1h 19m 22s):
And the thing I love about her, she does. She never says a word. And now when I watch her two things I like, she's playing much faster. Yeah. Much faster. She was playing too slow the first half of the season. She, I think she tired. I think she was banged up the college season. They didn't even give her the, the, the, the the understanding. Like you girls been worded for the wwn BA season. Y'all been working out on the No, she came straight outta college and had to go right to the Wwn BA like two weeks later. So they didn't factor in. But I think she, I factored in When I watched her play the last month, I think she's learning to play much faster because I think she's learning to trust those girls more.

(1h 20m 10s):
Because, you know, when she's in college, she's not passing to a bunch of great players. Now you can see when she plays, she's playing a lot without the ball. She's remind me a lot of Jason Kidd, Jason kid's the best I've ever seen with playing without the basketball. Yeah. I played with Jason Kidd one time at an all star game. He says, Chuck, you know, you should be getting like six to eight points a game more. Right. I said, whatcha talking about? He says, I'm gonna pick it ahead to you. Yeah. He says, your point guards wait and give you the ball too late. If I give you the ball full speed ahead, instead of waiting for you to finish, you get another eight to 10 points a game. She's starting to see now if I play faster and give it to them sooner.

(1h 20m 50s):
So that tell us she's really smart. But these ladies who I love and respect their game, they couldn't have fucked this thing up in the worst with, because we have talked and tell about Asia. Asia Wills the best woman player in the world right now. She's incredible. Connecticut son's having a great year that Memphis, Minnesota Links is having a great year. But there's been so much negativity and a lot of it is just petty jealousness. And I love the way she just, and I'll tell you what really good happened to her not making the Olympic team Totally agree. Well, it also gave her a break. That's, that's what I was getting ready to say.

(1h 21m 31s):
Yeah. Giving her that time off has given her a chance to recharge her batteries. I I So it ended up she probably did deserve to make the Olympic team on merit, but her getting that time off probably was the best thing happened to her. Well, the other thing that happened, her teammates, you can see like a little osmosis. You watch that team now and they, they're pretty unselfish to watch. Like they're making extra passes and it's the kind of stuff that happens when you're playing with a great player. Well, But some of that is her fault, Which I've enjoyed. But some of that's her fault Bill because she, like I say, she, I think she had one other girl on our team who made it to the WNBA, but she's learning now I can play without the ball.

(1h 22m 20s):
Right. That goes back to, remember when Tex winter it says Michael, oh The, the triangle. You have to trust these other guys because first of all, it's gonna make it easier on you playing without the ball. It's much easier. Like for me, I can use myself as an example. Not that it's about me. When I got traded to Phoenix and they gave me Dan Marley, Kevin Johnson, s Salo and those guys, man, the ga it goes back to the stuff I told you about the Olympics, man. They were just so easy for me to play basketball because I didn't have to make every pass. I didn't have to score every basket.

(1h 23m 0s):
Yeah. And I think is learning that now, like, oh, I can trust her, I can trust her. I can, I can trust her. I can trust her. I tell people, that's why I said earlier about the Olympics, man, when you, the, the game is so easy when you play with better players, the game is only hard when you play with guys who suck. You know, you know, like, because everybody is looking at you. They're like, Chuck got the ball. Every defender is looking at you. Yeah. But when you playing with Marley kjs Ballos, when I won MVP it was, that was the easiest basketball I ever had to play. The other thing they have to figure out is anecdotally, I can't believe how many people in my life have been watching WNBA and have hardcore opinions on it.

(1h 23m 44s):
I'm getting an Angel Reese versus Caitlyn Clark rookie, the year arguments and first team NBA, they gotta figure out the schedule for the playoffs because I, I just think going against football is, is just a no-win situation. I would love to see them try to figure out the little nooks so that they can actually get attention. The, the number one thing they gotta do is, is find a way to let people know where the damn games are. Right. Well that's another issue. It's on four places. It, it don't even imagine about, imagine it don't even matter about the playoffs. Yeah. If you have to go to, I saw some, I was watching some games. They're like on it's called Ion Ion. Yeah. It's been huge for Ion. Yeah, no, it's been good for Them. I don't even know.

(1h 24m 24s):
Damn. I mean like, no, you can ask basketball fans try, I mean They about to make you a big offer. Now they're gonna pull it. Hey listen, Your ion buddy buddy, Hey, hey listen man, lemme tell you something. Hey, you gotta wait till that LinkedIn profile come out. You know? Hey, I was joking around on, I, I was joking. I said, I'm gonna file out a a, a LinkedIn profile and it's gonna be like, I've never had a real job, so I only know how to write that down. Like what, what's your, what's, what is what's on your resume? I'm like, well, yeah, I've never had, I've never had a real job. Basketball player, Basketball player analyst.

(1h 25m 5s):
But that's not a real job. They're gonna be like, well that's not a real job. I said, I know it's not. But they paid me. So I, I call it a real job. Well, the, I mean the most impressive thing you've done, I think you broke Muhammad Ali's record for most times retiring. No, actually, you know, you know, I'm so glad you asked me that question because you Know, it's not a question, it's a fact. No, no. I Bill, lemme tell you something. I love when people say that me, I says, well, if you would ask me, they would listen to what I said. I have been very specific on my retirement. So you're not retiring. Well, I'm at some point. Come on. But you love this. Why whatcha gonna retire for You're still Because I I'm Fantastic at this.

(1h 25m 46s):
No, because I'm over 60. The new 50. Yeah. Okay. That's what all young people say. Till your ass get my age. So, so my original game plan was a retired 60. Yeah. I made that and I had told TTI said, I'm retiring at 60. And they're like, okay. And I said, Hey, I'm just giving y'all a heads up. I'm retiring next year. They're like, you gotta stay till the new deal is done. Yeah. I'm like, Oh, because they needed you for the negotiation. Yes. But little did I know they were gonna fuck that up. They, And I was like, I said, you know what? You guys been great to me.

(1h 26m 28s):
Yeah. I'll stay for two more years. So next year was supposed to be my last year and I was gonna walk off into the sunset. But little did I know, like I just said, because it would've been perfect to pass the torch to Vince Carter or Jamal Crawford. Hey, 25 years. Thank y'all. I'll be 62 years old and the marketing race came. I says, oh, this is actually even better for me. I can walk away after next year and don't have to worry about going to another network.

(1h 27m 10s):
Yeah. And so when they came to meet with me, they're like, we want to keep doing the show. I was like, what? We don't even have basketball and So it really put, threw me for a loop. The only good thing about it, I got to keep a a lot of people their job. Yeah. But I'm, I made it very clear, man, I'm not gonna keep working forever. I'm gonna do at least one more year so everybody can keep their job for another year. First of all, I have zero idea what we're gonna do. Lemme get that out the way. Well, you have basketball next year at least. Yeah. So we were already gonna do next year no matter what, but they said they wanna keep doing the show a year after that.

(1h 27m 56s):
And I said, guys, I can't just keep working to be working. Like I really, I tell people, yo man, I, this ain't my real job. This is my sucker job and I ain't worried about death. It's the big fellow gonna come get us all. But I don't wanna die on tv. I'll be 62 years old. I've been working or been in the line since I was 18. Right. I'm a I'm a grandpa now. Yeah, you've 40 years since the, since like that when you did make the Olympic team when you should. Yes. So I'm like, man, I'm good. Y'all have given me the greatest life a person could have. I love y'all. Thank y'all, thank y'all, thank y'all.

(1h 28m 37s):
But at some point I wanna retire sooner than later. Plain and simple. I don't think you're gonna retire. Well, it's gonna be interesting because I have zero idea what we're gonna do because we won't have basketball. But you're talking a year from now. Yes. But I have zero idea what we're gonna do. Wouldn't It make more sense for one of the partners just to grab the show though? What makes it even funnier? They don't even have no idea what we're gonna do. So I'm sitting, I'm sitting in this meeting in Philly. I'm like, we wanna keep doing the show. I was like, what do you mean?

(1h 29m 18s):
Like, we wanna keep y'all together. I says, well I'm, I would consider that because I I want all my friends to keep their job. Yeah. I said, what? I said, what are we gonna do? They're like, we haven't figured that out yet. I'm like, what? I says we won't have basketball. What the hell are we gonna do? And so that's, that's the thing. That's the thing that's fascinating. Like I say, I know we got one more year with the NBA then we're gonna lose it. Yeah. And they wanted, and they wanna do the show at least another year. But I'm like, we don't even have basketball so we gonna pay for highlights. So they were saying we'll figure it out, but they just lost the NBA so tough, tough maybe to have the trust that, that the next decision is gonna go.

(1h 30m 6s):
Awesome. It was like you just fucking lost the b over like four conference final games. I Hey, what it brother? Well listen, I, I mean it's certainly the most imitated show. I still think people don't completely understand why it works so well. You're the biggest reason. But four people with chemistry, with a Host that drives it. I remember coming to see you in Atlanta in like 2002 to write about it and the show hasn't changed really since 2002. It's the same formula. Well, and and yet everybody else fucks it up. Like remember the women's basketball, the, in the college tournament and the ESPN, they had, they had a really good studio show with three people and they were excellent and then it got to the final four and they're like, we're gonna bring in two more people now we have five.

(1h 30m 57s):
Yeah. It's like, you guys just fucking struck oil with the show. Whatcha doing? Yeah. You know, they Can't help themselves. You know, if people would understand, you have to have a mixture of basketball and fun and like they people, like you can't be all fun and no basketball. You can't be all basketball because you're trying to reach two different audience. Right. I always tell them, I says, we already got the basketball fans, we already got that. And people gonna watch basketball gonna watch. The key is, can we make it fun for the wife, the girlfriends and the kids? And they give us complete control And they give you time to talk. They give you seven to 10 minute segments, which is another thing people don't realize.

(1h 31m 40s):
A hundred percent. Hundred percent. They give you time to, to breathe and do your thing. Yeah. It's, it's funny. And hey Bill, I'll tell you something. There's times when we're talking and they're like, we gotta go to commercial and we'll be like, shut the fuck up. We're not done. Right. We're let going Wanna another, nobody wanna see another fucking commercial hold it because like sometimes they, they they'll be in your ear. I'm like, Hey, shut the fuck up. We're still talking here. Right. Because I was like, yo man, you can't re like sometimes you, you need time to explain, especially when you're talking about something serious. But sometimes you're trying to explain something and they're in your damn ear.

(1h 32m 20s):
Like, we gotta go, we gotta go. I said, where the hell are we going? We here from seven to two in the morning. You can't hold a commercial for another damn minute. Well you guys figured it out. Whatever it was I asked. The other thing that people I think miss with it is you, the four of you would have that convo anyway. I know we've made these points a million times, but it has to have four people. And I think it's either four or three, it shouldn't be five, but four people that would hang out and talk basketball regardless of whether the cameras were on. And they never figured that part either. They'll just throw, they, they think it's like a fantasy team. And we'll see what happens with these new deals when Amazon and NBC are putting people together and like, well we got this, got this and we're, and they put no thought into, well, would those three people hang out together?

(1h 33m 5s):
Yeah. That's what's gonna be fascinating. In what respect? Like putting their teams together. Yeah. Because she just can't cherry pick people. Like you said, they gotta have chemistry. You say like, like yeah, I wanna hang out and talk basketball with this guy or this girl. So who NBC and Amazon put together is gonna be amazing. I'm still not ruling you out. It still feels like the smartest solution to all this is just to take the entire infrastructure you guys have and move it to a different network that has basketball. And I don't understand why that wouldn't happen. Well number one, I don't think Ernie would go, I don't think Ernie would go because he Doesn't wanna leave Atlanta.

(1h 33m 51s):
Ernie would, yeah, Ernie would leave Atlanta ever. And so Filming in Atlanta, Well listen Man, we gotta work on Ernie. Hey, Hey. Everything is on the board. I yeah. Like I say, hey, hey Bill, I, as I told you earlier, I have, we have zero fucking idea what's gonna happen after this year? Zero. Well as I, I think you have like three or four more retirements in you over the next like 12 months. It's gonna be like, but Ali just kind is like Spinx. This is it. I'm done. No, I saw him fight Larry Holmes. It's like Spinx too. I'm back. I, you know, Muhammad Ali's one of my heroes. I actually just, the, the Larry Holmes fight sometime in the last couple weeks.

(1h 34m 32s):
I love watching old God. Not that one. That was ugly. And that's a bad one that that's a bad one. Well, you know, boxing's had an incredible resurgence. It's another one boxing and the wwn BA are the two winners of 2024. Yeah. But there's more good boxing fights in that we've we've had in a while. Yeah. But they wanna all fight each other. That's the one thing I hate Boxing's my second sport. I told you. But Now they're starting to fight each other because the Saudis are like, here's money Been five to 10 years. I know Because Mayweather and Packout shoulda fought five years before they fought. I know, But now, but now we're in a good spot. Like yeah. Have you seen the heavyweight who looks like George Foreman? I have, but lemme tell you something.

(1h 35m 12s):
That's My guy. But listen, Anthony Dark Joshua is a stud, but I wanna see they got Canelo's fight next weekend. Yeah. A a against Langa. Ben to me. You got Bud Crawford out there right now man. It's some good fights that they would make them. The heavyweights are good now we got some good carts coming up. I'm bull boxing. Alright Chuck, what's your football prediction before we go? Who you have for the Super Bowl? Well my Eagles are gonna the Super Bowl. Okay. I didn't know if you were serious with that, but we're going for it. Eagles against who? The Buffalo Bills. Buffalo Bills. And the Buffalo Bills win their first Super Bowl.

(1h 35m 54s):
Ah, they're, they're the most underrated great team ever to make it to four straight Super Bowls will never ever happen again. I got the Eagles against the bills and the Bills win their first Super Bowl. So I have the Lions over the Texans. Oh my God. Lemme tell you something, I got a man crush on Dan Campbell. I love that dude. I love Mr. Dan Campbell. Yeah, I was, lemme tell you something, I was on the Lions bandwagon all last year. I loved Yeah, You loved him. I loved Dan Campbell. I gotta meet Dan Campbell. So I picked the Lions, the team that hasn't won in 1950 since 1957.

(1h 36m 35s):
And you took the Bills. A team that's never won, I don't think ever since like maybe 1960. And those are our two picks. So I'm gonna say we're probably gonna be wrong and Patrick Mahomes will win again. That's the best thing about when sports start every year, man. Yeah. Possibilities. The possibilities are amazing. Well, if Mahomes wins this year now, now we can officially, I'm not ready to have the Jordan conversation, but I'm willing to assemble everybody in the room so we can start thinking about it. You Mean you, let's, let's stop at the Brady conversation. Okay, let's don't go to Jordan yet. Well I'm just for to, to about four Super Bowls and three, If he win three in a row, we could have the Tom Brady conversation.

(1h 37m 21s):
Right. I'm just saying not Jordan yet. I just Jordan the three in a row. It made me think of that when Jordan did the three, the Three people. The three people I'll admit because I get mad at people. Listen, I love Pat. I hate when people try to push him already past Brady. Because what Brady did, Penn Super Bowls. Come on man. Come on. Stop it. That's crazy. Also, they're, they're gonna provoke Brady. They're coming back again. Oh I, I tell you what, I cannot wait to see him on. I think he gonna be fabulous on television. I think He's gonna be good. I the reports are he took it seriously. He's putting in the time. Oh my God. And he's actually gonna say shit. The fact that he did the roast made me think This dude, lemme tell you something.

(1h 38m 2s):
This dude take everything serious. Yeah. Yeah. So he gonna be great at eight. I tell you what, Belichick gonna be great on TV too. Well he's on every tv. He's doing like five different shows. I'm, I'm worried he might have done too much. Well he don't have a job so he got plenty of time. I Know he seems he's got, well he knows he's gonna be coaching in February. He's just grabbing those checks for six months. That's right. Charles Broccoli. Great to see you. I'm glad all is well. Hey brother. Hey you know I got a lot of love for you man. Anytime you leave, you let you, lemme know. Alright, Peace. See you. Alright, that's it for the podcast. Thanks to Charles Barkley, thanks to Kyle Creighton and Steve Saru for producing as well. I'm gonna see you on Thursday for a million dollar picks and a lot more.

(1h 38m 45s):
Don't forget re watchable night shift is up. you can watch on The Ringer movies YouTube channel as well. you can watch all the clips from this podcast and the Bill Simmons YouTube channel. I will see you on Thursday. Must be 21 plus in President Select states for Kansas and affiliation with Kansas Star Casino or 18 plus in President DC.

(1h 39m 26s):
Gambling problem call 100 gambler. Visit rg help.com. Call 1 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org/chat in Connecticut. Or visit md gambling help.org in Maryland. Hope is here. Visit gambling helpline ma.org or call 803 2 7 50 50 for twenty four seven. Support Massachusetts. Or call 1 8 7 7 8 Hope ny. Or text Hope NY in New York.