
What's happening, it's Todd McShay and I'm back with a new home and a new show at The Ringer and Spotify. The McShay Show. It's a video and audio podcast coming to you year round with all my NFL draft information, big boards, mock drafts and player movement. Plus I'll be chatting with some of my best friends in football, including some of your favorite football analysts. During the week, we'll have episodes on Tuesdays and Thursdays that'll include discussions about my player rankings, who's rising, who's falling, and who your NFL team should be keeping an eye on. Plus, we'll be reacting each week to the college football playoff polls and giving you previews and picks for each Saturday slate. In addition, I'll have episodes on Saturday nights with my immediate reaction to the full day in college football every week.


So if you love the college game, the NFL, the draft or all of it like me, make sure to like, follow, subscribe, and get ready for the McShay show on The Ringer, Spotify, and wherever you watch or listen to podcasts.


This episode of The Bill. Simmons Podcast is brought to you by RayBan Meta Smart Glasses built with meta ai. RayBan meta smart glasses react to what you see so you can learn more about the world around you. you can also take hands free photos, videos, send messages, make video calls, even play music and podcasts straight from your glasses with Ray Band Meta.


This episode is brought to you by State Farm. State Farm helps you score an affordable price when you choose to bundle home and auto insurance with personal price plan, bundling home and auto. That's a pro move. Just another way you can save on your insurance needs. Talk to a State Farm agent today to learn how you can bundle and save with the personal price plan like a good neighbor. State Farm is there. Prices are based on rating plans that vary by state coverage. Options are selected by the customer availability. Amount of discounts and savings and eligibility vary by state.


We're also brought to by The Ringer Podcast Network Put up a new re watchable on Monday night. We did meet the parents. It was me and Kyle Brant. I had a great time. You can watch it on The Ringer movies YouTube channel as well. You can follow the re watchable on Twitter. It's at the re watchable. We had a dramatic movement in the re watchable standings de Niro, that was the 13th De Niro movie we've done. So he moved into a second place Tie Al Pacino. We've done 13 of each. Cruz is still leading the way at 15. I feel like we're gonna get to 20 cruise movies before everything is said and done. So check that out. You can check out the Bill Simmons YouTube channel as well where we put clips and videos from this podcast where we go live on Sunday nights with Cousin Sal during the NFL season and Coming up on this podcast.


We taped it late. We wanted to wait for all these NBA Cup games to end. We wanted to see Klay Thompson go back to Golden State. We wanna see Celtics Hawks. There was a whole bunch of good games, a lot of of themes to talk about. So I asked Kurt Goldsberry and Dave Jacoby to stay up late with me and we're a whole bunch of basketball stuff. It's all next our All right, we are taping this.


It is 9 45 Pacific time. I had the instinct to wait to watch all of these NBA Cup games tonight 'cause I felt like something good was gonna happen. I talked Dave Jacoby into staying up super late on the East Coast and then Kurt Goldsberry staying up late as well in the good state of Texas. It's a little easier for me, but Klay came back to Golden State. We'll start there. There's a bunch of games to cover. The game was awesome and Jacoby, my big takeaway from that game, and we'll get into the staff, the Klay, all that stuff, but that felt like a round two or a round three playoff game to me and I didn't, I wasn't positive that the Warriors maybe were ready to swim in that pool yet, despite all the evidence, they've had some good games, they have a good record.


But that tonight felt like round two or round three to me. What'd you think? I was so sick of this game by like four o'clock this afternoon. It was just the coverage just over and so much, so much Klay returning and like, no way I know about Klay. I didn't think that he cared that much, but it lived up to all the hype. Like even the the, the announcement I, I got, I, I cry very easily, so I got a little like emotional. I didn't cry, but I got a little, little emotional. I was about to, I was like, God, I can't believe he's not crying. And then the start the Game. Do you e ejaculate? Give him the ball. Do Give him the ball. The first play gets bowed, he goes to the line. But it was up and down for Klay. Like I, I felt so like connected to him and I was rooting for him so hard.


He had an airball at the side of the backboard of the third quarter and then another airball after that. And I was like, oh no, this is falling apart. But then he had a, a nice little flourish in the fourth quarter and it, the whole day I was, I was, I was skeptical about this entire experience watching this basketball tonight and I could not have enjoyed it more Kirk, he didn't even mentioned Steph Curry who is back with a capital B doing Steph Curry stuff. I was thinking as he was, as he was doing it, I'm gonna really miss it when it's gone like, like, like a 10 out of 10 I think about the future when we don't have Yoic and Curry and it just makes me sad 'cause those are my two favorite day-to-Day League Pass guys.


I'm just trying to appreciate in the moment. But he did it again. It was almost like it was Clay's night and there was a little like he had to big boy the night a little bit it felt like, didn't you? Yeah, definitely. And I think it felt like the Warriors were gonna lose that game. I think they were down seven or something I wanna say. Yeah. And then Stefan just, yeah, he was like, I'm, I'm the prime splash brother right now and I'm going to take over. And I feel like we're seeing the night night more often than ever starting with the Olympics, but also I think that's two night nights we've seen this week alone. But this one was especially sort of potent with, with Klay who had a pretty good shooting night. A couple of bad ones like Jacoby said yes, but still ended up, it was nice to see Klay make six threes.


But you're right, Stephan made the most impressive ones when the game was on the line. It was just awesome. Well, the cool thing, you know, these are guys that we weren't sure if we, we may have seen the best of all of 'em, right? Especially Klay Draymond last year was like, is this guy even gonna be able to be a functional, you know, NBA star for seven months a year? And then Curry, you know, even before the Olympics. It's like, all right, are guys passing him now? Is SGA ahead of him? We're doing this ringer 100 exercise with the voting next week. And you know, that was always a tough one to put Curry in because you gotta bring the resume and the experience and all the stuff he is done over the years, but he still has to back it up every once in a while. And I felt like, like he did it today.


But the, the, the Klay piece of itch cos so as the Celtic fan, I, we had guys come back but they were like washed up versions of themselves. Like Robert Parrish came back, I forget it was whether he was on Charlotte or Chicago, it was like over, he was hanging on for a few more paychecks. It's like, oh, the chief man, it's so glad he is doing well. We never had, I don't remember a core guy coming back like this and the emotions that you would feel, the the closest thing I could come to is when Bird was coaching the Pacers and he would come back as the Pacers coach is like, ah, this sucks. You know, like got Larry Bird on the other side.


But you know, you're a natural skeptic. You're an emotional skeptic from time to time. Yes. You're a zacker. Yes. You tried to zag against Weby early this season. I loved it. I thought it was great, but but yet you're an emotional guy too, so this is, this is gamut of emotions for you here. And I was, there was just so much coverage of it and he literally said, he is like, I'm so locked in, I don't talk to those guys anymore. And I was like, huh. But yeah, that was weird. He's been, he's been well chronicled as sort of like a little bit of an aloof sort of like zen master goofball and that just makes him more likable. I mean, I'm sure you remember the Grantland days and the Klay theism and all of that and like, I just felt like he's not the type to get wrapped up in this the way other players would.


But when you, you could tell that he was wrapped up in it and, and as was I, as was I and the game lived up to it. Like I was very skeptical of this whole, I'm sure we'll talk about the, the Emirates NBA cup and then the whole thing. But I was just, I'm going, What is Emirate Emirates an airline? What is, is it airline? It's an, it's an airline. Okay. It's an airline. They will, they'll take you straight to Abu Dhabi. Yeah. Great. Okay, good, good to Know. Yeah, yeah, yeah. And I was skeptical of the whole thing, the entire thing. But I walk away from tonight being like, I don't even have anything to complain about. I really, really don't.


It was a great six hours. It reminded me of, remember we would always tease Jalen about somebody that we knew he wasn't cool with and he is like, no, no, we're cool, we're cool. No, no, no, we're fine. I I wonder if like, that's Klay talking about the Warriors. I have no idea how much he talks to those guys. If the, if you read between the lines with all the warrior stuff, everyone seemed to think it was time for him to move on. Even the warrior side, it's like, hey man, the guy was unhappy last year, which, you know, Kirk, like you spent some time with the Spurs Kauai, the situation was a little similar, right? I mean it was way more acrimonious, but it hit a point where it's like, all right, this isn't work anymore. It's time for this dude to, to move on.


and it, and it seems like everybody's happy. But at the same time when they're going against each other in a playoff game and Curry's doing the night night and you know, grabbing the golden state chairs, it's like, ah, there's a little bit of a fuck you in this. Fuck you. But they all have captain's hats on while they're saying fuck you to em, I guess, but Right Dude, it was the CBA is a very cruel device. It's not a very nostalgic device. And I think, you know, this version of it Bill is really just so harsh on teams and it's so punitive for teams that overspend on players that, that aren't good enough for numbers. Yeah. And that's what Klay was getting to. And dude, I think forget tonight, just for a second, they're, they're nine and two.


They won in Boston. They got beat in Cleveland, they won at Oklahoma City and then they just beat a Dallas team. They're on a hell of a run here. They look deep. And I'm here to say that, that Mike Dunleavy and that group, as hard as this choice was, it looks like they made the right team building choice to get the last maybe chance with Stephan Curry to get an MVP or to compete for a championship. So as hard as it was, I think they made the right call. Kirk's lights literally just turned off as he was up at that point. No, and and you saw tonight Buddy Hill was on the bench for crunch time. Right. That would've been Klay.


'cause they needed the defense from that two guard spot. So Melton was out there and and that was, that was the different, I I really respect what they did because they're over under, I think before the year, I think it was 43 and a half and, and like their playing odds were even odds. I don't think any, it just felt like a team in transition that was kind of trying to chug along until January, February to make a trade for a disgruntled superstar was the vibe. But watching them these first three weeks, I don't know Jacob, do they feel like, would you go fringe contender real contender? Where, how, where would you go? No, no. Fringe contend Cont contender. Good story. Good start team.


I don't think this is scalable. Oh, the rabbit. I don't think this. Yeah, yeah. This is not, this is not like a a 55 win two seed in the West. I just, I just do not see it. I don't see it. I think this is a, a fast out of the gate team that will come back down to Earth very, very soon. See I see it because of the defense. I think that, you know, when we get to April may defense is what starts to separate people. And the defense that they play to me is top five from what I'm watching. Especially when you think Minnesota slipped defensively, the Knicks have slipped defensively. You start going around the league and asking yourself who actually can play defense? I dunno. Yeah. How many, how many defenses do you love Kirk? No, not many. And that when they've won the championship, that's been their formula.


They're gonna be remembered for all the threes. But the defense, the Draymond has been running for years is, is great. And in this game down the stretch, bill was was a great example. We had Wiggins like really guarding Donius about as well as anybody can. Yeah, Welcome back. Andrew Wiggins welcome back to the league. He looks different. And then you have Draymond himself really getting into Gafford and some of the key moments and turning that seven point lead into a tie game. And so the d everybody's gonna think of this game. It's like a microcosm, everybody's gonna think of this game for Steph in those late threes. But it was also some major stops by some a plus defenders. I I I will zag. I think this is for real. I think they could be 14 and two, I agree in their next, if we, we wake up in a week or two, they're 14 and two, if you look at their next five games, that really seems like a contender assuming stuff and Draymond are able to stay healthy, which at their age is, is a big question.


Obviously Jacoby still time, still time to get on the bandwagon. I'm off. They're playing the banged up grizzlies at Clippers, home Hawks at Pelicans and at your guy Weby. That's the next five. This is the same thing that's happening with the Bucks is we're going to think very, very highly of the Warriors in two weeks. And we're going to think that the Bucks have have righted the ship in two weeks, but it's just schedule based. It's not basketball based. Who, who's it outside of Steph, Who's such a party. Get Jesus, what's happening to you bucket? What's happening to you? Is it the three kids?


Is that why you've become a negative guy? No, No. You were so positive and happy now you're just ground down by fatherhood now you're just a negative. Is it Steph Curry? It's Steph Curry and he's great. Yeah, but here's I, it's Steph Curry, but it's also Wiggins looking like Wiggins from two, three years ago. Right. And it's Draymond, no drama yet from him looking about his athletic as he is looked in a couple years. And that, that was the surprise to me because if you had told me they were gonna trade him this summer of 2024, I'd have been like, you're right. It's time. Too much drama. Too many things have happened. Maybe fresh start, try to get some assets. But now that would be crazy when you watch this guy play now he is still one of the best five or six defensive supporters.


With that said, he'll probably do something dumb in the next 48 hours and that'll be it. I mean he almost did it the other day. He did the flailing thing. Jacobs, I have a really important question to ask you about the night Night. Okay. You're, I I don't ask the question, I'll give you the answer. Okay. I think it needs to be reserved like a Mike Green bang. It's, I think it's, it's being overused and it still like A double, like a Mike Green double bang. Yeah. Or a Mike Green bang. No, no. Just a bang. You know what I mean? Ah, probably a double bang. So a 1.5 bang. It just, it's being overused and it's losing it. It's diluting its effectiveness. It's being overused. 'cause he is winning These major games. He beat Oklahoma City on their home court the other night.


He beats Klay tonight, he wins the freaking gold medal. Like these are not, he's not out there overusing it. So can I be the tie breaking boat? I love it. I think it's great. It's, it's become like almost like a wrestling finishing move now. Now I'm like, want it now? When he went up 4 25 seconds. I was like, do it. Do the night, night, do it. It's great. It's also good because it brings out like dad vibes. It's like go to bed, little child night night. It's just very condescending. Well, and also it, it brings back memories to the France game, which was like a legitimately great American sports moment. And so every time he does it, I think of that.


But I I I just feel like LeBron must be furious that he didn't think of this. Like he's probably fired his, his like quirk management, whoever the guy is on his team. Quirk edition management. It's like, how did you not gimme the nine nine? I would've been doing that in like 2013. You you gave me a book, you gave me the Godfather. That was supposed to be my thing. Yeah. Read It. You guys were supposed to come up with ideas like this for me. Why don't I end the night night? Yes. What I do, I do this weird stomp thing where I pound my chest. It sucks. Kirk, where do you see Dallas right now? Dallas. In the whole contender hierarchy for you? Because it, they're a little off, but I think it's mostly 'cause Luca doesn't look like Luca.


These Are the exact games that we're not seeing the Eastern conference. So it's, it's unfair for me to almost judge them. They didn't really click until the second half of last year. Yeah. And that's probably generous. It was really February when this team really started to click. So with the addition of of Klay Thompson, I think they're gonna be very good. They're five and six I think, which is probably not what they want to be. But dude, I'll, I'll, I'll say I'm not worried about the Dallas Mavericks. I think their defense will come around. I think if you have Luca and Klay and Kyrie, your offense is gonna be fine against every team in the league. So I'm not worried.


I think this is just an awkward start. And they're playing the kinds of opponents bill that we're not seeing Eastern Conference teams have to play. I was watching some of these Eastern Conference Emirates Cup games this evening and some of the, some of the basketball wasn't as good. I would say I, I noticed. So you're right. The Emirates Cup is better last year. Maybe it's peaked. I dunno, I dunno. I'll tell you what I don't like about the Klay Thompson era in Dallas when he takes 17 shots in a game and Kyrie Irving takes 13. If I'm the other team, I'm like, great, that sounds awesome.


So Clay's gonna take the second most shots on your team. Fantastic. We'll sign up for that right now. Because I felt like Kyrie could have gone by anybody who wanted in that game tonight. And I still think he's terrifying. And I still feel like, I know there are clay's like the new toy, you know, it's like when Jacob's when we used to play pickup once upon a time, we'd bring the third person and we try to get them involved in the first game, then we wanna stay in the court. We went back to what we did. Same thing. I eventually Klay is gonna be, Hey Klay, stand in the corner and you'll get your a threes and, but the big boys are gonna handle this down the stretch. Right. That's how this will play out, I would guess. I I think so Bill, I have a question for you.


Yeah. and it, it's, it's really about me. The the Emirates BA cup is Is the N NBA cup presented by Emirates or is it the Emirates? NBA cup? It's the Emirates NBA cup. My Bad. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Okay. Yeah. And and it's additive. It's very core. It is additive. Like these games would be played anyway at sort of a, a lower level of competition on a less cool looking court. Yeah. And we get a weekend in Vegas with two good games. It's there, there's, there's nothing I can like poke holes in logically about it. 'cause it doesn't take anything from me. It gives me extra. But I'm asking you what is my problem with it?


So my son who was doing homework tonight, like a good boy oh boy came in and he is like, how come the courts are different? I'm like, ah, it's the NBA cup. And he is looking, he is, there's three games on. He is looking at the courts. He's like, yeah, what's the point of this? And I'm like, what do you mean? And he is like, what's the point? And I was like, well they did it last year. Remember the Lakers won. He is like, yeah, what's the point of this? And I was like, well they, you know the five and then they go to Vegas and you win. And, and, and the coaches get more money and the players get money and it is like, doesn't everyone already have money? I'm like Yeah, but you know the courts and so you, as long as you just don't think what's the point?


I think you can allow yourself to have fun. But that said Kirk, I was so excited. The Celtics, you know, I don't love Celtic glosses, but I also don't want them to go to Vegas and play the two extra games. So I was like, if they're gonna lose to the Hawks and the first day of the NBA cup, I wasn't shedding tears. Where do you stand on the NBA cup Kirk? I like it. I think we're gonna need to see a little bit more. I have to say if the three of us are kind of confused by the format, that's not a good sign. I think like the six groups of five teams where point differential matters, I challenge you to name any group and list the teams in it right now. Like none of us can do That. That's a problem. Yeah. When you can't name any of the groups in a thing built around the groups probably a fundamental flaw.


Yeah. I didn't know the Hawks were in the Celtics group until the game started, you know, so I think some people have said, Hey, maybe we should just do this with the divisions and send a division rep to Vegas. Maybe a couple of wildcard. I don't know what the solution is. I like the idea and I believe old school Bill Simmons maybe Yellow page. Page two. Page two. Bill Simmons Bill Simmons actually advocated for an in-season. Turn in listen someplace. I like It. So This is you, you did this bill. Now keep the credit. I like it. I I mean there's, there's a reason we waited to do the podcast till after day one of the NBA cup. I was, first of all, I was excited they finally got a name for it. 'cause last year we were calling it the IST Remember it Sounds like, it sounds like, sounds like something You get tested for.


You're really concerned about the results. Yeah. It's like, oh my god, my IST came back. I I might have came back. Pacers. There's the reason I rash of my balls. I have IST this year we have the NBA Cups presented by EMREs. Em, Emirates. Emirates. Emirates, Emirates. So here's three things I like. One is they finally the NBA cup. I like two. I think the courts are fun to either enjoy or complain about. Like the Celtics court tonight looked like a nuclear reactor. Hit it awful. The number one thing though is how everyone has to try into the bitter end because of this point differential. Yeah. There was a moment in that Portland, Minnesota game. They're up 16 with five seconds left.


And like Jeremy Grant got thrown outta bounds and I I thought there was gonna be a fight. All the timber of starters were in, they were down 16, they inbounded the ball, they're like flying down to get like a layup. I was like, all right, that's cool. At least we got guys trying Tips. Tips is just running his normal rotation. I was looking at all the starters for the Nixon and I was like, oh well this is what he does anyway. So. Right. There's nothing has changed. Nothing has changed there. But again, like it's, it's all additive. It's just all additive. Like I, I really don't understand what I don't like about it because it just gives us more competitive basketball during a lull In the season. No, I know what you don't like about it. You don't like contrive This cool weekend. You don't like contrived things.


It's fundamentally this is contrived but I still think it works. What were you gonna say Kirk? I don't think it should be in Vegas. And apologies to our friends in Nevada, but I went there Bill, I remember I saw you in the concourse on the semi-final day. Remember I think it was a Tuesday and they had the two semi-finals back to back. They clear out the building and bring in another audience. And that's a plot point. I think this should be in Barclays in Madison Square Garden. And then the finals should be in Madison Square Garden. 'cause it was felt so weird to be in Vegas in the middle of the day. None of the teams fans were there. Like the Pacers fans couldn't make it out 'cause they didn't know they were going there until like three days previous or something. Hmm. So I wonder if it would be better in New York City where it would be dark outside.


There's if, if you go to Brooklyn there are Pacers fans or Bucks fans or whoever else is making these semi-finals. They're already in New York. So I think they would be attended better. And I think, yeah there's just the Vegas during the 2:00 PM tip off in on a Tuesday just felt really weird. But that would be one of the things I'd look at for them is bring it to the east coast where Jacobi is, where there's two great arenas are and tons of basketball fans. So bring it to Jacobi. That's what you're saying. Yeah. Bring it to love This to Jacob, bring it to Jacobi, bring it to the East coast. And by the way, just put another meaningful basketball game in Madison Square Garden every year. What's wrong with that? See I think the reason they're not doing that, Kirk, this is all part of the N NBA's master plan. Oh yeah.


$6 billion expansion team. They're gonna make it a process that's not gonna be an auction. It's gonna be, this is the price you're gonna pay it. And by the way, wink, wink preferential treatment, if you're building us a new arena in Vegas that's built for basketball only, they build this awesome arena downtown. Whoever gets the group. So it's 6 billion for the team, another 2 billion for the arena. And then that is the arena that becomes for the NBA team, for the ACEs for the summer league and then for this NBA cup. And I think that's why it stays in Vegas. I don't think it ever leaves. That would be my guess. Does that make sense? That makes sense. and it probably is what they're doing. But yeah, it just, yeah, They have Vegas.


Vegas is in their sights as I think they want it almost to be like the hub of the league in a lot of ways. It feels like lots more to discuss. We're gonna take a quick break.


Well the NBA is in full swing and FanDuel is America's number one sports book. As you know. They want you to catch all the action. Right now FanDuel giving everyone three months of NBA league pass. All you have to do to catch every tip off and buzzer beater is place any $5 bet on the NBA. I mean you could watch the Cleveland Cavaliers. Are they ever gonna lose? What's gonna happen with this team is this the 2015 Warriors recreated? Go check 'em out for yourself. Next time you get a hunch on who's gonna win or how many points a player will score, you can watch your picks come to life live. Just visit FanDuel dot com slash bs to get three months of BA League Pass courtesy of FanDuel. Make every moment more with FanDuel official sports book partner of the NBA. You must be 21 plus and President Select states or 18 plus and President DC. After three month freetrial, the full price of League Pass will be automatically charged monthly. Cancel any time no refunds, terms restrictions that embargoes apply a limit one pass per customer. See terms at Sportsbook fan called gambler or visit rg help com.


This episode is brought to you by the all new Reimagined Nissan kicks from the bold new exterior to the performance and tech features like intelligent all-Wheel drive and a Bose personal plus sound system. Cars where I live, I live in the Los Angeles area and cars are one of the most important things you can have. 'cause you're in them a lot because you gotta drive around all over the place. You know what's fun? To have a nice car for an everyday commute to have music and the ability to do hands-free stuff. And just to feel safe, you can do it. Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan kicks today. Head over to Nissan USA to learn more. Bose Personal plus sound system is an available feature. Bose is a registered trademark in the Bose Corporation. Intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


This episode is brought to you by SimpliSafe. It is football season, which means the holidays are Coming up and actually SimpliSafe is already having a Black Friday sale. So if you're worried about the safety of your home and family, now is the time to get home security. I personally like to use SimpliSafe because they can stop intruders before they break into your home. That's kind of the goal. I think they take home security to the next level. their active guard outdoor protection. It's not an old school system. They only take action when somebody is already in your house. No, that's not SimpliSafe. They take action before somebody gets in your house. There's no long term contracts, No cancellation fees. It's around $1 a day. and it gives me peace of mind and helps me and my family feel protected. So take advantage of this Black Friday sale this week only right now you can take 60% off any new system with a select professional monitoring plan at to SimpliSafe dot com slash bs two, claim your discount and make sure your home is safe this season. Keep your home, your family, and your peace of mind protected with SimpliSafe. Again, go to SimpliSafe dot com slash bs. That is SimpliSafe with two eyes. There's no safe like SimpliSafe.


So Hawk Celtics tonight, which was the game of the day in a lot of ways because it was the biggest upset. The Hawks were 16 point underdogs on FanDuel heading into the game, which I thought was ridiculous because the line was reflective of that. Trey Young wasn't playing. And as a Celtic fan I was like, crap, Trey Young's not playing. Now they're gonna just have long athletic guys and they're gonna actually play defense and we're not gonna be able to just pick on Trey Young with every offensive possession in the last nine minutes of the game. No shots fired at Trey, but shots fired at Trey because that's what Boston would've done. I thought the Hawk stumbled into their team tonight, guys. It's Jalen Johnson and Reese Shea and Dyson Daniels who is now the best defensive swing in the league.


I think if and if he's not, he is in the conversation for it. And it's just this athletic team with two bigs doesn't really matter who's in that guard spot. It could be Bogdanovich when he comes back, but it's a team without Trey that I thought fell into place. What, what'd you think? Jacobs watching him? Dyson Daniels, I mean, had a career night tonight, so it's easy to celebrate him. But he has been playing really well all year for the Hawks. And, and then you mix in Keaton Wallace and then you kind of start to get this like, kind of like Oklahoma City thunder light thing going on. Yeah. Where we got a bunch of long, fast defenders that are capable on the offensive side, but it's really hard to get baskets on.


And you could tell that Daniels was just getting up and Jason Tatum early, just like regular normal actions that he does just goes around a screen and Daniel sticks his shoulder in there. He got called for a foul on one, but he was just, he was just making Jason Tatum uncomfortable the entire time. And I was, I was really enjoying the game. But I was very, very thrown by Quin Snyder, Sally, Jesse Raphael classes. I, I don't know what that was. And if you're younger, she used to have a talk show in the afternoon. Yeah. They used to be really important for some reason. And she always wore red frames and I'm like, Quin Snyder. What, what, what made you do that? What made you do that? He's, he's been, he's been acting super goofy on the sidelines with his looks for, for two years, years.


So Daniels was in the Deonte Me trade and the trade was Daniels Nance and unprotected 2025 Lakers first and the worst of either a Pelicans or a Bucks 2027 first. Which now seems a lot more enticing than it did over the summer. But I was watching the game tonight. Just honestly thinking Murray versus Daniels. Who would I rather have? Especially like with The Ringer a hundred. I just think Daniels is a better asset. What he does is more unusual. I think he's 21 or 22. Somebody that never really got a chance to play in the Pelicans. 'cause they had so many wings ahead of 'em and they even had Herb Jones who did a lot of the same stuff that he does.


I I think you've do it over again Kirk, just Daniels for Murray feels like a pretty fair trade. Not to mention all the other stuff they had. That's one of the better trades anyone's made. It almost makes up for all the shit they gave up for Murray in the first place. What, like who would you rather have? Daniels or Murray? Well, I, I think Daniels is the defender that Atlanta thought they were getting with Deonte, but Deonte just never showed up as a defender for them. It didn't work. Mm. I love Dyson Daniels. I think he's had freaking six steals, three games in a row Bill that is like Kawhi Leonard stuff. We don't see those numbers. He's a legitimate defensive player of the year candidate.


And you're right, like looking back at that trade, I think it's fair to be, you know, it's fair to be on the bland of side of the deal at this point. 'cause I think Larry Nance also played very well tonight. He's at least a nice rotation piece and New Orleans misses him too. And yeah. Yeah. They miss, He was finishing games for them last year. He's a great player. A great rotation piece I should say. And I think that Jalen Johnson is the other revelation. This dude had a triple double tonight. And when Trey Young is out there, we don't see these guys get to do this. I know when Trey Young is out there, we see Trey Young being Trey Young almost every trip down the floor. And so to, for me tonight, I thought it was rebel.


I don't know if this is sustainable, but I didn't know Jalen Johnson had that. I didn't know that he could go out and get tennis assists and score the ball and rebound the ball like that. And essentially being a leader. And Dyson Daniels also sort of a really powerful two-way playmaker, which just quirky offensive game. But I agree. I think this, at least this game makes you think about an Atlanta future without Trey Young in it. And he has the ball alive for them. It was the situation where he would come out of the game, the game and then Jalen Johnson would have the ball a lot Daniel sometime. and it, and it almost feels like they're interchangeable when they have Reese she out there, it, it feels like they just have these six, nine interchangeable, all kind of multi-skilled good defenders.


They know how to play Jacob's. Is it time, do we, do we open, do we open the trade machine for Trey Young, The trade See The Tre machine? Who wants Trey Young? That's the issue. That's good question. Yeah. I was just like, who, what team is Tre Young away from wherever they want to be? 'cause there is not one, in my mind, there's not a single team that is willing to give up what it takes to bring Tre Young in just salary wise that makes them better. Like, who is Tre Young away from their goals? Answer that Question. It's, it's an incredible question. And I look through as, you know, I'm the Picasso, the trade machine.


I'm like, I'll find three trades right now, like snap my fingers, it's gonna happen. And you start going through and it's like, eh, they probably don't want 'em. Well they have a point guard. Well what do they like it team like Brooklyn. Well, what do they want Trey Young for? They're actually playing well. Like they don't, it's not like they're, what's he gonna do for them? Oh, Washington, would they trade Jordan pool and picks for Trey Young? Why would you do that? You start going through all the teams and honestly, the only team I could find was the Lakers. No, that was it. But Just think about what you're adding to what you're putting into the, the fish tank. Hold on. If you're another player, I think he might have found a Jacob The Lakers.


Do they like their point guard right now? So that's where you have to go. Where it's like, it's, it's, it's DeAngelo Russell expiring. It's Rui just to make the contracts work. It's what did they did that Hood Shino, which they made him that his contract's now expiring and then they have a couple first. And it's like, here's your chance to get out of the tray young business, get some picks and build the team around Jalen Johnson and Dyson Daniels. Which by the way, I think's a good idea. And by the way, Trey Young's not playing well this year. Why? But Why would the Lakers do that? You're gonna call JJ Redock and be like, oh, we made a trade. Why Lakers Do that? They traded for Westbrook Fair. Why did they do anything When you're, when you add Trey Young to the team, every other player that is still on the team is going to be like, this is gonna be hell every other player.


Unless you're just like a, a lo catcher. Every Single person in the locker room. I mean him and Davis. I kind combo. I'm I'm pushing it. 'cause I really want the Lakers to do it. Now I, here's my other scenario for the Hawks. Lifelong Laker fan. Bill Simmons always written for the Lakers. What if I offered you Trey Young sixth man just, just staring at me like the heads of two chickens? Well, Yeah. Well how much are you gonna paid the sixth man Just young coming Off the bench. 2 million I think. Yeah, It's like, you know what? He overpaid, but he's a heat check guy coming off the bench for us. 22 minutes a game. Oh, you're not happy. Too bad.


No, No. I don't know. I'm I I'm just trying to figure out outs for them because I think they know they're the team I saw tonight is the team. They should be. Here's What's happening, bill is you like the Hawks and I like the Hawks. I do, I wa I've watched a lot of hawk This year and you wanna see this, you wanna see this version of the Hawks? You like this version of the Hawks? I do better than the Tre Young version. So let me offer this to you. I like, I like Snyder defense length hawks. That's defense. Link Hawks is my hawks. Let's, let's let, do you know who we offer? Sixth man, Tre Young to the fucking Hawks. That's was, that's you You offered Her to That was my point. Yeah. Trey, I thought you were trying to offer to another team like they're coming off the bench.


No, no. Hey Young, this is gonna, John EK came off the bench. Kevin McKay came off the bench. He's like, who? Great Claire. Who are these people? Great Cars have come off the bench. Yeah. The big picture point is I, you would've thought like, oh we'll find three teams for tram. But there's so many point guards now and everyone's so afraid of taking salary that I don't know what the move is. So you could've probably talked New Orleans into it over the summer, but they traded Murray there. So I don't know, is there any other team you could think of? Is, is no Kirk the Spurs, that's a no go, right? Hell no. That's a hell no. I, yeah and I think Jacoby hit on it and I actually texted a couple of friends around the league just to, just to take their temperature on it.


Yeah. They said there's no market for this guy. I don't know if they're right or wrong, but the number is again, the, the CBA is not this old CBA like it is. Yeah. It's brutal If you start overpaying for, for talent, particularly starting guard. So I, yeah, everybody has a point guard as we said. And I think he, he's, he's not sort of enchanting anybody around the league, but I do like the idea of him taking a six man role in Atlanta. I don't know if they can pull that off, but that would be interesting to see come to play. Yeah, because you think like Brandon Ingram, nobody wanted him all summer.


David Griffin basically put him on eBay and, and everybody said, no, no, we're good. And then you watch the season, they had some injuries and he is 25 a game and he's finishing games for them as the crunch time guy. He's the guy with the ball in his hands the last two minutes. Nobody wanted him over the course of the summer. Nobody wants Cleve who's averaging I think 23 or 24 a game for the Bulls. It feels like there's this inflection point with prices. And I, I think another one honestly is Dame, I like people. They're like, Milwaukee blows it up. They'll trade Giannis, they'll trade Dame. It's like, will they trade? Dame Dame's gonna make 60 million in two years, by the way. Watch them play tonight. That's much like the hawks. Like they were actually playing defense tonight 'cause he was out of the game.


So I I I might, there might just be some guys that, it's just the, the salary makes it a non-negotiable trade. I don't know. What were you gonna say Jacobs? Well, two things. Number one, and also like, let's just not forget just how much Trey Young has the ball in his hands at all times and it ineffective without it. So you, you put him on a team in an ecosystem. You, you're basically just signing up for a Luca Donit like offense without Luca Donit like performance. And one thing, one thing that we haven't discussed enough is, you know, I don't, I don't like watch too much college basketball and grind tape. I study up before the draft on the guys. But all we heard about was how bad this draft was, how bad this draft was. I watched Zachary, Reese Shea absolutely cook the New York Knicks like Reese Shea thus far and we're like 11 games in, has looked like a number one pick.


He really has. And like, and I, I, you know, happiness is a function of expectations. My expectations were low enough for all these rookies that Reese, shes has been like, I'm like, yeah, that's, that's a piece. That's a, that's a piece for 10 years. Should have contacted you a month ago when I bought all that property on Reese. She island house of Mar. Thought I was kidding. Well it's a develop, it's a developing part of France. You know, everyone talks about Monica and Nice that's great. Great shots Reese, you know. Yeah, yeah. Get chance. The water, by the way, I forgot to mention this with Dyson Daniels, our friends, the NBA University Twitter feed, which is really good. They had deflections per game plus total steals. And they had the leaders, and by the way, number two on the list was Nicole, yo guy who allegedly can't play defense and yet is always in the right spots touching everything.


But he was 4.4 in Obie is 4.2 Caruso's, 4.1. Dyson Daniels was 7.3. He's almost three higher than everyone else in the league. And tonight I think he had like nine or 10. When you watch him on defense, it's like watching a free safety in football who like is just touching everything or almost getting an interception or hitting guys before I, I I was blown away by him. Now the, the key to the game for the Hawks was that Tatum, I don't think Tatum should have played. I think they made a mistake 'cause Gianni stepped on his foot in the Bucks game. He didn't have the same burst. I thought he was pretty tentative. Jalen carried that Jalen and Derek White carried them, but he kind of ate up Tatum.


And I think if it was Tatum from five days ago, maybe it's not exactly the same. But, but I, I don't know man, I, I've been watching this talks all year. That was one of my over under locks. It's like, I think 37 and a half, it was down to 32 and a half. I bet more on it on Boston. I like this talks team. One more thing about the, this whole combo guys who made a leap this season. The Hawks have too. Jalen Johnson and Daniels Lalo obviously made a leap. Jacoby you and you and you and Veno talked about that today in a podcast where the highlight of the podcast was Veno trying to figure out if Michael Jordan had ever had 15 assistant a game and then being unable to Google it for three minutes.


I thought we were gonna edit that out. I'm gonna Google right now. It's like, hold on, we're gonna take a break, come back. I'm still Googling it. It just took forever. Why didn't he just Google Michael Jordan's game career game logs. That should take him five seconds. But anyway, you talked about, you talked about Lalo on that pod, how the joy that he's playing with they got killed tonight and I think Cade's another one that seems like he went a notch up Kirk, who else do you have that you feel like is just different than last Year? Grady Dick. Hmm. I agree. Gr Grady Dick is leading all sophomore players in scoring, which is insane.


He's ahead. He Has, he has the ball a lot. He's Like their primary offensive playmaker in some, yeah, in some, in some parts of the game. So I did not expect to see that he had 32 tonight. I think there was the game they should have won against Denver last week and that dude had 26. Yeah. Like this guy ha he, he doesn't look like an NBA player. His face changes color depending on what quarter we're in. And He's, He plays such a weird kind of aggressive Slashy game. I thought he was gonna be more of a spot up shooter. But he has made a, a leap and, and Toronto looks like they have something there that I didn't expect to have last year.


You know what Grady Dick, what I like about him, he is like the guy who shows up and pick up that you're like, who the fuck is this guy? And then you, you start watching him play and he does like a 27 foot step back and makes it and starts talking shit. You're like, what's going on with this guy? He's very unusual. I feel like he, he occupies a specific part of the NBA universe with Tyler Hero and they're just kind of over on the side. Like there's only Is there anybody else like that? Jacobs Well the thing about Grady Dick is he didn't really do much last year beside like wear wear a cool draft suit and like exchange jerseys with Anthony Black. Yeah. That's kind of like what I remember about him and, and like, like Kirk, I was like, oh this guy's a shooter.


He'll, you know, he'll shoot at 40%. There's always a spot for, for like a, a tall shooter that can play little defense. But then you watch the Raptors, which I do from time to time and he is like, he's he's getting to the rim. Yeah. Like he's finished it with knuckles at the rim, getting past his defender and like taking on a, a second help defender and scoring. I'm just like, where was this guy last year? Like what is this? And is it, and you know what, I'm gonna answer the question you asked Kirk too 'cause we were talking about it. RJ Barrett's kind of taken a little mini leap too. And, and my question for you Bill, 'cause you're always astute to, to sort of point this out is like they're gonna score 95 points, right? Somebody's gotta get the 90. It's good, it's gonna come from somewhere. So do you think these are actual mini leaps or it's just sort of a function of them being capable NBA players without superstars on their team?


No, the Grady Dick thing looks real to me because it seems like he can create shots for him and other players even in fourth quarters. I, it doesn't seem fluke to me at all. The RJ thing, you know, he would have these little runs even on the Knicks where he would have these little like four or five week where it's like, oh, RJ Barrett, oh did you see these numbers the last 11 games? And then he would dip down. So I dunno if I totally trust him. I I think somebody at The Ringer wrote about it this week. I think it was Michael Pina about, I think castle's really interesting and I, I know he is not a leap guy, but 'cause he is a rookie, but you know, I thought that was somebody, if I had to gun to my head who's gonna win rookie of the year, I probably would've picked him.


I I didn't feel good about any of the choices, but it feels like there's a lot of room on the ceiling for him. So I, I'm, I feel like he's gonna take a leap during the season potentially. There's a couple Portland guys that I think are in this combo too. The, I dunno if you saw tonight and there was some Scoot stuff tonight, There was some Scoot stuff, There was some scoot beating guys off the dribble banging off big bodies in traffic moments. There was some defense from Scoot, there was some chemistry. It seems like the whole bench is rooting for him. Anytime he does anything, there's guys jumping off the bench and That's not, that's not a good sign.


My rec team does that for me too. Like every time I hit a jump shot they celebrate because it's so bad. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Oh, it's one of those It's my confidence. Yeah, yeah, yeah. It's bad. It's really, it's annoying. You know, we, we should talk about the Portland, Minnesota, 'cause the Portland's the weirdest team in the week. They have three legitimate centers. So Nate, Robert Williams was awesome. Aon didn't play. Clinging comes in, he's really good too. They have all these swings and guards and it just seems like it would be a really hard team to coach. But I think they're a little bit better and a little bit friskier than, than maybe I expected. And what really happened is they, they beat Minnesota, who's now six and five.


Have we veered into the, is it time to start worrying about Minnesota stage of the season? Kirk, Again, I'm, I'm gonna say no. I think they deserve time to, to sort of implement their new pieces with Randall and, and Dante. This is a bad loss though. You can't lose to that team in the Emirates, NBA cup of all of all times to lose to a bad team. So I think I would've expected them to win this game. I still think the West is loaded. Again, these aren't the kinds of records. If they were playing on the East, they would have a much better record. So they're just playing tougher games, but they, They were down 20 to Portland with three minutes left.


Like, that's not great. It's not great. I think Finch is good. I love Ant I think that Gobert starts you at worst as the fifth ranked defense in the NBA. I think they're gonna be fine once they get settled into this season. Again, remember our Western conference champion last year didn't look good until February. Right. So, yeah, I think they, I think they're gonna come around. I think they're just too talented on both ends of the court. They have a good coach and they have depth. So I think this is just an awkward start from a group that hasn't really played basketball together very much. I dunno what do guys think? It's too early to sort of really be concerned about it, but I just, if you are a Timberwolves fan and you've con so I've, I've been watching Julius Randall play basketball for, for his entire stint on the Knicks.


Yeah. And there's been, there's been all star years and big huge games and big shots and big moments. But he's a very, very frustrating player to be a fan of. And I, I think that nights like tonight you see that where it's like you, you took nine shots, you're oh, for three, from three, you just didn't impact the game in any way, shape or form. And when you have someone like Anthony Edwards on the team, every time Randall has the ball, he starts to like operate. I'm like, I'd probably have that I'd, I'd rather have that other guy doing that, you know, because he does this like mid-range, sort of back down like, like super, super poor broke man Carmelo kind of turnaround from the baseline thing.


And it's, it's, it's very, very frustrating because it's just effective enough that he will keep on doing it. But on a team that also has Anthony Edwards, 'cause the Knicks didn't have a player that could get his own shot like Randall did, which is why he was so successful there. Yeah. But if you have Anthony Edwards, just the opportunity cost of his operating is just too great. So we just had an election, I'm not sure if you guys saw, we changed presidents again this last week. Did Emirate sponsor? Emirate sponsor it? One of the, one of the recurring themes every time you have an election is somebody does the, are we better off right now than we were four years ago?


Is always like a question, right? If I'm a Timberwolves fan, I'm just fundamentally big picture. I know we're gonna start early, these guys have to learn how to play together, all that stuff. Am I better off in mid-November than I was in mid-May would be the thing I'd be thinking about. And the answer is unequivocally no. No. The answer is no. You could say Edwards is a little better and a little more confident in the, the summer playing with all the stars, the things he learns is a better three point shooter. I get all of that. But the identity of that team really from January on last year, how good they were defensively, how tough they were to play with their size.


Just how fucking weird they were night to night and just that there was nobody else like them and you felt like they could overpower people with their size and their defense and get enough scoring to make it work. And now I watch them and I, I don't know what their superpower is other than Edwards, like Kirk's made the key point, like if you have go bear, you're still gonna be like one of the best seven defenses, but you're not gonna be compared to the 2004 pistons with the team they have now. And I know they have to figure it out, but I thought Dillingham was gonna play more for them. He's not playing at all. You know, they, they kept their fingers crossed with Joe Ingles that didn't work out. They lost Slowmo, who I thought was weirdly valuable for them last year.


McDaniels has finally gotten going a little bit for them. He was borderline unplayable before, but they just don't feel special to me. I have them, I, you know, OKC, Dallas, Denver, Phoenix, golden State, I think they're below all five of those teams. Kirk, is that crazy? I don't think that's crazy. Again, the west is so stacked, that being the fifth or the sixth seed over there is, is is no sort of bad situation. I mean that's a good team. Whoever's gonna land there is probably a pretty good team. Yeah. You know, I think they had to do something. You can't pay go bear an and towns, you just can't do that.


Right? That's not what their owner wants. And I hate to beat Cap guy, but part of this move was to get off the towns deal for all the out years and get, get some flexibility. Maybe get off Randall when he expires and have more flexibility for a team that's built around Anthony Edwards and Rudy Gobert long term with players like Nas Reed and Dante di Vincenzo and Nik Alexander Walker, who's been awesome. So, you know, again, this, this is the, the, the boring character in the NBA saga is the CBA. But I think it explains some of their, their, their reasoning for this trade in the first place. But are they better off as a basketball team?


No, you're right. They're not. Not right now. But long term, I think within the constraints of the, of the team building sort of apparatus that the league has put on us, they see a path to be a championship team with Anthony Edwards and Rudy Gobert and a bunch of great role players in depth. Whether that'll work, I don't know, I think they're gonna be fine. I think I'd put 'em at four or five right now. If I had to say in the west, I can't get there. And you know, I actually had talked myself into the Randall Vincenzo part of the trade Jacobs before the season. It's like, you know what into it. No, I was like, you know, the town's gobert thing was always weird. We put in Randall Randall's a proven 2010 guy Vincenzo will give them some scoring off the bench, but I just, you're right.


We probably, we probably should wait until near the all star break to really look at this. But I just, they don't seem special to me in the same way anymore. Whereas I watched a team like Houston who, and I don't even know if they know who their best five guys are right now, but Houston has moments that remind me of Minnesota last year when they, when they put in the, the, the Easton and Thompson combo and just, you're just like, holy shit. Like they, these guys are like fucking destroying the game right now. They just have a lot of options. And to, I wonder, part of me wonders is that just gonna be this year's kind of fun, weird wrinkle to the season Houston. Like, I don't know if they're gonna be as successful as Minnesota was last year, but they remind me of the feeling I got from Minnesota last year.


I'm like, Jesus, what is this team? Don't you feel that way with Houston? You watch them like, whoa Jesus, what's going on with this team? In a good way, not a bad way. I've, I have faith in Eime Doka as a basketball coach. Maybe not as a life partner, but the, I knew that was good. The young nucleus that they have, like the, the young nucleus that they have, they have so many fun players to watch play basketball that I just feel like it's gonna filter down. They've kind of got like, like a method man stole from someone else. He said, if you can't get yourself a 10 at least you can sleep with five twos. Yeah. It feels like they've got like, they're like, like, like a, like they're, they're on the honor roll, but they've got like seven B minuses, you know what I mean?


Yeah. Like it's, I just feel like, like it's gonna, it's gonna shape itself out. Like who their three stars are there to commit to long term and what they build around. Because it seems like they've got seven guys that they could potentially like build around as the future of their team. I think Nephew Kai really enjoyed that analogy. I'm just guessing you might not even be awake right now. We gotta take one more break. Couple more things to discuss.


This episode is brought to by Uber Eats it's football season and Uber Eats is dropping undefeated deals on all your game day favorites this week. Score buy one get one free crunch wrap Supremes from Taco Bell only on Uber Eats and you're craving even more. We've got you covered with game day deals on pizza, burgers, tacos and more all season long. Uber Eats official on demand food delivery partner, the NFL order Taco Bell for game day now through 11 17 24. Second item of equal or lesser value in terms apply, see app for details.


This episode is brought to you by PayPal Sports fans. I know going to the big games can get expensive. So let's talk strategy. Let's talk how PayPal has changed the playbook. Now you can pay everywhere online, in store, either or both with the PayPal debit card. That's right to earn a 5% cash back up to $1,000 every month in the category you choose like apparel and groceries. Think about it, that's like getting cash back when you're picking up your game day snacks or grabbing a drink with the crew after the big game. I'm talking about real savings. Like that energy drink you keep keeps you hype for the big game. Cashback 17th purchase of merch from your favorite team cashback post-game, extra large pizza. You order like clockwork. You get the idea every payment everywhere, every time. Don't just pay PayPal terms and cashback limit supply. See PayPal app. The PayPal debit card is issued by the Bancorp Bank. NA pursuant to a license by MasterCard International Incorporated and may be used everywhere. MasterCard is accepted.


This episode is brought to you by LinkedIn. As a small business owner, every new hire added to your team needs to make an immediate impact. Think of CJ Stroud in his rookie year, how he transformed the Texans with limited hiring resources. You don't have the luxury of getting it wrong. You need to feel confident that your candidate is going to perform when the game is done. The line with LinkedIn jobs, you can, as the world's largest professional network, LinkedIn gives you access to more than a billion professionals with the unique skills and experience you need. Chances are your next standout star is one of them. A qualified candidate ready to put in the work that makes an immediate impact on your business. On LinkedIn, 86% of small businesses get a qualified candidate within 24 hours. So hire professionals like a professional on LinkedIn, hire the right person for your role and post your job for free. Go to LinkedIn dot com slash simmons, that's LinkedIn dot com slash simmons to post your job for free terms and conditions apply.


All right, couple more things before we go on this. On the, it is like three in the morning for Jacoba. I don't even know how late it is there. How late is it there? One 30. One 30. One 30. Oh, nice. Just study for you. Yeah, yeah. Bars are open for two and a half more hours. A former MVP return tonight, Joel Embiid came back and played the New York Knicks and played for about five minutes and looked like he was gonna keel over. Then he left, disappeared. Was he hurt? Not sure. Came back, played some more. Every time the game stopped he was keeled over with both hands on his knees like, like a 53-year-old guy playing pickup.


You know, over Thanksgiving it was pretty brutal. Paul George looked good and beat did not and and they lost. And I guess this is just how it's gonna go. As Mbbi plays himself into shape. I'm doing air quotes Philly's two and eight. I don't really see how this Mbbi thing goes over the next, I don't know, 6, 7, 8 weeks. But most of the scenarios are not good. There's a couple scenarios where it's like three weeks from now, oh my God, MBBI, he's got his legs back, he just Put up 48 on Orlando. There's a whole bunch of other scenarios where it's like, yeah, MBBI, they're gonna have to shut it down again for a week.


Or oh, Embiid walked off again. Or oh my God, when Mbbi plays the other team has the highest offensive rebounding rate in the league because he just seems like he's anchored in the middle of the pain. It's not great Kirk. No, they just gave him the extension. They built this whole team, they went all in. There was a lot of like preseason hype as a possible champion, which I, I thought was ludicrous. It's not great. What are you seeing? I saw one of the worst games I've ever seen Joel play today. Two of 11 in 26 minutes, three rebounds. This is supposed to be one of the most impactful players in the whole league man. And he took it easy and he is, like you say, playing his way into shape, but also the Sixers are playing their way out of any kind of postseason potential.


They're, they're two and eight and I I it's a lot of Kyle Lowry too out there 'cause Max's hurt and I just don't know how much deeper they can dig. And a normal year they'd be screwed right now. But the east is so bad below the calves and Celtics, there's still time for them to be fine. But what what I need to see is more from Joel. He did not look active, he did not look competitive. And if that's what we're gonna get this year or this fall, like they're not gonna be good. Period. Jacoby was texting earlier, he didn't seem very impressed.


Is that fair to say? Jacoby, If you gimme 40 seconds to tell a personal story, I play a lot of golden tea as you guys know. And I'm very good at golden tea. I've got a profile, I routinely just Put up high scores and wherever I go, people sometimes crowd around. I've, I've played Bill and beaten Bill every time we played, but so natural and, and, and one time the, the great Connor shell sent me to Vegas to go to like the Golden Tea World Championship. and it was there that I found that I'm not good at golden tea. I'm just the better than the people that have to be in my proximity.


And I watched these men and women play golden tea at a level that I was just not ready to be around. And I felt like that's how Joel m bead was this evening because, and there was something, I had much higher expectations for this because he played in the Olympics. There was was no like reported surgery or injury or anything that serious. He had the suspension, which delayed his comeback even further. And I actually saw him in pre-game and his arms looked kind of skinny and I was like, oh look, he's he's in shape. But he was, he was me playing professional golden tears tonight. He was not ready for the speed and just the, the physicality of NBA basketball. There's, I remember one rebound bounce off the rim and you, you watch enough NBA basketball as we do, you're just kind of used to the rhythm of how things work.


Yeah. and it was his rebound, it was a rebound for Joel mbi and, and as the Knicks band, I'm assuming that we're going the other way and Kat just kind of circled around it but grabbed it and put it back. And I was just like, what was that? It was like he wasn't even trying. So this was more of a me problem that I expected so much more from Joel mbi because he looked like someone who hadn't played for two years and was just kind of like coming back and should have come off the bench. Yeah. So this, this was something that became a real problem for them in the playoffs. Him protecting the boards from offensive rebounders people, crashing people out, hustling him basically. It was a big reason why the Knicks won that series.


Then you go to the Olympics, it was a big reason why Kerr had trouble playing him even when he was like able to score. Like even against when they played Yoic, YOIC had four fouls and he put a couple shots but he was still like giving up the boards and it, it just, it feels like when you watch him be, when he, he can still get the shots that he wants. Whether they go in or not does whether he's in shape or not, it just seems like he can barrel around, whirl around. He can get positioned near the basket, but what goes are the protecting his own rim when he is on defense and just the speed of just being able to move around where it just seems like he's doing this as guys are kind of flying around him.


And then there's a clumsiness that seems to ratchet up when the less in shape he is around the basket where he'll get in position and then he'll just come crashing down. I I just, I don't see it. I I really feel like there, there might've been too many injuries for him to come back for it, the level that he was at two years from now. So this has now become one of the big stories of the year is, and pe people are gonna go, well he's hurt, he's gotta play himself back in shape. Well it's mid-November, you know, the, the, the Sixers got eliminated from the playoffs at the end of April. He didn't have to play in the Olympics. He did. I don't know how you can't, why you can't stay in shape when you're rehabbing.


I guess I just don't understand enough about it. If your knee hurts, aren't there still ways to stay in shape so you don't look like you're completely, completely, completely gassed four minutes into a basketball game? I don't get it. Can I, Can I ask you guys a question? If this were Shaq, right? If you were tracking Shaq's career from Orlando all the way through the end end, what era? Shaq is 2024. Joel, MB This is an really important point and it's something we talked about this summer. Like this is what happens to big guys. So right now he's in like 2000, what'd he looked like tonight? He is in like the 2008 Phoenix range. Yeah, right.


Yeah, That's what I was gonna say. Phoenix era. And it's not pretty, but this, this is what it looks like. I'm sorry. Like It, it doesn't make sense. It's been on me 11 years, you know, I don't know. I'd be, I'd be losing my, if I was Sixers fan, I'd be losing my mind. I I would just be like, how did all of this happen? Why did he play in the Olympics? What, why didn't you tell us what happened with him, with his, with his legs before the season started? Why was there all this mystery around it? Is he healthy now? What's wrong with him now? Can you tell us? and it just seems like they're, I don't know, being super tight-lipped about everything. Plus they gave them the extension, which is the other piece of this.


Like they gave 'em this massive extension which is very similar to what happened with the Pelicans with Zion. But they kind of doubled down on somebody who had never really shown that they could stay healthy for that long. And that's, you start doing that, it's, you can't come back from that with the way the cap is now. I don't know, bum me out. I like watching him bead when he is healthy and I just listen, the guy tonight didn't even look close. There's a version of this where after the Allstar game he's back to being MVP and Bead because we've seen, we've seen Peak and bead be absolutely dominant just as night after night. Not just scoring. Like do, do you remember when they used to just like give it to him at the nail and like run around him? Yeah and he would just, either if you backed off him he would turn and shoot or he would back you down if he had a mismatch.


Like there was a while where they would just, I, I think Doc was the coach where they would just give it to him at the fo line and just, that's how they started their offense and it was beautiful 'cause he was playmaking, he was shooting, he was going to the rim, he was step backing and now it just seems like that guy just doesn't exist anymore. How does, how does it play out for you Kirk? Because I'll just tell you this, I've been around a long time and we talked about this over unders like just with the history of the league and I was talking about how Blake Griffin was a good example of this who had a different set injuries than Embi did. But at some point there were too many of them and it passed the point of no return and you can't come back. And that's what we've seen over and over again. Zion's a really unusual case 'cause it just seems over and over again it's hamstrings and like I was driving around my wife yesterday and I had terminating Eddie on, they were talking about 'em and my wife was like, I don't understand if, how do you have like chronically bad hamstrings?


Like you just have to stretch and stay hydrated. What's wrong with this guy? And I was like, honey, we've been asking this for six years. There is no answer. What? Why does she listen to Termin Eddie with you like spousal abuse? Better question. She, it was her listening after five minutes straight of her going get these guys off and put music on. I was like, I just wanna hear that part. I love those guys. I think to answer your question, I think this is Miami. First of all, Shaq's a better player, but I would put him in that optimistically the Miami era Shaq, I think there Is oh oh six Shaq. Okay. I think there's a chance that he is is still capable of turning a corner and getting in shape.


So I think that's the optimistic version. I think the pessimistic version is Phoenix Shack, which is like we're never gonna see what we thought we were used to seeing ever again. So I, yeah, it feels like he has about 30 games to figure this out and if he doesn't that contract is gonna be an albatross plain and simple. Like an all timer. An all timer. Yeah. Part of me wonders why they brought him back at all. I don't understand what the upside was of putting him out. It just feels like it would be way easier for him to get hurt worse than, than whatever upside you get from actually Plano. A couple more things I had for you guys. Oh this is along the lines of the injuries thing. I heard Jacobi and Veno before Veno spent four minutes googling mjs assist record.


You guys were talking about why there are more injuries this year and I was walking the streets of LA and I was like, you know what? I have a take on this and I'm gonna drop it on my podcast tonight. And it's not even that I might've even said this take before. I just think basketball is way faster, more agro to play. There's more running, there's more stop and start. There's more collisions. It's a completely different sport than it was 40 years ago. And anybody who says differently because they watch like on TikTok, the montage of the bad boy Pistons, clothes lining a couple guys, like I'm telling you, people played way harder now than they did in the eighties and nineties.


And here's how I know go on YouTube and watch any of the regular season games from back then. There's not guys chasing out on the side and flying out. There's not like these massive collisions over and over again. It was just completely different. It was a lot of post-up stuff. Lot of guys standing around. The fast breaks were like nice and smooth and well orchestrated. It just layups. And I just think it's a more violent sport now, for lack of a better word. That's what I see. Like Chet Holman got hurt on like a violent collision where he is trying to protect the basket, which by the way he does a million times, right? and it finally went wrong on him. But I just think the way the sports played now contributes to it and I don't, I don't really think there's another answer.


What do you think Kirk? Yeah, I think so. I think pace and space are a big part of it and tonight was a great example. We were texting about the, the sort of awful Tim Hardaway injury that happened in, in the Detroit game. And, and he got that that was a very violent play. And then in that same game, I think it was Jaden Ivy got caught like on a closeout and then on his spine. Yeah. And then you look at all the pelicans and the hamstring injuries, I think those are resulting from the sport being faster and really demanding on, on athletes, being athletes for a huge amount of time running up and down side to side in ways that you, that Kevin McHale never did or Robert Parrish never did.


And I think both of those things are a factor. It's still a very physical sport. And 82 games of this is the other thing I would say is it's not just the game is faster and wider. We're still asking the guys to play 82 of them and that's a lot plus playoffs, muscles plus playoffs, plus potentially the Emirates Cup championship that 83rd game for for 2, 2 2 lucky teams. So I think all of those things lead into it. But you're exactly right. It's the demand on the bodies in the pace and space era. It it's just unprecedented by NBA standards. Plus Jacob's not being able to do cocaine anymore like he could in the seventies and eighties.


That might have been factor take. No. So I was gonna go the other way. They don't drink enough beer. I mean that that's really what it's, look, look, look the MVP of the league, the undisputed best player in the league is fat and he doesn't jump and he doesn't run fast. He's, he's not fat, he's lumpy. He, he never gets hurt. Do you know why he doesn't get hurt? Yeah. 'cause he doesn't have fast twitch muscles. He doesn't change directions, he doesn't jump in the air and collide against his defender and then double clutch and try to do a 360 and finish with his left hand. And I think that I am joking somewhat, but it just speaks to your original point is it's just so much faster and you kind of now have to be an absolute physical freak of nature to play to LeBron to play this sport, to play this sport.


And, and then you look at someone like Zion where it's like, yeah he is 300 pounds, he could 360 windmill. That's not normal. That's not normal. It's not Normal. And then when you watch him play, he goes, he goes into his defender and he bumps into his defender, clears space and finishes with his left hand. And like there is collision after collision in the air, which leads to things like Chet. And if you look at Bill, if one other thing I was talking to Rod Adams from the Warriors, you can remember Ron Adams their old coach. Yeah. And he was, he told me one time he is like, Kirk basketball used to be a two foot sport and now it's a one foot sport. Mm. So if you look at Yoko's teammate Jamal Murray, he tore his ACL doing what A euro step. That move didn't exist 25 years ago.


Deonte Murray tore his all, Jonathan Isaac tore his all lot on these one-legged moves. So it used to be two feet in the paint drop step in this and now it is torque on that one foot drive. And that's very violent on your knees and I think on your muscles too. But it was just a from a guy's that's Darren Bros got hurt by the way when he, same thing flying to the basket, Remember? Yeah. One foot here I go as fast as I can, Euro step decelerate, put everything on my lower body that I can. and it was just a guy who'd been in the league for 50 years being like, here's something that's different. and it was so authoritative and simple.


Yeah. But I do think like, just like those fundamental offensive moves, like going from the drop step to the euro step increased a lot of injury risk for our guys like Jamal Murray. Not to mention when you euro step, you're swinging your elbows through your defender's face. Right? Don't forget that part. No. One thing I would, another thing along what Kirk said, so you look back like something as you know, I'll go on eBay at all hours and I'll go on weird auctions and they'll sell the shoes from the fifties, sixties and seventies, you know, and you see the shoes those guys are wearing like Jesus, like how the fuck did they play in these?


Even when you get to the eighties, you see like the first the first Air Jordans, even those would be crazy to play in. Now they're, because these guys are flying coach because they were wearing certain equipment that didn't drinking beer, you weren't doing euro step in like fucking Converses in 1973 because your, your knee would've gone the other direction and probably gone in the first row. So you kind of had to be careful with the equipment and now the equipment's so good, these guys feel like I can go full speed, stop, do two hop steps, right? Then crash into somebody. And I don't know, I I really genuinely feel like the game is way more violent and faster. But if you mention this to anybody who played in the league in the seventies and eighties, like if I said that Daddy Johnson on his show, he'd be so fucking mad 'cause they, they just get insulted like, how dare you?


We were playing so hard back then. It's like, I I don't know what to tell you. It, I I have think we have the clips. I have never missed ESPN sports science for a single second before this conversation. I've, you remember sports science? Yeah. I've never missed that segment in my sports media diet until right now because I wanna hear when he stepped with his right foot, it's like the, the, it's like 14 elephants going 40 miles an hour and then he turns like an F1 car and, and it turned around to turn and then when he steps with his left foot and it is like the force of a gorilla pounding on a rock as hard as it cans and then he turns like a fish Something should bring the show back.


Yeah, Yeah. Let's do it. Sports. Here's the other point to this convo. The, the ultimate zag. We've had injuries this whole time and this year is no different than any of the year. You go back and you look at all the stars, like our guy Jalen, when he was playing all the guys who got hurt during that era, grand Hill, Chris Weber, you go go on through. Like a lot of guys either had careers cut short, Tracy McGrady, a ton of knee injuries. You go back to the eighties, like Ralph Sampson, who is basically one Bama before one Bama and he took a hard fall on the Boston Garden, was never the same and had knee injuries after that. And so we've had injuries all the way through, but to me it's, it's, i I I spend more time watching basketball now, being scared for the guys than I can ever remember before.


Like there's plays you're watching real time going, oh no. Oh god. Or like even like the landing, like people, these three point shots where they're just constantly landing on someone's feet like Tatum the other day. I dunno, it's a Motov cocktail of injuries. So one other thing I had, I had a couple other small things for you. Jacoby's. This one's just for you. Okay. You know Derek White, can we all grease shaving his head? Great move, right? Trey Young, we're follow suit bro. Oh, I have a Different guy for you. You're you're in the building, Trey Young. Oh, I, I I'll guess who it is. Okay. Who should be ne who's the next Eric? Wait. Suggs. It's time Suggs. Wow.


Is that what you were gonna say? Yes, I knew it. I knew it. I love Suggs so much. Right in my notes. When sh Sugg shave his head. Listen, you know our our friend and colleague here, Kurt Kirk Goldsberry is, he's a big manu guy and Manu just sort of like worked it, Right? He did. But that was an an Argentinian thing though. Well and he came off the bench too. So Tre Young could take two things I guess from, from our manu. I think it's time for sucks. Here's another one I got for you. What If you, if you gave David Griffin true serum and you said, yo dude, if you had to do it over again, would you have traded Zion last summer?


Kept Brandon Ingram and kept Dyson Daniels and tried to basically sell as high as you possibly could on Zion overdoing this whole rollercoaster ride another year. Would he say, yeah, shit I should have traded him Kirk, It's getting close. I will say yes, I will say yes to that because it appears like here we are one more year. And I think for me this was the breaking point year for Zion. I don't know where Griff is, but Dyson Daniels looks like a real player. Larry Ns we mentioned earlier, and by the way, the, don't forget the picks. So if you had traded Zion, you would've gotten something probably pretty significant back at that moment.


Remember in the the playing games, he, he was playing really well and then he got hurt there too. Against the Lakers, I'd say yes, because it looks like at this point, the other thing, and I'd say to David Griffins, he's done a great job drafting Herb Jones, Trey Murphy. Yeah, these are great, these are nice players. He's put together there. Tyson Daniels. Yeah, he could, he could do a, he could do a great job with it. With what? Whatever they brought back. Either in draft assets or, or talent. I think so. I'd say yes. I think that's a good point. And I, I wish I wasn't saying yes 'cause Zion is my favorite NBA player to watch when he is out there being Zion and doing all those aforementioned dangerous moves, putting more torque on his one leg than anybody else in human history ever has.


Could you imagine the sports science segment on that Jacoby Again Now your favorite player? Scoot Henderson. My son said today we were talking about Zion and, and he was like, thank God we didn't get those boxes. 'cause he, the Zion rookie, the prison boxes and they were super high 'cause there was so much Zion hype. And I was telling him like, we gotta wait, the prices are too high, they'll dip down. And then Zion, a couple good things happened, they dipped up and we just kind of forgot about it. And now it's like, you know, now, now I said to him, probably the same thing's gonna happen with one Bama. Just be relieved. We never got the boxes. I'm just, I'm just feeding Jacoby.


This Is, this is unnecessary Jacoby's. Are you back in? Because he had one good game against Utah. Two good games. Two good games. Well, Sacramento, here's the thing is my, my criticism of the, the Victor Luz m Yama shot diet Oh, started two weeks ago and now it's become mainstream. It's like your favorite band that blew up, right? So now it's like, yeah, it's like, it's not even fun. Everyone's, everyone's doing it. So now it's like, all right everybody have fun. You can play with my toys, I'll make new toys. That's how I feel. Kirk, do you like Jacobi's theory that Weby is basically like a kid who's been homeschooled and given candy for dinner every night and has never been scolded or yelled at or even like had a hand raised?


No, I do not like this theory at all. I think he remains the best prospect in pro basketball. I will meet him halfway though. If there's something that really irritates me about the young man's development, it's his jump shot and his tendency to lean on it too much when it's more Westbrook than Curry. And I feel like nobody can stop this guy inside of eight feet that I've seen. Thank you. And I feel like he needs to do that and the team needs to help him get there more often. He's shooting 25% from three. His jump shot in the mid-range is one of the worst in the league efficiency wise.


This is not unusual for a young potential superstar, but it's frustrating when that young potential superstar has the potential to be the most dominant interior player of his era. And so every time we're spending more and more time away from the basket, we're not getting towards his true calling, which is to be, I think the best player near the hoop. Bill. Kirk. Kirk, I wanna, I wanna ask you a question, right? Because I know you know this more than almost anybody on the planet is we always talk about what he's shooting from three, what percentage he is or what he did that night, right? But you know better than anybody on the planet that not all three pointers are created equal, you know what I mean? There's the difference between like a catch and shoot swing, swing corner three when you're buck naked and when you're six foot eight, seven foot six and you're taking step backs with like a point guard on you or you're shooting from 28 feet instead of toes on the line.


Like it's, it's not just that he's such a, a thus far this season, a poor three point shooter, albeit he has shot well last two games. It's the, it's it's the the, it's not what you do, it's how you do it. It's the threes that he's getting that I find so frustrating as well. It's like you are seven foot six, why are you taking Dame Lillard type threes? Why? Right. Particularly in a team environment where those shots were outlawed for hu for years when there were guys on the roster that probably could do that. Yeah, so you know, we were the, we were the last team to sort of g let our players dribble into, into threes when I was around there. So I agree with this. And again, his shot diet is something that needs to be talked about and improved and optimized.


And for me, yeah, you're right, this dude should probably start with catch and shoot threes and shots near the basketball hoop. These, these off the dribble euro step when they work it looks great when his, when his step back works I should say. But it doesn't work enough and it's, it's hurting the team's offensive efficiency overall. So I think this team, if it wants to compete, they need to optimize their their star player. You know in the re watchable we subscribe to a one for them, one for them, one for them, one for them, one for us. Philosophy. Jacoby benefited from one for us when we did project X. The definition of a one for us.


I think with Webe they should have a one for them, one for us philosophy. It's like you can shoot that three every once in a while but that's gonna be a one for you. We need to near the basket. How about, how about little eight footers? How about like that little baseline bank shot you have? How about studying some Kareem Skyhook stuff? Because guess what, nobody will ever be able to block it from seven feet. Just kind of vacillate between those two worlds. I never think he should never shoot more than one third of his shots should be threes. If it's anything higher than that, all it does is take him away from around the basket of the rebounding. I've talked about this stuff, a million things. Last thing I have for you, K Jovi today had the worst in-game Broken Nose I've seen in a while.


Did you see it? No, I did not see it. But I mean, you know, nose Collided specialist and he was walking off and his nose was like, oh yeah, he was doing his, he was one of those felt bad faia you had, you've had a, you had how many broken noses playing hoops. I've had a lot of broken noses. Not all of them playing hoops, but most of them playing hoops. It's getting to the point where my nose is just, it's a collection of cartilage that doesn't speak to each other anymore. So when I break it playing hoops, I stopped the game for like 15 seconds and people are like, your nose is broken. I was like, no, it was like that before. And I just continue to play. I just continue to play. Kirk, any last predictions before we go NBA season through three weeks?


I wanna see when Did the Cavs lose? Yeah, when Did the Cavs lose? Is the right one to finish on I think. Oh I like it. This team goes at least 16 to Oh, if you look at their schedule, I don't want to jinx it, but if I'm just playing the numbers, I think they can go. I think they play your team in Boston Coming up, right? That Yeah, next week. Yeah, I think they, that's gonna be one of the big games Early here. Add until tomorrow. Yeah, home Chicago, Holmes. Charlotte and then they'd be going for 16 to oh against Boston. And So I think only one team has done more than 15 and oh, and that was the Warriors that did 24 and oh Grantland era Warriors. Yeah, Durant. Oh, it was the right after grant. It was the 1516 Warriors.


Some similarities to that Warriors team that I know a bunch of people have brought up, but New Coach comes in, there's good nucleus in place, they were pretty good last year, but not something was missing and now it all kind of fell into place. Incredible shooting, jump shooting and then high defensive potential with, with their, with their bigs. So I, I like that analogy. I'm not ready to give a warrior your status Now, but you know what I mean. Yeah. Nobody's gonna, but that 2015 Warrior's team was 30 to one to win the title before the year and ended up going 67 and 15. And even as they were winning playoff rounds, people were like, eh, eh, can you win question for a title this way?


And I feel like we'll be doing that with the Cavs as they keep going. What were you stage cups? Do you think it would be good for the Cavs to lose a game just to sort of end this? I do. Interesting. I I, to me it's like they have a real chance it Poor Zynga is out until mid-December range that they could make a real run trying to be the one seed, which I think is incredibly valuable as you know, I care about having a game seven at home. It's one of my crazy takes that I've planted my flag on over the years. Game Seven's at home good. But I think they could do it. 'cause this Celtics team, it's pretty vulnerable game to game.


Like I went to the Brooklyn game Friday that they almost lost, they end up beating in Brooklyn and OT Atlanta tonight. Like they don't, they don't have a lot of size. You can get to the rim on 'em without poor Zynga and with Horford at this different point in his career where they're just trying to keep him ready for April, may, June. Like they're, they're, they're not as like deep as I think people seem to think they are. They're not the same team as last year. At least right now they will be. But I think Cleveland could get some distance on them. That's gonna be a tough spot for the Celtics next week if they're not a hundred percent healthy. 'cause this Cavs team I'm watching, they seem incredibly, incredibly confident in who they are and that they really have good chemistry.


They figured out the Mitchell Garland into the game stuff at least so far. Right. I think Mitchell's taken, he's given up real shots this season. Oh yeah. So yeah, Gar Garland is their clu Garland is their crunch time guy. It yeah, Donovan's their main time guy and then Dick goes to Garland for French time and it, it's been great. And, and Evan, he's been better. Ty Jerome's been great. They're finding some Classic right that they, he, he was on the Warriors a couple years ago and Ker loved him and, and then Atkinson just kind of filed it away and then took him to Cleveland and you know, he's like a six man of the year candidate. Yeah. So th that that's the spot they need to, to really get production from is the Wing in between their incredible front court and their incredible back court.


Can they find some Dean Wade Magic, some Levert Magic, some Koro Magic and then tied Jerome. So they, they found some depth there. I think they're the real deal. I'm not ready to say they they're gonna beat your Celtics, but I could definitely see 'em being undefeated going into that game. And it's in Boston, right Bill? I think that game next week It's in Boston. I'm taking the Cavs completely. Seriously, I think they're, I think they're legit good. I don't think, I don't think there's any bullshit with this. I think it's real As me starting to look back at the Kenny Atkinson, Brooklyn Nets era because Katie Rie fucked them. Yeah, They were because that like the Jared Allen was their care now, currently on the Cavs they had the, the, the best DeAngelo Russell.


Yeah. Ever they, they're, he's never gonna return to that. And they had like Jared Dudley and they're having, they had these like bench celebrations. They felt like a true great chemistry, good vibes, young, vibrant team that was coming together and winning games and going to the playoffs, which sort of enticed the, the Kyrie KD invasion, which sort of ended that era. And I'm starting to look back and it being like, huh, like Huh, maybe I always thought they're a really well coach. Maybe Guys a really good coach. Yeah. Like maybe they're really, really good coach that sort of tried to upgrade through superstars and it completely backfired for a million different reasons. But you think back at Kenny Atkinson as a Net's head coach and they're not gonna build a statue outside of Barclays.


But like when you revisit those years, you can sort of see the seeds of this success. What do you think they're over under is right now for wins for the season? If you had to guess? 58 on Fando. What do you think it is Jacobs? I'm gonna go 62. 62. That's 55 and a they're defeated. 55 and a half right now. 55 and a half. What's Boston? Boston's off because of, I think 'cause they played tonight. Nobody that played tonight is in there. What do you think the Lakers are? Oof? 43 and a half.


46 and a half. That's, that's comes back. There's still some value with some of this stuff. Get get back, they're gonna run. Yeah. Yeah. Well bro, a couple G League games could probably help him. Alright. Kurt Goldsberry, Dave Jacoby, it was a Grantland reunion podcast. Great to see you guys. Thanks for staying up with me tonight. All right, that's it for the podcast. Thanks to Goldsberry and Jacoby. Thanks to Steve Ceridian. Kyle Creighton as well. Don't forget you can watch all the clips and videos from this podcast on the Bill Simmons YouTube channel. I will see you on Thursday.


It must be 21 plus in President Select states for Kansas and affiliation with Kansas Star Casino. Or 18 plus in President DC. Gambling problem call 100 gambler. Visit rg help.com. Call 1 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org/chat in Connecticut. Or visit md gambling help.org in Maryland. Hope is here. Visit gambling helpline ma.org or call 803 2 7 50 50 for twenty four seven. Support Massachusetts. Or call 1 8 7 7 8 Hope ny. Or text Hope NY in New York.