
Coming up week nine. NFL was super weird. Cousin, Sal and I are breaking it down.


Next, this episode of The Bill Simmons Podcast is brought to you by RayBan Meta Smart Glasses built with meta ai. RayBan meta smart glasses react to what you see so you can learn more about the world around you. you can also take hands free photos, videos, send messages, make video calls, even play music and podcasts straight from your glasses with Ray Band Meta.


This episode is brought to you by SimpliSafe. While you're watching your team win or lose, get home security off of your holiday shopping list because SimpliSafe is already having a Black Friday sale. How is that possible? It's an easy way to protect your home and loved ones, their active guard. Outdoor protection is one of the reasons why I love using SimpliSafe. It prevents crime before it even happens. Agents can see potential intruders in real time. Talk to them, set off your spotlights and call police. And with SimpliSafe, there's no long-term contracts. No cancellation fees, and it's around $1 a day. This week only you can take 60% off any new system with a select professional monitoring plan. Head to SimpliSafe dot com slash bs to claim your discount and make sure your home is safe this season. Again, that's SimpliSafe for two s SimpliSafe dot com slash bs. There's no safe like SimpliSafe.


We're also brought to you by The Ringer Podcast Network Avenue. New re watchable coming for you on Monday night. We did Body Double. It's the 40th anniversary of a Brian de Palmer Belated Classic. This podcast went off the rails. This might be the last episode because I, it might, it might get taken off of Spotify and all the other platforms because lines were crossed, but that's fine. I had a great time. It was me and Chris Ryan and Sean Fantasy, so stay tuned for that on Monday night. You'll also be able to watch it on The Ringer movies YouTube channel as well. Thanks to everybody who bought tickets for our live show in Denver. It's sold out December 4th. Look forward to seeing everybody out there.


if you like this podcast, go check out the Bill Simmons YouTube channel. Go check out The Ringer dot com at great website as well, and on this podcast, Cousin Sal here. And we're gonna talk about a legitimately goofy week nine plus and a whole bunch of other stuff. First.


Hello. Happy daylight savings. It's Cousin Sal. I don't know what time it's, it's like I, I I feel like it's like almost midnight. I feel like I've been up for a hundred hours. We've lost an hour of our lives, but I think we won Bunny. I mean, one the favorites of 13 and one straight up. We had to have won money, right? Is that what happened? Okay. Oh, we didn't, but we did lose an hour. My life. I, the, the cols kind of hurt my feelings. Oh, we just watched a Sunday night Flaco versus Donald Battle. Did the Cols cross the 20? Did he say that near the end? They never crossed the 20. He said they didn't take a snap inside the 20. Right. So the Colts were also on daylight savings time.


This was a messed up day. All the favorites ones straight up except for the New Orleans Saints who lost by a point. So any conceivable tees you have that didn't have the Saints in it basically covered. Right. We saw some bad coaching. We saw some pretty awful quarterback play. I can't really think of a well played both teams playing really well game that we saw. Can you? No, I don't think so. I mean even Yeah, like the, you're gonna point to the Rams Seahawks, right? Which was an entertaining game. But neither team, neither team deserved to win, I don't think.


I mean the Rams, the, the, the Seahawks out Sea Hawked everybody. But yeah, well played game. Interesting. Yeah, we had a lot of, we had a lot of cluster fuck games. Yeah, we had a lot of rollercoaster games. We had a lot of, why did they do that? Games, and I can't wait to go into all of them. I guess the big thing for me, Sal, 28% of the NFL right now is either two and six or two and seven. Wow. Is that right? Yeah. These are the two win teams. New England, Miami, Cleveland, Las Vegas, Tennessee, Jacksonville, Carolina, new Orleans, and the New York Giants. And I thought this seems super unusual, but I went back and I looked at some previous years and like in 2005, 13 teams won six games or less.


That seems like a lot. Yeah. 2003, 10 teams went either four and 12 or five and 11. So I guess it's not that unusual, but New England, Miami, Cleveland, Las Vegas, Tennessee, Jacksonville, Carolina, new Orleans, and the Giants, all of those teams suck except for maybe Miami. Right? Maybe. Might be sneaky. I'm not. I know they're a cross off, but I think that last two weeks they've actually been okay. You think like they, they lost at the end to Arizona and then today they hung with Buffalo the whole game. So they might be a step up with two of, but everybody else is terrible. I'm with you. Maybe glass half full.


The number one pick usually has two wins, right? Like two or three wins. Yeah. To have two through nine games is pretty good. I mean, I feel like these teams will end up with four, five win. I don't know. I'm, I'm trying to be nice. They all suck. You're right. Jacksonville. No, listen, Miami will screw you. If you'll take them against the spread, they'll, they'll, they'll screw you like they did today. Jacksonville will do the same. Yeah, they'll do just enough to stay in it. And if you have a favorite, you're gonna lose. But other than that, don't look for any entertainment value from a lot of these teams. Well, they did these, the, the rankings for the number one pick, which is based on strength of schedule when you have a long tie.


Right. New England is number one as the number one pick right now, two and seven. But strength, the schedule of 4 71 New Orleans second, Carolina third Cleveland, fourth Vegas fifth. And the Giants are somehow sixth. Wow. Even though they have the same terrible record as everybody else. Kyle, I watched the pats today with Kyle. It was the perfect Patriots game. It was Drake, may heroics senate to ot, tough loss at the end. It's fine. We don't need to win those games. Right. But Drake is great. We love Drake. Just all we care about is Drake. The team's gonna be bad. And that's, that's how it goes. But that's, yeah.


When you're bad, you wanna have one thing to root for and ultimately a loss is great. That's exactly right. And you know, that's a tough pivot for you and Kyle, right? 'cause your team wins 12, 13, 14 games every year. Yeah. That's what you're used to the last decade. And now you have to root for it through this different weird lens. And the 2020s, that's what it is. Yeah. Right. And this, that hail Mary, he threw from the seven yard line. I mean really like, it was a, it was just like a short Hail Mary. He, he extended the play. He probably would still be back there running around. 'cause I didn't feel like Tennessee like rushed anybody or, or did anything. But yeah, definitely fun to watch. Much more fun than my quarterback or a lot of these others.


Oh, I can't wait to talk about your team. Did you see, so they've only been keeping track of this since 2016. The ESPN, next Gen, whatever it's called, the Daniels here, hail Mary last week. And the Drake may touchdown to send a game of ot. Today were the longest a quarterback has held the ball on a touchdown pass. Yeah. Saw, saw Drake may held it for I think like 12 seconds. And Jada Daniels yesterday was also like, or last week was also 12 seconds. Yeah. It was unbelievable to watch. I thought they probably should have gone for two. The numbers might have been against it, especially 'cause Drake was getting the crap kicked outta. But I, I feel like on the road, go for two, decide. It, it, it goes to our theory of if you're the other team, what do you not want them to do?


And I think Tennessee's probably more scared if we're just going for two there, right? Yeah, I think so. And you know what? You're, you're leaving it to a coin toss and I know nobody scored six and that's how it was. But your defense has to be spent by then. So you're Yeah, you're really that that's the other part of it, right? Don't you wanna be fresh and okay, we have this play and like you said, you don't really care if you're winning these games. Anyway. I just thought that would be a good thing for Mayo, right. To like win the locker room back over with a win. Right. And if you lose, they lost anyway. So, it didn't matter. But what you brought up before, maybe it would be fun, a cool new wrinkle that quarterbacks can't be touched for the first 12 seconds. Oh, think of the, to think of the touchdowns we would say in the offense.


Yeah. That's it. He, it's so funny. He almost ran for a hundred yards today. He almost had a Two. Hundred. 100. And our coaching staff is so bad they run no players where he just kind of rolls out. He's so good rolling out. He could either use his legs or throw in the run. We never do it. I tweeted today about the, when it's first and 10, it's always second and 13. After first and 10 we managed to go backwards with a three yard play. Whether it's a bad screen, a run gets stuffed. Something that, like we, it's, it's coaching malpractice with this team. So I'm 99.9% sure this happened. We lose the coin toss in overtime. But then after the game, Drake may said he threw that past 60 yards that got intercepted.


It seemed like he overthrew it, but he chucked it from his own 30. The guy caught it at the 10 and he said he misjudged the wind. 'cause the wind was against him. Oh. Which means we lost the coin toss, but somehow didn't take the side that had the weight. Oh wow. That's good. The Patriots 2024 baby. How dumb is that? This is, we do we penalties. It's like a, it's shocking when this team gets the first down and they don't have like Oh, flags down flag on the plane. Yeah. So do we call it the, the music city meteorology report? I don't know what we call this. Really. It's interesting. I don't know what you call it. I was trying to think who has the most hopeless situation out of those nine teams.


Like even if you're Carolina at two and seven, Bryce was an awful today, right? He orchestrated a game winning drive. He was smiling at the end of the game. I don't know if that people were, there was all the trade deadline stuff the last few days and people were like, teams are calling on Bryce Young. It's like, what are they calling for to see if they can get him for a seventh round pick? Why would we Carolina give up Bryce Young? He's been there two years. Like I, I wouldn't write that dude off. Right. I think the Bleakest situation is still Cleveland. Yeah, because they scored 10 points today. They, they haven't had picks for three years. That's probably the team. I would not wanna be out of all those. How about you? Yeah, I think that's it. And, and all the money, the cash restraints, right?


They're they're, they're screwed with this pick with this Watson. And you know, we try to convince ourselves that the rookies are great and the Flaco and the Winstons are good. And then we get smacked in the face in a week like week nine. And this Flaco wasn't very good. Winston was very, very bad. You know, everybody who thought Winston was gonna turn the Browns around, including me, I'll have a little egg on their face. But yeah, Cleveland's in the worst spot. I think he was just, just bad. I mean, Tennessee is no great shakes, I'll tell you that. Their defense was pretty good. But they're also, I wouldn't say the best coach team. I didn't see a lot of, a lot of building blocks their starting center without today. I mean, outta all those teams, you could talk me into a couple of them never winning again this season.


The crazy one is new though. Being two and seven, they started. Yeah, they've lost seven straight. And I wa I was, I I should have prepped you on this one, but if a coach gets fired tomorrow Yeah. Which one would you pick? Who is it? Because Dennis Allen's gotta be the favorite. Right? I, and now I'm hearing McCarthy from people who were normally levelheaded in the Cowboys camp and everything, but are in the, also in the know. So all right. So it's Dennis Allen. It's not gonna be the Raiders. It's so day ball. Who are my choices? Day Ball Allen, Doug Peterson can't be counted out ever. Doug Peterson, Nick Siri. Has anyone ever been fired after a win?


Has that happen? Take him out too. Yeah, that'd be interesting. I would say Dennis Allen, Derek Harr got Dennis Allen fired twice. He'll, I think he could do it again. And I think it could be soon. It really could because we talk about the outlier game. Like Yeah. Which was the one that's weird. Like you might say it was the Raiders beating the Ravens or I think the other one you would say Patriots beating the Bengals. It might've been the Saints beating the Panthers 47 10. Because those teams are a lot closer than than 47 10 back in week one. So yeah, he's, if he's not gone this week, it's gonna be soon. When we had, we did a whole segment before week three about the Saints first, the 99 Rams deciding like, is this real?


We didn't think it was real with the 99 Rams for a few weeks. Right. That's in the archives. People can go listen to that. Yeah. Yeah. I, Derek Carra, he almost killed Crystal Lave. Yeah, I mean, for real. He, he did the classic, not only did he lead him into somebody who was about to pop him, but he put the ball high. So he is jumping up and you can't alligator our arms there 'cause then you look like a wis. So he's completely extended and helpless as somebody's coming in to crush him and second concussion this year for him. I, I don't think we'll see Chris ve again would be my guess. No, I think you gotta, I think you gotta keep 'em out. And I think this is three overall in the last, I don't know, two, two years or something.


But what was the worst Derek Harr moment like when you almost killed your teammate after the game, when you realize you lost the pathetic panthers? Or when you go back to the locker room, pick up your phone and see that Michael Thomas has waged war on you. There's five straight tweets on you just going crazy. Yeah, just a NFC version of Antonio Brown just laying it out there for him. And then you have to, at the press conference, you have to address it. Bad bad day for Derek Carr. Well, it got worse than that. 'cause there were, there was all these info tweets. There was one about how he'd now lost to every team in the league. Right. Except the Raiders. That's, I meant to raid. They played in December. That's what they had one where he now has the most losses of, he's tied with Archie Manning for most losses after, by any QB in their 11th season, he's got like a hundred and something losses.


So Yeah. Not great. Yeah. It was after, it was most losses after 3, 4, 5, 6, 7 years. And it was like David, David, David, Derek, Derek car, all cars and the car family. And then he's got a pass manning. But you're right with that 31, I mean that is pretty spectacular losing the 31 teams and he has a chance to break that. Get to 32. I think it's Raiders week 17, I believe. I was surprised that nobody had done that before. I would've thought one of these QBs that played for 20 years would've just randomly lost to every team. Like even if it was Tom Brady, I might have, I know he didn't lose that many games, but I even would've maybe believed that. But yeah. Who would've been, or like Brett Favre or like Warren Moon or Phil Rivers.


You could have told me Phil Rivers did that Drew Brees, anyone who played like 10 or 12 years. Yeah. Flaco even. So yeah, I guess it would be tough because the, if you're in the same conference the whole time and you're only playing other divisions twice. Yeah. Once every four years. Right. Well maybe your guy Dak can do it. I don't know if he's gonna be around long enough. I really don't. I don't know. You wanna do this now? Sure. Yeah. Get it outta the way. What do I have to do? I I do, I have to apologize. I guess I do because I don't see a path now. I know I did. I had a neatly paved way to go and I just we're, we're bad. And Dak is now, I, I'm not sure what he is saying on the sideline.


He say we fucking suck. Or the ref suck. It could be both. He'd be right in any any point. But I, I don't know where to start because I was wrong about the running backs. Right. I just didn't think this would be the year from hell. And yet Kellen Moore is thriving and Dan Quinn is thriving with Washington and Tony Poll, who had the softest thousand yards you'll ever witness last year for the Cowboys is second in the, a ffc in rushing. And now we have injuries all over the place. Yeah. Yeah. Just disgusting. I I'm I'm out on them completely fake punt. No tackling completely. It's, we're not even week, week 10 yet. I just, we're still single digits. Well the problem is other teams are winning.


You know, like the Eagles. I can't, that is a problem. I can't give it. And Washington has got seven. They're gonna have 10 wins at least. And then you're chasing Minnesota Green Bay. They'll probably one or two teams from the NFC West. Come on. Right now the lines are seven and one Washington. Seven and two. Philly and Minnesota are six and two. Atlanta and Green Bay are six and three. And that's not counting any NFC west team. Right. 'cause Arizona is five and four. So there's, those are your seven right now. So they are a full three wins behind basically everybody they have to catch. Yeah. Not good with half the season left.


Well, and Eagles and Texans next. It's before Thanksgiving. They have the giant, I don't even know if they'd win Thanksgiving. I'm really, really slowed down on it. But I mean, it feels like this was Jerry's kind of pseudo plan this whole time to Yeah. Not spend too much money on this year's roster. Just kind of get through it, do the smoke and mirrors thing. But ultimately, like they kind of made their own bed. Right. You went into the season without any running backs. You took the d contract to like the tail end of the preseason, took the CD thing. Same thing. I don't know. Yeah. He kind of knew what kind of hand he had. It felt like he brought McCarthy back for no reason I was wrong about the Runback. We thought that was insane in January that McCarthy, we, when we did the pod after the Cowboys lost, we were like, who's the next coach gonna be?


There's no chance it was gonna be him. But, and, and this is me apologizing, but I don't, I I mean, how, why did you think it was gonna be the year from hell after three straight 12 win season? Was it the running back? Was it because their linebackers on paper got better? You know, they were gonna have digs, he was gonna be healthy and so the defense should have been better. But was it just the running back? I I sure we shoulda gotten head. No, that was more than I, I I thought, I thought it was a little smoke and mirror Z last year. Okay. When we did the over unders, I think you went over and I went under and I, I just didn't like the look of the team. I, and you know, neither did the betting public. I mean the wind shifted by an entire win. Yeah. Which we never see.


Right. Right. It started out at 10 and a half, it finished at nine and a half and there was juice on the under. It just felt like the things that made the Cowboys special, it always started with like, you have an awesome offensive line. Like let's start there. Awesome offensive line. You could always kind of rush the pass there. You could always score points, you needed it, but it was always like the o line was the foundation of the team and it doesn't seem like it's the same anymore. So I lot, I don't know lot. What's the big strength now other than CD landing? No, a top seven receiver Parsons. There's nothing. There's nothing. You're right. And it is a different team when Michael Parsons isn't double and triple teamed and all he is doing is sitting out and ranking quarterbacks and he doesn't put his own in the top eight, you know, and all the Cowboys news, the Zeke Elliot stuff, everything's such a big deal and terrible.


And, and then it ends up being a big deal and terrible. Well we had, we pegged this as the hardest part of your schedule before the season. Yeah. Because you're at San Francisco at Atlanta. Lost those. Got Philly next week. Houston at home on a Sunday night and then it, you know, it, it gets a little easier this second half. So I could, I could see you talking yourself into this team one more time. No, I'm just saying you're four and six. No, you're ta you're talking me into 'em. I'm four and six heading into the final stretch of the season when you have like the Giants, Cincinnati, Carolina get Cincinnati at home. You got Tampa at home. You play Washington twice. Yeah.


Alright. So win that first one in Washington. I don't see it though. It doesn't seem alright. Oh, oh man. No, I, I don't see You had me, you had me and then you bailed. What happened? Well, I'm just trying to think, I'm trying to plan out the rest of the year in the pod and I know how, I know you love to fool yourself into thinking the Cowboys might have it. I'll be fine. I'll, you know what, I'll, I'm gonna be talking Mavericks a lot. I don't know. Oh, Maverick. No, no, but you're right. I just, the the other problem really, it sounds stupid, but the other teams keep winning. So then we're chasing a number. Like you said, we're three games behind and we're not even that good. My biggest regret of the summer is not picking Washington to win the division. And, and, and I blame house.


That's just where I've landed. I blame House because I called House and I asked him and he talked me out of it. But they just keep, this is what happens every year. Doesn't have to make sense. Right, right. They just, like, they didn't, Washington didn't play that well today. The Giants kind of ran all over 'em. Yep. And they didn't made enough plays to win. They won by five. They just keep putting the wins up, keep advancing it. Next week they believe in their qb there's always a video of them in the locker room celebrating after they this crazy Hail Mary win. And it just seems like they have it. And then you have Philly who I wanna talk about after the break, but I'll tell you what Dallas did for me. Million dollar picks. We had Dallas to seven and a half and the over I think 45 and a half had to go over.


Right. And coup is kicking an extra point to go up, I think 15 and misses it. And it becomes a 14 point game. So now I get the Cowboys cheap touchdown to cut it to seven and I'm gonna cover everything at once. Right. Cowboys score with like two minutes left. They're down eight, they go for two. There's like three minutes left. I I When did this become a thing that you go for two down eight with under three minutes left? They, I've seen teams do this now three, four times. Like what's all the time? What's the point of this? Yeah, I don't, and now puts pressure on the other team because they're down. You're up six instead of seven.


You're gonna act like more skittish. I don't get it. You, you could, you could stick it in front of me. The, the, the numbers that indicate it makes sense over and I'll just sit there with my arms fold. I'm like, I don't wanna see it. This doesn't make sense. You're saying R two point attempt is better than anybody else's and it just isn't. I, I'm, I don't go for it. So they end up getting it and they lose by six and I hit my bet. So now I feel like I'm square from losing the Hail Mary game last week. Yeah. Yeah. For, because I lost a Hail Mary. I don't think I've won a Hail Mary game ever. I've bet on the losing side of like five of them. But yeah. No one's ever won a Hail Mary game. But I am, I am happy. You mentioned coup missing and everything. I feel like we're at a good place in the season where the offenses were down and and kicking Everybody was making a 59 yarder.


Yeah. Now the kickings off a little bit. Yeah. And the offenses are good. Those early afternoon games, you know, Dallas, that was 48 points and you know, Baltimore put up 41 Buffalo Miami was 57 points. So I I I'm enjoying it a little more. I agree with you. We're gonna take a break for the podcast.


This episode is brought to you by SimpliSafe. It is football season, which means the holidays are Coming up and actually SimpliSafe is already having a Black Friday sale. So if you're worried about the safety of your home and family, now is the time to get home security. I personally like to use Simple Safe because they can stop intruders before they break into your home. That's kind of the goal. I think they take home security to the next level. They're active guard outdoor protection. It's not an old school system. They only take action when somebody is already in your house. Nope, that's not SimpliSafe. They take action before somebody gets in your house. There's no long-term contracts, no cancellation fees. It's around $1 a day. And it gives me peace of mind and helps me and my family feel protected. So take advantage of this Black Friday sale this week only right now you can take 60% off any new system with a select professional monitoring plan. Hit to SimpliSafe dot com slash bs to claim your discount and make sure your home is safe this season. Keep your home, your family, and your peace of mind protected with SimpliSafe. Again, go to SimpliSafe dot com slash bs that is SimpliSafe with two eyes. There's no safe like SimpliSafe.


This episode is brought to you by the all new Reimagined Nissan kicks from the bold new exterior to the performance and tech features like intelligent all-wheel drive and a Bose personal plus sound system. Cars where I live, I live in the Los Angeles area and cars are one of the most important things you can have. 'cause you're in them a lot. 'cause you gotta drive around all over the place. You know what's fun? To have a nice car for an everyday commute to have music and the ability to do hands-free stuff. And just to feel safe, you can do it. Drive the all new reimagined Nissan kicks today. Head over to Nissan USA to learn more. Bose Personal plus sound system is an available feature. Bose is a registered trademark in the Bose Corporation. Intelligent all wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


Okay. Eagles Jaguars where we had Nick Ani trying to out dumb coach, coach middle seat. It wasn't an out coach, it was an out dumb coach. What, what's the right verb for this? Unco? dco. Yeah. Coach. Dumb master. I don't know what the in verb would be. I guess the opposite at OutCo would be Inco. Yeah. Yeah. So Sarah is trying to inco coach middle seat. What a battle. I mean, I, I don't know how many times the Eagles didn't get it on Fork down. I don't know. They they were oh, for three on two points. They were up five near the end after they had almost blown a 22 point lead and try a 58 yard field goal to go.


Abate didn't get it. All of a sudden the Jaguars are basically at midfield with a chance to win the game. But friend Mike Tolan was there and lifelong Eagles fan who I share clipper tickets with and I'm texting him through the game and I'm like, I can't believe you're there for us. And he is like, I can't either. And then as Jaguars get the ball, he text me. It's really happening. No way we stop them on this drive. My three friends I'm with have all vowed they're not coming back if we lose this game like ever. And then what they didn't count on was Trevor Lawrence was like, look, I suck. There's no way, there's no way I'm pulling this off. Trevor Lawrence was so bad in this game anyway. These were like, this was the Spider-Man meme of terribly coached dumb stupidly played games.


It it was, it really was. And if there were eight opportunities to figure out fourth and one or a Two point conversion, Sirianni wasn't, wasn't there for any of 'em. He just wasn't. And I feel like Saquon as great as he was 159 yards rushing. And what did he have, like 40 receiver? He almost had 200 yards total. I feel like he was on some kind of weird drug. They really, they might wanna investigate this because he was doing stuff like the limitless drug. It could be the limitless drug. Like he hurdled somebody backwards. Right. Spinning around hurdled someone backwards. Yeah. But then like, took a, like, dove, like a, a slid on what he thought I think was third and one, but it was like third and sixth. Yeah. That's weird. I thought, I thought he was trying to stay inbound to keep the clock going, but it just also felt like he could have gotten the first down and ended the game.


Yeah. Yeah. I I don't think he counted the, the false star penalty that had just happened, but yeah. Yeah. That was, yeah, that was Sirianni. I don't know how he escapes these bizarre, I'll tell you. So here was one of my many questions for you about this game. Who is the most entertaining fan base with a frustrating NFL team? Because I think it might be the Eagles, I thought the shots of the fans right. During, during the game as weird shit was happening was like unparalleled. 'cause when they cut to like the Browns the Browns fans, you feel bad for 'em. Like they're sad. They look like they're, you know, they've just been released from prison or they, or they, they've just found out like something terrible about a relative.


Like you actually feel bad. Same thing for like Buffalo fans and I was gonna wants fans. Well they, the other, I think they feel, they seem happy no matter what. I know in general they're torture because they haven't won. But yeah, you're right. So far I'm, I'm looking through. But so far you're right. It's gotta be the Eagles. Well, because Jet, it's, it's Eagles and Jets in the finals. Right, right. Okay. Because they're all wearing the goofy green jerseys. It's cold out. They kind of can't believe they spent their Sunday going to a game like this. Right. But they, they had some of the funniest, I would've watched a whole separate TV of just like, just the camera painting around, just showing the Eagles fans. They couldn't believe what was happening. Right. Because this game was 22.


Nothing. They kick a PAT and I think there was a penalty or, or maybe there was a penalty on the touchdown and it moves to the one yard line. So Siri's like, oh, tush push, let's go up 24. Nothing. And they fucking stopped the tush push. Yeah. And it was like, oh, then Jacksonville scores, somehow they pull off a Two point, which was a miracle. And then, and then we have this Saquon fumble and all of a sudden it's 2216 in like five seconds. It's like, what just happened? And then you just kind of knew what you were in for. But man, this, this Eagles team, once AJ Brown comes out, that was it. That's all I was gonna say. Yeah. They just, yeah, they just seem like a pretty ordinary team. Two for 36.


He has a knee injury now. So that was rough. But yeah, you're right. Ultimately it was Trevor Lawrence saying, all right, I gotta get some of these fantasy owners some points for me. Yeah. But I, I have no intention of winning this game. Well I looked this up up. So Trevor Lawrence is his fifth year. Do you know how many times Trevor Lawrence has fallen behind by 20 plus points in an NFL game. Oh, fifth year. So 6 64 games. 16. That's too many. 325 times. Wow. That's Yeah, I was, I was way off. Yeah. My math might be off, but I I did. That's what the research said. No, it's like, is is any quarterback down 20 more than this dude?


No, it, it feels like it happens six times a season. And it, and it's like, it's almost like he wants to be down 20 'cause that's when he can finally, finally cook. But Right. These two teams, you have the Eagles who literally can't taste their own blood unless they're up 22 blowing a lead. And then you have the Jaguars who aren't a coma until they're down 22 So. it was just the perfect matchup and yeah. Mean plus middle seed dug out there. Would you say the Eagles are the second best team in the NFC? Or is it, or you put the Vikings outta them? You know, I had that for you with Packers. Lions. 'cause I think the Packers lost their number two spot today. 'cause they were really bad. I do too. I think they lost it to the Eagles.


Unfortunately. As bad as they were. And this, this team's gonna be around for while flip the question around if you're the Lions, what team is on your radar the most in the NFC? But that might just be because we don't wanna play the Packers. They're a division. They're gonna be a little hungrier. That might not mean that the Packers are better. But until the 49 ERs heat up with McCaffrey, I would say, I would say the Eagles are a second. I think you're right because on paper they do all the things you would wanna be able to do in January. Right. They can run the ball. Right. They can make some big plays down the sidelines or deep. Their quarterback can make plays in third and seven.


It feels like they can rush the passer most of the time on paper. Sure. I don't trust them at all. And I think they're poorly coached. I'm with you. I think more times than not they'll figure out the third and short. Which is also a, a huge, huge advantage in January. Right. I mean they get to third and three now with Barkley and Tush Push, we talk as heterosexual men. We talk about tush push way too much on a, on a Sunday. I really don't know. I don't get it. You know what I don't understand about the tush push. People are like, it's not as good anymore. 'cause Kelsey's not the center. It's like, what does he have, like the strength that moms get when their child is trapped under a car and they get the strength to like lift the car up.


Is he superhuman? I don't remember him. So he's just that much stronger than a center that he could just collapse a defensive line forward. This is the difference. Remember one guy Billy, he would take two defensive tackles and he'd push him through the goalpost and everybody else would be like, what's going on with this one guy? I don't know. Well apparently he's super strong. He could break a phone like no one's business. I'll tell you that incredible Jaguar season. Yeah. It's like really an all timer. I and I feel like I've watched probably too much of their season. Or I've had money today. I had an Eagles tease. I had a tease in real life and a million dollar picks to sweat that fucking thing out. Eagles down to one and a half. Didn't, didn't know that would be right.


A sweat fest. So this or set a record, I'm sorry to interrupt. For years from hell, like how many year from hell teams are there? You know, you mentioned the seven teams, whatever with two wins. But yeah, just you, you wouldn't have pinned this on the Jaguars or the Cowboy. You know, like you don't think the Cowboys were gonna end up with six wins, did you? And now it's, it's looking like something like that. Well you had, what was the near the end of Romo? You went like four and 12. Oh yeah. Yeah. That was a bad one. Yeah. Sometimes in the NFL, when it goes wrong, all of a sudden you're like, wow, we just won five and 11. What? Right, right, right. Like the anchorman fight scene, it's like, oh my god. Brick killed the guy.


I'll say this about Lawrence. He, he's just really unimpressive. He's really inaccurate. I don't think he knows where the ball's going. Sometimes he makes boneheaded decisions. Like I, I was so nervous I was gonna lose that tease. And on the other hand I felt like pretty comfortable that Lawrence was the guy ready to foil it. 'cause I didn't think he was gonna do it. And he, no matter what his last drive was awful. Like his passes were spraying all over the place. I think. I think like maybe I'm looking now. All right. He took off five times. Like a lot of these guys and I, I, it drives me crazy with Dak, but hey, we gave you all this money. Do you plan on running the ball at all? What if it's like third and sixth and you see nothing open except you have a big, big lane up the middle.


Are you gonna, you gonna run or are you gonna tuck it? You gonna throw it into the sideline? I would love some honesty outta these guys. I feel like we used to see Trevor Lawrence run scramble for 15 yards more than you know. And now maybe because it's season year four or five, he just doesn't wanna do it anymore. Yeah. It seems like when he gets ahead of steam, it's pretty great. Kyle and I are having a lot of trouble adjusting to Drake may taking off because there hasn't been a Patriots quarterback that's run like this since I was a kid. Yeah. When it was Steve Grogan before he blew out his knee. But he sometimes he'll run up the middle of the line, which is like Josh Allen can do that. Lamar can obviously do that, but he'll go back and if it's not there, he just goes up and all of a sudden he is a running back and I'm just not used to it.


Like, oh my God, what's he doing? Oh, don't get hurt. You're right. Nervous the all the time. But his, he really did look like Josh Allen in some different moments today. Like he's not quite as big as Alan is, but it's a lot of the same playbook now. He had a couple terrible throws, but you know, it's his first start whatever. No. When quarterback's running for first downs, it's, it's exciting. And he's young and you just, not always, I thought he carried them like his offensive line was abysmal. His receivers are awful. Like just awful. Right. The running game, they was non-existent. I think the ru the other running backs were like 10 for 12 other NFC game. 'cause we talked about the Eagles was Packers Lions, which I was glad I I didn't take a million dollar picks 'cause house and I talked about it for a while.


We didn't know where we're getting from love. And even to the end, the tease with the Packers felt good, but it was like how healthy is love then the sloppy conditions, bad weather. But it felt like the Lions checked off another box south. Hmm. Where all these reasons not to think they're gonna win the Super Bowl and then you start getting to the well outdoors, bad weather. What's what, what are they gonna look like? What's golf gonna look like? They were fine. They dominated the game. They didn't even do that much offensively but defensively they were really good and love was terrible. I thought it was a, it was a weirdly good win for them because it wasn't like an explosive Lions win. It was kind of like a tough guy December January game that they pulled off.


Absolutely. And I don't know what happened be with house between Friday and Sunday, but everybody was on the Packers on The Ringer pregame show today. Like no, no. This is their downfall. But I think we do this probably 'cause we've gotten bit in the ass before, but we do this with super good teams like Detroit, you know, and Buffalo maybe like, all right they have to, they have to come down to Earth. They're now 40 and 15 against the spread in their last 55 games. Wow. That's crazy. It's 73%. What a crazy number. Jesus. Yeah. 40 and 15 cover and you know, 'cause then it's raining a little. Not that Goff had an amazing game, but yeah, they did shut 'em down. The defense, you're right, is the most surprising without Hutchinson. Right. They're not getting that rush, but they're still holding these, you know, they're still making teams punt.


And I'm surprised without Jameson Williams, I thought their offense, their offense wasn't great today, but they made a couple big fourth downplay. Yeah. And they always get just enough done to, to pull it off. It was a bad Jordan Love game. And I don't know how hard he is, but he's, this is another weird, he's had a couple stinkers this year and I'm not ready to do, like are we sure Jordan loves good or any of that stuff? But I just don't think he's been nearly as good as I thought he was gonna be. When you think like the promise of the playoffs last year, what he looked like, what he looked like down the stretch last year? I I just don't think he is. He's been really erratic. He is also hurt.


I mean, you saw him, they had Yeah, he's definitely hurt. Had the opportunity, opportunity to snap the ball with the time elapsing. Right. And he just couldn't even make it up the field, so Yeah. Couldn't, he was like kind of waddling. Yeah. So that's why I don't wanna overreact to it. But he was bad today and that it was one of the reasons they lost. They needed him to be, there was also some classic wet weather stuff, you know, like some drops and so yeah, the Lions, I mean this what, this is what happened when you're well built and well coached, right? Yeah. You win games like this, it doesn't really matter. I mean, they had 24 points and you were never, you know, you were never thought they were gonna lose that game. Ram Seahawks was probably the game of the day.


Yeah. So every year I feel like I get irrationally attached to a team and I think it's the Rams this year. Yeah. I just like them. I like Stafford. I like the, I like how resilient they are. I really like McVay. I think they're overachieving with what they have. I like some of their young guys. Like they really hit a home run with Jared verse. He's all over the place in every one of these games. But they, they had this ridiculous puka ejection today that I still don't understand. There were some weird calls today. The Bryant branch. That call was weird. The Lions safety that got knocked out. Yeah. Right. There was other ones where it seemed like the guys should have, it should have been a penalty. And it, and it wasn't, I I don't think they figured out that defensive back hitting the receiver penalty at all.


Oh, that's bad too. But the pookah thing, can we talk about that real quick? Like they, and I know you don't want an all out brawl on the field, but some of these guys that are barely punching another guy in the helmet, first of all, punching a guy in the helmet. Yeah. The referee should just point at you and laugh if you're gonna pun punch at someone's helmet because you're gonna break your hand. Like if I, if I lost a bet and, and put a hole in my wall in my own wall, I wouldn't expect the police to show up and be like, Hey, we're we're carting you outta here. Right. I was like, yeah, it's my wall. I'm an idiot broken up. I'm gonna have to do Yeah. My knuckle, I'm gonna, I'm I'm going urgent Karen in a minute, leave me alone. But that's a dumb way to get thrown out and it's a dumb thing to get thrown out for. I think I didn't like it. This was, if I'm a Seahawks fan, this was an absolute crusher.


Yeah. Gino had some awful, awful, awful throws. They seemed like they were gonna pull it out when it got to 2020 near the end. JSN was going nuts. I mean he was, he seemed like he was wide open the entire game. Crazy game Justing plays everywhere. That shit called back. And then the next, very next play he'd catch at something big. Yeah. And then they win the toss. Yep. And then they're going down and then it's like, oh, here we go. Like, are are they gonna score? Are they gonna a field goal? What's gonna happen? And then all of a sudden they get stepped on fourth to one and Stafford just jumped all over it. But I, I think this Rams team, they're four and four. It felt like their season was over a month ago and house.


And I did this on Thursday. They were five to one I think to win the division, they were plus three 10 to make the playoffs. Yeah. I, to me they're a playoff team. I think they know how to pull these games out. I trust them. I trust their infrastructure more than some of these other teams. Also, Kyron Williams gets really good yards. Like he, yeah. It's not like he's wide open on some of these runs. He's just kind of in the middle. Like he's, he always gets like seven yards when it seems like he's gonna get three. He's very shifty. And he didn't score today though. Did he was No, this was like the first time in a, in a while. Yeah. Yeah. They're, they're good. I I, I gotta say, I thought McVeigh screwed that up on fourth and two at the end of regulation. It was like 37 seconds left.


I would've got, first of all, I would've run on third down and then I would've gone for it because again, in overtime, Seattle got the ball. They have the 12th man defense is attire. They kind of got lucky the Rams to get that ball back and win 26 20. But you're right, they, they just should be plus three 80 now Right. To win the division. Yeah. So they're still not bad. So they got Miami at home on a Monday night, which, well, we're doing Guest Alliance later, which seems like, oh well then they'll go five and four. They'll be at Miami. But Miami has been better. I would watch out for that game. Then they're at the Pats, then they're home Philly and then they're at New Orleans.


And that feels like they could go three in one in those next four. If they go three in one, that would put them at like a seven and five range. So I like 'em on the road always. I like they get to 10 wins more than, more than anything. I really do. The which one? I like 'em on the road. IIII think that's a good betting spot for them when they're on the road. Yeah. Like this. And plus the one and a half the, we gotta talk about the one and a half lines. Like this was like a weird one. Like Oh, why the Rams favorite at Seattle, they're gonna really lose four in a row at home. Seattle. Yeah. Houston was a one and a half. The jets were one and a half. We gotta figure out the one and a half. So we'll be all. Well did Arizona change your opinion of them? 'cause they killed the Bears today and that was really one sided, the whole game.


Yeah. I think that was gonna be a game where I wasn't gonna give credit to anyone who won. That's weird. Weird. That's what I thought. Weird. I didn't bet on it house. And I said, but Arizona's just on my do not bet list. Yeah, right. I'm not getting sucked in either way. I don't trust them, but they look good. And Kyler wasn't good in the game and I thought they still dominated. They Caleb was under attack. Yeah. He couldn't get out of his Well, to be fair, Gino was under attack too. I know he throws some bad, he was plays bad, but he, they had seven sacks. But yeah, Caleb was rough. I mean that team was one play away from being five and two. Right. And now what? Four and four. That's, I was gonna ask you, do you think though, did the Hail Mary kill their season because they looked like kind of dead men walking a little bit today?


Yeah. And they, they don't have a good coach. That's another problem. But, and they don't have an offensive line. They missed this window where they could have been in Washington. You would've thought Arizona was a winnable game. And now it's like, I just don't think that's a playoff team. They can't rock. Well, we're screwed. I mean we had that first to fourth in the NFC north and it was right before that Hail Mary. It was looking Yeah. Solid or doable at least. And now I don't even, I haven't even looked at their schedule. I guess they have a home, they're home against your team this week. All right. But then Green Bay, Minnesota and Detroit, right in a row. Oh, sir Rudy reports there has been a coach firing, but it was an assistant. The Raiders fired their offensive coordinator.


Oh, what did that guy do? Apparently it was his fault that their quarterbacks were Gardner Michu and Aid O'Connell Oll. And then today Desmond Ritter. Did we come up with a Desmond Ritter nickname? I can't remember. No. We try to remember if we had Elastic Didn't Dick he have a song with Desmond in it? What was that? Desmond Decker? Yeah. Desmond Desmond Decker. Yeah. He was the ska legend I guess. Yeah. Desmond Decker. Well, anyway, I Arizona. I wouldn't bet on them. I'm never betting on any of their games. But you know, they're five and four. They've stole, they, they stole that Miami game last week in a good way. They stole that game against the Chargers who looked awesome today.


Their schedule's a lot easier down this stretch. And they're gonna have a one game, they're gonna have at least a half game lead heading into next week because San Francisco's on a buy. Well, here's the thing, we can't take every team in the NFC West. Right. So we think, we think Seattle's flawed that they, I think Seattle, I think they missed their window. Yeah, they, they're four and five and I think they had to be six and three or five and four at this stretch with what's coming. Right. And they can't block and they missed the window. They might have the worst offensive line of anybody. Really bad. Really bad. And in, in Gino's lap every play. Yeah. They missed the window. They should find it and jump out. So I think it's either 49 ERs or Rams. I just 49 ERs. If I look at today's game, you know, they're on a buy.


I look like, guys, we gotta get our shit together. This is this division we could, we could win it. Half trying here and McCaffrey comes back. They're right in it. Yeah. McCaffrey. So they have by this week at Tampa next week home Seattle at Green Bay at Buffalo. Not easy. That's interesting stretch. Yeah. And then Arizona has the, the Jets at home. Bye week at Seattle, at Minnesota. And they got the Patriots in Carolina a little bit later. So Arizona in the, I'm trying to think who would be the most fun to bet against?


Most fun. Yeah. As, as like either a four seed. The NFC West is gonna be a four seed. Right. Or somebody sneaking into a seven seed in the wild card. I I just feel like we, we gotta, the playoffs would be, that would be pretty tasty. It would've been the Bears, but it is Arizona, so Yeah. And we don't wanna say Washington, but who knows what they're gonna look like in January. Forgot to mention, I'm looking at my notes. Your team turned the ball over four times on Downs today. What? And they said it was a record, but I couldn't tell if it was a record for the National Football League or just for the Cowboys. It was unclear from the graphic.


It's gotta be six US They said some sort of record how you spend for the Cowboys. Right. Is that really Four's the most? I feel like we do it three times on a normal league. Four's a lot. I mean that's like one a quarter. You're just bombing on fourth down. Yeah. Yeah. I like that McCarthy's expressions. Like he never knows. He's, he's like a, like a police sergeant in those eighties movies that can't believe one of the detectives went rogue. He's like, what? Where did Axel go? Oh my God, what happened? He's always seems completely taken aback that they like decided to run a reverse with CD lamb on fourth and one. Like he had no idea. Like he's finding out with us that that was stupid. Yeah.


We take Axel in a heartbeat as running back line up. Go ahead, put the, put the jacket on Eddie Murphy. What was the fake punt today where it's terrible. A, a, a play that seems like it should work all the time. Where the punter, he's just got a wide receiver. One-on-one on the side with a D back who's gonna be blocking the gunner. Has no idea a pass play's coming. And yet the guy threw it and the play had no chance whatsoever. But, and listen, after I watched three hours of a quarterback throwing to unopened receiver, so I was used to that. But shouldn't that play be, if you're gonna fool somebody, isn't it easier throw than a tight end? Shouldn't they have a tight end release over the middle six yards instead of a guy who hasn't thrown in a professional game in forever going all the way across field?


Yeah. Like the, or the up back. Like the Saints ran a fake punt today and it was, it was just like they snapped it directly to the big fullback burley guy who just like ran Yeah. For eight yards. I dunno. Shit. I'm off for fake puns. I hate it. Let's take one more break for the po.


This episode is brought to you by State Farm. State Farm helps you score an affordable price when you choose to bundle home and auto insurance with the personal price plan. Bundling home and auto. That's a pro move. Just another way you can save on your insurance needs. Talk to a State Farm agent today to learn how you can bundle and save with the personal price plan. Like a good neighbor, State Farm is there. Prices are based on rating plans that vary by state coverage. Options are selected by the customer availability. Amount of discounts and savings and eligibility vary by state.


This episode is brought to by Michelob ULTRA, the NBA's back. And you know what that means? So is Mic Loeb ULTRA courtside. It gets fans closer to the game, the stories, the players, the celebrations, and it's a pretty damn good beer. Stock up your fridge with Mick low B ULTRA and be ready for the big plays all season long. Learn they gonna get closer to the action by visiting mlo b ULTRA dot com slash courtside. MLO b ULTRA superior access Courtside 24 25 sweepstakes. No purchase necessary open to us residents. 21 plus begins on 10. 1 24 goes through 7 1 25. Visit mick locher.com/courtside for free. Entry, entry deadlines and official rules. Void where prohibited.


Okay. Only other things to mention. The Chargers Browns game today. I don't know how much you caught of that, but the Browns ran 76 plays and the Chargers ran 56. The Browns had 21 first downs. The Chargers had 13. The Browns had multiple times. They were like inside the 10 and just bad shit happened for them. Right. And yet I still felt like the Chargers like kind of handled their, I was never worried about that game. It was 13, 3 20 to three. They're always in control. The thing that jumped out today was, and I don't, I don't know if the stats totally reflected, but Herbert was just, Herbert really seems like he is blossoming.


Yeah. Now the nerds would say he's always been this way. It's just the team's better. But you look at the receivers, like everyone's worried about these receivers they had and you know, the offensive line's been a little up and down, but he just, I just thought he was really good in that game today. They're, they're good. Their offense is, is decent. I just, I feel like we are used to them scoring 44 points and losing, you know, with all the terrible coaches they've had. Yeah. And now they're in the twenties and winning. Like, oh, that's not, that's boring. Let's go back to the old team where they'd score, you know, 50 and we laugh at 'em because they, they crapped out on the last possession. But yeah, Joshua Palmer's fine and I, I just, they, they Johnson remember they thought Johnson was a bust cut.


Definitely not a bus. He makes plays every week and, and Dobbins runs the ball. So, and they play defense. They're like, they're in on everything. I don't know that I, we've looked at it. Didn't we text each other this week? They were minus one 50 to make the playoffs. I think they're there by default. I think like, you know, now that we could wrap the cols up, pretty much now you're looking at four a FC North teams pretty much have to make it in order for the Chargers to not make it. So right now they're minus three 10. So those on FanDuel. So those ads jump Makes sense tremendously. Thanks to FanDuel, by the way, for giving us our own little ringer specialist page. And is, I hope people made money.


You were prominently mentioned. I was thinking about how proud you were. I really am. A time 22 years ago, if I had said to you, you're gonna be on, there's gonna be, there's this thing called a gambling app. When we were working together on Kimmel show in the office. Like 22 years from now will have this whole page of bets that we came up with. It's gonna be on. People are gonna point to me and they're gonna say, well, oh, I'm, why aren't you upset? Our candidate didn't win. I'm like, why? Because I'm featured on the fricking FanDuel site. That's why I don't care about the next four years. Yeah. Motherfuckers, I don't care about week 10. The Jaguars are plus six 30 to make the playoffs. The Colts are still plus 1 46.


Oh wow. Now we didn't really talk about that game. The, the piece of benching Richardson, which we predicted last week on the pod. 'cause he was awful last week. And bringing Flaco as like this sacrificial lamb against the Minnesota defense. And he looked like, do you think the league got involved, by the way? Do you think the league said, Hey, we're flexing Jacksonville, Philly out. Which turned out to be a mistake, I think for a huge mistake. The Colts. And do you think they're like, you gotta, you gotta sit Richardson. The nation needs to see Flager. I think it would've been more fun if Richardson played he's way, he's way more erratic. I I think they made a huge mistake flexing out Jacksonville, Philly from a comedy standpoint. Like what's more, what would've been more fun than Collinsworth with that game?


Eh, Mike? I, I just saw Trevor Lawrence sometimes I just, I this guy can wing it. Mike, he can wing it, you know, and go coach middles seeds. you can, we have yet to see the Indianapolis special. But you know what's coming, Mike Denver is supposed to tend to make the playoffs. Oh yeah. Denver. Yeah. And then Cincinnati is just even odds every week to make the playoffs. It never changes. They're four and five quietly is on pace for 40 touchdown passes. I don't know if you noticed that. And like 4,500 yards passing. Yeah. He still looks bored. He still looks like he's going through the motions. Right. Yeah. And Chase wasn't even really involved.


Yeah. That was a good, good outing for them. He's just waiting for t Higgins to come back. And then we, the Bills sneak by Miami, which we didn't talk about. Where two had a couple scrambles that were just playing terrifying. Yeah, right. It's now ter when he's scrambling, it's now like why when you have like an 18 month old kid watching them like run toward a wide open front door or something. It's the same kind of, oh no. Oh God. When you're watching, you're a Dolphins fan. You gotta be on like a swivel chair. You gotta be like on the, like the voice. Because you have to be able to turn, I guess you can just cover your face, just like turn away. Yeah. Yeah. You really just have to do a 180 and spin backwards. But yeah, we're, we're approaching Harlem Globe, Trotters Washington General's territory with the Bills Dolphins.


I mean, Alan's eight and one against Tua 13 and two. They are with Alan against Miami. They're eight and oh, in Buffalo, it's kind of gross. It had the feeling of like, this game might be rigged in the first half. 'cause I know like everybody had buffalo and a tease and money on Buffalo and that there was one, Alan had this touchdown run of like 20 plus yards and they're like, ah, flag on the play. It was a holding against Buffalo. And then they're like, there's the hold right there. They showed the replay. There's no hold. And the announcer's like, they did the thing where they go, I didn't see it. You know? Right, right, right, right. Then you can hear somebody in their ear like, just keep moving, keep moving.


Yes, you did. Don't mention the hold again. But it was like super shady. But there was a couple moments like that in the first half where I was like, ah, did they rig this for Miami? But then Buffalo won anyway. Well, Coleman might have rigged it because he had an easy touchdown on he touchdown on that planned play that that won an interception. Yeah. So Miami with two wins really nuts. Just a couple things I wrote down. I have no idea what a catches anymore. Garrett Wilson's touchdown Thursday night. I would would've, I would've bet my life that that wasn't a touchdown then. They're No, no. His shin was in, I was like, all right, I give up. 'cause I, I don't know. Then we had another one today. What was the one today with the, the guy had his feet in or his, the back of the end zone.


What game was that? He had two, but the knee didn't I, I think I know what you're talking about. The was now left to right. It was So. it was, you know what I'm talking about? The knee was barely in. Yeah. But yeah, it is kind of stupid that like the, that little ball on the other of your ankle can count as a point, but you have to get two feet down otherwise. But we are seeing some great catches. I think we should appreciate What would the, oh, some handed the athleticism just spectacular. The one-handed and the Rams game was fucking nuts. Oh man, Robinson, it was really like, he thought, all right, this is not gonna count unless I catch it with one hand. So I'm not even gonna use the other one to get free. Really great. Jamis crossed the 100 interception mark. I just wanna congratulate him.


Oh, he did instead. 102. Yeah. Nice. You know, he's so great in the interviews. They should have presented him with a cake afterwards. Do you think? What would he have done? Crab, leg cake have at it. I wonder. I mean, he'd be a really good announcer after he retires. I Oh yeah. Dunno if he'll actually get hired to be an announcer. Another thing I wrote down, I think we've just run out of fourth down place. They don't seem to work anymore. And the two yards an end every variation. And everybody's trying to basically do the next level of what you think the play is that they're gonna run. Like the Eagles, they don't use Saquon Barkley around the goal line.


Right. For reasons that remain unclear. 'cause I actually think he's pretty good around the goal line. Right. He's small and strong and should be able to dive two yards. But we just see all these like weird reverses like that Denver ran a Philly special today that actually worked where Drake may had to catch the ball in traffic. It's like, what ha whatever happened to just like, lining up and blowing a team and having like a, your, like your big Mike Alstot type guy just remming it to the line and scoring. Are those those days gone? Yeah. CD Lamb had an end around which I think he was officially tackled before he was even handed the ball. Yeah. So that was, that was weird. But you're right. Like Jonathan Taylor just half hour ago wasn't in the package on fourth and fourth and two. Yeah.


Like, you gotta at least pretend. Right. I don't get it. And then I thought Brady was just bad today. Yeah. That Lions Packers, which I thought was a really good game. And, and I found myself, I just really wanted better announcers for it. He just doesn't tell me enough. And you know, he, he was talking about the weather and sometimes it's hard to catch a pass. But I did, I just felt like what was going on with love, like Brady's obviously played hurt. Right. I really wanted, that would've been the perfect, Romo would've dove into that and be like, I can tell love's hurt and here's why. Watch this throw, watch this plant leg. Like, just teach me something.


Brady's not teaching us anything. I feel like he's getting advised in the wrong way. I think he's over percent over, over preparing for these. And in those, you know, Friday they interview each coach and everything. And I think he's overemphasizing what's going on there where he should just sit back and do what you're saying. That's what we wanna hear. You're the quarterback, you're the general of the field. You know, let's, he should do a blind game and not even know who's on either team. Yeah. And just fucking watch the game and tell us what he sees. See, I don't think he's doing that at all. See now it's gonna be sports blog posts. Yeah. Simmons and Sal eviscerate. Tom Brady. I'm not like, I, I think he's being poorly produced is where I've landed because I think whatever they're telling him to do, it's not working.


And I don't feel like I'm watching the game with him. He comes in the beginning, he is got this like fake energy where he is going, oh, I'm so excited for this one, Kevin. And it's just like, I, none of it feels genuine to me. And then on top of it, he owns a piece of the Vegas and it feels like he can't be as critical maybe as he wants to be in certain spots. But I thought that game today, I wanted him to dive into golf. Like, what, what did you see with golf? You went against him in a Super Bowl. How has he evolved over the last six years? There's this guy's like one of the greatest resources in football that we have and they don't tap into any of it. And he is been, it it, it's not even that He's so accomplished as a player. We've heard him in interviews. We know he could do exactly what you want him to do there.


Right, right. We know he can analyze from that perspective. So that's why, that's why it falls short. But Well, and also we're watching all these other games and he's getting dusted by other announcers. Yeah, that's true. Yeah. And they're just like, you like Romo doing the other game today. Like he's just, what he was doing the Baltimore game, he was just way better. Greg Olson gives us a better quarterback's perspective than, than Brady does. The tight end, you know? Yeah. So that's what it's, I know it's in there and I just, they have not unlocked it. And I think they really have to figure it out. And I, he, he seems super over prepared to me. Yeah. And this could be it just like he's, he's it a one and done. You think he could be out?


I don't think he's good at it. Yeah. And then now we've had nine weeks and I feel like he's gotten worse than he was four or five weeks ago. Now he's gotten like too many notes. But it's, it's when we get to the playoffs and this is like, there's only one game on, it's gonna be pretty glaring when we're watching all these other playoff games and these guys are doing, you know, he's competing against people that are watching games that instantly can be like, oh, watch this. Watch this over here. And when he has a good point. He is so excited to tell you the point. 'cause he is like, oh, I know this is good. And it's almost like he is, none of it feels natural to me. It's like hitting a buzzer. He is a game playing a game show. Yeah. Oh, I got one about that Sam La Porta Pass. Yeah.


It's just, it's just everything about it feels off and, and not genuine to me. Yeah. I mean, we had the first couple weeks where he didn't say a word. He wasn't filling the dead space. Right. And that was rough. And then I think he had two or three where he was getting the hang of it. And you got excited and now you're right. And now he's like, just super, super hyper tense about every play. It's weird. It's been, it's been great for Aman. It's been great for Collinsworth. It's been great for Romo because he's not even remotely on the level of those dudes. Are you done eviscerating? Or you might, it's gotta be more vis Was that an evisceration or an obliteration? Oh god, it was, it was a, oh, how about this? A aeration? I think, how about this? Who are the people watching these games going?


Brady was awesome. Yeah. Oh my God, I learned so much from Brady. Like, he's just not doing a good enough job. You not, I really think they need to hit the reset button. Clear the cache. Start over and just be like, we, we overloaded you with too much stuff. Let's get back to the basics. Just watch the game with Burkhart. Tell us what you see. Come into the game with like five, six little things that you know you wanna hit. Like Jared Goff, I played against him. Boom, boom, boom. Jordan Love. He's hurt. I had a, I had a strain groin in 2013. Here's what I learned. I learned that I had to like get rid of the ball fat. Like that's the kind of shit we want. And they're not giving us any of it. You know what? I just had a good idea and I don't think they'll do this, but they should replace Brady and Fox should pay Deshaun Watson $350 million.


But then you hear the quarterback's perspective from a one that sucked. Couldn't get out of his own way for the last two and a half years or more. Just pay him that money. Oh, people go ape shit. I thought you were going another direction. As you know, I hate the three man booth, but I actually think he needs the three man booth. Oh yeah. I think he needs like a curious third person who can kind of set him up. I always felt like Ko Heer when he didn't run that football and it didn't work out. But the potential of, it was a curious person in the booth at, he was like asking Jaws questions. Right. And Tarika hated it, which is why it didn't work. You know what, try try one week with Gronk in there. They can make fun of each other and maybe he'll do more natural.


I actually do Edelman, I think if you put Edelman in there, he, he needs something to loosen himself up. Right. But they, they're not gonna do it 'cause they don't wanna admit defeat. And he's No, that's true. He's toasting the Super Bowl and they're paying him this crazy number, but Yep. It's just not good. That was a really cool game today that needed better announcers. Okay. Guess the lines. Ravens Bengals. What's the record by the way? I'm 5 3 1. You're ahead. Heading into week 10. But I have, I'd be shocked. I think I put myself as a plus 1400 today.


Ravens at Cincinnati is the Thursday night game. And that's an, it's the other way. Right? Since at Baltimore. Oh, did I write that down wrong? Yeah, they already played in Cincinnati. It was 41 38. Yeah. My bad. All right, so I get that one. I'm up on nothing good that that's an automatic forfeit beng. Well this is an awesome Thursday night game. Very good. Dare I say a must watch, and I said this to Kyle today. Why? And I've said this probably in five of the nine weeks we've done a pod. But Lamar, Lamar on the multi-view is still the MVP by far.


I don't know if he's gonna win the MVP of the league, but he's so much fucking fun. We made the mistake 1710 in that Bengals game. I mean, the Broncos game. We, I changed, I took them off the four. Yeah. Not realizing that, of course Lamar was gonna figure out how to score like a 60 yard touchdown in the last like 30 seconds of the game. Oh, s what was thinking? Yeah, I was, what was I thinking? I was, I was glued to it at 41 10. 'cause I needed Denver to win the fourth quarter. I was like, I'm so smart. Baltimore giving up 82 points in the fourth quarter in the last six weeks. I'm betting Denver blindly. And they couldn't, they went on fourth and goal from the seven twice and they, they couldn't make it. But, well I finally, I send in the 13 point tees to you guys. Oh yeah. And I finally lost it.


I had one of the legs was the Broncos, Broncos plus 22. And it finally, it was the first loss I've had all year even. So you had a shot, you had a little bit of a shot. I fourth quarter Bo Nicks had other ideas. All right. So if it's Ravens, I'm, I'm gonna forfeit my pick for this 'cause I have the wrong team. No, it's okay. Just, just guess it. This, I was actually somewhat close on this, but go. Well I would say ravens by six. Alright, now you get it. I said five and a half. It's six and a half. That's a terrible way for me to lose that one. But yeah. Six and a half B I'm happy to forfeit that one. Nah, it's not gonna matter. I promise it's not Okay. I was so off. That's probably too many points.


Right. I feel like the Bengals will be completely unafraid to go into Baltimore. Yeah. Just trying to think what their, trying to think if they'll ever have any chance of stopping Derrick Henry. Well, I mean there's that right? For three hours. Yeah. On a Thursday night. Four, four days after they just played. I kind of don't trust either defense and there was 79 points scored in the first game. And I, I almost think the defense has got a little bit worse. Yeah. Since then. So. Well, I have a new category. We've never done this before. For the next one. Yeah. We've had the poop fecta. We've never had a poop fecta game in Germany as bad as this. So I looked up the German word for poop.


Oh good. And it's kke. This is the KAA game ca I'm sorry. K-A-C-K-E Fecta. It's the Kaa Giants. Panthers, yeah. An outright travesty that can only take place in the Vegas zone. And I went Giants by four and a half. Yeah, you get it. I said four and it's five and a half. Mm. They can't make it big enough. I I, I'm still surprised at this, Sal. I gotta be honest. Yeah. Might not get up for this one. I was just gonna ask you what time you up for it. Probably a halftime and somebody will be up 17. Nothing.


And I'm not sure which team. Do you have any fantasy players? We gotta, 'cause games are consumed differently now. Right? Right. Any fantasy players? None on the giants. Definitely none on the Panthers. So none, none across the board. Can I read you something? You played our friend Brad in fantasy. He sent me a note. He says how bad my team is. Well you, I mean you, you decide how you wanna take this. He says Simmons good dude. Excellent friend. Wonderful father dog shit at fantasy football. How can he say that? And he says, I'm great. No, no. Did you tell him? Great. I am in the other league. All of these descriptions are very much understatements. He writes, sorry, have a talk with him.


It's, I spent $120 on Garrett Wilson Cooper Cup and DJ Moore. DJ Moore had the opposite of a breakout year. Yeah. 3.3 points today. Yeah. He had a measles breakout. Basically Travis sat the end for 36 hours. Another mistake. Yeah. Yeah. Not great. Sometimes not. He's not in fantasy. It's not fun. I mean, Brad did take nine running backs. Yeah, I know. I, he was making fun of you to I had to stop him 'cause he was talking about how many quarterbacks you took and I was like, why? It's slow down. You got a lot of running backs. Yeah, I, the problem is all my quarterbacks suck. I have a Dak who left the game early today.


Right. I mean, how did I get 13 points Outta Dak against the Falcons? That should have been like a 30 point game. Oh yeah. Yeah. I, I dunno, I can't stand it. Sunday marque. So initially when I, I wrote all these down on Thursday. I had Eagles Cowboys as the Sunday marquee. Yeah. I'm gonna keep it there. But I don't think it's the marquee game. But it's probably the most interesting game because you, you might be a different coach for you guys. You might have new coach after the game. You the Eagles who are just in unintentional comedy all over the place, every game.


And I'm gonna say Eagles by three in Dallas. Oh wow. I said four and a half. It's six and a half. Oh yeah. We're pretty bad. Wow. You're six and a half point underdogs at home at to Philadelphia. Yeah. Yeah. Wow. Well, I don't know. I mean, CD lamb has like the shoulder contusion, right? Dak, I mean I, I could just see these guys balling. Right? We could have a Cooper Rush game here. I wish Cooper Rush had been a little better when he came in. Yeah. Maybe like, oh, could have a quarterback controversy did that. Those words were not uttered during the Cooper Rush half hour that he played. No take.


Take the Cowboys plus 12 and a half, they'll cover that. Take 'em on a teaser. Definitely 100%. Not putting them together. I do wanna give you credit though for your Thursday teaser. Like this is the way to play a teaser. Right. Like the Jets were a one and a half point favorite. Ridiculous. They went to two and a half and you're like, oh, I'm over the touchdown. You took the Texans plus eight and a half, right? Yeah. Beautiful. A little lucky at the end. But that's the way to do it. Little lucky. Yeah. You know what I've found out? Seven and a half used to be the number for me. But now, like I lost on the Colts today I had seven and a half. I think it has to get to eight and a half on these teases. Oh yeah. When you're going the other way. Now that makes the seven and a half isn't good enough. There's 28, 20 all over the place. I feel like you're right.


Yeah. Watchable. I got four. First one is Bills at Indianapolis for a couple reasons. Bills I think are just, have just been a really fun multiview team all year. Yeah. Colts. I don't know who the quarterback's gonna be. They just go back to Richardson next week. What do they do? It's also like if the Colts lose this game, they're prob their season's probably over, I'm guessing. Yeah. And, and I feel like these teams play good games. So Bill's Colt, I think it's Flacco. I think it's Flacco again, but let's see. I'm gonna say Bills by three. Did I get this? Oh, we split it. I said six.


It's four and a half. Oh, little Vegas now. Yeah. So the Bills are we just the whole year, I'm just never gonna feel that great about them. And they're gonna go like 15 and two. Yeah, I think so. Okay. I dunno, like do you watch them and go, oh man, look out for these guys. No, I don't. But I'll tell you what just resonates with me. The way they, if they ever have to win, they just get it done the way they won the last five last year. Right. If they need three points, they'll get the three points. Yeah. Or if they need to streak, so they're over on the wins is 12 and a Two. I still like it over. It's a plus 1 42. I still like it over. Is that on FanDuel? Yeah. I'm seeing they only have like nine teams listed.


12 and a Two plus 1 42. Yeah, they'll get it. So they have to go 13 and four. The problem is they're gonna have the division clinched and probably the two seed with like two weeks to go. Right. So they'd have to go six and two. Yeah. Why would it But the one seed, there'd a Two seed though. The, the one seed won't be clinched though, right? Casey's getting the one seed, but Casey's gonna go 16 and one or 15 and two. Right. They play KC 49 ERs Rams. Actually they do have a tough slate. They, they end twice in three weeks against the Patriots. But Chiefs are home for the Broncos.


I floated this out a couple weeks ago and I think it's official after the Baltimore game. I think Denver is the good bad team in either conference. Good team, bad team. I think think they're officially 2024 is good bad team. Oh yeah. Okay. They play the other bad teams. They're gonna win. You raise the level of competition on 'em. They're losing. I thought you were saying bad. That's the Denver bad Good team. But you're right. Yeah. They're the good bad team. Who else could it be? Who's, who's in contention for that title? I mean, you could say anyone in the NFC South Arizona. Well, Arizona. Arizona. Arizona. A couple good wins though. Yeah. They're very close games. They're margin of victory except for today is in those games. Very low no shots fired at our friends from Washington.


And I couldn't be happier for them, but I, I wouldn't rule out Washington for the good bad team either. Well, it's funny you asked me did the Hail Mary kill the Bears? Just, just eviscerate them, I think is the word you used. But I feel like the Hail Mary and they, they won today so it's a little less of a great point. But I feel like it didn't give them momentum. I feel that game showed me that they've leveled off. Right. Washington? Washington, yeah. They're not the team that punted twice in three weeks. Right. So they're gonna have to pull one out and a close one against the Giants every week. So maybe they're the good bad nine ERs bucks in Tampa. And I, I really had trouble with this one.


'cause I think Vegas is gonna respect the Niners a little more than maybe they deserve. So I'm gonna say Niners by three and a half at Tampa. That's exactly what I said. And we were a whole field go off six and a half. Oh my God. So they're just jacking these lines now. Yeah, they are. So now you have that, that's too high now in mine. Well, McCaffrey's coming back. Right. And Tampa's on a short week. They say I don't, do you, would you bet your life McCaffrey's coming back? No. I don't know. I just kept hearing. I don't trust that. Right. But they had the buy and now Tampa's on a short week and they still don't have those receivers. I guess we'll know better tomorrow. The last one might be, this was the other choice for the marquee game and probably should have been the marquee game since the records are so good.


But we Jackson platoon there. Jacksonville? No wa Washington at home for the Steelers. Oh yeah, yeah, yeah. It's a solid game. I'm gonna say Washington by two and a half. Wow. You nailed that. I said Pittsburgh by one. Tell me why they're they're favorite Washington. Like if you did power rankings for these teams, wouldn't Pittsburgh be ahead of them? Eh, that, that it's the offense on Pittsburgh. I still don't think people trusted on the road. Yeah, that'd be it. So you'd think like these two teams are probably even and maybe a slight edge to Washington. 'cause they can score more points would be my guess. I think this would be a team that they Washington would've trouble moving the ball on. Right. More than anybody off the five. I'll say a Two and a, that becomes a tease candidate pretty quickly.


Yeah, yeah. Right. For sure. Well they have seven point teasers if you want. Let's take a break for the podcast.


This episode is brought to you by old El Paso. Does game day hosting feel like an extreme sport? Not anymore. With old El Paso feeding your hungry crowd is oh so easy. Old El Paso's crunchy stand and stuffed shells. Bold seasonings and squeezable sauces are fumble free, flavor packed and perfect for cheering on your team. Football season is taco season with old El Paso. Level up your next Tailgater watch party. Shop Game Day essentials@oldelpaso.com.


This episode is brought to you by LinkedIn. As a small business owner, every new hire added to your team needs to make an immediate impact. Think of CJ Stroud and his rookie year, how he transformed the Texans with limited hiring resources. You don't have the luxury of getting it wrong. you need to feel confident that your candidate is going to perform when the game is done. The line with LinkedIn jobs, you can, as the world's largest professional network, LinkedIn gives you access to more than a billion professionals with the unique skills and experience you need, chances are your next standout star is one of them. A qualified candidate ready to put in the work that makes an immediate impact on your business. On LinkedIn, 86% of small businesses get a qualified candidate within 24 hours. So hire professionals like a professional on LinkedIn. Hire the right person for your role and post your job for free. Go to LinkedIn dot com slash simmons, that's LinkedIn dot com slash simmons to post your job for free terms and conditions apply.


Alright, we're at the fairly watchable Vikings Jaguars in Jacksonville. Well, coach Middles seat be at this game. Oh yeah, yeah. He'll, okay great. I think that guy just goes a lot longer than he is supposed to. He is the guy that we might still be making fun of next year. I think that's the be I think Belichick is either Jackson Bow or, or Vegas. Hmm. I don't think he'd mess with your team because your team's a losing hand. Belichick is having fun, man. He is taking Pi. He's he is not into this coaching thing anymore. He is become like Jim Carrey.


He's dressing up funny. He is like a physical comedian. He is doing pos, you know, posing with his mermaid girlfriend for Halloween. He is loving it. He is, this is a year long plan by Bill Belichick to prove that he's not like the grumpy curmudgeon that couldn't take over your football team because that's probably why he didn't get a job. Raf is badmouthing him. And it was like, this guy's a pain in the ass. He sucks to be around. He's, it's a bad, this has been Belichick proving that there's actually a personality there, which is what everybody who knows him has said. So. So you think the next interview he pulls up that picture. The the mermaid girlfriend. It's like, ah, I think he's gonna keep me on Thanksgiving.


I think he's gonna be wearing an apron going on Chang show making Turkey with Chang. Like, I'm prepared. He, he's on a quest to prove that there's a personality there. Wow. I like it. All right. I don't like it. I like, I like it better when he was a stiff and I can make fun of him. Vikings at Jags. I have Vikings by two and a half. I get this one. I said four and it is four and a half square in the Bagga out. Oh. That's, if you're betting on Sam in Florida on the Good luck it, we just shit on Jacksonville for like an hour and a half. I'm not, they're they're anyone who bets on this game is a lunatic.


I'm with you. Are you worried about Raheem by the way? Yeah, always. Yeah. Well, I mean, we're always worried about Raheem, but Raheem Raheem did well this week and he, you know, he starts tweeting how his wins and his demeanor and the text changes. I always get nervous. It's like watching the first 30 minutes of a movie where the main character's doing really well and you're like, oh no, slow, slow down, dude. He he's, he's gonna move to Vegas. So yes, there's a whole different, this is a whole different place. But he lived in Vegas last year. No, I know. He, I think he said he made a mistake of ever moving away from it. I mean, he gets, he could probably just on comps live there for like two and a half years.


Did he win character of the year for you? I think it's really bring her character of the year. I don't, I don't know what would have to happen in the next two months. Right. Like he's, he's just got a massive lead. Yeah, sir Rudy would have to rack up like 14 DUIs in the next eight weeks. Otherwise, I, I remember when you, when you were coming back to the, to the, to The Ringer to do all this stuff with us. And I was like, I, I can't wait to bring Raheem into your life. You, this is great. This is like one of the great gifts I've ever given you. And it's exceeded all expectations. It's so good. It's a beautiful gift I to worry about him now. Do you think he's in a sports book right now betting on like, like cricket in Argentina. I congratulated him. Like, look at you.


You're, you, I mean, you're in Vegas. You probably woke up 14 minutes ago and you're hitting us with 35 trends and stats that no one's ever heard of. God bless you. Oh my God. And, and he can't wait to get outta that seat and do it again. We, we need like a ringer award ceremony where we can give him some sort of, some sort of word. Just an epic performance by him. Yeah. But yeah, he's on a little bit of a tear. Yeah. Raheem. Yeah. He is hitting him. Not bad. Speaking of tears, the Cardinals home in Arizona, playing the New York Jets. We did not talk about this game, this stupid game. The Jets won on Halloween night. Yeah. With a Texans team that, you know, just didn't have enough horses.


I don't, I don't want CJ Sud, CJ Stroud. I don't like when he has bad games, you know, or sub par games, you know, I'm like, no, I want that guy to be good every single time. But if you look at him on the road, then he got killed by the Jets last year. Yeah. It's weird. I don't like that shit. That whole game flipped on that crazy Wilson touchdown. Right. I feel like the Jets were gonna lose the game and then all of a sudden they were winning. And I, it was very strange Cards home for the Jets. And I'm gonna say Cardinals by two and a half. All right. So you gotta you gotta talk me through this one too. I said Jets buy two, but you're right, it's a Cardinals by one and a half.


So we're the Jets aren't, jets aren't good, but the Jets were favored. So why were they favored against the Texans then? That is what I'm asking first in that game. Only one receiver for the Texans. Texans offensive line is banged up. I don't know man. I don't, I don't get this gambling thing. It really, maybe I never did poop. Fecta Bears our home for the Patriots. And you know what, it's officially, would you rather have Drake May or Caleb Williams week? Oh, and I know where I stand. Oh. And I know where I stand. Don't say anything you gonna regret. I stand with Drake Bay.


Oh wow. You know, who else does Kyle? Kyle? Who would you rather have say it Kyle. That's a loaded question. Love Drake. We love Drake. May that's Listen, everyone's happy with their quarterback, but we love Drake Bay. Good. You should. And if they, if they beat the Bears this week, I would be excited. I the Bears, I think 10 10 football fan bases are happy with their quarterback and that's good. I know. Wet wanna It might be a record. I know even the Vikings are like, Hey we got JJ McCarthy next year. Right. And the Raiders are going, well we're not in that group.


I have the Bears favored by five and a half over the million Patriots. Oh, you edged me out. All right. I said five. It's six and a half. Hmm. Five, seven. You're up seven to four. I really needed that one. It a, it's a field goal game. Yeah. Yeah. Oh boy. Falcons, I can't imagine this not being in the Vegas zone. So I'm gonna say Falcons by four and a half. I get this. I said three and a half. It's only three. Wait. Lemme see if they updated it. If it's anything different. Yeah. Only three. Three point favorite.


They played week four when New Orleans was a real team. Still 26, 24 final. I'll tell you this, if Dennis Allen gets fired and we get a new Saints coach, I'll be taking the Saints for a million dollar picks on Thursday. Oh really? Because you know I love the New Coach theory. Yeah. You don't even know sight unseen. I know who didn't. Who. You could be anybody. It could be Zion Williamson is the new coach. I'm taking the Saints. Interesting sight unseen. Blind. It's coach like you do the Blind Soup Coach. It's like soup de Jo on Postmates in Good taking it. I liked it. Chargers at the Titans. I, I'm Chargers home for the Titans and I think this line has to be Chargers by seven.


Man, you beat me by the half point. I said six and a half and it's eight and a half. Ooh. You get it. That's a tease. Bad. We trust the, isn't it something we trust the Chargers to tease them down. Yeah. You're a good coach. I guess we do. Yeah. Good coach. And a good QB solves a lot of issues. Titans defense is, is like top three in a lot of the metrics. Yeah, it's it's very weird. Yeah. Somehow, even though they gave up 52 points to Buffalo. But even in that one, the metrics for defense is pretty good. Yeah. Sunday night Lions Texans. And it's gonna be in Houston, Texas in a dome. Well you missed one I think. What did I miss? Denver kc. Did we do Denver kc?


I literally missed, oh I had that in the watchable. Fuck I just skipped over it. That is a watchable. It's a i'll, I'll put it in the fairly watchable. I have Chief's home against the Broncos. I have the Chiefs by nine. Oh of course you win this one. I shoulda let you forget it. I said eight. It's nine and a half. Okay. It just feels like the Chiefs are, they're just making it nine, nine and a half now. 'cause they don't want you to tease the Chiefs. Like even this game tomorrow night has been between eight and a half and nine constantly. Yeah. Well Denver, that's gonna be a tough defense for Nicks to look good in the first three quarters.


I think. I'll tell you this though. They were in that game today against Baltimore for almost the entire first half. Okay. Yeah. Nick's missed a wide open guy for a touchdown on I think the first or second drive. He had a guy on the fourth and two and it and the play worked right. And it was there and he missed it. It was a 30 yard touchdown. It's bad. Then he missed another guy for a touchdown. But it didn't matter 'cause they ended up scoring anyway. But it was, it was gonna be 1710 at halftime if they just get off the field and they were hanging around and then that touchdown ended the game. It was 24. You're not winning after that 24 10 with Bo Nicks. It's a wrap.


But 1710 they were hanging around. No, they had to make, that was a game. They had to make the most of every opportunity. Yeah. Sunday night Lions at Houston. And I have Lions by three. Wow. I mean you set a record for nudging me by a half a point of my guess. I said two and a half. It's three and a half. Hmm. That's fair too. I wonder where that lands. 'cause we're not, there won't be Nico Collins. I don't think Digs is out for the year. Right. There's gonna be a lot of Lions Talk about how they're clearly the best team now in the NFC and it's, are we getting Lions chiefs?


I have a lot of Lions chief stuff for the futures. Yeah. I have Lions Bills, I'm, that's what I'm on. But like, Lions chiefs was 36 to one in August looking good because I bet it when I was in Boston on FanDuel looking real good. I think the Lions are better and they, I think this is a fair line. But you think it'll settle at three? Nah, I think it goes to four. I think they're gonna make people gonna force people to bet Houston pretty good. Rest Advantage and plus. Yeah. This is the second, second road game for Alliance in Row. Monday night. Rams Dolphins. It's in la. Maybe we just go to this.


Oh yeah. Monday. We don't know. Competing game here. Did we just go to this? We can, I don't think we can. The the, the Trailblazers are playing the Hawks and you're gonna wanna watch that. Oh shit. Alright. I'll look at the NBA schedule I went to Quick. I might go to this might not, we might, we could go to this. Why not Nice if the Rams, they should roll out the, the ram carpet for us Veteran's Day. I went to the Equippers game yesterday. Oh, tell me first one the arena. I'll save, I'll guess the lines first. Okay. Rams. I'm gonna say Ram's home Rams by four and a half over the Dolphins. Oh, I'm glad I won the last one. I said three and it's two and a Two.


Ooh. Wow. They don't believe, are they thinking there's gonna be a lot of Dolphins fans? Well, they'll be right about that, but it doesn't mean they're gonna play well. All right. So I won the week. Good for you. 10 to six and you're up 6, 3 1. So new Clipper arena. Yeah, they did a great job. They built it for basketball, which you knew So. it doesn't have to be kind of wide on the sides, which you have to do for hockey. So they, it's very much like the Indiana arena. So the corner seats are good. Everything feels like tight. It feels like compact.


It feels like the fans are almost on top of each other in a good way. Leg room in the seats. Just the, the moving around. It's just like a state of the art arena. And then they have this whole video screen that goes all the way around. The suites are higher. They have these bunker suites. They just, everything. They did a great job in. What's interesting though is Balmer didn't want the food to be that good. So in the clubs and even in the, the food upstairs, like really he has this whole thing. He wants people in their seats. Yeah. So the food's like fine but not great because he doesn't want people to be interesting. There's no, like, when you walk around in the concourse, the games aren't on all the different TVs. He doesn't want people, he wants them in their seats cheering for the clippers.


And it's noticeable when you're there. Wow. Everything is built toward like, get back to your seat. Get back to your seat. That's where the action are. There's, you can plug in on your phone, you can bring a, a cord and plug in and they just want you in your seat. Yeah. It's like the, the hotels that purposely give you a shitty buffet. Right. Because they want you out there. They want, again, you, you got like a 26 inch TV in your room because they want you on the floor gamble. Right. Yeah. That's good. So that's, that's a plus or a minus. You. I thought the food would be a little better, but I, I honestly don't care. 'cause I'm going for the basketball, the, the, the team's bad.


It's built around James Harden, which is a problem when you're playing Oklahoma City and they have 17 guys to throw at him. Second score is Norm Powell. And then after that you're keeping your fingers crossed. So I don't, I don't they're they're gonna be like a 35 win team. Probably worse. But, but the arena's cool. Yeah. And it would've been nice if they had a good team and I don't know when the next time they're gonna have a good team is because they had no drop. Well they're saving a lot of money on food. So they'll, they'll they'll be able to recoup over fingers. Yeah. The drive wasn't that bad. It's closer for you I think. Yeah. Yeah. Oh yeah. It's probably 35 minutes for me, getting home was a little bit easier. Parking was not as easy as I thought it was gonna be because really, I thought people said it was, you could park like anywhere.


Like you can park at SoFi and, and, but it's not, you know, it's not, it not as seamless as I thought. Still la Right. I also wasn't going when there was nine other events. So that was the other piece of it. But I was trying to remember like a clipper Saturday night game. 'cause they would never, the Lakers always got the Saturday night games or all the good. Oh right. Yeah. You know, they like, you didn't even have that many clipper Saturday night games, so. Right. But yeah, thumbs up. They did a great job. That's good. How many were you? I like that we're in this new era of arenas that they actually put real thought into where it's like, oh, if I'm in the corner, it's actually a good seat because I'm facing the court. The court like in the right direction.


And the T-shirt stuff is fun too. Like coming outta the scoreboard and, and the Yeah, that was all right. Yeah, it was. Alright. Couple fans are pretty bummed about the team though. Yeah. I mean, Kawhi is, they, they should probably, I know Kauai probably feels like he has to go, you know, because he's, but it's, it's kind of a bummer to see him. 'cause it's like, this is kind of the reason this team sucks is 'cause they went all in on your extension and traded all this shit for you and Paul George and now Paul George is gone and Right. You're just kind of here as this Grimm reaper shadow to remind everybody that you're not playing anymore. Is that part, does Almer know that people get bummed out seeing him? Because maybe he puts TVs in the concourse.


Otherwise something Netflix or something, the TVs in the concourse should just show Kauai highlights from like seven years ago. Right. What do you have for Parent Corner? All right. So. it was Halloween as you know, this past week. And you know, so my kid's 10 turning 11. And so like everybody comes here, the whole family comes here, a bunch of kids. So now it's like 10 kids and we walk over to what's called the Walk Streets, where there's no, there's no drive through traffic. So it's just streets where everybody is given candy, one house after another. And usually you hit two streets and it takes about an hour. And is a million kids there. There's there's a ton of kids there. And it, it's great but terrible at the same time.


Because first of all, you run the risk of losing the kids you're with. And my cousin Mickey would used, used to make them all wear like lit up balloons on their wrists. And then they're walking around with balloons in addition to their costume. But then they revolted. So she, she now is dressed like the Statue of Liberty, but all lit up and puts her arm up in the middle of the place to let everybody know where she is. And she like, yeah. Leads the pack. But anyway, the whole night is me, first of all, I have my phone, I have Amazon, I'm watching the game, the football game. Right. Because I have money. That's a good game. Good game. I bet again, I bet both quarterbacks to throw an interception figuring one would neither of 'em did 50 passes that could have been intercepted.


All right. So I'm screaming. I'm screaming at my phone and screaming at my kid for not saying thank you over and over when someone gives him candy. So couple things. Inflatable costumes. Terrible. My kid went as a copy bar, you know what that is? It's like a weird, some kind of weird animal in Texas. Yeah. He went as an inflated cap bar and electric bikes and they fill the street. I'm like, what are these people doing with electric bikes? Between that and the costumes, I was like, I'm ripping my, what's left of my hair out? I gotta get outta there. So people are trick or treating with electric bikes. Yeah. And just going from house to house because they didn't wanna walk. Yeah. These electric by, are they big by you?


It's disgusting. Oh yeah. Yeah. You can't go anywhere. So between that and the inflated cup. So anyway, we're back, there's no real story to this other than that. They're, they come back and the kids are all trading candy and they're trading and eating candy at 10 30 at night. And like people say, oh, the next day should be off for Halloween. You know, the kids should be off. I don't think so 'cause I don't wanna have to deal with these kids. But it is really awful what we do to teachers sending these, these little dirt bags to school. They're, you know, 25 Reese's peanut butter cups in. Yeah. And so I, I don't know what, I just wanna apologize to teachers for Friday sending these kids to you.


I know they're jacked up on sugar or they're, they're just done Right? Or they're coming down, they're like, right. Exactly. It's like coming off drugs. Yes. So next year I'm sending this teachers a letter of apology and a and a stun gun that they could use on my, my kid. What did Harrison dress as? He is a cop Barra. It's like a, I don't even know what kind of animal. I dunno. I've never heard of that. Okay. He, he, so he's wearing an inflatable costume. Yeah, that's it. He's inflatable costume. So why didn't go is like Shhe or something? No, we're Mets fans. No, a lot of dodger costumes this year. Lot of, lot of bandwagons. I have to say my son turned 17. Oh, the world's largest road rodents to release recess.


Yeah. My son turned 17 the day after Halloween. So our Halloween, he had a friend come over and then they just left. He didn't dress up as really anything. He put like a hat on We, didn't see him again the rest of the night. And, and you know, my daughter's in college and I just, it's kind of a bummer. It's like Halloween's kind of over for us. So it made me nostalgic. Like I have some friends who were like going out trick or treating like our friend Jeff Chow Yeah. Who was taking his kids out. And it's like, we, we went three blocks and you hear the stories, you know, like, oh man, I, I was appreciating it as it was happening, but now I'm, I'm like, you're still in the middle of it a little bit. 'cause at least you have a 10-year-old.


Yeah. But yeah, look, I was overplaying the inflatable costumes and electric bikes. But it is awesome. Trick or treating with you? No, well I, I miss it 'cause it was, I was going back, I'm, I'm like sitting there at like 1230 that night. I'm going through Halloween 2014 with the kids dressed as I'm going through the pictures, I'm like, I'm like Clark Griswold, like on Christmas vacation, the movie, like getting sad looking at the old photos. But the fact that our kids basically Halloween doesn't matter. So my wife invited some friends over, including her. Your wife must have a couple insane friends, right? A couple. Yeah. I would kill if it was down to a couple.


Yeah. Yeah. Well same for my wife. But a couple of her friends came over. Krista and Heather were over and it was just, all bets were off as soon as I heard they were coming over. You're not supposed to call 'em out as insane, I don't think by name. God. Well and I love them though, but, oh, okay. Alright. They came dressed as the, the Shining Girls. Oh, all right. In the, in the blue dresses. So that's how we started there. Was Rose and then, then they all went out and I stayed in 'cause I wanted to just in case we got trick or treaters, but I also really wanted to watch the Texans game. Yeah. And they went out and they came back and my wife was in rough shape on a Thursday night. And eventually my son came back and, and, and my wife had been a little overserved 'cause she was out with the shining girls.


Nice. And, and my son was now like, whoa, what's up with mom? And I was like, we've really come full circle. Now, now, now my wife is the one who's a complete mess. My son is the one being judgemental and I have to worry if I'm sending my wife to school the next day. So yeah, Halloween, full circle, my house thanks to the Shining Girls for getting my wife like just blotto on Thursday night. It sounds like they were the moon shining Halloween shining girls. Yeah. That's great. And see it, my son was, my son's birthday was the next day, but I was thinking like 17 years before that we were in the hospital. As I'm pushing, I'm yelling at him in the belly to come out so he could be born on Halloween and he just choked.


He came it three in the morning. Couldn't do it. Oh man. It's three hours late. Could've been the Michael Myers baby. You should have asked Ben. You'd be like, listen, I I I miss going out with you on Halloween. Can I, can I hang with you and your friends? Can I tag along? What would he say? Yeah. He doesn't want, he doesn't wanna hang out with us. He doesn't wanna, that's sad. No, he's in that. I, listen, I was in that stage. I totally get it. He'll go back to the copy bearer stage, you'll see. It'll be fine as I'll say it again. I'm jealous that you have the third kid. It's a big hole in my resume. I wish we had one more. Could always adopt. They're right there for you. Alright. That's the parent corner. How's the basketball gambling going? Not bad. I, I don't know. I'm, I'm doing player props because I feel like I get angrier when teams blow 14 point leads.


Oh, I, I can lose it. What about you? I've stayed away. I've been really enjoying all the futures I have. The, the one thing is I really think the bucks might be screwed. Yeah. And saw that like even the other night they were I think minus two against Cleveland. I just don't think the bucks are good. And this happens in the NB sometimes where they keep waiting for the team to Right the ship and I don't think it's gonna happen with them. So at least until Chris Middleton comes back So it seems like an opportunity to keep going against them, but, alright. All right. Cus what do you got to plug? What do I have? I have, oh, against all odds. We're gonna recap the Monday night football game. We got our college hoops preview and through The Ringer.


Speaking of college hoops, I do it with Tate every week. It's a lot of fun Ring a pregame show on Sunday going for eight and two with my wisest wager Simmons Never been this good. What did you hit this week? I did the over in the Cincinnati Las Vegas game. Oh, Cincinnati Raiders game That that, yeah that was easy that that did. Okay, great. One and Tony Gonzalez on Cousin Sal's winning weekend this Friday. So that'll be fun. So I have one of for you to mention to Tate Go ahead. I saw, I can't, I guess FanDuel doesn't have it but I saw it on Twitter. I can give you his number if you want Future.


No. Which one? No, they don't have it yet. There was a Cooper flag for the wooden award. Bet. Yeah, he was like five to one. He was the favorite. Yeah, I think I saw six. Yeah, he's definitely winning the wooden award. That's but like lock it in unless it gets hurt. I wanna put money on that. Are we allowed to bet we're allowed to bet on college basketball players? Right. So here here's the, here's the crazy thing. You can't bet on it until he turns, how old is he gonna turn in like 18? 18. He turns 18 in January. I think I might have the month wrong. You're not allowed to bet on it until he is 18. So we're not allowed to bet on people who aren't 18 yet.


I believe that's what actually Tate told me the other day. So what if it's a tennis player who bet on like what if it's like Boris Becker in the 1980? Yeah, right. Six Wimbledon where you just can't bet on him. Jennifer Caprioti. I don't know, some, some league restrictions are probably more, I mean on as soon as we can bet on Cooper Flag I'm in. As long as it's plus odds. Really? Okay. He's gonna be awesome. Yeah. Oh, I'm in on him. Alright. You should have, you should have your own, like there should be a tank podcast, right? It should just be all about tanking for, for Cooper Fleck. Well this year we're gonna have, there's seven or eight teams. Utah's already committed to it. I mean that Utah's, this is what I mean, like eight teams.


How long, when, when are you ever gonna have that again? But yeah, it's, there's a few of them. Alright, there you go. I'll see you next Sunday. Sorry about the Cowboys. Good job by you. I am too. Congratulations on Drake May. Good job by you. Thanks to Steve Saru and Kyle Creighton. As always, you can watch all the clips and episodes on our YouTube channel and I'm gonna be back with a podcast probably earlier on Tuesday, election day. So in the morning. So see you then.


Must be 21 plus in President select states for Kansas and affiliation with Kansas Star Casino or 18 plus in President dc. Gambling problem, call 100 gambler or visit rg help.com. Call 1 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org/chat in Connecticut. Or visit md gambling help.org in Maryland. Hope is here. Visit gambling helpline ma.org or call 803 2 7 50 50 for twenty four seven. Support Massachusetts. Or call 1 8 7 7 8 Hope ny. Or Text Hope NY in New York.