
You're listening to The Bill Simmons Podcast presented by FanDuel. FanDuel has made it easier than ever to see how your bets are doing without even opening the app. Now you can get the latest updates, follow along in real time, directly from your phone's lock screen, yeah. Or Apple Watch, no login required. Just head to your My Bets page to turn it on if you don't already have it. Download the FanDuel Sportsbook app today to get in on the action. The Ringer is committed to responsible gaming. Please visit rg help.com to learn more about the resources and helplines available and Listen to the end of this episode. For additional details. You Must be 21 plus of President select state's game problem Call win hundred GAMBLER. Visit RG help.com. Coming up a wild Raus weekend of NBA Action, it's all next.


This episode is presented by State Farm on the basketball court. The best players know when to pass and off the court. You still need teammates who are there when accounts. That's where State Farm comes in with agents to help you find coverage that's right for you. You can focus on what really matters, whether that's hitting game winners or just getting through the day Like a good neighbor. State Farm is there. State Farm coverage Options are selected by the customer. Availability and eligibility vary by state.


We're also brought to you by The Ringer Podcast Network where Avenue New Rewatch was going up on Monday night. It is a one for us. It's just me and Chris Ryan. We went old school. We just picked a movie we really liked. That's on Tubi a lot. It's called Someone to Watch Over Me. It starts Tom Beringer, Mimi Rogers. It came out 35 years ago, maybe even longer than that. And directed by Ridley Scott and we love it. So we just decided to dive in. I'm gonna make it up to you the week after 'cause we're doing a huge movie the week after. So there you go. Last episode of Celtic City is gonna be on HBO 9:00 PM et that's it.


Nine episodes and we're done. This was an episode that we worked on, not knowing how last season was gonna play out and then of course last season played out with the title. So we had to mix some stuff around. But I'm really proud of this series. You can watch all the other episodes on Max and then this will be the last one and then binge it. If you haven't watched it yet, maybe wait till the NBA playoffs. Calm down a little bit and dive in. But we're really proud of it. If you're an NBA fan, I don't understand why you wouldn't enjoy watching this. So there you go. Coming up on this podcast. So this is a weird one 'cause Ryan SSC and I went live right after the Indiana Milwaukee game, which FE featured unfortunately a pretty dramatic moment.


Not great for Dame Lowered, but so we talked about the whole weekend and then me CE and Van Lathan, we taped right after the Lakers Minnesota game and talked about the NFL drafted as well. So that's the second hour of the podcast that's already up on YouTube. So if you're watching this live, watch us live and then you can go watch that video as well. So pretty action packed Sunday here on the BS pod. First our friends from Pearl Jab.


All right, we are here. It's nine o'clock we're SIL is here. We already taped an hour earlier this afternoon. You can go watch it on my YouTube channel. Me Van Silla. We covered the Lakers and that's Coming up later in this podcast too. Silla, I was all excited to talk about what a great basketball weekend this was. And then a damper in that Milwaukee, Indiana game. It looked like Dame, I assume he tore his Achilles. We've seen enough of these now to think that that's probably what it looked like. It wasn't great and it really feels like we are now at the finish line of this Milwaukee era. So we'll start with the Dane piece 'cause it's just been Star Cross really since the moment he showed up in Milwaukee.


He's in his mid thirties. He's a small guard. Tough to come back anyway, feel bad for him. This never worked out. And then big picture, there's a lot of Yana stuff to talk about. So you tell me where do you wanna start? Yeah, look, I I, I think if Dame were healthy going into next year, you could do what a lot of teams do and kind of talk yourself into like, well if this works and you know, tweak here and this guy's more comfortable, we have a full training camp and all these different things, it's the first thing I thought of was, okay, now I think it'll change the conversation considering what we're talking about, how much he is owed and if, I mean, I know Bucks fans can't stand this stuff, but I, I think this ramps up the speculation and probably the most speculated topic in the NBA in the last two years.


I would say there's more gossip about Giannis ever getting to that point. If you would ever want to. Because look, even with Dame, this team isn't close like this series is. This series is alarming I think from Milwaukee because I think a lot of Bucks people were, Hey, you know, it's not like we're going up against the one seed here. Like let's see what happens. Have the best player in the entire series and this thing really isn't close other than Gary Trent going crazy in game three. Yeah, I felt, I mean this was my favorite bet of the entire first round was Indiana to win game one in Indiana, win the series. I think Indiana's underrated. I thought Milwaukee was overrated. I think Milwaukee loses the series regardless of what happens with Dame, which is why it was such a bummer because when it happens in the series when it Milwaukee still seemed like they had a puncher's chance to hang around.


Their favorite tonight, right? They're down two one the series, their favorite minus four tonight. You never know he could get high. They have Giannis, who's the best guy in the series. But I just continue to think Indiana's really good. I I can't think Cleveland is like fired up to see them in round two. And if you're telling me could I have Indiana in round two or could I have New York in round two as an opponent, I'm taking the Knicks a hundred times outta a hundred in that. Aren't you, wouldn't you rather play the Knicks than Indiana? Yeah, I still think the Brunson, especially with today the reminder of like, I think that high level stuff as far as the scoring, it's still better than anything the Pacers can offer. But you know, last year the Pacers got to the Eastern conference finals because of their offense and because of the teams were injured.


Yeah. So that's part of it. And you know, despite them being competitive in the Eastern Conference finals against Boston last year in some of those games, those are really good games. And I think all of this stuff, the truth is told in those last two, three minutes of these type playoff games, like we see it time and time again where you go, okay, well this is really where, you know, we separate the men from the boys but their defense was a mess. And so I think going into the series, one of the things that was undersold was, you know, after the Allstar break as a Pacers team that went 20 and nine, they were eighth in the NBA on defense. Yeah. You know, Milwaukee, who couldn't quite figure it out the entire time, had a nice record after the Allstar break, but they were 16th on defense. And you know, I look at tonight's game and at one point Milwaukee shooting 43% from the floor, they're 13 to 30 on threes, 43% their plus two and free throw makes rebounds about even they were, they were four less than the Pacers team.


They only had seven turnovers and they were down 22 points. Yeah. So you like, you run through that and you go, oh they're probably in it or they're at least winning. And they were down 22. So I, I think this Pacers team, I'm, I'm with you, this team, I'm not gonna pick him against Cleveland, but they, they changed, it felt like they changed, they morphed into something far more serious and they play like 11 guys, which I'm really curious to see what Carlisle is gonna do. Did he, do you think he thought so little of the bucks that he was like, I don't care if I play 10 guys in the first quarter of a playoff game 'cause he is done that. Yeah, I think they're super confident in this series. I just, they like the bucks just aren't good enough defensively.


By the time we started taping this, the Pacers had like 34 assists in this game. You are, when you're in the high twenties and up in assists, that tells me two things. One is your team likes to move the ball and two, you're probably playing a team that can't, you know, kind of recover and rotate in time. So it, I just, it confirmed everything I thought heading into the series. I just didn't think the bucks were just good enough as a team defense. I think it's a weird team. Like they really need these weird porter, these six minute stretches where Porter just gives up mi and offense. 'cause other than that, what, what else do they have other than the honest piece and now Dame gone. That's it. So you know, I think big picture if I'm Indiana, this couldn't have turned out better.


We might be able to get rid of these guys in five, right? Cleveland's gonna get rid of Miami in four. They'll just, they'll that, that series will start a little early but not too early. They'll have five days to really circle each other and look at each other. And I, I think, I don't know man, I I, I would probably pick Cleveland at seven at gunpoint but I really wanna look at this 'cause I think Indiana has a real chance in this series. I really do. I think they can hang with them. I think it's a nice matchup. I think they their guards against Cleveland's guards, I think they can throw some punches and make them work on defense. I think they have three point shooting and they have a bench to throw at them that can match Cleveland's bench, which I think was a huge advantage for Cleveland this year.


Now Cleveland brings in their bench, but Indiana's bringing in good guys too. I think Knee Smith putting him on Mitchell and having him chase him around, that's not nothing. And I think they can at least make Cleveland sweat. I think Cleveland's really good. We've been talking about them all year. But I also think Indiana's really good. I think they have an identity. I think they know who they are. So do I think Cleveland's gonna win? Yeah, probably. But do I think they're psyched to see Indiana? I don't, Yeah, this is the part where I probably push back a little bit. Go ahead. Cleveland C push back a lot. Really good. So yeah, You know, unless the Pacers have turned into that, I'm not saying they can't get a couple games here, but there's a difference between like do you feel like Cleveland is going to be threatened in those closing moments of multiple games?


And I guess you could make the argument to say well last year against Boston, I don't know, there's just certain games where I watch and maybe it's the preconceived bias of going into a series, but there's games that I'll watch where I just go, I don't like at zero. I know the score is four points, but there's zero fear that this other team is gonna win four, six points or whatever. So I'm sure the Pacers are gonna have a night where they shoot it really well but you know, they had to, they didn't, it didn't matter. Giannis could have gotten 50 a game. I mean the numbers we had seen from the individual matchups, whether it was mates Giannis, they were pretty bad Turner, they were even worse. And it really doesn't matter. 'cause to your point, I mean Trent has to go crazy in game three. The Kevin Porter Jr.


Minutes are like, he's talented but I don't know that I would call him good. You know, before tonight's game where he went off, you know he had a huge second quarter, he went off in garbage time too. But 23 minutes a game, he was 29% from the floor. 17% from three CMAs plus minus was terrible. I mean the bucks were so bad around Giannis that Gianni's net rating going into the night's game in these three games was plus 0.9. He wasn't a full point positive. That's how bad everybody else was around him. So, you know, you could say the same as Miami is is zero threat and you never really feel all that threated. I just, I'm gonna be surprised if it goes seven i I would be against Cleveland.


And that's more of about what I think Cleveland is capable of building towards this moment. If you look in last 25 regular season, Cleveland was seventh net rating and Indiana was ninth. The Indiana stats basically for the last two thirds of the season, they were a top eight team pretty consistently. And that, that was why I, I just couldn't believe the Indiana, the Indianapolis, Milwaukee stuff. I thought they were clearly a better team. And even if you spotted, like you said, if you spotted Giannis 38 and 17 every game, I still think Indiana wins the series. Let's let's go big picture. Oh go ahead. Go. I just think there's at least like Jokic is the factor of game four.


Like that's, that's the part of the Milwaukee conversation leading into, it's like what if that guy goes nuts and Right. I think that's what happened in game four for Denver. 'cause there was a lot from the guys around him that I didn't like. But I can't wait To talk about that. Ken Was just spectacular again but there's just, there's just not enough and the fall off is so bad. I mean even Bobby Portis, you're like hey he could have a game. Yeah maybe he went for 28 in one game and he goes for four in the next and that's Bobby Portis, Right? So Milwaukee wins the 21 title. They lose to Boston in seven the next year in round two they lose to Miami in round one. One of your favorite round one series ever. The Jimmy Butler series they lose to Indiana last year and round one have some injuries they lose to round in round one this year they've had three coaches.


They have that dame trade that turns out part disaster to begin with and then he gets hurt. Makes it kind of a full disaster. If you look back at the last two years of the assets they gave up, they, they're in real trouble with draft picks, which I think they even could have Tar started talking about on the broadcast. They don't have their pick this year. You want that Like no, I mean I don't, I it's, it's so much Bleecker than just, oh man, our second best guys probably out next season and we don't have a bunch of assets coming in. They have a swap with New Orleans in 26. That's New Orleans call. Right? So start there, they 27 pick, right?


Yeah, yeah. Their 27 pick goes to New Orleans. Their 28 and 30 picks are swaps with Portland. That's Portland's call. And I think one of them then becomes the 28 pick then becomes the second swap of Washington. So they get the third worst pick that year and then their 29 first goes to Portland so they don't have their pick the next five years. So when you think about like oh they could trade Denis blow it up and rebuild, they can't rebuild 'cause they don't have their picks. This ISN an even worse situation than Brooklyn. So whatever they do, they almost have to like stay competitive in whatever trade they get back. And I was looking at the teams that were the possibilities, I hate doing this but why not?


And it's Houston I think has to be a con a consideration. 'cause Houston could make a four for one with picks get Giannis, keep a couple guys and be really good. Brooklyn has been the rumored one but I don't know if Brooklyn can give them enough picks back that they could still stay competitive. Okay. C has to be mentioned. There's a N trade with towns and picking and Obie or Bridges for Giannis, like something like that that I don't think is realistic. And then S Orlando Magic, I think those would be the five teams. Right? And they're not giving a Palo for Giannis I don't think. But could you do Franz and some other black and a bunch of picks and you know maybe, I don't know.


But if you hear all those teams that I just listed off, what was the one that jumped out to you? If Houston gets bounced in the first round, you know I pushed back on you when you started bringing up the Durant stuff after game one just 'cause it's just you and I doing our back and forth. But I don't know that you were wrong. You know there was another piece I read this morning that was basically hit on the exact same thing. Like they had to get game three without Jimmy Butler and the offense continues to be terrible even with Jalen Green's huge night in in game two. The problem is, is he's your number one option offensively and you don't quite know like your number one off option. Like even if it's not super efficient, you're still supposed to get like 25 'cause you're, you're just gonna get so many opportunities.


Your usage rate is gonna be so high. Right. Even that felt like Van Bleed. So look they've done a really Good job but you forgot Shung Goon was a little Tobias heresy in that game three. It was like, hey it's Shung goon. Yeah I didn't realize you were still here. I thought you left because I do think he's done a good job and like seeing how he's being played where he is reminding him he can stretch like I wouldn't say stretch the floor but stretch the paint maybe is the nice way of putting it where it's like you have the touch to be able to kind of pull up if Draymond's gonna play you in the restricted area. I think there've been times I've actually been impressed looking at at sh Goon kind of reading how they defend him anyway. None of that's really that important but as good of a job as they've done, as much as we all like the roster, we talk about it all year long and and how exciting it is.


They have too many guys like re shepherd not playing at all for a team that needs offense speaks to like do you really know what you have a Jabari, what's the contract situation there? The Jalen Green thing they had to get creative with Yeah. Is probably a guy just based on the size part of it. Tari, is he better than Jabari? Would you rather have him, would you rather have a man than any of these guys? I mean Cam Whitmore doesn't even play like there's, there's so Who would you keep? Who, if you're trying to get Giannis and you're obviously keeping Thompson, I think that's the one guy we're like, we're never trading him. Sorry, can we get Giannis? Can we get Thompson? Pretty much everybody else is a conversation.


I think So why don't you rank? Would you rather get rid of, I understand that you're saying no to man, even though I think the limitations in his offensive game when we argued about this months ago, I'm not taking a victory lap. I can't do it. No, I'm not talking about trading. I'm not, I mean if he's not, if if it's like he has to be in the trade or we're not trading Giannis, that's a different conversation. But I'm trying to do this while keeping s Yeah, Thompson's won. I think I'd still rather hold out hope for Jabari because of his shooting. I Still like Jabari. Yeah I feel like, And then there's so much more there the way he uses the, the way he's being used on that team versus what I think might be lurking in there.


They're basically like go stand in the corner. Right. Play some defense, go stand in the corner. And that's all we really looking for from you. I, I actually think in this Golden State series, I wouldn't mind if they ran some stuff through him anyway. So, so Ahead of do you havet ahead of Jalen Green? Oh yeah, I do too. I don't think that's a crazy opinion. I go further Mean Tara should play 40 minutes a game. I wouldn't take him out Start, I'd like to see him unleashed for yeah 38 Just fucking let him go. So, and you know, who knows Tara's like one of those classic players a couple years from now you're like, remember how much we liked him? Like that was Yeah, maybe he's like a guy who looks awesome in 20 minutes, but if it's 40 maybe not as good.


How dumb do you want to get? Would you rather keep Reed Shepherd or Jalen Green? Oh man. Has Reed done anything? Has there been one moment this year where you're like, there it is. Yeah, the Phoenix, was it the Phoenix game? I, you know, to look up, I I just feel like Jalen has more, more value than maybe, maybe it's worth if you're trying to win a title, I would, I would say the Seesaw, you could probably get more for him than you're gonna get from him keeping him. But who knows OKC game, he went off 25, he was 10 is 17 A couple is there in Orlando, is there a Franz Anthony Black in just a million picks scenario.


They're like, hey we don't wanna be able to shoot what we want to do it differently, Differently. We, we want a different way for you to pack it in Palo because just as an official statement from me, I will not hear any Palo negativity from anyone. Just, I know I don't snap to say it to you, but like if you want, you wanna talk about some of these Efficiency. Listen, my favorite team's been going against him for four games. That dude has answered the call. He is a full fledge playoff guy and really gives a shit and has been playing his absolute ass off. And I'm terrified of him. If Tatum were 31, would you trade him for polo?


How old would Tatum have to be? 34. That's pretty good. Yeah, It's a good one. Tatum, four years from now for Paolo, I I definitely have to have a meeting. He was, yeah, Be like, hey we're not gonna be off on this. I know. I said you guys could go home on Friday. We, we have to Talk guys, we need to stick around. We have a time machine trade to discuss. Let, let's keep doing this. 'cause I don't even know that if a guy just looking at the, the contract stuff here for Lillard, like I I do think that this is, you know, granted they're down three one, whatever, but I mean, Well this is, we're gonna find out tomorrow that he is probably out for the year. Barring a miracle. I think it would have to be a miracle for to be the injury. We think it Is. He's owed about 113 million the next two years.


Next, next year, year after right. It's 54 and 58, something like that. Yeah, so at 35 and 36. So I think the feeling around the Giannis conversation has always been a little garnets where you'd heard for years kgs like maybe, maybe, maybe. And then I remember even talking to Chauncey Billups about it, which he shared the story. So I don't know if it was him off the air or on the air or whatever. Just him saying like, dudes were telling Garnet like you need to get out of there and go somewhere else because you know Glen Taylor the whole deal, like it's not gonna work for you. You tried, you've been loyal the entire time but like it's time to bounce and you know, plus There tenure one, unlike Garnet, he has the title, he won a title in Milwaukee, which is a different level of freedom.


But I, I still think it's, it's kind of nice, right? It's kind of nice that Garnet and maybe Giannis if he shares those sensibilities to think, yeah, I don't really want to be the guy that does any of these things, but I, I couldn't help but think it when Dame went down. 'cause it's like, all right, so Now you have 54 million in the guy. That's supposed to be the answer to raising the ceiling. Who, if this injury is as significant as we think it might be, I wonder if that changes the summer and if it does then does it turn into a bidding war? Does Giannis get involved and say, Hey, I'm only going here. So then the price changes Up. What happens if San Antonio gets involved? What if they go fuck it and say dude, let's, what, what would it look like if Weby and Giannis were in the same team?


But I wonder because of the pick stuff that you just ran through, which is serious if they go well we'd rather run this with with Jalen Green and Jabari and Right, a couple picks, Right? We do four for one and be decent, right? Yeah because we just saw Atlanta in that situation where they didn't have their pick. So they actually had to keep playing hard and ended up, you know, making the plan where I think if they had their pick, they probably, once Jalen Johnson got out, they would've been done. Can I give you one more scenario? And I spent a solid 11 minutes deep dive in this on Google. Love it. So Brooklyn has two versions of cap space. They have the cap space for a max guy, but they can also renounce some restricted free agents and really blow out their cap space.


And if you look at what they have, they basically have $54 million worth of guys that are actually hardcore on the books, plus a bunch of restricted guys. And I was thinking, is there a scenario where Milwaukee says to Brooklyn, we'll trade you Giannis, but you have to also take Dame's contract in the deal and he'll be ready in a year. And that's part of the trade. You have to take 'em both and we'll just figure this out with the machinations of it. And Milwaukee's basically they just, they clean their cap. 'cause Milwaukee right now has Kuzma at 22 and 20. Congratulations by the way on that. Two more years of him Portis for 13 next year Conant for 10, Porter and AJ Green are five combined and that's it.


So if for some way they could put Giannis and Damon the same trade to Brooklyn, that's the only team who would work and take some contracts back, but not a ton and basically just have a full reboot. And I don't even know how realistic that is, but I had to mention it because I spent some time googling it. It's a little unorthodox. Yeah, so the cap would be like 1 56 next year. Yeah, It's in the mid one fifties. Would they be able to do that? So it's, it's kind of doable. They'd have to put a like a couple contracts back but it, it, it is like doable. They'd have to renounce everybody. They'd have to do what we've seen teams do in the past where they just, they cut their books except for the con guys on contract. So I, to me he used to makes the most sense.


I maybe he's a deal breaker to me. He used to makes the most sense because they have too many guys, as you mentioned, they also have a shitload of picks and including a couple really nice Phoenix picks. So would you say the Milwaukee situation is now Bleecker than Phoenix? No, because they still have the best player by, you know, despite how much I seem to like Booker more than everybody else. You're still talking about Giannis probably being the second best player in the world. Yeah, if you were a gm I'd be like, we should call Illa.


He loves, he loves Booker. I bet he'd overpay for him. He's just huge Booker guy. He's having drinks with Illa at the hotel bar. He is just fucking loves Booker. I bet we can get in one more swap in the deal. He'll just, he'll just, he won't be able to handle it. He's just going right in at him. I don't understand the Giannis Brooklyn thing, even though I've heard it is why would he go there by himself? It's basically, so this, the analogy would be 50 years ago, literally 50 years ago, Kareem going in LA for a bunch of stuff and like, play here a year and then we'll figure out who's on your team I think would be the idea.


But then you lose another Giannis here and he is had six, seven straight years of 30 12 and six. So Kare was what, what, 27, 28 when he went Yeah. To Lakers. Well he was, he was gonna be a free agent in the, after the 76 season. They traded him a year early in 75. So he'd been in college four years. He'd been on the Bucks for like six. So he is probably right around the same Giannis age. So, and Giannis has got a couple years on him. He'd be 31 in December though. So it's not, it's not like some massive gap. I dunno. It sucks. I mean as if Milwaukee fans weren't bummed out enough. Yeah, sorry that you could spend the first 20 minutes on this kind of deal. Hey listen, they won a title.


Could be worse. Got a title outta Yiannis. He had a great player who you drafted. Was he outside the lottery or right at the tail end of the lottery? I can't remember. Yeah, 15. You hit the jackpot with this amazing pick. You did a lot of good games and now unfortunately this is how the NBA works. I, I was thinking well look, I'm I'm Game for like talk, talk me into why it's gonna get better and I, yeah, as soon as Dame went down, it's the first thing I thought of was, okay, this may may change the summer. I mean, I don't know, but you have to ask. We're gonna take a break for the podcast. Keep going on YouTube and talk about our two favorite guys.


This episode is brought to you by MICHELOB ULTRA Spring is here my favorite time of the year. That means the NBA playoffs are here too. What am I the most excited about? I'm excited to see if the Celtics can defend their title. I'm excited to see if Steph Curry and Jokic can keep going and going and going round after round. I'm excited for the potential of an LA versus LA playoffs series. It's never happened. Clippers Lakers, never in my lifetime is KC For real. Is Cleveland for real? Is SGA gonna prove that he is the best scoring guard in the postseason? Basically since Michael Jordan, since Kobe Bryant. Is he on that level? We're all gonna find out. There's plenty to look forward to on and off the court. Like Michelob Belcher Courtside, that's another thing. It's getting fans closer to the game with unique prizes. Plus they're giving you the chance to win tickets to the NBA finals. You heard me, the NBA finals, which I hope are in Boston. Just head to michelob belcher.com/nbas. MICHELOB ULTRA courtside BA finals sweepstakes no purchase necessary open US residents excluding Maryland residents 21 and up begins 9:00 AM ET on February 16th, 2025 ends on May 5th, 2025. See official rules at MICHELOB ULTRA dot com slash rules for price and details. Message and data rate may apply Void. We're prohibited.


Alright, RACC, you wanna go Curry or you wanna go? Jokic, where do you wanna go? I'll let you choose your own adventure for this part of the podcast. I was thinking about it the other day. Who are your five favorite athletes in your lifetime? Non Boston? No, just gimme, gimme. I don't know if I'll get to five, but like gimme the five in order, right? Bird's one Bird, ESP Two. Yeah, I've had so many, I mean we've had some good ones in Boston. Ortiz has to be in there, Bobby or has to be in there even though I barely remember his Prime Brady.


I really love Gronk. Gronk was like everything I wanted from just somebody passing through my life for 10 years and as a football player he was great. But non Boston Curry and Jokic are way up there for me with Jordan and Bernard King. I loved, I really loved Walter Payton for some reason as a kid That's, I think that's normal as a kid because I, I think, yeah, Well it's not like he was on TV all the time, but I just loved him. I loved his football cards, I loved the quips. I was just always like wanted him to win. And then of course he beat the Pats And he was awesome. Had a cool nickname. Yeah, I'll let Mine's Barkley it. There're never be anybody Barley's won. There'll never be anybody that touches Barkley.


Chris Mullin's number two because of the St. John stuff. And again, this is being young and being impressionable. I would say that 86 Sox season, especially being like a little league pitcher and seeing Clemens, especially that first half and being that into it and being a total new, just a nerd of a kid. Like keeping score of games and stuff and just riding up. I Out's Clemens. Yeah, yeah. Well that's fine. But Clemens Clemens is probably the last childhood thing, unless I wanted to go Walter Berry, but that's probably a good stretch. So Mine, mine was Fred Linford child. Fred Lynn was my favorite Red Sox spl growing up. Okay. He was, yeah. 'cause for the Red Sox, like I did love Augh but at that point I was starting to like phase out of it, start talking to girls, you know, like alright, maybe I'm not gonna worship another dude this much.


But what I'm saying is I think Steph is, it's top five for me. Wow. It really is. He's more so than any Celtic. Yeah. You know, I don't know that there's anybody, I mean maybe it's Brady, but again, I, I kind of cared more about Brady than I cared about the Patriots towards the end of it. The point is, is let's start with Curry because I was thinking about this today going do I like, like just knowing that we can still have a curry night. Oh yeah. You know, for those that hate it, fine. I mean it just sucks 'cause you're missing out on a guy that It's like hat blow jobs. How do, I mean how do you hate Steph Curry? It's ridiculous. What's to hate? I just can't believe it.


Like this age we're still getting curry that we're still getting Curry nights where for a half it's like he's gonna, he's gonna do because this, I was really worried about Saturday night's game being like, is this gonna be this atrocious regular season pre Jimmy Butler version of the Warriors where it's like they just don't have any kind of chance whatsoever. Just a lot of Minga ISOs. Yeah. So start just Cur getting mauled off the ball. Start with your talking points on the Warriors. Well Curry's 37, he's two years older than Michael Jordan was in the 1998 last dance season in the finals, right? When Jordan was like, whoa, he is so old. He's still doing it. He's 35.


You know, and LeBron's blown out the age bear in a lot of ways. But LeBron is also this incredible physical specimen and Curry is this guy that comes into the league and for the first four years, like he, you know, he's having ankle problems, he's in that Milwaukee trade. They give Milwaukee the choice between Monte Ellis or Curry. That's where his stock was. And then he has this incredible 10 year run and it started to feel like, you know, in October November it started to feel like we're at the tail end of it. It really did. Like his, his team wasn't good enough. The league around him was getting better and younger and and just more athletic and faster and it just seemed, it seemed like 22 was gonna be his swan song.


And then you watch him really since this Butler trade. But games like last night and I had just come back from that Jokic game, which I can't wait to talk about. And there there was a weird similarity with the two performances where these guys are at such a high level now. The teams are throwing like the most complicated defenses at them. Weird wrinkles play to play double teams. They're banging them, they're doing everything possible to throw them off and they just have such command of the offense now and and what they wanna do and when to pick their spots and when to the sense of like, ah, the game's kind of slipping, right? I gotta take over the game right here for like three minutes. Right? Jokic has the exact same thing And even though those guys are completely different players watching how they orchestrate the game and insert themselves in the right spots, I just think, I thought he was so good last night.


That third quarter he had last night was unbelievable. And Jokic just third quarter was even better. Jokic had 16 points and eight rebounds in the third quarter yesterday against Clippers. It just fucking annihilated them. But for Curry to do that against that Houston team with the link they, they have with those wings, the guys they can throw at them all the ways they were guarding him and the fact that they didn't have Jimmy, you know, and then the other thing is Gary Peyton won the game for them down the stretch and you think like they're 22 lineup now Wiggins is in there, Moody's in the Wiggins spot I guess. But that was basically their 22 lineup. Peyton Wiggins, Draymond Curry, who am I forgetting?


Clay. Clay. So who's and Buddy healed in the clay spot. So you had the FS Clay, you had the facsimile Wiggins and then, but basically that they were super small down this. Did you think they were gonna be able to get away going that small? That was like small, small. Yeah I Think I was always worried about it. But then you watch Houston's offense go through these stretches and you're like, even if Golden State's getting stuck or Curry's missing some of these desperation shots. 'cause I thought he had to get more desperate in some of the shots that he was making in game two. Yeah. Or excuse me, game one when they won game one then game three. So it felt like there was a couple more like are you kidding me moments? But his control of this game and leading to those Gary Peyton cuts where you know, you just start to see, I mean we even saw it somewhat in game three to Detroit where Cade started realizing like two were staying with me off of everything.


Then Duron has to be ready to catch. Yeah. And I think they hit dur like three times in a row and then eventually, you know, they're gonna adjust and go okay we've gotta pay more attention to the role guy here because he kind of figured it out with, with Houston and their defense to see a team that's this good defensively with this many options. And I know Brooks fouled out of it but they were, it's, it's kind of that mentality of like getting tired and making those mistakes and it's like, oh my God I gotta run to Curry. And Gary Peyton's just eaten for free every time off of all of it. If Curry felt like he didn't have a good shot. I think the April 6th game, even though it felt like this warning to who Golden State was gonna be facing defensively and the men Thompson headlines and all that stuff. Yeah. And then I guess inside the building a Houston staffer saying belt to ass, belt to ass.


Like the joy that you get in taking out Golden State in their building. It may have been a blessing in disguise for Golden State and Curry because I felt like his shot aggressiveness not from where he would be taking it. 'cause talked about this and I remember when he explained it was really great, he was like, look I noticed that this is the way they were handling something off of any kind of ball screen. So I knew I had to be like getting into my shot off of the catch because he couldn't close because if I waited I gave him time to recover. Hmm. I felt like in this series you can tell that that regular season game on April 6th maybe impacts Steph's decision making of like getting into his shots more instead of kind of waiting to read stuff and then once they were just trying to defend him with everybody at the end, as long as you can catch the ball behind all that stuff, it's gonna be really easy for you.


And that's where Gary Peyton was, was huge. 'cause you know, PGES skis up and down, Minga is all over the place. Draymond doesn't wanna shoot. You don't really know what to expect outta any of the bigs. Like I just don't know that that team's supposed to be a really good defensive team. The good part is Houston can't score. They were super small and I don't know. So Yeah, PKY I think would throw into that, that 22 version. I I think they like him better than than Buddy at this point. Right. But they needed, buddy was the Clay last night. I guess they were using him for the spacing and he actually made some threes. Pky normally would be the guy in that spot and they keep trying Minga now 'cause they don't have a choice. And it's just, you know, I think, I think the fruit's been outta the fridge for too long with him.


Unfortunately. I don't, I don't know if there's a lot there but they had to win that game last night because I Think Houston had to win that game last night. I it was a weird, it was the rare game three must win. I agree. I I felt like, you know, 'cause now I now I think Gold State probably has a series. It's so hard for Houston to score. I just hate their plays. I hate their offense. It's one of those teams when they're up 10, 12, they look really good like they did in game two but for normal games with, with real flow and they need to, and I just don't trust anything they're doing offensively. If Jimmy is limited, Houston still can win this series, Right?


If he's fucked up for another two weeks. Yeah, Well they have, that's they three days until game four. You know, we, I asked you when we did the, the part that's Coming up with Van about who, who Golden State would rather play between the Lakers in Minnesota and you were pretty passionate about Minnesota. I think the one thing, if the, if Golden State went as small as they did last night against Minnesota, I think they'd have a little more trouble. Like I, I think they'd have more trouble from a rebounding standpoint 'cause Minnesota's a little more built to protect the boards I think with smaller lineups than the Lakers when Dodge who had one rebound tonight.


Incredible Steph game. All right, you wanna do Clippers? Hey can you double check the schedule stuff? 'cause my internet now isn't working 'cause are you sure? I thought I thought Denver had the extra day State. Oh you're right. I fucked up. Yeah. Oh shit. Golden State's tomorrow night. Yeah, tomorrow. Yeah. Ooh. So that'll be interesting considering how hard they went in that one, but, 'cause I think pivoting into the Denver part of it, like once you looked at the schedule like all right, well Denver gets the extra day even though they're both playing on Saturday, that's all. So I went to game four Denver clips and I thought about this a lot 'cause I'm trying not to be hyperbolic and I've been to a lot of good basketball games over the last few years.


It was the best basketball game I've seen in person since game one of the 2018 finals seven years. I did not for the record go to game four of the 2022 finals when Steph had his magical game in Boston that if I had been at that game, that probably would've been the best one I've seen. But game one in the 2018 finals, that was the crazy LeBron game. That was the JR Smith time, the chair Smith, whatever happened at the end of the game and the overtime and LeBron had, that was the incredible LeBron game. These teams played so hard. Illa, it was refereed like a hockey game, like one of those hockey games where it's overtime and the refs don't wanna call a penalty on anybody and people are just fucking nailing each other.


And Jokic was out of his mind. And Denver did the same thing JJ did today. He is basically like, my bench sucks, I'm gonna see if I can try to win this game without bringing my bench in. Jokic played the whole first quarter, the whole third quarter, the whole fourth quarter. And I was sitting with Mike Tollen who I shared my seats with and the Clipper fans were bummed and I was like, there was seven minutes left, they're down like 15. I'm like, I I think they might be able to make a run. He never took any of these dudes out. And you could see Denver, you could see Gordon start to wear down. You could see Murray start to wear down and even Jokic who, you know, he always seems like he's worn down.


Clippers make the big run crowd went crazy and and the ending was like nothing I've ever seen. So it was a spectacular basketball game. What stood out to you That this Clippers team where I really liked their matchups against what Denver has as far as options defensively, they had 65 points to three quarters. So I mean it's a 20 point game and you knew it was gonna keep everybody in because of the extra day and they come all the way back to make it 99. 99. It was 97 96. So that was their first lead. Lead took the missed two, two big shots in the last minute that I think probably win them the game if he makes either of them and he missed them.


I'm probably a little too biased about it just 'cause I thought the Clippers are gonna win this series and now I don't know. 'cause I'd expect Denver at home. I I still think they're winning. I do too. I I felt better about them through the four games than I have Denver. And I think there are some similarities in the way Curry's like okay this is what they did to you last time and this is how they try to double you and these are the things that like I need to avoid and if I have a little bit more of a window, have a quicker trigger here. I thought Yoko had a quicker trigger in this game the quickest of any of the games because I mean it just didn't take enough shots in game three. Yeah, we talked about it at the end of game three going or maybe we talked about it in game two and then I talked about it in game three, whatever. It's the same stuff. But just that to ask him, oh yeah, it was 'cause of the Westbrook pass, right?


Like do you think there was ever any hesitation and you were like, absolutely not. 'cause that's the way he sees the game and he knows in that moment it's the right play. Even if you're like, am I sure I want to do this with Westbrook? I thought, you know, look, he had a million turnovers in game two. He's had some really bad moments for him for the standard that we have for him defensively in the first half. He also, just as an aside, as much as I love watching him play, the fact that he thinks he gets to talk to the ref every fucking time. Every time. And it's not, not as, it's not as nasty as Luca. So Luca's always gonna get more shit. But it is consistent. It is as consistent where he has to check in with those dudes every single time. Which I also think speaks to something that's really funny about this idea that he'll just retire in two years 'cause he likes horses and has an accent.


Anybody that's this competitive No way. Like I just don't know that he's in a hurry. For what? It's so funny you said that. I, I said that yesterday. Watching the game. First of all he was a maniac. He right. So when I see that, I'm like, so this guy Was a maniac in that game. This guy's gonna retire 'cause he's Just over this. There's Way so, but the thing, the stuff he was doing, first of all, he coaches the team. Now remember like Bill Russell was the player coach in the late sixties. I think we've seen LeBron, Well Yoko coaches the nuggets now on the court. He tells people where to go. There was this one moment at the end of a quarter when the clippers were inbounding under the basket and Yoko just goes to the bench and calls for Deandre. Jordan brings him off the bench and puts him under the basket where he wants him to be for the inbound pass.


But he's telling everybody what to do at all times. He's basically making the meals, he's cutting the food for everybody and he is feeding them. And it was, I I was saying last night, it's the highest level I've seen somebody to go to in person since that LeBron 2018 game and the LeBron 2012 game in Boston. Like the stuff that he's doing, how great he is in all these different ways. It's unbelievable. And you always feel like he's gonna make a play. Doesn't matter how you defend him. He if, if you're doubling him, he finds the right guy, he's doing everything. Porter was making threes last night, but it was just awesome to watch and then you think it's gonna be a blowout and then Kauai is like, you know what, fuck it.


And just takes over the game for like six minutes and even did the thing where he takes the steal at mid court from Murray where he does the thing where he's like, I'm gonna take the ball. Is that the ball? I'm just gonna take Jamal. I'm just gonna take the ball from me now. I just took it. It was just awesome. It was such a high level game and it, and I, I can't tell you how physical it was. I don't know how it translated on tv but this was like fucking, this was like game seven hockey, like bodies flying, people ramming into each other, people like, you know, pull, pulling each other backwards and over and it was so fucking good. It was like, these are two really, really, really high level teams. I think either of these teams could, could, could go a couple rounds.


I okay versus OKC. It gets tough for Denver. No bench clippers I think have a better chance. But I will say the Clippers stumbled into one thing. Silla, they went that small lineup, which they'd been hesitant to do with all the shooters 'cause they always had Dun out there, Derek Jones or, but there was always one guy where Denver was like, go ahead, we're gonna give you that one in corner. Well that's been done's role this whole time. Alright, just take, we're just keep firing away. We're good. So finally, finally the clipper said we're gonna put all our shooters out. We're gonna play this weird zone and we're gonna try to fuck you up with it. And it worked and they fucked, they fucked Denver up for three, four minutes and then finally Jokic shifted to try to attack Bogdanovich. He shifted hi. You know he, his fucking computer brain just figured it out.


He's like Exactly what happened. Yeah, I see. And then he goes, he is like right here. I will go to this right spot and this will be how I fuck up the zone. And so it eventually he figured it out. But I think they're gonna have to play that lineup is my point. 'cause they need offense. They can't have done out there just brick and threes. Yeah, when it was 96, 95. That's a 30 to nine run by LA and I'm with you. Like they're, the zone felt like it was fucking him up on the catches a little bit. It's easier to kind of help to him. I think LA's been really consistent that they don't wanna send hard doubles. They wanna send the second defender when he's going into his move. Unless Zbox is gotten the point where he can keep 'em really far away on the catch.


But at 97 a piece like the move that he makes when it looks like it's a little durish in that Dirk was always crazy. The three Twirl. Yeah, the triple twirl, right? Triple has triple axle. And you're Thinking, is this actually gonna be good? Like he's gonna, Is this gonna even gonna be a good look? Forget if it goes in, is this gonna be a good look? And then he makes, I don't know what the hell's going on with his free throws right now, but yeah, look, I mean that's why he is the best player in the world and he figured out a way to do it. They played six guys, sort of Watson played 13 minutes. So they went all in on this one and then they had to play like the full 48 because they blow this 20 point lead. So Right. He thought he could finish the game with like seven minutes left in the fourth quarter and sit those guys.


There was one thing that happened. Pickett comes in in the first quarter and he got stripped in the back court and then he missed a shot and something else happened and they, and you could just see his confidence. It was like watching the ninth grader in the high school game who's like, oh God, this guy's not ready. They pulled him out, they went to timeout and the nuggets were like consoling him on the bench. Like, yoyo, keep your head up. It was like, that's how bad it was. So I think they realized then, all right, we can't play this guy DJ played in the first half and then the other one who played was Watson, but they were basically five guys and somehow avoided f trouble. The other guy who was awesome was Gordon.


He was possessed. He was like going after Kauai. And the, the, the, the big picture thing I saw from them yesterday because I really felt like, I don't know if you agree after game three that that team was ready to go either way and you could have told me they were gonna roll over in game four and maybe get knocked out in five or six and that was it. And it was a fucked up season and they lost our coach in GM and the whole thing and it just, they didn't have it. Or you could have told me, eh, they're actually gonna fight because they won the championship two years ago and they have some real pride. They came out with like real pride. They were like, we're not going down this way. We're, we're throwing haymakers and we're ready to fight you guys to keep this especially Jokic. And that is the difference. And I didn't know they had it in them.


I gotta be honest. Yeah. I don't think it, I thought that it would be, it would be, well look, I, I think anybody that watches Jokic and loves him as much as I would think anybody who's a ball knower and appreciate Yeah. Said ball, you know, it's kind of, you know, we'd already talked about it with Theni stuff is like, can that guy, you know, can you, can he do enough to keep you in a couple of these games? Then who knows what happens the last couple minutes? And I mean, it doesn't really feel like that game was that kind of game because they were up 20 in the whole thing. And I'm totally with you Chacha coming out there and I'm like, what is going on? Pick Pickett felt like I forgot About that. Yeah, he had two minutes, right? Like in every Deandre Jordan minute I'm like, I mean it felt like they were playing three guys going, who else in the playoffs would these guys be playing for?


And I know like there's some hope that picket can be something, but he was just swallowed up, swallowed up and just lost it. Didn't know what, and now if you're on the nuggets, you're like, where are we getting any carryover minutes? The end of the third or start of the fourth? And it's like, we don't have it. We don't have it. We have the extra day and everything will be fine. But you know, this is I think why we yell so loud about Jokic being MVP because I, I'm really surprised considering the options the Clippers have and the options. The Denver Nuggets do not have that. This is a two, two series with Denver going home. And we gotta mention, I mean there's some, I hate to do it, it's the cliche, but the Clippers in the playoffs, like this is just, this is just them.


This series is two two. They blow game one, which we did a pod after that game. We were like, they should have won that game. That was stupid. Then they lose this game at the buzzer. Basically this ties into, they moved here in 1979, they've had nine first round exits, five second round exits and won West finals and that's it. They've never won a series in less than five games. They have a bunch of playoff terrible memories. And what was different yesterday, and Mike and I were sitting there, we were watching Baller at one point in the fourth quarter when they were coming back and it was so loud. I mean it's like, it's a top four atmosphere like that Intuit. I'm telling you, it's top four atmosphere in the league right now.


But the way how the fans are on topic, it's super loud. Like you can really, it affects the game. Can You give us you of the three just for Boston? Definitely historical. MSG, definitely. And I think OKC gets really, really loud. Like to the point that your head hurts. I would say those would be my three golden State used to, I haven't really felt that Chase Center, I don't think that Chase Center probably has it in quite the same way. But we looked over a bomber and it j it honestly looked like he was having an orgasm. He was so, it was just like he spent all this money building this building hoping the Clippers are gonna be good. He goes in on Kauai, that crazy extension you and I never would've allowed him to do. If we were conciliary right, we would've thrown our bodies in front of that keeps hardened.


We would've thrown our bodies in front of that and just had this amazing, amazing playoff game. There's celebrities everywhere. Bob Iger sitting next to Michael Eisner. How about that? Those two guys sharing the tickets. They, they but everywhere And it just, it felt like a Laker game. There was real energy and it was great and it was an awesome, awesome pla basketball game. And we're like, wow, bomber did it, man. This is it. This was like, would've been like the dream to have a playoff game that was as good as this. But Jokic is gonna be the enduring memory for me for that game. He's just so incredible. And we've talked about him all the time. But the, the level he went to in that game yesterday and how competitive he was, you're right.


This guy's playing until he's 40. You can't turn that off. Like he's a psychopath question. He was screaming at everybody. You seem horny tonight. I lo I love basketball this weekend. It was great. It was a until the damn thing was a bummer, but I thought Curry Jokic. Yeah, that makes sense. That Lakers Minnesota game, which we talk about later in the podcast and what, what Ant was able to do against those guys. This is like what a, what an incredible run for the league right now. Don't you think? Like this is one of the best 24 hour stretches the league's had in a while. Yeah. Clay Travis, how about tweet about the ratings?


Get Bobby Burack on that one. Look, I realize group economics wasn't a great Jersey idea either. You know, I just think that the ratings thing, no one's gonna care because they're gonna say we're in the tank for the NBA. But if you look at any neutral conversation about this, the beginning was really bad. It was also going up against the Dodgers and Yankees World series and another presidential election that had some coverage in the nfl. Yeah. And then the NFL and the ratings have been really good and they did some historical stuff the first couple weekends and like, look man, you wanna tell me football's more popular. I concede that. Yeah.


Point taken. Well another thing's happened. They now we are, we're developing some history with some of these guys, right? Like Tatum and Edward, some of the younger guys. It's a little familiarity now Cleveland, maybe we'll get there. People know who SGA is. Casual fans I think know who he is. So The Luko Lake gets in a little better too, too. I mean, but I was, yeah, That's the godsend. I'll admit. When I saw the first weekend playoff numbers and, and where some of that stuff was, I was like holy shit. Like I was, I was surprised and I think there's a lot of rating stuff that you can play some tricks with but I, I just felt like the start of the season, it was turning into this massive victory lap for a bad I, it wasn't even a quarter.


Think the less they can go against football, the better the league's gonna be. And that's the thing they need to figure out how they can shit the schedule a couple weeks here and there just so they can avoid it and that's it. Yeah, but football's gonna do this Christmas thing 'cause it's about family so that's good. That is true for the people who have kids Big family league. So who do you think wins Clippers? Denver. Who would you have? I'm gonna stay at Clippers 'cause I still like their options. I am a little worried about the Harden game that may looming 'cause we haven't really gotten it. He's been really steady. I Thought we were getting it yesterday. Mike and I were complaining because Mike is a Philly fan. So he is like, oh here we go.


Philly Harden. He was like fucking pissed off. And then Harden I thought really was a big part of that comeback and was attacking Christian Brown. And you know, I, I liked the decisions he made. I thought he was competitive. You Know what he is doing a really good job with too is he is, you know, sometimes simple doesn't get any praise 'cause it just doesn't look all that great. But there's just some little stuff that they were doing where they were trying to get Jamal on Kauai. 'cause like Jamal just can't really defend anybody and I think Jamal stat lines look like he'd tell you he's in this. But I would say the eye test of the four games, you feel like there should, there needs to be more, there needs to be more out there, right? Yeah. They're throwing a lot of people at him though. No doubt.


I mean Chris Dunn is that dude and Kristen's a nightmare. That's it. They're playing him even though he can't shoot because of all the other stuff he is doing quarter to quarter. And I Know I talk about this front office, but I just think that they understand it. They all rave about Balmer and everybody knows Ty Lewis really good and Van Gunney gets all sorts of love as well. But you know, they recognize Chris Dunn as somebody that said, you know what, if we have enough scoring around it, like we can live with this non-offensive guy as a perimeter player. Which I think most times when you're trying to figure out who are your five and in this case who's your closing five. It's like, can we, can we survive with somebody that is so defense first. And I think zoo's improvement is a big part of that.


Obviously Kua being healthy and then Norm kind of finding himself again a little bit later in the series. But there was just some really simple stuff they were doing. And it was funny because at that point I was like, oh, Denver screwed. Yeah. They get it to Kauai Murray's in trouble. Jokic does like a Luke Cort double team where he's not doubling Kauai. He's just like, Hey, I'm gonna be the next level of defender that you have to go past. And Gordon ends up watching the whole thing. He loses Derrick Jones Jr. On the baseline. It's like unacceptable. You can't lose him. They lose him on the dunk the whole time. And I'm like, okay, these guys are exhausted or they're just fried right now. So Gordon was dead at the end of that game. Yeah, somehow he had the strength for the AlleyOOP. I thought it was funny too when he and Hardin got into it that they came out of commercial and they were next to each other like minutes later just laughing about the whole thing, right?


Yeah. Oh geez. I had a Chris Dunn point that you'll like 19 2022 Marcus smart 2025 Chris Dunn parallels Without the, I've got this Without the, I've got this. Yeah. He's like, I'd like Marcus Smart with the I've got this pills that is taken. I have another one for you that you're gonna love. You know how, what, what was, what Was the Marcus Smart three that you went to live against the Lakers. I think I remember you just tweeting and be like, if you're wondering, I was not a huge fan of that Marcus Smart three point attempt.


There was so many, so many rough ones. I I think I blocked them all out. You know how Jerry West is the logo? Sure. I think we should call Ben Simmons the half court logo because he sees that thing and he comes to a screeching stop. It's the electric fence like a dog. I thought of that yesterday. I was at the game. I was like, I gotta tell Ello we gotta start calling Simmons the half Court logo. I gotta tell you, I, there's a few things I enjoy, you know, I, as I've aged, I'm like, what do you really makes you happy? You know, like yeah. What, what's a, what's a good day for you? When's the last time worth it? Your peak happiness. Anticipating what Ben Simmons is gonna do and how he's gonna try to get rid of the ball in a way that looks like he's actually playing basketball.


Yeah. When he crosses half court it's so much fucking fun. I love it. Once if they foul him Once I'm addicted to it, If they, if they intentionally foul him once to put him on the line, I think that that'll be it. He'll be on the bench with the NormaTec on his leg from that point on been like, I don't know if I can go calf's kicking up again. He's flying around a little bit defensively. There's He was getting feisty with Jokic. Yeah they, they were going at it. It was impressive. Lemme ask you this, what do you think the line is on FanDuel for the Clipper's nugget series right now? Games five and seven are in Denver. Well when the line came out, I was surprised when we were going through it before the series started, right?


Where Denver was minus one 50 I think for the series and then it switched. Right. Didn't it switch to the Clippers or the favorite before the series even started? Yes. So if it flipped It was minus one 18 for the Clippers started in the series and now it is two two with five and seven in Denver. I'm gonna say it's somewhat similar in the Clipper's favorite still The Clippers are minus 1 64 favorites. Yeah. So the Vegas seems to be aligned up with Vegas Is like how are these guys, how is this two, two is Vegas' thing, the where's are minus 360, Minnesota's minus 500 as we covered before and then in the east all those series are, I gotta be honest with you, I don't, I think that's a heavy number on the Golden State one.


Yeah, because you could see Houston but the problem with Houston is they could just make some shots and all of a sudden it's two Two. Right. Especially if Jimmy doesn't play and Kerr is definitely looking at the bench going, ah, can I get 18 minutes outta Quentin Post? Can Minga gimme like seven minutes right now? Like I don't think he has a handle on the roster would be my guess. I thought's got about five guys that could trust Fighting his ass off out there in the second half Too. Yeah, I'm surprised he hasn't played more and I, I'm actually surprised Jackson Davis hasn't gotten a sniff When Didd they get him, Isn't he on the team?


Still remember two years ago. I remember how played him At all. No, I know he's completely out of the rotation. Couple more quick things for you. Orlando Celtics. Do you think Orlando could be like genuinely good next year? Yeah, I thought they're gonna be pretty good this year. So I would say that if They had Suggs in this series, how many games would it go? They have figured out Boston as much as they can. I mean how, how much as you can figure out Boston while also still losing them and never feeling that they're actually a threat to win series. They won game three because Boston Shot three is 17 but the numbers are the numbers and it's very clear they do the best job of limiting them to the three point line.


And you know, I, I think Stan made a really good point. Was it today? I think it was today. Yeah. 'cause out of a timeout they ran like a really good screen where Derek White came out of the top and caught it. He was like, you know what, what's nice about that? And I'm paraphrasing, but he was like, it was a play they like ran a play, right? 'cause they're so determined to beat you by hunting matchups and yeah we've been over this like when it doesn't look good, you're like man, you guys are kind of predictable and you do the same thing and then it's kind of dribble, dribble, dribble and it's all the shit we talked about last and then you again, they've won an NBA championship. You look at their offensive numbers, they're all really, really good. So, so what can you do here by, by critiquing something that seems to work at a really high level but to do it against Orlando where all the guys are huge.


I wouldn't say Powell's necessarily a good defender. You're trying to hunt him. Franz is really good. Anthony Black is really good. You could probably attack whole Anthony a lot of different places, but there's, it's a good defensive team. So are they getting bossed and be like, sure, cool Switch, do whatever you want. Like but you're not going to beat us up the way other teams like just can't do anything with you because we have a lot of size and we have kind of a defensive first mentality and they've limited of the three point line. So if they had Suggs, I think they'd get two games against Boston. Yeah, I agree. Well there, there's also, there's something they did in the last game that my dad was all fired up about Orlando in the game.


They won, they, they were crashing the boards, right? They ended up with, I'm looking it up, 15 offensive rebounds in game three. And they were sending three, four guys to the boards on every shot. Sometimes four because they weren't worried about the Celtics running off a rebound because the Celtics are so deliberate at this point. They were like, let's use that against them. We don't have to worry about like how the Lakers, they'll send LeBron almost like a wide receiver down the, down the court like for those long Luca passes, Orlando's like, we know you guys aren't gonna do that. You guys wanna walk the ball up so we're just gonna crash the boards. And I thought it was one of the reasons Boston lost the game. They never adjusted to it.


Boston wasn't like playing with any pace. I also think, you know, if you don't think Drew holiday is like massively important to the Celtics, you had to watch these last two games because in these crunch times when he's not out there, you really feel it. Like he, I trust him other than Tatum. I trust him the most on anyone in the Celtics and he's always in the right spots. He's always gonna get one big rebound. He's gonna make one defensive play, he will hit a three in the corner. Like you just know he's gonna do stuff. And I I, I just felt like they really missed him the last two games. But Orlando was a guy short, I think black. Something's there with black. I like what I've seen from him. I think you have him, you have Suggs, you signed Ty Jerome Palo another year.


I think Wendell Carter has shown that in a playoff series he can play with some physicality and some toughness that I think really matters, you know, in some of these seven gamers so that the pieces are there. I could see us going over locks in October with house, right? Like Orlando 49 and a half over, I think this is the year, blah blah blah. It's a, it's a good, they're gonna lose the series but I think it's a good outcome for them. I'd argue the drives from Franz and Paolo are better than the drives from Tatum and Jalen. Hmm. I Don't know what the points per shot is on this stuff, but it just feels, or maybe I'm just more impressed him.


I mean Franz had a drive today where he like drives right on zing of the paint from the side and then he like, yeah I think it was against Pingus. He didn't Believe he's had a couple drives on poor Zingus where he made it look like Pingus was like six two. He's used Pingus height against him. It's been impressive The field goal percentage for Paolo on the drives, like he's fifth in the NBA right now in the playoffs on drives. But I don't think this is actually sort of the new stats here. Maybe I'm getting a little carried away with it. The no Drew part of it, you know, clearly that worked really well against Paolo in game one. You know you missed t him in the other game that they win. So maybe it's like Know the other problem is when you go eight for 32 in every playoff game, you're probably not gonna win a playoff series.


Like Orlando just can't shoot. No. If Kcp could shoot and they had Suggs. I don't always love the Wendell stuff. I know he had some moments there in game three Mm but I think he should be a backup for a team that's good in the playoffs and not your starting five Nick's Detroit. Before we go, any takeaways? Boy, incredible towns game. That's like one of the great towns games in a while and he even capped it off with a dumb foul at the end when he intent he got the fifth foul out of nowhere and I was like, come on towns, you might go to ot, you're gonna have five fos. But I thought he was awesome.


Yeah, he is really responded since the end of game two. Super aggressive coming out in game three and you know, he had eight in the fourth quarter and Brunson had 15 in the fourth quarter. So if you're gonna get those guys scoring, it will, that's gonna be a better option than whatever the one two punches for Detroit. I've been more impressed with Detroit though than I expect just being in these games and fighting through it and having moments where it looks like it's gonna be over. Especially after game one where game one felt like a real lesson. Like, hey, just so you understand there's a level to this and fun little third quarter, but we're gonna put a 2121 nothing stretch on you and close that out and then for them to come back and respond and win game two at that place. So I feel like Detroit's growing up quite a bit in this. I usually think it's one of the most overrated things ever of like, hey, getting in there, get some playoff experience.


A lot of times I'm like, what? And then cost yourself a lottery pick for what? For getting your ass kicked by a higher seat and all this stuff. This, it's One of my stance You're stomp on right now. I I've heard you say it, you said it to me 20 years ago. I I think I Laughed at you. I know we've been arguing about it for two decades. You called into the show in 2003 and I'm like, whatcha are you? I'm like, the seltz can just get in there, get some experience For Brandon Hunter. I think it Is one of your tenants. I normally tell you you're wrong. I think it absolutely applies to this case of Detroit and that's not what you want. You, you don't want a moral victory 'cause you feel like you're really, really close here. The problem is, is that you have to have Dennis match whatever the number two guy is for the Knicks and that's just not gonna happen.


Well it gets worse than that because you, you, you're basically living and dying with Hardaway and Malik Beasley, which is fine in the regular season when you're trying to go like 46 and 36, but you are actually trying to win a playoff game and match baskets. You know, it's, it's, you can feel the talent difference, but towns made, towns made a like a couple 29 footers in this game that swung the game. I thought, I actually thought Detroit probably should have won this game. When you consider the, the timing of the Brunson injury, the fact that it felt like Detroit was pulling away the crowd was crazy. It, I'm sure Detroit's gotta be kicking themselves. And by the way, Cade had a wide open 14 footer at the end.


You know, everybody was talking about whether heart fouled hardware or not in the corner. And by the way, when a game's that physical, you know that I'm, I'm not good with that. Deciding the game when you've let everything go the whole game. Cade had, they got the shot they wanted, Cade was really good all game and got a really nice open 14 footer and he missed it. Yeah, they didn't even run a switch or a screen to try to get into something else. They kind of went early. No, which I, I'm wondering if that's, I'm not criticizing it. I just was surprised like, all right, they'll probably figure out some sort of thing but maybe they were afraid of bringing the second guy in and now Cade's going up against two. That's usually what will be happening is that we don't want to use a screen here even though it's going up against og. 'cause even when they've screened OG off of him, I think just OGs recovery is, has been really, really good in some of the c attempts that I've looked at.


I really like when they use OG to attack C but you don't know what you're gonna get with, with OG all the time offensively. But that's something I think I've liked the times that they've done it and I didn't see a lot of that Today. Would you ever not have OG guard Cade? Yeah, I have so many issues with Tibs in this series and especially the game today and that's the one I just can't, I would just have OG on Cade the entire game. I'm pretty Sure he is the primary assigned. Much Bridge was on him a lot today in that game. There's some stuff Tibs does. Like, I don't understand why Brunson brings the ball up every time. Every other team takes that pressure off the guy when a team's pressuring like just let Bridges bring the ball up, save those miles in those minutes on Brunson and they're just like, yo, just work your ass off.


Bri bringing the ball up against Schroder who's an absolute pest. He is one of the three pests in the league. I don't understand why you're putting the miles on him. You know who else would love that? Play the lineup in the second half with note with with no towns and no Brunson. Tibs. Yeah. Yeah. It's like the one of those guys has to be in the court at all times, period. Like what are you doing? A sar would probably love that idea of Brunson not bringing it up because, and he's just gonna be the number of times Brunson has gotten SAR with his stuff and yeah, today wasn't even bad. I I thought it was hilarious. The game two people were just, you know, again, it's kind of like how much people are really watching or how close they're watching. It's like, man, this Brunson flops a lot. He's out there hunting a lot of stuff like, dude, I'm telling you right now, that's not even close to the worst that we've seen from Brunson.


No. Now he's, he's been on a seven this series. My favorite series ever was Sixers fans having the audacity to complain about Brunson in the playoffs last year. Oh. When had a beat on their team. Right. So this is the deal. Like Sixers fans can't ever bitch about somebody else. Nick's fans can't because of Brunson. Atlanta's been covered, Dame, we're gonna be nice right now. All Rockets fans going forward, grandfathered in for 30 more years. Although I have some Mhar video I may submit to the league and be like, are you gonna let this guy run through someone's spine one day? Yeah. And then give him the end one. Like, what the hell? Emhart is not hunting for fouls. He's, he's trying to cause permanent limb damage to anyone defending him.


Wait, Can we do, can we do the most boring segment you could do in a pod and praise somebody for 30 seconds? I just have To just add this bicker staff's challenge in the first quarter is the single worst challenge of any coach in the playoffs right now. The Challenges are getting worse. Why you do that? I know. Yeah. But see I think some coaches are a bit like state das where they go, I can't win this case. I wanna keep a clean record. Like I think there's some coaches out there going, no, I want at the end of the year to be like, he was 31 in 12 in challenges. What a fucking brilliant coach. It's like, but bicker staff gets so caught up in the emotion of the game. Like I almost think he was like, you know, as much as I'm upset we're down in this series, at least I get to motherfuck these officials for five minutes on the court. Yeah. And feel justified about that playing the corner that in the moment, I'll admit, I know the two minute report said there was contact.


I didn't think it was like the worst thing I've ever seen. That's a non call, which isn't gonna make Detroit fans happy. But anyway, I know you had a point. I wanted to get that bigger staff thing in there because I I, I couldn't, I was like, dude, you're gonna use your challenge right now on an out of bound in the first quarter. I've been kind of blown away by Cade and I know he is, the turnovers are too high in these playoff games. The what he's navigating against those Nicks perimeter guys, the burden that he has, but also like, there's real leadership from him already. And he is pretty young. You know, like there was that Ron Holland moment. Ron Holland had to get mad 'cause you know, it's, it's in the bargaining agreement.


He got mad at somebody and stood over somebody for a second, then Cade came flying in and shoved him out. Like he just has a real wherewithal of what's Happening. We get some rambus Flashbacks. Well, he is, I just think he's, he acts like he's 31 and how old is he? Like he was in the draft three years ago. Yeah, I mean maybe he Is he is 23. I Dunno, 22. Oh, I can't No, He was in last year's draft. He's 23 years old. Yeah, he's 23. So No, No, no, no, no. Ron Holland. Oh, I'm saying Kate Cunningham. Oh. Oh, okay. I'm sorry. Yeah. No, Ron Holland's like 15 years old A man's.


So go ahead. Kate Cunningham is 23 years old and I just think that's the win is you're putting him in this atmosphere with the crowd. He's got a taste of it. I have some ESPN notes. Okay. Maybe don't go to a commercial when Jalen Brown is, or Ja, when Jalen Brunson is leaning against the scorers table, holding his ankle in complete agony and do the, we'll be back after this and then you're gone for four minutes. That's one. Number two, I don't think you need to show Jalen Rose 15 times after you fucking laid him off two years ago. Three minutes before he was about to get up segment and gets a call and says, don't go on get up because you're about to be laid off.


Maybe don't show him over and over again during the game. You motherfuckers aggregate that. I don't care. Well allow me to zag. Doesn't Jalen want to be on tv? Good zag. Maybe there's truth in both sides. Hey, there's Jayla Rose. We completely blindsided him two years ago after he did 15 years of great work for our company. He seems happy. Just classic. Just can't get over that place. I, We avoided two.


It like when Jalen Brunson goes down, tries to stand up, falls back down. I was like, okay, there's one, like I just assumed there's two big ones coming. They're gonna potentially alter the course of history and then Ant goes down today when LeBron rolls up on him like right, it's a football play. He goes the Solomon Hill reverse. It was a totally clean play by LeBron. There's nothing dirty about that whatsoever. It's a playoffs. The guy's diving on the ground. If he doesn't go for it, then it's Cam Newton in the Super Bowl and people are gonna hate on him there. I didn't think there's anything, you have a look in your face that you think it maybe was a little on the, on the edge. I don't, I Thought No, it was, it was exactly the same play as the Solomon Hope play. Right, right. Okay. Alright.


Do you think it was the same play as the Marcus Mark Curry play? I never like when anyone dives at the ball when they're going to somebody's legs, but in that one it, it, that seemed pretty fluky. Ant was putting his foot back to plant right as LeBron was diving. I didn't, I didn't feel like there's any ill intent at all. None. I, I didn't think so either. But when Ant's down, And by the way, we thought he went down in game one and he left and the way he was grabbing his calf, so this is, it's just crazy that we've had two from Ant where you're like, uhoh and then we had one from Brunson where he stood up and then fell back down. It's like, no, but he's actually gonna get 15 on you in the fourth quarter. Do we put a moratorium on the Willis Reed references for like a round one playoff game?


And it's game four. Willis Reed, like one of the greatest moments in the history of the league. And by the way, his hip muscle was completely torn off his body and he got shot up with a horse tranquilizer just to drag his leg around for like two jump shots. I just feel like that should be kind of put in the, in the safe. I Think you're right. As we're not allowed to compare things to that. I would do horse tranquilizers once, but that's it. But that's it. It All right. I think we hit everything 'cause we have the rest of the pod Yeah. With Van that you can hear right after this break on the podcast.


For the YouTube audience, we are gonna say goodbye Illa. Enjoy all the hoops this week. I'll see you now that you're the new Lakers. Diane Cannon. I'll probably see you at the Laker game on, on Tuesday. There's a chance I could be there. Yeah, Yeah. All right. I mean, Ant in person Can't pass it up. Ant LeBron and Luca all in person. Jackson, I've heard of all of those guys. Jackson Hay, Jackson Hayes. Yeah. Getting like No one has a higher usage motherfucking refs and that guy, he, he gets it in in those two and a half minute shifts. Right. He's gotta get it all done. Yeah. Good to see you Silla. See you next week. Thanks.


This episode is brought to you by MICHELOB ULTRA. What do I look forward to every NBA playoffs season? Well, I'm always hoping the Celtics do well. I'm always hoping we have great storylines. Great games, great matchups, great game sevens. I just hope for good basketball. But the NBA playoffs, they're even better with Michelob Belcher, the official beer partner of the nba. Plus they're getting fans closer to the game with a chance to win courtside tickets and more. Enter now at michelob bocher.com/courtside. Michelob belcher's peer access Courtside 2024 to 25 sweepstakes no purchase necessary. Open to US residents. 21 or older ends on July 1st, 2025, multiple entry periods. Visit MICHELOB ULTRA dot com slash superior access slash courtside for free entry. Enter deadlines and official rules, message and data rates may apply void. Where prohibited.


This episode is brought to you by Uber Eats. Summer is almost here and you can now get almost anything you need for your sunny days delivered with Uber Eats. What do we mean by almost? Well, you can't get a well groomed lawn delivered, but you can get chicken Parmesan delivered. A cabana. That's a no. A banana. That's a yes. A nice tan. Sorry. No, but a box fan. Happily yes. A day of sunshine. Nope. A box of fine wines. Yeah, Uber Eats can definitely get you that get almost, almost anything delivered with Uber Eats. Order Now Alcohol and select markets. Product availability may vary by Region C App for details. Details.


This episode is brought to you by vrbo, private Vacation Rentals with vrbo. You can save over $200 on select homes when you stay for a week or more. Say you wanted to go catch a few baseball games in Boston, take some time off work flying to Beantown. Watch the Sox play after that. You can do anything. Go book a VRBO in Cape Cod for a week. The world is your oyster or lobster roll or clam chatter. Really, if it has shells, gills, and is indigenous to the Atlantic, it's your edible metaphor of choice. They're crustacean crazy down there. And guess what? Since you stayed longer than a week, you saved over hundred dollars. You know what that means? More shellfish. I love shellfish. Hope you're not allergic. Next vacation. Stay longer and save. Make it a


All right. We are recording a little after three 30 on Sunday afternoon. We told Van Lathan to come join us and talk draft between the two sets of games. But the Lakers game was so awesome against Minnesota. Minnesota goes up three one that we're just gonna do this now at a sequence. Illa your guy, Anthony Edwards. 43 points, nine rebounds, six assists, 44 minutes. A key cut in the last 15 seconds of the game during a broken play. And they end up beating the Lakers three games to one. There was a lot of high end offensive chess going on there with Edwards. I was really impressed. They're doubling 'em. They're not doubling, they're doubling him again. And he was just kind of figuring it out. I thought that was the best game I've seen him play.


I loved it. I think he's just turning into a star in a way. I think we thought we were seeing it last year, so maybe we're just doing the same thing all over again just a year later. Just love to see him get to the free throw line after 26 field goal attempts in game three and zero free throw attempts, which is fucking impossible. But they found a way to do it. So look, I think it was all about the size part of it. Even though the Lakers five guys they play are big players, it's not like they're small where you're absolutely right. Like I love, I'm still like adrenaline rush after this game because of the chess part of it going, is JJ going to survive playing these five guys, his best five guys? Is he going to survive playing them the entire second half?


And like Luca allows LeBron to coast a bit. LeBron was great tonight. Reeves had a great second half. Rui hit every shot that he had to hit because people were helping off of him. But in the beginning of the fourth quarter and you're watching going, it looks like he can drive on these dudes. Yeah, I was upset. Finch called the timeout to save it before the three minute mark. I'm like, why are you calling a timeout to even give these guys any kind of break? Because I think that's what JJ was hoping. Well, there'll be stoppages. Can I get some energy back in these dudes? And look, it comes down to a make or miss either way. And LeBron made some great defensive plays there, but they're Three. Wait, don't step out all the points. We got a lot of points here. No, I, no, no. I know, I just, I I love this Game. Can we go back to the five guys though though? The JJ ro the dice?


Yeah, Whatever you wanna do. I'm too excited. So take over. No, JJ did the same thing the the Nuggets did yesterday. They're like, our bench sucks Just and we're playing again in ex, we have the extra day off, right? Yeah, we extra day. Can we win this game in the first 42 minutes and maybe stagger the minutes so that the last six minutes don't matter And they go for the kill the same way the nuggets did and yet the Timberwolves hung around, hung around, hung around, hung around. I thought LeBron looked exhausted and yet he made like three of the better defensive plays of of the playoffs Van when you watch, I know you're a Laker fan, you should Mention, yeah, Cool. So you're watching this and they're just not J J's like fuck it. No bench LeBron just run in the corner during some offensive possessions.


Maybe you can grab 20 seconds there. Maybe there'll be a challenge. Are you like, why aren't you playing the bench? Or are you like this is the right move? It felt like this was that it, it was the right move. It just it, to be honest with you, you know, I never get mad at coaches when they tighten up rotations in the playoffs. Everything is so high leverage. You go with the guys that got you there. You, you trust the guys that that got you there. That Was a tight rotation. That's a super tight rotation. It's a super tight rotation. It's tighter than coach. No, no rotation. It really, it wasn't a rotation. There's No Rotation. No. It was rotating. No rotation at all. So I, I never, I never get on coaches when they do that. Particularly jj who is really in an interesting situation as a coach, right?


He gets a team that is, has the bones of a decent team, then he gets Luca, the expectations ratchet through the roof. Now he's in the playoffs against the point that everybody expects him to beat and they are not beating them and they are getting outplayed out hustled. And to be honest with you, kind of out coached as well. Hmm. So the fact that he decided that he was gonna kind of go with the guys that he could trust the most didn't really surprise me. I am really, really impressed with Anthony Edwards though, like ridiculously impressed with his ability to figure the game out on the fly and really be like a dominating figure for, for the temple wolves to, to rally behind.


Yeah, you're watching this, you're going, they can just stay within like five to seven with five minutes left. They have the younger team and the better legs and they have Ant who's gonna be the least tired out of all of these guys. I thought what LeBron did coming off Friday night, Ella, I think you and I saw it the same way that Friday night game was super physical grueling and it almost seemed unfair They had to play like 40 hours later. It just seemed like a bad schedule spot for them. Yeah. Not even, I thought JJ was gonna go the other way and be like, I I gotta play the bench guys more 'cause my guys are gonna be dead from Friday night. It was the opposite. And LeBron, especially the first three quarters, I don't really understand what I'm seeing anymore at age 40 for him on defense.


This is like, he looks like 2013 Miami heat LeBron in some of these moments. But they had those two guys humming in the first half and they're still, what was it? Like a three point game and a halftime. I just don't think they have enough. And at the same time I would not bet against 'em coming back from three one. Do you, are you in the, I think this is too tall of a task for Laker zone or do you think there's a path for them? Well, you know, like after the first game you're, you're thinking, okay, that was really ugly. Like seeing it happen. You go, oh my God. Like they're too big for them. Yeah. Like this is actually like a real problem. And then you're like, yeah, but Na Reed and Jayden McDaniel scored 48 points and nobody missed any shots.


It felt for like, for like a half an hour real time. And then you have the Luca game and game two where like, all right. And now Jayden wasn't very good. So this, this makes a lot of sense. I mean, Jayden wasn't really much tonight. Nas didn't make any shots. So it's not like they got the full compliment game Luca, it's, it's just so hard to doubt him. But you know, look, he, he had the stuff where he kept getting stuck in the trap and I, and I don't know why he would keep doing it other than there was a lot of times it worked. Like it would work out of the trap and LeBron would end up with the ball, then he would make the perfect read and then swing it and just, Rui was so huge in that third quarter. But I do think there's just more moves for Finch. Yeah. Where JJ basically admitted tonight.


Like unless Luca is making insane shots or he and LeBron are taking turns, you know, I don't, I just don't know that they can, they can hang with this team because the same thing happened on Friday where when it mattered it felt like Minnesota had a few more things they felt good about. Even though the number one score to number two is a big drop off. And you know, look, Randall's had a bit of a rebirth here, which is one of the biggest reasons why I think they were motivated to do that cat trade as bad as it looked for so much of the season. It was just, there's gonna be so much pressure on Ant in the playoffs. The secondary option needs to be able to create some stuff on his own with the ball. And I think that was, even though, you know Randall's not exactly like everybody's going, oh my God, they got Randall.


I think that was part of the basketball approach to having him there. And you're seeing it My favorite Randall stretch. I've seen Van probably ever in his career from a two-way standpoint. Yeah, I'd given up this would be a good, it'd be a good website or like where you just track where you like, where it's like, have you given up yet or are you still holding on? I would've just checked the, I've given up box on Randall. I'd love the way he played it. He also seems physically like just not afraid of Luca or LeBron. And I think that's one of the problems for the Wakers in this series is Minnesota has kind of this same kind of size, like just bodies to bang with them. At least make it hard for them. But do, were you ever out on Randall? Where'd you stand? I felt like he had kind of outlived his NBA usage, his usefulness at like a high level playoff level.


I didn't know that we, yeah, I didn't know that we would ever see him being a difference or a difference maker in the playoff series. Again, it just seemed like it was petering out. And when you look at it, the trade looked like it looks now like a trade that worked out for each team. You know, you see Kat and the Knicks have a, have a big win and he's playing really well and Randall has really found a way to fit in with the Timberwolves in a way that I did not think that he would be able to, I thought that he was going to stop the ball. I thought he was gonna clog things for Ant. I thought he was gonna be someone that Ant would get frustrated with. And you did see that at times this year. But once they kind of figured it out and once the, the pace of the game slow down a little bit in the playoffs, you're kind of seeing his usefulness. He really is. He's a athletic guy who can guard a lot of different guys.


Yeah. He's decent in the iso. You can't leave him open. He'll make the shot every now and again. So, and he's tough. Like to S's point, they are a tough team and the Lakers are kind of soft. They're, they're a little Hollywood getting pushed around by these guys. It's Oh, it's depressing to see. Yeah. Wow. Culture thing. Huh? Never. I never thought, I never thought Randall would learn how to not be a ball stopper. I'm still that convinced. Are we sure Priscilla, are we sure that like this is a new chapter of Randall or is this just a a, a phase? No, but I think what you're looking at here is, I don't know, do they, do they promise Jackson Hayes that he gets to start?


Is there some sort of bonus in his contract for playoff starts? Like little league coach's son gets to play short for dinner And I'm not arguing with it. Like, like if you're a Lakers dude and, and you've got a pod or whatever who ever's on TV or you know, like, hey they gonna stick with Jackson Hayes longer? No they don't. Okay. Yeah. Like I think JJ knows what he's doing on this one, but yet they keep rolling him out there to kind of start this whole thing. So really what it comes down to is like Randall's not afraid to take it to LeBron. That was one of the most glaring things in Game one Lies. Yeah. And I went, man, like Randall doesn't give a shit. He's almost excited. He's almost too excited. 'cause then he'll barrel into him and then LeBron will get a call.


So Randall just feels really comfortable because Ann is being, any of the possessions that matter, Ann is doubled. Okay. And sometimes Minnesota, like there's all sorts of things that I love that the Lakers did that I don't like. Like I thought Di Vincenzo was a mess tonight. Rudy. They felt bad that he didn't take any shots, I guess in game three. So they run the first fucking play for him. And guess what? He can't hang onto the basketball. I would challenge anyone. There's no one that plays regular minutes. That is worse with the basketball in his hands. Like a jugs machine. If a jugs machine was hanging out with Rudy, the draft gurus would give that jugs machine a fifth round grade and be like, it's not accurate enough. And you'd be like, that doesn't make sense.


Usually jugs machines are pretty accurate. You're like, they didn't complete a pass all day. And so they still don't know what to do with the Rudy part of this. The elbow in the back of the head, LeBron was just like totally stupid in that moment. But damn, I think Randall just sees the space. 'cause you've gotta still at least show to Nas. You have to show to na, you have to show on Conley even though he doesn't really wanna shoot. And then Jayden. And so I think when there's like two guys and one retreating off of Ant, I think Randall is just salivating at some of this stuff and that's why Yeah, I think he's still a ball stopper, but here I don't think there's as much of a penalty for it. But he's just been over the course of his career, he's just been so bad in the playoffs. Yeah.


He's been so bad in the playoffs where teams have been able to force him to his weak side completely neutralize his scoring. You just did not expect for him to contribute in any meaningful way when the stakes got to their highest. And of course he would do it now that he's skull fucking the Lakers and I have to watch him. Well look, I mean you must have had flashbacks on that foul against Luca because that was, that could have been the game. I mean, you held up, you played defense, there's four left on the shot clock and you foul them. And he was, you know, to his credit, he was upset with himself. Not the call. But then I'm thinking of you Van going, you must have turned to somebody and been like, this is why we got rid of that dude.


You know, because the numbers have always been like, look at his go to basketball reference. You're like, how do you not like this guy? And you're just like, look, there's just a lot of in-between stuff that you've never really liked. So, you know, one Other thing, like, like Reeve's had a bad first half, right? Yeah. But he has a bad first half. You don't, you don't notice there's guys that can be bad and you don't really notice for like an hour when Randall's bad. You just see it, you see it on his face. No. Yes. His body language is bad. You're just constantly aware. It's like this black cloud just goes over his head and Follows him. You know why that, that's such a good point though. It's 'cause he doesn't stop being bad when it's bad. Right? He's like, I got this. You're like, dude, you don't, You don't Like that's, and he, he'll, he'll fuck up three times in a row and then dribble the ball out beyond the three point line call a defender out and just like, he's gonna get in his back.


And I'm like, you watching and you're like, Randall, you're still in your bag, huh? Yeah. Get out your bag for a second, but he'll do it anyway. But it's working. Look, you know what, you know what I was thinking as I was watching this game, I was thinking in years past, this would've been exactly what the NBA wanted. They want Ant in a series with LeBron where young dude beats old guy and becomes heir apparent to the face of the league or whatever it is. They want this. I'm wondering if they want it right now. I don't think that they do. Like, you know, this, this is probably with the, with the Lakers and the Luca thing and everything, I think they probably want the deepest run for the Lakers that they could possibly get. But I mean really all NBA fans should want the coronation of Anthony Edwards and they should want it to, for him to take it from LeBron James.


And the way that the, the Timberwolves are taking it from the Lakers right now. Well The, the bummer is I like watching both of these teams. So, and I feel the same about Nuggets Clippers. I just enjoy all four of those teams and we're gonna lose too. And yet we're gonna probably keep a couple teams. I don't enjoy as much as we headed into round two. The thing with Minnesota, I can't believe these the first round. I mean even if it Golden State that, but we're soler deep. The fact that these are these six teams going at it in the first round. I don't, this is what we're spoiled. Well I was watching today wondering, 'cause Golden State, I don't wanna jinx it, but I think winning that game, stealing that game last night without Butler was such a good sign for them. And I'm sure they're watching a game like today, they have a couple days off and they're in that, all right, if we can somehow get by Houston, who would we rather play?


And I, after that game, I don't even know what I would tell them because Yeah, the Lakers, don't the Lakers have a Bench Lakers? No, it's definitely the Lakers. You think because they know, they know there's no big version of it Because they could just go small ball against 'em the whole time. Right, right. I maybe I'm too influenced by the last time I saw 'em play each other where the Lakers wanted to be small. Yeah. And Golden State was like awesome. You know, like I, whatever, whatever happened in game three, I don't know that I, I feel like I've seen too many minutes where they're just getting beat on by bigger guys. They still may win the game, but I don't know if they're having a blast. Right. While they're doing it. So I, I would think they would be afraid of what Minnesota may be capable, capable of.


I would Think, yeah, the ceiling of Minnesota's higher, but you watch those two guys going at the same time today. Like I don't, I think Minnesota has a better team. I wouldn't count the Lakers out in this series yet. Like you figure they'll win Game five. Van I, I, I looked already, I looked into the future. It's a 65 to 10 free throw advantage in game five. That's the, that's the over under. But then game six, who knows? It's like, you know that those, they've Lakers have had some guys who have been some big games over the years. And then it, you have that fear of like, if we don't take care of this now we gotta go back to LA for game seven. Minnesota I think has a better team though. I, I mean, I'm looking at it, I'm looking at the series and I keep waiting for the Lakers to show that they have an edge over the Timberwolves.


And that moment has not come even in game two where the Lakers get the win. It's one of those wins where you go, oh, we didn't figure very much out in that situation. Like it, the, the, the tails get Yeah, it's a weird Ant game. Yeah. Like we didn't, we didn't figure very much out. And it seems like when the Temple Wolves need to make a play or when they need to batten down the hatches that they have things that they can go to. They have easier ways to get stops and easier ways to get buckets than the Lakers do. And the Lakers seem like they're operating on a real high degree of difficulty with everything that they're trying to do. And it doesn't seem like over the long run they're gonna be able to mount anything that to, to tip the series. The series back.


Yeah. They're, you know, in there, their side. Yeah. They're do they have to double Ant They have to Right. Hope. Whoever their smallest guy isn't getting bullied by Randall or Nare or whatever, there's a lot of things they're hoping don't happen. The T Wolves basically just seem like we just have to make sure Luca doesn't get easy looks. Seems to be a lot of their strategy though. Silla, this stat's interesting. Lakers shot 19 for 47 from three today. Usually if you're around 19, 20 made threes in the NBA the way it is now. Done. That's a win, right? Yeah, it's done 19 out of 20 times. So if I'm the, if I'm J Jam, I'm like, fuck, we played our five out thing. We dumped Jackson Hayes, finally I dump, tried to get away with no bench as much as possible.


We made all our threes. I got a great game from Rui. I got a huge second half from Reeves and we still lost. Now what do I do? And I wouldn't know what to tell him. I Don't think Gabe Vincent here. No I don't. I mean Gabe Vincent flying around. Sure. If you want a little more Goodwin with more sprinkling of Goodwin Goodwin Sprinkles. Yeah, it's Goodwin. Please. What exactly are Goodwin Sprinkles? I think he's really competitive on defense, but he's not a very big player. And so I think he's, look, he kind of got what he needed. He, he got the game from Reeves in the second half. Yeah. He had Rui off of those traps.


Felt like he was doing everything right. They even get a couple threes, I think from Finney Smith. Yeah. They were spacing it out really well. LeBron fucking living at the free throw line. But they were fouling him. I mean, di Vincenzo some of these fouls that this guy will do. It's like, Hey, you're not gonna stop him. Like LeBron was already rid of the basketball. Right. And di Vincenzo follows through. Maybe I'm just annoyed because he argues it so much. And then you go back to the replay like Di Vincenzo is like a high school kid caught in the woods with a beer and he, you know, you're like, the chances of this guy telling the truth right now is zero. Like, it doesn't matter what I ask him, he's just gonna say, Hey dude, it wasn't me. So, you know, I, I think there's always like these interesting three, four minute stretches where maybe somebody could hit some shots or you get some energy.


I think the gamble that JJ had strictly was, can my guys hold up enough physically if I do this to him? Because I don't feel like I'm necessarily bearing some other great options. And I think in a way they still kind of survived it. Even if I felt like off the dribble. You know, like Ant dude, he had a layup at 72, 63 or even for him, he went through four guys. And I thought like even like my expectations of him are so high that he's gonna find a way to stop, turn the corner and get by. He's gonna beat two. He is gonna split double teams. He's gonna get the angle. He's gonna beat you to the spot He went through four dudes. So I thought it was actually gonna be worse with how tired the Lakers guys were.


So maybe, you know, maybe being tired shows up on the inbound pass that LeBron loses in that spot right down three. Which is kind of lost in, in just the melee of all the events that happen to close out this game. That's a good point. An Ant never plays, he always plays fearless, but he does sometimes play passive. And for whatever reason, he's not passive now. Like you've seen him before, the soft double comes out there and he kind of doesn't know what to do with it. You see games where he is too reliant on taking high degree of difficulty threes or high degree of di of difficulty. Long twos. You see that none of that now. And also he's playing mind games with LeBron James.


He's getting into him physically. Like these guys are rallying behind him. It's a big deal series for Ant right now. For Sure. Well that's my favorite thing. International basketball. Yet another person really helped by their experiences abroad. Yeah. But he was doing this like when he was going at Durant being like, I'm whatever the fucking belt you think you had Yeah. Was like, this is mine. The fire is over. And what I appreciate is that he's qualified to do this because he's this special. And so him and LeBron going at it, and then of course he got called for the foul, but granted he was on defense. But you could see that happening. It was really fun. And then they show the replay over and over again.


I think we all enjoy that stuff. Like that for me is, is one of my favorite things about this. And it's not even being disrespectful, I don't think to LeBron. It's that Ant I think collectively, the NBA fans would say, well he can do it. Right. You know, we're, when Jalen Green is doing shit to guys that won four rings last night, I'm like, yeah, Settle down. Yeah. Wait, you Made that key point in the beginning SSC about how he did this last year too. But something feels different. And I think this is what it is. When he was doing, when he made his playoff run last year and he had those 10, 11 games where we were like, shit, those look like Michael Jordan's stats. What's going on here? The other teams weren't treating him yet. Like he's being treated this year.


It was just happening in real time where you're going, man, this guy's kind of amazing. Like what's, and then finally we get to the Dallas series and they're like, all right, we're fucking, this is over. We're now treating him like he's a guy. This playoffs, he's been treated in the, in the Laker series. Like he is at that level. And I think that's to me is the difference, is understanding I am now here, I'm going to be treated this way. Yeah. And the way that he feels like he's on the same level as Luca and 40-year-old LeBron, I feel like they're all peers. I, we wouldn't have said that last year. I didn't feel like he was like Jokic hiss peer last year. He was just having an awesome series, you know what I mean? This year I feel like he's peers with those guys.


Hmm. It ended with a, it ended kind of with a whimper, which kind of like, you know, makes you forget about it a little bit. But I mean at this point, if you're a Lakers fan or if you're a Lakers organization, we're gonna have to go to some desperate measures to, to get him outta here. To get him off of his game. We're probably gonna have to Shannon sharp him, send somebody into the dms, get him off of his game. Never heard that Bird before. That's I'm scared. Would probably would history. Would history prove that that doesn't get off his game? Well, maybe, but it's our only shot now. Okay. We're gonna, because he, he's not gonna stop. So we're probably gonna have to send somebody to him. Get somebody distract him in some kind of way.


It's Los Angeles. There's a lot of people that we can, we can send waves and waves. People. We might not be deep. We might tighten the rotation on the court. But as far as the rotation in Los Angeles of ladies, we can send right to them dms to get an's mind off of the game. Sweet. Deep. We deep maybe, but I mean he is prepared for the double team. We saw that in the fourth quarter. Yeah, Yeah. Yeah. Double, triple team. Maybe a different type of double team. We'll throw at him this time. We'll see. It's the only thing we can do. Can I read you the weirdest stat of this game? Luca Don, 38 points, 45 minutes. One rebound, two assists. That's a low number Bill.


That's a, that's Thomas game. What is happening? And LeBron puts up 12 rebounds, eight assist. Oh my God. Whatever this version of LeBron is, it's just, I talked about it a few days ago. It's this new version he's just created now where he is like a hybrid of nine different versions of him for the past. Yeah. The stuff he is doing on defense. He's just stripping dudes. He's protecting the rim, he's moving his feet on defense and blocking, passing. Like he, he hasn't played defense like this I don't think since 2020. Personally. Am I, am I wrong, Priscilla? Well, There was a stretch at the beginning of the season. I was like, okay, this is like bad. We were saying he was a dage.


Yeah, there was a Denver regular season game where they had him. He was the low man and they just were like, we're gonna run this thing and the off ball guy's gonna dive down and LeBron's just not even gonna bother coming over. And I'm thinking to myself like, you can't possibly, or the fake switch out in the closer. Like after he was supposed to go to contest at the corner, just one of those. He just, he, he'd, he'd like do a thing where he'd go box out a guy that was next to him and then be pointing. It's like, dude, there's no possible way you thought that I was gonna go over the, then he came back and I remember there was a Memphis game where I was like, holy shit. Like what? Like LeBron is completely engaged. It's great. So yeah, this is, I I I think a lot of the really great plays tonight were right at 'em.


You know the Def Vincenzo drive where they come outta attack the time out and you're like Vincenzo one on one against LeBron. The problem is Vincenzo is trying that fucking shot. Yeah. Like that guy's never had anybody one-on-one thinking he's not gonna make it The falling away from the basket. Lefty floater layup. Right. At a guy. It was A high degree of difficulty. I'll give him that. And then Vincenzo on the strip play that got overturned and credit to LeBron and the Laker staff. 'cause LeBron and the assistant looked at each other and they were basically like, yeah, you filed him like this. Make it overturned. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Di Vincenzo gave an a grenade. Like did you see what they did there? Like di Vincenzo ended up getting free and at that point, that might've been the first time I've ever seen that guy without the confidence to go it's double D time.


Right. Because he came Back Ant did a crazy, I just wanna be involved in this place so badly. I'm gonna do a delayed cut behind you. Like a trailer. Yeah, right. Just hoping. Yeah. It was almost like a, like a wide receiver hoping for a lateral. It was like a lateral And he flipped it back to him. You are right about game five. No, I need to jump in here because I need to ask conspiracy bill a question. Oh yeah. Because the first thing I thought of when I was like three, one, I was like this. Well, we're both gonna be there. Yeah, I know. You go to every Laker game Now you the new Diane Cannon. I'm gonna go on Tuesday. Oh wow. Because I love basketball. S's there since they got Luca Rosc is, he's there picture wearing a Savian baseball jacket. He's he's all in. It's funny 'cause I've, I've made it as a cool halftime lounge and then one night I didn't have, I wasn't invited with the high end people.


I was just a commoner. And I hit up, somebody was like, Hey, hey, can I go, can I just make sure I get that? Because if somebody wanted to say hi. Wow. And they were like, are you outta your fucking mind? You're just asking for a bracelet to the cool halftime thing. Yeah. Like, you have to be invited, sir. Hey, I was like, that is, you know, Taylor Sheridan's in there? He wants to talk about 1944 Illa, but that I I believe 1944 Rosc. That's a positive though. Like, what's that? You know? So you know where you stand now. Lemme tell you what I mean, YI have a theory, right? Because they have all these private members clubs in LA Yeah. The question is, who's famous enough just to show up at the Soho House and not being a member and just get let up.


Like Will Smith is probably not a member of the Soho House. Right. But if he shows up there and goes, Hey, I wanna check, This is a bad example. I think, I think anyone can get in the Soho House, whatever. I think I did Bungalow whatever. Like, you, you go there, they'll, they're gonna let you write up. Right? Like Kevin Hart just walks in, they're like, Hey, it's Kevin R come on in. Yeah. What're gonna let you write up Now you know that you're not quite there yet as far as all privileges Ryan. Ow. Face card it's me. Let me up. But that just makes, that's Drive to get there. Get close though. Yeah, you're right There you are right There, Ryan. You're like Ant in the Laker series right now. You're one win away. Yeah. You're, and if they see you in the lounge a couple of more times, you're hanging out with Taylor Sheridan.


It's you, it's Jessica Alba. It's the whole deal By the way, King's game, I think you're in, I think you go to any King's Oilers game, they're just like, boom. Yeah, yeah. Co guitar's brother. He let me in once. He's a huge fan of the pod. You'll know somebody from from the Bay that, you know, just the way it happens. Van, I have a question. This is all really good. Thanks guys. You're welcome. Van, is the league ready for Anthony Edwards to be the face of the league? Hell no. No, no. Not at all. Is there any reason? No, no, no, no, no, no, no. Like he, he's too real for tv. I love him. Have they had Meeting you think they've had meetings about this?


Been like, what happens if this happens? Yeah, they might've tried. He, I he's he's probably my favorite basketball player since Kobe. I I wow. I I'm, I'm telling you, I I love him. I love the real list. I really do too. I I fucking love Him. I love the fact, like I love the fact that even the shit that happens off of the court, which some of it is really fucked up and stupid and like yeah. Just really stupid. But even that, he just doesn't let a, let it bother him. Even when he kind of looks like an asshole or something. He just doesn't let it bother him. He doesn't let it bother him. And there's something to be said for someone who is not hung up on every single single opinion that people have about him on social media.


He is a, a hooper and a dude. I would say something else, but I'm a mixed company. But it, it, it just, I think You could say it. Nah, nah, nah, nah. Just, just, I'm sitting it out And a and a and a and a dude. And so I dig that, you know, it hurts watching 'em do it to the Lakers. But I I like him. I but no, they are not ready for Anthony Edwards to be the guy that they're building their league around. They're not ready yet. Well, I think he's ready because you go through that, think about this gauntlet, Priscilla. If he can finish off the Lakers, he's finishing off LeBron and Luca who are now on the same team, then you would go next round Steph Draymond Warriors and that's before you'd get the Third round Thompson Van Lea.


Yeah. I'm just saying if, if it's a Warriors, you'd be able, you'd be going through two of the league's icons back to back before you even got to the 68 win OKC team that just swept Memphis. That is now 72 and 14 on the season. It's gone. Yeah, but I mean, look, he went and then the Cel or somebody else waiting, he Went to rant Jokic last year, Right? Mm. Yeah. But these are, that they we're now in the icon territory though, especially. Sure. But it's been not a year. And I still can't believe they beat Denver in Denver Game seven the way they did. I Can't, I can't believe that. That to me is still one of like the most unlikely. I think all this stuff's accurate. I I have no pushback or further commentary, but I still have to ask conspiracy bill this question.


Yeah. Because during game two when you were like, the Lakers are gonna be called for a million fouls, they're gonna even the series and I, I think I pushed back on some of that stuff with you and then when as I was watching games like Bill was right, it was right. But the thing, Yeah, everybody had 4,000, like the five minute mark of the third quarter. Right. But more free throw attempts from Minnesota. So you'd have to think that people would love for this series to be two two. They had a chance to just not overturn that call. Is it too obvious with the Skyhawk cam from above? It just, they couldn't, they couldn't Do it. I'm surprised. How did they not cut the feet of the sky camp? Like it's not working.


No. So, nope. I I will say this would be a very tough game for, for Minnesota on Wednesday because also the la like the crowd's good and the crowd, the crowd does affect the refs a little bit. You know, and you have LeBron and Luca who are the two of the better ref workers, you know, as the game goes on Jesus and you combine that with the fans Goes down. That's so funny that you think that. I think Luca's terrible at it. I think he's Annoying though. Is he bad or good at it? He's just so annoying about it And like he's, he's, it it to have to watch like Luca to be a Lakers fan and have Luca come here, the one thing I hate is bitching more than anything I hate bitching.


Mm. Which is crazy 'cause I'm one of the world's leading bitchers, but, but I, I hate it when other people do it. Right. Tremendous Self-awareness though. Man, Whatever. Yeah, I Like it. It it, it is what it's, but I hate it when other people do it. So I, I don't think that Luga Ws works the rest very well. I do think the Lakers will win and then I think they will be smacked in game six. I don't think game six will be very close. Well, I'll tell you this. You want gimme You wanna gimme guess the line Bill? You wanna guess the line? Oh, I haven't looked yet. I would say Lakers by two and a half for game five Minus Two and a half minus two and a half Lakers. It's minus five and a half. It's the same line as game two. Oh wow. Yeah. Interesting.


So they're with you like it feels, But that's three days from now, right? It's Wednesday night. I know, but I saw, like, I just felt like with the matchup, if you could get five and a half of Minnesota you had to do it. But then history's also told us that the game won Home Loser wins game two. I think leading up to last time I said it, the team that lost home game one was 19 and four in game twos and won 15 and 19 by double digits. I don't know what the game five down three one history is for a team that's still, what do you think The series line is? Did you look because I just slipped. No I didn't. T wolves are minus 500 Lakers are plus 3 85. Ooh. Wow. You, you sound like you have way more Lakers hope in you than I, than I imagined.


Yeah, I wouldn't say it's hope. I just think when you have two guys that can put up points like that, I think it's different. Like if Orlando were taping this as a Celtics game, is that like if Orlando goes down three one, like they can't score, they have real issues. Like it'd be really hard to put together three wins. I think it's a little similar to what had to happen for them in 2016 when they had LeBron and Kyrie. They fell down three one, the league did the ridiculous technical on Draymond that ends up getting him suspended, which is still the worst thing, the worst league decision of this century. But then those guys just went off the next two games. Remember LeBron and Kyrie. And that would be my fear if I'm Minnesota. Like how do we make sure those guys don't combine for 80 points? And LeBron I guess is just not gonna get tired at all during this playoffs.


It's, it's, you can't count on like, oh, he is old tho. This would be an old legs game for him. He's just not, not having them. So let's, let's take a quick break and then we'll talk about the draft.


This episode is brought to you by Ultra running. Every pair of Ultra shoes has a roomy toe box and zero to low drop, which lets your toes spread and keeps your foot in a more natural position. All in the name of comfort and performance with a variety of styles. There's a shoe for everyone. It's comfort. You have to feel to believe. Try Ultra for yourself with a free 30 day trial and free shipping@ultrarunning.com.


This episode is brought to you by cars.com. Whether you're buying your first set of wheels upgrade and to fit your growing family or looking for something to have a little fun with on the weekends, visit cars.com and explore the possibilities. Up to 50,000 cars are added daily. So wherever life takes you, there's a car for it. On cars.com, find your next possibility on cars.com. Where to next?


The draft Illa was just in his house yesterday with the MHA crew breaking it down for two hours. Sanders dropping all the way down to the Browns, hijacked the draft in a lot of ways it hijacked, it hijacked my text with Van Lathan. Yeah, for sure. It, it ended up in a really, really weird goofy place where Cleveland passes on him it felt like 20 times and then finally took them and they cut to the war room. And nobody in the war room seemed like remotely excited about it. So it almost made you wonder if it was an owner decision. But I wait, Instead Of talking about the, oh, how could this happen, blah, blah, blah.


Like there's a bigger picture question of when this happens, why does it happen? So you have some thoughts, fan. You mean the Shado Sanders situation? Yeah, I mean When, when somebody drops like this and it's all for the, there's the sports talk reasons for it and then there's the actual reasons. So let's have the conversation. So I had a guy, very high up football guy hit me and when he heard me on your pod the last time after day one, and it, it was interesting the way he put it. I'm gonna read this. He goes on Shadur, he's never been graded that high by the scouts, which is something that I don't think a lot of people are paying that much attention to. When you hear about Shado Sanders, you're about media assessments.


He goes, he was the creation of the media, but mostly a creation of the machine built in Boulder. Then you have to ask yourself with the organization, do you wanna deal with his father criticizing your staff every week from his CU press conference? If your backup and, and if you're the, if you're, if he's the backup and your starter has a bad week, do you wanna have to respond to what's being said a thousand miles away? It's a lot of baggage that's surrounding an average player. So I think people are trying to make it either or they're trying to make it a completely cultural thing or a completely football thing. When really what I'm hearing from people that are involved in the NFL, that it's a combination of the two that if Shado Sanders were more of a can't miss prospect, then you probably wouldn't have be having a lot of the conversations around him that you're having.


But if he's just average or just good, I mean not transcendent, just average are just good. Then the things that come along with it and we can't act like that. There's not gonna be more scrutiny, scrutiny with drafting him there. There just is fair enough, hu Hullabaloo Hullabaloo and a lot of people, it scared them off. And so look, I think there are a lot of people that are gonna take what happened with Shado and they're gonna use it for their own interests, whatever agenda that they have. I think that Shado Sanders is a much better quarterback than a fifth round quarterback. But also, I'm not an NFL Scout. I'm a guy that watched him in college and I'm starting to realize that a lot of these guys don't care about that.


They really don't care about your college tape. The assessment that they do of you starts, it's partly because of what you did in college, but then it's really the measurables and the stuff that they get and all different types of things that they're watching beyond that. So I don't know that's, we're gonna have a lot of conversations about this, but I, I, I think there's a lot of stuff going on. That's my guy, will Campbell, who you told me, dominated everybody for the entire time he was at OSU and then did the measurements and he, his arms were an inch short. So then it's like, I don't know, he might be a guard, but you told me nobody got by him ever at LSU. He was the best PLA pass blocker I've seen at LSU in years maybe ever.


In terms of just a guy that just, I mean we, we didn't run the ball that well. I mean we had some problems in the interior line and all of that stuff, but Will went up against the most athletic determined pass rushers in the country when you talk about SEC pass rushers and they just simply couldn't get around him, couldn't get to his quarterback. But when they came out, they looked at the measurables and they were like, oh my God, maybe have to, we have to move this guy around. So, you know, I know well Like when Illa and I talk, we do, we love the NBA draft stuff. We did the redrafts and it's so fun to see like why, how teams miss on guys, right? Like Brunson was somebody we all liked in college and then he goes through the process and it's like, yeah, he's too short. What is he, is he two guard? And then he falls to like 32 and it seems stupid with Sanders.


He's clearly not a fifth round pick. But I do understand like, here's an example like Jacksonville, right? Jacksonville's not very good. They took Hanta already who we played with. They have Lawrence who were not positive. Lawrence is ever gonna make it as like a real guy who's gonna win playoff games. And we get to the fourth round with Jacksonville, it's like, this seems like a logical candidate to be like, you know what? Fuck it. We're gonna take Shado Sanders, let's see, and we'll have, but here's why can't you do that for Jacksonville? Because the moment you do that, everybody's like, oh man, uhoh, could he take Lawrence's job? And then the moment Lawrence has three picks in week two, then it becomes should shado play?


Should he get a shot? And Priscilla, I just don't think, I think there's like 20 teams that are just like, we don't wanna deal with this. We don't wanna deal with all the, should he play, should he not play? We'd rather just take this other guy. And unless you're a first rounder who you feel like needs a little seasoning, for the most part, NFL coaching staffs want backup quarterbacks to be seen and not heard. And this has never been a sport that wants free thinkers. Like the early Belichick stuff was great because he just immediately had Brady brainwashed and then everybody kind of followed the lead and then Bruce Key was like totally into it. And it was just like, you not, he didn't come to Foxborough to be a free thinker, ask why. It's like, this is what we're gonna do and go ahead and execute it.


So it's like the army, the shado, the Shado tape. I'll tell you what, this is a lesson in just the group think when it comes to mock drafts, like I've gotten the speech years and years ago from an N-B-A-G-M just going, the drafts would be so different. And he obviously an NBA GM because draft would be so different if there were no mocks. He's like, but eventually you start like letting the mock break your own tie because you're like, well if I do this every and I get it wrong, everybody's gonna think I'm stupid. But if I take this guy, like, it is kind of crazy too. Like you'll see somebody who's projected to go 13th in the first round of the NFL or NBA and then if he goes eighth, it's like, holy shit, are those guys dumb? Yeah. You know, and it's just, I mean, Especially the NFL side of it, it's like, like, I don't know, like it's that big of a reach.


'cause I took a guy six spots higher than all the stuff that you keep reading over and over again. Where the other thing that happens with all these mocks is everybody kind of ends up just looking at everybody else's and goes, I don't wanna seem like a complete wild card with all this. However, having said that, I've never seen him like this. Right? Belichick Belichick Was the only one. It's like, I like Cole Strange, he didn't look at a singleback. I just Like that we're not, we're not gonna talk about that. Right? I, I think this is the most dramatic thing that I've ever seen from this. But after the combine, two teams that have high picks that you could argue could have been in on a quarterback, met with Shado and they were like, absolutely not. We've heard the giant story with Brian Abel and him getting into it. So look, if he was Special, okay, if he truly was special, but the mocks had us believing he was special.


The mocks had probably him believing he was special. His father had him believing he was special, which was really nice. His dad was there to support me the entire time. But it feels like he went into this, he went into this thinking like, I don't have to say shit to you guys. And these guys looked at the film saying, your film is like average and Now you come in here with this entitlement, like it's just not gonna work. Like, that's just not the way an NFL locker room would ever, they would never sign up for something for somebody that they think is fairly replaceable. May never even be, I mean, look, there's plenty of first rounders that are gonna completely whiff. So I feel bad in the sense that I don't, you know, again, I don't, he shouldn't have been a fifth rounder, so I could be really mean about this and say, Hey, he brought it all on himself.


I think it also proves that Dion has zero relationships with decision makers in the NFL. No agent. Hey, we're doing it our way. It's gonna be non-traditional. I don't know if the league decided to punish him for it. I think a lot of people just said, Hey, I don't, I don't know that I want this. I don't know that I want this in my QB room if he's not really, really special. And I think everybody kind of agreed on that without it being collusion. Yeah, I think Dion is beloved by the media and rightly so. He's been a, a major star for the last 30 plus years as far as the football culture decision maker guys. I don't know if that, those relationships and sort of how he's revered, if that carries on there, I think that we're probably all seeing that.


Now, I will say this though. I remember back when, when, when we was, we was on the bus one time and this girl had tried to holler at this guy. We was in high school and he didn't like her. And then he went around to everybody in school being like, Hey man, TCH tried to holler at me, TCH tried to holler at me, t tried to holler at me. And after a while we, we started asking them like, why are you telling all of us that she tried to holler at you? Like, why, why is it getting around the whole school that you don't like her? There should, the thing that I was struck by with Sha Sanders, with Shadur Sanders is the amount of negative experiences and highlighting every single negative thing that was wrong with him, got to a fever pitch in a way that I don't remember seeing.


And I think the question is like, why is that happening? Was that happening because Sha Sanders was such a notable and forward facing athlete. Was that backlash from all of, you know, the rapping and the, the, the, the the the chains and all of that stuff? Was that a referendum on Dion? But it did turn negative in a way to where we're hearing, well, I looked up all of the old interviews, the interview stories that we've heard of. And typically when we hear interview stories from the draft, we've heard about bad interviews. But when we hear about bad interviews, we normally hear about bad questions from, from franchises. We hear about somebody asking you if you're gay or somebody asking you about something with your mom or somebody asking you that We don't hear really about how a prospect with an interview as much as we've heard about this bad interview with the Giants, and I can't put my head around why that is either.


That's people saying that, okay, he's a fifth round talent or, or a second or third round talent and he did terrible in this interview. Let's, let's let us explain, let us quell the outrage and explain why he's not being drafted. Or there was some kind of hate for the kid that in some way they didn't have for other prospects based upon something outside of his control other than, you know how he, he acts and carries himself. So, But you also have probably 10, 11 teams total are gonna be in the pool to take him. And then individually each team talked themselves outta him for whatever reason. The most surprising be in Pittsburgh. But I do wonder is a piece of this you draft, like you have the coach is one of the people in the decision making room in every room, right?


You know, if you draft him, I, I think was one of the reports, I think Schefter said this, so he reported like there's a coach that would be worried that the moment you bring this guy in, it's gonna be just nonstop. Dion's gonna replace, he's gonna be the next coach, he's gonna coach his kid. And I do, we know that coaches can sabotage this sit shit in subtle ways, but Racc the only bad interview. We've heard some bad interview stories with the NBA stuff. The only one I remember hearing was the Lalo one. When, when, when team, the teams thought he tanked the interview. Yeah. Because he wanted to go somewhere else that, other than that I don't, do you remember many interview stuff with the NBA teams? Yeah, I do. Like, I don't know, just pick a name out of a hat or, 'cause I go to the combine.


Like I'd heard Jake Lavia wasn't the greatest hang in a meeting. All right. Went in the first round. Guess what? Nobody gives a shit about Jake Lavias sit down with a team. 'cause it's Jake Lavia, right? It's Shado. And so I understand Dan your point, like we talked about this at such a level that it felt uncommon. But I do think if you're on it every year, like I'll hear from MHA over the years and be like, Hey, what happened to that guy? And be like, oh, he sucked. He sucked in his interview. He sucked on the whiteboard. Like he was totally lost. I don't know that anybody ever cared enough for us to talk about it as much as we are with Chador because, you know, it's, it's, I don't know.


Like, I wanna ask you this question. I I kind of wanna ask you this question 'cause I know that like, we'll see what happens Monday on the TV shows and everything, but race became a topic with this thing certainly. And I get, and I always feel like, all right, when I see the guys arguing that it isn't about race, a lot of times that guys, the guys have seen it doing it, I'm like, oh shit, I don't wanna be like aligned with that guy. But if there's one field that I feel pretty comfortable talking about, it's sports, right? I think that NBA and NFL decision makers are probably the most forward thinking of like, Hey, if you can play and you can help my team, like this is how I'm gonna evaluate you. Yeah. So I'd ask, is there, is there ever a chance that with Shado it can be about Shado and not about a race?


So, okay, so a lot of people say race and they mean culture, right? Yeah. I mean, correct me where I need to be, correct? No, no, No, no. I'm not talking. No, I'm not talking about you. So a lot of people say race and they mean culture, right? It would be, it would be silly to look at the draft after a quarter. A black quarterback went number one and went NFL owners are, they don't wanna draft black players, right? That's not the, but there is a thought that there is a specific type of black player or black man that is a specific affront to power structures.


And that's someone who doesn't walk in and isn't artificially humble, who doesn't walk in and doesn't mute himself, is big in a room and is lighting up a room and knows that he has it. That there's a specific feeling from some people that that guy has to be broken down and cut down the peg, right? It's interesting, when I, when I was listening, when I was watching Shadur Sanders, I was thinking about Adrian Broner. And a lot of people aren't gonna be able to make this, this connection. Oh, Adrian Broner is a legitimate four weight world champion, like a legitimate boxing achiever. However, in order for him to carry the type of bravado that he did with him, he would've had to have been perfect.


If you're gonna be floored or if you're gonna be Ali or if you're gonna be Dionne Sanders, you can almost never lose. You have to be perfect. Because if you are not perfect and you have that type of confidence and that type of bravado and that type of oomph with you, then they will cut you down. And so when people are saying race, they're talking about black man, they're saying black man, but they're not really talking about black men. They're talking about one specific type of black man. And it's the type that they seem to always wanna go at when they're trying to make an example of someone. Now I'm not necessarily saying that that's what's happening with Shado Sanders, but there's an uncomfortability and attention there because of what we've seen happen to athletes like this in the past.


Now if you got the goods, it don't matter, right? Because all of the guys I was just talking about, Dion, Ali, whomever you want to name, right? If you got the goods, it don't matter. But it does kind of seem like sometimes they want you to, if you're black, they want you to be great, they want you to be amazing, but they don't want you to put it in their face. You know what I mean? But once again, But how much, how much of that has to do with the position he plays and what people seem to expect from the quarterback position when you're talking about leadership, commit, charisma, calming force guy who lifts up your teammates and they're looking at him and it's like, if this guy's gonna carry himself a certain way but doesn't have the talent to back it up, it's almost like counterproductive.


The second part is, the second part is the entire part of it, right? Because, you know, I'm a huge LSU fan. Nobody had more swagger than my vanilla champion Joe Burrow. Nobody had more swagger. We smoking cigars. Yeah, weed this, we flipping the ball, we boom, boom, boom, boom. The whole thing. By the Way, saw, saw him at the Lakers game in person. Beautiful, Stunning. But we also threw 60 touchdowns, right? We threw 60 touchdowns, we won the Heisman, we got to the league. We, I know I've never met the dude. We, he took a team to the Super Bowl. I like we, I'm I'm pro we, Right? So, so that's the whole deal. So there's two parts of it.


The first part of it, I think a lot of people, two people, the conversation is this, is he good enough to comport himself in the way that he does? That's the first question. The second question is, does he have to be, can he just be confident about himself? Can he just be happy to be Shado Sanders? Can he just be, he ain't never been in no trouble. He ain't never, does he have to be as excellent as people would want him to be in order to, to be as big as he wants to be? You know what it reminds me of a little bit? I'm gonna do something really dangerous. I'm gonna do use a cross-racial comparison. Oh Jesus, This I'm a veteran. Here we go. Are you ready?


Say Marshall Henderson, are you? Oh shit, Ole Miss. See I wasn't gonna do, that's that What I'm talking about. Do you know this? Do you know, do you know that guy personally? No, no. I'm, I'm Bill, do you know who he's talking about? I know the name. I don't know the, I didn't get the Reference. Oh Bill, that was my favorite white for many years. What did do you right bro, for Ole Miss had a, see, see, see for Ole Miss had like a checkered story had been to a JUCO or whatever, whatever. Or been to a different school, just used to come to old, well shoot 39% but score like, but but score like 35 and flip off everybody in the crowd.


I loved that guy. I can't believe you just pulled that name. I was, I was gonna say Adam Morrison, here's why. Okay. Because he had that really fun college season that everybody enjoyed. Then he flamed out in the, in the, in the tournament and he cried on the court and it became a thing. And then it was, he became one of the most polarizing prospects in a while. And some people were like, that guy's not athletic enough to be a starting small forward in the NBA and be able to score. And other people were like, you gotta look at his history, look at the college, look at all the stuff, the big game and all the carrying a team, all the same stuff. And then Charlotte ended up taking him third like they bought into it and he was a bust.


But it's the same kind of thing where the fans are seeing one thing because they're like, no, no, no, no he did this and I watched this game in Gonzaga. We had 38, which is a little like watching Colorado on a Saturday night and be like, no, no, that game, the 53 52 game. And he was awesome. And then all the diehard NFL people were like, he doesn't have it. It's barely a starter. Best case scenario. Teddy Bridgewater, maybe Andy Dalton. And it just didn't jive with what I think the general public saw. Right? Am I crazy? Yeah, I I think the public I think almost feels like it was the public. Was it the media? Was it also the Sanders family? Like did everybody On peace fall Into some trap of like, you know, look, I still don't think he should have been a Fitz rounder.


I don't think he should have gone behind row. I definitely don't think he should have gone behind Dylan Gabriel. How about The 26-year-old? He went behind that guy Taylor show. Tyler sch. Yeah. Tyler show. Yeah. So to The Saints. Yeah. I don't know. Some of the football guys really liked shuck so much during the, the pre-draft process. You know, I had Quincy Avery on who works with all these guys. Yeah. At a really young age. And man, Quincy like nailed this Dude. Quincy came on the pod was like, hey, if his name was Shado Williams, he's a six rounder. And even I was like, dude, you know, and I've known Quincy a long time and respect the hell out. But like I got done with that pod and I was like, he hates, he fucking hates that dude. Like that's what I was thinking.


I don't know that anybody nailed it the way he did. Maybe there were other people I didn't, Delaney Walker had it pretty good too. Yeah, Yeah, he did too. He did too. Yeah. Yeah. Right. Titans tight end there. So I guess, you know what I, I would say, and like sometimes I feel like it should be good news that it may have just been a football evaluation. Like what if it was just about his football tape and what if in his job interviews he just didn't do a very good job. Like, wouldn't that be better news if that's what it was. And then sometimes I, I just like, I see some of the comps like, oh, Eli Manning, it's like, yeah, I don't know, arch called his shot and he got away with it and Eli was this consensus number one fucking Dick.


Right? Everybody thought he was good. There's, There's no, no one can compare Eli the prospect to, even if the mock screwed up the Shado thing And Colin Howard, our friend Colin who had the, what was the Pittsburgh trade? TJ Watt. Whoa. I don't, somebody else don't see to our guy, He's the best. Simmons LA Yeah, that was a bad one. It's okay. LeBron. It's okay. Hey Ben Simmons is Here. Be nice To my guy. I love him. I him, I love him. So this is what I'll say f first of all, I'm one of those weird people that talking about this stuff just doesn't make me angry, right? Because even if it's not the thing or if it is the thing, it, it doesn't hurt us or there's no skin off our neck from just talking about it, right?


Like investigating the culture, investigating the things that might be undergirding these topics, whatever. Just don't be so precious about it. Talk about it whether it is or whether it's not. I think we're probably learning in a real way that the NFL minds just weren't as high on Shado Sanders as a football player as the rest of us were. And and that's a real thing, right? That's a, that that can't be denied. I think that's the one part of this that cannot be debated. It doesn't mean it's the only part of it, but it feels like a pretty significant part of it. One, can I add one piece to that? It doesn't seem like anybody thought he was a definite starting quarterback because we know this because the Steelers who literally don't have a quarterback were like, yeah, even we don't think he's a quarterback.


But it also seems like teams were a little worried that he'd be a good backup. Which is the whole point. If you're taking a quarterback, you want somebody who can be the backup. He's in the room. Maybe he can play, maybe he has the upside to be a starter, but he's just gonna be able to fit in. And as SLO said earlier, you don't really wanna hear from this guy that much. It's gonna be on the bench with the headset, tell him what's to play. And obviously teams felt like even that seemed like a tall task for him. Cleveland ends up taking him. They have the weirdest quarterback room I think in the history of football. I dunno if you've seen the list. Yeah. It's like, it's just bonkers. But really the circus is only beginning because now outta him and Dylan Gabriel.


Yeah. I mean one of those guys isn't gonna make the team, you know what I mean? Like, well like it, it's one of those guys might be go go to the practice squad and if He, I would say Kenny Pickett maybe. I hope he is renting an apartment would be my guess. Well they can IR Deshaun don't buy so they can carry the fourth one because I think, right? I guess so. Yeah. Yeah. And I look, I'm not trying to correct you, I I'm playing out all the different stairs. No, I get it. Because you could be right, you know. Right. But there, I think there's some creative math there because I think the Deshaun part of it is to try to get the insurance money, you know, have IR out for the year and then that way the policy covers some contract can of The contract. We talk about the most important story of the weekend though. The Patriots fucking nailing a draft and get an A plus on Bleacher Report. We got an A plus. Is this the only time you've ever liked Bleacher Report?


This is the only time I've, I've, I've liked a Patriots draft I think this century where I've just felt we didn't do one thing that made me go, wait, what happened? Why did we even Van was like every time we took an OSU guy van was like, I love that guy. That's my guy. Well we have, we have, well first of all, I'm, by the way people think I'm a homer, I'm very honest when it comes to the LSU players That don't Yeah know. That's you were excited about Each guy we took made me more excited. The only guy you, you guys missed on Mason Taylor, he ends up going to the Jets. I know, I think he's gonna be a, I think he's gonna be a Jason Whitten type security blanket for a quarterback. I think he was on the list. I, the OSU running back fellow with 38. I think they didn't even interview him, they just took him. But I'm shocked and I hadn't been following it as much because once again, I'm a college ball lover.


That's another thing about Shado. I'll just say this before I get, like, I watched him get annihilated killed. Not, not miss games. Could be because of injuries. Tough, tough, Right, Right. Make throws stand in there, stare defensive. Yeah, defensive down and just make plays and make throws. And I'm like, that's what you want out of a qb. I've also watched some like the 98 yard drive to tie the game with the two minute drill. Just that's what you want in a, in a qb. And I guess, you know, I wasn't seeing the ball rotation right or whatever. But Braden Swenson from LSU just run an edge. Rusher. Yeah.


Eight and a half Sacks a legit hell raiser you guys get him in the fifth round. I have no idea how Braden Swen fell to the fifth round. We got a long snapper and a kicker. I, I'm, my dad was like, I talked to him this morning and usually the first 50 minutes would be like, I don't know what happened in the second round, why we took that guy there who's coming off the tour, ACL or whatever. He was delighted. What was the, what was the biggest shock for you Risso in the, in the draft in general? Was there any, anything that stupefied you? No, I just wanna stay on Swen here for a second because he or whit weeks for the two best players on that defense all year long. Absolutely. I mean SW guys consistent edge pressure of the Edge guys.


'cause Whit plays in the middle. Braden just even as the season went on, it just got better and better and better. So I don't know if it's 'cause he is older. I don't know. He didn't run a 40, we were trying to figure it out the other day when we were doing the live show. He may not like normally, hey I don't wanna run a four year. They couldn't figure out why he hadn't won. I, I know there's probably some other part of it that I'm missing. But again, fifth round just seemed crazy. But it's also probably the deepest position in the entire draft. I mean low, there's guys going to the third round. Yeah, I love this draft. Kind of like from the beginning of the second round on of just how many dudes in the second round where I'm like, I love that guy. That's another guy that I love. I ton Of running backs like third, fourth round range.


Right. It's really Deep in certain spots. I know I still don't really care. Like I know everybody's on this running back thing because Gente goes as high as he did 'cause of Saquon, just did what he did for the Eagles. But I think he'd be making a huge mistake now deciding to prioritize all this stuff. So yes, I agree with my friend Van here. Trevor on Henderson you probably thought was gonna be a top 10 pick after hell. Yeah, freshman year. After freshman year. You Were like after, after you first, yeah. Like you were like Who is this dude? Because her street was putting a little extra on his name in the beginning. Yeah. 'cause he knew the deal of how special he was when he showed up to Columbus. And I can always, I think I have, I speak pretty fluent Herb Street 'cause I've been listening to him for so long and you know, all the years traveling with those guys as well and he just was like in awe of him.


Yeah. And then Judkins comes in this year and I actually felt like even though Judkins had the flash, like Trevion was, was still the dude in a way. Even if the momentum, you know, dumped off that a little bit. But I love Mason Taylor and I know it sounds like it's just two LSU fans going at it here. Yeah, Taylor, they went away from him at LSU because they had NFL wide receivers all over the place. Yeah. And he is not only fast and huge, he's a fucking baller. Okay. Yeah. And when he needed to fight and compete and all that kind of stuff, like I didn't have to question any that. I think if he had been somewhere that didn't have as much wide receiver talent, he was like their desperate third down option. I don't know that there's ever version of Mason Taylor lasting to the second round, but the tight end class was loaded.


I just kind of wish he was, I wish he was Drake Mace's target for you. 'cause I don't, I Think he was the backup of Henderson wasn't there, to be honest. I think that was they wanted to get Weapon Weapon. They weren't gonna take a wide receiver. No. I mean he went like what, four picks later, three picks later. It Was, was the Vic a mutual? It was a mutual Decision. I give Henderson a lot of credit though. I give Henderson a lot of credit because I give Henderson a lot of credit because he, the, when they brought in Quin, Quin, Sean Jenkins to split carries with him, I was like, Jesus Christ. What kind of bell? Kyle bellwether back like once another guy. And Jenkins had had some injury problems at Ole Miss and it wasn't quite, but he, everyone that had watched him in the SEC knew that he could flat out play.


Yeah. But Henderson handled it really, really well. Never complained. He was Probably psyched he didn't have the extra miles going on him before he went to the NF. I know, but I'd be delighted. It might've cost him in draft capital though, right? Because yeah, the guy had had such an amazing freshman season that if he sticks around a little bit longer and continues to put those numbers up, then, you know, maybe he's a, a a a high or mid first rounder. You know, We, we have to wrap up 'cause I wanna watch the Celtics game. 'cause right now it's 4 43. But I have to ask you guys this. Should I be worried about Belichick in this girlfriend? I'm not. I'm doing, I'm opening my show. Love. I don't even care. It's the NBA playoffs Draft recap. I'm starting my Tuesday show. I've got 15 minutes on this.


Oh, okay. This is unbelievable. No, no, but go ahead, gimme your thoughts. Well, I, I mean, for me, Belichick's like a family member, you know, it's like, he's like my uncle. He's like, he's just part of the fam and I feel, feel I, I'm like, this woman is so crazy. Like, I, I, I I just scared for him. I wanna talk about your timeline with Belichick because, and I'm sorry to interrupt, but after that Apple doc, you've never been closer with Belichick. You've gone on the offensive indef defense of him. It made me mad. I've noticed it. I know there's a real tone outta you. I really appreciate him. Yeah. Listen. And he, did he frustrate me during the draft? Sure. Was he a barrel lobster in the press conferences? Not really. No. Did we win six Super Bowls?


Were we awesome for 20 years? Yeah. I love Belichick. Right? And I'm, I'm worried about 'em. Okay. Give us your worries. Give us your concerns because I'm sagging. Well, Oh, you're Zack. Lemme hear the Zack before I get my concerns. Okay. Yeah. The things that that young woman Must be doing to build Belichick. You guys are worried about him. I'm Happy for curling toes. Like I'm happy for him. Belichick got ready. It's Bill Fucking Belichick. It's Darth Vader in a hoodie. He got, he got ready to answer a question. She said, no, we are not talking about that. And Bill and She's Bill's using we with everything.


Bill Belichick, bill Belichick stood down, turned around and looked like this like, like a Stepford Belichick, a Stepford Belichick. But the stuff she Must be doing, the Belichick must have his just blowing his mind. He's got to be happy. He's got to be happy. The only it reminds me of when Katie Holmes started dating Cruz and we all started getting worried for her when she started become, when she got Stepford wives by by Cruz. All of a sudden it was like, oh no, we gotta save Katie Holmes. I I just, when that video of her in the high heels walking on the football field, Wait, that's Belichick is Katie Holmes here?


Belichick is Katie Holmes. That's important. That Video of her going on the field and ordering people around like she was a party planner at a wedding. And it's like, it's spring scrimmage. Like what do the people at the school think of this? And did you see that she shut down somebody who was pointing Belichick t-shirts and she like, shut the account down. Yeah. I I just, it's not good. I, we've seen a lot of these over the years and this one doesn't feel like it ends that well. How does it end? I not Well, a breakup. Yeah, like a breakup. But they all end a tell all book and I just, I just want want Once it don't break up, they're just roommates. I just want 'em, I just wanted him to win some games at UNCI was looking forward to.


I, you know, I casually root for LSU 'cause I like my friend Van. I was excited for UNCI was actually excited for this college football season. Now I'm worried our guy Belichick is in trouble. Anyway. Van, I'm Sure he's talking. If I was UNC booster, I would be worried after this interview, like, what are we dumping our money The morning into? Okay. Yeah. But look, look, so just one comment on it, here's Bill who has never let anybody tell him how it's done. No. Not even rock craft. Right? Like, if there's one thing we know about this guy, like I'm doing a team photo. Fuck you. Oh, video game. Nah, you know, I, whatever the petty shit I can do. Oh, that's a new petty thing I can do.


I'll do that too. Like, just give Him fuck. He would've signed OJ Simpson in 98. Absolutely. Right? Absolutely. That's Patriot's way thing because they got rid of one lineman in the late nineties for a woman who's 24 to tell him, you know, and this wasn't Panhandle he Coming Up. She's four years older than my Daughter. Right. How did you meet Connor and Willa online? You know, this is, she's off to the side. Like you went on fucking CBS What'd you think this was gonna be? Some guy from the Worcester bugle, like, you know, you went on to promote your book and it's CBS. This isn't after another win to go 11 and two on the season.


And somebody from the fucking Boston Herald's like, Hey, what were you thinking with that last time out? No, just trying to find a way to compete. Win the game. But you say He's, he's 72. I would be worried if this was SSC in his late forties and it was like, did you hear about this girl Sillas dating? Yeah, just the on Lyft anymore? Well, I admit I'm not, I'm not being too critical of the relationship. 'cause there is, there is a scenario, right? I'm not talking About the ages. I'm talking about the uprooting the life part, right. Where it's with this Belichick, this mystical figure who never seemed like this would ever happen to him. And it's happened. He was wearing a distressed navy pullover. Okay. But that might be in he, that he may have paid for that, those abrasions.


He Was wearing a distressed navy pullover. Like I'm telling you, man, it, this is just the beginning of it. Bill Belichick TikTok is coming. The, the whole situation is coming 'cause she is putting it on his motherfucking ass. That's what's happening right there. Be happy for him. That's Six times Super Bowl champion Bill Belichick getting it put on his ass. He's gonna have TikTok, I hope in the title it says He's doing like dancing videos where he is dance dancing with his six rings. Like what is happening. All right. Thanks guys. Peace. All right. That's it for the podcast. Thanks to get how Thanks to Van, thanks to Illa.


Don't forget you can watch all the quips from this on the Bill Simmons YouTube channel, including the second hour of this podcast, which is also just available by itself as a quip. New re watchable. Come on Monday night someone watch over me. Celtic City, last episode HBO 9:00 PM Monday night and I will see you in this podcast on Tuesday. Must be 21 plus in President select states for Kansas and affiliation with Kansas Star Casino, or 18 plus in president DC.


Gambling problem call 100 GAMBLER. Visit rg help.com. Call 1 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org/chat in Connecticut. Or visit md gambling help.org in Maryland. Hope is here. Visit gambling help line ma.org or call 803 2 7 50 50 for twenty four seven. Support Massachusetts, or call 1 8 7 7 8 Hope NY or Text Hope NY in New York.


This episode is brought to you by LinkedIn. Every basketball team that's still alive in the playoffs has one thing in common. Their key trades and signings throughout the season paid off giving each team the talent needed to make a run at the championship. With a small business, your success directly depends on the new talent you add to your team. And a great place to find that talent is LinkedIn. You know, hiring is a big deal for small businesses, not only because small businesses are wearing so many hats, but also because every hire is crucial for a growing company. That's why LinkedIn pairs you with the best candidates using data you won't find anywhere else from unique skills and interests to the connections you have in common. LinkedIn also lets you go beyond candidates who are actively applying in a given week. 171 million LinkedIn members aren't actively seeking jobs, but they are open to new opportunities. That's a big pool to miss out on. So find your next great hire on LinkedIn. Post your job for free at LinkedIn dot com slash simmons. That's LinkedIn dot com slash simmons to post your job for free terms and conditions apply.


This episode is brought to you by MICHELOB ULTRA. What do I look forward to every NBA playoff season? Well, I'm always hoping the Celtics do well. I'm always hoping we have great storylines. Great games, great matchups, great game sevens. I just hope for good basketball. But the NBA playoffs, they're even better with Michelob Bocher, the official beer partner of the nba. Plus, they're getting fans closer to the game with a chance to win courtside tickets and more. Enter now at michelob bocher.com/courtside. Michelob belcher's peer access Courtside 2024 to 25 sweepstakes no purchase necessary. Open to US residents. 21 or older ends on July 1st, 2025, multiple entry periods. Visit mic low belcher.com/superior access slash courtside for free entry. Entry. Deadlines and official rules, message and data rates may apply void. Where prohibited.