
You're listening to The Bill Simmons Podcast presented by FanDuel FanDuel. Sportsbook is the best place to bet on the NBA A. We have these fun little Tuesday, Friday player performance stuff. We have same game parlays, we have picks for me sometimes and boosts and all kinds of fun things. Get ready in the playoffs. Download the FanDuel Sportsbook app today to get in on the action. And by the way, The Ringer is committed to responsible gaming. Please visit The Ringer dot com slash rg to learn more. Listen to the end of this episode for additional details. Must be 21 plus President Select states game problem called one 800 GAMBLER. Or visit rg help.com.


Coming up, all hell breaks loose in Denver. I'm at the Masters. This podcast is nuts. It's next.


This episode is brought to you by Whole Foods Market. As the weather gets warmer, it's time for lighter meals, right? You know that Whole Foods market has just what you're looking for, great everyday prices. The yellow low price signs help you save money every day without compromising the quality you expect at Whole Foods market, like low priced responsibly farmed Atlantic salmon or no antibiotics ever ground beef or boneless skinless chicken breasts plus much more throughout the store. Wherever you see yellow at Whole Foods Market, you know you're saving money. Save on the best of Spring with great everyday prices at Whole Foods Market.


We're also brought to you by The Ringer Podcast Network. If you liked White Lotus, go check out Prestige tv. Go check out the watch because we covered everything that happened in the season finale. I put up a new rewatch bowls the saint that went up over the weekend because Val Kilmer passed away. So we wanna pay homage to him. I am at the Masters right now. I have a bunch of people we did not expect when we were walking off the course and got our phones back today that Denver had cleaned house. So I'm gonna talk about that at the top with Joe House. We're gonna talk NBA, we're gonna talk Western Finals odds and a whole bunch of stuff with Sal End House. And then we did a bunch of master stuff.


We created a little draft that you could bet on a FanDuel sports book and a whole bunch of other fun props bets. And then last but not least, James Baby Doll Dixon. He comes in, we've talked about him on the podcast a bunch and, and we talked to him and Chang and Sal about Augusta and smoking and some of the stuff that makes Augusta what it is. So that is all Coming up. First, our friends from Pearl Jab.


Alright, we're recording this on Tuesday, early evening in Augusta, Georgia, east Coast time. We are here for the masters. We brought a whole crew, including Nathan Hubbard, your Fairway rolling partner, Cousin Sal. He's gonna be joining us later. David Chang and Baby Doll James Dixon, who's still talking, you can't hear him. But we're do a bunch of segments for this pod. We did not expect what happened when we left the masters because when you leave the masters, you have to give your phone. You're not allowed to have your phone in the course. We didn't have our phone for six hours, right? So literally anything can happen and we're thinking we leave the course and we're gonna find out the market has dropped like 150 points or just Just another day that ends.


And why that's All. Yeah. Some sort of, some sort of bad tariff news. And instead all these texts about, oh my god, nuggets. Can you believe Denver? And they fired their coach and their gm and we're gonna be one of many podcasts who talks about this tonight. But a, a true stunner, I don't remember, I have a bunch of thoughts on this, but to fire your coach at GM with a week to go in the season when you have a chance to be like a top four playoff seed. This is like the NBA. We grew up with the NB a's like, like going nuts again. Well, I, I mean it is, and it isn't like there, there is no precedent for teams firing their co, like we have it now in 10 days. Two playoff teams with legit aspirations for getting to the Western conference finals firing their head coach, right?


And Denver, Memphis. Memphis being the other one. Yeah. De Denver went a whole step further. They're like, we don't like the internal turmoil of this identity crisis fight that we've been having for what feels like to me 18 months now. Yeah. At at least between Calvin Booth and his instinct to try and build a team with young guys and Mike Malone who has in front of him most of the pieces of guys that won an NBA championship a couple of years ago. Right. And this tension has been affecting this team for two years now. Well, but think back to the eighties though. I remember didn't Larry Brown, like he was coaching the Nets and he just left for Kansas City with or for Kansas University with like two weeks ago in the season.


They fired him. It was the kind of thing that would happen all the time with the league we loved and the league, even though it still has your Sacramentos and these. But now I feel like, here's my theory, I'm gonna throw this theory at you. I'm Listening. The league is so deep now and there's so much talent. It ties into something we talked about when we did the over under pods with ow like shit, there's gonna be some unhappy teams. Teams that thought they were gonna be really good teams that have max guys teams that have this model that used to work of, we have three stars, we have two really good stars and they're gonna be like two games under 500 in February, wondering what the hell happened. And I'm looking at the West because the west is a way deeper conference than the east.


The east is more like a traditional, you have the really good teams, you have some good playoff teams, some mediocre teams, and then crappy teams, right? That's the motto. We're used to the West, like everybody's talented and everybody thought they were gonna be in the mix. So look at all the teams that weren't happy just this season. Dallas traded their best player, one of the five best guys in the league. They just said, fuck it, we don't like where this is going. They trade them. The Lakers were unhappy too. There was, they were trying to do all kinds of stuff mid-season, they make a trade. Memphis fires their coach. Denver just fired their coach at gm. Sacramento fired their coach, traded their best player. Phoenix tried to trade everybody on their team at Devin Booker for four months.


They fired their coach last year. They're probably firing him again. That's six teams in the West house. Oh, you left out Golden State. Golden golden State. Who knew that they needed another piece and went and paid, you know, high price Guy Jimmy. But, but yeah, that's, but at least that's not like, okay, right. That's not a Hail Mary. This Denver thing is a Hail Mary. This is, It's a what the hail is going on to me sense. But this is, we're gonna the playoffs and we're gonna get smoked and everybody wants to play us. And we're in a situation where in Saturday Sunday teams might be tanking to try to get a matchup against us. That's the level Denver was at with the way they were playing lately. That's true. So what does firing the coaching GM have to do with the performance on the floor?


All right. It's a good question. I'm gonna try to answer it. Good. I think they thought their season was shot. I think they decided, I think they're right. This coach GM situation, they were gonna get rid of both of them. They, Josh Crocky basically said that he did say in the press conference, like, we're gonna do something after the season. Why not now? Why not See if we can save it. This is a hail Mary. Well what Again, let's do it precedent wise, point to a team That's done this with a week to go, yeah. In the last 30 years. But Point to a team that's had yoic as, as their best player during like this half decade. He's having, that's one of the great half decades anyone's had offensively in the history of the league.


So I don't, and they have one title to show for it. I don't begrudge the instinct of wanting to do something to change the trajectory. But the problem is it's the players, they're not good enough. They don't have a team that's good enough to compete. To your observation earlier, well They have their top five Good enough it, they don't play defense. They haven't played defense in two months. That's why they have a losing record over the last 25 30 games. It's why they have a a, they're five and nine over their last 14 games. Their last three games of the season. I Think five and nine over the last 14. Yeah. Yes. I saw their 12 and 13 last 25. Yeah.


They, they don't play defense. 19th net rating, 22nd defensive rating in their last, last 25 games. And we like looking at the net rating stuff. It's a nice little snapshot. Yeah. You know, sometimes you can overreact to it one way or the other. Sometimes you have teams that are in the vicinity of where their playoff spot's gonna be. Maybe they cool the jets a little bit. Other times it's a real sign. Either something's going really wrong or really right. Like with the Clippers with Kauai back, other net rating stuff is really good here for two solid months now. And it's like, let's take this team seriously Detroit who I think is gonna be a succeed, I'm not taking them a hundred percent seriously, but the math is the math. And the math says they're a pretty good team.


Denver, the math said this team can't guard anybody. The on off stats with Yoic, which I mentioned Sunday with ow and are the case if you're gonna talk MVP for him, which I think the, I think today probably hurt that cause a little bit. But the on off for him, where they were the best offense in NBA history when he, when he is on the court and their 30th in the NBA when he is off the court. That's all you need to know. And, and there's never been a disparity like that in the history of basketball. That Tells you ex all that you need to know about need the, the team building effort. And look, I, I think this is, Well when you say team building though, do you blame Mike Malone at all or because you and I both watch a lot of Denver, I don't blame him one bit.


No, I mean, when you have the best player on earth and you have most of the nucleus of a title winning team, yeah. Then the appropriate thing to do is try and in the first place defend that title and then in the second place try and win as many as you can while you have the best player in the world playing at the level that he's playing at. That seems like the right kind of decision. And I think that head coach, you know, built a game plan for the season these last two seasons around the i, that, that thesis around the idea of we should try really hard when we have this guy to be as good as we can in this moment. They just, it, I do think that this new collective bargaining agreement is a real culprit.


Is a real, The apron stuff. Yeah. Because they were so, they were like 5 million under the second apron, but next year they were gonna get killed by the apron. And I think they seem really scared of it. And you know, there's some real money stuff with this team that has to be mentioned. I think around the league, if you talk to people who know shit or who have a vested interest in it, they're like, thank God Denver's not spending more money. They have this incredible asset and they seem pretty good being middle of the road. It's the same thing people felt about the New England Patriots during the last 10 years of Tom Brady. I mean, thank God they're not spending more than they are. Then you look at the Philadelphia Eagles in your division and they're super aggressive and they're like trying to maximize the moment.


I think that's what most fans want. I would not say Denver's doing that. I don't, I wouldn't call it Denver middle of the road. I wouldn't characterize, You know, I'd say middle of the road. They have the, they have the best player in the league and they're not even a Second Apron team. Well, they're going to be middle of the road this season. They were not middle. They, they went for it last season. And I think they paid the price. I think that they flamed out the way they did because they, they saw the one seed as a viable possibility. They played balls to the wall at the end of the regular season and it took a toll on them. 'cause Minnesota ran them out the gym. I have a couple other theories in this. The playing I think puts a crazy amount of pressure on these teams. Not only do you not wanna be in the playing, you're in a situation where you could just lose two playing games and then you're not even in the playoffs, which was a real thing for Denver.


Right? True story. So this is why it's, it's not a panic move, but it's a total panic move where you're like five days left, everybody wants to play us. Our defense is in shambles. We lost a catastrophic game in overtime to Minnesota. That really feels like that tilted their season in all these different ways. Like does Malone still have a job if they win that game? Maybe? Well, they didn't play two of their guys that game, right? I mean, I know, but it was just how they lost and how bad Westbrook was. It was, And how great, great agonizing Yoic was. It was Agonizing. Especially you have that piece, you know, a lot of times when we're hinting at stuff in pods and we're talking about stuff and we're talking about scuttlebutt around the league and people go, where's that coming from?


And, and shit gets aggregated. But it always seemed hazy. This Booth Malone thing. I mean, I talked about it. I, everybody who's had a podcast has alluded to or talked about it, I almost, and I really regret, I didn't do it. I had it, you know, you have the tweet lined up and you have the draft. There was some something, Malone got something for like, he won the most games in Nuggets history. There was some sort of ceremony and it was a, like a short video in his common booth giving him something. And I had this really sarcastic tweet and it was like rare footage of Calvin Booth and Mike Malone interacting. And I was ready to tweet it out and I was like, you know what? That's not worth it. That's gonna become a thing pe people will be mad.


Like I, and I was just like, I didn't do it, but that's how bad it was. I had this tweet lined up like, because just that they interacted seemed like it was an amazing event. I, I don't like that whole kind of storyline and that dynamic because at the end of the day, which Part? The, the media part of it or the coach GM part, the coach GM part, the media part of it is f is perfectly fine. Of course. Well We, you know, we're getting the, now they tell us piece tm, Brian Curtis, you know, that's coming. It was an open secret. Like, you know, people, Ramona Kind wrote it in the beginning of season. I think Zach, if Zach had been writing for ES, espn, I think Zach would've had something pretty major At some point.


Matt, Matt Moore at the Action Network who's a, you know, does a, a pod on on Denver has been talking about, it's not a secret. The of of that. No. All the Denver fans, It's internal tension. They've been observing it. But really, reason I said It's more than tension. They didn't fucking talk. I don't like it because that's Ony, that's on Joshy. They're like, you you, somebody needs to be the boss. Well at least he owned it today. The Boss is the boss, right? Yeah. You, you see guys not getting along. You need to sit in a room and reconcile whatever the differences are because again, you have the best effing player on the planet on your team playing at his absolute best. So the thing to do is try and capitalize on that.


That would be my instinct. So you don't think everybody along didn't Think is Zeke Naje extension, Reggie Jackson, Peyton Watson, who could be something eventually, maybe someday There's some really bad team building. We knew there might be signs of trouble. Kevin O'Connor, when he was writing for The Ringer did that big piece about the Nuggets and their team building and Kevin Booth gave all these secrets in the piece. Yeah. Which is like GM 1 0 1. Don't do that. If, if you're doing stuff that's working, don't talk about it. What is the upside? What's the upside of, of here, let me tell this reporter. All of these things we're doing that we think are cutting edge, how are you winning with that? Now you're just giving your secrets to the other 29 teams of the league again.


And he does this whole link thing. And it was just weird 'cause it felt credit grabby think and anytime something's credit grabby, You're Right. You know, like, well why is this guy doing, obviously he had a thing with Malone and it was already there jacking. Where's the boss from that moment on when that story came out on The Ringer? Which is what? 18 months ago? 16 months ago? Well, Remember he tried to disown it after he was like, I don't know, I thought I was off the record. And who Oh right. There was, yeah, he ludicrous. And it was fucking bullshit because KFC did a good job with that story. Anyway, so thi this thing was a problem all year. I think it affected the team and then they finally acted, I'm gonna throw this at you. The great NBA asset wastes.


Oh no. So remember when we were kids and Kareem was just on shitty teams for like seven years. Yes. He was on the Bucks forever. They had nobody like basically Bobby Dridge and that was it. Oscar was washed up and they were, he was still great. And then finally he is like, I'm going LA goes to the Lakers. But they trade a lot to get him. Then the Kermit Washington fight happens and it's just, it felt like there's seven years there where it's like, Jesus this cream, he is the best player in the league. Is he gonna be on a really good team? And then magic shows up and the rest is history. But there's been some good ones over the years. Like even LeBron and the mid two thousands on those Cleveland teams. I was like, oh man, they're trading for Ben Wallace now.


Ugh. Oh they're paying that much for Anton Jameson, Kobe, mid two thousands. Partly his fault because he's just Shaq out tac for basically the entire two thousands. Oh That makes me sense. That Was a good one, Moses. When we were kids on the rockets, TMAC could have but Yal broke down on him. Yeah, yeah. Broke down. But T-Mac for the all that Orlando run Grand Hiller. I, it makes me Sad. Yeah. And I don't think this Yoic thing is as bad. 'cause I Gordon's obviously really good Christian Brown's been good. Yeah. Murray when he is healthy as good C Christian Brown turned out to be good. Yeah. Quarter's a good three point shooter. It's not, it's not that bad. But at the same time, their entire, It does hurt. Their entire fate is tied to Jamal Murray's health.


And we said this at the outset of the season. I know, I'm not sure if I'm the only one, but I went under on them getting the 51 wins this, this season because You went over on the Sixers. No, I'm just saying we're talking about the Denver Nuggets. I'm just saying, I didn't want you to applaud yourself because you did go No, And by the way, I went, I went under on the Clippers and under on the Lakers. Why are we going through this? Nobody cares. I dunno, I only, the observation I'm making is that the concern at the outset of the season for me was Jamal Murray, do you trust that he's gonna be able to play at the level that this team requires through the balance of a season for them to get into like the mid fifties and wins. And I didn't trust it at any time that he's not, he has been excellent.


Jamal Murray for a good stretch and they were, they won eight games going into, into the All-Star game. It was Like, welcome to the season Jamal Murray in like December. Yeah. But you know, it was like, okay, so Denver's legit. So we love Denver at this level playing at that, that, you know, and then Gordon went out with, with some injuries and Michael Porter Jr's been doing Michael Porter Jr. Stuff. And we have too much time and too many high leverage moments where the basketball finds its way into Russell Westbrook's hands. Well he just shouldn't play in crutch time. That's true. I almost don't blame Russell Westbrook. I don't either. I don't Blame him when my son leaves the pantry open and, and the dog, my, my, my beloved dog Murph is just like, cool, I'm gonna eat all the potato chips.


Is that Murph's fault or is that Ben's fault? That's Right. That's Right. Rest. Sometimes in crunch time he's just gonna eat all the potato chips and it's like you left the pantry open. He Has to be on the floor doing that though because they are trying to do this ro rotating rest thing. I get it with their guys. I get it too. They're just not good enough. Russ, Here's here's Russ's value. We're giving everyone the night off. Russ, can you do everything and try to keep us close for this game against Charlotte who's tanking anyway? Sure. Can we bring a conspiracy bill for a second? Oh, I'm, I'm here, I'm listening. He terrible. He turned his hat backwards. It's like an over the top slash alone conspiracy bill. I wonder if Jamal Murray is healthy.


Oh, Okay. And if they feel like they're go team's going the wrong way in the playoffs and Jamal Murray is not a hundred percent healthy and they lose and then that becomes the excuse for why they fell apart down the stretch and then it becomes harder to clean house and fire everybody. And Now you just do it now. So there's no excuse you. 50 50. Maybe he's gonna be where he was in December for the playoffs. Maybe not, but either way it's a queen, it's a reset button either way it's just, listen, I'm not saying conspiracy Bill feels like you, I'm still conspiracy. Bill you're Feels like you Hold on, Hold on. I'm back. I'm out. That good. Thank You. Conspiracy Bill just came in.


I'm not saying he's always right. Sometimes he's crazy, but something doesn't pass the sniff test about the timing with this. I don't. Well, because it's ludicrous. The timing is ludicrous. The timing is Ludicrous. There's nothing, I mean Josh Crocky said four times. We're gonna see what we can squeeze, squeeze the juice. We're gonna see if we can squeeze some juice out of it. There ain't no juice buddy. Your team ain't good enough. He needs to, there's nothing you could do. He needs squeeze the ped juice outta it. He, he should be squeezing PEs all the way around. He needs to be squeezing the leadership juice. He should have que s squeeze. You know, before the season started and sat down. He needed it needed to be squeezed before the season started. They needed to come up with a game plan and not have this internal turmoil.


They got a best case scenario out of Christian Brown. This, this, this season. They really did a very good scenario Dodging the KCP bullet. They got a very good scenario out of Jamal Murray. Honestly. Yeah, it could mean considering his injury history. They pay, they have MA three max contract guys. They can't keep all three. They can't keep Aaron Gordon and Michael Porter Jr. And Jamal Murray and stay, you know where they want to be. Like Port Junior Wizards. Flag Sar No Porter, no, no, no, no. Flag Sar Porter. No. The new Big three. No, no. I still wonder why would, didn't we hear more about them and with Miami? Why? Why was Miami not interested?


Must Miami wanted any part of Michael Porter Jr. It Must be. It Must be right. Would you Trade him for Michael Porter Jr. Would you wanna pay him 40 million? He's redundant for that team anyway. He doesn't help though. We're gonna, we're gonna take a break and bring in Cousin Sal and we're gonna do the west where Denver fits in and whether we think there's any chance where, Where Denver fits out or Where Denver fits out, let's go. Let's take a break. And then Sal's gonna come in,


swing into the biggest golf event of the year with FanDuel where every putt and drive can bring you closer to victory. Or in my case, closer to all the putts and drives. Speaking of FanDuel, our friends over there have some amazing offers for the first major this week at Augusta. Check it out. All customers get from aid. No sweat bet on first round leaders. If your player isn't the leader after the first round, no sweat, you'll get bonus bets back to use on another bet. I like the Shambo to win first round. Bet it go grab the odds if you don't, if you don't get it, no sweat. They're also giving everybody a profit boost to use on any Augusta bet. Every round. Boost your winnings on anything from outright winners to top twenties and even if there will be a hole in one this week, don't forget to check out our ringer specials on FanDuel Sportsbook as well. We made a bunch of bunch of bets and props FanDuel your go-to for betting on Augusta Tee off of the variety of bet types and live bet stuff as the tournament drama unfolds. So don't wait. Visit FanDuel dot com slash bs to download FanDuel America's number one sports book and swing for some green Must be 21 plus in President select states or 18 plus in president DC. Opt-in required bonus issued as non roal profit Boost tokens restrictions apply, including any token expiration and max wager amount. See terms@sportsbook.fan.com. Give him prom call 100 GAMBLER. Visit rg help.com.


This episode is brought to you by Nissan. If you're planning on an adventurous 2025, you're gonna need a car that can keep up with you and conquer anything in your path. The Nissan Armada Pro four x is that car with a twin turbo V six engine ready to propel your adventures. Up to 8,500 pounds of towing capacity to haul all your favorite toys and space for eight passengers. This unshakeable fortress will chew up and spit out anything you throw at it. Learn more at the all new 2025 Nissan Armada at Nissan usa.com. Towing capacity varies by configuration. See Nissan Towing Guide and owner's manual for additional information. Always secure cargo.


All right, Cousin Sal is here, our friend. We walked the course today. Oh that's nice. We're gonna talk about that later. The masters. Your agent James Baby Doll Dixon is here. What a day. So much fun. We'll talk about that next segment. Okay, we're gonna talk about the Deborah Nuggets and the West and basketball and the NBA playoffs. Can I just first thank you guys for giving me some winning futures. The beginning of the year I heard you talk about how you bet your own futures and lost. Maybe you should come to me after your podcast so I could tell you who to bet. Houston makes the playoffs. Yes. Pelicans no playoffs. Yes. Denver Under Winds. Yes. Spurs under Winds. Yes. Suns overs a loss.


Wizards under. Yes, we did. We did. We did. Above average on our locks. I'm really upset about how we handled the Pacific. Yeah, the LA teams. Sacramento and Phoenix. The Lakers. Phoenix. Phoenix and the two LA teams. It was mess ruined my over unders. Yeah. Anyway, The dude just went over those two went to crazy transformation. Yeah. So It's not really, anyway, so the Denver Nuggets. Yeah we have FanDuel, I introduced these to you thank kind of buried on the FanDuel sportsbook NBA page where they have two advance each round. And I don't remember seeing those last year. I was incredibly fascinated by them. So round two to make round two, that means you're winning in round one.


And we're taping this before a couple of the Tuesday night games. Games, there's gonna be some standing shenanigans. We have five teams that have 32 losses. Denver's one of them who just fired their coach at gm. Right. Is Denver in a Post Malone time period right now. This is good. Wow. Come On. Where's the drummer? Here KC is minus 1300 to make round two house. And that jumped out to me immediately because what if they played Minnesota or the Clippers? I think OKC would beat either of those teams, but I don't think they're 13 to one favorites to beat the Clippers if that was the series or Golden State don't.


What Do you think the prices, because those guys, both the Clippers and Minnesota super short prices as as dogs, it Must be that they think Memphis is gonna be the eight because Memphis is plus three 50. Yeah. Right. And I honestly that does make sense. Memphis eight, I should have actually I shoulda have mentioned that too. So clippers are plus one 30 to make round two Minnesota's plus 1 54 to make round two. Memphis is plus three 50, but OKC is minus 1300. It feels like That doesn't make sense. It Does make sense. Memphis is even the eight at plus three 50. Exactly. Fandel screwed up. Thanks for sending us out here, but they screwed up. They're not smart people. We let you fandel but You didn't, you added something wrong here. And then the Lakers are minus 1 72 Gold State's minus 1 52.


Denver is plus 1 0 6 and Houston is plus one 14, which was another one that jumped out to me because they're gonna have, we know they had, we know they're the two seed they're playing as well as they played all season and it's two seven and I just think they're gonna be favored. So if I get them at plus one 14, that's great. But I think that whole list, what shocked you the most out of those 18? So, I mean that's weird now that you bring it up. If Houston is gonna be a two seed as a underdog, right. If you're guaranteed they're not guaranteed but looking good. Two seed has that happened in a while where two seeds, an underdog. I mean that jumped out Every once in a while. There like Memphis had that year where they were the two seed, but nobody believed in it and there was good value in them.


Let, let's price it. 'cause because, go ahead let's, let's say extra home game Houston against Minnesota. Right? They, they won't be an underdog to Minnesota. It'll be like very close to even ons, don't you think? Right. There'll be a tiny favorite Because they're home. They'll have home four. Yeah. Yeah. So right now Minnesota's seven and MI and Memphis is eight in Houston's too. Argo be playing one of those. Gold state has two easy games. The next two, it's bizarre. Denver just fired their coach. They've lost four in a row and they're gonna be playing the kings, the grizzlies at home and then at Houston in the last game of the season, which Houston might not care about 'cause they'll have the two seed locked up.


Yeah. So I don't know. I, I think Minnesota versus Houston, just fundamentally, if that's a two seven series house, where would your money be in that series? I'm definitely betting on Minnesota. There's Think that's how I feel about it. I guarantee you that because they've screwed us enough. We have this big parlay that needs Minnesota to run the table losing wise to pay off. And it actually might be over by now because it's, it's probably over Tuesday night. Yeah. Yeah. So we just wanna figure out how much we want our teeth kicked in by Minnesota this year. What would you set that line at Minnesota? Houston? I think Houston is right, like Houston only because their home would home. Yeah. One. But it'd be tiny minus 1 25 Or something that, so maybe that, that explains these prices.


I guess the problem for Fando and just trying to set these prices in general is if you have one upset, one anything happening Yeah. You don't wanna pay. Now all of a sudden I have Denver plus 1 0 6, but all of a sudden they're in the seven spot playing Houston and maybe they'd be favored in that. That's a great question. What would, who would you have favored in Denver? Houston. Yeah. So now you're talking, I think Houston's good. I I'd be, I'd be a little, I'd bet Minnesota, but I don't think I'd put a lot of money on that one. I Saw too many games with Houston where from the eight minute mark in the fourth quarter to the end of the game, they turned Flacid.


Did you see anything? What? They Turned Limp. Did you see anything of what Ahman Thompson did to Curry in that game though? It was Awesome. Absolutely awesome. I thought that was, it was impressive. He just took out, now Curry, the problem with Golden State and why they're gonna be so hard to figure out is they're an older team, right? They're best three guys are either old or getting old and they have a situation like they play two really hard Thursday Friday games. Yeah. And then they play Sunday against that young, big, powerful Rockets team. And they just looked old. Yeah. But at the same time I thought the Rockets they beat okay. Seeing Golden State in the same weekend. That's not nothing. They're good. Oh, with nothing to play for. They're, and they talk a bunch of shit. They're good. I like it. You was talking shit to Steph.


I mean this Just shows Me that FanDuel hates Houston to make them a plus number as a prote, a two seed most likely. And then we don't have to go on to the next round. But to make the West finals a plus four 70 playing the four or five seed, right? Yeah. So Houston, Houston, I'm sorry, the, the, the three six And my, I should have flagged this for you. Yeah. Houston was plus seven 90 like five days ago. Yeah. To make the Western finals really as a two seed. They were basically getting eight to one odds. And if you just price that out, they're gonna be, the favorites are close in both series. Right. Houston's plus four 70. Now I, I think even high looking at the odds, the, the shocking thing to me is how much respect they give the Lakers and how afraid, and I'm not saying it's right or wrong, I'm just saying the Lakers are being treated almost like they're a defending champ type situation.


They're minus 1 72 to win a round. They're plus 1 68 to win two rounds. And there's a chance they might, you know, maybe they don't even have home court in round two. Right. Potentially they couldn't. But to me that to Me That's Respect a lot of, like a lot of people that might be respect, that might be different from you saying there just might be a lot of tickets on the Lakers. Like right after that Luca trade, everyone must have just dialed into them and bet them to win the West. So they're so scared of that. Yeah. So there's a lot of liability there. But, but I do think for the West finals, all right, KC minus two 90, throw that out of there. If you think Denver's done, you got a nice opportunity to make some money here picking either the Lakers or Golden State or the Clippers.


Well the problem is if Denver drops to seven out of nowhere Yeah. And it's Houston versus Denver and a two seven, right. I think looking at the odds, the best odds to me seem to be Minnesota to make the West finals. I think the odds have adjusted correctly. But Minnesota basically seven to one to make the West finals to win two rounds. I'm gonna, we need to take a break for this podcast so I I can go. What? I'll be right back. Oh, To make a thing I gotta go make a bet. I thought it was a bathroom thing. It could be both. I could do it in the bathroom. Right. We did eat a lot of pizza today cus Yeah, I really wanted the clips to have better odds 'cause I thought maybe they would be the the sleeper pick. But plus four 20 to win two rounds isn't, there's no value at All. Yeah. No, no value.


Right. And there, there might be underdogs both rounds. That doesn't make sense. And if you really wanted to get nuts, do Memphis plus 1550 to win two rounds. That's insane. He's Just throwing money Away. But there's a chance they could get the seven seed and be in the two seven, right? Yeah. That would be the Houston that Memphis Houston would be awesome. That would be an awesome series. There Would be a but That, that's two Series at plus four 50 and plus 300. Would that be what they are in the first two series? Yeah. So that, that's basically what 1550 is. So house for that first round, the advanced to round two, if somehow the clippers are the eight seed and OKCs the one seed and you have OKC at minus 1300 to advance to round table.


I would be fucking nervous with that one. I agree with because I agree I think, I don't think the quips can beat okc, but I think they can make you nervous if you have a lot of OKC money. Right? Absolutely. Positively. I want no part of that. If, if Kauai it seems like we're gonna, I wanna, should knock on wood, there's some wood in this house, some fine marble. I see. But I'm gonna knock on some wood because we want Kauai healthy for the first round. I don't think they're gonna drop though. The Clippers are playing too, too Well and their last three games are, are reasonable for them. So here's the real value. So yeah though, to make the finals, so this is three rounds. OKCs minus 1 45 Lakers plus six 50. I just don't think that's, they're gonna be under making NBA two of those.


It's you have to win three rounds. So this is to win the Western conference. That is the Bet you have to Lakers plus six 50 Golden State. Seven one Denver, 10 to one clip, 16 to one Minnesota, 21 to one Houston 24 to one, and Memphis 70 to one. So the case for Golden State or the Lakers is this. Other than that they have famous players and a good infrastructure and all that stuff. What does your record have to be? What's the worst possible record you could have to make the Western finals a little math question for you guys. I mean including the playout, like All that first three rounds, what's the worst record you could have and still make the finals? 4, 3, 4.


Yeah. 12, 9, 12 and nine 12 and eight, 12 and nine. Yeah. Yeah. So if you think of it that way, it's like, could a team with Luca and LeBron go 12 and nine over 21 games? It's like, yeah, that seems realistic. Golden State. Could Golden State go 12 and nine for three rounds? And it's like, yeah, they're gonna have a game like that Sunday where they look old Step has three points. You know, even think of like when they played Memphis a couple years ago in 22. Yeah. And they got blown out in game five right when they just won in game six. When you think about 12 and nine, it's just not that hard. I like the way you're going with it. It's, it's like, because we, we usually look at this at this point of year, like, all right, who's the toughest out?


Who's the toughest to beat four times? Yeah. If you do it that way, 12 and nine is doable. Yeah. Well think About the Lakers like 12 and nine. Let's say there's three incredible Luca games. There's three. Let's give LeBron two incredible LeBron games. All right. Now I have five, right? Let's give Reeves one awesome game. Sure. Where they win. Just 'cause Reeves is now I have six of the 12. All right, now let's have a, LeBron and Luca are awesome in the same game game. There's two more. You can get to 12 pretty easily. I think you're right. I think those odds are infl. It's weird because we, we just said a lot of people might have Lakers tickets, but when we talk about the toughest out Oklahoma City's the toughest to beat.


Four times probably, but not six times as tough as the Lakers to be. Four times. Right? Well, so here's the case for O kc. Yeah. They're gonna finish the season 68 and 14. 67 and 15 and then it becomes math. Right? So over six months they lost 14 times. Right. And now we're gonna get to the playoffs and they're gonna lose nine times in 21 games. Right. That's where it gets stupid. This was the case for the Celtics last year. At some point the math takes over, but OKC did get their ass kicked the other night against the The other day Against the Lakers. Lakers. Yeah. And it's like, why did they get their ass kicked? Were they showing anything or they just, did they call off the dogs or did this actually mean something?


Right. I dunno. Houston seems to be, I would say most disrespected. Yeah. In the west I think It's appropriate. I think it's fine. But they're, they're gonna be the two seed. Yeah. And they're gonna have home court in the first two rounds. True story. 24 to one is, is a good price. The two seed, getting the seventh best seat odds is remarkable. That doesn't make any sense. 24 to one. Yeah. Yeah. For all three of those categories, Houston's getting ripped. All right. Sal, a couple other things for you. Yeah. Who do you want Dallas to take with the 12th pick in the draft? Yeah, I want a lineman. I know there's like two It, it's just crazy.


I know we're gonna screw this up, but you're doing football now. I know. I kind of love it. Fun Right To football. They're talking about the Arizona receiver or talking about like, this is a team that needs everything in my head. Like everybody roots for their team. Like oh we need like eight positions. Not you house you free agent at every way. You waiting? No, we need, we still need the playoffs again. Eight defensive positions. Give us a lineman. I don't know exactly which one is gonna drop to us because you know, we lost one of the best in the game. So I was looking at the draft odds. Sadly it seems like the draft has shook out in a way that's not great for the New England Patriots. Cam one seems like hunter's gonna be two.


He's minus two 80 now to Cleveland and, and then Carter is now minus one 70 on FanDuel to be the third pick. Oh You were really hoping for Shado to sneak in there. And I don't think it's happening in Sanders. He's four to one to go third. He's 17 to one to go second. And I think the odds are probably better that he's gonna fall. There's a team to draft Shado Sanders. Mm. Odds. That I thought was pretty fun because you can really take it, I mean Dallas is 26 to one. Sal, You take a couple of these, this is like a nice roulette thing, right? We put money on a few numbers. I never get it right though. Well if people are right and, and I think it feels like as somebody who's watched a lot of this draft stuff and a couple of people have kind of like, eh, I'm not sure he might be closer to Andy Dalton than people realize.


But nobody really wants to come out and say, I don't think he is top five pick. Yeah, he's not good enough. Nobody is come out strongly, but I think that's coming. And if he does the Aaron Rogers slide into the late part of round one. Right. And we start going into like, I don't know, Miami range 27 to one. Sure. Maybe even some before that. Yes. Colt's 22 to one Seattle Colts. Yeah. Seattle. 22 to one. Rams. 11 to one. That makes a lot of sense to me. Honestly. Steelers plus four 50. But it seems like there's some sort of value there that we're not seeing.


The other thing I was looking at was that the Pats trade back, I think Gente is, seems like he's gonna have some real juice as the draft gets closer. Oh Raiders are minus 1 45 for him. Mm. They're picking sixth. And if the, if they get scared, somebody's gonna leapfrog them. Maybe they just move up two spots with the Pats. If the Pats wanna take a left tackle. Right. But him going to the Raiders as minus 1 45 Saints as nine to one and then your team south 15 to one. I Just, it's so funny 'cause I would even look further down because to me it's still like, all right, if these GMs wisen up or running back that early, just even in the first round, but that early should only go to a team that's one piece away from making the playoffs or making a deep run in the playoffs.


I'm sorry, that's not your team. It's not the Raiders. Probably not the Bears. The only case for My team, it's not my team for sure. But Well the only case for my team is if they're like this is a Peyton Manning edge James situation. We'll have our two guys we won't be able to block for either of them. But we have, this is an Emmett Smith, Troy Aikman. Like there's, there's a model here for this. I'm like, I'm pretty consistent with this. Like if you're picking that high, I need to get somebody that in free agency in four to five years is gonna be like a $30 million a year guy. Yeah. And running backs don't make that much, you know? Yep. Tackles do cornerbacks do pass. Rushers do. And I just feel like if you're picking that high, even if they took Mason Graham, it's like that's a guy that will, if he's good, will be like a 25 to $30 million a year player.


Yeah. A running back will not. But once you're in the range you're in, it starts to get more interesting then you're in that Jamir Gibbs range. Right. Yeah. I, I don't think, you know, I think you got your player that everyone needs to be excited about and that's a coach. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. That's Your coach. So Now you don't have to, you know, kowtow to the fans. You could draft smart and go back to drafting smart like you do. I mean I think like Denver it's 75 to one like kind of one-ish piece away from from doing that. You know, a Running back. Yeah, well they did running back by committee. Yeah. And it was not very successful. Right, exactly. So that makes it, I like that price a lot. The Dallas Cowboys are seven to one to take a running back To take eight, running back first plus To take a running back first plus two 30 to take a receiver.


Yeah, you can do that. Fando has all these positions teams, that's A lot of fun. The kid from North Carolina has been getting a ton of buzz and they're starting to do this thing about, you know, is this a, a Bija Robinson, Jamir Gibbs kind of year. What position do you think was, will take I pray Edge, I pray one of the guys that they like at Edge that's plus one 70 on Fandel for Makes perfect sense, right? Yeah. That's the lowest odds for For the position. Yeah. I, the one that they don't have yet that I think they should have is who's gonna be the second quarterback drafted draft. Yeah. They usually do Because Dart, dart Dart versus Sanders. Ooh. Is a really fun one.


Ooh. Because couldn't you see the Saints just taking Dart ninth outta nowhere and be like whoa. Right, Right, right. Yeah. Like one of those. Yeah, For sure. And Dart like it's so funny 'cause now we see how many people show up. Everybody reports on how many giants showed up for Shado Sanders Pro Day, you know, it's like 37 Giants. There were 14 players and three front office guys. It ends up being like ratings for this and that affects the odds, like how many, yeah. You know, so that's why people think. But yeah, the same thing for what you're saying here. I could see it. Well speaking of in the odds, you know, FanDuel, they're, they've been an awesome partner to us that they're the reason we're here, the masters right now. Yeah. And occasionally I'll, I'll text them and badger them and make them do props and Okay.


Bets and stuff, Including some golf ones that we're gonna talk about in one second. But I made them do an exact order bet. This is my dream scenario for the Pats, which was Cam Ward Sanders Hunter. We get Abdul Carter fourth. So they put that up. They priced it. They had their, their trading desk priced it their Yeah. And it's plus seven 50 for that foursome. This was two weeks ago. Its now 17 to one. Did you, Did you make them change it? No, they're just dropping their, their increase of the odds because this Is what happened. Did they, they send in some tariffs. Was there no buyers? It was there. Shado Sanders tariff Wasn't, did not turn out, drop The kill the market.


Wow. What is, what happened that made that go up That aside from The one be, I think what happened is Sanders, it became clear he wasn't gonna go two or three. Okay. But for the, for the top five pick, that was the other one I was looking at. Yeah. And Mason Graham is minus one 40 and I just don't see how he falls past Jacksonville at five. Okay. Either somebody, either the Pats take him, which I'd be fine with. Yeah. Because then they would have an awesome D line with hopefully borrow more healthy guy they sign from Philly, they spend a lot of money on and Graham that sounds great, let's have an awesome D-line. Or Jacksonville takes them. But that's minus one 40 Seems like good odds.


It gets a little scarier after that. Like Will Campbell, the left tackle, everyone thinks the Pats are gonna take, I just don't think they take 'em at four Minus 1 35. I think they trade back a couple spots that they're taking him because nobody else is gonna take them. Is is the NFL draft or the mock draft? The the biggest. All right. We're full of shit. But you have no choice but to follow us Thing. No, I honestly, I think it's like the Denver, the Malone booth thing. I think there's so much scuttlebutt and I think they talk to so many people and I think these guys get real info like they End up six outta 32 and if there's one trade it screws. No, but I'm saying info about who's kind of, Who's looking For what. Like by now we know if Sanders is gonna be a top four picker nine, it's, he's just not, it's not happening.


Right. All right. So maybe if you could, So we know stuff like that you Could outline the top three or four, but after that like really like We know Cam Ward, like Tennessee's taking him like we've done that for a little while. Yeah, no I'm just saying Joe Lenardi goes 67 to 68 and gets death threats and then everybody else like Kier goes seven for 32. It's like, yeah, great job. All right, well Because see you next year the NFL has teams like Atlanta who, who draft Michael Pennix Jr. Right number nine. Right, right. Yeah. Everything Gets like no like, Hey I'm zagging pretty good pick. No, but that's what I'm saying. You might as well, but Michael Pennix might be the first pick of this draft. It's A great pick If you money, it's a great pick. If they just spend 90 million on Kirk Hudson.


If you just don't care about money, I'm Just saying don't bet minus one 70 on anything. Just like I, because, Because I think that's great advice. Crazy said, right? Absolutely. With that said, GENTY plus eight 50 I think is a really interesting be Oh Okay. For where? Yeah, for top five pick. Ooh, nah, I'm not doing it. I'm not doing it. You can't have a, I think A running back Trade in the top five. Think if he's Bijan Barkley that level and everybody thinks that and people think the Raiders are gonna take him at six and they wanna leapfrog him and get to four or five to take him. That's the, that's the path 50 seems like pretty good odds for that.


That is a Raiders move. That would be fun. Get the hell out there. You so you like that one? Did Would Tom Brady permit that? Yeah. Did any of the, since we did the NFO over under pod and we, so we did the Oh, that's Sal and I did that. I listened and we told, I'm aware we told House, yeah, here's the Niners price and you would've thought, I told House Trump's about to do tariffs. Assume all these short positions. I haven't heard how ex that excited about a win total probably in my life. Did it stay the same? No. 10 and a half. It's down. Oh, it's still 10 that, but there's minus 1 35 juice now.


10. That's, That's still not a bad price. I, I Held, you know, I, I caught my breath and I thought about it. Yeah. And I don't think they're very good and I think they're gonna have with this huge overhaul, it's not gonna be the same thing we're looking at and everything. But I, I thought about it and I was like, and I still don't think they should be favored in the division, but I said, boy, if you had your choice of being in any division with any schedule, you would wanna play a fourth place schedule and against the A FC South and the NFC South. And that's What the n and that's what they're doing. Yeah. They do have the easiest schedule as we sit here today. We haven't seen what the rest situation and all that is, that it will affect it. But I don't know who's on that team.


I don't know who, what the skill positions are. You took everybody from Their team. That's one. It's, it's, it's Brock Purdy and it's Trent Williams and it's McCaffrey On how many? On on half a leg. On one leg. I mean One leg. Yeah. Does he even have one leg anymore? Is Fred Warner plays defense? Say, you know, that's it. We're gonna do some master stuff. Yeah. Before we, before we do the draft, we're gonna do, we have a bunch of ringer specials that are on the FanDuel Sports book right now, including Houses Frog Frenzy region Parlay. Yeah. Which is Mat Siama Top Asian and McElroy top UK plus four 60.


Those guys. Why is it the Frog frenzy House? Because those guys are teammates. They're teammates on the Boston Common TGL team, the ball frogs. And You might be the only person that knows this. Ecky Ecky I think played in like half a mile. I don't, I don't remember seeing him. They weren Very good. I'm glad. That's the explanation. It could've gone so many different ways. Frog frenzy. That's it. I thought you were gonna get canceled for a second. I thought something horrible. No, no. We keep It. I was like, why did he frog It? I explained it when, when I put it in there. Gotta, anytime you have the ball frogs as a potential parlay, you gotta Do it. So Ha. You have Justin Thomas winning the masters.


I do. What's the case In the first place, by the Way? Put 22 to one. So that's The most important aspect of this. I think it's a great price for where he's, in terms of his success this year, his biggest problem over this drought, this winning drought that he is in, he hasn't won in over two years, has been putting, he putted very poorly last season and his putting has greatly improved. And his numbers, he's been competitive. I mean he, he choked down the stretch two weeks ago in Tampa, Florida. He had a three stroke lead going into the final five holes and lost to Victor Holin who birdie two of the last three also.


I mean, it was, it was a, a sensible loss. But I love where JT is in terms of his off the T numbers. I love where he is in terms of approach and the key thing for me is the price. Because I don't think you're getting any return on Scottie Scheffer or Roy McElroy. And I will pivot immediately if one of those guys comes out and shoots 66 on Thursday. But JT at 22 to one doesn't match up with the caliber and quality of his play thus far this season. So that's why I did it. And then Sal, you jumped on Morikawa A bandwagon. Why is that? He's a bandwagon guy. I haven't heard anyone else take a pick. Oh, so many people. Really? I love it. 16 to one, 16 to one on FanDuel.


What was your Case? Fourth in the world came in third last year. He's came in 10th the year before came in fifth and 2022. He's never missed a master's cut. So you know you're gonna see him Saturday, Sunday. He is gonna be on the board. I think people are down on him because of that outburst with house. You say that's not even an outburst when No blew a three stroke lead with five left in the Arnold Palmer. Yeah. Last month. And he wouldn't talk to the press. He gives a crap. Don't talk to I'll When I win here. No, talk to the press. Because he was waiting for the winner to finish and he was waiting and he was waiting and he was waiting and the tour never got him and said, come, you know, here's how we're gonna sequence this. He just left misunderstood. He signed All these tour apologist.


Joe House. I like, I'm a mor cow state. He finished Ties the top 20 in all four majors last Year. I think he's a great bet guy. I have some mor cow exposure. I just love the price for jt. That's the reason that I, I went with jt. We did hit one bet already. What's that? At the masters that we'd run into Scott Van Pel and he would take us to the Butler cabin. What we would get a group photo. Yeah. Which I put on my Instagram. That was Nice. That was like The Butler cabin. I haven't seen house that excited. Probably. I, I'm trying to think of a scenario where you would have the look on your face that you had. And I think it involves the word free massage It that I won't go there. It was stunning. I'm not, I can't overstate how like the set of the sequence of events.


First of all, it Happened in eight seconds. Yeah. We, We walked all the way up 10 to get to the top of the hill to where there all the social scene is happening. The media people, all that happens at the putting green where one in 10 come together. It's a big Scene way. Kudos to Nathan Hubbard who's asleep right now because he had 14 pieces of pizza. But he, he was like, let's go up there. We'll run into someone. He was a good call run into somebody. But We, we had to stop halfway up because the Cousin Sal has never walked up 10. It was hard. It's hard. It's a real walk. Forgot it was like the Denver Nuggets bench with all the rookies. Listen, we forgot that Sal was a rookie and didn't realize we're just going uphill for an hour. This ridiculous walker by eating pizza and oysters.


That's how I Dreamed. But We went, the sequence of events went from from that moment he was great. Great. Yeah. And then we're up there and they're like, hey. But you know, yeah, there's SB Baby Doll takes charge and goes right off The Oh, he knows me. He knows me. He's gonna fucking love this. Yeah, he svp. Good job Baby Doll. Only got scolded three times for smoking. For Smoking. Yeah. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Anyway, we ran an SVP saw the Butler cabin, which was about the size of the room we're in now. Yeah. Almost. It's weird. The small, a cool brick fireplace. Amazing. It's a really, it's a TV studio. It is completely like, you know, floor to ceiling outfit for perfect tv, you know, for video audio.


It's a, it's like walking into, you know, any a a, a proper studio where you guys know how to do TV shows. You know? I was surprised by that aspect of it. Yeah. It's like There'd be a ringer studio right outside sm small world ride in Disneyland. It's like, what the, Why is this here? You know, it's also always fun to run a Van Pel. 'cause he, he's gigantic. He's so tall. He's like six five. You always forget how like tall he is. Yeah. And just famous. What A homie. Great guy. My master's winner is Rory McElroy at plus six 50. It's, it's, I always make fun of you for being sentimental about Roy. You Do. You do What somebody that drove us around a little bit the last two days, Matt, who we've been fortunate enough to get to know a little bit and he had some Rory Intel about Rory was kind of popping back here to play the course and just making a couple extra trips.


Yeah. Gua native Matt. Yeah. Keeping his eye on things For us. Just that Rory seemed especially focused this year and I just like the moment, Hey, I mean, he's running out of time, you know, from a, from a, he's in an ex his extended prime now I would say. I don't think there's a lot more years where he's in the mix like this as a favorite. And it, this feels like to me, like if it's gonna happen, it's gonna be like, gotta be like this year or next year. So that's interesting because we are in this era where we see athletes, you know, extend their career, extend their right. And, and he has been very fortunate in terms of avoiding injury. He does seem like with his swing, he's been able to get more out of it.


He hits the ball even further than ever in his thirties and he doesn't have these injuries that pop up that much. So I think there's a window of time that I would say it's at least like five years. But your point is right, there is not a long history of masters winners. You know, once he hit age 35, If He could avoid injury, like he avoided Baby Doll Today, something 35, 4 years left. I would give him like six or seven. I mean, remember Jack, when we get In our forties, are we still in your prime at this point in golf? I mean, So basically he's got The Tiger 2020, tiger 19. He, he's got some time. I'm not ready. It's just That this is, this is the moment though.


Yeah. This is a, a crucial moment. It's not gonna be any better because he's never come into a master's having won twice on American soil and his numbers are through the roof in terms of the quality of his look in Art Defense House. And I have Bet Golf every weekend. And we've had money on Rory blowing round four a lot. Right? I mean that just, that's the hesitation. 36 years old Rory. Yeah. Yeah. So I dunno, we're we're around when it should. Yeah, it should happen again pretty soon. It Would be great. I'm rooting for it. I just didn't, I'll I'll I'll live. Bet it if he, if he comes out, his biggest problem has been Thursday. He hasn't, is he hit play scored well on Thursdays? Is He the number one player or team you've live Bet the most?


Mm. Oh wow. That's a great one. And then I'll ask Sal, I think for Sal it's the Chiefs. It might be Alex Pereira, but it's funny we discussed this on against all odds. Like if you had to assign a point value from one to a hundred on guys and teams that you've, you've bet on the most. So Pereira, McElroy Chestnut, who? My three, I think mine are the Brady Pats. Oh, that's a good one. Like Halftime be stuff like that. Yeah. Oh yeah. It's like we're fucking, yeah, we're coming back, man. I missed those days. Yeah. All right, we're gonna take a break and come back and do a little Masters draft.


This episode is brought to you by Audi. The all new fully electric Audi Q six E-Tron is a huge leap forward featuring effortless power, serious acceleration. The most advanced tech of any Audi ever experienced technology that puts you center stage with a panoramic digital stage plus an optional screen for front seat passengers. Perfect for watching the latest sports documentary. The Q six e-tron is not just a new ev, it's a new way to experience driving. Learn more@audiusa.com. Always pay careful attention to the road and do not drive while distracted.


This episode is brought to my Intuit TurboTax. Taxes was waiting and wondering and worrying. It's almost like how in the old days of fantasy football, we used to have to tally the scores on a Monday and then the commissioner would just mail them out to everybody and you would wait three days to see if you won. Those were the old ways of doing it. Now. Taxes is matching with a TurboTax Live full service expert who gives your taxes their undivided attention. They can file your taxes as soon as today. And while they do, you get real time updates on their progress, meaning you can get back to what's important. The game. Now this is taxes Intuit TurboTax. Get an expert now on turbotax.com.


All right, for this last segment, I always make fun of NFL pregame shows when they have too many people on. And we're about to have a six person segment, but we only have four mics. So I think it's gonna work well. Dave Chang joined us. Hello. Hello. Nathan Hubbard joined us. Hello. And James Baby Doll Dixon is here. No Baby Doll. So glad to be here With you guys. We have never been at the Masters together. No, We have not. Never been in the masters with Sal. I've been with Chang, I've been with Nathan, I've been with House obviously. Who no longer has a mic. Maybe. Maybe that's a good thing. You guys don't need to share the mic. We're gonna bring Chang in. But I wanna Share the Mic. But Chang has a bummed shoulder. He's got a, like a separated shoulder. Like they, they surg surgically removed his shoulder.


Now he's leaning on his left side there. But I just wanna make you as uncomfortable as possible. Okay. He did. Okay. And he's also like cooking like a wild with this really bad shoulder. It's impressive. Yeah, he's playing hurt. He's an inspiration to all of us and to everybody except Tiger Woods who's not here. But there's a lot of good golfers here. Nathan, we didn't talk about, we both picked Rory to win this masters. Yeah, we did. What was your case quickly? He, 10 years ago, got 60% of his shots gained from off the tee last year. 51% this year, only 37%. And he is still first in driving, which is to say the rest of his game has gotten way, way better.


See that was much better and much smarter, more stat driven than my take, which is like more roars now hitting his, this is his time. It's mid late thirties. It's time. And the vibes are good if it's ever gonna happen. It's happening right now. And Matt, our guy told us that he's been here a couple times. That was my case. Plus six 50. We're gonna do a draft. You Didn't trust Matt with your, your phone, but you do with the the master pick, huh? No, I wanted to put my phone. Okay. I like getting my phone from Clubhouse. We all left our phones with Matt, but Simmons, I dunno where Matt's gonna go. What if his car gets stolen?


Okay, we are doing this draft and FanDuel is gonna put odds on it and we are gonna do a Thursday Friday. Love draft. I love this. The 48 hour frenzy. I think we're calling this. Mm. Each of us are gonna be two golfers lowest score wins and people can bet on this on FanDuel sports book. Yeah. So if you like my pair more than everyone else's pair, put some odds on it. Be on pairs.


Has, you're not a Mike, you can't talk you, you talk. When I talk to you, You sound like Alex Baldwin's wife. You're sharing Babies. Mike, if you want do, do you wanna share? You have something to say? No. Oh, you did the, just the Timberlake Barry Gib show. Hold on. Can I just say, we haven't figured out what the Booby prize is, but whoever comes in last has to do something Stupid. Something humiliating Friday On something Friday. Yeah. I think you have to mix all of the sandwiches on the, on the course together. That's pretty good. And then eat them egg salad pork. That's a great idea. I think I might have done that anyway today, but that's fine. Do you guys have trouble there? Alright, let's do the draft and then we're gonna interrogate baby on some stuff.


Chang I'm gonna give you the first pick of anyone for Thursday, Friday. So it's not to win the tournament. Just who do you think is going to be the leader Thursday and Friday or have a really good score? Well, I know you guys are choosing choosing Rory, but I'm Gonna go with Scotty Scheffler number one pick. I don't, oh man, I don't think he's gonna win. But for the first, you know, two days. Yes. That's my pick. Alright. Okay. Make make a case for Scheffler. I don't see where's this guy coming from? All right, that's good. And it's the lowest combined score, right? Yeah. You have second pick. All Right, well I, I did, you know, the last half hour I said Colin Moreau, I've not wavered from that pick.


I like him. What are his numbers? Third, last year, 10th. The year before fifth in 2022. Never misses a master cut. We had a, a buddy who said he had lunch with him yesterday. Delightful fella. Dead set. I'm winning this thing. Welcome to Team Sal. Colin. Is that like a name drop? But it was like a mystery name drop. It's a mystery name drop. Alright, Nathan, you go third. Give me Rory McElroy. It's His time. It's his time. That's, that was my terrible take it. It's A bad take because Rory has struggled on Thursdays. Yeah, That's the one. And that's really The narrative of this tournament. If he plays Thursday, well he's gonna win this golf Thursday and Friday.


Fair Enough. Baby, you get to go forth. Who's your pick? I'm doing the Swed. Oh yeah. Berg Ludvig. Ludvig Berg. It's kind of Oberg, isn't it? It's Oberg. Yeah, but let's, I don't think if he wins, you shouldn't get credit for that. Wait, fricking Swedish Oberg. Definitely O potato gives you shit. It starts With an an A with that little do bread when I'm supposed to Follow this blo. All right. I am, I'm going fifth and I'm taking beefy Bryson Bryson de Wow. Nice. With my fifth pick. Alright, house. You get to hold the mic down. You get two straight picks. Great. I'll take John Rom.


Oh, and I'll take Justin Thomas. Okay. You Got the best spot in the draft. Wanna Make the case. Need to make a case. Yeah. John John Rom is a complete wild card because he plays on the live tour now. He hasn't finished worse than sixth than any of his live events for the most part. But I like him this year as opposed to last year, he had a tide for 45th last year as a defending champion. And he was in disarray. His game was in disarray. His life was in disarray. I he's calm now. Nathan gave me a very fine report of how he conducted himself at the press conference. He's poised, he's ready. He's locked in. I like that He played Doral last week. Tough golf course. Played well. You know, let, ready for a major.


And then Justin Thomas might pick to win this golf tournament because I love the odds of 22 to one. But Thomas has been gaining strokes on approach for about nine months now. And the key with Justin Thomas is that his putting is greatly improved. Now he's playing with a new caddy for the masters. I hope it's the guy that Ben Crenshaw used. We're on the 30th anniversary of Ben Crenshaw winning in nine five. If he has that guy, you might have a chance. But I don't love the idea of a new caddy. Why is that? Why do people not like a new caddy? Everybody gets the sour on a, a player who has a new caddy. I think the, it's Cad, Like he changed doctors Actually dead, but Oh yeah. Sauce caddy. Yeah. Alright.


RIP Oh, well then he had to change caddies. Okay. All I'm up, I'm taking Zander. God. Wow. Steady pick. Best guy on the board. Wow. Big year last year for him. Maybe it'll continue with the masters. So House has Rah and Thomas. I have Beefy Bryson and Xander as my two baby. You're up. I'm I'm going with the Say It right. Always. This one's easy. I'm going with Kaka as my second pick. Berg played. So Oberg played so impressively last year. Berg or Oberg, both of them played. So impressively Berg just call him Bergey. Bergey Ludvig.


He pitched the ball a country mile number one. He's got the short game. He finished, I believe second last year, if I'm not mistaken. And I think he's one of the absolute future stars of the tour and will win many majors in his career. Keka, I listen, I love on this podcast when people suck up to the Swedes. Yeah, Right. In general. No, but I think he's doing a great job. He's always a threat in the majors. He's had a very good recent history. Keka in in, in the Masters. I, I'm not sure where his game is because I don't watch live. But is that a political Decision or He's always looming and could be a threat.


This, this week. Alright, We got a lot of lib. Guys already have two. Yeah. Yeah. Nathan, you're up. You have Rory and who, God, This is a tough one because the, the, the money says you should take Joaquin Neiman here. But I just don't trust him based on the way that he played at live last week. So I'm gonna go totally off reservation and go Shane Lowry. Okay. Mm i that there's a small select group of guys who can actually win this golf tournament and it's people who come in with great ball striking. And Shane Lowry is coming in with great ball striking and he generally starts these tournaments decently well. So let's, let's see how he does. Alright. Speaking of great boss tracking cousin.


Hey, now I'm going with the shaggy dog Cam Smith. Great. Taking them right there. Ninth last year. Top 10. Top 10 in five of the last seven masters and never missed a masters cut, which means he is gonna have a nice score on Friday by Friday. And, and he shaved the mullet. He shaved the mullet. That worries me. Mullet or not? Here we come. Welcome to Team Sal. Cam Smith, Dave Chang. You have the last pick. I asked our good friend Chachi PT to help me on this. And I asked what if you were Cousin Sal, but successful Oh, Oh, at betting.


At betting, especially when it comes to the Masters and what would be the best long shot? I sort of did and it also helped me with a alliteration. So we got Scotty Scheffler and we're going to Sep Straka. Oh, nice. We finished 16th last year. We saw him today. Great approach shots. He looked good. And I'm trying to make Cousin Sal look good. Okay. Good. Good luck with there. I mean, that Might be tougher than actually winning. All right, so here's who we have. Chang has Scotty and Straka S has Morak Cow and Cam Smith. Nathan has Rory and Lowry Baby has Bergie and Keka. Yes, I have Bryson and Xander. And House says Rom and Thomas FanDuel.


At some point tomorrow will have odds on all of these pairings with our names. Yeah. And people can bet on this for Thursday, Friday. That's so, and I'm getting all the info from them. Who got betta on the most? All that's, I really wanna have the most bets. You do? Yeah. Well, you're gonna, you'll get that. People like you I think. No, I, I, looking at this, I think House is gonna have the most bets. I Ram Thomas. Yeah. And Thomas is a good, I think House will have the most action, which makes house public, which means he is not gonna win. Theyre public. So there we go. That's it for our big draft. Check it out. The, I think we're calling Ringer, 48 hour frenzy. What do we call it? I think that's good. Yeah. And then we might do, we were talking about maybe something with the 16th pole number of people.


That's that. Hit the water. Oh, The Ringer rinse. The Ringer rinse. Yeah. Thursday, Friday, something like that. Good times. That's where we go. All right, we're gonna take one more break and then come back with some more master stories.


This episode is brought to you by Loom, by Atlassian. Feeling stuck is the worst. We were all feeling it during Covid, right? Just staring at the same walls every day and the same people unable to really go anywhere. Just being in a funk. Well, if you're feeling stuck at work right now, at too many meetings and hunting down teammates to get approvals, there's an easy fix. Get unstuck with video messaging from Loom by Atlassian. With Loom, you can record your screen, your camera, and your voice to share video messages easily. Using video helps you and your team save time and stay connected even when you're working across time zones. So Now you can delete that novel length email you were writing. Instead, record your screen. Share your message faster with Loom. It also has editing and AI features to help you record once and get back to the work that counts unstuck your process, projects, and teams with video communication from Loom. Try Loom today@loom.com. That is LOO m.com.


This episode is brought to you by Ultra Running. Every pair of Ultra Shoes has a roomy toe box and zero to low drop, which lets your toes spread and keeps your foot in a more natural position. All in the name of comfort and performance with a variety of styles. There's a shoe for everyone. It's comfort. You have to feel to believe. Try Ultra for yourself with a free 30 day trial and free shipping@ultrarunning.com.


And now for a special part of today's show, forward Thinkers of the Game, brought to you by Workday, in which we discuss the players who brought something fresh to the court. When you're a forward thinker, the only thing you're afraid of is business as usual. And Workday is the AI platform that transforms the way you manage people and money today. So you can transform tomorrow, Workday moving business forever forward. You know, they asked me to talk about a player that made me think of what I just said. Steph Curry. If you think 21st century, what NBA player impacted professional basketball and basketball the most. The three point shooting, the skill that Steph brought to it not only revolutionized how they played basketball in the NBA, but then inspired this whole new generation of players in high school and college and even affected the women's game players like Caitlin Clark. It all basically starts with Steph when his career really starts taking off with the Warrior in 2013 and 14. And it changed the geometry of basketball. So that's one example. Anyway, you can learn more about how Workday is changing everything at workday com.


Alright, now it's just the four of us. Nathan and House have Fairway rolling. They're taping tomorrow. They're doing their big master's preview. So I want people to listen to that. Well, you can't get on Fairway Rolling is what it was like to walk the course with baby today. What a day. What a day S Does. Was this fun? You could, it was a lot of fun, man. It really was. I had a great time with you guys. I really did. It was Awesome. Yeah, because you wouldn't shut up. You Talked about your shot and Your shoulder and your, your strokes and how you were as a 25-year-old golfer. I really was. You are right. I was very, the walking would've been easier if he wasn't, but you know, I do like talking golf with house. Yeah. Because we're, we're, we have, I think we have a very similar handicap and also a somewhat similar passion for the game.


So he was listening more than talking. He was very intently listening. Yeah. No, no, I don't think he was intently. I listen, this was a real highlight of my day because I didn't know that you are such a golf lunatic. Oh, I'm number One. I'm a lunatic. I'm, And number two, I kept on walking in front of you guys with Sally here and I kept on telling Sally, I was like, this is insane. Yeah. Because you spoke nonstop. Relentlessly. This is not a compliment entire golf history of how far you would hit every club in your bag at different ages of your Life. Yes, I did. It was like the evolution, you know, the, the evolution of my game from age 12 to to to 60.


It was like a sports documentary narrative series Right. That nobody signed up for. I Didn't mean to annoy you guys with it. I just get so excited when I upset now. No, I'm not upset. I just, I when I walk those hollowed grounds Yeah. I just, I get like this, this like energy Yeah. About it. I just, I can't help myself. I'm like obsessed with it. How do you know that House was enjoying listening to this? I think House was, I think House really loves listening to anyone talk about golf. I Think he was, you gotta give him a break tomorrow. All right. Tomorrow you, You didn't, Your buddy. I'll walk with you guys tomorrow. Well, Here's the thing, like he and we were here, Listen, it's hard to keep up with Simmons on The course. You can't keep up with Simmons. So it's gonna have to be someone else. His pace Is very brisk, But he's talking about his golf game and everything.


And this would go for 40 minutes and then we'd get a break from baby. Like, oh, thank God he, we don't have to listen to the golf talk. He'd go to the bathroom where he'd go to smoke somewhere or he'd go to the fucking pro shop for the fourth time of the day and they'd keep us waiting for four. Like, so half our day was spent waiting for baby. Right. Well I only dropped what, 4K today. That wasn't bad. It's, it was right around the over er, you know. Well, so Sal Yeah. Baby does this thing where he's convinced everybody who's ever met him Oh yeah. Knows who he is. Most famously when he accosted Oprah Winfrey in Jimmy's dressing room. Right. And did Oprah. Oprah, you remember me? You remember me. She didn't. And then he is like, no, Oprah, you remember me. Right.


And it's a famous story. So we were wondering if he would do that today in the golf course. And you take it from here. There Were a couple. Right? It was Cam Smith who's on my team. Yes It Was. And because it was a Wake Forest connection. Your daughter went, daughters went to Wake Forest. Yes. Two of my daughters did. Yes. And he was eating a banana after his tea shot. And what'd you do? Well, so connect, connect to the background. So 17. And he's like, I'm gonna, I'm gonna get Cam Smith's attention. Yes. Yeah. With the Wake Forest thing. Yes I do. And we're like, baby, definitely don't do that. He's doing a practice round. He's trying to figure out distances. He's not gonna acknowledge you. He said, no, no, no.


I I I think I can get him. Yes. So he's walking by eating a banana. And what happens? Cam cam Wake Forest. Wait. Oh, I said first I said, cam, we're rooting for you. We're rooting for you. Best of luck this week. Didn't look up from peeling. He's Working on the banana. Right. And as I said, as I said, wake Forest guy, wake Forest connection, he continued to peel the beat banana and stick it in his mouth and look the other way. He Seemed like he paused for a split second. Yeah. Yeah. But, but That was it. Yeah. Least might have pause. And then there was a follow up. Well, so then there was another one.


Yeah. That I thought was a better one. So there, Roy McElroy Chang. How dubious were you of, of, of this? I didn't, when baby said I can get Rory to come over, I Dunno, on the 18th, I can't express how I felt. Truly because I didn't know I'd feel embarrassment on that hole. Because you said you were gonna do it and I didn't think you were gonna do it with Cam, but you did. And it was embarrassing, quite frankly for you. Yeah. And us because we were there I thought wasn't, I wasn't embarrassed at all East. He'd be lucky to know me For God's sake. So now, now I knew you weren't joking that you were really going to talk to Rory because you have had interactions with Past.


I have had multiple interactions with him. We are Not today, I, I don't wanna say we're neighbors at the Bears Club, but we're neighbors at the Bears Club. So, and he's position's been a wonderful guy to me and, and very kind. He's a gentleman. Can wait, Can we all that, can we unwind that for a second? Yes. I don't wanna say I'm neighbors with him at the Bears Club Neighbors, but I'm neighbors with him at the Bears Club. Sounds so ridiculous. His house is so incredible. Beautiful. But does that mean your neighbor's with him at the Bears Club or, I mean that he's around the corner. Yeah. There's only 80 houses. It sounds like Neighbor, But it's kind of a neighbor. That doesn't mean he knows you. No, I didn't say he knows me well, but he know, he know he, he doesn't know me well, but when he sees me, he knows who I am.


How's that? So that Bears Clubhouse, that was like the fourth Colbert extension with like, when you try to shit, when you try to sign the feast to the houses. Think that was after Midnight. Mike Dan is the Simmons Wing. Whatcha complaining about, Alright, Cousin Sal is my outdoor grill. Come on. Dare. How Dare you know, that just means you're a shitty agent. That's, I mean, So go ahead. What, Who is he playing with? I can't remember. Oh, amateur, I believe. Yeah. Yeah. And he hits a bomb of a drive on 18. Totally. You know, to Bill's credit, he got us to look at how narrow and how stressful it is to actually play 18. But the TV doesn't really do a just Graph.


There's like five things you kind of have to see at the masters. And one of them is you have to stand behind the at t to see That was so good. How hard that is to just thread the needle with the amount of pressure you might be facing on 18. It's like, it's easy to share. There's No other and it's like dead uphill, Giant, giant trap. Only really one spot to hit it. And 19 things can go round True to The last, not to mention all the people lined up that you feel like And it's 18. Yeah. Yeah. And Rory bombs his drive right down the middle. 300 plus. And you know, you say you're gonna talk to Rory and you have like this prime spot as he's gonna walk past. Yes.


And I had to turn my back to you. We backed off and gave him, we backed off like it was a mom or So give you some space Baby Doll. I just, I just couldn't see This, This car crash that was gonna Happen. So sad. You wanna reenact what baby said The other side of it. Imagine if he came over how great that fucking moment would've been. Right? But wouldn't that have been cool over? But what did you say came over? You Said Rory? Rory Baby Doll. Yes, I did. That Was it, it was just three words Exactly What happened. And he heard real. He didn't, not only did he stop, I think he sped up when he heard Baby Doll. He cracked a little smile. I know. Maybe I'm imagining it Like, oh, this is my prison cellmate from seven 15.


So You were hoping what I had just in my defense. Yeah. He wins the players two weeks ago or three. How many weeks ago was that? Three weeks ago now. And you guys are neighbors. And I saw him in the men's grill and I of course congratulated him profusely and Like a thousand people. He was sitting with Shane Lowry at the table, at table. And I talked to him for a minute and you know, did the Baby Doll thing. And what is The Baby Doll thing? I think we saw it today. The Baby Doll thing that He calls someone's name and they don't respond. That's the, That's the Baby Doll. But I, I thought maybe it was semi fresh in his mind. Yeah. So that's why I had a modicum of, of, of confidence that he was going to like go, oh Baby Doll.


Okay, look, whatever. Didn't work out that way. No. Well as it turns out, these guys are practice rounding and Yeah. Trying to figure out their shots and the distances on every drive. You Picked Rory, the Baby Doll didn't really trigger him at all. Really? Wouldn't you have been a little weirded out you picked Rory? If he like was so unfocused that he did come Over his head, I would've been concerned. Of course. I feel like they're actually, I know they're, but like he's played this tournament, you know, 20 times, 15 times. It's loose out there in these practice rounds. So he just doesn't like you. Yeah. I guess I so o for two is the two Legacy two. I was o for two S. Can you tell the origin Of, but there's always tomorrow. Can you tell the origin of the Baby Doll story because you named him Baby Doll.


I don't think there's much to it other than he says Baby Doll, he calls everyone Baby Doll. And, and I thought this was funny. And then so I started calling him Baby Doll. Right. That's exactly right Chris. I mean, but it's not fair that he gets to call everyone Baby Doll. And we don't call him ba Baby Doll back. I mean, you, you are. That Was really it. There's not much to it. You are the, you are the guy who, who pointed. But to me this is like, I don't know why no one did this. I met him 25 years ago. Someone should have done this 40 years ago. True. This is like wheels on luggage. Like luggage always should have had wheels, right? Yes. Not 19 78, 81. Right. I like That. I like that Metaphor. Thank you. Well that's it.


You, you should have been Baby Doll. So you were hoping, because everyone calls you Baby Doll and you call everybody Baby Doll, correct? Yeah. Somewhere in Rory's head as he's figuring out the course, how his swing is the distances that the Baby Doll would trigger like a Pavlovian response. Yes, I did think that. And he be like, oh, that guy I really like. Right? Yeah. Totally. Isn't that insane of me? But yes, that was what was going Baby Fucked up mine. I have to say upon reflection, it's your performance today was inspirational. Oh. That's why I love you Chang. Thank You. You, You have to try. Failure's not an offense. That's not, you just gotta try. Don't know what you're gonna get. And that's, you don't ask you Baby Doll magic is just not being afraid.


That's It. Right. Well, what's isn't that the Wayne Gretzky quote Shots You don't Take's, He's a, he's a really like decent guy. When you, when you talk to him, he's a gentleman beyond belief. And Why should we believe You? No, because he just is and, and like he's not some, you know, disengaged guy and he's, he's always very polite and, and and engaged. And so I thought maybe, and it was relatively recent that we, we bullshitted and Right. Oh. For two didn't work. What can I say? I tried, but that wasn't really the highlight.


Sort of the highlight for me was we were talking to a member of Augusta National and somehow you just let it be known that you are a board member of Wake Forest right off the bat. Absolutely. Which had nothing to do with the conversation at all. You're so proud of that. What, why did I bring that up? Well, Because you brought Up, bring that up. No, I'm like, you're right. I did bring it up. I hate to add context to this, but we we're talking about the LPGA and Wake Forest car golf. Yes. Yes. Thank you for the refresher. I'm sorry. Yeah. Yes. And I could, he was talking about the, the ladies' amateur being held at Augusta, which Is pricking up steam here.


Which Is, which I think One, one of the things I learned today is baby's very proud to be on the board of Wake Forest. It's, I'm, it's an honor. It really is. It's an amazing institution. Weren't shy about you told the person who made us a pimento cheese sandwich looked At it and Pretty much everybody Else. I I one, what is it? Your grandkids, your family, wake Forest board John Stewart and then way, way lower all all of those other clients. Okay. I'll go that. I'll like not way down. Yeah. Okay. Jimmy's like, and James Of course. Yeah. But this Wake Forest thing shot to the top. I mean you were really, Remember when the Bachelor met James was In there for like Right.


A year matched The No, when he was like right there with Stewart. Right. It's like neck and Neck. He was gaining, You were dropping his name. He was gaining. Absolutely. Well hey, you're only the bachelor once. Right? There's one more Baby Doll. There are actually so many Baby Doll story. Yeah. Nick's, it's a true joy getting to, it's only one Day, three days. It Just, Only, what's this gonna be? So you disappeared quite often. You got in trouble for smoking cigarettes. That's was also a highlight. Okay. Fair enough. This a source. Yeah. Alright. But the real highlight was you disappeared and I think amongst the five of us we're like, where, where, what's, what's going on here? Why are you not here? Right. And you come back and we all had to sort of eat crow because you bought us all hats.


Yes, I did. And then It was worth the wait. But a funny, can you describe what happened? Because one Of fun things, wait, I mean we had, we, we waited like a half hour for him, right? Yeah. And I'm like, what the, and we had two. He said He needed a, because the sun was hot for some reason he was scared about skin cancer for once. Yeah. Interesting. And decided to Get a hat. I actually wanted this exact hat. Is that what it was? Yeah. 'cause they didn't have it at the, this Was, he was in the pro shop for like an hour and a half and then 40 minutes later has to shop even more. Yes. I did it most of my wife. And then, yeah. So then he comes out and like Chang says, he starts throwing, like, gives us all hats. He's like, yeah, take a hat. He spend like $250 on hats. We're talking to some fans of Bills.


Bills this happening. Bills a guy smoking comes up, talks to Bills, says hi and Bailey Doll. I like that guy. And I don't know how you said it, but you had an extra hat because so many of us had bought hats already 20 minutes before. And you throw it at the guy and you're like, here, you're smoking. Take a hat. Yeah. You have a hat. You almost stacked the cigarette out of a Spirit. Yeah. And he is like, you almost hit me in the head and you're like, well, you got a fucking free hat. You know? Yeah. Whatcha Complaining about? I mean, come on dude. Or a fucking hat hurt your neck. What happened? You Know, I think one of the the masters is so polite. Yeah. And when people would get mad at baby for smoking in areas that you weren't supposed to smoke in. Right. It wasn't like, sir, you're gonna have to put that out.


Was it was more like a disappointed. Yeah. Sir, can you please? Yes. They're all, can you, so yeah, there are smoking areas that could lead you to generally kind. Yes. There's there's a designated smoking area over here. I can escort you. Yeah. It's like I just put it out already. Okay. You don't need to escort me. I'll be lighting one in about five minutes anyway, so It's all good, baby. What's, what's the worst, most depressing designated smoking error you've ever smoked in? Have you smoked in those airport ones where it's like, almost you're In Europe where they used to have the, like it's, You're almost Andy Din God, like solitary confine. It's literally a smoke chamber in a coal mine. Yeah. Yes. I have smoked in there.


Of course. I, I, I used to go like say to myself, why don't they have this in America? You know, I love that they have this in, in London. Smoke Chambers. Yeah. Smoke chambers. It's, it's like they all have pet pet walking relief areas. Why not have smoking areas? Did you used to smoke like on airplanes, trains, everything. Of Course. I was just gonna ask him that. Absolutely. Really? And did people, did you ever like get in an argument with anybody? Mm. You know, not really. No, because it was, it was legal. Legal. Can You imagine someone lighting up next to you on a plane? Imagine Sitting next to baby on a train. That's it. Oh my God. You're taking like the Acela from New York to Boston. He's just like lighting Up. But those were like, Oh, this cologne, I can't take this for hour.


And what the fuck, what is this a cigarette? What is he doing to me? Those Were designated smoking sections. So if you were, all the planes were worse. I don't even understand that. Not not the planes, but like the trains if you were in a smoking car, you know, not my problem at that point. Right. There are, I mean that, that was an amazing era where, 'cause I would take the train back and forth between my mom and my dad. Yeah. And you're going to walk to the cafe car and you're just walk through the smoking car and it's just like lung cancer for Right. Well The 10 seconds where the planes where one row behind Was not smoking. Yeah. Right. You could smoke pipes, cigars, cigarettes. Right. And if you one behind, it's like, this is just, People would use the actual Ashtray in the arm.


Absolutely. I love that fricking I love that ashtray. I really did. They had 'em on the old cars too. Remember? But no, wait, you were asking me about Most depressing smoking places. Depressing. Yeah. Or weirdest because sometimes the smokers get relegated to the kids' table of life. Yeah. It's not fair. Yeah. I'll tell you the, the, the idea that I could smoke in the office up until like, it wasn't even that long. By nine, by two in 2000 you could smoke in the office. So 25 years ago you could even as an assistant sitting in a cubicle in common areas.


And I used to run like a fan under my desk to just like spread the, the, the, the, the smoke. But yeah, that was insane to think that you could do that. Now in New York City it's 25 feet away from the building. So if you smoke near a building, you often get reprimanded. You've Paid a smoking fee in a rental car like 50 times. Right? Of course. Yeah, of course I have. And Hotels good for you man. Baby gets offended if there's some sort of penalty for smoking a rental car. He just assume I, for the, for the, the percentage of how many rental cars I've had that I've smoked in and the times I've been nailed, I've done very, very well.


Chang what was it like to have a cigarette that your wife probably shouldn't know about with Baby Doll last night? Oh, you know, every time I he see Baby Doll, baby gives me a cigarette and it's a just a joyous occasion. I sucked that thing down and it was awesome. Tha thank you. And you love that I have Marlboro Reds, right? Yeah. I mean, listen, the only way you'd be cooler is if you smoke fil cigarettes. Yeah. Why don't you do the Italians? Yeah. Step It up. They, they get your fingers yellow. That's, that's the problem with them. Otherwise I, I kind Of like, yeah, babies' enough colors need to add yellow fingers. What is it? You have enough colors going on already? Yeah, I changed my orange fingers. Yellow. Look, they're pretty good. My fingers be orange. No, Like another thing that happened, it's been total joy By the way.


Is he gonna come on Thursday night too? We'll probably have a thousand today. It's gonna be the whole podcast. I mean The Ringer has a great podcast about TV shows and White Lotus. Yeah. Oh. I think last night I almost pissed my pants because before we all went to bed, we were watching the last episode of season three. White Lotus all over again. Yes. Crazy. And, and fuck, I, I just couldn't stop laughing because I think that we need to have a alt cast of you, A manning cast That's a baby cast. A baby Cast, not Paperwork. It's like a re watchable but live. Yeah, because you were the only one seeing it live.


Yeah, I'm Not Right. I Hadn't seen that Episode. I'm not sure live would be the best idea, but probably not. Maybe just It would need about 16 or 17 hours of headache. Yeah. So we watched But, but I think it would be good. Yeah. We watched last thing. We'd all seen it but baby hadn't seen it so we watched White Lotus with you. There was a couple Wild, wild. I he told the guy to jump at the end. Tim Ratliff is looking out. Well he's gonna make them drink that shit. What the fuck you trying to kill your kids for? It's like, Forgot you've been trying to kill yourself for nine episodes. Just fucking jump. Get it over With. It's like you forgot that we were in the room with you Watching. Yes, I did. Kind Of. You were. So, I, I had a few glasses of wine.


I was tired from the day and Yeah, there was a lot of strays on the white Lotus cast. Yeah. Yeah. But Guy talk, you put some chest hair on him during the show. Oh yeah. Guy Talk. Told him to grow, grow a pair. Yeah. Pussy. I mean, I've never seen Bigger pussy hold a gun. You know, It's like, come on. What, what other TV are you watching baby? Before we go? Any other favorites? He watches from the couch. Still watched the first two episodes of Mob Land. I thought it was amazing. Ah, have you seen the Mob Land yet? I haven't seen it yet. How about 1923? Nah, I haven't seen that lot Of smoking in that show.


I loved Mob Lands. Mob Land. Okay. Yes. Second episode. You know a lot of setup in episode one Gets and it's good. Second episode. You see where it's going. It's awesome. Tom Hardy is incredible. Who, Who for your money is the best smoker in movies or tv? Oh, as an actual smoker. Yeah. Who pulls? You mean like in real life? No, no. Who pulls up smoking the best? Best, I'll tell you. Brad Pitt's pretty good at it. What movies doesn't he smoking? Like, like in Once Upon a Time in Hollywood. He Does like the turns the hand. I like the way he smokes in It. Damon, we just did Goodwill Hunting for re Watchable and Damon's really good in Does he?


Okay. And Cole Haer in that movie, Chris Ryan did a whole thing about Oh really? How he, he gets rid of a cigarette, grabs a beer. Yeah. And waves them for the car all in one motion was Really good. Very good. I gotta Check. Yeah, it's really, but Dero is usually Dero to me. Is the goat Dero good fellas? That's the best ever. Yes. Okay. Fair enough. I'll go with that. Yes. Remember this scene when he is sizing up Maury when he decides to kill Boom. Yeah. It's just kind of staring him down, taking a slow drag. Yeah. There's been some bad smokers too. Alright. Who Would be an ex, well who would be An example of that? Outta of movies We've done a re watchable. Like there's a really tough Keanu Reeves hardball scene. Oh really? He's trying to smoke. He's like a degenerate. But it's clear.


You, you're right though. You can't. But Tom Cruise is the worst. I mean, you can tell Who the non, the real non-smokers are who have never really smoked in their life. Mm. Who are just smoking because the character. I think Kia's a real smoker though. You think? Yeah, he's Oh he is. He screwed up the hardball thing. Mm. I dunno. In Coine he smokes a lot. The people like the cruise type of people are always my favorites. Could you be brought on As a consultant baby? You know, was a great smoker. A smoking consultant? Yeah. Yeah. You should. Sure. I'd love to. Like they have doctors for er Is that a unique job? Because I'm amazing. I think it kind of is. Yeah. Leo Leonardo in in Django Unchained.


Yeah. Playing Candy. Candy was his last name, but I can't remember his first name. Whatever. Not a great character, But he smoked with that cigarette holder. Yeah. And man, he was good at it. He was really good. You ever that A Cigarette holder? I have tried them when I was a kid. They're fucking ridiculous. I mean, I don't even know what that is. It's like, Hey, hey baby. Did you ever go through a phase where you rolled your own Cigarettes? No. Never did? No. Mm. Uhuh how could you recreate a Marlboro? A work of fucking art? You know, you know my old joke, right? I'm tearing up there. No, you know. You know what joke? Is it offensive? No, not at all. Okay. Not at all.


No, you Baby Doll. How much you smoke? I smoke a lot. No, seriously how much you smoke? I smoke a lot. No, like seriously. How much do you smoke? Well, let me put it, let me put it to you this way. I go through two lighters a day. There you go. That was a Bill Hicks line that I adopted. Oh, you just said that's your joke and no, well, I adopted it. May he rest in peace? Yes. But it does get people off. When you do that joke. They stop asking how much you smoke. It just diffuses the whole thing. I'm not gonna stop. We asked you yesterday a pretty joke. What celebrity did you have the most cigarettes with over the last 35 years? And Dennis. Larry, his name came up. Bill Hicks. He was up there. Hicks was up there. Who else? Who was the one we decided?


Oh, Chappelle. Chappelle. Yeah. Oh, tons of cigarettes with Chappelle as, I mean Chappelle is one like the, one of the all, He's the greatest smoker. Right. Of this generation. Better smoker Or comedian. Oh wow. Right. I mean I I I'm gonna go with comedian because that's a real talent and he's, he's don't sell yourself short. But he, what I love about Chappelle is he smokes everywhere he goes. It doesn't matter. Hotel rooms, wherever, lobbies of hotels. Studio eight H on snl. He's like Snoop. It doesn't matter if it's a fire or song ball with cigarettes. Yeah. He's always smoking comedy clubs.


Sure. You're not supposed to smoke in there anymore. Right. He's got a cigarette going everywhere. And may God have mercy on the soul of anybody who tells him, put that cigarette out And you've actually spent real time with Chappelle. So if you did the ship, Dave, Dave, it's baby dog, he would actually stop and come Over. Oh, come on. Yo. He'd come over for I Yeah. No, Dave, I've known since. I think he should have thrown a hat at Rory like he did that other guy. Maybe, maybe he would've gotten his attention that way. Don't gimme ideas tomorrow. There's always tomorrow. Before we go, what, what is your single favorite thing about Augusta? And try to turn toward these guys. So you're on the camera at least a little bit. Just getting beside not Business.


I have no idea, But I'm not a talent. Hold on, lemme think for a second because I love so much of it. Well, I'll, I'll talk to Chang about it. Right. You as you for some reason think of your answer for two minutes. Chang, what's your favorite thing about Augusta? 'cause you're like a naturally kind of pessimistic guy. Yeah. You've been friends for a long time. This place see really where I'm, I'm like happy Yeah. This place. Like really? But you Said a whole thing in the car on the way to the course about how incredible Augusta and the operation and the whole thing. You've kind of been inside the gates. I I, I'm one of the, maybe the only person that's ever had behind the scenes access because I filmed some stuff right in my 2019 when Tiger won.


And I think that it's number one, the best sporting event you can go to in America. Yes. It's the best run operation. A hundred percent business or anything. Otherwise they're maybe out there. It's flawless. Everything is done with intention and it's executed at a high level. Yes. And I think it's just, I'm happy here. I just am and I'm not normally, as Bill knows, I'm right with you. I mean, it's golf heaven. When you step on that course, it's like no other course. But You don't have to even have to like golf To appreciate it. No, you don't. You don't, you don't. But but if you love golf like, like we do, it's just, it's so unique.


It's such a different, everything about it is. So it's like if you died and went to heaven and that was, that was like Field of dreams cornfield. It Really, it is that and, and also like, I just love being around anything golf. And that is kind of the, this is the, the, the cradle and apex of golf and golf fans. And it's just my whole vibe, you know? I love it. I was, I was thinking, I was thinking about today 'cause I'd been to, I went to the US Open, but I went to a couple golf tournaments in the last couple years. Sure, sure. And all these other courses, like basically every other course that has a tournament, they're also, they, the tournament comes in and out.


It's the courses in't built for the tournament. It's built for 52 weeks a year of having members. Yes. And then they kind of shoehorn the tournament into it and there'll be porta-potties and weird cart pass and the parking's weird and things are disjointed. All this place cares about is this week. Right. I mean, they have other stuff, they have the members and all that stuff, but it's all like a long game for this one week. Correct. It all boils down to it. And every single thing has to be perfect for the moment you show up to when you walk toward the thing and you go through the gates. Every single thing you see, they've really put thought into. And I, I just totally, I appreciate that. I Think it was like a combination. It has an immaculate feel of Disneyland and like Central Park and there's like you said, and I think it's because they're not different events moving in and out.


There's no wasted space. Forget about the greens. You turn a corner and you're gonna see a shade of green you've never seen before. Yeah, that's great too. But even the pathways and everything, like you're talking about like, it doesn't seem like there's any wasted space. It's all beautiful. Well and then we talked about this every time we come, but the no phone thing is actually a real advantage. Yeah. Even Sal, we were worried about Sal. I Think I did. Okay. Yeah. Sal had withdrawal for the first like hours You did? Well I went to my pocket like seven times in the first Half hour. But you were like jonesing for that song song And then I felt like, you know, it was a little like a little white lotus when Saxon starts reading halfway through the season. Right. And it's like, maybe there's more interesting. Maybe they, maybe that's funny.


Maybe I can test myself. That's hilarious. Yeah. And it's like you were like, maybe I don't have to try to figure out how to bet on this practice route now. I think You're right. I think You don have to like, just kind of like acclimate yourself to where you were. Yeah. And like accept it and then go, okay, I'm, I'm, I'm here. It helped that We were all talking to each other and making each other laugh. It's like when someone's sick and they're gonna vomit, you're like, all right, if you talk to this person enough, they're not gonna Mad It. I don't have to focus on it. But Chang were you disappointed Sal Nimo? Whatcha Taught? What number one jump On on the course? I mean on the course. Yeah. But for those that don't know, Sal is not a big drinker. Right. And the fact that he started a day with the bloody mar, I was like, this is an auspicious sign.


Yes. I it's gonna be a good week number one. Two, he ate a lot of food. Thank you. It was disgusting. Thank you. And then seafood and then hit Of course. Yeah. You ate a pimento cheese sandwich and I knew you were full. I knew you were disgustingly full. Right. But you still wolfed it down. And I was like, this guy an oatmeal's cooking. He's bringing, he's you're bringing your A game. Yeah. Thank for Buck for buck 50. He's not wasting that size. People Need to know the food here is amazing. It's affordable. You could buy 12 beers for $12. Where could you do that? Anywhere else you're, Yeah, it's only 3000 to get in. But then they give, you know, for cheese and one the bread charge That's leaves the master. So different touch on what you said Bill, which is, you know, it's the only, obviously the only major that's always in the same location.


Right. So that alone sets it apart from all the other majors and like everyone's just so fucking happy to be there. Yeah. Because it is expensive and you have to, you know, get to it and like it's, it's a bucket list place that at least half those people, at least half are there for the first time and everybody's just like, holy shit pinch me. I I did it. Well listen, I, all I'll have to say is as a great car Coon said and White Lotus, I'm happy to have a seat at the table, but I'm gonna make a mess at that seat with bread and rice and cheese and everything else when I get up.


Thanks for having me. I so hope Sal finishes last in the pick so that, so that we can load down a good chance. Memento pulled pork, Egg salad. Egg salad. Chicken Biscuit. Chicken biscuit. What else B lt It's the Master's club which is like a b LT club. I mean that sounds great. That's now I, I hope I finished last two now we put it that way. We're gonna be back Thursday for more stuff. Yeah. Chang, you have a beautiful face Sal. You have a beautiful life. What about baby? You're just beautiful in general. So are you baby do thank you.


Thank you to you three thanks to House of Nathan as well. Thanks to Gaal and Kyle so far and Eduardo for helping us out today in the on the pod. And we're gonna be back on Thursday. Don't forget to check out the Prestige TV podcast and the re watchable as well. If you Ms. White Lotus, if you missed our re watchable we did on the Saint with Val Gilmer and, and I hope you're checking out Celtic City on Max as well. We will see you on Thursday.


Must be 21 plus in President select states for Kansas and affiliation with Kansas Star Casino or 18 plus in President dc. Gambling problem, call 100 GAMBLER. Visit rg help.com. Call 1 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org/chat in Connecticut. Or visit md gambling help.org in Maryland. Hope is here. Visit gambling help line ma.org or call 803 2 7 50 50 for twenty four seven. Support Massachusetts. Or call 1 8 7 7 8 Hope ny. Or Text Hope NY in New York.