
You're listening and watching The Bill Simmons Podcast presented by FanDuel our friends America's number one sports book and they've made it easier than ever to get in on the action during an NBA playoff game, even after Tip off, just look for the live SGP tab on the FanDuel sportsbook app and build your own bet slip and sit back, relax, track the outcome of your parlay right in the app. And if You don't already have it, download the FanDuel app today to make every moment more The Ringer is committed to responsible gaming. Please visit rg help.com to learn more about the resources and helplines available. And listen to the end episode for additional details. Must be 21 plus on President select states game prom call GAMBLER. Visit RG help com Coming up Nuggets Thunder. Headed to a game seven. I'm gonna talk about the Rob Mahoney along with a lot more basketball. Next.


This episode is brought to you by Uber Eats. Summer is almost here and you can now get almost anything you need for your sunny days delivered with Uber Eats. What do we mean by almost? Well, you can't get a well groomed lawn delivered, but you can get chicken Parmesan delivered. A cabana. That's a no. A banana, that's a yes. A nice tan. Sorry. No, but a box fan. Happily yes. A day of sunshine. Nope. A box of fine wines. Yeah, Uber Eats can definitely get you that get almost, almost anything delivered with Uber Eats. Order Now Alcohol and Select Markets. Product availability may vary by Region C App for details.


We're also brought to you by The Ringer Podcast Network. Have a new re watchable coming for you on Monday night. We did Close Encounters of the Third Kind. Just an awesome, awesome movie. See you have the whole weekend to watch. We got no basketball on Saturday. We had a OKC in Denver. It's headed to a Game seven Celtics Knicks on Friday night. And then if that's a game seven, that's gonna be in Boston on Monday. So no Saturday game for us. I guess we're just gonna have to watch movies. You can watch Close Encounters. I talked to Rob Mahoney, we did it live on YouTube and we had a great time talking about can yoic keep this going. Can OKC?


Hold on. Lots of great basketball storylines. Wrap through some water. Water on me with the Celtics Game six. It's all next. First our friends from, all right, we're live on YouTube. Bill Simmons here with Rob Mahoney, the studio episode nine.


So I really liked what they, oh wait, what? What podcast is this? Talking basketball. We get a seventh game, we get one more Yoic game. We do. We get OKC versus Denver, which has been an absolutely awesome, awesome series. I felt myself getting sad in the first half when OKC started a full pull away and I was like, oh man, what a journey this has been with Yoic. Know this weird team and his teammates that are either hurt or they don't show up, then they're good again then they're not good and he's the one constant and I guess this is how it's gonna end and then it flips. It's a borderline strather game, but not really. There's some Murray in there, there's some Yoic. Yeah, there was some heroes.


Russell Westbrook not a hero. No, no. I think we can give Julian str the credit for this one as the, the Julian Strother game. Really? You're going Strother game like, because yesterday was clearly the Luke Cornett game. Yeah, maybe not quite that extreme, but the desperation for Denver and, and you know, we saw this in game five, they just needed somebody who could hit a couple of shots and they would've probably pulled out that game. Or at least made it even more competitive. Him Coming up with basically a solo run in the most competitive tensest part of this game just cannot be, cannot be overstated. The importance of that. And as you're saying, Russell Westbrook did have the kind of performance where he, he almost lost this game. Like he, he played poorly enough for extended stretches that it legitimately swung the momentum of it.


And if Denver had to stretch his minutes or his importance even more because Julian Strother wasn't playing well enough because Michael Porter Jr. Didn't hit a couple shots. Could be having a, could be a very different mood right now for this pod. Well it's funny, STR was basically the bizarro Westbrook Westbrook in the first half felt like he swung the game at one point. I looked he'd played se this was in the second half, he'd played seven minutes. He was minus 14. Yeah. And it felt worse. Strother came in and it felt like he played seven minutes and he was like plus 84. But so it all balanced out. But this is the problem with Denver. You get past the top three and I have no idea who's showing up like game five.


It was basically those three guys and that was it. Yeah. And Brown who's been I think really good in the playoffs, he's been a little shakier offensive with this series, but you just dunno what you're getting. So Strau do I trust he's gonna do that in Okayc in game seven? I don't, but weirdly OKC has the same issue where they're dying for somebody to have a little three minute run. Right? They don't know it was Isaiah Joe for a while, but it feels like he's kind of gotten nudged out and you know, weirdly, sometimes it can be Caruso just kind of as a two-way guy for sure. But they're not getting that wild card so, so much is on SGA and Jalen Williams and then Jalen Williams stunk tonight. Again, That's the thing. And I would even set it up differently where it's like, if Jdw isn't performing then you now need three wild card players to do well.


Right? And so yeah, you get a good case in Wallace stretch in the second quarter, you're getting some good Alex Caro minutes. But like when it comes down to it, not enough guys can hit shots. You know, you don't get the same like Lou Dort streak. You don't have the same like Chet cashing in on his three, like enough of those plays have to swing in your favor to win a game like this. And JW just straight up for a player of his caliber, an all NBA caliber guy in the regular season wasn't good enough to win this game. And that that happens sometimes. It certainly happens with players who are as young as he is, but it's a reality of Oklahoma City's situation. That was the number one thing we were worried about with OKC in the playoffs. Yep. Is your second guy ready yet? You know, and you go through the history of the league and the second guy has to be a little more consistent than he's being.


But I, there's so many ways to go here. Do you think less A OKC because it's taken seven games to beat this pretty flawed Denver team that's built around one transcendent, one of the great playoff players of all time at this point or so that's door A. Okay, door B, these are the two best teams in the league. And if OKC gets through this, we're smooth sailing after this. I mean I don't think it's either of those doors. Okay. I mean I Don't gimme a door CI mean Door seed, the nuggets are really good and yes, they have question marks beyond the top three or four guys, but those top three or four know what they're doing, know how to play together, know how to find like all of the inroads to play off success.


And it's like this feels like a very natural graduation point for Oklahoma City. Like they're either gonna be able to beat a team like that or they're not. Yeah. And they're, they're gonna be able to overwhelm a team like that or, or they're not. And I thought there were stretches of this game where you could see the thunders completely mucking up Denver's pace of play the flow of their offense. Yeah. Disrupting their defense by extension. Like all the pieces were there during that run you were talking about and then the nuggets just like reeled it back in one Julian straw, their bucket at a time, an incredible Jamal Murray third quarter that I thought like they do not win this game without it. Yeah. And ultimately like they have a, a calm and a patience that is really hard to manage against the way Oklahoma City plays defense. Like this is a frenetic defensive front with a lot of activity that can, that can force a lot of turnovers.


And until the nuggets briefly lost their collective minds down the stretch of the fourth quarter where they were just turning the ball over every possession, they were actually winning the turnover battle in this game. And it's like if that's what the bulk of the game is gonna be, Denver is going to win. And I don't think that reflects poorly on the thunder just to say they have to be able to match that level of precision in a game seven. That's what makes OKC one of the many things that makes them so weird as a great team. Normally teams have runs and it's with threes, especially in the modern NBA, it's like, oh my god, 12 oh run four threes. Yeah. And OKC, it's all defense related. Four steals in a row for OKC. They've all turnovers and transition points and that's kind of how they come back in games with their defense.


I'm still not positive they know who their five guys should be on the stretch and I'm also not sure it matters. Yeah, but you think like game five, I mean think about it. Think about it this way. If Dordt doesn't get hot for three minutes in game five and if Jalen Williams doesn't make that shot on the left side that I still can't believe went in those two events, Denver wins and now we have this game six where I think we probably get the same result. Maybe. So Now we're going back for game seven and it's, this is like the kind of series that I grew up with and you grew up with too. Like this is a classic 1980s. We go back and forth, we go back and forth, okay here we go, game seven, right? This is like CBS 1987, Denver came back in game six and we're just doing it.


We're playing all the hits and then OKC, they gut it out, they advance and we talk about what an important series this was for their growth. Yeah. They had to get over the hump. So it's all the makings of that. And yet Yoic is so great, I just, I just don't wanna play him if it's one game, they have two days rest until Sunday and he's probably gonna play what, 43 minutes, 44 minutes? I can't as much As it takes. Yeah, They did it today where they legler who I thought was fantastic today always. I really think he's, he's the best TV analyst we have at this point. And he was talking about even to get him an extra minute and a half in the fourth quarter was so huge. Like think how stupid that is.


It's like oh we were able to not bring him back in until the eight minute mark instead of the nine 30 mark. But that's like how important he's become now where you feel like if you can get to eight minutes in the fourth quarter, it's like a fucking miracle. Yeah. But that's who he is and that's where that Nugget team is. I wonder if we'll see more of that from the Thunder too in game seven. I mean obviously it's a season on the line game everyone's gonna play a little bit more but relative to this one, yes there were a couple of thunder players who were in foul trouble and that shook up the rotation. I also thought thought Mark Diagonal in general was just like trying a bunch of very different stuff from what Oklahoma City usually does. They played some lineups that were smaller than they ever play. Yeah. They were some lineups with, with Jalen Williams, Jay Will is the only big on the court, which they very rarely, if not never do effectively in competitive games.


Stuff that we just like have not seen from them in the playoffs. Including some shorter stints for their key guys where they were, you know, pulled in and out quickly to get a quick blow to quick get a quick rest. I, I'm kind of wondering from a coaching staff perspective for them if they're thinking we can trust, you know, our decision making a little better if these guys are a little better rested, but in doing so, you're trading off some minutes for really good players and you're trading them for guys who are a little flawed who are gonna have, you know, some streaky shooting or some bad turnover problems. And I, I think those, those chickens kind of came home to roost for the thunder a little bit. Well they had the SJ gets the fourth foul right near the end of the first half. It's a Terrible foul really. Like really, really like even Carl Anthony Townes was like Wow, I can, wow, I can't believe that.


So they play him the first five minutes of the, of the third quarter and then he pulls them because he knows I, I just wanna get, I'm glad I got that five minutes. Yeah. But then he doesn't play the last seven minutes of the third quarter and you really felt it on OKC. That's where it's like nobody they have is really ready to run an offense in a game like that. Was that important for Denver for seven minutes? And if you're talking about like whatever happens to them this season, I still think they're gonna win the title but if they don't, probably the thing they're gonna look at is who can come off the bench and be somebody who can actually like create a little offense. Yeah. Like is Isaiah almost like Isaiah Joe as a lead guard type of person? Just, I don't even know what that means.


I don't even know Who is but like, like what the Celtics have with Peyton Pritchard where he can come in and be like, oh he might take some shots and he'll dribble and he'll push the pace and he's a change of pace. They don't really have anybody like that. So it all falls on Jalen Williams and when he's bad then what do you do? Yes. I I, and I think Jalen Williams, like he has elements and stretches and even in this game, like he ends up with tennis sis like this is a good playmaking game for Jalen Williams overall. Yeah. He's still critical in cracking that like first line of defense specifically when Denver is zone, like he's a really important part of that equation and yeah when Shea's off the floor, obviously he's your go-to guy for all of that creation. It just would be a little easier as you're saying, if you had a count, a back court counterpart who's a little bit more comfortable with the ball in their hands.


Right. A just, just a little bit. And you can do, you know, you can put Caruso in in some of those spots as kind of a trigger man, but he's not a traditional like attacking ball handler. At least you kind of don't want him to be Kaon Wallace who again I like a lot can get a little fast and loose with the passing and his handle. Sometimes you just start looking around their back court rotation and it's a lot of guys who you trust in certain moments you trust in certain roles. But there's a reason why Shea has the ball in his hands a lot and one is because he is really good at it and two is because they just like are not a ton of ball handling alternatives. Yeah. As a primary initiator. And it doesn't matter when you're up 20 and you're up 15, which is where they've been the whole season and you know, odds, I didn't look at what the line is but odds are they're gonna be like 8, 9, 10 point favorites somewhere in there and yet yo Yeah the yo stuff.


So I, I was looking his this this year, last year in 23, the title year. So now it was this 45 playoff games for him. Pretty big sample size, 45 playoff games, 29 points a game, 13 rebounds, a game nine assisted game. This is for 45 playoff games. What does he have today? 29, 14 and eight Right on the money. So it's like whoa, YOIC had a good game. It's like nah, it's typical Yoic playoff game at this point made his free throws down the stretch, which was something that was getting a little shaky there for a couple games in general. It just feels like they played a ton of, I it feels like they played twice as many playoff games as everyone else in the NBA like these, it just, every single game feels like it has this extra weight to them and it's do or die and it's down the stretch and Yoko seems exhausted and it nothing has been easy.


That clipper series was a nightmare until game seven. And then this series, you know, I'm sure they're kicking themselves about game five. That's if they, they go home for the summer. Game five is the one we're just gonna be like really Lou dot, I Mean the thunder out there too like you know they're Aaron in Gordon moments, like there are, there are counterbalancing forces in terms of like clutch play or street play. Like this is the playoffs. That's what happens Ultimately though I think, I think think you're zeroing in on the right factors for Denver, which is like are they just gonna have the energy reserves to, to finish this thing out when Yoic, everything is so hard for Yoic. I wouldn't say he was at any point in this game. Exactly picking the thunder apart. No, it was more Oklahoma City's deciding they're gonna obviously gonna crowd the lane and put as many bodies around him as possible.


They're gonna try to stay attached to Jamal Murray and they're basically taking away the Aaron Gordon lob from Yoic and they're just saying Christian Brown, Russell Westbrook, Michael Porter Jr. Peyton Watson, Julian Strother in this one. Like we're just gonna trust that we can rotate out to you fast enough to, to mess you up. Whether it's taking the shot or putting the ball on the ground. And Denver just like won enough of those plays. But it wasn't surgical, it was difficult, it was arduous. Like it's challenging every single step of the way and they're gonna have to do all that again and they're gonna have to do it all again against a team that is younger, that is deeper, that has a little bit to rally, that will have home court advantage. Like the thunder have a lot of factors kind of swinging in their favor as as this thing goes to seven. And so it's like you wanna trust the kind of veteran know-how of the nuggets but it's, it's kind of hard to with a series that's been disbalanced overall.


Yeah. Especially when OKC is just giving them corner threes like their free candy in a drugstore. Yeah. Like take one now take another one. You wanna drive toward the basket this time. Go ahead. We'll give you that too. They're just packing everything and that's why the Yoka just si totals. I mean I think he finished with eight today. Yeah. Which is high for the series. A couple of those like that last one he had the brown was, that was the thread the needle outta nowhere Larry Bird type passed but you know they, they don't want him to finish with 12, 13, 14 assists. I still feel like he could score even more. There was a couple times when he would get the ball at the foul line and he would turn and then he would just kick it out and it's like, just take Hartenstein like you know, you can get that little lob jump hook on him at any time.


Has this series, I know we, it's a regular season award. Did you vote for Yoic or SJA, I forget I voted Yoic. Right. Did this series make you regret anything or feel stronger about your vote? I mean I know it's playoffs is different than regular season but to me it's like I felt like it really made the cases for both guys, especially game five. But I feel better about the yoic vote. I just, I I think he's the best player in 13 years. I think that's, that's the area. Like it is a completely separate award. It is a regular season award as you said. Those are the criteria. Part of my criteria in voting for Yoic was I think he's the best player in the world and I start from that place and anyone else who I'm gonna vote for instead kind of has to prove overwhelmingly that they are the best player instead or that they had a superior season instead.


I thought she got really close and I couldn't quite get there. Me too. But ultimately, like this does confirm that like I think Yoka just been the best player in the playoffs overall. I think he's been the best player in this series overall and And Shay I, him or Julius Randall, it's, it's now, it's now toss up one of the Two. Yeah. You know Shaa had a tremendous game but I think you and and if anything I thought him running into the wall in this particular game had much more to do with the fact that his teammates couldn't hit shots. And so all of a sudden you see the crowd coming in around him, he can't get to the basket anymore. But I thought this was Shea's most successful game, breaking down the defense, getting all the way to the rim. He was pretty relentless in that regard. And I wonder how much of that had to do with he was kind of holding his right hand for a lot of this game.


It seemed like he injured it or jammed it somehow. Yeah, we'll have to see kind of what happens with that. And so maybe he was looking to drive more than shoot but I thought it suited him. I thought he did a really good job with that part of his game, which has not been a given against this Denver defense for a lot of these contests. Really, really, really, really great scoring guard. I mean he is 11 for 16 today. Unreal. They were king on him. He just always takes good shots. It's surprising when he misses he just has figured out how to navigate all the weird pseudo travel, pseudo carry stuff that people get away with. Yeah, he's like one of the best at it always is like able to pull off an extra like foot and a half, two feet. I haven't really seen anybody slow him down.


You know Chris Dunn a tiny bit, not Chris Dunn. Who'd they play in the last one? I'm blanking. Who was the guy in there was one guy in Memphis that I felt like I Don't, did anyone on Memphis really slow him Down? Not why. Maybe, maybe nobody, maybe I'm just losing Me. I think it was nobody with, with all due respect to the grizzlies, Chris Dunn did a, I guess he did a good job on Murray a couple times until he couldn't make a corner three anymore. Mixing up my series.


Let's take a break for the podcast. Vandal's getting into the action right from the first tip for the NBA playoffs. We've had a lot of tips we're headed toward round three but all customers get a no sweat. Same game. Parlay every weekend. When you bet the NBA playoffs use your token on three plus legs. Same game parlay or same game parlay plus in the NBA playoff game. You'll get bonus bets back if you don't win. Just it's the most fun to bet on. Yoic, just bet on Denver. Spread yoic over points, yoic rebounds and just root for yoic. This might be our last time. Just join me. There's no better place to bet all the playoff action and bet on Nicole Yoic that America's number one sports book. Visit FanDuel dot com slash bs. Get a no sweat same game Parley every weekend of the NBA playoffs. And then during the middle of the week we do Taylor fade with me. I hit it again. I've won my last two Taylor fades. We do that on either Wednesdays or Thursdays. FanDuel is the official sports betting partner of the BA. You Must be 21 plus in president select states or 18 plus in president DC. Opt-in required minimum three. Legg Parlay required refund issued as a non-controllable bonus bets that expire seven days after receipt max refund $5 unless otherwise specified restrictions apply including token expiration seat terms@sportsbook.fan.com. Game problem call 100 GAMBLER visit rg dash help com


This episode is brought to you by degree original. Cool rush deodorant. Remember last year people got really, really mad. One degree changed their cool rush formula one dude even started a petition. What was up with that guy? Well guess what degree listened. They admitted they messed up. They're bringing back the original cool rush scent and thank God you've gotta live when a brand can own its mistakes and it's in Walmart, target and other stores right now for under $4. Grab some find out why it's been the number one men's antiperspirant for the last decade. And by the way, you should put that on especially we're about to hit the summer, it's getting sweaty in the summers, the original degree Cool rushes back and it smells like victory for all of us.


Pressure rankings for game seven. Who has the most pressure in this game? Who are you the most worried about? I think we already answered it. I think it's Jalen Williams. I think so too. And and maybe two Is Chet In what capacity guarding Yage or threes or what? Just as a third scoring option. I mean he doesn't really guard yogi that all that much. Like they want Isaiah Harden shine on him as much as possible. So for me it's more can Chet do the right balance of finishing like contested finishes inside against other bigs like yoic which we saw he kinda struggled with some of that in this game. Yeah. Will he have opportunities to beat smalls inside who are kind of cross matched against him and Denver's gotten away with that for parts of this series overall like putting smaller guys on him for for stretches, whether it's man or zone and then the like the threes are gonna be what they are.


Like that's gonna come and go a little bit and you're gonna have to live with that balance. Which Chet's always like where are you finding the other offense? I thought he found enough in this one overall but a new game is a new day. Like you're gonna have to do that all over again. You have to get like run the court and transition and finish as well as you did all over again. Like those two guys are such huge variables in a game like this just because we haven't, we haven't seen them do it in the way that we've seen Jamal Murray do it before. So you have, I agree with this. Jalen Williams won Chet two. Yeah. Then a Denver guy has to be three. So who's the Denver guy? Probably Michael Porter Jr Do we, can you have pressure if I'm not expecting anything from you, I would say it's Christian Brown because Okay the three is, what was he on the threes today?


He shot quite well from three day three six. Three for six. I feel like if he can hit some threes now I at least have a semi fourth guy. Right. And Porter is just, I have no idea what I'm getting with him. Yes, I mean Porter just seems, I feel bad for him 'cause I don't think we knew he was hurt in the qui series at least for a couple games. Now we know like we're gonna find out after season. It's quite bad. Yeah, we we're gonna find out he has like torn ligaments in his shoulder or whatever. It's, but it's just too erratic. He's better than he is playing. He is better than he is playing. I think the trade-off is Christian Brown regardless of whether he's hitting threes or not. We'll get you cutting baskets, we'll get you transition baskets. We'll we'll play great defense at the, whether it's at the top of that zone or guarding someone like Shay for the majority of these games.


Like he's gonna provide value when Michael Porter Jr. Isn't hitting shots, he doesn't provide a lot of value and you saw some plays where he was just getting not only, you know like beat on ball but beat backdoor, beat in rotation. Like just they need that and like Christian Brown I think to me is there like he's gonna, his, his offensive contributions are gonna vary a little bit. You have the rock solid top three then you have whatever you get offensively from Christian Brown and then it's how do we string together enough minutes to make this rotation work And not only did you get good Julian STR minutes in this game, I thought you got really good Peyton Watson minutes for stretches like offensively not exactly what you want but his block on JW in transition in the fourth quarter was one of the biggest plays of the game.


His like their collective ability, that group to survive the non yoic minutes at the beginning of the fourth quarter. Again a crucial Julian Strother time. As crazy as that sounds unbelievably important in a game like this. And so the cascading effect to all the other nuggets, those are guys I expect a little less of Michael Porter Jr. Kinda like needs to give them 20 to 30 playable minutes and, and we're gonna see if that's possible for him in game seven or not. I watch a lot of nuggets in Westbrook. There can be like he's chest out maniac screaming to the crowd Westbrook or he could be, I'm in my own own head Westbrook, which we've seen at a lot of different end of the seasons. I don't think he's looked the same the last two games.


I'm not even talking about how he's playing And I really wonder if that Ramona Shelburn story in ESPN was a bad thing for him. Interesting because I just, he he, he's looked the last two games as you know I'm the body language doctor. I graduated of course 1998. Do you Have to like recertify your boards or something Like No I just got the diploma and just put it up. It's over there. You're done on camera. This over there. I just think you Should keep up with the most recent like research on these subjects. You know you have to go a conference or Something. That's true. Yeah. Maybe I should go take a psychology seminar every once in a while. His body language, the last two games felt a little last year on the LeBron Lakers ish me Uhoh or a Clippers playoff Phish just a little off the rails and not, I thought one of the cool things about especially in the Clipper series was he really, he really brought energy and charisma and personality and passion and seemed like definitely was the teammates were in.


You have these stories where you have unnamed teammates taking shots at you and I don't know, I like he's a human being. Like if you read that or hear about that you you all of a sudden you have eyeballs at the back of your head. But I thought it was, I just think there's a strange vibe to him. I don't know if the o playing in OKCI think that part's also weird where he is, you know the most popular OKC player ever. He leaves, they immediately replace him. Yeah. With a more popular player and a better team and you know it seems like he's got that even in the first couple games of series, I felt like he was really taking that personally. Now it he feels more like clipper series last year Train wreck Russ than additive Russ. The tricky thing with him is like you wanna give him credit and be forgiving of the energy he plays with, right?


Like he is attacking these possessions in ways that is like undeniable and is is valuable in series like the Clippers one at points in this series as well. But you're seeing a weird tension point with him specifically with the thunder where the thunder wanna get out and run so badly and Russell Westbrook wants to both drive and hit the offensive glass so badly Available. Well and he's going and he'll miss a lot of those opportunities And granted those are opportunities he's creating out of thin air with effort. But then he ends up on the ground and two other nuggets are trying to hit the offensive glass and now all of a sudden you have three on one for the thunder going the other way. And so you have this like push and pull of yeah you want those energy and effort plays but maybe not all the time and maybe not consecutively like I think end Of the game was perfect when he, when he broke the press and that was the clinching play of the game basically That was big first quarter.


He comes in and there are like five straight ru possessions, turnovers, misses. I think you get to the free throw line one of those times. I Swear that's happened 10 times where for 90 seconds way it goes. It's the worst 90 seconds you've ever seen in your life. It's like four plays in a row where you're like, oh my god, yeah hit had four turnovers in two missed layups in this game in 16 minutes. You just have to Hope that it offsets at some point, right? That the other plays swing the other way and you get enough good rust to counteract the bad rust. But they're gonna have to ride him regardless. Like he's gonna have to play significant minutes in game seven. He is gonna play a role in game seven. Yeah. Hopefully he does a little bit better on balance than he did in this one because I thought, I thought this was a a rough rust performance. Okay C favored by eight in game seven.


The case for them in game seven if we're, if we're gonna play both sides, almost like how I would do for a football playoff game where I'm like all right if this team wins, here's how I think it goes. If this team wins this, how it's gonna go. V KC wins. Shaa will get his 31 to 33 figure a solid two. Very good Jalen Williams game somewhere in there. Che's probably in the 1911 range. Yeah, the key with game sevens and you saw it last round, there's always a weird guy, there's a Grant Williams sitting six threes, there's Christian Brown in game seven who just catches fire from three. There's always a role player who has an awesome game and OKC is a lot more candidates for this than Denver does.


I mean we could pick, you could go Lou Dort, you could go Caruso here. You can say Cason Wallace is gonna come in and hit five threes. It could be one of those dudes, they're up by 18, defense kicks in and they're just comfortably ahead. I think if Denver wins, it's the classic Yoic plays 44 minutes, they have the lead, most of the game they're up seven with you know, nine minutes left, they're rolling the ball in. He's just killing clock and he he does that thing. Yeah he, he's literally the best ever at it of I'm gonna kill, I'm just gonna shave seconds off this clock even before the 20. I'm gonna make this a 35 second possession with all the, I think Murray has to come through.


I think Brown needs to hit threes. Westbrook needs to be additive, not subtractive. I don't even, I'm not even gonna say we need a straw for Watson. I'm not expecting that. I don't think those guys show up. They need five guys and I think Westbrook has to be one of them. What do you, what do you think Five guys make sense? I could easily see this being a Denver game where only six players for the nuggets play considerable minutes. One of them, as you said, being Russ in addition to that starting five on OKCs side, like I, I am fascinated by the JW element. Like I think Cruso is someone I just don't bet against in games like this. Lou Dort I like, I really respect the way Lou Dort will fire. Like he's being challenged to hit shots that's gonna go whichever way it goes, whichever way the wind is blowing.


His confidence though does not get shaken and I think Oklahoma City needs some of that in this game seven. Like you're, I feel like part of the issue with JW and Chet both you're seeing, you've seen both of those guys over these last two games. Air ball threes like right bad, bad misses and you've seen a lot of thunder players up and down the up and down the rotation like Miss Dunks, miss Layups, like very makeable stuff for them. Of course if enough of those plays swing a game like they're gonna win a game like this one. But moreover like they just need guys who are gonna have nerves of steel. Like I trust Shay in those moments. I trust Lou Dorton Caruso in those moments. I trust Isaiah Hartenstein in those moments. I think like even though Yoic is like having a Nicole Yoic series, Oklahoma City just isn't in this at all.


I don't think without Hartenstein playing him defensively the way he is like wearing him down to the degree that one can has been so important. But like I think they just need that kind of nerve that you're gonna get from Jamal Murray. And on the Murray side, like I, he almost was a scratch on this game because of an illness. Is Jamal Murray feeling better in 48 hours or is he at the start of something that's gonna get worse in 48 hours or was Idea A big story? If I was a coach, I'd plant those. See I Jamal today. Yeah I know we'll sees game time and then Jamal's fine. Okay. He certainly looks fine. He's, you be Jamal, he is not gonna play. Yeah, I know you said Chet's not guarding Yoic but I still feel like he's one of the two people guarding yo even though that he's not guarding, you know what I mean?


Yes. Yeah, for sure. He's, They're basically double and Caruso is the other one and those three and then there's the 10 Jalen Williams minutes. So I think, I think Jalen Williams has out kicked his coverage in this series done pretty well. It's been pretty solid. Yeah, been a little feisty. One of the things with the game seven, you know some guys just, they just shrink from the moment and it usually happens with the younger teams or the role players or like even, I know it wasn't a game six yesterday, it was a game or not a game seven, it was a game five. But the role players can go sideways. Like you have like the stru goes, oh for nine sure. Ty Jerome doesn't look like Ty Jerome anymore.


I, it's funny, it is funny hear some of the dialogue about that. I thought Indiana was just clearly better. It's like, well Cleveland had all these injuries. It's like, I dunno, did they like the role players fell apart? Were those guys hurt? That part was True. I think Darris Garland was definitely a little hampered but so they should lose in five and get killed in a couple of the games and just roll over at home in a must win Game. Like that's 'cause Garland's tow hurt. Like there was way deeper stuff going on with them and I thought Indiana kind of broke them as the series goes went along. Yeah, I think that has to be Denver's goal in Oklahoma City. It's a young team, can you break them? Can you make them doubt themselves? Can you be super physical with them and you have this just monolith at center who needs two guys to stop 'em at all times and can he just elevate everybody nothing against them.


That's Definitely the model. Yeah. Yeah. They're like the mental game has to be a huge portion of it for Denver. Like in a, in the case of a nuggets win, it is wearing them down. It is putting enough pressure on the thunder where they have that second or third quarter swoon where they just go completely off the rails. I just think with OKC that's pretty tough to do generally. Yeah. Unless you see kind of even in this game, like they weren't hitting shots but I thought they stuck to their process. I thought they kept executing on defense like they are who they are for a reason in terms of their dominant regular season and the nuggets who they are, who they are for a reason in terms of their ability to pull out series like this. And so like I, I think the Thunder are a tough team to take off the tracks. I think that there are gonna be times where yeah, they show their youth more than others.


I, I would be shocked if OKC gets like really shaken up to the point that they just fold. That just doesn't really seem to be in the DNA of this group. You know, when I went to that game for the Clippers series, which was just the best game I've seen in eight years in the Nuggets came out, it was clearly like a game seven for them and they had all these things they wanted do and one of them was Gordon was just gonna really, really attack Kauai 94 feet and was really agro physical and Yoic was just a maniac yelling at the refs. And I think if they come out that way, I think they can win. I think if Gordon comes out like I'm taking Jalen Williams out of this game, I think I can get new his head.


I think I can bang guys around. I think I can control the boards with Yoic. I think we can get the rebounding advantage. I think we can talk shit and you get Murray talking shit and I, I don't know, I I even though they were the champs two years ago instead of one year ago. It's, I hate playing teams that have been in a lot of games like this of course. So this is it. If Vote KC gets through this, they win the title. Nobody's that. I I just don't think anybody stops 'em if they win this game. I think that's what it's like. I'm not sure if Denver is definitively the second best team or not. You know, assuming the Oklahoma city is the best, like if these are the top two teams or not, but if Oklahoma City can survive this, they're unquestionably good enough to win it all. I mean I, I thought that regardless I picked them as the my, my choice to win the title coming in.


I maintain that. I think they will pull out game seven. But this is what you gotta do to do it. Like, I mean this is nut crunching time of the highest order a game seven against the nuggets and they're gonna have to prove it every possible way. Indiana versus OKC if that ends up being the finals, it's pretty good finals. I, I just, I would be thrilled. I love Indiana. I really think they know who they are and I think they're really hard to play and I think they would, they're not afraid of anybody. We'll see what happens with that.


This episode is brought to you by LinkedIn. Every basketball team that's still alive in the playoffs has one thing in common. There are key trades and signings throughout the season, paid off giving each team the talent needed to make a run at the championship. With a small business, your success directly depends on the new talent you add to your team. And a great place to find that talent is LinkedIn. They know hiring is a big deal for small businesses, not only because small business are wearing so many hats, but also because every hire is crucial for a growing company. That's why LinkedIn pairs you with the best candidates using data you won't find anywhere else from unique skills and interests to the connections you have in common. LinkedIn also lets you go beyond candidates who are actively applying in a given week. 171 million LinkedIn members aren't actively seeking jobs but they are open to new opportunities. That's a big pool to miss out on. So find your next great hire on LinkedIn. Post your job for free at LinkedIn dot com slash simmons. That's LinkedIn dot com slash simmons to post your job for free Terms and conditions apply.


This episode is brought to by better help. There's still a lot of stigma around mental health. Let's change that. This mental Health Awareness month. Let's encourage everyone to get support when they need it. And if you're not sure where to find that support, check out better help with a network of over 30,000 licensed therapists. They can help you find the right fit. We're all better with help. Visit better help.com/ Bill Simmons to get 10% off your first month. That's better help hlp do com slash Bill Simmons.


Alright, audible quickly to Celtic Knicks. Yeah, how are you feeling tomorrow night? So, you know, I I potted with Jacob right after the game and then I, I zoomed through the game this morning and it was really interesting how different the Celtics were without Tatum. You know, when you, when you remove like all the points and the fact that he was the best rebounder on the team and he had the ball so much how they kind of changed their style to play without him. Which I think I realized when I was watching real time but I didn't really catch until I watched it again. They just played with more pace and it was intentional. There was more cutting and they did some stuff that I think is bad for the Knicks defensively.


'cause I don't think the Knicks, I don't think towns wants to run back. I don't think he wants to worry about fast breaks and I don't think people they wanna worry about back cutters and all the stuff the Seltz were doing. The the the amazing thing though is I just didn't know Jalen Brown had that game in him. That was awesome. Like basically doing a Tatum impersonation but a, a little bit better in some ways. 'cause he, he brought the ball up faster. I think t the biggest fault I think everyone has with Tatum is he's very deliberate and he'll walk the ball up and he'll just decide what to do and there'll be eight seconds left in the shot shot clock and he'll get in the offense. The Celtics yesterday were like go, go go. Let's go, let's go, let's go. That was one thing and then the other thing was Zenga was just so bad, which we talked about last night and then you look at the stats for the series and he is played 82 minutes.


He's five field goals. Yeah he's like a minus 27 for 100 his rating. And he's such luggage that I think just not playing him. I feel bad for him. He is like Mozilla said he can't breathe. Yeah. But he kind needed to bottom out like this. He needed to be so bad that they had to take him out and they did and they benefited immediately from the Luke Cornet minutes. And even If they played cda, who I think I was talking to my dad about this today 'cause my dad likes Kada and Kada iss. You can only play him against certain teams but Mitchell Robinson is the type of senator you can play him against. That's fair. He needs to be against big guys that are near the basket. 'cause that's what he is good at. He is got long arms and he can defend the rim. So I think if you replace the POIs minutes with Cornet and a little Cada, they're just better off from a math standpoint.


And then if they keep playing with Pace, you know, then you're putting at least some pressure on the Knicks. Right. Because the, the real thing is the Knicks aren't playing well the fallen band 14 in every game. I I looked it up. Bridges has zero free throws in the series is shooting 39%. OJ hasn't done anything in four games. Town says two threes the whole series. Right. Brunson and Hart and Robinson are the guys playing the best for them, but they're the door's open. So if the Seltz can play with Pace and hang around maybe would it, how do you see it? I, I appreciate you talking yourself into it. I'm not talking about myself into it. I'm talking myself into the case for it. Okay. That makes sense.


Cada is not gonna save you. Like I, I wanna, I wanna put that off to the side right now. Like over The corpse of Pingus. I think the answer is neither. I think to me the takeaway from this last game was they just need to be comfortable with some of those smaller looks like the three guards plus Jalen Brown. Yes. Plus one of the bigs. That was a pretty successful formula. And so as much as you can stretch those guys out and that's gonna be a lot of Rob, Rob we knew we knew this before the series. It's gonna be a good lineup. We knew the two bigs maybe was a mistake. Yeah, it, I think it Works sometimes but not others. Not In the series. Yeah. This is not the time for it unfortunately. So yeah, I think like whoever between Horford and Cornett is kind of better in that moment for the lineups on the floor. That's all great. And then otherwise you're just trying to stretch out the guard minutes as much as you possibly can.


You're also hoping for another like Derek White explosion, which he's certainly capable of and is, is just one of the best shooters in the league. So I'm never gonna put that past him. But the combination of Incendiary Derek White game, one of the best two-way games we've seen from Jalen Brown in quite some time. A good Peyton Pritchard game, a great Luke Cornet game. Like that's a lot of ifs that have already been stacked on top of each other. An awesome just To awesome Drew Holiday second half. Yeah, like the the best. He's looked in a while. Yeah, they, they had a lot of guys playing really well for sure. But the Knicks have a lot of guys not playing well and that's the case. It's like, hey these guys are trying to give us the series. They keep, they we keep taking 14 point plus leads on them every game.


Like let's just kind of bang it home. Yeah. White's not gonna go seven for 13 again, can they patch together? Poor Zingus played 12 minutes. So CoreNet's gonna get those 12 minutes. Yeah. If he gets in any foul trouble, tired, whatever, then you're looking at Horford. If Horford looks tired then some Cada is some backup I think over Pingus. Yeah, I think K's gotta be out of there. I don't think they can win the game unless Jalen plays close to where he was in game five. Yes. I think that's the one necessity. It's Incredibly hard to do. Like he played with the level of calm and precision that is not a staple of his game. Did you think he had that in him? Because I did not.


I've Never, I mean we've obviously never seen that level of playmaking from him before. This is a career high. So the, the high water market is there. But just in terms of the way you approached it, as you described, where there's like an urgency to the way he's playing. There's a force to the way he's playing but he never, he really never felt out of control. No. And the tatu contrast that you highlight I think is really interesting. 'cause you're right that he can be a little deliberate and when you're winning, when you're run going to titles, when you're having an incredible regular season, that deliberate pace feels like confidence. And when you're frittering away leads or you're blowing these games against the Knicks, it feels a little too delicate. It feels like a little too indulgent in terms of getting the offense set up. Like sometimes you just have to get out there and play and flow and you have to understand that like with where the Celtics are, they can't leave anything out there.


Like they can't leave anything on the floor as far as like options, easy baskets, quick transition, like quick striking plays. They need all of that shit. Yeah. And so like they have to go fast and they have to play some more offensive oriented lineups relative to the two big stuff that we were talking about. Like they have to have that sort of Jalen Brown and I clearly he's capable of it, but asking him to do all of that again is a lot. I just wanna say that. Well and to rebound like that in game five. 'cause that's the other way the the ways this goes wrong is the Knicks control the boards. One of the two guards get some foul trouble bridges. Orain and Obby. Yes. Catch Fire offensively at least a little bit. I don't know if town's the, the rumor is that his hands hurt and that's why he's not shooting threes.


But town's having two threes in five games in the series is just weird. Yeah. He was somebody that routinely would have two to four makes in a, in a playoff game and now he doesn't make anything. So, and there's, there's a Deuce McBride coming in and you Know, I thought those are really good deuce minutes, honestly. Yeah. Like and they, he's good, they desperately needed that. He's had some real cold stretches in these playoffs and so getting some positive momentum for Deuce, another team that just like needs rotation players in the worst way and one of them is Mitchell Robinson who is in some cases getting fouled on the floor, fouled off the floor in some cases going six of six from the line. We salute you Mitch, you know. Amazing. They're desperate for bodies.


Yeah. My dad said yesterday, my dad was there and he said the crowd was just awesome and Jalen Brown said that after the game he, he said he thought it was like one of the best crowds of the year. Yeah. And it really meant a lot to them that instead of being like, oh, this season's over Tatum's hurt, all these people showed out and we're like, we're not losing. And they really fed off that. And that's what ha when you have this series and the, the generations of fans that both teams have, you would think the same crowd would be there for the Knicks. But the stakes are a little different. The Celtics won the title last year. The Knicks haven't really had anything good happen to them since 1999. And you know, this is, this would be a catastrophic three one loss to be up Oh completely.


With the best player in the other team going out. Everybody's already saying in the next round, all of a sudden it falls apart. Game five now in game six, you're down to eight. That the energy of the crowd will be really interesting. I think the crowd will be great, but it's also, I think It's gonna be insane. It's gonna get super nervous if Yeah. This is actually a game. I, I agree with that. And you, you can see that look from a Celtics perspective, this game five, you're coming off of this catastrophic franchise altering injury. Yeah. There is a little bit of like a, a, a pride that kicks in an adrenaline that kicks in a collectivism of like, you gotta go out and like make your make your group proud and your fans and your city, however you far you wanna understand. Yeah. Not in our house. Not in our house. It's, it's a moment, right?


Like the response game after the Tatum injury is a moment. Now that energy has dissipated. You let down a little bit. You, you did the thing where you, you proved everybody wrong. You had this impressive game. Do it again at MSG. I think it's gonna be just incredibly challenging. I think that place is gonna be rocking. I fully expect, like I fully expect the Knicks to win it, to be honest with you. I just think that, yeah, they're good enough. I think they will get enough from the OG Mikhail combo. Or if you wanna extend it again, OG MHA, Josh Hart, like kind of two of those three guys have to have some kind of offensive game for them to win usually. And I, I think they're gonna get it in this one. The counter is the last six halves we've played. The Nicks have played one good half, right game four, second half.


They were incredible. I mean that's in the running for best half anyone's played in the playoffs. I think they were 30 for 45. Yeah. Shooting. Like they were just lights out flame shooting outta their ass. They were awesome. So they have it in them. You didn't think their First, like the first half of game five? I thought they were pretty good. Yeah, they're pretty good. But it's, you know, it's when Josh Hart's making threes, I, it's, it's like, okay, I mean sometimes you lose because Josh Hart made three. That's Know, it's just like, come you, I was happy every time he took a three. I'd never thought they were going good, but I thought game four, they were just getting every shot they wanted. The ball was moving and the crowd was like just electric. Like the Celtics.


People forget 'cause Tatum got hurt, but they, they were about to go down nine in that game. They lost that game when Tatum was incredible. Tatum was on his way to a 50 point game and they were gonna lose anyway. Yeah. So do the Knicks have that again in them? My guess would be between game six and game seven, they're probably gonna have, they probably have one good game left than them do. I think Jalen Brown could do that two more times. That seems more farfetched. It does seem more farfetched. Like I think anybody would love to see it. Just in terms of any great player reaching those kinds of heights again and again and again as the games increase in stakes, as it becomes harder and harder to do it. Like that would be a Jalen Brown coronation moment for a guy who just came off of finals.


MVP. Like that would be incredible. I just don't see it. I don't, I don't think he has that much in the cards. Can I, can I make the case? I, I would assume you would. I don't know if I see it either. But here's the case. Okay. And I followed him for nine years and I really do think he cares about all this stuff and cares about his place in the hierarchy and really is one of those, I'm not appreciated enough. People don't realize how good I am. And he won the awards last year and even then it was like he didn't make the Olympic team, you know, Kauai got sent home. They called in Derek White. It's, there's always a lack of respect thing with him, which I think is somewhat genuine. It's Tatum's, team Tatum gets introduced last Tatum gets hurt season's over.


And I think the guy that I saw in game five was like, you know, and I, Tatum and Brown love each other. Like it has nothing to do with the injury. It's just like, this is my team too. I'm gonna fucking protect our house. I really felt that in that game. Can you keep it going for two more days? I have two more games. I don't know. But you know, he, we do The Ringer 100, he's always in the top 25. It's not like he's chopped liver. Like he's a really good player. He is an all star and he's somebody that is capable of having games like he had in game five. I've never seen him be that patient, be that good with the ball. Like he only had two turnovers. He actually could dribble the whole game, which was uncharacteristic.


He really led the offense and it was like a side that I just, you see it sometimes when they'll rest hate him and it's like, oh, Jalen Brown gets his own game and he gets to like run the offense. Yeah. But you know, if you're talking about guys who have the most to gain in the playoffs the rest of the way, if he could somehow bring the Celtics back and beat the Knicks, like this would be, people would think of him in a totally different way. I think. I agree. I would agree with that. And I think as far as like bigger statements go too, Jason Tatum has a long road ahead of him in terms of his rehab and the Celtics have a lot of decisions to make as far as what this team is gonna look like during his absence. If they need to make radical changes sooner than later, obviously. But Then it's the dark places Rob Understandably.


Like it forces you to ask some really difficult questions about the construction of the team. If those questions start from a place of, holy shit, Jalen Brown just did something we didn't even know he could do. He occupied a role for our team. We didn't even know he was doing at that level, that consistently, okay then, then we're, we're getting, getting rid of some of the darkness. You know, we're staving off a little bit of it, right? I think a lot of those questions still remain, but they become a little bit simpler. I said that to Jacoby last night and I really meant it. He was so good in that game yesterday that I think it reminded people. 'cause the instinct when Tatum goes out and you think next year is done and just like, all right, maybe it's time to trade Jaylen Brown and break it up and you know, try to do the quick rebuild for a year and then Tatum comes back.


But then you watch him in a game like that last night, it's like, I don't wanna trade that guy. No, this is, you know, one of the best 20 to 25 players in the league and he is in his prime where, what are we trading him for? Three quarters in the dollar. Why would we do that? Then the other thing, and this is what I mean by dark places, researching Achilles surgery and all the different times. And if you, if you do it in the morning, it might add three months, really might shave three months off your recovery, which is what they did. They did the surgery in the morning. Wait In the morning it shaves time off your recovery. Yeah. 'cause the whole, I guess the whole mindset, and I think this is, somebody did this, maybe it was Kobe, but they found out about it. It's before the swelling kicks in.


If you do it as interest, as close as possible to when the injury happens, it saves three months of rehab. So they went, they sprung the next day, three months. I'm telling you, does it affected if Mercury is in retrograde? Like I, I think there's a lot of conditional factors here. We're ignoring, I, I dunno what to tell you Rob. You didn't have to get on a plane. It's bad to fly before the surgery. Sure. It's bad to go up and down. That makes sense. And the longer between the injury, when you have the surgery, there's less blood in your leg and then it gets swells up. So anyway, they did it in the morning and they felt really good about it and now they're thinking like, shit, maybe he can be back in in February. This could be a nine month injury.


I will believe, believe that when I see it, that's ambitious. I feel the same way. Yeah. But I think the difference with him and like Kobe Bryant and Aaron Rogers and some of these other people is he's 27 years old. He is in the prime of his career. He is gonna heal faster. Yeah. And they really do feel like they did everything. They got the best possible doctor. They did the surgery within 12 hours of the injury and they feel like it, it went as well as it possibly could have gone. So who knows? So all you can ask for, so if you're thinking like, and this guy's also a maniac, like he will, you know, they're gonna have to like stop him from going too far and go going too hard and trying to rehab too hard. Sure. So anyway, if you feel like, hey, can we hang around in the east, which is gonna suck and could he be 90% of what he was in April?


And you know, I, I don't Know. I don't think he's gonna be 90% of what he was in April. I think. Listen, I think that's true. That's too much to put on him. I think you're right. But where I was yesterday versus where I was today at least I'm like, hey, maybe he'll be back in April. That yesterday I was like, my whole decade's over. You're right. What are we gonna do? We're trying, we're getting rid of everybody. So I don't know, it's, it's still as bleak as it could possibly be, but it's not, you know, when I hear nine months versus 18 months, I'm like, okay, It's true. We got you off the ledge. I can't also like knock the drink out of your hand. You know, like we're, we're just trying to cope here ultimately. And I, I I support you in that Effort. Yesterday was hard. Yesterday was a harsh day 'cause there was no information.


Yeah. And then it's like, is this worse? Is it like torn ankle ligaments and Achilles? It was just not great.


This episode is brought to you by Michelob Ultra. What do I look forward to every NBA playoffs season? Well, I'm always hoping the Celtics do well. I'm always hoping we have great storylines, great games, great matchups, great games sevens, I just hope for good basketball. But the NBA playoffs, they're even better with Michelob Ultra, the official beer partner of the nba. Plus they're getting fans closer to the game with a chance to win courtside tickets and more. Enter now at michelob bocher.com/courtside. MLO Belcher superior access Courtside 2024 to 25 sweepstakes, no purchase necessary open to US residents. 21 or older ends on July 1st, 2025, multiple entry periods. Visit mic low belcher.com/superior access slash courtside for free Entry. Entry deadlines and official rules message and data rates may apply void where prohibited.


This episode is presented by State Farm on the basketball court. The best players know when to pass and off the court. You still need teammates who are there when accounts. That's where State Farm comes in with agents to help you find coverage that's right for you. You can focus on what really matters, whether that's hitting game winners or just getting through the day Like a good neighbor. State Farm is there. State Farm coverage Options are selected by the customer. Availability and eligibility vary by state


before we go. Do you feel better worse than the same about the Minnesota Timberwolves? I think mostly the same. Oddly enough, yeah. Look, anytime you're getting to the conference finals, especially in consecutive seasons, that's an incredible accomplishment that has nothing to scoff at. They did it by being the wolves in every possible respect. Completely overwhelming in some moments, like completely baffling in other ones. And I say that, you know Julius Randall included as part of that, even though he may well be the best player in the world or the second best behind ant in some moments, those guys are capable of incredible mistakes and miscues and passes that don't make any sense. They're also capable of just bullying you and overwhelming you with scoring and collectively as a group, like their defensive acuity and the precision and the effort that they play with.


I'm so impressed by, hmm, I I so I would say like I was kind of feeling this way about them down the stretch of the regular season. They're like, okay, they were really pulling together. Julius Randall, this has been a, a building momentum now for a couple of months consecutively. And so they've been that kind of team. The question is, are they gonna play the kind of opponent where all of those mistakes are gonna catch up to them? And this is something we were talking about on group chat too, where it's like they kind of know how to play the nuggets. I'm not so convinced they know how to play the thunder. And so the fact that this thing is going to a game seven and will be a quick turnaround into a series for them, they're, they could have to solve like figure out how to address OKC very quickly. Hmm. I feel slightly better because of Randall's now put together a little resume here.


It's Tremendous. What's crazy is like during the Laker series and I went to a couple of those games and he was doing really well in the Laker series and it's like, ah, well it makes sense. You know LeBron LeBron's 40, they don't really have a backup but you like he was kind of attacking sometimes it was small guys was Yes. Team was a good matchup for him. Yeah. And then you watch Golden State, you know Draymond was guarding him. Yeah. We just saw what Draymond did to like opera and Shang goon and locked him up. Right. I threw away the key. I don't dunno if I've seen somebody that comfortable against Draymond, It was alarming, honestly. And Then they're throwing Kaing at him all, but he just had his way. So then you start thinking, okay, so what's the bad matchup for him?


Because it seems like he's bully balling basically everybody who is from six nine and under. So then I start thinking about them against OKC. I guess they would go double bigs maybe. Maybe. Maybe They'd throw Hartenstein on him. That would be fascinating. I think they could probably get away with that in that matchup. Right. Just feels like Rudy and Chet feels more viable. And then obviously for Denver, like I think Aaron Gordon is a pretty good physical matchup, but You that's probably the best for him. Yeah. But as You just alluded to, Draymond's a pretty good physical matchup and he was just getting blown off his spot every time Julius dipped that shoulder and was just getting right into the lane, getting to easy. Looks like the combination for Julius Randall and this has always been in his game. He was just doing a lot of wayward things and taking a lot of bad shots that were counteracting this stuff.


Yeah. He's Nim He's nimble in a way that basically no one is strong as him is on office. Like the way he's able to move and change directions very quickly in addition to being that burley. Right. An incredibly rare combination to have short of like LeBron James. Well the other thing that's happened there was always a weird ah, should nas Reed be getting these minutes over him and what's their best lineup? And then that kind of shook out organically, I think over the last month. And now Na, NAZ Reed is a bench player again. And Randall and Gobert and the fact that they can keep Gobert on the court. We'll see if they're able to do that against OKC, but I don't know, they're really good. They're, they're quite good. I'll say one thing with one thing with Edwards, he will feel like he's the best player in an OKC series even if Shaa is the MVP of that series.


So Very true. You know, I do wonder are they one of those teams that just kind of ebbs and flows with the opponent very possible. So it's like, oh, we're gonna be Golden State, you know, they lose game one, which, and they stunk. Yeah. Right. I think that's Point is, is game one and maybe it's like Steph leaving kind of takes the air out of it for them, but they weren't playing particularly well when Steph was in that game. Yeah, I don't know. I I do think there is some of that, right. I I think it's true of a lot of teams, especially one that's as like Minnesota, we don't think of as a young team, but there are a lot of players in that group that are still relatively earlier in their careers that are quite emotional as players that you could see the a let, like the letdown of having Steph taken off the floor or having a subpar opponent change the way that they think about attacking or, or kinda just like put the back on their heels a little bit where they're not quite going as hard as they need to.


That's a group that has to go full bore to be as dominant as they ultimately wanna be. And as we've seen them be at their best moments in these playoffs, Did your Butler Butler stock drop for you a little bit? Game three was his game and they couldn't steal it and that felt like he threw all his eggs into that basket and then he was a no show in the last two. It's another one of those like what do we expect? You know, like he, he kind of is this guy where he doesn't wanna have to score 30. He, that's not the way he would prefer to play basketball. And so when he's kind of forced to kicking and screaming, dragged into it, He can't just do it game after game after game. And we saw even in his best case scenario, by the end of that game, he was kind of outta steam. Like he didn't really have what it took to finish it.


It's, it's hard work putting up 30 plus and closing and, and bring like every crucial basket down the stretch. Specifically in, in a game like that where the Golden State role players weren't exactly all carrying their end of the bargain either. And so Jimmy Butler is a great second best player on a team behind Steph. Like a great match, A great fit. I think they're gonna be in a great position going into next season. They need to make some, some like minor addresses to the rotation, ultimately get another team that needs a couple of more rotation worthy guys. But I love the way Jimmy Butler fits. I just don't love him as the defining option of a team without Steph. Well the good news for them Comea now is signing trade potential. It's the one win of the playoffs for them.


They now know they can trade him for something. You think there's like enough proof of concept there for somebody to, to bite? He Like yesterday he had, yeah he had like 23 points in 29 minutes. You know, put him, put him on some of those teams in the east and just kind of let 'em loose and yeah, I don't know. I would take a chance if you're a GM of like, let's say you're the Pistons gm, you're like, we don't have a, you know, we're probably not gonna get a massive free agent, but could we get one more scoring forward? Or like you're Charlotte or you're the wizards like, you know, the east, I mean this is a whole other story though. The what's going if Giannis gets traded to the west, this is another thing with Tatum, like can Tatum come back in April?


The east is gonna be awful. It's gonna be like Indiana and New York. That's it. It's be nobody else. Maybe Orlando definitely tipping, maybe Detroit. It's a nightmare. I mean you're seeing Indiana New York seizes on these opportunities, right? Right. And there's gonna be another version of that next year when somebody else gets injured or as you're saying, like maybe the Celtics will be at the highest end of that mix. Maybe they won't. I like, I I get why somebody would talk themselves into Minga. I think you, you phrased it the right way. It's, are you looking for a scoring forward? Because if you're looking for an athletic do it all forward, you're gonna end up with a guy who's gonna average like 16 and a half points and get two rebounds a game despite the fact that he's six eight and should be able to out jump everybody. Right. But just does not.


So if you can calibrate your expectations accordingly that he will run the floor and run some possessions and put up some points for you. I think Minga can absolutely be that guy. Can he be anything else? I remain a little unconvinced The case against him and I think that's a strong case is he put up stats and they got their asses kicked in those games. It often happens unfortunately. It's like, alright, he was out there a lot and they were losing by 10 to 15 every game. Yeah, maybe that's something. All right, so your pick for OKC Denver is okc. I'm gonna take OKC as much as it pains me again to vote, to pick against Yoic, pick against Aaron Gordon and Jamal Murray. Like those are guys that you wanna ride or die with in games like this. But I think the Thunder have enough and I think we're gonna see it.


We're gonna get a moment from them in response. I'm gonna make a rare semi cop out, but not totally prediction. Are you allowed to Do that? OKC either wins by 15. Okay. Or Denver wins. That's two Different predictions, but I'm, I think it's one or the other. I don't think it's like a close game that Okay. I think OKC either comfortably wins and I think it's close. I think Denver wins win. So kind of be a Celtic situation. Like, you know, if if it's close, the Knicks have won those games and if this game is close, the nuggets would win this game, you're saying? Yeah, that's what I'm saying. I I could absolutely see it. I mean, Nicole Yoki and Crunch time is as good as it gets. Who are we to stand in the way of Aaron Gordon and won more potential game winner.


Clearly he has it in him. Think I'm really gonna miss Yoic. My daughter was asking 'cause I was rooting for Denver and she's like, what'd you bet on Denver? And I was like, I didn't bet on this series. I don't need to bet on Yoki. It just, you bet your heart. It's just my heart. He has the nuggets have my heart. I don't need, don't need to have money on them. I just want them to win. I like watching them. I don't want them to go away yet. I really enjoy it. They might not, you know, we, we maybe have more Nicola Yogic left in this run. I like watching him unlock this fucking hornet's nest defense of multiple bigs throwing at him and these little gnats coming behind him and him just trying to navigate it and figure out what to do. I'm gonna miss it. All right. Rob Mahoney, when's your next podcast? God, I don't even know. I think we're delayed. 'cause normally we do group chat on Saturday nights The Rare, our first no playoff game day this coming Saturday.


So we're moving our group chat to Monday. Wow. We Met out for that. We up to spend time with our loved ones. I don't even know how to do that anymore. Jesus. I'm a, I'm a shell of a human being, but I'm gonna try to drag myself out of my apartment. What's your number one TV show right now? I think it's still the last of us right now. Although poker face is coming in quite strong. I'm enjoying the start of that. Oh, okay. Poker face. Yeah. There you go. All right. Rob Mahoney, great to see you. Thanks to everybody who hung out with us on the YouTube stream and thanks to Gau, Eduardo as well. And I will see you on Sunday with Illa. We're going live after the OKC game. Thank you Rob. Thank you everybody. Thanks Bill.


Must be 21 plus in President select states for Kansas and affiliation with Kansas Star Casino or 18 plus in president dc. Gambling problem. Call 100 GAMBLER. Visit rg help.com. Call 1 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org/chat in Connecticut. Or visit md gambling help.org in Maryland. Hope is here. Visit gambling helpline ma.org or call 803 2 7 50 50 for twenty four seven. Support Massachusetts. Or call 1 8 7 7 8 Hope NY or Text HOPE NY in New York.


This episode is brought to you by Michelob Ultra. What do I look forward to every NBA playoffs season? Well, I'm always hoping the Celtics do well. I'm always hoping we have great storylines. Great games, great matchups, great game sevens. I just hope for good basketball. But the NBA playoffs, they're even better with Michelob Bocher, the official beer partner of the nba. Plus they're getting fans closer to the game with a chance to win courtside tickets and more. Enter now at michelob bocher.com/courtside. Michelob belcher's peer access Courtside 2024 to 25 sweepstakes no purchase necessary. Open to US residents. 21 or older ends on July 1st, 2025, multiple entry periods. Visit mic low belcher.com/superior access slash courtside for free. Entry. Entry. Deadlines and official rules, message and data rates may apply void where prohibited.


This episode is brought to you by LinkedIn. Every basketball team that's still alive in the playoffs has one thing in common. Their key trades and signings throughout the season paid off giving each team the talent needed to make a run at the championship. With a small business, your success directly depends on the new talent you add to your team. And a great place to find that talent is LinkedIn. They know hiring is a big deal for small businesses, not only because small businesses are wearing so many hats, but also because every hire is crucial for a growing company. That's why LinkedIn pairs you with the best candidates using data you won't find anywhere else from unique skills and interests to the connections you have in common. LinkedIn also lets you go beyond candidates who are actively applying in a given week. 171 million LinkedIn members aren't actively seeking jobs, but they are open to new opportunities. That's a big pool to miss out on. So find your next great hire on LinkedIn. Post your job for free at LinkedIn dot com slash simmons. That's LinkedIn dot com slash simmons to post your job for free terms and conditions apply.