
What's happening, it's Todd McShay and I'm back with a new home and a new show at The Ringer and Spotify, the McShay Show. It's a video and audio podcast coming to you year round with all my NFL draft information, big boards, mock drafts and player movement. Plus I'll be chatting with some of my best friends in football, including some of your favorite football analysts. During the week, we'll have episodes on Tuesdays and Thursdays. That'll include discussions about my player rankings, who's rising, who's falling, and who your NFL team should be keeping an eye on. Plus, we'll be reacting each week to the college football playoff polls and giving you previews and picks for each Saturday slate. In addition, I'll have episodes on Saturday nights with my immediate reaction to the full day in college football every week.


So if you love the college game, the NFL, the draft or all of it like me, make sure to like, follow, subscribe, and get ready for the McShay Show on The Ringer, Spotify, and wherever you watch or listen to podcasts.


This episode of The Bill Simmons Podcast is brought to you by RayBan Meta Smart Glasses built with meta ai. RayBan meta smart glasses react to what you see so you can learn more about the world around you. you can also take hands free photos, videos, send messages, make video calls, even play music and podcasts straight from your glasses with Ray Band Meta.


This episode is brought to you by Mick Loeb ULTRA, the NB a's back. And you know what that means? So is Mick Loeb ULTRA courtside. It gets fans closer to the game, the stories, the players, the celebrations, and it's a pretty damn good beer. Stock up your fridge with Mick low B ULTRA and be ready for the big plays all season long. Learn negative. Get closer to the action by visiting mlo b ULTRA dot com slash courtside. MLO b ULTRA superior access Courtside 24 25 sweepstakes, no purchase necessary. Open to us residence 21 plus begins on 10. 1 24 goes through 7 1 25. Visit mick locher.com/courtside for free Entry, entry D deadlines and official rules void. We're prohibited.


We're also brought to you by The Ringer Podcast Network. I have a new episode of the re watchable is coming on Monday night. We did Meet the Parents. An absolute classic. It has really aged nicely. That will be up on Monday night and you can watch it on The Ringer movies YouTube channel as well. you can watch all the clips and videos from this podcast on the Bill Simmons YouTube channel and Cousin Sal Coming up in one second to break down everything we saw in a really, really fun action packed week 10 of the NF NFL season. We did this live on YouTube as we do every Sunday night. All you have to do is subscribe to the Bill Simmons channel and you can watch us do this podcast live or you can just listen to it to it the next day.


You do whatever you wanna do. But I'm gonna bring in Pearl Jam right now 'cause that's what I wanna do. Pearl Jam. All right. It is 8:43 PM Sunday night. Just watch Texans Lions. I'm here with the 47th president of the United States. Cousin. Sal. How are you? There's no way I won. I I know who my family voted for and it wasn't me.


It never is. We just watched an incredible game and I thought Collinsworth made the key point and he sniffed it out in the third quarter and said he did that H Al I I'm just telling you, if the lions could figure this out, this is the kind of game that tells you what kind of, you know, he just did that whole thing and he was right. 'cause I was thinking the same thing. If they, all the shit that happened, golf throws five picks basically in the first two and a half quarters of the game. And if you can come back on the road and win that game, I think that means something more than the game. Right. That was the takeaway. Oh, I thought the point he made that was valid was if there was just one more coat of paint on those goal posts.


We're going over time, Mike, you know that's true. Come on one more. One more bank. No, they were, they ran against them, right? I mean they, they have the fastest runners in the what what what's interesting is it seemed like, and I think it was those red uniforms, didn't it? Didn't they seem faster? the Texans like yeah, this is a little bit of like a flash thing. Like Oh wow, they're wearing the red uniforms, they're faster than us tonight, let's give up. But you're right. If they had just gone to the running game for most of the game, it wouldn't have been close at the end. It was very similar to what was happening to them early in the season. Like they had that one game where golf threw the ball like almost 60 times and, and some people were out on the Detroit offense and I remember us talking about it. I was like, I still feel like they just have to remember what kind of team they are.


And then this game, it was the same thing. They're chucking the ball around. Goff didn't have it and, and I just kept, the running game wasn't great in the first and half quarters, but it's like just they don't have Willie Anderson just run the ball, stick with it, stick with it, play action. And, and they were able to turn around. But the bigger thing is Houston didn't score again in the second half. There's a bunch of bad advanced metrics with them in the second halves of these games. You know, Nico Collins got scratched pretty late, right? Seemed like he was playing. It was scratched late enough that I think a lot of people like me and one of my league started him in fantasy and then all of a sudden he was gone. But they gotta fix that. I still like that Houston team though. Like I, well here, yeah.


Here's the thing. No, I, first of all, yes I say the Lions could have won and put it, not put it away, but they could have been in this much earlier than just the final kick to take the lead. But man, if Stroud hits Dell, I mean he is open for 17 seconds and he lost it. It's intercepted by Carlton Davis, so that sucked. But yeah, I like this team too. And, guess what? They could rest Stroud for a month. He could go whatever he, he can, he can go to France if he wants 'cause he's up against Will Levi Mac Jones and Joe Flacco or Anthony Richardson. So yeah, I like that. I don't do I like 'em as a one seed. No, but they'll they'll be fine in the playoffs I think. Yeah. Even you look at their losses, Minnesota killed them.


Green Bay beat him by two and that was a neither. Or Game Jets beat him on a Thursday night, which was another one that it felt like they were gonna win the game and Garrett Wilson made that crazy catch. Right? And then in this game they were in it and it just, it felt a little self-inflicted to me. You know, I know they didn't have Nico Collins, but I, the Stroud pass so bad, bad. It was just didn't ex like he sailed it up there like there was nobody within 30 yards of Dell and meanwhile the safety comes flying over. But even if he had sailed it toward the corner of the end zone, it just, when that happened I was like, holy shit. The lions might have a chance. 'cause I was nephew Kyle six pilsners in could have made that throw.


I'm telling you right now that that was, yeah, I don't know what, what happened there. And I, I think the game plan should be, hey, if we get 30 we win. Right? Right. If you're Dko Ryans, but they hadn't figured out how to get those extra seven, yeah, I'd like Stroud, but you know, he kind of needs one of these games. He needs one of these tight games against a really good team. Make a couple plays moments. I was looking up some of the stuff from this game and first of all, has anyone ever thrown five interceptions in a game and then won the Super Bowl? What do you think the answer is to that? Because actually researched this. Oh wow. Good for you. Same season.


Yeah. I figured out a way to research this and I think I, I think I nailed it correctly. Well it wasn't Tony Romo who was one of two guys who threw five interceptions wasn't game game. Yeah. Was it 1970 Cols or something? No. So the two I found, and maybe there are more than this, but Terry Bradshaw did it in the 79 Steelers and then Jim Plunkett in 1980 Raiders. Wow. So back to back years in general. I was looking up, I I went on this interception deep dive because when we were growing up, quarterbacks threw interception. It's like Steve Grogan had three, five interception games before I turned 10 years old. Yeah. You know, and, and I was looking at like the 19, I think 77 season brand.


Tarin led the league with 32 picks. 1978. Stabler was second with 30 and eight other guys had at least 20. This is just what we grew up with. The ball would sail around like it's bizarre. Bizarre because they definitely didn't, they definitely didn't pass as much, right? No, they weren't dropping back as much. But think about it, like receivers going over the middle, you could decapitate them, right? Quarterbacks you could dive at their legs, you could close on them. So they, they're just flinging the ball up trying to get rid of it. Joe Piic was 10 12 tds 23 picks. Kenny Anderson was 10 tds 22 picks. Steve Berg was eight tds 22 picks on and on and on to throw five picks. Now you really have to put some thought and time and some shitty energy into it.


So hey, there was like, how many picks the record? Seven. Like Ty Detmer did it only like two other. So you know, there was a moment there where it was like, whoa, what happens if he gets to six it's gonna get there. Right. Do they pull him? Yeah, but he righted the ship. Like he, he kind of persevered through it. Yeah, he had plenty of opportunities and yeah, he had what more than he had all of last year. Right. So I'm not sure that takes something a little bit out of the MVP running but didn't say we were making fun of PFF 'cause they had him 22 out of 32 for quarterbacks. Yeah. Like this guy never throws an incomplete pass how Right. Who's who are the 21 ahead of 'em and then it's like, oh boy, interception after interception. Maybe they were gonna save that for next weeks.


So Yeah. But yeah, it could come back for the Lions. They, they, they may just have that swagger. It just might be their year at least in the NFC well in the A FC Houston drops to six and four, but you know, who cares? They're, they're gonna be the four seed. Yeah. I don't see any scenario where Indianapolis or Jacksonville or Tennessee to even sniffs them so they have time to figure it out. And I, I didn't change my opinion on where I thought Houston might be when they get Collins back and they get Will Anderson back. Like, I wanna see this team in mid-December with like two, three weeks left in this season, like right around Christmas. Let's really take a look at them because I, I think they could hang with Casey, Buffalo, Pittsburgh, Baltimore.


I think they could play with any of those teams, you know? Yeah, I agree. So we'll see. I I just would, let's not do what we did last year. Like we fall in love with the six seed or whoever it was. Was it Cleveland last year? Did you have the Houston over Cliff? Did you have them? Because I, that was my, I had a pretty good playoffs last year and that was one of my huge regrets. Black ogan, whoever when he got annihilated. Well we won't have to worry about Flaco, but let's try to, we won't have to worry about Flaco. There's some, the a FFC playoffs stuff we talked about our Houston's probably the four seed, which is gonna, I think put them against Pittsburgh or B or Baltimore, whoever does it win that division the way it's lining up now or Pittsburgh seven and two and Baltimore seven and three and a, a good team and probably the five seed, unless the chargers just keep kicking everyone's ass chargers are six and three.


So we basically, if KC beats Buffalo next week, they basically have the one seed locked up, right. Because they'll have a a two game lead over or three game lead over Buffalo plus they beat 'em. They'll have a two game lead over Pittsburgh and then a three game lead over Baltimore. if you do the rankings now or the matchups now it'd be Buffalo two against seven C Denver. They would get in which yeah, I just, they're five and five nobody there. That's the, there's seven teams that have a tire winning record. Number three Pittsburgh against number six chargers and then number four Houston Baltimore. But AFCs kind of fun. I was looking at it, I was like, huh.


The big one. I think you bring up a good point with the, with the the chiefs though. If they beat Buffalo and Buffalo next week, a lot of these teams, I mean how do you get up Houston for the last seven weeks with knowing like we got this eight and nine could get us the four CI really feel like eight and nine win wins that division at this point. Well I think you could think maybe we could catch the a FC North team and get the three seed. Yeah, maybe Buffalo. I mean Buffalo, this is another crazy thing that's happened through 10 weeks. Buffalo is a five game lead in AFCs. Yeah. I I mean that's like absurd. I've, I've never seen somebody lead by half as many games as the actual games played after your team might've done it a couple times.


Right. Think by November, by the middle of November. You don't think the Patriots had like a five book game league? Well you mentioned Kansas City. I don't know what to make of this season anymore. He, they're, they're nine and oh five of the wins. The was week one, the Ravens game where likely his foot's on the line, they beat the Bengals Burrow had the fumble, td the Bengals had a chance to ice the game. Didn't get a first down punted Chiefs hit a field goal at the end to have the Atlanta game where they got the fourth down stop when it seemed like Atlanta was gonna drive and get them. And they, and they gotta stop Last week the Bucks and OT were, it felt like if the Bucks went for two they were probably gonna win.


Yeah. And then this week where it seems like it's done. Yeah. And they blocked the field goal and they, and they beat the Broncos by two in a game that was dead. Even statistically when you're watching it, it felt like the Broncos were gonna win. I thought the Broncos slightly outplayed 'em and now they're nine an Oh. And IIII don't feel like everybody's like, oh yeah, chiefs look out. I think people are like, holy shit, how can they keep doing this? I think you're right. And you know, there's, it's one thing to do it, like the Vikings did it like, oh what did they have in 2022? They had like 11 one score wins or something. Yeah. But when you went through the one after the other toe in the end zone barely like this is just a spectacular way to be undefeated in the second week in November.


I mean that kick, like if there were nobody, there were no blockers, it would've looked exactly the same. Yeah. What the hell, what? Denver did everything right. You're right. They bled the clock. They had the chiefs use their timeouts and you almost think there's just no beating this thing. I was driving home from the airport last night like about midnight and I was listening to Fox Sports Radio and there was some show and they had that guy Ezek the Handicapper was on. Yep. And I was like, this is great. I'm going like 95 miles an hour on the, on the, on the 10. And I'm listening to Ezek break down the schedule and he was really bullish on the Broncos in this game. It's like Broncos coming off a loss. They beat the ch and I felt the same way.


Like I doubled on the Broncos in our Pix league, i I the Broncos last week against Baltimore when it was 1710 heading toward the end of the first half. And they had really played with them and Nicks had missed a couple touchdown throws and then all of a sudden Lamar got the touchdown. They're down 14 and the game blew open. But I, I didn't think they were bad in that game and this game they were pretty good too. They might actually be a playoff team. Like I think the Bengals are gonna have a hard time passing them. 'cause I think the Broncos are gonna be able to get to nine wins. Well that's it, right? It's Bengals. Bengals have some interesting games. They have the Chargers this week, so I don't wanna call it a loser leaves town for the Bengals, but they can't afford to lose like two, they still have a lot of their, they can lose that charger North Games, right.


Yeah. They're not gonna run the, so that's a big one. But yeah man, I, you know, I would even say I had Bo Nicks as a solid fourth in terms of the four rookie quarterbacks. Yeah. Is he second now? Is he right behind Daniels? Oh, I have a whole spot in the podcast for this. Oh yeah. No, I can't wait to talk about this and this one. All right. Oh yeah. This podcast Denver rest of the way home Atlanta at Vegas Home Cleveland on a Monday night home. Indianapolis at Chargers. And then week 17 at Cincinnati. Yeah, that's the big one. And then here's the big one. And this is one of the reasons when we did the over unders, one of the reasons I liked the Denver over, they play Kansas City Week 18 at home.


And that is of everybody. That's one of those games we'll be guest the lion. It'd be stupid, right? Like Denver favored by seven and a half or something. 'cause Kansas City won't play anybody. So is Denver gonna get to nine wins? Probably. I I I they're five and five right now and I think there's four more in there. So the Bengals are gonna have to beat them and they're gonna have to beat the Chargers. I think this week they're having trouble getting to six. If they get to six, they go over their projected wind total, which was five and a half. But they've been stuck on five for a while. But yeah, the problem is as you go through those games and I think about those teams, they're not guaranteed to score 30. Right. I don't know if anyone is in the NFL anymore, but Denver it's always gonna be a kind of Yeah.


Game game like this. But they did what they did today is big plays against the chiefs don't usually happen. Yeah. And they pulled it off. I know you wanna talk about Nicks later, but this is, they, they had some nice like 20 plus yard gainers. So I thought that was the best. Knicks has looked and even though they, I know they didn't put up like 30 points or anything, but he had some good plays. He had typical couple overthrows, but I know you're invested in him 'cause he is an Oregon guy and now you're That's right. In Oregon. Stanley's the duck. One thing on the chiefs. So I was trying to think, 'cause I mentioned this to house on Thursday and I was like, I'm gonna go back and actually look at this. The teams that start off undefeated for a while, and all of us are kind of looking at them kind of side eyed like, eh, I don't know.


So the three that really jumped out, 2010 Colts were 14 and oh, and remember that was the whole argument of should they go for it? And I think they ended up resting guys, but they lost the Super Bowl to New Orleans that, that year. Yeah. But that whole year we were kind of like, ah, what is this? Like, is this, is this a schedule thing? Like what's going on there? Defense isn't that good. So they didn't win the Super Bowl the next year. The Packers went 13 to oh, go to the playoffs, get a by, and then they get killed by the Giants at home in round two in the, the second Eli Super Bowl season. And then the third one was the Panthers in 2015, 14 and oh start.


And then they end up losing the Super Bowl to Denver. So I guess my question is, is Kansas City just better losing now and getting, getting this over with versus like just going, I know it sounds stupid, but them going 14 and not, and then you're basically not playing for anything for a month and you go to bi week and then you just kind of have to flip the switch on. We, we have real evidence that that's kind of a bad thing for a team. Team. Yeah. And listen, I I think we gotta give them a benefit of doubt in terms of how to approach this. Like Andy Reed, this isn't his first rodeo, right? By the way, his first rodeo, he killed a, a cat. Like, he just like, it just, it was too much weight and they, they knew it was a bad idea from the stars. Right? It was all tapes have been destroyed.


Right. But so work Hopkins in Right. Don't get injured. Pacheco comes back theoretically in a couple weeks. I think that would probably be the plan. And if, if you could beat up on these teams, keep it going. I guess. I I think it's, I I know what you're saying. Like it's good to have a loss in there and that then you can, you could deal with it, but I feel like they've been down, they've made comebacks before, right? Yeah. So they, they know how to be resilient. Well, this Buffalo game, it's at Buffalo. I can't wait to guess the line for that. And I, I don't know it and I, I would've guessed Buffalo is a favorite. But now I'm wondering with the way Buffalo looked a little shaky, maybe it's gonna flip, but Casey I think would wanna go into Buffalo and beat them again and just keep that over them.


Like kind of Right. You can't beat us. We're on this. But then they're at Carolina the next week and that just like, like the classic chief's favorite by nine and a half in Carolina, punt, block tipped interception. Pick six, like just nine things go wrong. Everyone gets killed in their tees. This, it's like the biggest upset of the year. I have that one flagged. They played Vegas at home on a Friday night that seems fishy Chargers on a Sunday. They're at Cleveland home, Houston at Pittsburgh and then home for Denver in week 18. So maybe they have that stretch where it's week 16 Houston on a Saturday, week 17 Christmas night, Pittsburgh.


And they're gonna have everything clinched and there's just no way they're gonna be playing their guys in both of those games. Right. That's no way They're gonna pun on one of those games. Do you know what the odds are? I have them here. Don't look to, to run the slate. Oh, house and I we talk Is it, it's like five to one right? Higher than that. Plus seven 50 plus seven 50. But Yeah's not you talking to that. There's still tough ones though. Well, could they be looking ahead to the Panthers and, and blow this Bills game? I I didn't even realize that. I know they, they saw Bryce Young today and got freaked out. I think with that Saturday Wednesday thing. There's no way there's that, that would be insane to get people hurt Right. During, during that crazy stretch.


The other thing with the, with the A FC, other than Cincy at four and six, I don't see a single team that could make like a second half run out nowhere unless Miami wins tomorrow night. And I don't even really totally believe in Miami, but at least you can be like, all right, two is back. They're in the A FFC East, they have some easy games. Yeah, maybe. But I don't, I don't see any outta nowhere team. So to me it's Denver and Cincinnati and then it's a huge drop up. Yeah, I would, I would say Miami potentially because they could score points. But you were already, we don't even know if Tyreek's playing like he's like what? He said something interesting like, and listen, if someone's injured, whatever, I don't know.


This is a crazy game that I could never play, but he's like, we'll see how my body feels if I'm gonna play or not. If you're two, you must be like, I don't even know my name right now. you can get your ass in that game. We gotta play, we gotta win. Right. Our whole season's annoying. Yeah, really. Tyreek does this though. Like he even remember that game last year when he was just coming in the game and then his helmet was off, that it was on. Then he's playing, then he is not playing. He does it all the time still. Like the speech runs a long route on second down, forget it. You won't see him for the rest of that. That drive.


Hey we're gonna do a who's delivering presented by Ubereats where we break down the NFL players who have delivered so far this season from household names to out of nowhere surprises. So you at Bo Nicks would be in this as it seemed crazy that they were counting on him the way they are, but now it actually seems pretty smart, especially when they're paying Russell Wilson to play for the Steelers and he is doing well. Right? Bryce Young not being like a disaster who's gonna get traded for a seventh round pick. Not that he was awesome today, but at least he wasn't a disaster. Yeah, I was surprised by that. Right? Like, whoa. Sure. Yeah. Bryce Young. I can't believe you have the city. Who else would you have as like a surprise? You look at that and like just why it's a surprise is you, the Panthers are just destined to lose by double digits if you just look at their this year, right? Yeah. Like if it doesn't happen one week, you could bounce back if it wasn't New Orleans. Let's see. Kyle Pitts is really good. No, lemme see. Kyle Pitt gimme a minute. I wish you would tell me about these. How about Yeah. Yeah, he's good. He's solid. Lemme find someone like this in here. Was there, was there a fantasy? I probably should have given you a heads up. That's bad. Yeah. What? Gimme a heads up. Was there a fantasy running back or anybody that jumped out? I guess I like Bucky Irving, but I think I gave him out to you. Yeah. A couple weeks ago. How about this? How about McClaren being an a plus list receiver now? Right. Solid. If we're doing fantasy drops over again. I think he's one of the first five receivers. Looks so much faster now than he was, but yeah, that's a, that's a good one. I Matt Jones I think. Oh no, wait, that's a different, I just concentrate on bad players 'cause that's all I'm used to now. Different category. That's who's delivering, I guess Mahomes delivering wins despite having the worst statistical year. Again today, 260 yards, one tv. Doesn't matter. Keeps winning. Yeah. Who's delivering? Presented by Ubereats where you get the best deal on game day food All season long, we delivery left the Cowboys out of who's delivering Ubereats. The official on demand delivery partner of the NFL Order Now


we're gonna take a break for the podcast.


This episode is brought to you by the 2025 Lincoln Aviator. SUV Hmm. The 2025 Lincoln Aviator nails that feeling In next level confidence. The updated grill and sleek lights, total head turners under the hood of refined twin Turbo V six powers you through with authority inside Pure Comfort plus three row seating, custom climate control available massage seats keep you ready to tackle whatever's next. Explore more@lincoln.com. Some models, trims and features may not be available or may be subject to change. Check with your local retailer for current information. Lincoln and Aviator are trademarks of Ford or its affiliates.


What happens to the Cowboys? Now I just have some questions to throw at you. What? Because your season's over. Is McCarthy finished the season? It's very rude That I think so. Like why pay for another coach at this point? Yeah. Right. I I, look, here's what I'll say. The thing about them is like, this is such, I didn't expect them to win. I really thought they would suck me back in. I I thought they were done, but I didn't think they were done sucking me. And I thought Cooper Rush would be con competitive. But this game killed me because besides a kicking game, you get to see the Cowboys incompetence on every level. Right? Like tackling the quarterback play was atrocious.


Rush had like 24 yards at halftime and then they put Trey Lance and he comes in for like negative six yards with a penalty. Ezekiel Elliot back with a big fumble. Is it? Which, you know, resonate fumble in the, in the other end zone. Oh Jesus. It's like just that. And that's more ineptitude in the front office and then like, and cd lamb, like yucking it up with the eagles as the, as the gun sounds to end the game. And then we have the owner. It's like every, every little aspect of it. The owner who blames the mysterious construction of his billion dollar stadium and he built, he built it where half the players going blind. He the stadium from someone else he built it was in charge, charge of every aspect of the destruction's. Disgusting. He's pointing as like they know where the sun is.


Like, good Jerry, you go to the sun, go to the light. Yeah. See the sun. It's right there. It's right in the crack in the roof where you wouldn't, you know, everyone put curtains until you go blind. Oh man. Nuts. It drives nuts. Now the think tomorrow's gonna be like, should we put curtains up there? It's like this thing, you and I went to curtain to the stadium 15 years ago. Like they couldn't figure out the fucking sunlight when it's no daylight after daylight savings. The pi remember Dallas the TV show? Yeah. That was like in the opening the light going through the stadium like, oh wow, that's kind of cool. It's like, no, it's not that cool. I hate this team. I'm really mad and I feel like I get double FD here because like, they don't even change the cadence. Like Cooper Rush is like, here we go.


And that gets me angry and then I have to see the play and that gets me angry. So I'm getting angry like 160 times a game. Our d shit. My next cowboys question are Dak Lamb and Parsons all on next year's team. Yeah, I think so. There's too much money. What, what what are gonna do is Lawrence also on next year's team, those four, if those four guys next year? I do think so. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. I just want Aubrey, I need the kicker to stay just Aubrey Listen. If if they're not on the team franchise guy team, if they're not not on the team, that means Jerry's gonna trade him, right?


Yeah. And he has been that, he has been awful. I mean we got, we got Mingo who didn't even suit up for like a four. Like you see what they got for Hopkins? Yeah. Versus Mingo and they do it year after year after year. It's getting bad. I like the, the philosophy of yeah we got Mingo. We really liked him coming outta the draft. Right? It was like, yeah. Did you still like him when he couldn't play for Carolina for two years? Yeah. It'd be like if we really liked somebody for The Ringer two years ago and then the person went somewhere and just handed in a bunch of columns late and did three podcasts that had to be aborted. We're like, wow, we really did like him two years ago.


Let's go get him anyway. Maybe change the senior. Yeah. Record labels aren't signing Diddy anytime soon. Even though he is went double platinum 15 years ago. Is that a bad analogy? Alright, I listen, I'm I'm here for all. Did the analogies there you, here's my next question for you Cowboys related. I'm gonna go through every team in the NFC and you tell me which team you'd rather be then this is for the next three years. This is a dick move, but it's not a dick. It's an exercise. Alright. I don't exercise. Would you rather, would you be Dallas or Philadelphia next three years. Phil. It's that's easy. Philly, Washington. Washington. Yes. Would you rather be Dallas or the Giants?


I'm gonna say still Dallas and then I'm gonna get kicked into teeth on Thanksgiving and that'll be fun. I think Dallas is the right answer for that. Okay, so you'd rather be ba So the Giants, we have one. Are we, we're gonna really do this 16 times. Well Minnesota, green Bay, you'd rather be all of those things. Sure. Yeah. Would you rather be Dallas or Chicago? I think their front office is just as effed up kind of, to be honest with you. I mean we would, we were texting off to side coaches is definitely worse. Yeah. Yeah. So they, they have to make a coaching change not sold on the quarterback. I think that's a push actually. Can I say push? Push? Okay. We have a push. Yeah. Yeah. Would you rather be Dallas or Atlanta? I'd rather be Atlanta.


Atlanta. Would you rather be Dallas or Tampa Bay? All right, so first thing I'm thinking about is coach quarterback shit. Tampa Bay. I think you'd rather have Baker Mayfield see him today. He's a fucking hero today. I know, I know. That's amazing. I think you'd rather be Tampa. He's a hero. Alright. You'd rather be Dallas than New Orleans. That's, that's easy. New Orleans is salary capital. Yes. Yeah, that's fine. We don't wanna for DA and the Pathers, I'd be red than the Pathers. Yeah. All right, so there's three. You got the Giants of Carolina, that's, yeah. And I don't think anyone in the NFC West you'd rather be, I don't think anyone in the West. No. Alright, so there's three teams you'd rather be That's good. Congratulations.


That's good. What a jerk you are. Yeah, because should I do that with we podcast do for you with the A ffc? What? Do you have more than three? All right, I'll play. Go ahead Buffalo. I'd rather be, I'd rather be us than the Jets. I mean, hands down. Hands down. We'd rather be us than the Jets. We'd drink May. Yeah. Just Okay. That's true. All right. I think I'd rather be us than Miami. 'cause we've Drake may Well that's, if that's gonna be your answer for everything. I mean what we're gonna, we Drake, may we Gonzalez, we have Barmore coming back. We're gonna have a hundred million in cap space.


We're gonna have like a top six pick. Think about May Gonzalez and Barmore. Yeah. Listen to you big three. Whatcha talking about this is like the 78 Steelers you're talking about My God, Pittsburgh, Baltimore, Cincy. I would rather be all of those teams. Yeah, definitely would rather be us than Cleveland. Okay, so how many is that Cleveland, Miami and the Jets. There's already three. I'd rather be Houston. I'd rather be us than Indianapolis. What's so great about being in that? They just missed on that Richardson pick. It looks like he's unplayable, right? I'd be Tennessee.


Yeah. I'd rather be us at Jacksonville. Oh, the league really sucks, doesn't it? Listen to you. KC Chargers, obviously those guys, us Seber is probably a push. I'd rather have may than anyone at Denver, but I Denver has paid, you'd have rather have May than K Nicks right now. Huh? Oh stop. May Nicks is like 26. What am I missing with May? What did he do? Hold on, I gotta go to these stats again. He has no receivers and no offensive lines. He, he's, it's been fine. They're keeping him in these games. Play one sack. You love Drake. May you sack, what's his name? Nine times. That's why he we love Drake may come on. I know, I see it. But you know what I love about Drake may come on. He has a bad play. He shakes it off and he goes right back out there and, and just, and does playing.


I also, he d does that too, too. Cooper Rush does that. Trey Lance, all the great stuff. I'd rather be us than Vegas. So that's like six teams. Yeah. Here's what I love about Drake. That's depressing. You'd rather be, and you make a good point for all of them. Twice as many teams than I would and the NFC. Wow. That's bad. I'm so glad this, I'll talk about the Pats later. I have a different spot. Let's talk about Pittsburgh, Washington, which felt like a real playoff game. That was the best game. I think it was an honorable loss for Washington, even though I didn't think they played their best. But they definitely hung and were around the game. And that was by far the best defense they've played. It was a great win for Pittsburgh.


'cause a lot of shit went wrong for them for two hours. Yeah. It felt like they were almost trying to give the game away and then they said fuck it and they just took it And then Russ made a fucking massive throw. Yeah. At the end. Like he hit Williams in Stride Fields never would've made that throw. Yep. So Sal, nobody saw the seven and two Steelers coming. Oh wait, somebody did this guy right here. Who? Who you pointing to me? Oh you me. Yeah. You did this guy with two index fingers. Yeah. You called it. That's it. So when people do the thing tomorrow, who would've saw the Steelers seven and two? It was fucking me. I called it I love the Steelers. All right. All me the go back and you watch our over unders podcast, we, we actually kind of killed the podcast.


Like I I I had a chance to go like 25 and 7, 26 and six on those over unders. I saw that. Just fyi. I saw that. All right. Good job. But why then were all the announcers that both the announcers in that game talking about me, me, me picking the Steeler special, the South Steeler special. Well, well let's So which is Washington Win the first half. I'm done and we're going to you. Okay. Because this is way more impressive. Go ahead. Set up the south special opponent to win the first half Steelers to win the game. It takes the Steelers a minute to get going. More than any other team. This happens eight to one. It's cashed three times this year plus 17 units. Good job by me. Good job by you. Whatever you said in the preseason. But eight to one three times, God bless So it hit three times.


And if you bet a hundred dollars on it each time, you would've just won like 23, 20 $400 just on those three. Yeah. And lost a hundred on the other seven games. Yeah. You'd be up $1,700. 1700. There's no better bed in sports. Thank you. FanDuel FanDuel gave us these ringer specials tab on their NFL page. Yeah. The cousin style special should just be its own tab. It should be next to games Futures. Cousin Sal special. Like no, you know why it won't be, you've invented this. They don't wanna go bankrupt. I don't blame 'em for the hiding it within like 34 other ringer specials. But no, the Steelers are good. They're good, they're exciting. And I'm not gonna say sky's the limit for the playoffs, but they could right now.


Like if you put a ceiling on them, a FC championship, not that's gonna happen. But like could they get that far or past it? So I had some friends at that Washington game today and that was like the most important home game Washington's had in 15 years. Where it was like a true sellout real fans coming back like real energy in the building. People there two hours before the game and the Steelers didn't play well and they still figured out a way to steal the game and they got stops. Like that game was I think 27 to 21, halfway through third quarter And the, they shut down Washington. They Daniel's missed a couple throws. Yeah, I think two years from now he probably wins that game.


'cause he had, he had two big throws in the second half. But, but the fact that Wilson can make a couple plays for them, they, it just wasn't gonna happen with Fields. Fields doesn't win that game. He just doesn't. And I think I was thinking we were joking watching the games like has anybody seemed less cool and more done and then rallied back and seems kind of cool again. It's like I was thinking like Wayne Brady when he did the Chappelle show. Interesting. Yeah. And he had that and he had that Wayne Brady rejuvenation from the Chappelle show. Right. But the Russ winning that game and doing like a dance and seeming like Russ again, I was like holy shit. Russ is back.


Yes. I think he people are dying to turn on him too though. Right. I feel like even that with Steelers fans, like they're waiting for the one bad Russ game. But now you're right at seven and two. This is a whole different story and Pickens is the most athletic player on that team. I'm sorry. But he comes up with a always nice place, a dazzling circus catch every week. I mean football is great when you see like these wide receivers, my father's like, oh it was always better in my day. These guys didn't sound no injuries. Like dad, you don't have wide receivers toe tapping the sideline and you know like pellets kicking up because they, that kid made today the kid catch that catch in the corner that was unbelievable.


They know how to Dr. I'm whatever. I'm not making up. But you see a spectacular play three times a week now in the NFL. That's why it's the best. One thing I liked about Pittsburgh, they did the thing that Detroit kind of didn't do. They just kept running the ball and running the ball. Yeah, they'd been run the ball that well. I think they were 43 for, were they 43 for like one 40 something like that. They were like 3.3 Again they timely runs though. They stuck with it. They shoot it. It felt like they were always getting yardage on first down. They made a couple big plays. They did this Mike Williams trade that the moment they did it, it was like of course this guy's gonna be decent for them and scoring the same amount of points as the Jets today.


Yeah. And then there's the Tomlin piece which, so where do you think Tomlin ranks for wins all time? if you to guess all time coaches. Where does he rank and wins? It's only been coaching 18 years. 13. No, that's, yeah so he's 12. I would've guessed like 30th. Yeah. It's only been coaching's. He hasn't been coaching two decades yet. Yeah, but they're never under 500. So you don't have like any five and elevens or five and twelves in there. He's 180 and 1 0 2. Yeah, he's won a Super Bowl. He only has eight playoff wins. But I was thinking today like Belichick and R are the best two coaches of this century. Right. Doing the quarter century doing the all NFL teams.


Sure. Tomlin's probably third. It's either him or Sean Payton. Right. maybe Maybe, John Harbaugh's in there. Probably not Dungy 'cause he, he retired pretty early. No respect for McCarthy. It's unbelievable the way definitely now McCarthy there's like a, a mild Tom Coughlin case just 'cause he won the two Super Bowls but as a regular season coach wasn't great. But I think it's pretty unassailable. Tom's either third or fourth depending on Yeah because Harbaugh is Peyton Harbaugh has how many fewer with Right, like if you just go regular season if you go like that. But it, Tom's hit this point though where you just feel like he's getting to nine or 10 wins and it doesn't matter who's on his team, but it's a specific type of player that he always seems to have.


They've lucked out over and over again. I haven't lucked out. Like there's real ingenuity behind the receivers they take and I don't know, it's, it's just feels like one of his great seasons. They're very good. He was the one that like he almost didn't bring the, the offense out on fourth and two. Right, right. And then he did, I was screaming Simmons, I didn't even, I just had this stupid Steeler special thing. Yeah. But you gotta do that coaches, you have to at least do the hard count on fourth and two. It's not gonna work every time. if you, if you get a false start, you're in in actually in a better position to punt it to the 10 or whatever. So yeah it was great. So for was, I mean they killed them.


They killed them in time of possession too. Like they deserve that game at time for was now they're playing Phil Thursday night and they might be going from seven and two to seven and four in the span of five days. But they're, they're still a playoff team. I thought that was weirdly a good loss for them. Like they hung with a really good team and I thought those were two playoff teams. Yeah. Alright, next question. So I was gonna ask you, would you rather have Drake May or Caleb Williams but you, you even wanna introduce Bo Nixon to this? So this Yeah, I think so. Give me the rankings just of the four. Yeah, I'm gonna drop Caleb Williams to four right now.


I think you have to. I'm gonna do it. I'll put your guy third. I think Bo Nixon is second. I know you would flip 'em but this is just for this year, right? We're we're not looking. No, I think Who would you wanna have going forward? Oh yeah, I'd be very confident in the top two in, in Daniels and then Bo Nicks and, and your guys third. Hey I, I don't know what to make of Caleb Williams. I really don't. 'cause they one night some games they should know won and it's a very strange team. They really, they're not resilient at all. They were like one play away from being five and two and now this you don't see 'em in the playoffs at all. Right? No, they, they're I think the Hill Hail Mary probably murdered the team. Yeah.


Or murdered the season. It's weird. All the stuff you heard about him at USC that people were worried about are kind of on display with the Bears too. Right. The there, there's he, he just seems like almost like a tennis player playing quarterback. Like he's like playing an individual sport but also running a team at the same time. And he makes a lot of really, really amateur mistakes. Like it was interesting reading the stories after the game. The Patriots did all this stuff. This was the first, I guess the Pats did okay last week too. But this was a actually very well coached game. I gotta hand it to Mayo and the crew. Yeah. They really had a game plan. They wanted to pressure him. They brought in Schooler who's the best special teams, you know, gunner in the league.


They brought him in as like a linebacker to basically spy on Caleb in certain spots. But they, they basically stuttered them and they were like the guy holds the ball too long. And we felt like if we pressured him and we put a spy on him and we just kind of pushed him that we could get to him and they were right. And Caleb does hold the ball in too long and he is not accurate. Like I apparently he, he's the, according to the stats, he is the second least accurate guy in the league. Right. For just uncatchable passes. So they took advantage of all the stuff he wasn't good at. The team can't block the crowd turned on them immediately by the second quarter you could already hear the booze and I just felt like he checked out. So I think so too. We'll see like he's a rookie qb.


We've seen rookie QBs fail but we'll see I Flues is gonna take the brunt of it though, right? Yes. Like everyone's like, oh he doesn't last till tomorrow. You were the first one I heard that talked about Caleb Williams. Like maybe not stepping up in this situation but it's right now it's squarely on the coach losing the locker room, running wide receivers walking off the field before the play is done and shit like that. Yeah, I mean I had the pats in a bet today. I thought, I thought they really had a chance to win. Good call. It was interesting with Caleb, he had those three games in a row and it was against the Rams who were banged up on defense in week four. They scored 24, they won, they killed Carolina in week five at 36 10.


Everybody's like Caleb Bears, here we go. And then they beat the Jaguars, I think that was abroad in week 6, 35, 16. And then they had bi-week and there were two narratives. One was Caleb's, Caleb's figured it out, here come the Bears. And then I was more in the camp of can we see them play like some good teams first before we Right. Have a parade. So they had the bye week, they lose that game to Washington where they only scored 15 and they really couldn't do anything the whole game. Arizona kills them last week. And then the pat sort of shitty defense looked like the 85 bears against them. So you know, they can't block. But the body language on the team is, is awful.


Well and it was also their defense had gone like 12 straight without allowing more than 20 points or something. Yeah. Or once in 12 games or something like that. And so he was benefiting off didn do that. Didn't do of that 19. Yeah, he is like kind of Teflon. 'cause the defense was very good and Ebra flu's, when they lose its Ebra flues his fault. And you can say the Hail Mary, they got Rooked. But what about week one when Levitt just handed them, they had like, no offense, they had like 140 yards of offense. So I know it's week one, it's his very first game. But this game, this team is kind of where they should be. I'm sure there's gonna be a lot of, I'm sure this is gonna be a huge topic this week. And there's gonna be people defending him and then there's gonna be people really breaking down that, that he hasn't been good.


Didn't he wanna own the team? A piece of the team? When you say he was like running the team. That's what I thought of immediately. That would've been good from what I saw today. I wasn't afraid of him when he was going back to pass. I don't know. That team might be really poorly coached. And we've seen, like I went to the Celtics Nets game on Friday night. See I was able to bring basketball. There we go. Good job. And the Nets are really well coached and I felt that way watching them on tv. But I got to see it in person up close. And that team was on the same page. They were bringing in bench guys who were playing hard, who were playing defense, who were picking up guys full, full court. They were rebounding, they were really, really trying.


They were running good plays out of timeouts. And I was like, this team's well coached. You watch The Bears today and it's like this team's fucking disaster. Right? Like they, they clearly shouldn't have this coach anymore, but it's a franchise that is usually afraid to make moves until after the season from what I saw today. And I watched that game pretty closely. Like they, that hail Mary seems like that killed that Iba flu Sarah. Yeah, for sure. For sure. He, he might have lost the locker room before that, but yeah, it is tough to spot an okay or bad team who's well coached. Like I think we felt that about Tennessee when Vrabel was around and you know, they've won some divisions too. But even when they were bad you're like, all right, this team, they fight for 'em and they're good and they do the basics right?


Yeah. Tom's been like that too. Yeah. Where Tom had these crappy offenses and still sure you go ahead. They go nine and eight, this bears team's a mess. Yep. The Jaguars look like a mess. Like there's teams you watch and you're like, this team's a mess. Brandon Staley last year, Ron Rivera last year we, you know who the teams are that are super sloppy. The Jaguar, the Bears look sloppy by, I know. We don't need to spend much time on that. 12 seven Minnesota. Oh God. But it was 42 to 18 in time of possession for Minnesota. Wow. And I was like thinking like, I don't even want, I wanna see time of possession, like Jag's time possession versus progressive ads we saw in the three hours, like at Mac Jones or Flo.


Who, who, who do we see on the screen more? I think it would be close. Boy that is a disaster. What? Wonderful. That should have been a great fan to bet of. Oh yeah. Combined. Darn Mac Jones. 'cause they were zero touchdowns, five picks. I was in Boston over the weekend and I did a interception parlay. So great. Great having legal gambling. I know just being able to go on and make dumb FanDuel bets. I, it was Bryce Young Mac Jones and Will Levi and it was like three and a half to one. I was like, this is gonna be so much fun. And then Caroline, I wake up, they're up seven. Nothing. Bryce somehow doesn't throw a pick. The bet doesn't win. The other two guys did though. Oh they did? The other two came in.


Yeah. Yeah, that's right though. Yeah, that's, they came in problem with the Giants, the Panthers like took a lead and it's like, oh shit. Bryce Young's only gonna throw the ball like 10 more times in the second half. Yeah. So big picture like Caleb is obviously an asset. He is obviously talented. They have to figure out the coach thing now. 'cause you don't want this to go in a direction where, you know, he loses confidence. The chemistry goes completely sideways. Whatever. Let's take one more break for the podcast and then we'll keep going.


This episode is brought to you by State Farm. State Farm helps you score an affordable price when you choose to bundle home and auto insurance with the personal price plan bundling home and auto. That's a pro move. Just another way you can save on your insurance needs. Talk to a State Farm agent today to learn how you can bundle and save with the personal price plan. Like a good neighbor, State Farm is there. Prices are based on rating plans that vary by state coverage. Options are selected by the customer. Availability. Amount of discounts and savings and eligibility vary by state.


This episode is brought to by SimpliSafe. It is football season, which means the holidays are Coming up and actually SimpliSafe is already having a Black Friday sale. So if you're worried about the safety of your home and family, now is the time to get home security. I personally like to use SimpliSafe because they can stop intruders before they break into your home. That's kind of the goal. I think they take home security to the next level if they're active guard, outdoor protection. It's not an old school system. They only take action when somebody is already in your house. No, that's not SimpliSafe that take action before somebody gets in your house. There's no long term contracts, no cancellation fees. It's around $1 a day and it gives me peace of mind and helps me and my family feel protected. So take advantage of this Black Friday sale this week only. Right now you can take 60% off any new system with a select professional monitoring plan. Hit to SimpliSafe dot com slash bs to claim your discount and make sure your home is safe this season. Keep your home, your family, and your peace of mind protected with SimpliSafe. Again, go to SimpliSafe dot com slash bs. That is SimpliSafe with two is There's no safe like SimpliSafe


season from hell rankings. We had San Francisco in the lead until today. I think it's the Jets. San Francisco was an elite season from hell yeah. Because all the injuries they had and you know the, the oh zero were 500 and yeah. Yeah, just like what else can go wrong? McCaffrey misses 10 weeks. IU goes out for the year. They lose guys on defense. They blow a couple dumb games. Like they were kind of felt seasoned from hellish. But now I think that Jets have locked it up. I, well, it depends how you look at it. Like, my quarterback's out for the year. Maybe he didn't think he was doing much anyway, but the Jets quarterback is still hobbling around and you know, he's not the right guy.


Right? Yeah. So that's the season from hell. I'm fine with the Jets being the season from hell. Well think about all the ca all the trades they've done. Yeah. They fired their coach. They think that's gonna fix it. Then it's Devante Adams is gonna be the savior that's gonna fi they've six points today for them. Some of the stats from this game, Tyler Murray completed 17 straight passes. At one point. The jets allowed four 70 pussy yard drives in the same game. The Cardinals had 28 first downs on 57 plays. So that jumped out to me. I was like, that almost seems impossible. Like I gotta go and look at NFL history and see real, so you, you can do it on that stat head thing.


Right. Teams that had 57 or less plays in 28 or more. Fir It only happened whether at time in the history of the week, the 2023 nine ERs 53 plays, 31st downs. There were three teams that ran 58 plays and had 28 first downs or more. But like, that's how rare this is. That's how bad the jets were. They were historically awful. Giving up first downs on like first or second down. I think the defense remember coming into this year, like whatever, Rogers was always gonna be a question mark. The Jets defense is elite. All you need is Rogers to be average. Well, Rogers is a little below average. He just needs to be better than Zach Wilson. Yes, exactly. And he is not, if you look at how many points they have through week 10 this year and last, do you want the exact number point total points?


Yeah, go ahead. Last year they averaged 16.6 points per game. This year they're averaging 18.30 they really? Yeah. More because Rogers is worth 1.7 points more, but their defense is worse. And they lost s who, you know, seven kids s We made a lot of jokes, but their defense played better when he was dead. Coach So. it is just a fact. Yeah. You got, as a Patriots fan, you have to love this. Right? You have to absolutely love this. You're both doing I have, I have Jets fans in my life that I have real affection for and they're, they're about as downtrodden about football as any fan base. I know. Yeah. So I feel bad for that. But Rogers has just been such a prick the last few years.


It's hard's hard not to. Yeah, it's hard. Not like, you know, even like the trading Mike Williams and making them trade for Devonte Adams and all this stuff. Yeah. And the coach getting fired and I love it. The ball goes right through Devonte Adams hands on, third down, and then a big sack on fourth. It was just all falling apart. Yeah. I do feel bad for New York, just in general. New York teams are like five and 15. I know the Liberty one. That's fun. Yeah. But for God's sakes, I jets jets over Giants for, for a year from hell. I guess so. Only because of the expectations. Yeah. I guess if you're making the case for the Giants fans, they have to watch Dana Jones. Yeah. Who, I mean that Panthers game today.


Did you wake up? Be honest. I woke up. It was seven. Nothing. Okay. Even though I flew in last night, I was still like, this game is too. Yeah. Germany, I been making beer garden jokes. I like, I gotta wake up. Right. And, and the Panthers are just awful. It's unbelievable that they went two in a row. Like I'm telling you, they're terrible. Like in Panthers fans, you can be like, fuck you we're getting better. It's like, you're not, you're not a good team. You're not All right. I believe you. I believe you. You're really awful. You're terrible at football. You had no business winning the game. Like, no, missed the field goal. Jones had that interception he threw in the fourth, late in the fourth quarter, you know, and, and then like they run that flea flicker and he misses the two completely wide open guys.


And they're talking about how upset day balls. It's like it was third and one and you're running a flee flicker with Daniel Jones. Like, just hand the ball off. Yeah. Why are you, why are you making him do anything? It's like if I took my dog outside without a leash. Right. And he, and he ran across the street and ran up to the neighbor's yard and like, you know, trounced the flowers and then got in a fight. Mm. With their dog. It's like, is that my dog's fault or is that my fault? Is it my fault my dog out without a leash? Like no, I'm just saying like, we, is this your parent calling? No, of course. Course we take our dog out. He has a leash out. They're awful. It's like you Peter Jones and your team don't do flea flickers with him. Don't have him throw in tight windows when you need a a a.


Yeah. A score inside the 20 yard line. Like it's idiotic. That'd be a good nickname for a dog flea flicker. But no, you're right. That, that was awful. I'm sorry you had to wake up. I mean, they put those poor, that was a hostage situation. Keeping them for overtime to see the freaking panthers win 20 to 17. They all seem drunk. They seem drunk and happy. The true the Germans true. Yeah. It doesn't matter. Can I, can I tell you, I wanna pitch that and this would be better than hard knocks. And we make jokes about the flight back from London. Like I wanna see the losing coach from checking into the airport, whether it's Heathrow or whatever, Munich all the way through to Flight New York going, I brought with plan. Yeah. I wanna see that The losing coach fly home wherever it is.


Munich just going through customs, Tanzania just being bumed out. I wanna see what he orders and drinks on the plane and what he says. If he's mean to the flight at attendants and hear him cursing in his sleep, I'd watch that five hour stream. I would do it. I was mad. 'cause house and I, for a million dollar picks, we did Giants to win by 14 plus and nine ERs to win by 14 plus. So they go down seven. Nothing. I'm like, you had to be kidding me. That's it. But I also had the Giants in a money line. I did like a stupid parlay when I was in Boston. So I was like, all right, at least can the Giants just win this? And the Panthers are terrible. Yeah. Like they're really bad. They chu Uba harbor's good. Like, and he was probably the reason they run, but their team's just not good.


They don't, they don't have any, they can't tweet their downs. Like people are like, oh, Bryce Young looked better today. It's like, okay. I guess he looked better than somebody who shouldn't be in the league. But it wasn't like he was good. Like he was missing so bad. Third to nine throws all over the place. Doesn't really run. I think I was offered Chuba Hubbard in three Fantasy trades this week. And I was like, and I was like mad at the people who proposed it. And then I looked at his numbers, I'm like, oh, they're, they're pretty damn good. And I was like, I don't wanna watch them or and root for their offense. Right. Why would you ever want that? Unless you live in the state. No. See I feel like this, maybe even though I lost a little money on this this week, I still feel like long term we're in a good spot.


'cause they're coming off a buy and then they have home games against Kansas City and Tampa. Who are you talking about? It'll be Carolina. Yeah. It'll be like, oh, Carolina two game winning streak. They've righted the ship, but it's like, I don't think they've righted any ship. I think they stink. So I guess we'll find out. All right. What else did I have for you? Well, the problem is there's like nine teams at stake. We're gonna get, like I know we're gonna get like seven or eight teams with five with six wins or fewer. It doesn't really happen. if you look back in the last five years, there's like two or three teams with four. Yeah. You know, but to get like, you know, close to 10 teams with like six wins, it's gross.


When do we start taking the following teams seriously? Heading into week 11. Are we there yet? The Eagles are seven and two. Yeah. You take them seriously as an actual contender who could be in the NFC title again. I do. And I, it's not just coming off this Dallas game, but I feel like they hit their stride. They got the running back. They need the tush push works with their fricking backup it when, when stuff like that happens. I'm like, that's, that's good. I I still have the lions a a big step ahead of them. But yeah, they could be deep into January. You don't think so? Not quite there yet. No. I wanna see Thursday night. Yeah. Their wins this year.


Green Bay in that Brazil game. They beat the saints, the Browns, the Giants. They beat the Bengals. That was a good win. No t Higgins beat the Jaguars. They beat your team, which was, you know, my team's good a corpse. They're still not really health out, fully healthy. I don't know if they'll get there, but that's the other thing. Well, let's, I'm gonna, I wanna wait. 'cause they play Washington this week. They're at the Rams, they're at Baltimore. And I, you know, I know it's a cop out, but I wanna wait for those three games. That's true. But they definitely look better than they did second half last year. Started this year. Yeah. Well this is where they were last year, right? About seven and two or something. Then they just tanked the last year. I don't trust their coach. Do you trust the Cardinals yet? I I like, I like watching them.


That's all I could really say. I like watching their offense. Right. And and they don't embarrass themselves on defense. And they have What do you mean tr you mean trust? Like for the playoffs, are you taking them seriously yet? Yeah. Yeah. I think I have to because of their schedule and the fact that they're able to move the ball and don't seem afraid of any of these teams. They have the Pats in Carolina later. Yeah. So that's probably two more wins. They play Seattle twice next three weeks. Right. Play Minnesota. They play the Rams. They played the Niners last week of the season. I think it's the same team that's last. Yeah. Yeah. I think they're 10 win team four division games. So that's the key. Right. A lot of these teams haven't played anyone in division. So that's, that's big.


I like how they can run the ball like, and they're really fit. Like Connor is just, I remember when Pittsburgh let him go. I didn't think it was a big deal at all. Right. Did you? Sure. No. So, oh my God. Let James Connor go. Nobody said that. And I think he's been good in Arizona. McBride's good. They have some web, like I was surprised to know that that was Harrison's fifth touchdown. I was about to come on tonight and go on a rant about how they've done. Where is he? Yeah. They've done well despite the fact that the, this generational receiver hasn't produced but five touchdowns pretty good. Yeah. So playoff picture, if you got Detroit at eight and one Minnesota seven and two, I'm still not positive as a playoff team. 'cause Donald seems like he's arrow pointed down.


Washington, Philly Green Bay. And then you have Arizona, San Francisco Rams six and four. Arizona. Five and four San Francisco. Four and four Rams. I think they're a playoff team. I think they're gonna make it. I thought today was a key one and, and I didn't, I house and I talked about it Thursday. I didn't understand the line. I didn't know what I was missing. I didn't understand why people were overrated. The Jets based off that Texans game on a Thursday night. I think people always overrate those Thursday night games. I didn't think the Jets were good. I thought Arizona was better and to, to me it was like an easy bet. But the line shifted. The jets were favored heading into the game. That kind of work. I was like, what am I missing with this Jets team?


They suck. Isn't that what happened against Houston? Like Houston was favored by one and a half when we did the pod and then the jets were favored. And like as soon as that one and a half, which is the mysterious number this year. Yeah. Flips. I get in sprinter's position, I'm like, I'm staying away from this game. Right. if you figured it out, that was good for you. That the Arizona Arizona's minus one 10 both ways to make it or not make it. I like it. It's a fun one. The Chargers. I think I believe in them too. I think that's a five seat or a six seat. Excellent defense. Excellent. QB Herbert's been really good this year. Excellent coach. They can block their receivers I think are a little better than we were expecting that Quentin Johnston, who anybody could had in a fantasy draft.


Nobody took home. They have a two game lead for the wild card. Here's the key though. Their next four is Cincy Baltimore at Atlanta at kc. They probably have to go two and two out of those four. Three in one. They're, they're golden. But two and two gets sent to eight and five and they're cruising after that. But I think, yeah, I, I think that team knows who they are and they're really well coached two weeks ago. I agree. They were minus one 50 to make the playoffs last week. Minus three 10 now minus four 30 to make the playoffs. Wow. And I'm just not used to the Chargers winning games. They're supposed to win. Right? Like this is three weeks in a row. The Browns, the Saints, and the Titans. So big test next week, as we said with the Bengals. That's a fun game.


I have some 2024 DAOs Cowboys Silver linings for you. What? I thought we were off this like, no, 25 minutes to this part. Too. Silver lining. Number one really good draft pick coming. You're gonna have like a top seven pick. Good. Now granted, Jerry's gonna probably trade up so he can take Travis Hunter and put it next to CD Lamb and be like, oh look at our receivers. Oh yeah. Travis Hunter and CD Lamb. Oh my God. We, we have no, nobody who could walk. But look at those two receivers. Good draft. I hope he'll mortgage everything to get Travis Hunter, Shado, Sanders and Dion to coach. That'll be that. That's what I think. I walked away. I think that's gotta be it. That's it.


That would Larry, Larry David quit the Jets. Yeah. 'cause then he is just screwing with everybody right now. It's like, oh, this was a practical joke. All right. Jerry, you're funny. You're the funniest owner. Silver Lining Belichick or Vrabel. Who would you pick? You got choice of one, I think Vrabel. Yeah, I think that's the right pick. Really? Yeah. Let's get into this. Why you're such a big check. That's a really good coach. And he's like 25 years younger than Belichick, right? Yeah. But his girlfriend is not, she's only about four years old. Yeah. Girlfriend's 20 years older than Belichick's girl. That's crazy. More silver linings. We don't have to watch TV segments about them anymore.


'cause I don't, I just don't think by, I don't know, week 15. There's nothing left on, no meat on the bone. N NFL's in trouble a little bit with some of these night games and nothing they could do about Thanksgiving. But they, you know, one thing you could always say about the Cowboys, even if they were out of play contentions, like, oh, everybody watches them. 'cause they have fantasy players. It's gonna be, it could be tough to start. Yeah. They shut down CD lamb. CD lamb by in like three weeks. Yeah. City Dallas has Luke in the Mavs. That's silver lining. I don't care. And then even though you haven't made the Super Bowl since 95, there's a bunch of teams that have longer droughts than that. Oh great. Up Detroit Cleveland. The Jets Minnesota. Miami hasn't made the Super Bowl since 1976.


I know that. That's, oh man, I feel so fucking good. That's really good. I thought. Thought I need, I need feel bad. Really good. Thanks man. Oh, and curtains. You're gonna have curtains in the stadium. So you, the receivers will get blinded. They're showing were we, there was the last WrestleMania there when we were there. I think it was. They're showing like the curtains they put up to block the sun and everything. Yeah. Like yeah, it's this easy. They just use curtains. Yeah. You have the curtains. The new coach theory is back. Yeah. House talked me outta it. That motherfucker on Monday, a million dollar pitch. Oh really? He was like, we can't bet on Derek Carr. He tried to murder his teammate last week. I was like, fine, we won't. And then new coach theory wins Darren Rizzi, who sounds like somebody you would be buddies with.


Kids come in and Brad and Darren Izzy. Darren Izzy at the Far Lake kid. Ken, he's in a fight with Ken. Harry had intervened because Ken got mad at Darren Izzy. Oh, there's so much truth to that. I like this guy. He is fun. I, yeah. How am I not rooting for this team? He talked about the clog in the toilet this morning. In his morning shit before the game. I was like, this should be my guy. And he has a player stretching out. He's like one of my big, we need a game for him. Well what, what's the, what's the crazy commercial we see all the time with the Rizzi? Skyrizi Sky doesn't. Well I mean if he doesn't really make sense. He talked about clogging the toilet. We gotta call him the Clogger.


Oh, I see. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Oh, the Clogger. Yeah. Clapper Meet the Cloer. That the Clogger. Well we had Pit boss Rich who treated us really well that one year with the Raiders. Yeah. We won on him a bunch of weeks. Now we got the Cloer. Oh, I love the Cloer. Love The Cloer is in man here we he. Is he gonna do that? Is that good luck? Like is he gonna have to do that every Sunday now? Yeah, he's gonna have to have a lot of like Metamucil Right. And Cheese the night before a game. Bean burritos. Yeah. Oh, I broke my rule in bed on the Germany game. Which I swore I wasn't gonna do. I somehow you did all my rules for the year. Don't bet. On the Germany game. Don't bet on a game with two bad teams. I just, I come, I was sitting on a plane before takeoff, which is I think the single most dangerous time to be on FanDuel.


Yeah, right. And just like, ah, giants like, you know, just killing time. Yeah. Next one was Deebo Samuel, right or wrong for getting mad at the kicker. The guy missed three field goals. Like how many field goals did he Long snapper right? Wasn't it? No, he was mad at the kicker and the long snapper intervened. Oh, he went after and got his throat. Yeah. Yeah. One was at the kicker. I, I don't know what happened with Deebo. There might be some medication issues. Did you see what he came in like dressed as like down the tunnel? Yeah. And then like Yeah, he had like Leathered a nice little leather number up top and then shorts. And then he is like going after his long snapper's throat.


But I think he's right. He can't go up missing all these kicks. It's, well, what's the right number of missed field goals before you're really allowed to get mad at the kicker without repercussions. Like, interesting. Do you miss seven? Could you get mad at him? Yeah. At him? Yeah. I think so. We have a friend three feels like the right number. And that three like three, right. Somebody in the team can at least side eye him. We have a buddy Steven Green who kicked and he, it was a great kicker in high school. Yeah. And then college and then quit and then like he was, we, we made a push for him to be on an arena team and those goalposts like that. It's nothing. Yeah. It's really like, well like six 18 inches away from each other. He missed a, I think he was playing for like Gainesville, Florida or something. He missed the field goal and they were like screaming him at him on the bus the whole way back to wherever he was.


They were in Alabama. Had to drive Florida. Yeah. I feel like there's a lot of, there's a lot of that. And just kicking in general, what happened like in September, these, they, they were blasting like 57 yards. Yeah, they got sideways. Yeah. Omi like a 40 yarder today. And we saw, went out with the lions too. That was crazy. With the, with Fair Barn missing. And Lions just turning it right around. This is a really bad omen for the Niners. And it's something I bet against over the years. And it's been successful when it gets toward playoff time. So before this game today, they were 30th in special teams DVOA. So they're one of the three worst teams, right? Today they had three missed field goals and they muffed a punt return. They, they might have the worst special teams in the entire league.


There's no way that's gonna turn well for them in the playoffs. Like no way it, it always rears its ugly head. Week 18 round one. Something bad happens with it. So I'm just flagging that out. They don't even get to play the Cowboys. I know. I looked at that. Do you know how many yards? Total yards? I know you said Baker was great today. The Tampa had 215 total yards. I said how is that game close? How is that 23 third? He was great. Four 13. You had to watch it when they're like sacking him and he's just not going down that front. Yeah. Even Brady was making noises with some of the Baker players. Oh wow. Yeah. Like a Brady woke him up. Do they have a meter? They should have a Brady Noise.


Meer meter. It's like, oh, can Joe Flacco win the come down player of the year? He won Comeback Player of the year last year come down. Or is interesting Is Sam Donald eligible could just from the comeback and then the come down in the same year. Could we come back Or should we go away? Should we come back and go away? Award go away player in the year. Just leave. Yeah. Use the back door. Yeah. I don't, I'll tell you what, I was proud of myself. I live bet the bills. I saw a Flaco throw three passes. He definitely doesn't have that zip. Right? Like we doesn't look great. He didn't looked bad last week too. Yeah, he did. I The only thing, now it's all about an what hap how dare they binge Anthony Richardson. Like, all right, it was two weeks ago.


He was like two for 15 at halftime with Yeah. 28 yards getting yelled at. How about they figure something out where they put 'em in packages and figure out how to use two quarterbacks. Is that the worst thing in the world? So glad you brought this up. I've been dying for a team to do this where it's like one guy comes in one and then the next series it's the other guy and we just, if I'm the other team, I would hate that. It's like, well both of these guys kind of suck, but, but now that you're using both of them and I don't know what to do and what defenses to use, basically, listen, you're not gonna raise the level of Anthony Richardson's confidence putting him back there on third and 12. Right? But if it's third and two and you're bringing him in, it's like, oh my God.


Now this guy's run for four first downs in a row. Or if he's even faked the run and thrown from, that's the way to build it back up. I think seven turnovers combined for Joe Flacco and St. Arnold today. Mm. We're gonna take one more break for the podcast then We're Do Guest Alliance.


This episode is brought to you by Better Help. I don't know about you, but I am ready for all the spooks and scares this year. I'm a ghost guy. I believe in ghosts. I've talked about it on the podcast many times. If you've had an experience interacting with one of them, you understand what I mean? But that's the fun of Halloween. you can have fun with what scares you. you can embrace the ghost. Unfortunately you can't do that all the time or even with all your fears. So what do you do with something that is holding you back or something that you're afraid to confront? The answer is simpler than you think. It's therapy. Therapy can help in so many different ways, like teaching you positive coping skills, how to set boundaries, how to be your best self. And if you think therapy could be a good option for you, try out better help. Everything is entirely online so it's convenient and flexible. It can easily fit into your schedule. And if things aren't working out with your therapist, you can switch to a new one for no additional charge. So go conquer your fears. Visit better help.com/ Bill Simmons today to get 10% off your first month. That is better. Help hlp.com/ Bill Simmons.


This episode is brought to by Michelob ULTRA the NBA's back. And you know what that means? So is Michelob ULTRA courtside. It gets fans closer to the game, the stories, the players, the celebrations, and it's a pretty damn good beer. Stock up your fridge with Mlo B ULTRA and be ready for the big plays all season long. Learn they gonna get closer to the action by visiting mlo b ULTRA dot com slash courtside. MLO b ULTRA superior access Courtside 24 25 sweepstakes. No purchase necessary open to us residents. 21 plus begins on 10. 1 24 goes through 7 1 25. Visit mick locher.com/courtside for free. Entry. Entry. Deadlines and official rules void were prohibited.


So before we do guest alliance, the underdogs made a little bit of a comeback today. Yeah, but you know what else has quietly made a comeback? I almost don't wanna say it. I'm gonna knock on wood. The tease. Yeah. Has made a little bit of a resurgence. Eagles Chargers hit, I hit a four Teamer in real life. Eagles chargers in real life Eagles chargers. That's a two Team Ravens on Thursday night. And then what was the other obvious one today? Eagles Chargers. Did you have the Chiefs? No, it wasn't the Chiefs. What was the other one that was like a seven point game?


Minnesota? No, San Francisco. No charger. Oh Chargers. You said Chargers. Eagles. Oh it was the, it was the Niners. Yeah. Yeah. That one hit. That was good. Yeah. I like the teasers. I did a deep dive on something with teasers and, and it, you know, you know how everybody Al always tells us we're playing it wrong. Like if a team's a five and a half point favorite and we tease it and then like the snooty gamblers don't talk to us for like three weeks. They get mad because we crossed the line because we zero the zero. Yeah. They said never do a teaser unless you're crossing the three key numbers. Three, six, and seven.


So if it's pl on the plus side, you wanna get it like plus one and a half, plus two plus the seven and half. Two and a half. Yeah. And if you wanna bring it down it's eight and a half. Seven and a half. Yeah. Right there. I agree with that. Yeah, I know I'm not gonna do it. I just thought it was interesting. Well on the other end, you just could have teased the bills today to like plus one and a half and you would've won. 'cause you had the bills in the teeth Thursday night. Really good game. Eagles, Eagles, Washington. I would, I would say this is probably the most exciting Thursday night game we've had. There's real stakes division's at stake. Washington could go from seven to two to seven and four in five days.


Better hit it. Exactly. 'cause I did, I was vacillating between two and a half and three and I went Eagles by two and a half. Good. Alright. It's three and a half. Oh, that's what I have. Okay. Not trusting Washington Little high. I guess they think maybe the Eagles can run on Washington. That's a tough spot for Jayden Daniels. Right. Still on the road in division. You know, they, they're not gonna take the Eagles by surprise, that's for sure. Sunday Marquee. That's a nice little seven point tees with Washington.


Get them the 10 and a half Sunday Marquee Game Chiefs Bills game of the year so far, probably right? Yes. They've been a better game since maybe Cheaps Ravens week one. Lots of fun. So as I said earlier, I would've had the bills by one or one and a half. But I think after today, I just think the, I, I just think the cheaps are gonna be favored. I just have cheaps minus one. Wait, what hap I had Bills minus one. It's bills minus one and a half. But what, what did, I don't even understand that logic. What did you see out of the Chiefs that you loved there? It was more what I saw from the bills. I, I feel like with the receivers, what, what I what receivers being out.


I mean, I feel like he's got so much to do. Yeah. Cooper didn't play. Coleman didn't play. I don't know if those guys are playing next Sunday. You know, they have tight ends that can catch the ball. They have that Ray Davis guy. I feel like Alan like gets it done. He figures it out eventually. Zero touchdowns and two picks today. Yeah. All right. And they still won. So you're telling me I get to bet on Patrick Mahomes as an underdog again, is what you're telling me. Yeah. Well that's great news because there's no better bet in sports and I'll be making it. Well you should make it soon, because I'm also telling you that the one and a halfs have swung almost every time this year. So they could easily be giving one and a half. Well, the move is Tuesday morning to tease them.


Tease them right now with at least one game. Yep. Do it with your beloved commanders. Yeah. The watchable five watchable this week. Steelers Home with the Baltimore Ravens. I think the Steelers are gonna be favored by one and a half. Oh wow. Bill. Way off. What do you mean way off? You'll love, you'll love this in a teaser. I had Ravens by three. It's ravens by three and a half. Get the fuck outta here. I guarantee I'm right on that. I guarantee you're wrong. No, I saying I guarantee I'm saying have different thing.


I guarantee him my instinct on what that line should be is the right instinct. Oh, that's stupid. See, I thought the Steelers should, that's idiotic. One favored over Washington, but Washington was favored over the steel. Right. Baltimore's got a very big power rating. Steelers are good. All their dudes are back now. We'll see with Highsmith whether he is out for, 'cause he hurt his ankle on the fourth floor. Right? Yeah. You kind of need ev all hands on deck to Ravens. Yeah. We're healthy until that happened. But well, they'll, they'll score. I mean that's one thing with this Ravens man look out. There's no shortage of points when you play them. Their defense stinks. Yep. I I should say their past defense stinks. Right. I think you can, if you're within seven points of them in the last 10 minutes of a game, you can go down the field and throw the ball on them over and over again and they can't stop it.


That was a great, that was a great Thursday game too. That was one. It was. Yep. I just, and Zach Taylor, we, we kill 'em a lot, but go for two. Nice. Nice. Need a different play. But that was a good decision. I thought it was a good decision. I thought to put up that kind of offense without Higgins was really impressive. Yeah. And Chase was obviously out of his mind, but No, they're good. And Chase Brown had that fumble and I, I just felt like that was in either or Game and the Bengals have somehow lost three of those this year. Yeah. I'm putting this in the watchable just because Drake May for me, is now just in the watchable category and it's, it's, I'm in charge against the lines.


I can do whatever I want. That's true. I have the Rams at the Patriots and I have the, the Rams favored by three and a half. All. I said four and a half. It is five and a half. Ouch. Stop it just a little bit off there. Stop it. Vegas. Wait, what was the, what was the line today? That's stupid. The crowd's gonna be in and a half. The Pats fans are in on Drake may like that. This will be a good crowd on Sunday. I know. I'm seeing, I think there's real excitement about him now. Yeah, that's too high. I think that drops maybe a little Jets. Colts I think has to be a watchable. 'cause this is the, the Jets are kind of train wreck TV now.


Right. It's like when my wife watches Below Deck Australia. Oh, not a good show, but weird shit's happening every episode. I feel like that's the Jets. What is that shit? What is that Below Deck Australia like, you know, below Deck. Your wife doesn't watch Below Deck. No, I'm on the Penguin right now and I, I block everything's the reality show. It's like these people that work on yachts and these people rent the yachts for a week. So they have to, you know, work for the people. But it's all about like the under underneath the boat. Oh wow. Like all, all the relationships. They're all hooking up, getting mad at each other. But then they have to deal with like these people that rented the boat for the week. My wife loves the show. That's fun. Are you buying another yacht?


Is that what you're saying? What mean another yacht? Well, you, you have one and then this would Beano No, I don't have any yachts. Alright, come on. I'm just joshing. You're joshing. I'm just joshing. Yeah, you're gonna get this one. Jet Jet's home for the Cols. I at the Jets Minus two. Oh, all right. I had two and a half. It's three and a half. Come on. This is good. So I, I haven't gotten one right yet. This is good. No, I'm up five. Nothing. This is insurmountable at this point. It's usually a bad sign for my betting when I'm off on the lines like this. Well, I How long, how long are they gonna be in the Jets corner?


These odds makers? Because this is a little bit silly. Yeah. I thought this would be the week when maybe they watched the Jets back off and saw that they gave up four or 70 yard plus drives and 28 first downs and 57 plays and were like, maybe this seems not good. Broncos home for the Falcons. This is like a, an actual good game that I'm excited to watch. Who would've thought Falcons buy one and a half over the Broncos? This was Falcons one night. You get, get to think I'm screwing with you. It was Falcons one and a half. I said Denver minus one. It's Denver minus one and a half now. I promise that's how it went. And they should be favored.


Denver should be favored. You don't think they're better than Atlanta right now? I mean Atlanta could have three less wins and it would totally make sense. Right. Last one, nine are Seahawks in San Francisco. I think this, this just absolutely pulsates of the Vagas zone. Now I'm gonna say nine ERs by five. You get this one. I said four and a half. It's six and a half. Hmm. That's high. I think they play two outta the next three weeks. Is that possible? Yeah. So if you look at Seattle right now, which Oh no, they, they played already.


Sorry. Yeah, go ahead. Seattle season isn't over but it's not looking great. They're four and five and they have at San Francisco home, Arizona, at Jets at Arizona. And they have to go at least three in one in those four I think to even sniff the playoffs. I agree. 4.0 ideally. But that's not, I don't know. Is Metcalf gonna play like that? Like Yeah. It, it seems so important to them. Like AJ Brownish be fairly watchable packers at the Bears. The Bears are not watchable. I can attest to that today.


I'm gonna say Packers by three and a half of this half. Yeah, I said that too. And we're way off, let's say six and a half. Oof. I guess that makes sense because the Bears look awful. Everyone's out on them. Why can't vandal be out on the Jets like they are the bears. But I'll say this, if they fire their coach, I'll be betting the Bears neck in. Oh interesting. Yeah, because you have to clog the toilet or you'll do it like the Clogger shit unseen. Yeah. I love the Clogger. I came up with a new coach stick day other day. This podcast was a success. That's good. You did. You do a good job. Lions are home for the Jaguars and you can't quite go to 10 for this.


I'm gonna say nine and a half. Oh you can. I said 11 and a half. It's 12 and a half. Oh, stop it. That's stupid. I mean they're just gonna kill some teams, right? Yeah, but that's too high. I love that. Three team tees coming off like an emotional win. We're doing it three teams. So we could three team tease that still at 12 and a half. That's what I mean. Yeah, you could, you could get the chiefs. Wait, can we take the Chiefs to 11 and a half? Yeah you can. Oh I'm doing that when we do that. And then the jets to plus six. No, no, no, no. We're not touching that last one is Dolphins, Raiders in Miami. And I said Dolphins by six and a half. You got it. Exactly. Good job. I said five, six and a half.


It is poop. Factora Vikings at Tennessee. I have Vikings by three and a half. Oh no, you went low here. I said five and a half. It's six and a half. Yeah, I'm putting that game on. Upset. Watch. They're not screwing around with these lines. They're like, we're not, you know, even though I know the underdogs, you know, fired away today. They're making these the, the Vikings easily, easily, easily. Could have lost that game today. The Jaguars. I know, but look at the numbers. I know, I get it. I know what you're saying. But they, it was sitting there as a loss and the Jaguars are just too stupid. Yep. Saints are home for the Browns new coach theory still in existence for the second week.


I got the Saints by one and a half. You get this? I had, I don't know. Well am I doing the picks? It's so stupid. It's two and a half. Okay. Sunday Night Chargers Bengals, I of a must win for the Bengals. I'm gonna say Chargers by one and a half. Oh no. Are you making a comeback here? I said one, one and a half. It is. That's in la. I can't, I don't think there's gonna be a huge Cincinnati crowd. Nine to five. Can we go to that? We should go to that and do the podcast right afterwards in the parking lot. Sunday night. No, we're not doing that.


Monday night Texans cowboys battle for Texas. Putting it in the, in the oh man. Cusp of the Vegas zone. Texans minus five and a half at Dallas. Oh no, I said seven. It's six and a half so I get it. Got that one too. That's alright. You won the week. All right. Six four. Congrats. One. Overall I lo I love it in weeks. Yeah. That I, the league must be so pissed. They have to show the Cowboys in prime time. What a disaster. Can we talk basketball for one second? Sure. I'm gonna go clog the toilet. Go ahead.


Actually let's take one more break for the podcast because I have a basketball thing I wanna bring up.


This episode is brought to you by Robinhood with Robinhood Gold. You don't need a silver spoon to eat up the financial favors of the 1%. Robinhood Gold allows others to get the rates and perks usually reserved for the high society. And now the resourceful individual with Robinhood Gold can earn the varied liberal rate of 4.5% a PY on Uninvested cash. you can receive unlimited 1% deposit bonuses and you can be rewarded with a handsome 3% retirement boost on an IRA account. Robinhood Gold provides the privileges of a high net worth for any net worth. These generous benefits are now available for only $5 per month. The new Gold standard is here with Robinhood Gold. Sign up at Robinhood dot com slash gold terms apply for product specific disclosures. Visit Robinhood dot com slash gold. Investing involves risk rate may change. Gold membership is offered by Robinhood Gold. LLC.


I had this basketball thing. I didn't wanna wait till Tuesday 'cause I think it's important, you know Giannis, the buck lost again today. They're two and eight. Yeah, what's up? And I think the Giannis trade stuff is really gonna start. People making up fake trades. And so as I said, I went to that Nets Celtic game on Friday and the Nets are like pretty good. You know they, they don't have like they traded bridges for all these picks. They were supposed to try to tank. They got their pick back. They have just a shitload of picks. They have Ken Thomas who I was really impressed by, who's a very good scorer. They have Cam Johnson, they have Nick Claxton, they have Schroders playing really well. They have like a bunch of good, not stars but like, like enough of a team that the team makes sense when you watch it.


Like they're good. They play defense. Yeah, I like 'em. I think, I actually think they're a playing team. At least I think they can just go all in for Giannis. Oh because PE people are gonna ask this week, who's the team that makes the Inc sense for Giannis? They're gonna be like What about Miami? What about, I actually think it's Brooklyn. I think Brooklyn's gonna be the team that trades for them because they can just overwhelm Milwaukee with all these picks. They own their own first in 2025. They own Phoenix's first. They own the Knicks first. They own Milwaukee's first, which is one through four protected if it's five or after they get it. So the Bucks can get their pick back. They own their own first in 26 and 29.


In 27. They can swap with Hu or Houston can swap with them. They own the Knicks first in 27. They have Philly one three protected in 27. They have their own, they have the Knicks first in 29. They have another Dallas, Phoenix, Houston Worst pick in 29. They have all their own first they have a Knicks first in 31. Like they just can say, Hey Milwaukee, here's Ben Simmons's expiring contract and here are all these picks. Just take all of them, take as many as you want and give us Giannis and put Giannis in Brooklyn. I think it makes sense 'cause I think Milwaukee needs to get out of this. This Dame Giannis thing. I, I just think they have to trade Dame and Trade Giannis and just they won the title get out of this.


And to me it's either Brooklyn or Houston. 'cause Houston's the other team that could, they have picks and young players. It's just like if I'm Giannis, would I rather go to Brooklyn or Houston? I don't know. So anyway. Is it crazy to think Brooklyn could trade for Giannis? No. Why not? Well C could you go over their picks? They have one more time. I wasn't No, but listen, I just wanted to make the point how many picks they had. How about this though? Here's the only way I could be helpful in looking at the Nets to make the playoffs 22 to one. Why would this, why? This is why I brought this up. Okay. 'cause to me it's conceivable that out of nowhere would be like, oh my god, Brooklyn traded nine first round picks at Bensons. This contract and two swaps for this is the most picks anyone's ever given up for a player in the history of the NBA.


But then you look at Brooklyn, so regular season wins right now there are over 21 and a half you look for to make the playoffs. Yes. Is 22 to one. Yeah, that's the bet. Yeah. To win in the conference. They don't have it for the east right now. But the point is like if you think Giannis is gonna get traded, play them play Houston. I don't think Gold State has enough because Milwaukee's gonna want picks and that. I think it's Houston or Brooklyn or the two teams that have all the picks. So if they had odds for where Giannis has traded to, I haven't seen them. If they do, I don't think they do. They wouldn't be 22 to one for the Nets.


Right. They would not. So this, this would be the bet. Like there would be like six to one for the Nets or something. Houston's minus Houston's minus 1 28. Houston has Houston made that trade. They have Brooklyn's 2026 first they can swap Brooklyn in 27. They have a Phoenix first in 27. They own all their Olympics. They have a Phoenix or Dallas first 29. Like they have enough to put a Giannis thing together with some contracts. Yeah. Give them a young player. The problem is they gave extensions to green and Shang goon. So I don't think those guys could be in the trade but But they could patch stuff together. Yeah. But I think those are the two teams. I I think that, I don't think Miami has enough.


Miami would've to put add Abi in it. And if you're Miami, you're trading out Abi and all of these picks to basically put Giannis on the same kind of team he's on now. Right. if you Brooklyn, you have all these role players you can put with him, then you'll have the cap space maybe to get some other guys you have shooting. You have put, I don't know. Anyway. Yeah, I just wanted put that my wife was saying all the same things today. Yeah. Let me ask you this Giannis, if I would've told you second week in November, Giannis is 25 to one to win MVP and he is not a not injured, what would you have thought happened? Like what the hell would you I would've thought he got hurt. Yeah, but I'm telling he is not injured. Like this is, I guess you would just would've, they'd have no wins I guess is what you would've to think.


Well the crazy to one he'll never be 25 to one again. No, but let's say he got traded to Houston and they became like a four seed. Yeah. You know, those are the only two teams I can see. All right. I'm gonna bet this stuff because if you go through everybody else, I'm gonna bet these the, if you go through all the other teams, I just don't see another team. 'cause some people have thrown Golden State around and I don't see how they could do a trade that could compete with Brooklyn. If I'm Brooklyn, I need to do, I need to do whatever I can to get Giannis because I'm completely T But how much is this? You drumming this up and or like it's a very big favorite this up because I went to the game Friday and I was really impressed by the team they had.


No, but would they, would they trade? They're likely not gonna trade it. Like what's the odds that they even trade? Oh, if if like let's say they made me a consultant to the franchise and they're like, what do we do? I would like Trade Giannis and Dame right now. Yeah. Like you have, let's no chance to win a title with this team trade these guys. Now you got the title from Giannis. You have no picks left. You have no path to ever be ever be a title contender with the, the group you have now. Right? Like cut the cord now try to trade for one of these teams before these picks go away to somebody else because the only other team is Oklahoma City and they're not gonna do anything. Alright, I'll do 22 to one. I mean I have to, it has to make sense. And I lost the last seven minutes of my life.


I have to do 22 to one here. I like it. Listen, this will be a YouTube clip that gets at least 80,000 views. Er, Rudy's so excited. Sar Rudy's sending tech er come in for a second. Are you there? Oh no, I love Sir Rudy, what's he doing Sir? Rudy, What's up Brooklyn or Houston? Is there anyone else? I, why does Giannis want to go there? Why does he want to go to Brooklyn? Well, that's the other thing you can say. Why does he wanna stay in Milwaukee? I mean, it just seems like he, if he actually does like pulling the plug in this and I want to get out, he's gonna have more suit. I, he, he, I just feel like he's gonna have the pull to be like, I don't wanna go to Brooklyn. Dude, this is like the worst place in the NBA for me to go. Wow.


New York City. Is it though? Technically? Yes. I know. Wow. How about Houston? It's right too. No state taxes. Houston Houston's great. Yeah. I mean they have the assets like I I, I mean that'd be a great spot for 'em, but I, I just, I don't know why anyone would've wanna go to Brooklyn. Damn It. Rudy State, golden State would be the other one if, but I just don't know what the trade is with that because they don't have the same kind of picks, Minga. It's just, it's not even close to what the other teams could give. All right. So, it Have to be like, I don't wanna be there. Right. It have to be, Hey, I just trade me here. Like, but what, what, he just signed a contract essentially. What leverage does he have? I don't know. I Was thinking like, what if, what if it was Anthony Davis and all the rest of the Laker picks?


Oh wow, man, what did they trade have to look like? But I didn't even, it was like this door bro. I didn't even wanna open. It's like the door in the attic that you don't wanna open. 'cause there's some ghost that's gonna come. Does LeBron agree to it? If they want Bronny, if Milwaukee says that we're only doing it if you throw Bronny, Bronny has to be in the, about Bronny has to be in the trade to make the salaries work. Yeah. Yeah. That's it. Those are the only ones. You go through all the teams. It's really hard. All right. Thanks Rudy. Thanks for throwing my water on my Brooklyn idea. Sorry. Let's, let's do some parent corner. What do you got? Let's do it. What do I have here? Oh, all right. So, well first of all, like, you know, there's, there's a lot of traveling in these tournaments and we have friends in town.


So I told my wife, I'm like, I can't go wherever the tournament is. It's in Santa Barbara, which is not close. Right. So that's an overnight thing. My wife goes with my son, it's a baseball tournament. It's two days. They leave like Friday right after school. First of all, the school thing is crazy. They had teacher conferences all week. So they're out at noon every day, five days in a row out at noon off Monday for, for vet's day tomorrow. And, okay. So anyway, they go on this thing. You are not gonna have a problem with this, but I promise it's relatable. I see on the parent text chain that my wife paid for the dinner last night and it's like, Hey, there's no way to tell how much everybody paid so you could ven me here and Venmo me here.


And it, there wasn't a lot of, oh, thank you so much. Yes, I will Venmo you right away. And I'm looking at this bill right when I have a ton on the chief's money line. It looks like they're about to fucking blow it. And I'm like, no. It was like the worst news I saw on my phone in months. I'm like, well you had chiefs tied to a whole bunch of games yesterday, right? Oh yeah, exactly. I had a lot from Saturday coming over and I'm like, shit, I'm gonna get 30% of the money back. But anyway, that's no big deal. What? Whatever that ends up being fine. My kid goes, they win. They come in second place and there's a picture of the team with their second place rings and everybody's fun.


It was happy. It was like, like five or six games and they, during the weekend and they have their rings and I, I'm scanning the picture and there's my kid with a sour puss face. Not even showing his ring, purposely putting his hand behind his back because he is not, he's not okay with coming in second place and I was like, and then, so he just came home before the podcast. They just made it home. He was like, dude, look at this. You look ridiculous here. This kid's laying on the dirt, like celebrating, waving, showing their rings. You, he is like, I don't like it. I don't even like the ring. I'm not even gonna, I'm not even gonna display it. And it was like, it, it's like a kind of like a nice ring for a kid. I was like, you're a Cowboys fan.


And a, a Mets fan. Like you have to be used to losing by now. Second place is, this is crazy. Great. Yes, exactly. Look at, look at how the country is reacting to second place. Yeah, you should. You should love it. So I don't know if I should push this more or where should I be? This is a delicate balance. Right counter. I don't wanna lose. I love it. I love you. Do. He just, he's a, he's a championship kid. Really? He just wants titles. That's it. Yeah. Like 8% of his team. He's all about the titles. It's just him. All right. That's it. He doesn't like this trophy generation we live in. He wants real ti real titles. You know what doesn't wanna patent it back for a finishing second. I do respect it.


But I'm gonna take that ring and sell it and try to get some of that dinner money back from last night. My wife will never recoup. You don't think she's gonna be circling back a week from now? Like, no. Hey, just heads up. No fucking way. Some of you still owe me for dinner on Saturday. No, because it'll be like, well, Margaret owes me, but then I had a drink with her the other day. So, it, it all evens out. It's, it's all gonna even out somehow. Except there's gonna be no money coming our way. I do love the parents though. I do. I have to say that most of 'em listen to this podcast. But it just, the timing of it with the chiefs and the field goal, it wasn't ideal. So I went back to Boston 'cause you know, my daughter plays soccer for Emerson and she got, she was hurt last year, which we talked about on the pod.


Yeah. And she had a hamstring and then a knee thing. And the knee thing didn't go away. Didn't go away. And by February it still wasn't going away. So we started going to Doctors So. it was going wrong. I didn't talk about this, but I had these different opinions from people thinking what it was. One of the doctors thought she might have like a partially torn ACL. And we were like, oh my God. Yeah. Like you get surgery out for a year. Another one was like, no, it's just banged up. You gotta rehab the muscles around it. It's gonna heal. It's bruise. You have a really bad bruise. Basically every doctor said something different. So we decided, all right, just rehab your legs. Put real time and I'm gonna try to build everything up around, get in really good shape and see if you can come back.


So she really was committed to it the whole spring and the whole summer. She didn't play spring soccer. She didn't even really start practicing until August and just tried to work on her legs getting back and they put her on her minute schedule. Yeah. Raises up. Raises up. And we get to beginning of October start league play. She scores in the first game. Two days later somebody bangs her in the knee. She's a bruised knee, like what Paul George had. So now she's like limping around and we're just like, and she's like, I'm so tired of being injured. This sucks. And I'm thinking, I'm thinking like this really might be it. Like I could see her. Yeah. You know, like she's just so tired of being hurt. And so she was still playing, but not as much.


And she was like 80, 90%, but not a hundred. And then the last week or so, she felt good again. And so they, they gave her more minutes. So they were in the league playoffs and she played a lot of minutes in the Tuesday game and they won. And she scored. So they went, they had a round two game. So I was like, I'm fucking flying back. I was, I'm going back. That's it. So flew back, they had this game, which they lost one. Nothing. It was like your classic soccer game that they had most of the chances and whatever. But she played like 78 minutes and she looked like her. It was the first time she really looked great, you know, this last week where she's flying around and I was just thinking like, I, I was like, I thought it was gonna be over, you know?


And now we got two years left hopefully. And hopefully she could stay healthy. But I was thinking like with the stuff you talk about with your son when you, you go through all these little steps with them. Yeah. You know, from like A YSO in the beginning to when they're on club team and you kind of don't know when the journey's gonna end. And it was just really cool to watch her flying around. A hundred percent. I was like, I didn't know if I was gonna see it again. That's great. Yeah. So now she's got two years left. She's gonna hopefully keep the legs going and you know, you gotta keep your fingers crossed. You never get hurt. But, but we were talking about after, I was like, you have two years left and then that's it. Especially like people who play D three, you know, pe a lot of them are doing it 'cause they, you know, they're not getting paid to play for the school.


It's not like when you get a scholarship in D one, but you really, the people that stick with it like really love it. It and she really loves it. So That's awesome. There are pro leagues though. What do, what do you mean? It doesn't have to be over, you know, but you see as, as your kids get older and you see all the teammates they had and people start dropping out, right? Yeah. And they drop out for different reasons. They get hurt. They didn't wanna keep the commitment to it. And at some point people hit some sort of thing where they're like, do I really love doing this and having a part of my life or I don't. And they can, that's when they, they kind of go sideways with it. And it might happen when they're 15, 16, maybe they get a boyfriend, like Right. And then some people stick with it. So she, you know, she's, she still really loves it.


But it was, it was super cool watching her fly around yesterday. That's great. Because it was like, I was thinking like, I've been watching her play soccer since I was, you know, since 2009, 2008. What I, whatever. But it was cool. I was glad I flew back. We got to hang out and went to the Celtic game on Friday. Good times. Well listen, I'm proud of her to, for scoring a goal. I have a second place ring if she'd like. It might be a little small, but if she, I could ship it to her there ever since. But no, you know, it's a great, it's fun and enjoy the next two years. But it gets me mad that how did they, why are there four opinions on this knee? Like if you had had surgery that you would've had surgery that I know you would've been robbed of that it would, it's 2024.


I know. And who knows if we even made the right decision or not. You know, I'm sure we're gonna look at it again. But it's, it's, the body's like a crazy thing. You have these different people look at it and it's not like they're right or wrong. They see what they see. Right. And Yep. And they judge it a certain way. But you know, sometimes you start wondering is somebody's snake bit, you know, you're like, god damn, how do you, how does you bang bang the same knee right after it was finally healthy again. Right. Good for her. Anyway, she, that's exciting. She loves it. It was fun. It was, you know, I think next year's team will be good So. it was a good experience. Nice. That's good. That's good. I'm trying to think. I have one more parent corner thing for you. I wanted to mention, oh, I can't see, I can't do any of the Ben Simmons ones.


Can we do like a Patreon where it's just like, it's a subscription one? Well I don't know if the subscription, if it's worth, we'll pay for your medical expenses. I guess so. Yeah. I just really wish I could do the Ben Simmons once, if you asked him ahead of time, said, can I talk about this? He would absolutely say no, I should probably, we should probably be recording them and then 10 years from now I can run some of them. Oh yeah. When he is like 27 seems like would be the way to go. Definitely. All right. That's it. The parent corner. What else? Do you have anything? That's it through The Ringer with Tate Against the Odds. A couple times this week we did The Ringer pregame show. I'm eight and two with my wisest wagers that Texans, I was gonna be so mad if the Texans plus three and a half didn't cover.


And Roy Jones Jr. On Cousin Sal's winning weekend. This we're gonna talk about the Tyson fight. I don't, a lot of people now like Tyson, what are the odds on the Tyson fight? It's plus two 30, it was plus two 50. It's tightening up and I bet it's even tighter than, than that come like Friday. I dunno. I know you seem bummed out about the Tysons fight. I, it's everything you like and everything you don't like all wrapped into one morning event. What's the most, the most likely scenario? He just gets jabbed to death. They give Paul the decision because he is the more marketable fighter and Tyson doesn't care. Is that probably the most Right.


He wins by decision. Tyson's so old. I just don't understand how he would win a fight against anybody. Yeah. I watch Paul against Fury again. The, you know the Tyson Fury's brother who was the only real boxer? Yeah, he was good. He's decent. He was decent against, yeah, he's, he lost but he was decent. You know, we're betting Tyson. No kidding. Yeah, we're definitely betting Tyson. We were watching that fight together too, I think. Yep. Hell yeah. All right cus good job by you as always. Good job by you buddy.