
Coming up the NFL is back. Guest aligns is back. Cousin Sal is back Sunday nights with Sal.


Next it's The Bill. Simmons Podcast presented by FanDuel Football. Finally back you can dive into all the action With FanDuel, they have the best betting app. They have the most bets, they have parlays, they have same game barleys, they have boosts. I'm gonna be doing boosts every single week during the NF NFL season. And you can trail those. I love FanDuel. The app is safe, secure, and easy to use. And when you win, you'll get paid instantly. Plus, look out for FanDuel Squares this NFL season. Visit FanDuel dot com slash bs to download America's number one sports book. The Ringer is committed to responsible gaming. Please visit rg help.com to learn more about the resources and helplines available. And listen to the end of the episode For additional details. Must be 21 plus President select state's game problem call winning hundred gambler. Visit rg help.com.


This episode is brought to you by State Farm. State Farm helps you score an affordable price when you choose to bundle home and auto insurance with the personal price plan bundling home and auto. That's a pro move. Just another way you can save on your insurance needs. Talk to a State Farm agent today to learn how you can bundle and save with the personal price plan like a good neighbor. State Farm is there. Prices are based on rating plans that vary by state coverage. Options are selected by the customer availability. Amount of discounts and savings and eligibility vary by state.


We're also brought to you by The Ringer. Podcast Network. if you missed it, on The Ringer NBA show podcast feed. We launched a little side project. We're doing a ringer WNBA show because the season has really kicked into high gear. So we had to do, its Sohi is the Host. It's gonna be on Fridays and then Maybe. you know, if the playoffs get interesting, maybe we'll do a little more than that, but keep an eye out it for it on The Ringer NBA show. Keep an eye out for the next re watchable too. I'm not sure if it's going up Monday night or Wednesday night, but when it does, it'll be one of those two nights and you can watch a lot of the re watchable episodes and almost all of the new ones on The, Ringer movies, YouTube feed, I hope.


Speaking of YouTube that you watch, The Ringer Sunday pregame show that we did for YouTube TV and FanDuel tv. It was a huge success. JJ Raheem House, Sal, I stopped in for the last 25 minutes. It was right up there in the front of YouTube tv and we had a really good show. We had a lot of good picks. We're gonna talk about a lot of the stuff we did picks wise because we, we, we kind of did pretty well, or at least I did. But we're gonna talk about a pretty wacky week one. Cousin Sal is here. We're in a breakdown. Everything that happened, we're gonna do Guest Alliance. And by the way, on Sunday nights every Sunday night, if you love listening to this podcast, you might wanna watch us do it live as we're doing it because every Sunday night this season, Cousin Sal and I on my YouTube channel, the Bill Simmons channel, we're just going live right when we do the pod, which is usually around eight 30, right?


Maybe 5, 6, 7 minutes after the Sunday night game ends. We're just gonna do the recording live and hopefully none of us get fired. So there you go. Sal is next. First. Our friends from Pro Chip, We are live. It's Sunday night. A lot of people don't know this, but when we do the BS podcast, guess the lines with Cousin Sal live on YouTube.


We get overtime games. Sal, who did you have? Just so I know what kind of mood you're in. I had the Rams plus the points, but I had 'em bigger on a teaser. But I just feel bad for the better team when they don't cover the spread, even though they don't care. The better team we're doing that after week one. No, they were, they were the better team tonight. Why? You had the Lions, that was the wrong side, wasn't it? Well, it was 17 to three. They're about to put the game away and then all of a sudden Ram score, the lions go punt. They go pick, they go punt. And the Rams just have all the momentum and then some other lions could get it back. I'm gonna start here because we both had a lot of money on the Lions Futures. Yeah. I have them to win the Super Bowl.


I have them for the one seat. I have them to win the NFC North. And all of that was tied into what happened last year with, you know, Goff answered a lot of questions. He was in some big spots. Dan Campbell, those guys, they've gotten the reps and yet when we were here on a Sunday night and they were down, I didn't have a lot of faith in golf. I think that's a me problem, not a golf problem. Hmm. But I just didn't totally trust them. And even when they had to settle for the field goal, I just wasn't, it wasn't like it is with some other quarterbacks like Mahomes, even Lamar on Thursday night. And I think I have to get over that hump mentally with Goff. Did that make sense? You don't believe in Goff, you're agnostic.


What would that make you if you don't, you don't believe in God? Well, I do believe in Goff. I bet. Oh, you believe in goth? I, I'd like to think I'm a I'm, I'm goth friendly, but okay. There's just, there's that little stuff that happens with him in these tight games where I, I don't have the same faith in him that I have in some of the, you know, maybe top seven, eight guys. It's gonna be very hard to not overreact to all f How many games have we seen? 15. Right? So yes. I I I'll, and this will last for about three minutes, but I'm gonna try to keep everything in perspective. Is it possible the Rams who I, I was joking in the beginning. They're not the better team. They're probably not a top six team. Is it possible they just play great against the Lions and is it possible?


They're just like the, the Pernell Whitaker of football teams. They're gonna make you, they're gonna make you look terrible no matter who you are. Better or worse, you know? Did you go old school boxing with me? I did. I went a little old sleep. We've only been live on YouTube for like three minutes. Little lefty. Why are we live, by the way, this is what's your worst idea? Because this is worse than that. Live. We, you were live this morning on our Sunday ringer Sunday pregame. You did fine. I know, but people are just waking up. They don't care. I, yeah, I had afternoon games, so I got Bo Botox because I don't like the way I look on YouTube, but all right, let's keep it going. We're live. Listen, this was a lot more dangerous 20 years ago. We were on a text chain this weekend. We were talking about the first six months of our cousin Jimmy's show, which he was doing live.


And he made the mistake of having you do staff updates live at 9 0 6 at night Pacific time or whatever it was. And you would come on and just air out different things that were going on with the staff. And people were absolutely terrified. And this say went badly and HR had to get involved a couple times. You're right. It cost a few relationships and jobs and stuff like that, but, and here we are, didn't learn a lot. Well, 20 years later you're older, you're wiser. You've had some kids with Lions Rams. I felt the same way about that game I did about Chiefs Ravens, where it's like, these are two playoff teams. Yeah. Either team can beat either team in different types of situations. I don't think anyone's dramatically better than the other. I guess with the Rams, the big question was what are they gonna look like without Aaron Donald?


And they look pretty good. They got overpowered at the end. But I, I think Collins horse, right, when you're talking about week one, week two, week three, when these teams aren't really in shape yet, you know, you, you're going into overtime. These guys, they, nobody even plays the preseason anymore. So, it's hard. It's hard to say. Oh, they got overpowered at the end, Sal. You know, I don't even, I didn't even watch the game. I just love being in Detroit with Mike eating a Coney dog with you watching the Ford assembly line. Ah, how they make those catalytic converters. It's astounding to me. It really is. You know, there's a bridge that goes right to Canada from here back. You just go right over it. And you're right in Canada. Listen, Collinsworth was one of the big winners today.


Yeah. Because Tom Brady did the Browns Cowboys game. And I love Tom Brady. He brought me six Super Bowls. Let's just say he was a little raw. Yeah. To say the least. So when we got to Collinsworth a couple hours later, Collinsworth seemed like he was Bradley Cooper and Limitless compared to Brady. Like he was fucking spotting everything. He had jokes ready, Brady, I was just hoping he could get through sentences. It was a rough debut to say the least. I'm with you. I like Brady and I, I want him to succeed. And IIII feel like he can easily succeed Now. There's a chance he's better as a studio guy, but yeah, man, there was, there was some lulls that he was supposed to fill and he didn't.


And when he did, yeah. Long stretches of silence where it was like he was waiting for a replay or something. And not even for drama. It was like, while, while, yeah. While the ref sorted stuff out. And, and I, I don't know, it was just strange. But he'll be better, I think. Well, I wondered, he felt over prepared to me. Like he was trying to list, oh, now I'm gonna go through all the offensive linemen on, on the Browns. And it almost reminded me of the excuses after Biden's debate where they're like, he was over prepared. He had too much information. It's like, no, there was actually probably some other problems too. Right. In Brady's case, I think he was trying to do so many things and he was so over prepared. He forgot the part that it's like, we're supposed to be hanging out. We watching a football game with Tom Brady.


Yeah. Like point some stuff out. Deshaun. The, the, the thing I care most about from Brady is the quarterback's perspective. Right? Deshaun was in an absolute nightmare in that game. And it's like, walk us through what you're seeing. What's wrong with Deshaun? Why is he not the same guy he was four years ago? What's what's actually happening here? And and I thought he would've been useful, but he wasn't. I think he was just happy, like, you know, all right, let everyone focus on Deshaun's massive contract, 300 plus million and not mine. And I, I won't bring it up. That kind of thing. Anything else we need to say about that Sunnet game with Rams Lions? Like there wasn't a lot of St. Brown. There wasn't a lot of La Porta. Yeah. The Jameson Williams who I think was in some fantasy auctions.


People were excited about him. He had some big plays on the flip side, NKU who came into the season hurt, got hurt again, disappeared. And I think people were afraid of that. But on the flip side of that cup was incredible. And Cup hit the point where it's like, just can you just triple team him? Just let anybody else on the Ram in the fourth quarter, just can you just put two guys on him? 'cause Stafford's going there every time. So Cup looks like he's back the Rams from what we saw from Thursday from Friday night. And then today the Rams are a playoff team. There's not six better NFC teams than them, I don't think. Oh, no, no. And you look at the quarterback play, and I, I think you guys or Hench was getting mad on our text chain about the defense.


I was like, well the Rams had 20 going into overtime. They ended up with 20. It's like, this is, that was their expected point to actually a shade less so. Yeah, if you wanna get on the Lion's defense, that's fine, but sometimes the quarterbacks just make the throws. And Stafford had some third down conversions that were spectacular, you know? And so he was the best player in that game. Yeah, they're gonna be, they're gonna be gamers. They should get to 10 wins. I forget, I Maybe it was she Cap Padia, one of The Ringer guys threw out Stafford for MVP. It was like 30 to one. Wow. As like a, I mean now they lost today. So that's not helping the MVP case. But it is, when you watch him play a game like that, you're like, this is clearly one of the best 10 or 12 guys in the league. But he took a lot of hits.


We'll see if, we'll see how he lasts. All right, so we have some stuff planned for this. It's week one, which means we have to do the Panic Rankings, right. And I think they're not even the Panic Rankings, they're the absolute sheer sphincter tightening pan panic ratings rankings. And I have Atlanta number one. Unless, is there a team? I don't, I didn't wanna do a draft. I, is there a team you would put over Atlanta? And can we get into Atlanta right now? We can get into Atlanta, but I, I only think because of where they are, it's not panic time. Now I know the, the, the Saints look really good and the bucks look really good and one of those teams may actually be good, but I don't wanna panic just yet.


But if you, if I had a Mulligan, are we gonna do the Mulligan separately or I I just, let's do that separately. So you would have somebody over Atlanta for panics? Yeah. Yeah. I would, I would have the Browns. Okay, let's start the Browns then. 'cause they were by, I had them one A, one B. So the Browns, we argued about this when we did the A FC over unders. You were over on the Browns I was under. And I really only had Deshaun Watson as my reason. I was like, I just, I'm completely out. I don't see it. I don't think he's salvageable. There's no evidence that the guy from the last Houston season is coming back. He was way worse than whatever, whatever I said on that podcast. He was a disaster. And the fans were booing.


You must have been absolutely delighted. I mean, that was like the Dream Dallas Day for you. We could talk about them later, but Yeah, I don't, I just don't know what their moves are with Deshaun. His body language is awful. His foot works terrible. There's plays, there was a couple plays today where they had perfect protection for him in the, in the pocket. And he would just scramble out Anyways, Zach Wilson style and just kind of create a dangerous situation for himself. There was one play in the second half, like three Browns linemen were all like, we all, why are you going that way? We all blocked our guys like, right. Why'd you go this way? He doesn't seem salvageable to me. So I think you're right. And now when I picked the Browns over, I, I mentioned Jamis Winston a lot and I mentioned the fact that they had five quarterbacks and they could do it with five quarterbacks again this year.


If they could find their flaco, and maybe he is out there and I don't know if it's the YouTube thing, why we're getting so political, but this is the second Joe Biden reference. Is it possible the Browns, this is a Biden thing where they knew he was bad, but they're fully invested and today was the debate and he crap themself. And now they have to, they have to make a decision. This is very weak. Yeah. So they threw him out for the debate, basically. And let's just say it didn't go well, right? I looked at some of the numbers. Do you know what his cap with his dead cap hit is next year? Is it 90 something like that? It's 172 million million. That would, that'd be, they waive them.


'cause all the money and all the extra bonuses would all get thrown into one year. That's bad. So they kind of have to stick this out for two, three more weeks. But worst case scenario, you're just doing what Denver did with Russell Wilson and, and you're eating it. 'cause their team's, I don't think a, I don't think it's a bad team. I I think it's they have above average talent. Yeah. Chu's coming back in week five and, and he killed them today. And that's it. That's what happened in that game. Well let's, let's do flip side now, right? Maybe we're overreacting, although I do think it's number one in the panic. May or maybe they ran into a buzz saw that would just crush anyone today.


The Cowboys who stopped playing offense basically in the second quarter and still won 33 17. And by the way, I was all set to apologize for leaving Guest the lines last week with our audience. Thinking Dallas was favored by two and a half when it was really the Browns. I, I, yeah. And I, which is a cancel bowl offense. I I should be bagging prize. That was one of our biggest army hammer that was Guest the line mistakes we've ever had. I think really bad, really bad. I you gotta get like a nephew to produce this and jump on us when it happens. Something like that happens. I dunno. But FanDuel should end up apologizing for not making the Cowboys a two and a half point favorite. That was complete domination. So maybe Maybe, this is an outlier. You look good and thank you.


I mean, we'll keep going with the Panic Rankings, but I mean, to start the day with the DAC contract. Yeah. You had to have just been, so was this all for show? Is this, is this a little showmanship from our guy Jerry? Like, oh, we just, you know what we, on September 7th, we just decided, hey, maybe we're closer with these numbers than we thought. Did they know this was gonna happen six weeks ago? Is that why Dak didn't really say anything? And is this Jerry's way of being like, I'm gonna own week one. We're gonna beat the Browns, I have my signed quarterback and and everyone's gonna be talking cowboys on Monday. Yeah, I think, well it was different like with a CD lamb who wasn't showing up.


But I think, and Romo confirmed this when I talked to him last week. He's like, there's a little, you know, there's a little deviance to this whole thing, which Jerry kind of knows what he is doing. Yeah. He seen the money in the meantime. And these guys could get hurt during the week. Russell Wilson had the starting job and got hurt during the week. Right. So the later you let these guys go without playing meaningful downs, the better. So yeah, he's a genius except for the having not won a Super Bowl in 30 years. Well you had, you know, I always compared Dak to cousins. I think this was the day stop doing that. Kind of ascended over cousins because cousins was so bad. Cousins might be moving to a different point in his career.


Dak got paid. Dak is now the highest price QB in the week. I have a, i this isn't on FanDuel yet, I don't know why, but I think it's going up tomorrow. I have a worst trade ever line with Deshaun Watson versus Bryce Young. There's been some movement. Oh wow. Deshaun is now minus one 40 as the worst NFL trade ever over the Bryce Young trade. I dunno if you saw Bryce Young 13 for 30, I did two picks and just completely devastating loss to a New Orleans team. That might not even be good, but I think that Deandre is still worse. 'cause Well, so did that go up today or I did it? I I, I'm gonna, I'll ask them to put it up, even though it's hypothetical. Go the odd. There's no way to bet on it. Yeah, the odds went up today because de was before that.


Yeah. Yeah. Okay, I see. Yeah. Yeah. I'm with you. I don't know. That's, you can't go, you can't go making Derek Carr looking good like that, that, that, that whatever That Derek Harr Dennis Smith combination. That's really Dennis Allen. Combination tennis. Yeah. You can't do it. But I guess the good thing for them was Caleb, at least they didn't play that great. All right. Yeah. So panic rankings Cleveland one A and Atlanta one B. Yeah. You seem a little, a little more willing to work with the Falcons and make excuses for them than I am. I thought house and I were, this is one of our favorite picks. The Pittsburgh defense just to win this game. So we actually hit it.


But the big thing was like, do we have any evidence that cousins who was a 500 quarterback for the last few years of his career, who then has an Achilles injury who's, you know, hitting the last part of his mid thirties who hasn't played for 10 months, what was he gonna look like against a pretty frenetic, rabid defense? And the answer was horrific. Yeah. I'm not gonna argue with you. I mean, but the Steelers also might be one of those teams that make you look bad. I mean, the Steelers Falcons, that game's gonna be 1210 in the fourth quarter. Yeah. That's the kind of games they, they play all the time against other teams. So of course they play each other like that. Yeah. Cousins definitely needed to be better. But let, let's remember we, we did say that Atlanta maybe jump on them to win the division to zero and three or won and two.


Yeah. So we we're kind of, kind of getting it how we want it, but out of the skill, like Drake, London did nothing. A lot of these guys just didn't show up and Maybe it is cousin's fault, but they should be able to move call and they shut down Bijan. Yeah, we talked about this scenario about how dumb it was Toti bet Atlanta before the season. We now they're favoring the Pittsburgh game. They're playing out Philly next week and then they're home for KC and Week three. And that's a legitimate own three potential. I'm sure they weren't expecting Pennex to be a conversation heading into week two. Now it was interesting in, in, we were in a couple fantasy auctions together and Pennex got drafted in both of them. One was a keeper league, which made more sense, but the other one he also got, he, he, I'm in three leagues.


He got drafted in two of the three. And Yeah, you know the cousins thing Maybe, it ends up like cousins just doesn't have it in the same way. I know it's way too early to tell, but at least like they could say, see this is why you can't have enough quarterbacks. This is why he took the number eight. Like, you know, they could do that. But he was right. I wonder if the GM is high fiving someone because he didn't Yeah. Like see, I told you pick. Yeah, right. I told you, I told you we needed this. What do we make of Arthur Smith? Does he, did he matter? He didn't matter for the Steelers leaving, but he didn't also didn't help. I, I don't know. He definitely wasn't good with Atlanta, but he didn't really help the Steelers. So if you were gonna pick any lose lose, yeah.


If you're gonna pick any team this week, like some team this week will win 18 to 10 and all of their points will be on field goals. We'd be like, ah, that's Pittsburgh. There's no question. Right. Cousins had two picks, but I watched that game pretty closely. There was two other plays when wat, I mean Watt was unbelievable today. Yeah. But he actually should have had two more turnovers. There was, they called off sides on why, where I, it was really dicey. He was absolutely furious. He was yelling at the refs for a while. Right. And then they had another one where there was a fumble. They were covered, but they called some like kind of dubious hands to the face on a D back. But, so somehow it was actually worse if you watch the game, the cousin's performance in the stats.


Yeah. Yeah. It's one, it's a, it's, they call it the Kirk Cousins game and you should have five, but you end up with two. Does Pittsburgh have the best def defense in the league or am I nuts? Yeah, the best defense guys I saw today, guys healthy. Right? When those guys are healthy, you could get used to the other team not passing midfield a lot. For sure. I thought Watt was outta control. The, the guys that jumped outta the TV watt. Your guy Parsons. Yeah. Miles Garrett a little bit. But then once Dallas had a big lead, it was harder for him to do it. But those were, well also the quarterbacks in general. And I don't know why I'm surprised by this just not, you don't see, I think there were four guys who threw for over 200 yards or something today.


Yeah. It really wasn't that, that much. And some got there by accident. So. Well, I do wonder with the, the lack of a preseason, just, are we just gonna get sloppy, you know, the Jacksonville, Miami game I thought in particular, which we'll, we'll talk about. Let's, we'll take a quick break for the, for the podcast. We're gonna stay here on YouTube and come back and finish the pa Panic Rankings.


Well, we just had a great NFL weekend. We're capping it off with 49 ERs Jets on Monday night. Fan's giving you another chance to start the season with a big return on America's number one sports book. you can get started with $200 of bonus bets guaranteed when you place your first $5 bet on tonight's game. And it could be something like, I don't know, let's say you think the Jets are gonna win, Brie Hall's gonna score a touchdown and the game's gonna have more than 37 points. 37 and up. That's almost plus four 10 on FanDuel. So you can make up bets like that. Just visit FanDuel dot com slash bs to make every moment more this season. Don't forget about million dollar picks on Thursday. We're off to a really good start. FanDuel an official sports book partner of the NFLU must be 21 plus in President Select states, or 18 plus in President DC. First online Real Money Wager only $5 First deposit required bonus issue as non-drivable bonus bets, which expires seven days after receipt restrictions. Apply C terms at sportsbook, do FanDuel dot com, call 1-800-GAMBLER or visit rg-help.com.


This episode is brought to you by Michelob ULTRA, a superior light beer Michelob ULTRA good for so many things. Camping barbecues cheering on your favorite team. But it's especially great to have while watching a basketball game or while sitting outside on a nice summer night. Thinking about a basketball game. People you know, they'll, they'll mess around with the Michelob Ultras. Maybe they'll put a little orange slice on it. Maybe they'll pour it in a nice cold, frosty mug. I'm a bottle guy. I like bottles like grabbing the Michelob ULTRA like drinking outta the bottle. I've actually, as of been getting older, I went through a phase where I wasn't drinking a lot of beer. Now I feel like I'm drinking as much beer as I have in a long time, especially during the summertime. And Michelob, ULTRA is perfect. Well, it may not be basketball season yet. The preseason will be here before you know it. So make sure you stock up while you can order a pack of Michelob b ULTRA today. Have it delivered through doordash.com. Enjoy it responsibly. Copyright 2024 Anheuser-Busch, Michelob b ULTRA Registered Light Beer St. Louis, Missouri.


So my number three panic team Cincinnati. Hmm. They were awful. And Kyle, I watched the game with nephew Kyle and you know, I I, I was just out in this pat season. I didn't see a path for them to have even four wins. Kyle is a glass half full optimistic guy. I came in wearing a defensive jersey. 'cause he is, he's like, we're gonna have to do it with defense this year. They played a really good game. Yeah. And the Bengals I think were even worse than the good game the Pats played. And it was just this perfect storm of events. The Pats win 16 to 10. They did everything right. They didn't turn the ball over their offensive line.


They were running on the right side. Their right side was actually like blocking for Armand. You re was great. He was breaking tackles and then defensively can't wait at two and a half Sacks, like stepped right into Judon. They were getting pushed from their front line. Their safeties were flying around, they were tackling, they were really playing for each other. They just played really well. They only scored 16. But yeah, they were good and Cincy was awful. And yeah, I don't know what this means long term for Cincy, but Burrow does not seem like he wants to throw the ball deep. That was, first of all, you apologize to me for what I thought about your team, what would happen and about my team and then the other teams. I was probably wrong about the other 30 or whatever.


But I told you plus seven and a half, I told you that was the way to go. By the way, the Bengals always crap. Oh look at Rowdy Roddy. Look at that about Rowdy Roddy for our first live YouTube. We're all on. Yeah, but you were right. Bengals always, always didn't think they were, were gonna score 10, but maybe Zach Taylor should sit out week one. I mean maybe is is he a, isn't he a better like week four through 15 coach that he is, that guy is never ready to start the season. Plus Jamar Chase is like, yeah, all right, I'll go. It's like a spouse, you know he, he de decided to play at the last minute. Yeah. Begrudgingly. Yeah grudgingly go to party with your wife or your wife goes with you and she doesn't wanna go. you can tell like, oh that person doesn't wanna be there. And Burrow had a deal with this and they couldn't get more than 10.


It's disgusting. We called it in The Ringer pregame show. Yeah, this was the fishy game. I had unfortunately had money on it from, you know, 10, 14 days ago. But there was, there was gonna be no more on this. It was the clear eliminator pick. It was the clear, throw them in every parlay tease the moment, the pass. You asked me what the fishy tease what the, the sexy teaser was Seattle, Cincinnati. And they almost lost Seattle. And Seattle like was trailing at one point. Yeah. Are the Pats sneaky good or are the Bengals sneaky bad if you had to pick one? I think they're both fourth place teams and I think the that's Patriots are gonna pull off a few more upsets.


I dunno if they'll win more games, but you're gonna be like, oh wow, they had it in them. Look at that. Yeah, I don't Pretty good. Brit's fine. I told you there's no 200 yard passers. He's fine. Didn't throw the ball more than like seven, eight yards. It's, it's okay. Didn't turn it over. Really. I do feel like when teams watch the game tape though gonna be going, oh they only, they only run the ball. Right And then just throw quick five yard passes. We could probably figure out how to stop this. But I mean you can't ask for much more from a new coach game. I was really, I mean the last preseason game was so bad. The offensive line stuff all through training camp was so bad. I was really prepared for the worst. And they caught this Beng game. There's a game plan Doesn, they caught the Gatorade.


It's your Super Bowl. They deserve the Gatorade. Right. You win your first game. I'm not against it. Sure. Burrow had zero tds. They had one 20 plus yard catch in the game. The Bengals and Chase, Christian Gonzalez was on 'em a lot and did a pretty good job on 'em. But it was a nice win for the Pats. So there as the Winless team we talked about, I thought it was gonna be the Pats versus whoever lost this Minnesota Giants game. Yeah. And then the Giants who I don't think get to, they aren't good enough to be in the Panic. Rankings you already lost $50,000 in our future. Stink had a 50 I down, I'm down 50 grand. I know That's a lot. That's a lot to some people. Well here's the thing with the Bengals though, 'cause we think the AFCs gonna be good and it might even be seven seed might be 10 wins that's kind of on the schedule.


You have to win the Pats game at home, right. You have the extra home game. You got nine home. 8 0 8. Right. And it's like the pat, you have to start out one and oh, so now you know they gotta go 10 and six the rest of the way. I don't, I didn't like what I saw from them and it didn't seem like they could run the ball as well as they did the last couple years. Didn't seem like their line was that great. I thought the defensive pressure, like they, it wasn't like they were in Bette's face. I was not impressed. Okay, next one. I mean this happened Friday night, but would you put Green Bay in the top five for the Panic? Rankings? Yeah. I just don't know what you'd do. I mean I'm looking at like, can they survive the next four weeks with, you know, let, let's say it's four weeks.


They have Richardson at Levi, whatever. Darn. And at Stafford. But if your answer is Malik Willis, who wasn't even holding the ball right in the picture that the team posted when he was traded to the team, he didn't have one finger on a lace. Which is very, very difficult to, he did that as a problem. It was a problem when we saw it and he is like, screw this. I'm not throwing this Hail Mary. This could be embarrassing. It's like if you gave the football to Jeff Ross and Jeff Ross was like, Hey it's a football, wouldn't they have no what to do with it? He would roast it and toss it aside. Yeah. He would've no idea. But I So what do you, what do you do is like Tannahill gonna help them win games. I guess it's better. Bailey Zappy. What's the panic? Could, could you get one of those Browns guys?


Don't the Browns have four quarterbacks? All of them. All the other guys are better than what Green. Like you can't start Malik Willis. I know. Like if I'm the Packers, I can't start out oh and five or one and four. Like you have to at least get to two and three before love gets back. You. It's true. Probably you might be able to get nine wins for the seven seed, but you just, you just have to make sure you don't like Tank the entire month of September. Which they would've, Mike will, he's not a, it's not a professional quarterback. Don't The problem is the Browns need Jamis. Like they, they they need them themselves. Right, right. Well yeah, but but don't they still have Dorian Thompson Robinson? Yeah. They have DTR. Yeah. You know, I guess they showed, I guess I, they showed the graphic of the 38 Brown starting quarterbacks since 1999.


Right. And I filled the whole screen. It was 38 names. Really? That's sweet. And I shot, I saw Deshaun Kaiser and I think that was my favorite sound nickname. Kaiser. Kaiser soe. He gets Kaiser SOE every week. I really miss that guy. We got rich off that guy. That was nice. Yeah, he was great. So you would've Green Bay higher than four or would you put him four? No, I guess four is about right. I just don't know what the, I I I guess you just have to sit there and panic. I don't know what the, the solution is because their weapons look good in that game. Yeah. You know, like I defensively you're in Brazil, the turf was crazy. The Eagles played really well. I was, I I think the Eagles answered some questions we had about, you know, is Kellen Morgan gonna be different for them?


Is Barkley gonna be different for them? Are they gonna look different? Are they gonna have a different kind of mojo? Like when you consider they had three O2 awful turnovers. Right. And and then they get stuffed near the goal line. And I I mean it's just the fact that they won pretty easily anyway by five with all the things that went wrong for them. Yeah. I thought it was impressive. Barkley looked great for them too. He looked really good. I I hate that that's gonna work out for them. The only thing was the tush push by the goal line didn't pan out, but Right. That one didn't work, didn't, didn't really matter. But it could lead us to you're number five. I mean I can't, I can't imagine this one could be any lower than five for the panic. Who do you have?


I mean, it has to be Carolina, right? Oh, I I thought we'd mentioned Carolina. No, just I just think like, yeah there was some Carolina Buzz and it's like I picked them in our pick bowl. I would never bet on them. Raheem and our Wise wager today. And you guys went around and Raheem's, Raheem's Wise Pick was Carolina. It's like, this is ambitious. There were two and 15 last year. I, I kind of wanna see them play a game. Sometimes it's wise to tank the first wise wager and make people think you're laying down. But it's true. Maybe that's what he did. But, so I had Steven Ruiz from The Ringer on a couple weeks ago who's also a Panthers fan and I asked him for five hottest takes. And one of his takes was that Bryce Young was gonna get benched during the season.


Mm. And I was like, whoa, what a, that's a great one. Like I'm jealous of how good that take is. And from what we saw today, we are right on, right on path for the Bryce Young. I dunno what that team's supposed to do, but you know, let, let's just people beware and you know, Maybe it won't, they won't turn out two and 15 but maybe they will and they'll actually be able to cash in on their number one pick this year where they weren't at last year. But you don't have to bet a team over six and a half that won two games a year before. Right. You just don't have to do it because they got a little more exciting. I thought Bryce Young had way more than two interceptions. I'm looking at this now. 13 for 30. Only at two. Well he's started at each half with an interception. That's right. Yeah. Which I don't know if that's, I don't know if he's gonna do that all season.


He might have announced that privately to his statements. Well he got better. The first play of the first half was interception. The second play of the second half was interception. If had gone to overtime Maybe, it could have waited to the third play. Right. So, it was improvement. Yeah. I'm very proud to announce that. I did not watch a single play of that game. Really? Yeah. Wow. I, I just decided that we would concentrate on six of the eight game. There's eight games in the early slate. I didn't wanna do Red Zone where you're constantly getting, we were trying to watch Six TVs at once and, and I punted on that one and I punted on Minnesota Giants. 'cause I was just like, one of those two teams is gonna be horrible and I'll just find out after which one was horrible.


And it turned out it was the gist. Wait, you did a nice job. You put the four games. They were all good games, right? You had your own. Yeah, they were own four Box, what was it? Yeah, Tennessee, Chicago. I wouldn't say we'll be telling our grandkids about it, but it was entertaining. I might be, I might be. I'm like, hey, you know why you live in a a $30,000 house? 'cause Grandpa Sal bet the fricking Titans plus four and a half and somehow they blew it. Otherwise it would, things would've been better. You had God damn, I mean, what was there, there was a punt block, there was a kick return and then Levi just fall falling down, just flinging it to somebody for the pick six. And they get to two point, it was 17, 16 Titans.


They're plus five and a half. And now all of a sudden they're not even covering, I have a stat here. They led the game 17, nothing and lost 24 17 failing to cover the spread dogs have four more to lead by 17 at any point. Or were 66 and won against a spread in the last five years. Wow. How many other scenes will mean that shovel pass? Hopefully not even this one next week. Like that's not a panic team for sure. But that, what was he thinking with that shovel pass? That was bad. Disgusting So. it had passed three bears before it got to his receiver. He was 19 for 32 for 127 yards. It's like basically 4.1 a a pass. He had a pick six, the Bears got 11 first downs and they somehow won 2.8 yards per, per play the Bears.


And, and they won the game, you know, for the, for the smart people in Tennessee who thought they could improve on Mike Vrabel. Right. They had two huge special teams mistakes and their quarterback did some dumb shit. Who did you have for number five in the Panic Rankings if it wasn't Carolina? Well these think we're, the giants are miserable. I mean I think they're one two right now. But can even, can the Giants even panic about like if you're a Giants fan, are you like, oh my God, I can't believe we're this bad. Like this is, this is coming down the highway at 10 miles an hour. Yeah, I think it's more, yeah, I guess it's Joe Shane and Mike Bel I think are passing. But all these guys, Brian Abel, they all these guys are gonna, Brian, why can't I get anyone's name right? Because you've been doing TV live these pods for 15 hours.


Well, Mike Abel, his brother, he is in trouble. Bill, I'm telling you, I I do think we're Shane after the Barkley thing and at McKinney had an interception the other day and Danny Dimes is getting screamed at. And those terrible uniforms, which looked like they lost a fantasy bet and had a wear like So. it was a lot wrong with the Giants. They, they were the most embarrassing I think. Yeah. They're one of those teams that I'm not sure being home means they have a home field advantage. Yeah. That clip that went around all week about the GM explaining, well they, you know, Barkley goes and goes and the the mayor is in there. Right. And he is like, I'm just gonna tell you I'm gonna be really upset if he leaves and goes to wherever like that.


Like if this doesn't work out, I'm gonna hold. Right. It was like the Godfather. I'm gonna hold some of the people in this room accountable. That guy should panic. That's what I'm saying. Yeah. Listen, everyone's getting fired on the Giants and we're on Belichick watch, which Right. He's on five different shows and podcasts and whatever. Like all, I hope all of these people have cont contingency, I can't speak contingency plants. Yeah. For, for for Belichick. Like taking the Giants job in week seven. Yeah. Could be rolled out. Especially when the Patriots are six and oh and he is gonna be like, enough of this. I gotta get back in the game. I have one more for the sheer Panic Rankings week one Marvin Harrison fantasy owners, one catch for four yards.


He was going for like 32, 33 bucks in these auctions. People there was just massive bidding wars. He was being treated like he was like one of the nine or 10 best receivers in the league. He was, he not only did he only have one catch, he actually dropped a really important catch in the second half. 'cause he wasn't even really involved in the game, but he had a big play over the middle and dropped it and just looked like totally rookie. Meanwhile, Thomas on Jacksonville was awesome. Like not only was guy a touchdown was a guy. Yeah. You mentioned him this morning. He, he caused a big pass interference. He got like a 50 yard pass interference too. Which of course doest count for fantasy, but I thought he looked like the best rookie receiver today. I didn't, I didn't see the neighbors game, so I don't know how best rookie overall I had to, well I'm not gonna go defensively, but Yeah.


Yeah. I mean, and Harrison wide open was okay on the Rams. He was good. He had that big sack at the end of the half. Yeah. But they, yeah, Harrison was wide open the last drive. And that gives you the little insight is like Kyle Murr was just done with him by then. He's like, yeah. And I'm not even looking at that, that you're, you're outta my purview right now. Right. But yeah, well I think we overrated the rookies at least for week one. No question. if you look at Stroud didn't have like a good for week one either last year, right? 220 yards interception. So yeah, we, why had, we should remember that it was in pencil and I erased it, but Chicago was in the sheer Panic Rankings and then they ended up actually winning. It was not, not an awesome game for 'em.


I I think if they had punted te Caleb Williams up 17, nothing. Every time they had the ball, I don't think that guy was, it was gonna take him 20 drives to terrible get, he was terrible. He was terrible. Get to terrible 20 points. He was terrible. 14 to 29 93 yards. Ugh. Some of those, can we just call them the Zach Wilson's now when the guy panics and rolls to his right and just flings it, I like it. One out of every seven throws was pretty nice, but he missed dudes. Like he had Keenan Allen wide open going down on a touchdown, missed them and they had 11 first downs and they somehow, somehow got the win. Let's, let's take one more break for the podcast and then we'll hit the rest of the games to do Guest lines.


This episode is brought to you by NFL Sunday Ticket on YouTube tv. One of my favorite products. And baby I am back in my role as YouTube TV's CMO, chief Multi-View Officer. That's right. NFL season. It's finally here. Thank God. What were we doing without it? There's no better way to tune in than with NFL Sunday Ticket and YouTube tv. You get access to every game, every Sunday, all in one place. And with the upgraded multi-view feature, which I love so much, you can even customize which four NFL games you wanna watch at the same time. That's what I'm gonna be helping out with. That is one magical Sunday. My friends And. guess what? We get a bunch of them all in a row. Sign up today at youtube.com/bs device and content restrictions. Apply local and national games on YouTube. TV NFL Study ticket for OUTTA market games. Excludes digital only games.


This episode is brought to you by Vuori. I love sports. I know you do too. I also know that lots of you exercise, but if you're like me and my wife, the the beloved sports G, you're sick and tired of ugly, uncomfortable workout gear especially, you know, I do a lot of walking. I walk around LA I make calls, I listen to podcasts. Here are two words that will change everything. Vuori clothing, a line of active wear that is unbelievable. The best thing about Vuori is you can lounge around in it, you can work out in it, you can go outside, you can go shopping down your local wherever. And you never feel like you're either underdressed or overdressed. You're just comfortable. you can wear it when you're training, traveling, lounging around the house. Go get yourself some of the most comfortable and versatile clothing on the planet. Here's the deal, our listeners get 20% off their first purchase at Vuori dot com slash simmons. Once again, VUOR i.com/simmons.


So some other stuff that Nobody believes in us rankings. I have, I have our week one top four. Pittsburgh has to be number one, right? They carried themselves that whole game. Like I can't believe you guys thought we were fourth place team. They're the first place team in the a FFC North right now. They're a little like Dr. House, right? Oh, who's the, the the or you know Joe House Quincy? No, no, not Joe House. I'm gonna get this first name right. No, but like they're the, I told you so team like Yeah, why don't you believe us after all these years we're gonna make, we're gonna knuckle ball our way to make this close and we're gonna beat you with six field goals. Doesn't happen every game. And by the way, why didn't you remind me Simmons Steelers lose first half Steelers Win the game eight to one odds that hit again.


It fricking hit. Come on. We just had, where were, we had so much shit going on. I forgot all about it. You're literally on a 90 minute pre-game gambling show. No, it needs to be three hours. Oh my God. That's, they should name that thing after you Falcons had 10 points. They had, their longest pass was 20 yards. They only had 226 yards Total offense. So the D was awesome for Pittsburgh. Yeah. But the bonus was, fields was pretty good. He fumbled the first snap of the game. No more turnovers or any weird stuff from him. He hit Pickens on a couple long ones. He had a couple big scrambles and he was like, he's not the reason they won. But he didn't lose the game for them.


Yeah. And I gotta say he made a couple plays. He is a little more unpredictable than Russell Wilson. I thought he was okay. And someone whispering to him like, yeah, you go 17 for 23, a buck 50 a little more. Don't throw any touchdowns, but please don't throw any interceptions and we're gonna win nine or 10 games. Just do that for us. Yeah, I think that's where he is. Yeah. Just take off when you're under pressure, just keep the ball on the sidelines. Don't throw any traffic. But I thought he, I actually liked how he played. So that's number one. Number two I think would be New England, who we covered for Nobody believes in us. I think the Chargers are three. Yeah. You had the Raiders in that one. I did. it was a weird game. There were some Raiders injuries on the defensive line in the game.


It looked like the Chargers couldn't do anything. And then as the game went along, they started running the ball Dobbins who looks like he's running like a 5 2 40, but broke a broke away a couple times. They Tate Frazier was there, our friend. Yeah. Apparently I Why he sees a ticket. He apparently a charger sees ticket holder. He said it was 70% Raiders fans. It did not matter. Chargers ran 27 times for 176 yards and they end up winning. But that's not what I wanna talk about. Although there are So Nobody believes in us Energy 'cause nobody, they're over under his eight and a half, you know, not a lot of people picking the playoffs. Antonio Pierce.


Yeah. The Raiders non-term coach. No one believes in him. They're down, that's for sure. They're down six, there's like six minutes left in the game and they're on the Chargers. 40 43. Yeah. And it was like fourth and fourth and five, fourth and three, I can't remember. No, no one, what was it? It was fourth to one. Yeah, yeah. Fourth and one from the 43. They punted. We punted. Yeah. And it was, it's, it will be the worst punt we see all year. I, we'll not, well nobody will beat that. It was an absolute disgrace. I can't believe this guy who's like Raiders way. Right. We're bringing the toughness back and he is like, he's, I'm gonna fucking punt with six minutes left. Unbelievable. Ugh. Couldn't believe it. They did it last year too. There's a, an account on Twitter, a surrender index or something.


I I I'm not gonna do it justice, but yeah, that's surrender thing. Right. And it's in this situation, it had a surrender index of 1 31 0.72. This punt ranks as the hundredth percentile of cowardly punts of the 2024 season and the 99th percentile of all punts since 1999. Where do you like your surrender index to be with your head coach in the one fifteens, one twenties for Mike? 1 31 0.7 200% is pretty so tough to be so basically you can't do, you can't do worse than that punt. No, I guess because you can't get the 101%. I'm pretty sure if you punted from like the 20 yard opponent's, 20 yard line or something. But I don't think he'd have a job so bad.


It's weird to say a week one game was a loser leaves town match. But I I, I do feel like whoever won that game was gonna be like, right. Oh my God, they're gonna be the seven seed and whoever lost was just gonna go into an abyss. But the Chargers Herbert didn't even really play that well. But when he needed to make a couple throws, lad McConkey made a couple plays for them. Right. I always feel maybe Maybe he was the best rookie. Yeah, yeah. There's always receivers that can, you know, make a couple plays at least. So I had them number three. You you, I'm just starting to realize you might have lost bets today. No, I did. Okay. Okay. I, I didn't do, I didn't do bad. I mean that Titans thing is, I, I should be happy. Right. My cowboys won to look so the Titans thing killed Deck was on.


Yeah. It just killed me. It was just insulting that that I, you know, but it was good to get mad at the TV again. It had been a while. Weren't you good? Weren't you yelling? It was a good to scream at the pla. I was really mad during the Lions game. I didn't understand why the Rams were coming back. It's like, you guys should be the one seed and prohibitive favorite in the NFC. What are you guys doing? Lions right. The only other Nobody believes in us, Tampa, new Orleans, or both Tampa I thought had a little of the energy. They were only getting three and a half points at home or giving, giving against Washington with the rookie QB and the worst defense I think probably in the league. And Baker really poured it on at the same time. Deshaun is imploding in Cleveland, which was kind of a funny dichotomy.


But yeah. You know, Tampa, everybody was looking for, we all see the same stuff where it's like, you know, six playoff teams from the year before don't make it. So you gotta knock out three in each conference and you just go through the NFC. It's like, well Tampa, I'm knocking them out, I'll put in Atlanta. And everyone just knocked Tampa out. Their over under was seven and a half. Yeah. We weren't excited about them when we talked about 'em, but their offense looked good. And Godwin looked really good in the game today. It's funny 'cause a lot of times when we did the over under win totals, we, you, you shouldn't look at the playoffs so much 'cause it doesn't factor in. But we totally disregarded Tampa. I know that wasn't a 500 team. Yeah. But they made it to the playoffs. They handed the Eagles head to them.


Baker was an exciting player. And this Mike Evans. I know. We don't wanna put him in our top three receivers right now. Yeah. But he was playing like, it's a contract year every single year coming up with 50 50 balls where he is like getting elbow in the, in the face mask. Like, it, it's craziness. They're fun to watch. So we had that. My number one favorite future was that NFC South will have under 30 wins. Yeah. And they got two today. But from what we've seen, Carolina, if Carolina wins three games, it's gonna be a miracle. I don't think like that's an overreaction. Like they're terrible. Can I tell you what I realized was a problem with that under 30 wins. What? They, they all, they all play each other. And unless you're gonna root for a tie every time Tampa plays New Orleans and Carolina plays at Tampa.


So they play, but they play six games total against each other. So that's just three wins, right? Is that how it goes? 2, 4, 6. Yeah. A Hey, we're doing math. I can't do math live doing math. Live. Live on YouTube. Yeah. So you wanna do Mulligans? What's your mulligan? Well, all right, let's do one player and one team. Yeah. My Kirk Cousins comeback player of the year. It has to, has to go by the wayside. You're here. Tossing aside. Okay. I have to Is that your player? Yeah, that's my player. You wanna do your, your player or should I do my team? I'm not, I'm not willing to give up on Trevor Lawrence yet. That was a weird game, but I didn't like, and there was pass interference yards he didn't get.


Yeah. So I wouldn't put him The et TN on on Jacksonville. Yeah. Bigsby looked really good in that game. Et n was going for like 40 bucks. He's on two of my teams. He was, he was being treated like an RB seven, RB eight, RRB nine. He continues to turn the ball over and do dumb shit. Ble through the Enzo. Yeah. Enzo and Bixby behind him looked really good. And that, that one, I think that that would be my regret. IWI wish I didn't have so much, so much Travis stock. Yeah. Two my three leagues. That would be my What do you for a team?


My team. I mean I could pick the Browns or the Raiders. Those, they were disasters. You should pick the Browns today. I would advise you to pick the Browns. No, they're gonna have a different quarterback. You're gonna Oh, take the Browns. A guy's gonna come in with a mask. It's gonna be like old time wrestling. I'll tell you what, I'm gonna, I'm gonna say the Lions only because I have 'em to do so great. I have 'em as the one seed. I have 'em as the longest undefeated team I have as the most wins. I have Ben Johnson as Assistant of the year. I'd like to cut back on a little of that. If anybody wants to buy it. You'd like to offload some Lion's action a little bit. I still have 'em for the Super Bowl, but I just, I may have, may have gotten overly excited about 'em. I wish I had picked Tampa, not Atlanta, to win the division.


Really? Atlanta checks so many boxes of don't fall for this. It's a lot of shiny new toys and a lot of new people. And meanwhile they, you know, their first round pick, they didn't mean they took somebody who doesn't start. It was an eighth pick in the draft, which, you know, they could've even Jared verse or Murphy in Seattle, they could've taken any of those guys. Just had a really good defensive guy who could, had a presence today. Their third round pick got hurt, was out for the year. New coach, like it, it just, it seemed too easy. A GM who seems like he might be kind of a dope, the way he tried to explain the cousin's Pennix thing and then signing Simmons and Judon where it's like, we have these guys, they're named guys, but maybe they're like a year.


They just, and then everybody was on them. Like the odds moved big and there was just a lot of red flags. And I was like, I just didn't wanna take anyone else in the division. But if, if I had to Mulligan and I would take Tampa. That's fair. Well what's the odds you still get plus odds for that, right? Forget the mul Mulligan. Just take the Tampa Bay. Well, no, but I never bet on Atlanta. I just Oh you did? I picked, I picked it, but yeah. Oh, just as a pick. I'm not, the only bets I had on that division were shorts. A couple more games. Yeah. Bill's Cardinals played out exactly like we were all thinking where the Cardinals offense was gonna put up some points. We thought there might be some scenario where Kyler had the ball near the end trying to either get a cover or be in there.


They took a big lead and then the Bills basically just took over. Do you know how many 10 plus plays Arizona gave up today against Buffalo? Gave up 10 plus plays. Plays that 10 plus yards. Got at least 10 yards. Six 14. Wow. That's bad. That's bad. Wow. Was I not watching that game? That's crazy. Arizona and Washington I thought had two awful defenses. Yeah. But Arizona has a lot of talent on offense and moved the ball and kind of stuck around in that game. And I gotta, I gotta say like, I thought that was past interference at the end.


Yeah. They could have flagged it. I just thought that they call that all day every day when we watch football. And for some reason the guy wasn't looking. He hit, he hit swung his arm in the receiver's chest and it, and wasn't a call, but I thought Arizona could have stole the game. Russo was awesome for Buffalo. People were wondering like, who's, who's gonna be, you know, their front seven maniac? And it turned out it was him. But I didn't love what I saw from the Bills. Would you think? No, I it it's different, right? We're not used to, we're used to like Gabe Davis and Stefan Diggs, I think he hit nine receivers or nine pass catchers for 10 yards or more, which is another weird 10 yard stat. So, and that Keon Coleman, I guess that was one of the better rookie standouts.


Yeah. Went for 51 yards. So they're spreading it out. They ran on the ground. They were okay. 130 yards. But it might be a case where Arizona just has a bad defense and it took Buffalo a minute to get started. But yeah, for sure they could have thrown that. We've seen that a million times. Flagged the worst. They and I missed a couple games 'cause I didn't watch that. Giants, Minnesota and I watched the Carolina game, but Washington and Arizona I thought were the two worst defenses I saw today. Washington's defense is awful. And that was ultimately why I really wanted to pick them to make the playoffs. And I, I just couldn't get there with them. A couple more games. Seahawks Broncos Seahawks come back and win.


Seattle's offensive line looks really iffy. Yeah. I have a lot of Seattle stuff. I have like them for the playoffs. I have them for the over, I just thought they might be a sneaky, maybe even could steal the division if, if the niner season kind of goes sideways. But from what we saw today, like bone nicks was terrible. Rookie QB on the road. Like you can't be too surprised. But I did not like how the offensive line on Seattle looked. Gino was like doing a lot of backpedaling running for his life. They finally got the run game going in the second half. But I, I think that's something to watch. You don't think, you don't think a team should have more than one safety. You think two is too many for an offensive l at, at one point I, and I had a lot on Seattle. You asked me if I lost money.


This was my make up money after the Titans. And of course you should always do this. People, if you're down in the early games, load up on the late games on a big favorite. Oh, it never fails. But anyway, Seattle's money line was my pick and I still was rooting for that third safety. I was like, wow, that would be so cool to see three safeties in a half. And it almost happened. They punt it out in their end zone. It it almost happened. Yeah. Yeah. So yeah, I had, I was pretty disciplined with the bets. I did a Seattle Detroit Parley to Nice to later just 'cause I was bored that it just seemed like there was a lot of time between the early games and the late games. And I was trying to think of a phenomenon like that. 'cause I ended up doing this kind of dopey, like Browns, Washington, Detroit, but adjusted.


And it was like five to one odds. And I was like, I never would've done this eight hours ago, but it's four or five and there's still football and I'm kind of excited for this. Yeah. Don't let it fly. Yeah. It's week one. What's, what's week one? What's, it's the equivalent would be like when you're in the airport and your plane gets delayed for an hour and you're like, I'm not even hungry, but let's go to the store and see what they have. And then all of a sudden you're eating like jalapeno chips or something and you're like, I'm not, I don't even want these. Why am I eating these? That's that bad. Right. Or if it's the Vegas airport and you're like, oh I know these slot machines haven't paid off since 1977. Right. But I'm gonna, these are completely 'cause I, 'cause I need a seat. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I think if Bo Nicks, I know he wasn't good, but if this was like a week six game, they, they might've won.


I don't, I don't know that it would've been close. Yeah, that's it. We didn't, they Packer's Eagles is the only this Friday night. But did it, anything from that game that you get excited? Could we say the field, I mean fix the freaking field. What are we trusting someone over there to be, to do the field? Or do we have our own like the, the ambassador of Brazil. Like, hey, we got this guy Hector. He he is, he's great. He's gonna take care of the field and they're wants, as soon as they showed it, it was bad. And the other thing is, don't the players warm up on the field? Like why is everyone changing cleats all throughout the game? I, maybe it's just something I don't understand, but it, they should have been able to see that they couldn't cut on this in warmups. I thought it was a disgrace.


And I don't think they care. They don't care. The NFL they could care less. Yeah. Like, hey man, it's winter. Everyone was playing on that field. Both sides. It was the conditions are the conditions like they don't care if love had had that knee injury because of the field versus how it actually happened. I think it, it probably would've been a bigger deal. Have you? Right. I don't know whether it's like Twitter and how fast the videos go, but I feel like I'm getting better and better at figuring out if somebody had a torn ACL or not. Yeah, I think so too. Do you feel like you're getting better at it? Yeah. Yeah. I think I was looking at it, I studied the Twitter. I'm like, you know what? That looks like a meniscus or an MCLI don't slow motion replay the pop.


Yeah, the pop threw me off a little bit. You don't usually see the pop in the knee, so, but yeah, you're right. I think we are because he walked off the way he was on the sidelines. I was like, that doesn't feel aish to me. It doesn't, you know, and even how they were talking about it after, but that, what do you think about Fridays in general? I don't know if I can do 'em. I mean, it's great the first week, but I don't, I don't, that's a young man's game. I had to sign on the docket to talk about. Yeah. Okay. Would you sign up for, I give you three choices. A weekly Friday game, biweekly or monthly? I have to monthly pick one. I think this really tears into relationships and marriages. And when you're doing Thursday, Friday, if you're a yeah, college junkie like me Saturday and then all day Sunday and Monday night, it just becomes too much.


Now there's a law or a rule or something where it said since the sixties you can't play on Fridays past Labor Day Week. Yeah. So that's, but Goodell will have that changed. Right? What would you say out of those? It's an actual law. I don't know what it is. What, what could it be? Thought something was signed. I thought they just thought they had a gentleman's agreement that they would, you know, never go against high school football on Friday nights. Let's look into this. It was like a TV had something to do with it too. I don't know. Well, which one would you pick out of those? I would like monthly. I really liked the Friday night game. I had a great time. Our friends, Robin and Krista came over. Robin's a big Eagles fan Right. Game came on at five. We were watching that. And the, the Tiao just self combusting at the same time.


Had a little Minnesota Lynx versus the fever on the third tv. Right. A little tennis. WNBA Friday night NFL threesome. But I really liked it. I had a great time. The game ended at like eight 30. It was still like, there was some time and the night left and I thought it was just weird fun. It's a lot and fun. I know it is. Sports Broadcasting Act 1961 prohibits the NFL from holding games on Friday after 5:00 PM for, from the second weekend of September through the second weekend of December. And deference to high school football. I don't know. Wow. They'll change. It was that, was that like in JFK's first term? JFK's like, eh, we gotta fix this Friday night football thing.


Yeah, that's what got him in trouble with the Cubans, I think. Yeah, that's why, that's why the ma history. That's why the mafia took JFK up. Exactly. Got Friday in football. So for next week, we're gonna do Guest the lines at a second, but for next week it's the dreaded 10 to three scenario. 10 early games. You have your word cut out for you with this three leg games box. Yeah. And what's funny is the games all kind of suck. So I was looking at possible multi-view Tampa to New Orleans, Dallas, Seattle, new England and Green Bay Indie might be our best four. And Green Bay would be with Green Bay's backup quarterback. Who could be Ryan Tannahill or Thompson Robinson or who knows?


Wait, you said Cleveland? Jacksonville or no, you're, you're, you're done with Cleveland altogether. I don't, I don't ever wanna watch Deshaun again if I don't have to. I mean, he alright. Today he was only one of four games. Like if he's one of the 10 games, I don't wanna watch Deshaun Watson play football. Well that is one, that is the one thing the Friday game did is you looked at that early slate. It's like, oh yeah, we could have used a, a better quarterback in here somewhere. One or two. But no, I think, I think you're right. Although, well, we'll get to the lines in a second. All right, let's, we'll take a break and we'll do a Guest the lines.


This episode is brought to you by PNC Bank. Unlike this podcast and things in life should be boring like banking. 'cause boring is pragmatic and responsible, levelheaded wise, all the things you want your bank to be, you don't want your bank to be exciting. Exciting is for three point buzzer beaters, not banks. That's why PNC Bank strives to be boring with your money. Because when your money is doing what you need it to, you can do all the un boring things you wanna do with it. PNC Bank, brilliantly boring since 1865. Brilliantly boring since 1865 is the service mark of the PNC Financial Services Group, Inc. PNC Bank National Association. Remember FDIC.


This episode is brought to you by TikTok. It is never been harder to parent your kids. You have less idea than ever what they're doing on their phones, on their computers, wherever it is. As teens start exploring online, it's natural that parents wanna make sure what they're seeing on TikTok is safe. So it's great that tiktoks family pairing feature let's parents link their TikTok account to their teens, helping ensure the content they're seeing is safe. This is a great ad. As a parent you can restrict access to search, you can enable restricted mode to limit content that may not be age appropriate. And you can choose words or hashtags to filter from your teens feeds. Learn more at tiktok.com/guardians guide


week two. You beat me in week one. Guest the lines. Yeah, we Guest the lines every week, week two. Thursday night is actually a pretty good game. Dolphins Bills and we didn't talk, I guess Dolphins Jags was the one game we didn't really talk about. I I didn't think the Dolphins looked good at all in that game. And the game got swung by this crazy Travis ETM play where they're up 17 seven, he's running into the end zone. Ernest by style. Somebody pokes the ball out, fumble goes into the end zone. When you have the team where the guy fumbles into the end zone, it's one of like the top four worst football fan on the couch feelings, right? Oh yeah, yeah. It's like, oh, oh my, oh my God.


And for nothing then you seven points off if you had the over and the game that's, that's screwed up. Next play 80 Yard Tyreek touchdown on a play that only he can score. You know, we have to, we haven't talked about and we re and we talk about the Tyreek thing too. Yeah, we didn't talk about that either. Yeah. I mean he was destined to score. I I made us bet plus five 50 that he scores twice today after that, you know, after they unshackled him there. But he only scored once. But yeah. Wasn't even gonna be more motivated than after you're when after you're arrested. Even Scotty Scheffler was able to figure it out. Well he seemed really pissed off about it after the game. Yeah. And you know, somehow this is another NFL tradition where some sort of off the field something becomes a major story.


And this is gonna be the major story over the next couple days is what happened, why did he get arrested, who knows what. And Miami Police and it just feels like this will be a 48 hour thing. I was surprised that it didn't affect him because that touchdown that he scored was one of those. He's the only player in the history of football who could have scored on this. Right, right. Cutting it up, it's out. But you have to somehow do a 90 degree turn with two guys on you, but then keep your speed, full speed but not go outbound. And he's the only one. Is there any other other football player you've ever seen who could do that and remember to do the handcuff celebration at the end. Yeah, right. Didn't do that too.


No, I don't think, I don't think there is anyone sense, but, but yeah, they, and you broke the news to us before we went live on about six minutes before we went live. Yeah, I'm ring a pregame show. I was like, oh you're screwing around. This is you just trolling jj who's a big Dolphins fan. But no, this stuff happens pretty regularly now. It's amazing. Yeah, well for the Dolphins, they were about to go down 24 7. They get the fumble, they get the touchdown. The moment he scores, you're like, oh, they're definitely gonna win. Then they end up gutting it out basically. But Jacksonville completely fell apart. I had it written down, I know you had Jacksonville but, and we're used to Miami, but did it seem like there were more plays for Miami that started seven yards behind the line of scrimmage than ever before?


Yeah, I mean you got all these speedsters and he is throwing these swing passes that are like five yards beyond the line of scrimmage and then they get, they'll run eight but it's only a plus three. Like I didn't the dolphin offense about did you think two it was good in that game? 'cause I did not. No, I don't like the game plan. I don't know Maybe, it was miserably hot and you just go with the team ultimately with the wider jerseys. Yeah, that's why I, when it's, you know, Florida and September, it's hard to say Miami had 10 quarterback pressures. That was one thing where I thought, I didn't think their pass rush, maybe especially in the first month without Chubb would be the same. But they actually did it Jacksonville second half when they had 10 point lead, punt punt, red zone fumble turned it over on Downs with just a classic stupid Doug Peterson play.


He's, he's good for like four of those a year. Right. Punt punt. And that's how it went. They got the ball back 17, 17, 2 13 left. And Lawrence got sacked twice and that give the ball back and that's how Miami ended up winning. So that, that was a pretty awful loss for Jacksonville. But I also, if I'm Jacksonville, I'm like, we, we win. If ETN doesn't fumble like that game's done. So anyway, as we head to Guest the lines for Thursday night, it's in Miami and I have Dolphins minus two and a half. Oh you went a little high. I said one and it's one and a half. Mm. Lemme just check. You get that? Lemme just make sure. No, you get that one, one and a half.


Yep. It's a good line right in there. It's a good line. What a weird week for Miami. They're playing two football games and they're gonna have this Tyreek Hill. Why was he arrested? Fiasco. Yeah. And that's just all gonna happen over the course of nine, six hours. And like Daniel's trying out for Boogie Nights two humidity was not good for whatever he is trying to do with his hair. I have to say that they needed to play Sister Christian while he's just zoning out watching someone throw firecrackers our Sunday Marques game, which we really need. 'cause there's only three late afternoon games. But we got a Chief Bengals game in Kansas City and, and it's not a, there's no must wins in a week two, but the Bengals getting thrashed by the chiefs and going down oh and two for the season.


And that, I mean that, that might be unrecoverable for them. So I have, this has to be in the T zone. I have chiefs by six. Yeah, that's what I had. Five and a half is the correct answer. Yeah, we should come up with a name for that. 'cause this is where we, there's always a one oh and one team that we're like, oh, they have to win this week. There's no way this team's going Oh and two. And then they do go oh and two and then they show that stat. Well like, well only 12% of the teams who have gone oh and two have made it to the playoffs or or 4% whatever it is. So it, I mean I don't think Cincinnati is that team. They're pretty hefty underdog in Kansas City. But they seemed, now granted this is why you get into trouble with week one over reactions.


Yeah. But they just don't seem as potent as they used to. You know, and Higgins didn't play but Right. They didn't have a running back that scared me. Burrow didn't seem like himself. Chase that. Pat just took him out and they didn't really have a lot of places to go. Like they had a touchdown to Gai in the corner that he ended. That was interesting. Ended up not holding onto Yeah, kakis been bouncing around like he was in the Pats, you know, and that was who they were kind of going to on a key play and then somebody else fumbled on the next play. You, you wanna pencil the Bengals in for 34 points offensively. Right. And I just don't think we're even close to that team yet. Well I remember, so when we did the over under pod, I had some of the alt unders for them because this is a Raheem thing.


Yeah. They under eight and a half wins for them was plus two 50 under seven and a half wins for them was plus four 40. Yeah. And it's like, is seven and 10 insane for that team after they lost the, I wouldn't say seven and ten's insane. No, we should have banged that out. Yeah. Wish we talked. Especially after the slow starts every year. The watchable somehow in a 16 game slate. I only have one watchable and it's Rams Cardinals in Arizona. This is a super fun game. 2 0 1 teams by the way, division matchup. These teams have had, I, I wanna say they've had entertaining games in the past.


I feel like I've watched a couple of them. I, I don't, I don't have it on hand, but I feel like these games are usually kind of fun. Had a wild card playoff a few years ago on a Monday, I think. Yeah. I have the Rams favorite and I didn't know whether to go one and a half or two and a half. And I settled on two and a half. Oh nice. That's what I had. It's one and a half we tie. So it's one and a half. Okay. That's fair. You love Arizona on a teaser. Love 'em. You know, they're just a good teaser team because if you take them past the touchdown, even if they're down double digits, you still feel like they can get the, the cheapy to come back.


You know what, I don't wanna sound arrogant here, but a lot of times we'd say, I love this. I'm gonna bet it right after we do the podcast, before the podcast post so that the line doesn't move. We don't have that luxury anymore unless we do it right now. Wow. We're do it like literally right now because we're live on YouTube, right? Because we're live. Yeah. People are like, what? People are moving the lines on us. Yeah. Fairly watchable. I have six games. The first one is Ravens Raiders. It's in Baltimore. And I guessed the lines before I got to, I watched the week one games. I did a pre preliminary Guess it change?


No. And then I ch then I changed to my picks after. This was one of the ones I moved after watching the Raiders. I think this has to be over seven. I have Ravens by seven and a half over the Raiders. Yeah. You get this. I don't know why I went light. I don't know why I love this Raiders team. I said six and a half. It's eight and a half. So you were a point off. This is gonna be tough Sled for the, for the Raiders. They, so this is the no way they go. Oh and two team, right? Who? The Ravens. The Ravens. Yeah. Yeah. Well and the Raiders, they could lose this game go oh and two. But they're next to a Carolina home. Cleveland home then they have at Denver.


Right. So the schedules in their favor gets done. I knew that was a reason I liked them. Yeah. Yeah. You did love their schedule. Okay. I like that spot for the Ravens, by the way, man. It's gonna be hard not to tease them. Did we tease that now before it gets to nine? Oh, it just got to done. We got a lot of viewers on there. It's nine and a half. It's 11 and a half now. Yeah. All right, next one. Jaguars. Browns in Jacksonville. There's a chance it's gonna be super hot in this game. Mm. I have the Jaguars by three and a half. That's what I had. I'm gonna announce what I was off before. I What is it tell you is it's three?


Are we way off? Oh, it's three. No, it's three. Okay. What'd you think of the brand's defense today? I don't, they, it reminded me at times of what they did against Houston. Like they went most of the year without giving up big plays and then they couldn't help themselves against Dallas. Yeah. And CD wasn't even extraordinary either, so. No, but Garrett's always a, a menace. Garrett. Garrett went up against our rookie and beat him up pretty good. But I was happy. He's terrifying. Yeah. Jets Titans is the third. Fairly watchable.


I have this because the titans, you know, I don't, I don't know. This feels upset ish to me. Especially if the Jets win in San Francisco on a Monday night and it's like now they're gonna go to Tennessee and easily beat 10 and then all of a sudden they're down 17. Nothing. It's in Tennessee. I have the jets favored by three points. Three. I was a half point off. I said five. It's four and a half. Oh man. That is done a lot of respect for the Titans. I mean that Levi, that mayonnaise, coffee drinking, fricking backward peddling that I, I I'm just sick to my stomach. I'm so mad. Do we have to do the rankings of players? You, you hate their guts in the 2024 season.


I'm so mad at this guy. Levi is number one for you. You know, I'll never claim that someone's trying to throw a game, but he was just like, ah, get it was like killed a man with the ball and he is just like, get, get away from me. Get away from me. Take this. And then, and then he like throws a fit on the field. He is like, watch that, that too. Go back and watch that. That was sickening. They should not have won, let alone covered that game. Ah, we're back. You know, I should have put Lion's bucks in the watchable. I apologize to the Bucks. Yeah. I'm gonna move that up. That's a mistake. That's a bad jab by me. Lion's bucks. So we have two watchable this week. It's in Detroit, Tampa. The way they moved the ball. I should have put that in that category. I have the Lions favored by six.


Yeah, I was way off here. I said three and a half. It's six and a half. Hmm. I thought a little more respect. I don't know. What were they favorite over the Rams? Did they play four in round one or am I crazy? They played in round one or round two. Didn't they play in the playoffs last year? And the Bucks kind of hung around round two, right? I imagine that Tampa. Yeah. Round two beat Phil. Eight round two Tampa. Yeah. They were in that game. Yeah. Yeah. Yep. Line feels a little high. Okay. Next one for fairly watchable Colts at Green Bay and God only knows what this line's gonna be. I, we didn't talk about Colts Texans.


So let's do this right now before we do the Cols Packers guess because I forgot to talk about Colt Texan. That that game was really fun. The Colts, the Texans ran 76 plays, the Colts ran 43. But Richardson had three 50 yard plus passes that were completed, including that one. Was that to Pierce one of the craziest passes ever. It's insane. He was falling backwards and just chucked at Roberto Clemente, Bo Jackson style. Like Dave Parker, like a, just a 300 foot bomb. And he, and he was super exciting. I he was all over the place. But his, his highs are really high and his lows, he, he was doing this.


But I feel you'll get that with the Colts. I'm trying to think like, who was the fun team? Maybe they're the new Chargers or maybe the Chargers will always be the Chargers, but I like the scoring potential for them. So the Texans ended up not covering that. Right? Right. 20. They giving two and half because ended being two and a half. I think we said that was our rat game, right? Yeah. And, and our overreaction game. But I don't know, maybe we didn't overreact to that. I feel like Richardson was not great, but had I thought it was a good throw away. Yeah. House. House had it at as his wise guy Lock. Yeah. Houston had 26 first Downs had 213 yards rushing. Mixon had 34 for 1 59. I mean 34 is by far, I think his biggest output for, for Carries.


Yeah. Yeah. So you look at the box story, you're like, how is this close? And it was close. 'cause Richardson made three insane throws. Yeah. And kept them hanging around. But Kyle mentioned this actually when we were watching it, it was a physical playoff kind of game. I I thought that was like the most playoff ish of all the early games for how hard those guys were going and hitting each other and yelling at each other and Yeah, definitely. You expected one of 'em to roll over by the fourth quarter. Yeah. Yeah. No, it was a, the Colts are a little better than I thought, so. Yep. I have, I actually have the Colt's favorite in Green Bay. 'cause I don't know who Green Bay's quarterback is gonna be. I have Colts by one and a half. Oh, you're gonna steal this from me. I had one and it's three.


I mean, I guess, I guess it doesn't have to be Malik Willis, but my God, even three is low. If it's Malik Willis, Tom Brady. I guess if he came back he would have to, he'd want the job for the whole year. Not for four weeks. I decided he'd back for four weeks and then go back and do announcing. Yeah, that's right. Last one. Steelers, Broncos House tried to get the name Backdoor Bo for Bo Nicks going. And it didn't take, I don't, yeah. Didn't work. I don't wanna call another human being backdoor Bo but he, he was pretty rocky. I talked to our friend Guss Ramsey, diehard Broncos fan about it after.


And he's like, he's like, I'm not gonna overreact talk to me in November. But he had, he had one throw and Kyle and I rewound it. He threw the, he threw a pick. He's throwing in triple coverage and the ball was in the air and it hadn't gone for the interception yet. And you could hear the announcer go, oh no. But the ball was still in here and hadn't been caught by anyone yet. Yeah. But that's how bad the throw was. So he had a couple Oh no plays. I watched him a lot when he was at Oregon. Yeah. 'cause my kid goes there and everything and I don't know why I, I feel like whatever. They were all bad. I I but I did see five throws I thought were good. Yeah. And maybe that was just the toughest place to play.


He also has a bad history in Washington losing to that team last year. So I can't say their skill position guys were knocking my socks off. That's the other thing. Yeah. That was the other thing. They, that is a, that offense might even be worse than the Pats offense. At least we had re able to. I like it. I like where you're talking now. No, I, I'm not going keep you around. What do you think this line? Wait, where do we have this? I have the Steelers favored in Denver by one and a half. Do I get this? Yeah. I said three and it's two and a half. I'll tell you this. Going from Seattle on the road to home against Pittsburgh is not the way to start the season.


If you're a rookie qb. Right. This stay wars defense is gonna go nuts. I love the steel war in this guy. I might bet this right now. I might bet this as we're talking. Went up, went up to six poop, poop fta five games. We have a five game poop fecta. Week two. Hello. I guess Seahawks Patriots. Does that qualify as a poop fecta or fairly watchable? What would you have? I like a lot of these games still. All right. I'll put them, I'll put the pats in. Fairly watchable by the way. Do we have to, can we, we usually take a team out of the playoff running. Can we knock out two? Oh I I I have, I have a spot for that. Oh you do. All right. All. So Seahawks at the Pats. I think the Seahawks are favored but I can't believe I'm saying this, but it might be a winnable game for the Pats with that Seattle offensive line.


As Mike Lombardi always says, bad offensive blinds don't travel. Right. And they'll be traveling New England. I have Seahawks by two and a half though. Who gets this? I get it. I said four. It's three and a half. Oh my God. Are you gonna beat me again? Let's see. Why do you do this to yourself? 5, 6, 7. 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6. I am up seven, six. Jesus. Still have a few more. Jesus, I think this line settles at three or two and a half. What do you think? Yeah, probably. Okay. Yeah. Well Kenneth Walker as a Red Cross by his name. I mean he was outstanding today. Oh gosh. if you can't go. Oh really? He's already red crossing it. Yeah. Yeah. A little bit poop. Fact of 49 ERs at the Vikings.


So you don't think the Vikings are poop facty just 'cause they beat up on the Giants? No, I think you're probably right. I think this is when they come down back to Earth. But it is a short week, right? Yeah, for San Francisco. It's in Minnesota. I have 49 ERs by four. I had four also. It's five and a half. Mm. You wanna tease that? I mean, chain came over to watch some football today and he was saying how some, he has some mole with football stuff. Oh. And the Mole was telling him how darn was gonna have a big year in Minnesota. And there's a lot of, lot of stats that back up him, him being good. This is Chang.


I don't know. I tell you Mole told him some A player's gonna gonna be good. A player that a mole at Amazon forever told him was gonna be good for the Vikings and to watch out for Donald. Wow. Yeah. I need names. Tell him I need names. We need his source. So 49 ERs Five and a half. Next one. Donald was a few years ago. Donald like led the league in rushing touchdowns after three weeks. Like he ki he does this sometimes. He had that run with the Panthers a couple years ago. Yeah. I didn't. That I might actually made the playoffs for. Yeah. Speaking of the Panthers, they're home for the Chargers. I was off by two and a half points here. I'll just warn. Really? Yeah. I have the Chargers by three and a half. Oh wow.


You went the other way. You win. I said seven. It's four and a half. Oh, why Vegas zone. Hold on. Teams would just lighten this junk squad up by 40 because the Chargers like barely got to 22 points today and Alright. I don't know. And like they're laying more than five points when they can't really score points. I can see why that line's like that. Yeah. But you're about to, about to whatever, whatever spot you have us in Declare Carolina not playoff worthy. And once they hear that they're just gonna give up on the year. I am willing to cross off Carolina right now. There you go. Alright. Did we do a second cross off?


Right? I I would also cross off the Giants right now. The Giants. Yeah. Those were my two. Have we ever crossed off two teams at week one? I don't think so. But how does either make a comeback? I wonder. I'm gonna check on on FanDuel really quickly. 'cause they must have the playoff odds, right? They don't really have it. No, they just, they don't have, I don't think. Yeah, they do have the playoff odds. Oh they do. Oh, just jets and nines? No, just for the two teams. Yeah. Damnit. Yeah. Okay, well here, here's why. It, it's, it's bad enough. The giants looked as hideous as they did, but we're pretty confident the cowboys and Eagles are gonna be good. Right?


So yeah, that's four losses. That's four losses. Right. And I'm not, by the way, I'm not totally confident on your team. Really? What do you need to see? I thought Deshaun was that bad. I don't even know what to make of that game. I thought Deshaun was so bad. There was no way to even tell that much about either team. Hmm. Can I say this though? This goes on the reported and maybe I shit on running backs too much. But I, I know that's your problem with my team and a lot of other people. It's one of many problems. Would you rather have a a 1200 yard rusher and an average kicker or a 750 yard leading rusher And the best kicker in the fricking world at anyone's ever seen, he lined up for 71 and it seemed like he, they might actually let him try it.


Yeah. And when a fan's disappointed when they don't let your kicker try a 71 yard field. 'cause that's where I was. It's like you, this is a no brainer. Of course you have to let him try 70. Yeah. Let's see if you can do it right. Yeah, I think that guy's worth points when we're looking at lines and stuff like that. Even more so think's a like what the way Tucker was. I think that's a good point. Yeah. I think Dicker is that good too in the Chargers? I have Dicker in all three fantasy leagues. Yeah. And I think he's, how many field goals did he have today? Like four. I think he did have five. Yeah. Four or five. Four. 'cause he had, we could look Yeah, because he had 12 points in our, in our fantasy league. But I could see him having like 40 plus field goals this year's. Alright. Right. But he is not blasting 65 yard.


I mean it's not a monster monster. He's, no, that's a good point. Speaking of your team, you're home for the saints. I threw this right in. This was Vegas un watchable. What did you, this is, what do you consider this? Not watchable. I put this in the ecto. Oh really? All right. I don't wanna watch the saints. Derek Harr had 200 yards passing today. You understand? They didn't, they didn't make me think any differently of whatever. Whatever they did against the Panthers. I don't care. Fine. I'll move it to fairly watchable. Just so this is, but this is your No way. That's fine. I'm gonna be fine. We only only have three poop factor games then if we're moving that. Yeah, that's fine. I have the Cowboys by five and a half.


You lose on this. I said six. It's six and a half. Oh, that's too high. I, that's stupid. So you're gonna beat me this week. Oh. Oh, I got three games left. 8, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9. No, I'm only up one. Yeah, there's three left. I'm off by half a point. Two and a half points. I'm sorry. Half a point. Three points and one and a half. You could, you could do this Washington at home against the New York football giants. So you have probably the worst defense in either conference against maybe the worst offense in either conference.


I don't know what to make of this game. I only know that it needs to be in the Vegas zone. And I have watched him by five. Wow. I had three and it's two and a half. Really? I don't get it either. Because so you're gonna beat me. God, when Minnesota gave points on the road, I was like, what? That's nuts. They can't do that. And then they made it worthwhile for the, I mean this is, this should be probably higher. You know, Washington moved the ball in that game. Their fle kicker missed a couple kicks. Cade York. I didn't think their offense was that bad. They just can't giants.


They try to get Daniel killed a couple times but, but I thought he got a little bit better as the game went on. I did too. I will say he seemed pretty skinny out there and I know, I knew, yeah. I know that he was skinny coming in and Right. You know. But when you actually see him against all those giant NFL players, he's strikingly skinny. They're bigger in the pros for sure. He stood out like, like skinny in a way. Like when he was scrambling and there were people coming at him, I had real fear for him. I was like, please don't get hurt. Jaden Daniels. I've been enjoying them. Sunday night Texans home for the Bears and I have the Texans by four.


Oh you got this? I had six and a, I had three and a half. It's six and a half. Six and a half. Jesus. Well that's Vegas saying they didn't like the Bear's offense. You could tie me here and I'm off by a point and a half. 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9. 1, 2, 3, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10. Yeah. Ten nine. Good guys. One left. I'm off by a point and a half. Okay. Well I have the Monday night game is Philadelphia home for the Falcons of Atlanta. And I have the Philadelphia Eagles by five and a half. Alright, you got it. Exactly. So I can't be too upset. I said seven.


I am not buying this Atlanta team at all, but it is five and a half. But nice spot for the Eagles. Yeah. What, 10 days off days. Were you scared days as a cowboy fan? Were you scared watching them with all the weapons? I didn't like the barley thing at all. I thought their defense wasn't that great. But also it was, it was so hard to tell on that field. Yeah. So that, that was my ultimate takeaway. Shame on the NFL.


All right, we're, we're just gonna do Parent Corner. Today's Parent Corner is brought to you by Workday. Get the whole band together with Workday and pair finance and HR on one platform for an epic performance with Workday ai. At the core, you'll make confident decisions faster than ever and you'll drive flawless business and finance operations with an agile platform that constantly evolves to future proof your organization. Be a finance and HR rockstar with Workday. Visit Workday dot com to learn more.


Sal, what's your parent corner? Take it away. All right. So I don't even know this is so inside baseball, but IIII promise it's gonna be interesting to people. So yeah. How would you describe Don Baris to people Don Baris who warmed up the crowd for Jimmy Kimmel Alive Forever. Still does. Yeah. Very nice guy. I would describe him as a true, one of a kind character. Right. And maybe super happy and maybe every once in a while gets, gets been outta shape about something crazy person.


He's a crazy person too. I was trying to be nice said that. But also, no, it was a delight. But also could much like a lot of people in our lives, you know? Yeah. All starred in the movie Windy City Heat, the cult classic. Right. So he don hosts a show on Twitch called The Pretty Girl Show. And it basically, Don, another way to describe him is like the conductor of the Demented Orchestra, right at the comedy story. He has a show called The Ding Don Show and he brings people from all walks of life who would never be paid to perform in any capacity. Right. And they all get on stage and whatever. And it's like at, at at midnight. So this show he has on Twitch is an offshoot of that. And somehow my son Jack, who I talked about in the Grimace costume last week has become a part of this show.


And so, but now that school started, it's Friday night and it's like nine o'clock or something. And, and Jack went to the Redondo Costa football game. Now there's like 2000 kids there. This is our big, our big rival. I think LE's Son is the quarterback for Redondo. The place is packed. Jack calls us at halftime scores 13 seven by the way, calls us at halftime and asks if we could pick him up because he has to get home to appear on what's called the pretty, the Pretty Girl show where Don and Jack are on and someone else. And then there's a couple of like pretty girls who decide who they would kiss in life. And Melissa hates this that Jack is on the show, but he was all, Jack is only on to give picks for football on Sunday.


Okay. And so Melissa is out of her mind and he did it. We, we had to pick him up 'cause he threw a fit to Beco to go on the Pretty Girl Show. And he is just on for like 20 minutes. He gives picks and gets off, but it's not really a place for him. And I kind of laugh at it 'cause Don's our friend, but my wife is really, it it, it's getting bad. So I don't know what the, and I asked someone, I was like, Hey, did anyone else leave the 13 seven Game Ghost in Redondo to appear on the, to be in the Pretty Girl Show Show? No. It turns out he was the only one. Do we need the Pretty Girl Show in The Ringer or is it, is is it a long term term contract with Twitch can do it? I don't know man. you can negotiate with them, but they, they play hardball there. Yeah. So it's like a, a dating show also.


It's not even, but also Jack comes on and gives football picks. I don't what kind they'll show, show is. They'll picture of Bill Simmons, they'll be like, oh, would you kiss this guy? And then like this 45-year-old woman, they'll be like, no. Yes, yes, no. Like, you know, and they'll show like, you know, Snoop Dogg or someone, you know. Yeah. And it's usually like famous people. But anyway, he doesn't jump on for that part. But when they give picks at the end, which no sense that probably a good idea. Which makes no sense. Yes. Yeah. Yeah. He shouldn't jump on at all. Yeah. I'm wrong about this. I know. I gotta, I gotta, I have to ban him from the Pretty Girl Show. I'm sorry Don, I love you. I think it's a good idea to ban him. How old do you think your kid should be before they appear on He Probably over 18. Yeah. He's not 18 yet, right?


No. No, not yet. No. Yeah. Okay. Alright. Speaking of son's aging into different parts of their life. So my son got his driver's license three weeks ago and he didn't have it. You know, he, he as I I, I don't remember if we talked to him. Parent Corner might have failed the test a couple times. Yeah. And then finally passed it. The test in California is super hard for some reason. I have no idea why. And I have no idea why you have to wear a mask over your eyes to take, that's why it's hard. Yeah. It's just, it's so complicated. Then you pass the test and then you drive around LA and it's like Mad Max and you're, you're just seeing all these cars, like how did that person pass the test?


That person tweet me between three lanes. So anyway, he got the car. When our daughter got the car, it was always like, I'm going here. I'm go, you know, she, she would be texting us at stoplights. I'm almost there. Hey guys, I got to, you know, always checking in. So we knew where she was and we could check on Life 360, Ben got the license and we basically haven't seen him again. Wow. It's, he's now turned into, he's basically renting a room in our house. He is like, Hey, what are you doing with that extra bedroom? Oh, it's just this guy that comes in. He works, he works nights, we don't see him a lot. He passes in, he's just gone. He leaves in the morning. The first day he went to school, he's zoomed out of the driveway.


And my wife and I looked at each other like, oh my God, how had this, the kid from, you know, 15 years of parent corners just drove out of our driveway. Right. And then he stays after. He is like, I'm going to study at this guy's friend. I'm going over there. We decided to go to the movies. He just doesn't wanna be here for any reason. And I know you went through this with Archie, so you've already been through this, but I don't think people realize just what a massive confidence hit it is when your kids get older and they can drive. Yeah. Because your kids think you're the coolest person on the earth until they're what, 11, right?


Yeah. That's fair. And then from 11 to 16 you're just kind of hanging on. And then by 17, and Ben's not even 17 yet, they don't wanna be with you at all for any reason. And the, the kids that wanna be with their kids, I'm almost suspicious of them. I'm like, why do you, why did your kids like why does, why does he like his parents this much? Why doesn't he get some friends and leave the house? Like my son who's never fucking home? My point is, I thought when he went to college we'd be empty nesters, but I think it's already happened. We car is huge. I think empty nesters already. You still have that third kid. Yeah. The car is huge. The car is like the last I don't need you anymore thing.


I mean obviously you always gonna have to fund stuff. Right. Until they're 18 and beyond. We're we're, we're, I'm basically like a loan shark for him where he is like, Hey, can you spot me $300? Can you Yeah. You're never getting it back. Yeah. Paid for gas. Oh, I gotta get oil. Can I charge oil to the Yeah. Car you gave us. Like, but yeah, he's just gone. The car is an unbelievable mechanism for independence and I don't even realize it and I'm dealing with it with my father now because we're trying to get him off the road and he is like, no way. No way. I am staying on. And so funny, you and I talked about this morning with the Tyreek Hill. I'm like, oh please, someone take my keys. I I'd be happy to never drive again. Right. That'd be great. It sounds awesome. Exactly. So yeah, no, that's, it is, it is such a symbol of, of independence.


Well Kyle saw it in action this weekend, today. 'cause Ben was at this peer leader retreat all weekend. So he was gone. He was gone for two days and we're like, Hey, can you text us? See how it's going? We don't hear from him for 36 hours. We could just tell from Life 360 where he is, and then he is doing the, ah, there's no wifi where I was, I couldn't get ahold of you. It was like, I find it hard to believe there's anywhere in the United States that doesn't have wifi at this point. So anyway, we don't hear from him. If you're locating him on 360, that I think there's wifi. Yeah. Yeah. I'm pretty sure the wifi exists. He just didn't wanna talk to us. So then he came home during the early games, right. Comes in, sits down, says hi to Kyle. He's like, I gotta go do homework.


We get, what? Two minutes Kyle did. We get, we got no info really at all about the retreat. Didn't give us any tidbits. Goes upstairs, comes back down a half hour later, or the knapsack on. He is like, I'm going to study at Victors, and was gone. And that's been my interaction with him all weekend. That's it. Less than te he, it's basically our relationship is like the Panthers offense. Wow. It's just, it's, it's just three and outs that's, I see him in the kitchen like, Hey man, how's it going? It's like, it's going good. It's going good. All right. Let's see you later. Wait, so he is not making the playoffs? No. Is, he's probably going to the, like, the Panthers. Wow. Yeah. So anyway, I'm an empty nester now, so thank God my wife and I like hanging out.


'cause I, I don't, tha I can totally see why people get divorced now. Yeah. He's so smart though. if you, if you don't like each other when that house gets empty, it's fucking brutal. Yeah. You run outta people. If there's a dog there, you can maybe hold on for a couple years and if they add football on Friday nights, you really doom. But football Friday, it's maybe a puppy. Yeah, maybe I need a third dog. Yeah. But yeah, it just goes fast man. I meant to tell you. I like it. I was impressed with Ben. What night was it? That was still last week, right? It was Tuesday night. We did our draft and we're on Zoom, but we're doing an auction. He stopped Ben, it pops up right behind you, Ben. And he had like a Satchel or some something and he is like, I'm gonna go do Ho. Oh, who'd you do? He was interested in your team for about like 45 seconds.


That was it. And he is, he did a, he did another three in hour drive. He's like, I'm gonna do homework. Because he knows he is not gonna get pushback. If he tells you you're gonna do homework. Anything else, you're gonna be like, where, where at What too? To what time? You know, I'm gonna do homework. It's a great line. So boys, so this happened with Archie too, right? Oh, yeah. Yeah. Same thing. Because you said that's, you came home from college for the summer and you just, he just slept late. Didn't say never wanted to spend time with anybody sleeping late. Bowling and that college football game. That was it. I, I guess we can go back and see him if he's playing college football downstairs. Well, I thought about it when I was in high school and the moment I got a car, my parents never saw me again.


And I never wanted to be home. Yeah. I was always at like Jim Grady's house or Bishop's house or any, any friend I had. I just didn't wanna be home. Gus's house, wherever. Yeah. Playing video games, getting home at two in the morning. It's healthy. It makes sense. So I get it. But from parent's perspective, it's a little, it's a, a bummer. Well, I think you think when you have kids, it's gonna, this person's gonna be in your life, like in this substantial way. But the reality is it's like these little peaks and valleys and there's these these long stretches where they're just kind of gone. Like, you know, my daughter's in college 3000 miles away and when she FaceTimes it's like, oh my God, she's FaceTiming us. This is so exciting. I get to talk to her. Yeah. Otherwise, like she could just, you know.


Yeah. Yeah. I guess the lesson is have lots of kids have kids, six, seven kids. They'll need you potentially again when they have grand. When you have grandkids and they have kids and then you have to, you know, watch and stuff like that. That's when you'll get 'em back. I think a little bit until then, they're off on the Pretty Girl show. Right. Maybe they, maybe they meet somebody at The Pretty Girl Show. All right. That's it for Parent Corner.


Thanks again to Workday for sponsoring this segment. Be a finance and HR rockstar with Workday. To learn more, visit Workday dot com.


So you have, you have the Against All Odds podcast this week. Cousining. Yeah. Cousin Style's winning Weekend on Friday and then Ringer Sunday. Pregame show was a huge hit today. It really went out great. I did it. Yeah. Yeah. I really liked how it looked. It was a real TV show. It was the kind of TV show we'd always talked about. It was right there on YouTube tv. You could find it immediately. We talked about a lot of bets. How do we do on the wisest wagers though? Did we go over four? I don't think they were so wise. I don't know. I had the, who was Un Lost? Wagers Titans. You lost that house, lost someone at Arizona. The Cols 5.0. The cults lost somebody in Arizona. JJ and Arizona covered. Yeah, I think somebody did. Yeah. We're not, we're not in it to win. Also Rattled.


Yeah. With the, with the Tyreek thing. And the DAC contract was thrown right at us about a minute and a half before we went live. But yeah, it's good. You came on. You get to pick your box. We're here so I came on. Yeah, it was, I had a great time. Very excited. Alright, so you can, you can follow that on YouTube tv. you can watch this podcast right now as you're watching on the Bill Simmons channel on YouTube. We're gonna do it every Sunday night. This went pretty well, right? I don't think anything bad happened. I think so. I don't know. Kyle, anyone wanna jump in? What would you cut? What would you have Cut? No, I don't think anything. I think we were pretty careful. Good. It's week four, week five. When we get groggy I think is when, I think that's when it's gonna get a little s Yeah, but well we're gonna do it in German so no one's gonna know what we're saying.


The pod was produced by Kyle Creighton and Steve Uddi. As always, thanks to those guys and I'll see you on this podcast on Tuesday. Thanks, Sal. Good job by you. Good job. You all right? That's it for the podcast. Thanks to Cousin Sal, thanks to Steve Uddi and Kyle Creighton for producing as well. I'm gonna have more podcasts on Tuesday and Thursday this week. New re watchable Monday or Wednesday. Not sure which day yet, so stay tuned for that. you can watch all the clips and you can watch the entire live broadcast of this podcast on the Bill Simmons channel on YouTube. I will see you on this feed on Tuesday.


Must be 21 plus in President select states for Kansas and affiliation with Kansas Star Casino, or 18 plus in president dc. Gambling problem, call 100 gambler. Visit rg help.com. Call 1 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org/chat in Connecticut. Or visit md gambling help.org in Maryland. Hope is here. Visit gambling helpline ma.org or call 803 2 7 50 50 for twenty four seven. Support Massachusetts, or call 1 8 7 7 8 HOPE ny. Or text HOPE NY in New York.