
In the fall of 2014, a group of hackers pulled off the biggest Hollywood heist of all time. They broke into computer service belonging to Sony Pictures, and released hundreds of thousands of top secret documents. The attack would cause an international incident. Upend thousands of lives and change the movie industry forever. From Spotify and The Ringer Podcast Network. I'm Brian Rry and this is the Hollywood Hack. Listen on the big picture feed


This episode is brought to you by Nissan Flex Your ruggedness in the Nissan Pathfinder Rock Creek Power. your epic adventures with 3.5 liter V, six engine 2 95 horsepower Take on those big bad trails on these big bad tires. 18 inch Beadlocks style wheels with all terrain tires to be exact, designed to be aggressive, all the way up to the front row, which is magnificent. Find your path in the Nissan Pathfinder Rock Creek. Learn more at Nissan usa.com. Intelligent four wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


This episode is brought to you by one of my favorite things of life. NFL Sunday ticket on YouTube tv because that time of year, it's coming up again NF NFL season. Oh yeah. And while it's still only the preseason, you don't wanna miss a moment. With NFL Sunday Ticket and YouTube tv, it gives you access to the most live NFL games all in one place. Right now, save $85 when you sign up for NFL Sunday Ticket bundled with YouTube TV and get every game every Sunday. Sign up today, youtube.com/bs device and content restrictions apply. Discount apply to first four months of YouTube tv, then 72 99 per month. Ends August 29th. Terms restrictions, embargo apply. No refunds.


We also brought to you by The Ringer Podcast Network, where I put up a new re watchable on Wednesday night Kyle Brandt. And I did Rudy and we had a blast. And you can also watch it if you want, on The Ringer movies YouTube channel. So there you go. if you're getting ready for your fantasy draft, I hope you're listening to The Ringer Fantasy Football Show. Hope you're checking out our Ringer Fantasy Football guide, which you can find on The Ringer dot com. Or you can be checking out Ringer L Show or The Ringer gambling show. Or you can be checking out Ryan s podcast. We have a lot of stuff to get ready for football season. We've been doing that right now. In this podcast, I'm playing five favorites with four people.


Kyle Brandt. We just did Rudy together for the re watchable. He's coming to talk five favorite coaching storylines, Sheil Kapadia, most fascinating defenses. Top five for that Steven Ruiz. Five hottest takes for the 2024 season. Then our old friend Kevin Clark, popped in to talk about his five favorite red zone offenses. It is all next. First. Our friends from Pearl Jab.


All right, our friend Kyle Crichton is here. We just did a re watchable taping, which is already up. We did Rudy, it went in a whole bunch of directions. You called it the most polarizing sports movie of all time. you can listen to that. But since you were here, I kept you on because I wanted to play five favorites with you. I've been doing leading up to this season five favorite blank. I think this is gonna be a really fun season. I think we're all enthused about it. But I asked you, gimme your five favorites. Let's count 'em down from five to one. And you decided to do coaches. Yeah. So why, why? What is it about the coaches this year? Because there's some guys who are really famous and really accomplished that are in the pressure cooker this year. And it's, it's not the usual people, it's not Andy Reed.


It's that not the thing. It's like there's a group of guys that are like the gun to the head, like, you gotta win a playoff game this year. Like no more of this messing around. And there's weird, weird circumstances. So I have my five favorite head coaches this year. It's storyline based, hot seat, pressure cooker, gun to the head, whatever you want to call it. You wanna, if you wanna hear the list. Yeah. So you, so it's basically five most fascinating head coach. Yeah. Situations for 2024. Okay, go backwards. Start with five and one with one. Alright, five. I'm gonna go with the reigning coach of the year. Kevin Stefanski, coach of the Cleveland Browns. And I'll tell you why. This guy has won Coach of the Year twice last year.


He and Joe Flacco went on this Disney movie, run to the playoffs and it was a really cool story. There is a complete and utter enigma with Kevin Stefan's quarterback, Deshaun Watson. He has not played a good solid season in four years. His last season that he played was good and healthy was the covid year with no fans in the stands. And there was real discussion at the end of last season about the Browns have found something with Flacco. This works. They respond to him as chemistry with Stefanki iss amazing. Flacco's now gone. I think he's on the Colts. And it's like, all right, Deshaun Watson's five years waiting for it. And we talk about the A FC North bill. It's like, all right, Lamar's, the MVP, we're talking more about Russell Wilson and Justin Fields than Deshaun Watson and then Burrows Burrow.


So it's like the Browns need to win a playoff game this year. They should. They weren't one last year Got killed. Well he also, he showed up with a kind of a shitty attitude to begin with. Yeah, Right. And it's like for why he's, he, they spent everything to get him. He's hugely paid. He hasn't accomplished anything since some of these guys were even in the league. And if like, if they mess up in that division, like you could look at six and 11 really, really fast. So I think like everybody loves Stefanski, totally respected by players obviously like voters and stuff. But he has to deal with this guy that not everybody respects. And that is not only reviled but just completely myster. I don't know if he has it. I don't know if like he was the top five guy in 2020. I don't know if he's the top 20 guy. I have no clue. And like I think, we'll I'll find out really quickly.


They open also Bill the Brown's week one game is Tom Brady's first call. Right? Like so he's gonna be talking extensively about Watson and if Watson doesn't play well, Brady's gonna go in on it. It's amazing. The Stefanski is at the center of it. Yeah, they have that game. They're at Jags Home, giants at Vegas, home Washington. So the first five, other than that Dallas game, which is at least home with some pressure on it, but the first five's a pretty easy start. Like they're playing three of the worst teams in the league. Good. But I'm with you. I don't, I don't feel good about Watson. All the team overachieved last year, 11 and six, they got killed in the playoffs. They're already having some offense, offensive line issues. They got Chubb coming back. God only knows what's gonna happen with him.


I dunno. And I'm with you. I have no idea if Deshaun Watson is still good at not only just throwing the ball, moving an offense down the field, but can he lead an offense? Can he handle the day to day, the media and people coming up and whatever off the field stuff, which he's had more than just about anybody. And I, I see people because it seems like everybody's looking for a reason not to pick Baltimore this year. I Know, I know. So a lot of people are gravitating in the Bengals. Some people are trying to talk themselves into Justin Fields and then there's this Cleveland side where they're like, Hey, that team's got some talent, man, why not Cleveland? And my answer is, 'cause Deshaun Watson's their quarterback. Like I don't, I just don't see it. They changed our offense to try to fit him this year, right?


They were big on the play action, deep ball definitely. Which he's bad at now. It's like, well we need a, a more Deshaun friendly. I don't see it. I, I just don't see it with that team at all. It's weird. The face of the team and the lead of every conversation about the Browns, it's just Miles, Garrett Miles, Garrett Miles. Garrett's great. Like he's a defensive player. Like who, who's the quarterback? What do we, we're not, we're not doing anything but Miles Garrett, it's almost, I don't know if they're loafed to talk about him because of all the unsavory stuff he went through or it's just, there's not much of a story there because he hasn't been that good. But week one, make no mistake. Like there's no hiding anymore. You're gonna be in big time, prime time game. And if you suck, like you're gonna get killed for. 'cause I think some people are looking to do that. You made the key point too. Four years is a long time. 2020 To not be good.


Yeah. Like think about that. That's a presidential term. That's the time between Olympics, you know, so it's like, no, no, it'll be good. And I, I'm not sold on their scope positions. Cooper, they got a really good year from last year, but he's a little older. No idea what to expect from Chubb. And I just think last year was pretty fluky for a bunch of different reasons. They were really, their defense was awesome at home, not as good on the road. Their schedule's gonna be harder this year. Yeah, I'm with you. All right. I like that one. 'cause I think we both like Stefanski but I love them. I do not envy the job he's in, they're over under is at in in the eight and a half range, which feels I wouldn't, I would lean toward the under, I'm doing the under overs with Sal next week.


But that to me, that's more of an under than Yeah. Mean they Were a playoff team last year. They got destroyed by the Texans, but like they made a run. Eight wins would be hugely disappointed for this team. But it also, if they win eight games, Deshaun Watson got hurt or doesn't have it anymore. All right, Well also the Oline stuff, if that's not before the season starts and then you go into that Dallas game, Parsons is going nuts in the front. Yeah. Like that could go ugly fast. All right, number four. All right, number four. Yeah. I have Jim Harbaugh and the LA Chargers. This is, I think that Jim Harbaugh, he and I think he and Sean McVay are the two best living coaches right now. I think they're the best coaches in football. They're both in LA And I have to tell you, bill, on a personal note, I sat down with Jim Harbaugh like two weeks ago.


I'd never met him before. I sat down for like an interview. And you meet public figures, you meet movie stars, whatever you've done it, you, you kind of hope they show up as themselves. Like they, they hope they play the hits my hall of fame for the three celebrities that I've met that show up and just like you want them to Guy Fieri who is just like out of bounds bomb.com, you're the best man. You're my, you're the best brother Jack Black, unbelievably cool. Wants to talk about heavy metal and just totally chill Love Jack Black and Jim Harbaugh who walks to the interview, he is like, Hey man, how you doing? Hey, hey, what's going on? Hey Kyle, I met you before. And he is, it's an enthusiasm unknown to mankind who's got it better than us. And I think he is going to do things this year.


Herbert injury I know is like a huge deal and it kind of scratched the record for the Chargers. But here's my take on on Harbaugh and why it's so interesting. Every stop that he's gone to as a coach when he shows up there is this big bad video game boss. He goes to Stanford and Pete Carroll runs the world. He is everything with his USC teams. Jim Harbaugh's team immediately was good and they beat the shit out of Pete Carroll's team even talk shit to him after the game. Stage two, he goes to San Francisco, Pete Carroll again, Seahawks run everything the 49 ERs took over. He was in the title game in year one. The title game goes to Michigan, Ohio state's running everything immediately. Michigan's winning double digit games. They eventually destroyed Ohio State.


And now he shows up back in the pros with the biggest video game boss of all the chiefs who won two straight Super Bowls. And he is like, yeah, I know I gotta beat Mahomes and read. No one can do it and I gotta figure out a way to take 'em out. I think it's fascinating. I've been staring at them all summer talk About it, The over under is juice too high? Because what is it? Everybody has seen that? Well, it's eight and a half and you get, you mentioned the Herbert injury. They basically lost their receivers. They lost Qua who wasn't, you know, wasn't exactly lighting up last year. But there's a skill position thing with them that I think really scares people. But they have a lot of talent, man. And they added, you know, a, a lottery pick, left tackle.


They still have a bunch of horses on defense. And then there's this Harbaugh thing. I, I texted a buddy of mine that that works in the, in the Chargers world. And I was like, just is it, does it feel different? And he is like, it's like night and day. Like you have no idea like going from Staley last year to watching this guy walk in. He is like, I, I thought it might happen this way but who knows? And then you're in it every day and it's like something shifted and that, that seems to be the recurring theme with him over and over again. So I really wanna talk myself into the, not only the over but the possibility of them. If the Chiefs, you know Kelsey Rashe, Kelsey being old and maybe saving himself for December, who knows with Rash she, rice is worthy gonna be ready.


Yeah. You know that And that the Chiefs were what, 11 and six last year. It's not like they were lighting up. So for them to go one win back and the Chargers to somehow bump up to 11 and six, maybe they get to play the NFC South this year. I think Denver and Vegas are gonna be bad. So you go through, you can kind of find the 10 wins. But the Herbert thing I'm with you is a record screech. He's back out there this week as we're recording this and he's throwing it around and Harbaugh even said, it seems like Angels were singing when he came out to practice everyone in like we're programmed through fantasy football. All of us. So we see, well Keenan Allen's gone and Eckler's gone. I totally get it, it won't matter. He'll figure out a way. They will score points, they will run the shit outta the ball.


The second the Chargers hired him, we were on Good Morning football and I said they'll win 11 games in the first year. It's what he does at every stop. There's never a warmup year. It doesn't, he doesn't do that warmup year. It's immediately good. And I feel like he's gonna completely unlock Herbert if he's healthy. Like I totally believe in Harba. I think they'll won 11 games in the first year. I, I'm into it. And plus they say like, I lost Alan, I lost Mike Williams. I lost Ecker. Yeah, three guys. But Williams was out for most of the last year anyway. So really you lost Alan and Ecker, but your offensive lines way better. I didn't mind the Dobbins Edwards combo stealing that from Baltimore. If they're just gonna be like we're pounding the ball, we're they're gonna run the shit outta every once in a while, we're gonna throw it. Jim's first hire when he became coach was the strength coach and he poached him.


And it's a guy who's a legendary dude. He's like, this is what I'm gonna be about. I'm not gonna hire the new coordinator defensive court, gimme the strength coach first 'cause we're going to beat the shit out of people. It's just like we did in Michigan. And it can work in the pros. He's done it at San Francisco too. It was Frank Gore and it was Kaepernick and he was like all the way to the Super Bowl title game year one with Alex Smith. Like I think he and McVay are the best living coaches and he'll do it this year. So 11 wins, they'd have to go four and oh against the two shit teams and split with the chiefs and go in one and then that's, then that 11 becomes easy. Alright, what do I, I agree with you on that one. What's number three? Number three is Mike Tomlin. So we talked a little bit about this, the, the Steelers have to win a playoff game this year and all anybody wants to talk about is that, oh, Mike Tomlin's never had a losing record.


He is never had a losing record. Like I completely disagree with you a any Steelers fan will tell you that the postseason is the season and they're always oh and one on the postseason. He hasn't won a at a playoff game in years. Years. Like this goes back to like old RLI Berg and he lo yeah I love him and he can get you to 9, 8, 7. How about going Seven To Tebow? Yeah, no for real. It's like going back to all those guys who played, he doesn't win in the playoffs and it's like he's one of these guys that everybody likes and everyone thinks like he's one of the best coaches. Well hold on. If he is one of the best coaches, how come he never wins playoff games? I know we like him and he is cool and everything, but I think he has to this year. And what he's dealing with as we're talking about this, it might've been announced by now, it's like a down to the wire ru Justin Fields versus zombie Russell Wilson.


True quarterback competition that no one seems to want. Yeah. And this is what's gonna be on the other side of TJ Watt this year. I like, I think Tom has to coach his ass off another year without a playoff win is like, I thought we were the Steelers. The counter is the quarterback situation he's been dealt with for the past six years is might be the worst. Like Roethlisberger's last three years were bad. Last two, I forget what it, two or three, but it was, it was over. And then they had to keep throwing him out there. They did some Trubisky, They they, Mason Rudolph. Mason Rudolph. They did some picket like pickets, like battling right now to see if he's the number two or number three Eagles quarterback. Yeah, he's probably gonna be number three.


I know. And then the two guys this year, Wilson's been Wilson doesn't wanna get hit anymore. Bad. Like bad Denver's paying a shit load of money just so he's not on their team because he, he was just trying to get rid of the ball before he got hit. And then Fields who has become a pretty polarizing presence in football circles. 'cause some people are like, give him a chance, he's awesome. And I don't know, it just seems like he fucks up half the time. So We'll, we'll find out if this is the best situation he's been in. Probably right from a weapons coaching standpoint. This is, It was bad with the Bears. Yeah. Yeah. But this has gotta be it. He is got he Arthur Smith is the new offensive coordinator, the old Falcons coach that tightens up and all he wants to do is run and hurt people and hit people.


And you think, all right, well Fields can run really well, let's do it. I've said, I think he's gonna win the job again, he might not, but like the Russell Wilson thing is so fascinating. Bill, four years ago he was voted by his peers, that NFL 100 thing they do. He was the number two player in the entire NFL and now he might be the number two quarterback for a Midland Steelers team. And to put it like in our terms, I feel like he has a Travolta thing where Seahawks was early Travolta. Yeah, Denver was, look who's talking Travolta and like he needs Mike Tomlin to be his Tarantino and to have this renaissance and unlock him No way. And find it. And I don't think Tomlin's Tarantino and I don't think he's Travolta. Yeah, I think it's, I think it's been done for two years.


I know That's the Travolta thing would be really fun. But I, I don't see a scenario because why wouldn't it have happened last year? Well, because had Sean Peyton who wanted to play, he's a genius, does this, does that. And it wasn't a match, quote unquote. He didn't have the defense, he didn't have the running game. The thought was, okay, we have TJ Wat on the defense like the Steelers did, and we have an Najee Harris and Jalen Warren, they can be like Marshawn and we can like go back to how it used to get the band back together. Just not the same. It it doesn't, he's not shown it at all. Sometimes Lose it man. I was saying Darren Williams in basketball was like B guy that couldn't start in playoff games. The craziest thing Bill, is that it, it's like Russell Wilson's life changed, like on that goal line throw to the Patriots, he completes that throw.


He's a hall of fame, he has two Super Bowls and it's just kind of, hasn't totally been the same since Malcolm Butler. I am, there's some people that are in on the Pittsburgh, on Pittsburgh a little bit as a possible sleeper. I'm not one of those people and I don't like the way they start the season either. They go at Atlanta, at Denver Home Chargers at Indy first four mm Three Road games outta the first four and you don't know if you have a quarterback or not. Not to mention the at Denver week too. If it w if Wilson's the guy, like, you know, Denver's gonna be fired up for that one. But I, I don't see it. Alright. Who's number two? Alright, number two is our guy Bobby Sala. We, we gotta talk jets.


Robert Sala. It's like last year was the year, oh wait, hold on. This is now, this is really the year guys. Like we have to win now for us, for the gm, for the quarterback. I, I got, I I'm, I'm sorry I'm name dropping so much. I ran into Sala a couple weeks ago, got to talk to him for a while. God, he is such a nice person. He's so polite and so intense and like I know a lot of people are like, yeah he is a nice person. I don't want that as the Jets head coach. I don't go that way. But like, I am ruining so hard for him. His defense is amazing. They're so talented and everybody knows like Sauce and Quinn and whatnot. Like I don't even think people know that Quinn's Williams brother is on the same defense and he is amazing too.


The offense is loaded. It's just like everybody, every single person, even in the Jets building, all they ever say is, if we can stay healthy, we can win the Super Bowl. We can do anything. If we can stay healthy, we can stay healthy. I think they're right. I I I believe in Rogers probably to a fault. Wow. And I just think it's 'cause He bears DNA though. It's because I've been like whipped from we're we're Rogers back to Tarantino. Like we're Rogers gimp? Yeah, like we have like the zipper mask on we have for years. He does own us. I thought he was gonna be MVP last year as a jet. I thought he was gonna tie Peyton and it was over. But I, and I think he'll be great. I just don't know, like we'll see what Sal's got. We've never seen him as a head coach in December when you need to win a game to get into the playoffs.


I'm just trying to figure out what the, the gimp in a Bears jersey. What was your, what was your take on the gimp, whether that was like a nine to five job for him? Like he showed up at 10 and just climbed in the trunk or whether he was like their actual prisoner. I think he, he's there willingly and so I think it is the, I don't think he is a prisoner. I think he likes it and I think he clocks in and they'd have to feed him and stuff like that. So I, I think there, it's gotta go to The bathroom. It's like seven hours max in the trunk. Yeah. I actually think the gimp is like kind of like an eight millimeter. Like you know how the machine is like just this normal guy at the end with glasses. Yeah. I think the gimp is like a librarian or something. He's a normal guy. He's a realtor. But I think he punches in, We talked about it in the pulp fiction pod and there was, I know Tarantino said how they, I didn't know this when we did the pod.


Somehow I missed it in my hundred 30 hours of research research. But Tarantino said he always thought of the gimp as like a hitchhiker they picked up and made a prisoner out of. But I don't, I also don't think Tarantino in 93 was anticipating this internet culture that would come where every single moment of a movie is dissected. So even if he was their prisoner. True. So he's just in the tra he would just die in the trunk eventually. The GIS body language though is, it's not resistant. He doesn't seem scary. He kinda laughs at Butch Right. Stock. He's got Stockholm Syndrome. It seems like if he, if you're going with the hitchhiker thing, I like the idea of him showing up at nine, seeing Maynard be like, Hey man, hey yeah, just going downstairs. We'll see in a second.


And then he just goes in the trunk and just kind of waits For something for the spider to catch a fly. And they do and he is like, oh, game time. I'm not surprised that we are talking about the gimp somehow as we talk about the New York jets. I just think Sal is a bad coach. Mm. I haven't seen that. Any evidence that he is good at it. I thought the way he handled the quarterback stuff last year was super weird. Hmm. And I know you guys were getting material out of it on your show week after week because it was like he clearly didn't want Zach Wilson as his quarterback Right. But also didn't seem to have the juice to change his destiny or was making it seem publicly like he was kind of Okay. I I just don't know what they were trying to accomplish.


I I've said it all year. Like I just feel like if they had fired him in May and hired Mike Vrabel Mm. I think we'd all be picking them to either win the Super Bowl or come close and the fact that they have a coach that we've never seen him even have a winning record or be competent and a quarterback who hasn't been good in three years and who's turning 40, I know's something about solid. That's the case against them. It it, it's, and sometimes you can stay employed or you can stay in people's good graces by virtue of your personality. He is very, very good dude. He's comes up with this like crazy cool looking bald head. He's jacked as hell. Like he has a full six pack, all that stuff. And you're, are you Talking talking about Sal or Chris Ryan?


I, I lost track. Oh no s sorry. Chris Ryan is great. He's bulky right now. He's doing triangle pushups shoes. Yeah. Great guy. No, I'm talking about s and it's sometimes it's like, I don't know, I I kind of like having s around and it'll get you an extra year but year. But there's no year after this. Like I think it sala will be gone short of them winning a playoff game. They have to win a playoff and they're the jets. They never do. I think they're the single hardest team of the 32 to figure out. Really. So you, are you skeptical on Rogers? I still, Sal and I are doing that pod in a week and I still haven't decided where I landed on the Jets. I can't, I can't get there either way. And I think that from ceiling basement scenarios, I'm, I'm there on both sides.


I can see them going 13 and four. I could see them going six and 11 and and solid getting fired in week six. And I, I don't know which way it goes. They have so much talent. Offensive line is way better. They're great buffalo's worse. Miami's kind of secretly might be a little bit of a mess and the pats are just thrown this year away. So, you know, you look at, even if you look at the schedule, like they play a FC South NFC West, which is a little dicey. They start the year at San Fran at Tennessee. Right. San F So we could be like oh two, oh my God. Who saw this coming? And or you could go, oh, they beat San Francisco on Monday night.


No McCaffrey. Oh my god. The Jets, they win in Tennessee then they had the pats in Denver at home. It's like the Jets are four and Oh I'm ready for any scenario with them. I I can't figure it out. The weak One's good because it's, it's the Rogers growing up in the San Francisco area storyline. The book is out. He grew up a Niners fan draft. I don't Know if you knew this. They could have taken him. Yeah, they it could have taken him number one. It's weird as it went out, they went to Alex Smith. It's, it's a well publicized story. Could have drafted him. Nobody, people haven't focused on that a lot. There's Actually video of him at the table not being drafted. We unearthed it recently. Well the Other thing with Rogers is there's always like a possible some sort of soap opera storyline two days before the season that you weren't expecting.


Like someday. What about in November Gives, you know, Or whatever. Yeah, it's just, and it's the Jets. You have the Jets Karma. This is a team that Larry David once wrote an episode of Curb Enthusiasm about a Jets fan dying and not knowing whether, whether it was 'cause of the Jets or not. But that was my question to you. Do you, do you have brand prejudice against the Jets? Like if this same roster and same coaches were on, I don't know, like the Broncos or something. Is it, do you have brand prejudice? I don't. The, the Patriots winning a Super Bowl has, has taken to me every team's on the table to win a title. Like I just don't believe in that stuff anymore. The only thing is when it gets into like the playoffs, there's a couple teams. I think the Vikings have hit a point where I just assume something's gonna go wrong for them.


And I think the bills have are still at that point. It just, there's certain teams that they have to show us they can get over the hump before I'll believe it. The Jets have had good teams and good seasons and good wins. Like they won a Patriot, they won Rex right at Gillette Stadium. They beat Belichick in New England. So I don't know, they made the conference title a couple days. It's not inconceivable to me they'd be good. No Listen, we live in a time right now when the Detroit Lions are amazing and they're like the biggest pieces of shit for 25, 30 years. So anybody can be amazing. But we talked to a FC East, we mentioned the Patriots, we talked the Jets, talked to Bills, my number one head coach this year and Mike McDaniel and number One.


Wow. Number one. Okay. For a bunch of reasons. This is like the ultimate go time. Like you, you have to win a playoff game. Maybe two playoff games we're past how charmed we are at your personality and you're eccentric and your team is really cool and fast and Tyreek this and you know, two is kind of interesting but like you need to win playoff games this year. And my, my take on the Dolphins, especially last year Bill is like they would just beat the shit out of all the bad teams and have the all amazing highlights and 70 points and they'd be terrible against the good teams. Watching the Dolphins last year was like Instagram scrolling. You're just sitting there kind of numb to it and it's everything you like and it's every piece of dopamine that you like.


And when you're done with it, after like an hour of scrolling, you kind of feel sick and depressed about what you just did. And that was the chief's playoff game, which is one of the worst no-show playoff games in the 21st century. And it's the last taste in everybody's mouth. So they're great. They have fireworks and they have jolt cola and and dopamine and Instagram. But at the end you're like, what is the nutritive value of what I just ate? They destroyed the shitty teams lost to the good ones and then did nothing in a playoff game. I think they have a lot to prove and it starts with like one of the most interesting head coaches we've ever had. And can Tua stay healthy again? Yeah. And is Tua really good? Like can he win a big game? I I don't know. We have like Tyre just got paid. Yeah, we've already seen Ty Tyreek.


We have one year, two years. Like We've already seen these weird games where it's like he's limping off the fume. He's back his helmet's off, his helmet's back on. I know the cold weather stuff with them. It's true. Everyone wanted to say last year. It's bullshit. It's bullshit. No teams are cold weather teams. Like they're fast, they're well coached. It was one of the worst playoff games you've ever seen. They didn't wanna be there and Tyreek didn't look like Tyreek and like look and then people start, you know T is from Hawaii and Alabama like he can't play in the cold. You think like that's nonsense. But then the game was really bad and I, they, I think no team needs to win a playoff game more this year than them. I mean take away the front runners obviously, but of the up and comers like you can't go. They'd be three years in a row with Mike McDaniel being crowned as the next great coach and he doesn't have a playoff win.


Sean Bay came in and started winning playoff games fast. Kyle Shanahan started winning playoff games fast. Jim Harbaugh will get to playoff games and win them fast. Like Mike McDaniel, we all wanna root for you. You're such a cool guy and good story you, you can't keep losing on the wild card around. Alright, so I'll make a list off your list. Yeah. For me, Harbaughs first. Great. I love it. I just think having him and McVay in the same city, even if it's a city that barely realizes as a doesn't matter, football team matter. It's just crazy that the two most interesting coaches are in the same city. I hope they have a rivalry. I hope somebody says something shitty about the other guy. And then I think, I think the Tomlin points you made were, were great because he is the most respected and liked coach.


I include myself 'cause it always feels like they end up going 10 and seven somehow. Yeah. But I can't remember a single positive playoff moment they've had. I always felt like the Patriots were gonna beat them when, when we had our actual team. And how many years in a row can you just do this and be he, he's a Supreme Court justice. Like he's just, you just leave him alone. The Steelers hiring coaches for 30 years. But I know there's a fatigue amongst Steelers fans about like we're not a 10 and seven organization We're to win Super Bowl. It might just change a scene or anything for him, right? Where like Andy Reed had that ro long run in Philly. Philly Had a lot of success but they never got over the hump. And then he had that one bad season. They were like okay. And that was it. All of a sudden he was in Kansas City. So I think there's the potential of that this year.


I don't like the Wilson's Fields thing at all. All I think that's terrible. Think that's gonna be bad. All right Kyle Brandt. We can see you on Good morning football. We can see you continue to stay in the re watchable. Listen to us talk about Rudy this week if you haven't already. Great to see you. Good to see you too man.


Hey football's back. There is no better place to get in on the NFL action then. FanDuel America's number one sports book right now all customers can bet $5. Get a three week free trial of NFL Sunday ticket from YouTube and YouTube TV and you'll be able to watch every regular season Sunday afternoon out of market game. We're still in the future zone. We can still bet on conference division stuff. Cousin Sal and I are gonna talk about that with our big three part NFL preview. But I would steer you toward the CJ Stroud passing yard bets. you can bet on him on FanDuel to win to throw for 4,000 yards. 4,500 yards I think for the passing yards. Title seven to one. I'm a big CJ Stroud futures proponent this season. Plus with FanDuel you don't even have to leave the app to access realtime stats and data to help you make even more winning bets. Just as it FanDuel dot com slash bs to download America's number one sports book must be 21 plus 18 plus DC President Select states offer ends 9 22 24. After a three week free trial, the full price of NFL ticket will be automatically charged seasonally. Cancel any time no refunds, terms restrictions and embargoes apply. YouTube TV based plan required to watch YouTube TV redemption requires a Google account and current form of payment gambling problem called gambler. Visit rg help do com.


This episode is brought to you by one of my favorite things in life. NFL Sunday Ticket on YouTube TV because that time of year it's coming up again NF NFL season. Oh yeah. And while it's still only the preseason, you don't wanna miss a moment with NFL Sunday ticket in YouTube tv, it gives you access to the most live NFL games all in one place. Right now save $85 when you sign up for NFL Sunday ticket bundled with YouTube TV and get every game every Sunday. Sign up today, youtube.com/bs device and content restrictions apply discount apply to first four months of YouTube tv then 72 99 per month ends August 29th. Terms restrictions, embargoes apply. No refunds.


Alright, the one and only Sheil. Kapadia is here. you can read on The Ringer dot com. He did defenses and offenses from 32 to one. They're great reads. It got all this preview stuff is just getting me so excited for the season. So you're gonna do your five favorites. Counting down from five to one five favorite, I'm sorry, five most fascinating. Yes. Defenses. Yes. What? What's define the word fascinating. Fascinating. I it's not the best, it's the ones that could kind of go one way or the other that I'm most curious about going. Interesting. You know, going into the season. So that's how I kind of defined it. So would you say low basement, high ceiling or just murky, amorphous, confusing, just all of that stuff.


Yeah, it mixes it all up. One is better than I think I have 'em higher than I think anyone else would have them. Another is if it goes one way, this team can win the Super Bowl. If it doesn't, it's gonna look really bad. So I tried to mix it up, mix it all together, you know, you're vague enough with the, with the description and then you can go in any direction you want. That that's my content style. Number five is what? I got the San Francisco 49 ERs. And, and here's why I put them there because I think there's this revisionist history of what happened in the Super Bowl last year. You know, now we think about it. Oh, Patrick Mahomes was inevitable and the Niners couldn't stop them. Bill, if you look at that game, the first nine drives the chiefs had in that game, they had six points.


They didn't have a touchdown, they had two field goals. Average NFL game, you only get 11 possessions. So like for a big chunk of that game, the 49 ERs did their job. Now ultimately, obviously you gave 'em Mahome more chances, but a lot of that was on the 49 ERs offense for going three and out three straight times and you give him Mahomes the ball back. So I look at that 49 ERs defense from last year. And then I look at their actions where right after the Super Bowl shanahan's like I'm firing this defensive coordinator, it's his fault Steve Wilkes, he's out of there and now he brings in Nick Sorenson, one of the new characters in our NFL lives for the 2024 season. Never before been a defensive coordinator coming in and you just kind of get the feeling like if Kyle Shanahan could call both the offense and the defense, he'd be like almost like a player coach.


He'd be like, I wanna do that. And you get the sense Sorenson, he's probably like, I gotta just do whatever this guy says because he didn't like what the last guy was doing and he's out of there. So I'm looking at the 49 ERs. Can they get back to the Super Bowl? I think the last team to do it was your Patriots. Right? After they lose to the Eagles, they come back. Otherwise every Super Bowl loser has not made it back this century. It's only been won. And so I'm looking at this defense, they've still got good players, but I'm looking at that coaching situation and everyone being a little more tense in the Super Bowl hangover stuff and which way is that defense gonna go? So that's why I've got 'em. Number five. They Had a bad injury during that Super Bowl game. Yeah.


Greenlaw, not Greenlaw. Hargrave we expect no green Law. Thees. Yeah, but Hargrave, we expect him to be bigger this year. Right? Like they were like slightly disappointed by him last year. It feels like a little bit of a comeback then Hokas coming back. Yeah. And anytime you have a guy coming off an injury, like when I'm looking at all these teams going into the season, I'm like, shield, don't just pencil them in to what they were previously. 'cause sometimes yeah, it takes time. So yeah, they still have a good pass rush. They still have a lockdown corner in TIUs Ward. They've still got the best linebacker in football in Fred Warner. So I still think they're gonna be pretty good. But it's like, you know, last year the numbers didn't match the eye test with them. They got, you know, their defense in the first couple rounds of the playoffs was bad.


So that's one of the, the things I'm looking at with the Niners. I did, you know, I did my dumb player rankings every year because it gives me a sense, yeah I, I had them with five, you know, pink chippers, red chippers or blue chippers on defense, boa Hargrave, Armstead Warner and Ward. And that's not even known about hgo. Whether he can get back to where where he was. I mean potentially that's over 50% of their, their defense plus, you know, I know their schedule's not awesome this year would be the one reason to be a little worried about it. But I mean from a talent standpoint, they still have the most talent in the league. The Super Bowl hangover is terrifying. Yeah. You just look at the evidence and it's the same evidence against the Chief's threepeat, right? It's like, hey, you know who's Threepeat did with the Super Bowl?


Literally nobody, it's never happened. Like that has to mean something. We've had almost 60 Super Bowls at this point. So I think the same thing with the Super Bowl hangover. The only team that he was able to shake it off had the best quarterback of all time. And by the way, scored 13 points in the Super Bowl game and somehow won anyway because Jaroff just fell apart. So, all right, San Francisco five, who do you have it for? The Chicago Bears. I don't know where you are. Wow. With the Chicago Bears team. But all the hype right now is about Caleb Williams and the supporting cast. And I get it too. I'm watching the highlights and getting excited. I actually think their defense is gonna be better than their offense. And I think they're gonna make the playoffs because they, they have different ways to win games.


This defense last year, they trade for Montez sweat in the middle of the season. if you look at their numbers. Weird Trade. But they still have 'em. Yeah. Worked out. Yeah. Weird trade. But it worked out they, they signed him since they traded for him. They were a top 10 defense the rest of the season. Now there's always gonna be some noise there. It's a small sample, all that. But you look at it, they needed some pass rush. I think their corners built might be the best. It might be one of the stories of the season. They had this trio of young cornerbacks, Jalen Johnson, they signed in the off season. I think he's like one of the most underrated players in the NFL. He's like a top five corner got paid this last off season. He was awesome last year. Yeah. And then they've got two young corners right next to him.


They've got two good linebackers. And so I wish they had a little more pass rush. But I was debating between the Bears and some other teams when I'm looking at who's, who am I having in the wild card spot? And I kept looking at that defense going, this could really be a surprise unit this season. I've got him as a top 10 group and I think we're gonna be talking a lot about Caleb Williams and those receivers. But we're also gonna be talking a lot about this Bears Defense. So gimme the Ebra flues piece of this. Yeah, he doesn't run like a, he's not someone who all the film nerds are gonna be tweeting out. Oh my gosh, look at this Wrinkle by Matt ever flew. He looks good. We, we all know he looks good this summer, but he's more of an old school lineup. Play, play fast.


We don't need to trick him. Just, you know, hit the quarterback, create turnovers, be sound in your fundamentals. So that's not always my favorite type of defensive coordinator. 'cause offenses are so good in 2024, but I feel like a lot of weeks, especially in their back seven, they're gonna have a talent advantage over the, the opponents they're playing and they're another team. Pretty soft schedule. I think it's a bottom seven or eight schedule this season. So I, I think they're gonna be able to beat up on a lot of bad teams. Their over under has not shifted on FanDuel this entire off season. I was taken aback when I saw it in the spring. It was eight and a half. It was like wow, that's aggressive. And then there was juice on it.


The juice is now at minus one 60, which is almost about as high as you can go before they're like, fuck it, we'll make it nine and a half. But it seems like a lot of people are on them. And that's my, that's as grizzled old football fan slash gambler. They just have a lot of buzz and a lot of smoke right now. And that always makes me nervous 'cause you know it's a rookie quarterback bunch. They loaded up on this receiver system that once we get in cold weather, I'm not sure how that's gonna work out. Yeah, I'm not sure about Abra flus at all, like at all. And I think, I think the conference is a little better than maybe people are giving a credit for it. They, it seems to be this feeling that, oh how are we gonna get to seven NFC playoff teams?


I'm a little more bullish on the NFC. What do, where do you stand? Are you bullish, less bullish Or no or Dead Even on NFC? No, I'm the same way. I had like three for that last wild card spot. I had like three teams I was debating between and I ended up going with the Bears. 'cause you and I have talked before, you gotta get six new teams or around six new teams in the playoffs. You can't just go chalk. So I was debating between them and a couple other teams, the Cowboys, the Rams and I'm like, I don't know, I, I think there's enough there. I'm like the Cardinals are even in consideration for me. I, I feel like there's a bunch of teams in the NFCI wouldn't be shocked if they went nine and eight and got the seven seed. You only need to go nine and eight to get the seven seed Washington.


Not, it's not insane. I mean it's crazy but it's not insane if Jayden Daniels is just really good right away, they might be pretty good. Well that's the other thing, rookie quarterbacks like I feel like this time of year we're like, oh my gosh they got this guy. He's awesome. I looked at the last 10 years and if you look at every rookie quarterback who started like at least 10 games on average, they perform like the 26th best starter in the NFL that rookie season. So we all look at CJ Stroud and we're like, oh my gosh, who's it gonna be? Mo? Every CJ Stroud, there's a Bryce Young and most of the time it's gonna be a, a tough rookie season for these quarterbacks. So that was my other hesitation with the Bears. As much as I like Caleb Williams and the supporting cast, it's like you should start with the baseline that on average this guy's gonna be the 26th best starter.


Alright, how much better than that? Do I think he can be? How much worse than that? Do I think he can be and predicting these rookie quarterbacks? I mean it's gonna swing the season and it's so hard to say because yeah, I'm with you. If Jaden Daniels just puts the offense on his back and it's like a dual threat guy, they're gonna be interesting. Caleb Williams might not, you know, maybe he takes a lot of sax and turns the ball over and it's not quite as good as the picture I'm painting here. So yeah, that's the hardest thing to predict I think in the entire NFL every season. Yeah, I have Washington, Arizona and Chicago. I'm still trying to figure out who I want as the playoff teams, but I have those three near each other. And I think the difference is Chicago has the best defense. But you know, Arizona might have a top five offense. You covered it in your piece earlier.


They might, they might just be really good offensively all season. And then Washington I the Daniels piece, the fact that he's older, the fact that he was so good last year, he checks some boxes for, I wouldn't be shocked if he came in right away. All right, let's get to number three. The Dallas Cowboys are number three, you know, and the Dallas Cowboys are always interesting. Good for co. He, here's the reason why, because I think it's rare that your defensive coordinator leaves for a head coaching job and you end up upgrading at the spot. And I think that's what they've done. I think Mike Zimmer, we all made a lot of jokes about Mike Zimmer as a head coach. You know, the overall tenure was okay for the Vikings, but you know, he was kind of a funny character to have as a defensive coach.


I think he's like one of the best defensive minds of the last 20, 25 years in the NFL. if you look at those Vikings defenses, eight seasons, he produced a top 10 defense five different times. And so I think he comes in with Micah Parsons with the talent they have at Cornerback. They've signed some veterans at defensive tackle. I actually think this Cowboys defense is gonna be awesome. I think they're gonna be a top five defense. I think they're gonna take a step back on offense, but they're kind of gonna be able to make up for a, a lot of that with Mike Zimmer. So that's one part of it. Why I find them interesting. Now the other part of it is, you know, buddy Ryan and Kev, Kevin Gilbride, remember that clip when Buddy Ryan wants a punch? Like could he, he couldn't.


You just see Mike Zimmer being like, how is Mike, Mike McCarthy? What are you doing? This guy? And so he has to be held back on the sideline. Oh, the tension Angle. I like that. Yeah. Yeah. His face is all red. Or you know, one of your favorite topics, Mike Zimmer, interim head coach week 12. Who knows? It's all looming. Looming. It's all sort of in play. Yeah. It's like Why did you, why were you talking with Jerry Jones in the parking lot? I saw you. Does Dallas have any linebackers? You know what, no, but okay, if you look, Look around the FL So it, they have none on the roster. Honestly. You could say that about probably like 27 teams. It's crazy. When I was doing those rankings, there were like five teams where I'm like, oh, I like their linebackers and every other team I'm like, oh my gosh, these guys are gonna get picked on every week.


So yes I did kind of surf past that. And you are, you know, it is a fair point to make. I so badly wanted to zag with Dallas 'cause everybody's out on them. I mean, it's just, it, it's just been the whole summer and they're not, they're the opposite of a sexy pick. And you look at their, even from a fantasy standpoint where it's basically like Dak and CD Lamb and no other person, you'd probably wanna start in any week like their running backs for, for to come in as Zeke Elliot and Rico Dodo as like, that's who you're gonna start the season with. It's like, it's amazing. Like they're just throwing away positions. They're throwing away a running back, they're throwing away linebacker. And I don't really know what the objective is. And I know everybody's talked about Dallas for, you know, for six months.


I don't understand what they're doing. I don't understand the point of not extending deck. I don't understand why the CD lamb thing took the whole year to figure out, like, I, I just don't get it. And it's almost seems like Jerry Jones is mad at the team and he is like, fuck this. I've been so disappointed over and over again i's just, let's just start the season and I'll decide what to do then. It's bizarre. Yeah, it it's, I've been hammering it all off season that Yeah, I know they have mismanaged that roster. They're 32nd in cash spending in the NFL. So all the things we talk about with the cap, if you extend guys early, if you give them big signing bonuses, you get flexibility and you can improve your roster.


They haven't done that. And then they look around and they cry. Oh my god, the, no, it's not the, the salary cap is, is an issue because you made it an issue. Right. Other teams wouldn't have done that. They would've signed these guys early. So I think they deserve to get crushed for all their roster mismanagement. At the same time, I'm kind of with you, they've won 36 games the last three seasons. That's second in the NFL to the chiefs. I'm talking about just the regular season. Yeah. So I'm like, am I overthinking this? 'cause I, I don't have 'em in the playoffs. I have them nine and eight just out of the playoffs. But that's one where I, I know I could be looking stupid once we get to December or It's the end of September and they're own four, one and three and and people are like McCarthy on the hot seat and you're like, oh, I should have guessed this.


Of course this is gonna happen. Land duck. Yeah. That I'm Dallas is one of my watch out teams. I just, I, I don't like it. I don't like zagging where everybody else is zagging with the same opinion. Yeah. I also don't really like that division that much And it's like somebody's gotta win that division. If your stupid Eagles team gets, gets goofy the first couple weeks, who knows. Alright, number two. Number two is the Green Bay Packers bill. We have a new character in our lives who could determine what team gets to the NFC championship or to the Super Bowl. His name is Jeff Halfly. He's the Packer's new defensive coordinator. He was the head coach at Boston College last season.


Bill, his defense last year allowed 28 points per game tied for 86th in college football. The year before. They allowed 30 points per game to 100th in all of college football. Not a great track record at Boston College. Now we watch college football a little bit. You know, we know that the players matter and maybe it's not on him, but can he definitely, can he give them an upgrade or not? Because this defense dunk last year. I mean I don't, do you remember that Panthers game in like the last month of the season? Of course. Of Bryce Young. Yeah. He looked like Drew Brees. I lost money on it. Of course I remember it. Yeah. I mean Bryce Young carved him up. That's the, you know, that was the only game all season and horrible. That was against horrible A Packers. They didn't do anything. Well you look at the numbers, couldn't defend deep passes, couldn't defend the middle of the field, couldn't defend screens.


They sucked at the same time. If I just pull up their depth chart, I can show you seven former first round picks on their roster. I can show you a safety and Xavier McKinney who they signed in the off season, who I think is a great player. Yeah. Who's really gonna help them. And so I look at the talent. I always talk about coaches, can you do more with less? Joe Berry, their defensive coordinator did less with more last season. And so if they can just be competent, if they can be like the 15th, 20th best defense in the NFL, I think this team can get to the Super Bowl out of the NFC at the same time. I have no idea if half Lee's good. We could be having the same conversation next year where we're like, well they fired half and they brought in this new guy, maybe he'll be good.


So he's like this very interesting under the radar character in our lives that we're gonna be talking about one way or another this season. Well my dad who has followed BC football for a long time, not a fan of Jeff, just fyi. Oh yeah, okay. He was not a fan. Yeah. It was like, wow, BC what's going on? Not great. I Green Bay is, I have them in the playoffs and I'll go this far. 'cause I bet both when I was at Massachusetts and I got to use FanDuel and I was just driving that thing like a Ferrari, I bet on Detroit to be the one seat at, at five to one odds, which I really liked. 'cause I, and there's a whole case for Detroit, but I just liked the odds.


And the other team I really liked the odds for was the Packers. Yeah. And they were like, I think 10 to one, something like that. But I think the number one seed's gonna come outta that division is my, my working theory Green Bay. Yeah. I see it on paper. Especially like if love can match when he did that second half of the season. But there's also, that's another team that's getting a lot of smoke right now. I know, I, I feel like I'm driving the hype train. They were awesome in that playoff game. I thought they should have won. Like I, I feel like that should matter. Like they almost beat San Francisco. They came fucking close. That team's young. It should be on the rise. Their defensive coordinator sucked last year. So I see it. Yeah, it'll be interesting. All right, number one, let's hear it.


Number one, I've got the Seattle Seahawks, which will surprise a lot of people. I love it. Every year when I do this exercise I look and I say, who's gonna be the surprise defense? There's gonna be a team that jumps up from being terrible last year to top five this year, last year. My guess is were the Cleveland Browns good guess And they're Carolina Panthers. Terrible guess so I don't always hit on all of them. The gamut I've got the Seahawks I've got as my number one pick this year. And for a couple reasons. One is you just look at their defense the last five years I think Pete Carroll was a great head coach. He couldn't figure it out. He tried to adapt, he tried different coordinators, he tried different personnel. Their defense was either mediocre or terrible every season.


So now you bring in Mike McDonald and I hate buying all the way into the hype this time of year, but I can't find anyone to say a bad thing about the guy. He Did it last year. He Already did it. Right. He was Awesome. And that, that Ravens defense was banged up. It wasn't like he had like the healthiest season ever. Like he was patching shit together. I thought he was incredible. And by the way that Ravens defense, the year before he got there now they were injured a lot. They ranked 28th in defensive DVOA. Yeah. And then they were top 10 each of the past two years. So yes, he's shown this ability to turn things around. So I have a lot of faith in the coordinator and then I look at the talent and I look at the depth chart and I'm like, he, he's been a good player before. He's been a good player before. Leonard Williams Chen, no Wosu, Draymond Jones, all these guys up front, their first round picks a wild card.


This guy Byron Murphy, this defensive tackle with a lot of upside Who fell, who fell eight spots probably further than he should have gone. Right? Yeah. Yeah. He thought a 16. That was crazy. Exactly. And so Mike McDonald, one of his special skills in Baltimore was he figured out a way to make all the pass rushers work together. Or he would have these schemes where he would rush for, but you didn't know which four were coming. Is it gonna be a linebacker, is it gonna be a slot corner? Is it gonna be a safety? So it's, it's a lot of teams are doing this in the NFL where they're saying it's not a blitz. Like we're sending everyone at the quarterback, we're still sending four. But if you don't know which four are coming and you don't block him, now all of a sudden we have seven in coverage and we're able to defend you. He's a master at this.


His play calling was awesome last year and it was against good teams like the San Francisco 49 ERs. So I look at the mix there up front. And then in the secondary, Devin, Devon, Weatherspoon, big time player, Rick Woolen had a bad year the corner last year, but was very good the year before. Like there's just talent there. And so I think this is a defense that September people might be laughing at me. Oh my gosh. Yeah. I can't believe you had him as a top five defense and there, but by the time we get to like mid-October, November, I'm telling you, I think this defense is gonna be playing really, really well and it's a reason why I've got the Seahawks overs on everything. I mean one of my favorite overs in the entire league, seven and a half I think is still the number, which I can't believe, I think they're making the playoffs.


I think they're gonna win 10 games. I think Mike McDonald's gonna be coach of the Year. I think it's gonna be one of the stories of the season. It's so funny 'cause we have not talked about this. I have the most futures on Seattle of any team. The seven and a half was like an absolute outrage. I did the alt, the alt on FanDuel, which was like plus 1 48 that was like, yes, eight and a half. I'm like great, I think they're gonna make playoffs. I have them for the playoffs. And then a sprinkle of NFC West action. There's, there's exact order bets you can do on, on FanDuel. So if you think Seattle's gonna win the division, San Francisco is gonna be second Arizona third Rams fourth 25 to one Fun flyer.


Yeah. But, but I think the Murphy piece, just being able to get somebody that was clearly a top 10 guy but everyone just went offense crazy this year and you laying that guy, you really needed somebody in the middle. You, I agree with you on I love Pete Carroll but I thought that he kind of lost his fastball the last couple years. It happens. He's in his mid seventies. Yeah. You know and the energy McDonald, you combine it with the home field, which against the right type of team. But then look at their first three. They're home for Denver Bow Next's First Start, they're at the Pats. I think the Pats are gonna be the worst team in the league home Miami. They could be three and oh heading into at Detroit on Monday.


And then after that, I mean they just have some crap teams on the schedule. Right? They play the Giants, they got a Chicago game later they get to play Arizona twice. We'll see if Arizona's gonna be good. They got Minnesota at home. I think they can get to 10 wins. Yeah. And I'm with you on the defense. I think they have enough dudes on that defense that combined with their receivers, which would you put their receivers like that? It's like a top seven receiving crew, Right? Yeah. Yeah. I would say so for sure. I mean it all comes down to their offensive line, which it feels like we've been saying about the Seahawks. Yeah. For like a decade. But what I like is they can win in different ways. They could win their offense could be pretty good. Their defense could be pretty good. Like I like to go through and say what teams could have a top 10 offense and a top 10 defense is like an exercise very possible.


Yeah, I, I think it's possible with them. And the other thing, I think McDonald's game management is gonna be awesome. Like in terms of saving timeouts, when to go for it on fourth down, when to go for two. All those things that kind of the new school coaches are doing. I think he's gonna be very good at that too. I think that's another area where he'll probably give him an edge over Carol. Lot of Kenneth Walker buzz too. Yeah, he's definitely gonna go two rounds or $15 more than I think people are gonna prepared for in their fantasy league. Last thing with Seattle, the Gino piece, he's not bad. It's fine. you can, you can win games, you can get to nine, 10 wins with them.


So I don't know. I like where they're sitting with the San Francisco Super Bowl hangover combined with brutal schedule again combined with McCaffrey's already hurt. I holding out Trent Williams didn't practice all summer. Like I guys coming back from injuries that are key guys. It's like, oh yeah, pencil in. But they still haven't totally come back yet. It just feels like they're a whiff vulnerable. I don't think they're gonna go six and 11 but could you steal the division from them? It's possible. Yeah. I've got a one game difference between the two. I've got the Niners 11 and six and the Seahawks 10 and seven. So I've got a probably a lot today. Yeah. And I might, I might flip that. So we agree 'cause you and I both believe in the new coach theory and last year, even with Sean Peyton, like he made a valiant effort to, to like to the bitter end.


He somehow get to, what'd he get to seven wins with that shit? He had eight, right? Yeah, there Were eight nine. Eight, nine. So the, the ultimate candidates are McDonald's Harbaugh or Raheem Morris. And then I guess you could maybe talk yourself into Dan Quinn just 'cause Rivera and B Enemy were so bad last year. But I guess those are the four. But I think McDonald is the new coach guy this year. He, he's probably the favorite. I'm looking at Harbaugh and that charger Steve. Me Too. Me Too. Way too much than I should me. The roster. I don't second easiest schedule in the NFL. Yep. The guys won 70% of his games as an NFL coach and then he went and he won a national championship in college. Like I can't turn away at that Herbert, Maybe we Get two off the blind could maybe We get two new coach bumps.


Yeah, I mean that come on that Chargers team like by the end of that run was just a complete disaster. So yeah, I think those are far and away the two new coach theories. The Seahawks and, and the Chargers. All right. Sheil Kapadia. you can read 'em on The Ringer dot com. Listen to The, Ringer NFL show an awesome podcast. You're on there all the time. And then a little, little, little Philly special as well. Yeah. Philly sports scene. Not, not ever boring. No stuff Happening all the time. Anyway, good to see you. Thanks for coming up. Thanks for having me.


We've got a new segment brought to you by our friends at Yahoo Fantasy Football and it's all about winning. Why do we play fantasy football for fun fantasy? Yeah, but we absolutely play to win as well. It's not rocket science. With Yahoo Fantasy Football, you can win in your league. Someone will win $1 million. All you have to do is play in a private Yahoo Fantasy League. Enter the sweepstakes by September 5th. Enter now at yahoo sports.com/simmons. I love Yahoo Fantasy Football and especially love the new app. It's easy to use, easy to set up, lets you focus on the game itself. Yahoo Fantasy Football bring us this segment to help you win your league. So to kick off our Yahoo play to Win segment, let's talk drafting. They wanted me to talk about things that have surprised me so far as the drafts are happening this year. I think there's been a C shift with the tight ends because for years it was like, you gotta get Kelsey, there was like two Kyle Pitzers in there and those were like the big money guys or the high draft pit guys. And then he kind of threw away the tight end position after that This year there's a ton of tight ends I like, I mean you could be like, fine, spend $25 on Kelsey or take Kelsey in the second round. I'm just gonna wait and get Trey McBride. I look around like I, I look at La Porta, I like Musk grave on Green Bay, Brock Bowers on Vegas. Like there's just a bunch of them now and I don't feel like Kelsey has a monopoly in the position anymore. Anyway, put those tips to use for yourself. Create and join a Yahoo Fantasy Football League today. Just go to yahoo sports.com/simmons and you can knock yourself out. Take eight of those tight ends. Remember, someone will win $1 million. Just play in a private Yahoo Fantasy League. Enter the sweepstakes by September 5th. Enter now at yahoo sports.com/simmons. No purchase necessary. Open an all 50 US states in DC for ages 18 plus and September 5th, 2024. See official rules at yahoo sports.com/simmons.


This episode is brought to you by SimpliSafe. If you're like me, you're constantly thinking about the safety of the people and things you value the most. We all have friends that had a break in worst case scenario, a home invasion, second worst case scenario, they're away for a couple days. They come back and things are just gone. And once you hear those stories, you realize you have to do something to secure your home. you can be like me, you can find SimpliSafe and using it. They've been a sponsor forever. Been using it for a while. We love it. you can try it for yourself right now. you can try it and get 20% off a system at SimpliSafe dot com slash bs. you can find out things like 24 7 professional monitoring. Someone always there to have your back during emergency. you can find out how fast their Asians can respond within five seconds of receiving the alarm. They act, they respond to intruders, they even warn them that police is on the way and there's no contracts. you can choose to set up your system yourself or you can have one of their professionals do it for you. It is no surprise that SimpliSafe has been named the Best Home Security Systems by US News and World Report for five years running and the best customer service and home security by Newsweek. So protect your home this summer. You can get 20% off any new SimpliSafe system when you sign up for Fast Protect monitoring. Just visit SimpliSafe dot com slash bs. That is SimpliSafe with two is SimpliSafe dot com slash bs. There's no safe like SimpliSafe.


All right, Steven Ruiz is here. He writes for The Ringer dot com, a great website. He also is on The Ringer NFL show. He is known to have some takes and I wanted to bring him on to play five favorites with his five. This is it man. We're we're bringing them right out of the pizza oven. Your five hottest takes for 2024 in reverse order from five to one. So what is number five? Number five is Doug Peterson is the NFL's most overrated coach. And the Jaguars are gonna finish last in the I ffc south because of it. That's number five. I I was told look, IIII asked. That's amazing. I'm, I can't wait for the next four.


If that was number five, I gave off Gil my list and he said that one's not hot enough. Oh, that's good. That's a problem. Well I'm also out on the Jags but I I do not have them under Tennessee. So what, what make the case for them being worse than Tennessee because that's, I have not heard that one yet. I mean when you hear reports out of their camp, first of all they still have offensive line issues and that was the crux of all of their issues last year. They could couldn't run the football, they couldn't protect Trevor, their wide receiver game at this off season did not pay off where they try to, they thought they could get Calvin Ridley back. They couldn't. They replaced him with Gabe Davis who I don't think is a like for like replacement there. And apparently he showed up to camp overweight. That could be a concern there too. And then first year defensive coordinator, you never know what to expect there.


But like my, my main reason is Doug Peterson in this attachment to press Taylor his offensive coordinator, which has gone back all the way to Philly and he lets him call plays and and press. Taylor just isn't the play caller. He thinks he is. I think if Doug Peterson calls plays for this team, they could win eight, nine games. If press Taylor's calling the plays, I think it might be a five win season for them. Especially if everything goes wrong. Let me, let me ask you a question. Who do you think has more 10 win seasons? Doug Peterson or Chip Kelly? I mean I gave away the answer there. How many does Duck Peterson have? He has won the year they won the Super Bowl the year he had Jim Schwartz the top five defensive coordinator in this league the year he had Jeff St. Stalin, the top five offensive line coach of all time. Outside of that, he's only won nine games at most.


I was looking pretty heavily at their alt unders. 'cause you can get them under six and a half. I'm with you on Jacksonville. you can get them under six and a half. It's like plus two 50. The Brian Thomas Jr stuff threw me off a tiny bit 'cause he's had an awesome training camp and it really does seem like he's gonna be really good. But I don't know how that helps their offensive line. But it at least like they didn't keep Ridley, but it seems like they have somebody who's gonna be able to play and make plays. Yeah. And he's a rookie receiver. You never know what those guys like, they have to block, they have to be able to line up in the right spot. They have to be able to convert their routes based on the coverage. And in Jacksonville, that's been an issue for the last couple years. Yeah. So I, I don't have the most confidence in Doug Peterson being able to teach him and get him ready for this season that quickly.


I blame Brandon Staley like this, this already conversation would've been a wrap if they hadn't blown that lead at halftime. That's a, That's a Good point. Where are you on Trevor Lawrence? Because you've been known to be anti certain QBs, but then, you know, I think you're one of the Justin Herbert enablers. There's a lot of them out there. Where are you on Trevor Lawrence? I'm a, I'm a supporter. I mean, there are weaknesses. I'm not gonna act like there aren't weaknesses. I think he fumbles the ball too much. I think he, he's a little too ambitious as a passer. A little too much dip on his chip. Inaccurate at times. But like when you break down his skillset, there's nothing he lacks. He has the arm strength, he has the athleticism, he has like the pocket movement. He has the ability to read defenses, make quick decisions.


I think you put him in a decent system with an average supporting cast, average play calling. I think we're viewing him as a consensus top 10 quarterback. I think there are a lot of people that already view him as that. This is the year where I wanna see it. 'cause I, I don't think it's gonna be good around him. But that's not an excuse anymore. You're making $275 million. Like you have to overcome your play. You have to elevate the players around you. It's gonna be harder. It's not gonna look like, you know, Brock Purdy, he's not gonna throw reporting touchdowns. But give me the year you gave me in 2022. That's all I ask. And that's not a high bar. I feel like we would've seen it in a real way at this point. Here's another thing I don't like about Jacksonville. Week one at Miami.


Week two Cleveland, week three at Buffalo in Mexico. Week four at Houston, then indie week five at Chicago. Week six. That could be like one in five. Yeah. Yeah. And does this feel like a coaching staff that allows you to punch above your weight at all? Like they lose the games they're supposed to lose and they lose some of the games they're supposed to win? No, and I, they're, they're clearly I have them clearly. Third I Richardson would have to be like just bad for Indianapolis, for them to be below Jacksonville and then that might happen. I it can't be ruled out. He might not, he might stink. I'll, I'll wait for my first, my hottest take to break down Tennessee.


Okay. Yeah. I'll Wait for that. All right, so go to number four. Hmm. Number four take also kind of Eagles related too. Like, I mean the Peterson thing is kind of Eagles related. I think the Eagles offense is gonna be a disaster and I think after this year we're looking at a reset year for this team. Similar to the Carson went 30 million in dead money, we don't care. Just get rid of him year. I think they're headed down that same road right now. I know the vibe seemed good outta Camp Jalen just threw his first interception with camp the other day. But that Jason Kelsey loss is bigger than anyone is, is letting on about like it might be the biggest loss of the off season. This is maybe the best center in NFL history. But he was the best player in that Eagles offense for the last two years.


And the most important player he is the reason why they could do the stuff that they still did well last year. Like the, the tush push was a lot about him, right? The run game, the quarterback run game, a lot about him. Like he was the one calling all the shots before the snap. He was the one changing the plays. There's that famous clip from, I think it was the Kansas City game on Monday night where Jaylen's trying to make a a check at the line and then Kelsey kind of looks at him and just waves it off like demonstrably. Yeah. He's like, no, no, that's, that's not your role in this offense. And losing that I think is a bigger deal than we're giving credit to. I mean you talk about last I do wonder with with Philly, I do wonder seven years from now, are we gonna look back at this era when a bunch of teams were like, we're gonna pay our quarterback like 45 to 50 million a year and we're also gonna pay two receivers 20 to 30 million a year.


And this is a good game plan. I wonder if like in 2031 we're gonna look back and say, remember when teams were doing that and it, it turned out to be the most insane seasoned murdering thing you could possibly do to spend over a hundred million dollars on two receivers and a quarterback. Especially with this team because they'd been through it before with wins where like even in 2017 it was very obvious the offensive line was kind of the key to everything they did offensively. Yeah, that was the case in 2022. I, I feel like there is some naivety on on Harry Rosen's part paying Jalen Hertz when they paid him I thought was a mistake at the time and it looks like a mistake now this is the year where we find out this is the make or break year.


Which is why I'm so confident that it's gonna go either way. Either they're gonna win like 12 games and be back where they were in 2022 or I think it's gonna be a disaster. I like the Kellen Moore, Jalen Hertz marriage. I need to see Yikes before I get optimistic about it because, well Isn't there a case though? But isn't there a case though that Hertz was just hurt last year? That there is a case for that, but I don't think it affected him in the ways that where he struggled the most like as a passer in the pocket. I think it affected him as a runner. I don't think he was as dynamic as a runner in the run game or on scramble plays. I don't think he scrambled as much as he did before. But he has to have those parts of his game to be viable. 'cause we saw last year when he was just a pure drop back passer, it, it all fell apart and it wasn't like guys weren't open.


I know Brian Johnson wasn't the best offensive coordinator, especially in comparison to what was there before in Shane Steichen. But you watch the tape and guys were open and pockets were clean and Jalen Hurtz wasn't pulling the trigger and that falls on him. Maybe there is some confidence issue. I I believe it was the knee that was bothering him. I just don't see how that would affect him in the Podcast runner there. Some, yeah, I know we talked about it on both of our podcasts last year, but there was a couple games. There was one game I, they were playing somebody awful. It was like the Jets or the Giants and, and he was just so bad the whole game and then it came down to the last two minutes and he just threw it in like triple coverage right to the other team. It was like, it was like does this guy have a concussion? What is happening? He had a few of those games where you're really wondering like what was wrong with him.


So I don't know, maybe Maybe, he got down maybe making a lot of money and having that contract. The pressure got to him. But he certainly gotta watch. I think they bounced back, but I'm with you. I certainly wouldn't bet on it. All right, what do you got for three? All right, how hot do I wanna go here? I'm gonna go go The Jets like pull this right outta the 850 degree oven. The jets are our top five team in the, in the NFL this year. Is that hot for you? It's hot. It's, it's, I think they're the single hardest team to figure out in the league. I think they're hard to figure out because so much of it has to do with the fact that they play on that turf and they have a bunch of guys who should not be playing on that turf.


Like this should be an HR complaint on their, on their part. There might be like a, a mass ritual, ACL tearing in week one if these, if all these guys play. But if they stay healthy, that's a big, if I look at the construction of this roster, I look at what the team has been despite its quarterback play in the last couple of years. Like you have a number three defense with what I would consider what's the opposite of a complimentary offense because that's what they had They, especially with Robert Solid An insulting offense. An insulting offense. Yeah. Especially with with how Robert Solid likes to play defense where it's like we're just gonna rush forward, we're gonna play zone coverage. That becomes harder to do when you're playing from behind. Yeah 'cause teams can just run the football.


They don't have to drop back and pass the ball. You don't get those jumps on the snap. So the fact that they've remained in the top five bodes well for them going forward and maybe, Well how about the fact that they were seven and 10 last year, Seven and 10 with like, How are they seven and 10? They had the worst of offense I've ever seen in my life. I think they won seven games a year before that. And Chris Reer, who is for my money, the worst quarterback I've ever seen attempted pass in NFL history. Yeah. Played, played meaningful snaps for them and they won seven games. So I think Bob saw like is a better coach than he gets credit for. And then maybe I'm just like, like glomming onto the, the preseason results from last year. But we saw Aaron Rogers play last year. Like it's not like we haven't seen him play since Green Bay.


And when he played in August and he got to play with Garrett Wilson, it looked like the Devonte Adams, Aaron Rogers combination that we saw in 2021. In 2020 when he won MVP and a big part of Rogers' problems in that last year in Green Bay. He was hurt like he couldn't run. Yeah. And that's what stuck out when you watched him on film is like, if, if a play was dead it was dead And in the past Rogers could, you know, get outside the pocket, make an off platform throw. He didn't have that in Green Bays last year. If that comes back again, another big if, 'cause he now he has an Achilles injury on top of that. They have a decent offensive line. They have Garrett Wilson who I think is the top 10 receiver who Gets i I would say better than decent for the offensive line, wouldn't you? I mean if they, if they stay healthy, I think that's an above average offensive line.


Especially with the, the investments they made this off season. Like they, they sign a couple of guys from free agency, they have got some guys coming back from injury. They have the weapons for him. They have some handpicked weapons that Aaron Rogers picked himself. I don't know if that's a good thing or a bad thing. I'm not concerned about Nate Hackett being heavily involved 'cause I think Aaron Rogers has the ability to turn off his headset and call his own play. And I think that's what he was doing when Hackett was his OC in Green Bay. And I think that's why he wanted him in New York. So if Aaron Rogers, if this is in his hands, those are capable hands in my opinion, They have a ton of talent on both sides of the ball. They might have the best running back in the entire league or at least in the top three.


The way, the way he looked down the stretch last year, if McCaffrey's hurt all season, he might be the number one weapon. He's probably gonna be the most expensive fantasy guy. Wilson could be like one of the seven best receivers in the league. We have no idea. 'cause he had nobody, we didn't even know who was throwing in the ball. I was looking at some of the high end bets with them 'cause I'm with you. The ceiling of them if so is just doing defense. That's it. And Rogers is basically the head coach on offense and he's healthy. Like there's a lot of, if, if, if, if, but the ifs are pretty high end like that number one seed, which was nine to one on FanDuel like two months ago. Now it's plus seven 50. There's been some action on it.


Their division odds were like plus 180 plus 1 75. Now they're the favorite in the division of plus 1 55. I think people are all looking at it the same way. And I've heard the Hassan Reddick, well they don't have Reddick. Why'd they do that? Well they traded next year's number two for him. It's not, they didn't trade anyone They have on this year's team, you know, and he is gonna obviously come back at some point that's gonna be a bonus. But I, I can't shake the Rogers hasn't been good in three years piece. I can't shake the Jets turf, the Jets history, the jet stuff in general. But they seem like they're the safest bet in the a FC East. I certain like them more than Buffalo or Miami. And, and maybe I'm, I'm reading too much into this and this doesn't matter at all, but I, I like the uniform change.


I like going back to the classic uniforms. Always a move that works. The Bucks did it with when they got Brady, they win a Super Bowl. The Browns did it when they had Baker. They win a playoff game like going back to the classic jersey always, always offers a boost to the team. There's a case here with them. They're at San Francisco on a Monday night week one. But they're catching San Francisco I think in a nice spot with the McCaffrey piece. iu who the hell knows Trent Williams, who the hell knows like that? I I would wanna play San Francisco in week one if I had to play them at San Francisco then they're at Tennessee, they're home for the Pats on a Thursday home for Denver. They played Minnesota and London and Minnesota's probably not gonna be great. They might be like four and one after those first five.


Maybe even five. And oh and at some point there's gonna be Jets momentum going. I like their schedule. They have some, some some stinkers in there. Yeah, I I'm, I haven't decided fully yet and I don't feel great about it but I feel my brain gravitated to them. What do you got for number two? This isn't really a take, it's a prediction but I I think it's pretty hot just based on their past results. I think Matthew Stafford is winning MVP and I think Sean McVay we're gonna see Sean McVay's best offense ever. Matthew Stafford is winning MVP as a hot take. He almost wanted two years ago or whenever they won the Super Bowl. He almost wanted, he was like one of the favorites, but I'll I'll Say this.


When you said Matthew Stafford, I thought you were, I actually thought you were gonna say something like, I think his career is over and I think he's gonna start 12 more games. And you went and you zagged and did MVPI Mean if you would've asked me a month, a year and a half ago, I would've said that I I was one of the people that left him for dead after the, the season when he hurts his back. You like watch him play after that and he, he's not, he doesn't have the same zip on the his passes. I don't think he's as confident in the pocket. But last year I, yeah that was top five quarterback play. He didn't have the best offensive line, he didn't have the best run game. That offense was very much, Hey Matthew Stafford, we're gonna put a lot on your plate and go do it. It's like reminiscent of a a, an iso offense like Alan Iversson back in the early two thousands.


Like that's what it felt like to me. I mean obviously he has more talent around him. You can't do it all on your own in the NFL he has Pook and Kuah, he has Sean McVay dialing up the plays, but now they, well now he's Got rejuvenated Cooper Cup Rejuvenated. Yeah, that's a, that's a big reason why I'm buying this team. 'cause Cooper Cup wasn't good last year. No, they beat Detroit in that playoff game. If Cooper Cup H hangs onto a pass on fourth down, no, It looked like his career was headed to being over, but he was obviously really hurt and now he seems like he's on a mission But reports at a camp seem to suggest that Cooper Cup is back and he's back to what he was two years ago on Mission. If that's the case and they pair him with Nku and they have those two guys creating the, the system they had when they had Odell late in that year, that Super Bowl run.


Those guys were hard to cover. They, I think they're running backs too by the way 'cause they got Williams and then they like the guy they drafted and they might have a little two-headed monster thing going too. Yeah. And their offensive line has, has been upgraded and apparently Sean McVay has really invested in diversifying his run game. Like when they played the Patriots in the Super Bowl, it was easy for the Belichick to devise the game plan 'cause they did two things and if you stop those two things, they were done. 'cause Jared Goff couldn't create it out of structure. That's not the case anymore. Sean McVay is gonna have answers, he's gonna have counters to your answers and then he has a, a quarterback that you could, you know, put back there in shotgun. you can empty out the backfield and just let him kind of read things out. He has so many options.


I think this is the best Rams offense we've seen since he got there. And that's saying a lot. It certainly was in the last half of the season. It felt like they were in the top four and that was with Cup not even being really cut. Yeah, I, yeah I have a hot take off your hot take. I, first of all Stafford 30 to one on FanDuel to win MVP. So that's, that's Tasty. NFC West to me is the alpha division this year. I really Like it. I'm right there. You could talk me into four playoff teams with them if I had like two drinks. But I think they could easily, I I said this to Sheila earlier, I like the, I like the NFCA little more than I think most people and I really like the NFC West Lions Packers, the Falcons are interesting Eagles maybe cowboys, but you know, I I think it's, it's gonna be a little tougher to get one of those playoff spots than people think.


But if if the Rams, the Donald thing is the scary part. Yes, yes. I have no way to quantify what it's like to lose the best part. Who ever played that position and he just leaves, right? Like how do you replace that? I know they have some younger guys they like but it's, that could be one of those things four weeks in where we're like oh man, remember when we thought the Rams defense was gonna survive losing Arnold Aaron Donald. No he's such like a load bearing player too for them and for that defense in the past, like everything was built around the fact that he could get pressure in 1.5 seconds and right in the quarterback's lap. Yeah and losing that just has to alter things. That's why I kept the defense out of this piece and I just focused on the offense for this 'cause I'm with you. I don't know how to calibrate this. So I, if I gave you both LA teams in the playoffs and I said pick yes no are you no on that?


Ooh I'm not totally, no I'm no because the A FC is tough for the Chargers to overcome but I think the Chargers are gonna surprise a lot of people 'cause I have confidence in that coaching staff they win everywhere they go. Yeah. So Yeah the chargers are plus one 14 and then the Ram, this is just to make the playoffs. The Rams are minus 1 0 6 so it's probably like plus two 50 So. It's a little more realistic I guess from a gambling standpoint. Then I realized okay it's time. I don't know how you get hotter than Matthew Stafford winning the MVP at 30 to one but it is time for the number one hottest take from Steven Ruiz here it is. What is it? Bryce Young gets bench this year and at the end of the season we all agreed that he is QB four in this class.


Maybe QB five or in his class Bryce Young gets benched like halfway through this like it's that bad where they're just like we have to like get this guy off the field and reset and try to figure out what happened Here. It's the Zach Wilson thing where you frame it as like we need him to take a step back and be able to like see things from the outside in. We got Andy Dalton here. He is a capable veteran who can kind of show him the ropes secretly. Andy Dalton was the only quarterback who really performed well when he got to play last year. Right. He had the same supporting cast as Bryce Young but looked a lot better. But I, I'm writing the quarterback rankings right now. I'm doing the blurbs and I, I saved the young quarterbacks for last 'cause I want to compare how they finished last year to what they're doing in preseason.


And I watched him and Will lavis back to back and I would not blink if you gave me a choice between those two quarterbacks, I would take Will Leviis every time. I think Will Levi actually showed the traits of a top quarterback with Bryce Young? I didn't see him. I'd like what is the trait? What is the thing you've gone onto like with a lot of these quarterbacks? There's something you could take from the rookie year like with Josh Allen. He had that bad rookie year, but everyone was like, look at his intermediate numbers from 10 to 19 yards. He's one of the best quarterbacks. Zach Wilson. It was like over 2.5 seconds if he gets protection, he's one of the higher rated quarterbacks. Even like Blaine Gabbard got some of this with Bryce Young. There's no split you could do to make his numbers look good and at Queens no It seems, it seems like the only case is Dave Canales.


He's, he's, he worked magic with Baker Mayfield and now it's gonna be Bryce Young. That's the only case I've heard for it other than oh it was a bad year. He's learned some stuff and year two And he didn't bring Mike Evans along with him. He didn't bring that guy along with him. So I, I don't know how it works out. And there has to be a trait you build around like the comparison before the draft was Steph Curry, he is the Steph Curry of football. Yeah. What's the equivalent of Steph Curry's three point shooting at Bryce Young's game? I think the thing that was shocking to me was that he wasn't as lightning fast scrambling. Nope. And just, I thought he'd be one of those guys 'cause this was in college. He was in such control when he moved around and he always felt like he was a half step faster than anyone chasing him.


And then the pros, he just wasn't. So there was that and then you get to the pros and I think we just forget this, just how fucking big the linemen are on both sides, you know, and it, they, he couldn't throw the ball over the middle 'cause you know, that's the issue. Got six five here, six six here, six seven here. So they were trying to like innovate and have him like roll out a little bit or take like a seven step drop and it was pretty ugly. I was looking at, I think they're gonna be terrible. I was looking like a, some of their alt unders, like their alt under three and a half wins for them to go three and 14 or worse is plus three 30 to go. That's good Odds man To go four and 13 or worse is plus 2 0 5.


I think the three worst teams in the league are gonna be the Panthers, the Patriots, the giants. And I would have Vegas probably the four I those four. I just don't see any path for any of those teams being good. Vegas is like the quarterback thing and the coach that's just a mass murder, right? Yeah. Giants the dimes thing combined with the weird off season they had, that's a murder. And then if you're right about Bryce, what's the path for the Panthers? They even have first run pick I think even if I'm wrong about Bryce. What's the, what's the path? Yeah. For them, Like even Bryce is like the 20th best quarterback in the NFL. The supporting cast is one of the worst in the NFL. The defense isn't gonna be that good that like I would put them in their own category almost like with the Raiders.


I would put the Raiders in there, but they're, at least the Raiders have a defense that looked good last year at the end of last year. Right. The Raiders can rush to passer, but that's not gonna matter if they're down 14 in the third quarter. Like the, the big pass rush ain't helping. Yeah. The Bryce thing's, it, it really, the, the bigger piece of this would be if he really did suck and got benched this year, now that trade's moving into a whole different category of Caleb's good, right? Yeah. Yeah. And that's, that's the problem. We're already seeing some comparisons like Caleb made that one throw where he spun out and threw to his left. I saw Panthers Twitter, I'm a Panthers fan so I'm following all those people. They were posting the clips of Bryce Young doing a similar play last year, but it wasn't quite the same.


But you, you hit the nail on the head like the past rushers in this league are big and they're strong and they're fast and Bryce Young is none of those things. And you can see him try to work around those defensive linemen and it is just not there. He doesn't have the arm talent to do it. He can't make the throws to the perimeter and like you said, the middle of the field is kind of cut off to him. There's nowhere else on the field to throw the football. Yeah. You're just throwing deep outs and stops or screen passes or whatever. Bubble screens we should have mentioned earlier, you're a giant Panthers fan so the, this is something you've probably put more thought into than any other team and any other take. And you watch Bryce every week and I thought the same thing. That was why that one time when he beat the Packers it was made me so mad.


I had the Packers and a tease. I'm like, you gotta be fucking kidding me. This guy can't do anything every week and now he's torching you. But That was the perfect game for him though because you, you face a soft defensive line who does, who's not gonna put pressure on the pocket? Who's gonna play off in the secondary? Like that's, that's how he has to play. Yeah. That's the type of defense he has to play. You're not gonna see those in the NFL very often though. Yeah, and the the, what is their, lemme see what their first four weeks are. This is an interesting take with the, and then we'll go the, okay, so they start at New Orleans Home Chargers at Vegas, home Cincy at Chicago. That Chicago game could be a nightmare.


That's week five. If Caleb's awesome and Bryce has like three picks, He somehow that's a Disaster. Somehow They somehow pulled out the Texans game last year 'cause that had the potential to be the disaster 'cause of how Shroud looked. But if it happens this time, like especially since they made the like for like trade, like Yeah And with Dave Tepper, it's, it's hard to describe what it's like to be a fan of a team with a bad owner, especially in the NFL 'cause it's so easy to, to hide in plain sight in the NFL. You have to be Dan Snyder to get the bad owner rep where like in the NBA, if you don't, you know, pay the luxury tax, you're a bad owner in the MLB it's very easy 'cause there's no salary cap. I mean he's a bad owner. He's, he's showed it like the hires have been bad.


The, the patience. There has been no patience as evidenced by the trade for Bryce Young, he couldn't weigh one year for Caleb, he needed his number one overall pick that year. And he picked a year where the number one prospect was five eight and weighs 180 pounds. Well anytime you fire a coach you hired during the first season of that coach, it's a pretty rare level to get to as an owner. Like to miss that that badly where you're like, I can't even wait till the end of the year to get rid of this guy. With that he went the whole off season to hire him and that's how bad it went. He did it with the MLS team too. The MLS. He owes both teams in Charlotte and he fired the MLS manager too with within a year. So David Teer, some people should known a sports team.


Steven Ruiz. We can read you on The Ringer dot com. We can list you on The Ringer NFL show. Great takes. Good to see you. Thanks For having me.


This episode is brought to you by State Farm. State Farm helps you score an affordable price when you choose to bundle home and auto insurance with the personal price plan. Bundling home and auto. That's a pro move. Just another way you can save on your insurance needs. Talk to a State Farm agent today to learn how you can bundle and save with the personal price plan. Like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Prices are based on rating plans that vary by state coverage. Options are selected by the customer availability. Amount of discounts and savings and eligibility vary by state.


This episode is brought to you by Michelob ULTRA. Michelob al ULTRA. good for many things. Camping barbecues cheering on your favorite team. Hanging out on a nice summer night, which I just did actually on Friday night. Just sitting outside just having a beer And. Guess what? Michelob. ULTRA because they sent me a bunch of Michelob ULTRA and it's really good And. there were only a couple left and I was mad 'cause every time we put it in the fridge, somebody drinks it, but it was delicious. Be sure to stock up for the summer. Enjoyed Michelob ULTRA Superior Light Beer. Order a pack of Michelob ULTRA today. Have it delivered through doordash.com. LDA 21 and up.


You'll love Apple card. It's everything a credit card should be and more. Earn up to 3% daily cash back on every purchase, which can automatically earn interest when you open a high yield savings account through Apple Card. Apply for Apple Card and the wallet app. Subject to credit approval. Savings is available to Apple card owners. Subject to eligibility Apple card and savings by Goldman Sachs. Bank. SA Salt Lake City branch member FDIC. Terms and more@applecard.com.


Alright, we're bringing out the, the big guns here for five favorites. Original OG Ringer employee Kevin Clark, now at ESPN. You see him on your tv, you can, you can see 'em on your YouTubes still talking football, still whipping out the takes. It's great to see you. I'm so happy to be here. Your lighting is phenomenal. We've discussed outside the window and being in front of you's just changed everything. It's, I know it's a Big window. Lightings important. I asked you what you wanna do for five favorites. Yeah, we negotiated a little bit. It's in the offensive realm. It Is.


We didn't know whether it's fun, whether it's red zone slash watchable pass. Watchable, watchable, watchable. So, so what we used to do with the, at The Ringer was our top, we'd go one through 32 top teams you wanna see on Red Zone. And we always used to call Scott Hanson and ano and they would give great takes on what makes a great red zone team. And it's what makes a great offense. They score touchdowns, not field goals. They don't meander like, like they have explosive plays. Normally it's a running quarterback, like we know what it looks like So, it's, it's distinction with that difference. I say top five most watchable. But you can also go with red zone teams. So the Patriots will not be on this list. Can I defend Drake?


May for 30 seconds. I'd love it. I mean, I have a lot of, I'm hoping he is my quarterback for the next 20 years of my life, so please do So. I went to a practice and he looks bad, which is not uncommon in the early part of it, but he just didn't play. And we're gonna get to some of these rookie quarterbacks on my list. But like he's learning pro football, which is a completely different game than college. They just, Frank May's never seemed a, a good disguise blitz in his life. Like that's how the college game is now. Okay. The way the hash marks are, the way the athletes are, it's just, it's just a little bit different. And then he is going against a bunch of guys who learned defense from Bill Belichick, like it's gonna look bad.


He just hasn't played enough football and hasn't played enough pro football for, for it to look anything other than struggle. Like he seemed confused pre-snap when I was there and post snapp and he selling a couple desperations. Are there snaps or than Zoom too? Presna and post Snap. I think he got a handle on it at the He got what about? Well, no, but like he, he would like have desperation, shovel passes and stuff because it was, it was clear to me at least that he didn't know what was coming or the pressure was coming. But like that's just gonna happen in training camp. That's what it's for. So I'm still, I, I had Drake may stop and I'm holding onto it and anything I saw at that practice, I'm discarding because it would hurt my priors.


Well now he's been doing a lot better and they're talking about potentially him starting in week one, which I think is, it's not the dumbest thing of the 2020s, but it's in the conversation because they have a brutal schedule. The first four games, we have no right tackle, we have no left tackle. He's 21 years old and he took this huge hit in the Eagles game where the left tackle just missed a block. Drake Mags, Drake maggots pancake. It looked like he was like, landed on his shoulder and my dad and I were watching we're like, duh, I just just put him on ice until like week six. I don't wanna see him. How would you feel if you're Jacobi and like the literal line is, Hey, why don't we get this guy hurt? Like let's just, someone's gonna get hurt.


It might as well be that guy let you paying. That's what, that's what the money's poor situation there with Jacob. I think this is his probably last dance at being a starting qb. So he's probably, I agree. He's about to move into the phase where he's standing next to the coach a lot and he is got a cool hat on and looks concerned during two minute warnings. He's Two steps. And we could play this game all day long. He's two steps from podcasting because he, because you get one step and you're like, just a career backup like two years. Oh, that's interesting. How many steps is that? So set. So the first step is backup qb. Yeah. There's not a second step where you're like third QB headset. So With Brit, I think it's backup QB with like a really good starter like Kansas City where it's like he's never gonna play.


Who was the who? It was the Brandon. It was Brandon Weed. When he was backup with Dallas, he literally said, God forbid I have to play. Because like you don't, that means the starting quarterbacks now, like that kind of gap. But you see these guys all the time for Steph not there. You see them on, on August 5th. Every training camp. They have a pouch in their stomach. Yeah. And they have, they've, they're, they're basically vibes guys. They're always wearing a branded golf hat and they've just stepped off the course it looks like and they have no interest in playing. They're there just to run the offense. That's just to be in meetings. That's the first step before podcasting. The last step before podcasting. Sounds amazing.


Can't wait for this season. 4 million a year. It like 4 million a year. So Jacoby, the next step is, is that what I just described? It might be next year for you. And then we're, we're headed to the, the podcasting room. You're gonna count down from five to one. Sure. Your favorite red zone offenses. So give us number five. Yes. Alright. Red zone channel offenses. Most watchable offenses. This one's gonna surprise people. This is not best offenses. Please do not say, oh, you lift off the packers. This is not best offenses. The Washington Commanders of Jaden Daniels are going to be so unbelievably fun to watch. So Jaden Daniels is one of these guys and and there's a couple of them in this draft and there's gonna be more coming.


I call them Dr. Quarterbacks because they played for so many years in college and they just played football. Like there's a stat, the bo Nicks like the fifth oldest week one starter ever. The other guys were either playing minor league baseball or in the army like Roger s Staubach. Right. Defending Our country. Yeah. And so, so, and Bo Nicks was just playing football and Jay Daniels is the same, like Brent Jayden Daniels threw a touchdown to college to beat Justin Herbert. He's played a million years. I think he had double the career that that JJ McCarthy. And so you look at that and I talked to the quarterback coach, Avita Pritcher when I was in practice a couple weeks ago, and he was like, the thing with these guys now is the transfer portal has, has, has become one of the most important things in football, be in pro football because these guys are able to find a home.


They're able to get different coaching and then there's so much tape and so much data in their head that they're almost like the Drake may have be the opposite, but like, they're basically pros, you know, as far as preparation and as far as experience and that stuff. And they just have to get the final piece. But Jayden GA is ready to push the ball down field. Like right now he broke Joe Burrow's explosive record, like for all time explosive plays in the college level. Cliff Kingsbury's gonna understand what he can do. They're already meeting with him, figuring out like what he likes to do inside fades. I saw a nice wheel route the other day that, that that went deep. Like they're gonna be able to push the ball down the field really quickly. And the other part of it is like he plays, he takes a lot of sacks and he holds onto the ball.


Like there's always going to be excitement with Jaden Daniels. And, and I don't think we're necessarily giving that enough attention. So you're thinking big plays, Huge plays, Fumble touchdowns for the defense, fumble touchdowns, maybe a couple picks. And then what he did in college, which he just takes off and he runs for like 45 yards And say what you love about Cook Kingsburg, you can say a lot of things. He can design a run, he can design a run. And I remember Steve Marie once saying that if nothing else he'd hire when they, when they hired him in Arizona, he said he would hire him as run game coordinator. And like that's always been kind of his dancing thing. And so I, and nothing else. There will be good schematic stuff for Jaden Daniels early, like we too early, like too often conflate making our rookie quarterback's life easy with babying him.


We're always like, oh, we gotta have check downs. We get a tight end or whatever. It's like no, do what he's comfortable with and what Jaden Daniels is comfortable with is throwing the ball 40 yards downfield. Right? So he's on FanDuel is six to one to win offensive rookie of the year and Caleb Williams is one 20. That's pretty So, and Harrison's plus six 50. And to me it's like, I think all three of those should be dead. Even I, I could totally see Harrison winning offensive rookie of the year. It looks like he's gonna be incredible. Completely agree. I I may or may not have been on a couple Pats fan text threads where we're kind of like, oof hope, hope he doesn't turn into like the best wide receiver of all time. That would suck if we didn't take him.


But Caleb versus Jaden is like, is they're both in good situations. They're both gonna throw the ball a ton. I don't know why one would be so higher than the other. Well Caleb is coming into the best situation for a number one overall pick ever. Yeah. Like to have Romo Dunes a and then the two veterans, DJ Moore and, and Keenan Allen. Even though there's some weirdness around Kenan Allen, he's getting all the things that Justin Fields didn't get and I think people are understanding that he's gonna have instant success higher for that franchise. Counter. Sam Howell Yeah. Came within a stones throw of throwing for 4,000 yards last year. Do you know that Sam how had like 3,950 yards passing and it was like, I don't, I don't remember any of them so Alright, go go to number four.


There was a, there was like a three week period where you get yelled at by Commanders fans. He said Sam Howell wasn't the future. It was incredible, right? It was incredible. Yeah. And then he would just get sacked 10 more times. All right, number four is All right, number four. This guy has the potential to be the most exciting player in football. He is the fastest quarterback in history of the combine. He two tenths faster than Cam Newton and three tenths faster than Josh Allen. He has vertically over 40 inches, five inches better than Cam Newton's. It's Anthony Richardson and the Indianapolis Colts. Mm. So wow. That, that was what annoys what annoys he played one month last year and he was one of the best in the NFL very, very small sample size, but the, one of the best NFL against perfectly covered plays, which means like the defense does its job and you still, you still deliver.


And he reached 21 miles per hour when he ran fastest by a QB without the ball since 20 20 16. According to next gen stats, there was a thing this week where Bengal's defenders were like making fun of his throwing or whatever, that he wasn't his developer as a, I'm, I'm betting big on athletic, I'm also betting big on Shane is a really good coach. Jonathan Taylor in that backfield. The line is good. The defense is gonna be good enough. Like Soak and I went back and forth a couple weeks ago on this. He's, he's not that into the defensive backfield. I don't care, I'm not picking them to, to to beat the chiefs here. I'm picking them to be excited. They're gonna be unbelievable to watch if, if Richard stays healthy. Which by the way is always been a question.


I Like their skill guys. I actually like their wide receiver crew. Taylor coming out, they settled his contract, they have good offensive line. He's in a great spot. I just have no idea if he's good. Yes. It seems like people have been pretty split on the preseason with him. Yes. No. Yes. And, and, and part of this I wanna see schematically like what they do. Like, it's so hard if if the, if the the question is wrong, like what are you gonna do with a guy? It's so hard to decipher that in preseason because guys don't wanna show anything. Like Yeah, last year Mike McDaniel changed offense and nobody in Miami on like August 10th was like, oh, Mike puns gonna change offense.


No, they did it in, in Los Angeles the first week of the season. It was under wrap. So like, I think if you're gonna, it's hard for me to read anything into that. Like you need to keep them healthy, he needs to take another step. But like his potential is unbelievable. I mean it's very, it's very Josh Allen, right? Where where you just, there's just so many questions and so many things have to go right. But like if it does go right, everything changes in the afc, They're definitely on my radar as like I can't wait to see what happens with this team. And he seems like he's in a good spot. I think they're from Jacksonville, Tennessee to, I think it'd be crap teams in the division seems set up for him. Good Coach Also. Also, yeah, I was gonna say, turns out Shane was really important to Philadelphia because last year they had no second pitch when they couldn't handle the blitz.


And so maybe Shane St was a really freaking good coach. Which is funny because that happened years ago with the Super Bowl team, the Nick Foles team where everybody was like, well it was actually, you know, Frank Reich or people thought it was John Lippo all this stuff. And it's like, well it's a lot of guys, but like Shane Ste was very important to that Super Bowl team two years ago. Anyway. Alright, number three. Number three is an easy one, but it's, it's not like what you think it's the Chiefs and there's a couple things about it. It was funny, I was reading Jesus Christ thing the other day. Where, what? I don't know. No, that a little fine. Go ahead. Let's hear the case. Alright, so there was a thing the other day, you know, I was reading an article on Pff, it was like everybody's weakness and it was that Mahomes bail from the pocket too early and tries to make these crazy plays.


And that's what you want if you just saying let's, let's, let's be entertaining. Like he wants to make a play happen all the time. But the most important thing to me Bill, is the chemistry. As with Kelsey, it is, well it is a basketball team. Yeah. Like Kelsey doesn't even a bunch of plays, he doesn't even run routes man. He just finds holes in the defense, puts his hand up and like posts up and calls for the ball. I've never seen anything like it. maybe Maybe, I'm, I'm I just gonna a ball or whatever. But like Colt McCoy did a great breakdown of this right before the Super Bowl where like against every coverage, Travis Kelsey just sort of wanders out into the defense. They know exactly where they're gonna be and he gets an 11 yard game.


I've never seen anything like it. And it's one of the coolest things and it's sort of hard to, to pick up on, it's hard to see on the TV copy, all that stuff. Like the nuances of those two guys in their chemistry is as special as anything as there is in football right now. And I, I just, I I can't get enough of it. I would add for the case for the Chiefs, if Worthy becomes like a really fun toy. Yes. Which you can see some of the preseason, they're putting him in different spots and just telling him to basically run fast. Mahomes will find them. It does feel like he might play more than, hey, you know, the fast receivers that are like late first round, early second round. It just feels like a fucking coin flip. Whether those guys are be good or not coin, there's no no rhyme or reason to it, but it seems like he might actually be good.


Well then the, I improv like the biggest part with the chief is the improvisation down the field. Like Brett GM couple years ago. Like you have to scout. They actually, Brett actually studied Berger and Antonio Brown years ago. Yeah. When, when Mahomes was young because he was looking at like what happens when plays break down each basketball in the eighth second of a play. Like Tyreek Hill was so good at just finding these zones where nobody was gonna be using this feature. Yeah. To the advantage, like worthy to me, I joke about this, but it's becoming less and less of a joke worthy to me is like the most important player in football this year because if he is a legitimate right receiver, the league is over.


Yeah. Like if you, if you're the Bills and you look at the Chiefs and they've got Xavier worthy like as the new tar kill in year one, you're like, the hell are we gonna do, like it really is the X factor for the entire league. And Hollywood Brown is there. There's just, there's a lot, there's a lot here. I mean the, the, the biggest problem for the entire league bill is that last year they had the, the chiefs had the hardest path by DVOA in the history of the playoffs. They had the worst team in the Mahomes Reed era and they won the Super Bowl. Like, I I, I don't, it seems very discouraging if you're trying to build a contender in this era. Well, I mean there's a lot of things that you have to think can this happen again? And also this has never happened like the three-peat, which has never happened since we've started football.


But that yeah, you go back that Buffalo game, I can still see Alan missing digs deep in the middle and it's like just what happens if he hits that pass? I wonder if the Chiefs won that game. I, if I was a Bills fan, that game would make me crazy. I felt like they had Yeah, I know that's the shaki, there's a sha touchdown that shoulda happened. There were a bunch of plays. There were bunch Of left plays on the table. Alright, number two, The Miami Dolphins. So there's something here with, with the Miami Dolphins that is really special. First of all, like if you look, when, if you look at Waddle and Hill and how fast they move, they're the fastest team like ever Waddle was 20 per 20 miles per hour or more on 6.5% of his plays the last two years.


And the only person with more is re kill who's at 10%. And and that's like double anybody else. I think George Pickens might be third and they just move in a way that Mike McDaniel, like the motions they have that Mike McDaniel uses in such a special way. And the efficiency is what's kind of amazing because they run the ball Aton, they rotate a little bit. And the efficiency is, I think that Tyre Hill, like you look at usage rate, Tyreek Hill caught a pass on like more, a higher percent of his routes than like any player in history last year. Like he, when he, when he goes out for a route, he normally gets the ball and there's an efficiency there that is just stunning. And the fact that they spread the ball around too is really incredible.


And so I think that just generally, we've never seen an offense like this and, and I don't know if it's even possible to have it again, One in six against playoff teams last year had their pants pulled out in the KC playoff game. No, I'm just like, I've been on some dolphins, text Reds, JJ, do you remember JJ Dolphins fan? Oh yeah. That's my guy. And he's kind of touchy feely about the Dolphins 'cause everyone's kind of out on them. Yeah. And he's upset about it. And I, I don't know if you told me this will continue and it will still be the most fun offense like it was last year or this could go really badly. I think I would lean toward the really badly, but I'm not ruling out the other side either.


I just think they have so many fast guys. They just have a, just keep it coming, you know, and and I think that there's, they build it on speed. That's their identity. Get it. They show they can have a floor with two. They're Super fun to watch. I'm, I'm Closer to I they they the now he's paid. Yeah. Now it's like when he does the thing where it's like, oh my leg hurts. And he comes out his helmet's off and it's like, my leg fine. Then he goes back in. I don't know, I just, the Hold the hold. I love the hold The, the during the game holding, we're just for like the one series holding. All right Miami's one. So I should, I should've done that. If The Ringer just Podcast, if you fold in, that would've been amazing. In the middle of podcast be like, oh man, I have six months left on my deal.


I'm gonna just start, I'm gonna this one out. Nora, you take this one. Number one is Number number one is the Houston, Texas. I love it. So it. DJ Rou had the best deep passing rating, passer rating in the history of the sport last year. He was a rookie by the way. And when he struggled, he struggled on intermediate to short passes. He struggled on on on Target passes. And they went out and they got Stefon Digs who's one of the best intermediate receivers in football last year and always has been. It's just reliable and it's always gonna get open. They weirdly, I don't agree with what they did, but they really put digs into a contract here. So he's gonna be motivated. Nico Collins is good at every single thing on a football field.


Great against man, great against zone. He's just really, really, really good. But more than anything, it's just that CJ ra like the thing that always, I, I always think about no one threw past the sticks more than CJ Strau and like in this league now it's become so stupid where everybody and I, I know, I know why you're doing it, but I don't like to watch it. You're always taking what the defense gives you. You're always taking the check down. And what CJ Stroud is like, what if I threw at 19 yards to Nico Collins? What if I did that? And like that to me is, if you can do that reliably and like it'll change.


Like I, it was not sustainable. That stroud's deep passer rating last year was a hundred points higher than Patrick Mahome. It's because how they defend Mahomes, it's totally fine. They're gonna start defending Stroud differently. But that's why you add in different pieces. You add in different pitches to your game. This is just like I we're, we're watching something special. And what's funny is like, we saw it against Georgia two years ago in the playoffs. He was dominating them. He was doing whatever he wanted to against a a almost NFL defense. I would never say the differences in the two, the two, the two sports, but it's just, it's, it's, it's genius at work. It's special stuff. If we hadn't seen Mahomes so recently, we'd be talking about it differently because I think no one can be Mahomes.


But there's someone here now who's kind of the prince who has promised that, that they can take on the homes in, in, in two, three years. And you did mention Tank Dell's back. He's back, he's the three awesome receivers. We'll see with Diggs Diggs, it always makes me nervous when the bill's like, yeah, you should go, go to another team. But the Stroud stuff, yeah, I was looking at the passing yard leader stuff for him and he was like seven to one. Yeah. To finish with the most passing yards. He had 3,512 games. When he got hurt last year, he was un paced for almost 5,000 as a rookie. And now it's year two. His receiving corps is better. The team I think is just gonna be better in general.


And the only case against him chucking it the same way would be if they're just good and they're up in games and they're not throwing as much. But I'm all in on CJ Stroud stuff. I think he's, and And yes, MBP out and I think he's, he's, he's a possible play passing yards, 4,000 yards, 4,500 yards. Like I'm in on all those. They also lucked out because Bobby s slow throw. OC is coming back like right. The biggest the, when you have a defensive coach, first of all Dko or Ryan's an awesome coach. Yeah. Brian Callahan told me a couple years ago that when they, when the Bengals are playing the Niners, they like Dko Ryan's against Joe Burrow just invented a defense on the fly. Just like came up with the Tampa two thing they'd never seen on tape. And the coaches like, what the hell is this?


And it was, it was just because Tamika Ryans is so good at teaching and coming up with stuff and I thought that was pretty, pretty interesting. So I always knew he'd be a good coaching candidate. But then you have the on the oc, like I don't wanna get into this whole thing, but like one of the funny things about Robert Salads, he keeps hiring these bad ocs. Yeah. And it's like you should be able, if you're a defensive coach, you shoulda have the best marketing. Like you have the best job opening in the world. It's like you get to run this offense if you're any good, you get to be head coach. Yeah. And so, like Bobby Sek has a proof of concept and he didn't get a head job last year. That is so important. 'cause I'm sure he'll get one this year. That to me is a huge, huge, huge thing in the AFC race. I like it. Kevin Clark, great to see you as always.


Hope all as well in New York City. It is. Say hi to say hi to all your colleagues for me. I'll Thanks buddy. All right. That's it for the podcast. Please subscribe to our YouTube channel, which you can find youtube.com/ Bill Simmons. Don't forget new re watchable went up Wednesday. Rudy, if you missed it, you can watch that on The Ringer movies YouTube channel as well. Thanks to Kyle Creighton and Steve Rudy for producing thanks to Kevin Clark and Steven Ruiz and Padia and Kyle Brandt as well for being on the podcast. And I'm gonna see you on Sunday night. Enjoy the weekend.


It must be 21 plus in President select states for Kansas and affiliation with Kansas Star Casino or 18 plus in president dc. Gambling problem, call 100 gambler. Visit rg help.com. Call 1 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org/chat in Connecticut. Or visit md gambling help.org in Maryland. Hope is here. Visit gambling helpline ma.org or call 8 3 2 7 50 50 for twenty four seven. Support Massachusetts. Or call 1 8 7 7 8 Hope ny. Or Text HOPE NY in New York.