
Coming up. It's Sunday. The NFL is coming. We're gonna guess some lines. The because is here. We're back. Baby


This episode is brought to you by Michelob ULTRA. Michelob al ULTRA. good for many things. Camping barbecues cheering on your favorite team. Hanging out on a nice summer night, which I just did. actually on Friday night, just sitting outside just having a beer And. guess what? Michelob. ULTRA because they sent me a bunch of Michelob ULTRA and it's really good And. there were only a couple left and I was mad. 'cause every time we put it in the fridge, somebody drinks it, but it was delicious. Be sure to stock up for the summer. Enjoy Michelob ULTRA. A superior light beer. Order a pack of MLO Bocher today. Have it delivered through doordash.com. LDA 21 and up.


This episode is brought to you by Buffalo Wild Wings. Go takeout and delivery from Buffalo Wild Wings is now Buffalo Wild Wings go. I like it. And for a limited time, you can get 10 free boneless wings from Buffalo Wild Wings. Go when you spend $15 and use promo code. Go boneless. My favorite. By the way, this makes it easier for you to try more of bubs sauces. They have a crazy amount of sauces and dry rubs as you know. If you've ever been there, there's like 26 of them. Man, how do I narrow down to a favorite? I like Nashville Hot. I like the original Buffalo. I'm an original Buffalo guy. Orange Chicken. Underrated. They have a bunch of 'em. Go look. Order Buffalo Wild Wings. Go right now while you watch the games this football season. And enjoy your 10 free boneless wings. And I'm gonna recommend the Nashville Hot 'cause I like the hot. You can get the Nashville hot sauce while you're at it. At participating locations for a limited time when you order in the Buffalo Wild Wings web or app.


We're also brought to you by The Ringer. Podcast Network. I will have an Uber re watchable for you on Monday because Michael Keaton Beetlejuice, we're back with Keaton. So we got into the first Michael Keaton movie, the one that put him on the map. The one that may be by Michael Keaton. Season tickets, that's right. Night shift. We'll be breaking that down. It's gonna be going up Monday night. It is one of the top 20, top 20 movies I've seen the most. I think. I know that's weird, but look, it came out in 1982. As I've said many times, the movies you love when you're 13 and 14 often become your favorite movies. So night Shift is one for me, me and Chris Ryan. Stay tuned Monday night and you can watch it as well on The Ringer Movies channel on YouTube.


Well, you know we're brought to you by FanDuel Sportsbook. You know they have futures featured bets. They have futures live right now. They have the Futures Fusion tap that they asked Sal and I to add a bunch of custom parlay bets. We like. We've been going through a bunch of them on this podcast. you can use our special boost to boost any of our picks, division, playoffs, whatever my favorite pick you heard at the top NFC South under 30 wins plus 1 55. So please jump on that one. And we're gonna be in a little bit talking about a bunch of those bets. We're gonna do a futures draft. We're gonna actually draft our favorite futures and go back and forth and see if we take one from the other. So be it. But we're gonna try to do a bunch of those. And then we're gonna do Guest Alliance week one NFL. And then we're gonna do Parent Corner. So there you go.


One last thing before we get to Sal. You might have noticed they put out the the tweet and the date for Mr. McMahon new Netflix docuseries. That premiers September 25th. I know I've been talking about on this podcast for a couple years, it's been a four year odyssey to get this up. So it'll be September 25th. I would carve out about six and a half hours if I were you because it is something. So there you go. All right. It's time for Sal first. Our friends from Pro, We are officially here.


Sundays are back. Cousin Sal here. It's September 1st. My favorite month of the year. We're going to do an NFL Futures bed draft at the top. We are going to, here we go, we're gonna do Guest the lines for week one. We're gonna do some parent corner. We have a whole action pack thing for you. So Sal, we like so many NFL futures. We just decided to do a draft and if we take one from the other one, so be it. So the whoever goes first, then you go second and third. I go fourth to fifth. Yeah. Yeah. So we get two in a row. Yeah, I think we should say we're putting like 50 K fake dollars on each one of these or something. Oh, oh really? To just see that add the tally up at the end of the year.


What do, do you think, So let me ask you then. So could I just pick first and go no undefeated teams minus 3,500 or no, it has to be No, I I thought about that. I think we should try to keep it like even odds or plus. Alright. And if you wanna have like one or two in the, in the minus one 50 minus 1 75 inch go. But we, I'm gonna have I No idea. Let's go longer shots. That's Fine. That's good. That's fine. Yeah. Alright. You wanna go first? You wanna go first or you want me to go first? Let's let The California lottery determine it. We'll wait till night. We'll add up the balls. It's okay. You, you go first. I'll go first. I'll go your show. My favorite future. Yeah. So we talked about this on, on the NFC over under podcast and I challenged FanDuel.


I was like, I think the NFC sounds could probably gonna win like, I don't know, 24, 25 games max put some chest hair on FanDuel. Put this on your Sportsbook app. Put it in futures fusion. The hottest nightclub in in LA right now. Put it in there. Let's see it. So FanDuel, they put up NFC South under 30 wins. So 29 and under you win and it's plus 1 55. So if the NFC south has 30 combined wins, you lose that one I talked about in the NFC thing. I think the NFC south is gonna be a dumpster fire. I would be shocked if anyone's even in the high twenties from this division Come back, think that. Yeah, No of course. That's a good one.


I think you added it up and it was 31, right? Is the actual number for all the wins so that they're adjusting it. Yeah, this is good one. Alright. I'm trying to figure out how it loses. And I think here, here are the, here's the case studies. So Atlanta's schedule is so easy. If Atlanta just becomes like the super easy schedule, nobody believes in them. They're 12 and five but everybody can't wait to get bet against them in the playoffs. I think that has to happen. I think Carolina has to be a maybe a little better. There's some buzz. That's The main one. Carolina can't screw you. Everyone else will be around seven. Carolina can't be seven, that's it. They got, they gotta get outta it. There's, there's some like slight buzz with Carolina. I'm like, I dunno, maybe Maybe Maybe it 11 to one to win the division.


I don't see it at all. I think they're gonna be awful. So anyway. Plus 1 55. That's my bet. All right. You got the next two. Alright. Alright, I'll go. There's another one we discussed. I really, really love this and it pays six to one exact order of finish. Detroit, green Bay, Chicago, Minnesota. Of course you could switch that around. Go Chicago, green Bay for second. Third. I think he gets seven to one. But I really like what we settled on. Lions, packers, bears, Vikings. Because I'm, I'm really, I haven't been this confident in a first place team and a fourth place team finished in a while. And I think, I think we have the right one for second and third six. So that's the NFC north exact order six to one which has been on there for a month or so.


And they have 'em for every division. They have every combination. That is by far my favorite one. Okay, good. 'cause the really, the only way you probably lose it is if Green Bay somehow is better than Detroit and that I don't, I think that Chicago, Minnesota three four combo, I'm locking that in. I don't see any chance Chicago's better wins wise than Detroit or Green Bay. And you and I are both, we talked about it a few days ago. You and I are both super bullish on Detroit. Let's just commit to those two bets, the NFC South under and what I just went over and let's watch the rest of the year. Why do we have to go crazy on ourselves? So I had that as my third most favorite.


Okay. Future. So you took one from me but the plus six hundred's. Great. So if we're doing 50 K per bet Wow. And you hit that one, you'll have a lead. I I will have hit my bet and still you'll be winning me. Alright, what's your, what's your other one? I'm gonna go same division here. I have to decide between, I like both of these and I actually you could take one if I do the other, I like Caleb Williams to lead the league in interceptions oh one, but I also like him over 11 and a half interceptions. All right, I'm gonna go over 11 and a half interceptions minus one 12. That is asking a lot for a rookie quarterback to come in there and have fewer than 12 interceptions.


But all three secondaries are are pretty good. Even Minnesota's, you know, you could could, there are some blue chippers in there. 12 interceptions is not a bad year. If he has like 27 touchdowns and 12 interceptions, that's not bad at all. And he is gonna make some mistakes and you know, if he play, it's less than one a game. Gimme Caleb over 11 and a half ints. What is the juice on that? Minus one 12. That's really good. I was looking at that most interceptions bet. It was, it was shocking. Josh Arnold, Josh Allen was one of the favorites. Oh yeah, he turned then I looked it up last year and he had 18 picks last year and I was like, oh yeah, I forgot. Yeah, yeah, yeah. He threw a ton of picks. But usually there's the bad QB who gets to play all the time.


Like last year was Sam Howell. Right. And I think he might have either he finished with the most or he was right there the year before was Davis Mills. So I, I have a, I have one for this a little later that I was, I was looking at. Okay. That I thought was twice nice. Go twice. Alright, so I have two in a row. I'm, I wanna do one longer shot and one that I just really like, but both of them are based in the A FC South. They have a little DNA in the A FC South. The division that I think both of us are intrigued by this year. First one, Mahomes, CJ Stroud and Trevor Lawrence. All to throw for 4,000 yards Parlay plus 4 0 3.


So I looked at this, Lawrence has thrown for 4,000 yards and two of the last three years, including last year when he had a hundred injuries, Mahomes would have to get hurt to miss this. And Stroud first 12 games last year threw for 3,500 yards, missed a couple games, came back, still finished over 4,000. And now the receivers are better. And I mean I basically, somebody would have to get hurt for them to miss this. And four to one is tasty. And I was trying to, I was looking at the history of 4,000 yard throwers, which is a little easier now that we have the extra game. But there's usually between like maybe eight and 10 that do it each year.


And I think these are gonna be three of the eight. So plus 4 0 3, what do you think of that one? I like that You just need, You Need 16 games outta them, right? If someone plays 15, yeah, even 15. It's A little sketchy. 15. 15 I guess you could do that's 15 is 2600, 2 6 game. Yeah. That's not bad. Yeah, I like that. All right. Okay. And then my second one, we've talked about it a lot. I picked them to make the Super Bowl. They were one of my seven A FC Super Bowl picks in our A FC over under Houston to win the A FC South, which the odds have dropped and is now dead even. It's plus 100 for them to win the A FFC South. The only team I'm afraid of for this a little bit is Jacksonville, but I just, I'm all in on this Houston team.


I think CJ's gonna be really good and I, as I said the other day, I think he's, if he's healthy and he has a good team, I just think he's 11 wins going forward. So the fact that this isn't minus yet, like this is plus 100, but Philly's minus one 40 to win the nfcs just seems like good value. So that's my other one. Okay. I like that. I mean I have Jaguars to win only because I think it's gonna come down to the last week and I'd rather have good odds money, but yeah, good odds. All right, I get two here so let me go come back. Player of the year, Kirk Cousins, it was five to one, you can get it a plus four 30. Now I think I mentioned on the NFC pod, he had 18 touchdowns. He led the league before he got injured. I think he's gonna put up good numbers with that team, right?


Dare I say Kyle Pitts, Drake, London, I think they're gonna be okay this year. And so right there I think we discount, I'd rather not take the Saints or Falcons or anything else to win a division. But I think cousins will put up good numbers. I don't think Rogers will as much and and Burrow, I don't, I don't know, I don't want to count injuries against anybody, but I think cousins four 30 is a a good one. So I didn't have a comeback bet outta my 31 futures really, I have prepared for this draft. And the reason is I really like cousins at plus four 30. But I also was afraid of Rogers. And Rogers was, what was he like plus two 20, plus two 30? Something like that wasn't what, I didn't understand why they weren't the exact same odds because if either of them win the division, they're probably gonna be the favorite to be comeback player of the year.


Right. So I don't know why Rogers would be above cousins. They had the same injury they're playing for these teams that are in like that nine to 10 win range with a chance to win the division. And I thought cousins had the best odds. I just, it didn't make the cup for me. I had a lot of ones I left. Yeah 'cause His team's expected to win the division where the Bengals aren't and the Jets aren't either. So there Were some weird one in the comebacks. They really were throwing in everybody. Oh they're trying to 101. They're putting in, you know people you didn't even know were still in the league. Grady Jarret. What is Grady Jarret? What kind of stats does Grady Jarret have to have to win? CPOY? Yeah. Can you imagine like week nine we're like, I don't know man. Grady Jarret, he looks like he almost has this locked up.


Damn. Why That Tim Patrick I think is on a practice squad. He is 101. That's good stuff. It seems like Ricky Pearsall's gonna be okay. I think he should probably be in there, right? The dig guy. Yeah, you're right. Fucking shot yesterday. Never played. He has played like 40 catches. I think he would have to be one of the favorites. That was scary. That's interesting. We never talked about a rookie to win comeback player of the year. you can win both awards. Unbelievable guy's. Just walking around downtown San Francisco. All right, what's your, what's your other one? All right, for my second here coming around, I'm going Kenneth Walker. Most rushing yards. NFC West. Now this is dependent probably on McCaffrey. Get getting injured, maybe missing a couple games. Maybe they hold them out. Maybe they're going for the one seed, whatever. It's so I need McCaffrey to miss some games.


I need Kieran Williams to be named the punt returner for the Rams, which seems like it already happened. Plus 360 Kenneth Walker right around a thousand, 1100 yards. I have him away too many fantasy leagues, but I'm sticking with this. I think it's a good number. Well, and then James Connor maybe him not going crazy but I, I think it's a really smart one because everyone's going nuts about him. Yeah, he definitely is probably the most hyped, higher end running back in any fantasy league. And then the McCaffrey, who knows hamstrings? I, I like it. Plus three. I'm surprised the odds are that high. I would've thought the odds would've been like in the plus two 50 range. So those are good ones. Yeah. Alright, for my next two I'm gonna go Detroit for both.


I'm try and do themes with my combos. We talked about this a bunch on, on our two-parter Detroit for the one C plus four 80. I just, I just think the value is, especially with San Francisco with some year from hell potential with San Francisco and then the NFC East. I'm not sure which one comes out of there. I don't like anyone in the NFC South. I just think the one seed's coming from the NFC North, whether it's Green Bay or Detroit, and we talked about Detroit with all the indoor games. Detroit loading up, Detroit getting a taste last year, but not getting the Super Bowl hangover. And I just think they're built to beat the shit outta teams this year, which ties into my, so that's plus four 80. And that ties into my second one, which is Aiden Hutchinson for most sacks 11 to one.


Right? So you fi figure if this is, if Detroit's a juggernaut, which I think they're gonna be at least for the regular season. And you're having leads and the other team's throwing a lot and you're putting a lot of pressure on them and the crowd's loud. I like the way he looked last year. And what is mo sax, maybe he, I think he had like 11 or 12 last year. Maybe it's Maybe, you get to 17 this year. Who's he competing against? Parsons Watt Garrett. One of the Bo Garrett Crosby. Garrett, yep. But I, I think he probably needs to get to 17, 18. But on a team that's running it up, I, I could see it. I could see him having like a five sack game against some terrible team where they're just killing them. So 11 to one for Hutchinson.


That was my other one. He's Got a little help this year. I like that. All right, I'll give you one. I think I gave this out when we did the, a ffc. Tyreek killed 13 or more receiving touchdowns plus 360. I, I mentioned it. I don't understand this number. He is hit this two of the last four years. He has 13 and 15 touchdowns. He had like 119 catches the last two years. He had like 34 red zone targets last year, which is insane. You know, he scores five touchdowns, 50 yards or more every season. So I, I'm, I like this right there. As long as he stays healthy. What's the juice on that one? Plus 360 there, plus 360 for 13 or more.


Do you like the odor from this Miami team? I le I'm gonna use odor is gonna be my go-to word this year. Do you like the odor from this team this year? I was, I was reading up on that. The odor Jackson or the owner? The owner like Serena Williams and the o, The O odor, the smell, the vibe, the look, I, I mean they're starting this week one, they have a bunch of injuries and guys questionable already. And I, I don't know, I I know you're trying to bait, you've been baiting JJ on our text chain but he's, he has to defend his team like I do. Yeah, maybe. I dunno If it's a year from hell Team Tyreek will be part of that and it'll be like a pulled hammy or whatever.


But the plus 360, I can't argue with the juice. What's your other one? All right, I'm gonna go another receiver here. cd, lamb Homer call. Probably most receiving yards in the NFC East plus one 15. He Beat AJ Brown who was second by 300 yards last year. Like it wasn't even close. And who are we looking at anyway after that? Neighbors for the Gen? No, come on McClarin. McClarin like those guys aren't gonna get to 14, 1500 yards plus one 15. It's better than picking like a division winner I think in the NFCE. So that's my second one. So are they saying basically it's him versus the two Eagles guys and they feel like that's dead even? 'cause it feels like to me Lamb should be like minus one 50 for that.


Yeah. Right. It will be after this podcast, but yeah, I would jump on That. Well go go to futures Fusion drinks are half price during happy, happy hour. Okay. I'm doing two pats for my next two. You know where I stand on this pat season and you try to talk me out of it. There's been some action on the Bengals Pats line, which we'll talk about when we do Guest Alliance, even though we've already guessed them. First one, the Pats to be the last Winless team is plus 500. And if you look at their schedule and especially the fact that they're gonna play Brit this first four weeks, they're super unhappy with how the offensive line looks and it just feels like they're gonna start in that. Oh and six oh and seven range.


The other teams are Tennessee plus seven 50, who I don't know, I I could see them stealing a game in the first month. Carolina's plus eight 50. They're people think they could just beat New Orleans in week one. Minnesota's plus nine 50 Giants 1101 Broncos, 13 to one. So to get big action on Pats to be less winless when naming Brit was their admission, we're gonna suck this year. We don't even wanna risk our rookie quarterback even though he like Jared May Gerard Mayo's like, yeah, may I played Bette? And then two days later he is like, our starting quarterback is Jacoby Brit. So I, this is a team that doesn't seem like it wants to win plus 500. All right? I mean you, this is the theme, right?


I have to, I have to defend my team to the end and you have to say that yours is gonna be terrible. That's just get, get ready for it people. This is what our year's gonna look like here. Well we are terrible. It's not, it's not like I'm gonna have to go out on a limb. It's gonna be a bad team. The, the only thing I'll say is I think we looked it over in the NFC. So the Giants play the Vikings this week and it's a murderer schedule for Minnesota. If they lose this, not great for the Giants either. And I think you can get, yeah nine 50 and 11 to one for both of those two. But I mean, yeah, Patriots will be right in there. Yeah, Minnesota was another one I was looking at. 'cause it already seems like, you know, things are moving against them. They've had some injuries, they have, I don't know what happens with Addison.


Like Goodell just decides after week two he's now on that you cannot play any more lists. But they go Giants. San Fran Houston at Green Bay Jets. Yeah, real by Detroit and then at Rams week eight. I was looking at them too, but it's Insanity. Yeah. But yeah, they're, well we'll talk about them in the Giants, but it does feel like whoever wins that game the loser is probably the Pats competition for that bet. Alright, sticking with the Pats for the second one. Pat's under four and a half and then Seattle over eight and a half wins. I really like the Seattle team and I think they're, I, they might be coming up later with a couple more bets for me, but I like everything I'm reading, everything I'm hearing.


I like their roster. I like that they actually have a home field advantage or on paper they at least do. I like the first game week one starting out. They're gonna be favored. They should take care of business and I just think they're a nine or a 10 win team. So that plus Pats under four and a half is three to one plus 300. And instead of Benning Seattle, I would just rather throw the pats in there. 'cause the Pats aren't going five and 12. So that's best Simple one. Not bad. Not bad. Is this on the Futures Fusion or the Guest aligns with Bill and Sal sec. Section of FanDuel. I It's on one. It might even be both. It might both. Ball Ball Are open. Yeah. Is our kids are gonna get kicked out. Futures Fusion for showing fake id.


Aren't they our College kids? Yeah. So we just got a fake idea to get into Futures Fusion I think is what's happening. It's not Gonna work So. it doesn't work. Alright, we get, we get minus Oh go ahead. Yeah. Wait, we we're taking a break. We did. Oh we did a lot of things. We'll come back, we'll finish the futures draft then we'll do Guest lines,


Football's back and there's no better place to get in on the NFL action than FanDuel America's number one sports book. Right now all customers can bet $5. Get a three week free trial of NFL Sunday ticket from YouTube and YouTube tv. You'll be able to watch every regular season Sunday afternoon at a market game. And with FanDuel you don't even have to leave the app. To access realtime stats and data to help you make even more winning bets, just visit FanDuel dot com slash bs to download America's number one sports book. You must be 21 plus 18 plus in DC President Select states offer ends 9 22 24. After three week free trial, the full price of NFL Sunday Ticket will be automatically charged seasonally. Cancel anytime, no refunds, terms restrictions and embargoes apply. YouTube TV base plan require to watch YouTube TV redemption requires a Google account and current form of payment gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or visit rg help com.


This episode is brought to you by our good friends at NFL Sunday Ticket on YouTube tv. I'm sure by now you've all gotten back into your Sunday routines, but they could be even better with NFL Sunday Ticket and YouTube tv. You get the most live NFL games all in one place, every game, every Sunday. And you can even watch up to four different games at once. With multiview, one of my favorite inventions of this decade. It's exactly what you need to catch all the action, make your Sundays more magical. And also YouTube TV is great. I got it this year. It's awesome. Sign up now at youtube.com/bs device and content restrictions. Apply local and national games on YouTube, tv, NFL Sunday ticket for out of market games. Excludes digital only games.


Alright, we're gonna continue the future's draft. I think it's going pretty well. Got two in a row, let's go. Yeah, we Any money? Yeah, you have less any money. Yeah, we're just throwing, throwing fake money around left and right. What do you got next? I can't believe you don't like this or haven't picked this and because you're, you're Antipas and Pro Lions. Guest Lions with Bill Sal. Our very own section as Lion's. Best record. Patriot's Worst record. 36 to one. I'm going for it. Taking a stab here. And at $50,000 I think that pays, I Dunno 36 billion, I dunno some something somewhere in there. I had it, I had it later. I liked those other two and I already did the Lion's for something. But yeah, I, I gotta be honest, I don't know why that's so high.


36 to one. It's very high where it's like on the one hand the Alliance team that I think the Chiefs is the only real competition for that one seat if you really believe in the alliance and then the Pats. So I think it's, they're one of the three worst teams. No question. I thought that would be like 12 to one. So great odds. Well there's about three teams in contention on, on both sides. And I'm also sticking with the Guest lines with Bill Sal section. At least three of Falcons, Texans, chiefs and Jets to make the playoffs. This is a heavy vi I'm not doing anyone any favors at minus one 60, but you could get all four. There's a way to get all four for sure. Falcons, So, it, Texans Chiefs and Jets.


Three of them are favorite to win their divisions. Yeah. So I'm trying to think, what is the juice on that? Minus one 60. So I apologize. No, I like that. Yeah, so KC locked them in Atlanta is a little dangerous and then they're, they're basically banking that maybe Houston and Jacksonville don't make it. So Yeah, that's fair Ops. I like it. I mean it's to Make the playoffs, it's not even to win the division. So Atlanta, I don't, you know, I, I like your thing where they all go under but could they get a wild card I guess, you know. Well I should add that I have all four of those teams to make the playoffs. Yeah. And in fact my next pick is the Jacksonville Jaguars.


Mm. So this is an adjusted alt win total. 'cause they're all total is eight and a half, which you and I both went over, we had a lot of acrimony in our A FC over unders, but then we actually, we bonded over the Jaguars. We both like them a lot. They're over nine and a half wins. And again, credit to Raheem 'cause he's been all over the alt win. Yep. From the get go. Like if you like somebody, you're better off really liking them and getting better juice. So Jags over nine and a half wins is plus 1 76 and I gotta do 10 and seven and I hit that and I think they can go 10 and seven and I actually think they, they will unless somebody gets injured. So good. I love that one stand in the A FC South Stroud most passing yards plus 700.


Hmm. And I think his competition's probably Dak, right? Dak if he plays all 17 and they're gonna throw the ball a lot, especially with no running backs I think would be the other one to look at. But I just think, I think RA's gonna wing the ball around and you know, they got mixing and Pierce and Acres are running back. Like they, it's not like they're gonna be rushing for 3000 yards. I think they're gonna wanna throw the ball and move it and make big plays and strike big and Don't have to worry about weather. He is probably just gonna get better. I like that. Yeah. And seven to one. I I like the ats. All right, you're up. All right, I'm gonna go in under quarterback Sam Donald under 34, 75 and a half.


So he's gotta start these games now for the Vikings with McCarthy out it's minus one 12. I think he could get yanked, they could do something weird in there. Right. And you see the Vikings, what they do last year. Who'd they have in there? What they we we loved them for a month and then like he was Josh Dobbs, Josh Jar, Josh Jaren Hall got a cup of coffee in there and there's somebody else. Terrible. And Kirk Cousins. There's a Josh Dobbs, there's a Jaren Hall one there, there's, yeah, there's, there's, there's plenty of those. I don't know if he makes it to the finish line. He might not get to 3,500 even if he plays all 17 games. So Sam Donald under 34, 75 and a half, he'll maybe have a couple good weeks to start and get everyone excited. But that'll Be that. I really like that one. That's a great one.


Yeah. Congratulations. The great value here. Well just look at those unders for, you know, you don't have to go brag about it when they, these guys get injured or whatever. But lot of good unders for guys who might get yanked or injured in that quarterback spot. I love this one. FanDuel has assistant coach of the year Ben Johnson, offensive coordinator for Lions. We love the Lions. This guy's coming second or third in this voting for the last two years. you can get him at nine to one if you think the lions are gonna be explosive as as I do. And I think you do. It's gotta be his year at some point he gets votes. He got like 65 votes last year. So where Guy Is this like a, is this bed in a speakeasy in the futures future basement where?


I didn't even know where to find this. What is it under? It's on check it out. Yeah, it's right there on the, oh my gosh. For the Patriots. What was that Van Pelt or something for? He was like two 50 to one When you sent that to me. I thought you were kidding. I didn't realize that was an actual word that people PP Shopper here. Yeah. Oh my god. Alright so those are my two. What I'm probably, I probably have the wrong state downloaded. So Ben Johnson's nine to one. Who's this competition then? Nine to One. Some, some awesome defensive coordinator. The problem is it's been defensive coordinators the last Yeah. Few years. So he's gotta, he's gotta get over that for sure. But I gotta figure, I don't have it up here but let's see real quick.


Wait, wait real quick. Bobby. Bobby Slo for the Texans is nine to one B for them. Yeah, Drew Petz for the Cardinal. They guy, a guy named Drew Petz is gonna win. I'm sorry but go ahead. Great stuff. Okay, my next two both overs fun to have the overs. I don't wanna get too negative as they dive into the season, like having some teams to root for. We talked about both of these teams when we did our pod. The chargers over eight and a half. I'm all in on Harbaugh and it's gonna come down that week one they're playing the Raiders and you like the Raiders. I like the Chargers and I think if they can win that one, they're off. And then Green Bay over eight and a half, so they're over is nine and a half.


But this is an over eight and a half. So both teams to win nine games, chargers, Packers three to one plus 300. Put that Together. Sorry. Yeah sounds great. 'cause I'm not worried about the Packers. For the Packers to lose that they'd have to have a losing record. They have way too much sound to have a losing record. So basically you're betting on the Chargers over anyway but you get to throw the Packers in there at a nice price. That's one. Well they don't even need, they don't even need to make the playoffs right? Right. you can go nine and eight, you're good. Alright, I like that. I'm going against the NFC South again, this is, I'm planning my flag and the NFC South sucks island NFC East more wins than the NFC South minus 1 75.


I think this is my only minus. Where is that future? It's in, they have a bunch of, they put that in Futures fusion. Oh my God. You just Gotta ask where the tequila is. What a bounty. This this is top shelf. This must be top shelf futures fusion. Yeah, so I was, I was going through it and let's say the Giants and the Panthers. Let's just, let's just cancel 'em out. Let's say they win the exact same amount of games. That's fair. I think Washington is better than anyone who doesn't win the division in the NFC South. And now I have the Eagles and Cowboys against the top two in the NFC South and I'm just, I'm winning with those. I'm getting 2020 plus wins out of the Eagles Cowboys. I'm not getting 20 plus wins outta any two NFC south teams.


So minus 1 75. 1 75. So the NFC NFC East over unders are probably 20, They're probably like 33 Or so, right? Yeah, Yeah, it's good. Somewhere in there. Alright, I like that. Yeah, that's good. Is that Your second pick or first? That's my second. Listen the Rams, I dunno how they do it, but Sean McVeigh gets, I dunno if it gets lucky or that it's a great gm but there's always somebody, whether it's a third round pick or first round pick jumps out. Karen Williams with his in his second year and we saw Cooper Cup as a third round pick and just these guys and of course pka Nacua set the record Jared versus the guy this year, the defensive end for Florida State. He's gonna win defensive rookie of the year at 10 to one and everyone's gonna like the next Aaron Donald and everything, even though they don't really play the same position.


10 to one for Jared verse. I Like it. So who who could beat him then? Well, I, I have one, I have a different rookie of the year pick. So do I. Yeah, I have a zag on that one, but I like, I like the odds on that We could save for that. And I'll just go, because you're going Chargers at exactly the same amount. I'm going Raiders over eight and a half, except I get a plus two 40 Minsu O'Connell. I think they'll figure it out. I know you hate this one, but I have to take a shot on one of them Raiders over eight and a half plus two 40. So that's an adjusted right. Okay, Thank you. Raheem. I don't understand the Raiders case at all. I don't get it. And I heard Raheem on East Coast bias shitting on the Steelers as having a good defense, but he doesn't understand their offensive line and how they're gonna score points and, and this is the Mike Toma doesn't have it and then 20 minutes later he's like the Raiders, I know they're gonna struggle on offense, but I like their defense and I'm like, the Raiders are the discount Steelers.


There's no way. How could the, you can't make the case for one and not the other. So I dunno. I Agree. The problem is I got mad ATRA as I was, I'm walking along LA I am like, god dammit, Raheem, Don't get mad at Raheem. Don't get mad at Reem. But the, if you have to pick three teams to replace last year's playoff teams, you're gonna have to have like a six and a half win projected in there right. Somewhere. So it's Hard that, that's where I'm going. Okay. You get to, Well on that note, I think there's gonna be three NFC West playoff teams. Hmm. And you can bet on that, on FanDuel Sportsbook and it's plus five 50 and I would assume it's gonna be San Francisco Seattle on the Rams.


I'm not gonna completely rule out the Cardinals, especially with that, that weak one in Buffalo looks a little upset ish. But I just don't like the NFC and you know, if you got Green Bay and Detroit and you got one NFC South team, that's it. That's only three teams. Yeah. And then if it's Dallas versus Philly for one spot in the NFC East, and then I got my three NFC West teams, that's, that's my path. So plus five 50. I like the odds. I don't mind that. And I feel like you could hedge that week 17, you could probably week 18 you could, you can get one game probably. It'll come Down. I can't wait to unsuccessfully hedge it where I have three options and I'll somehow pick the wrong one. Then the other one I just, I I don't understand the odds, especially when we're all in all these fantasy drafts and he's been the first running back, taken in all of them and yet Breeze Hall to win the rushing title as plus nine 50.


Hmm. And I don't understand why the odds aren't better because if you told me pick somebody to win the rushing title just with no odds, just who do you think is gonna win the rushing title? I would pick Bruce Hall. Yeah. So plus nine 50 sounds fantastic. Sign me Up. Not bad. Talk about a category where only like three guys can win. If you've done any drafts this year, you, you know that that's, that's the case. Three might be too many, but yeah, I like plus nine 50. Do you do, why do you think it's that high? I don't know. I have no idea. I think they're laughing at us. Like you try to figure out which running back's good now we're gonna have some guy you've never even heard of like a Jalen Wright or something.


And then now That, so the odds are McCaffery plus six 50, Bijon 7 0 1, who by the way has all Jira on his team, who's gonna still get a lot of Cal caries Taylor eight to one Bri 9 0 1 Barkley 10 to one Derrick Henry 11 to one. I I feel like I'm, that, that's like my crazy I guess because McCaffrey McCaffrey's like the bell count, right. So it's just tough to, to overcome that. But yeah, it around once he's outta the way. Alright, You're up For two. Good. Listen, lemme just go with Jayden Daniels, I think I I said it on the NFC podcast, offensive Rookie of the Year. Take all his overs. I gave you Stroud last year for Roy. It's gonna be Jaden Daniels, he's gonna be dynamite, lots of fun to watch. And by week six he Didn't give the odds.


The the odds are Incredible. Six to one. Oh, they're six to one, right? Still. Yeah, yeah, yeah. So Caleb is like plus one 30 range. Right. And Daniels is six to one and I don't understand they're both, they're both gonna have the ball a ton. They're both gonna run around. Daniels has higher scramble potential. Yeah. And both teams are gonna score points. Washington has a bad defense, so they're gonna be getting the ball back six to one. I it hasn't moved either. It hasn't moved for three weeks and I don't really fully understand it. He's Gonna be dynamite to watch. I just, yeah, I'm excited for him. I I just get that and then I'll, I'll just throw this in there. No one's gonna like this Super Bowl winner and MVP, Detroit and Dak 200 to one put me down for 50 grand.


Go ahead. Your turn. You know I saw all those bets and I have one coming later that's 200 to one, huh? Yep. Yeah, those are fun. So basically that they don't even have to correlate like that could win the MVP and, and it doesn't mess up the other One. Chiefs, chiefs and Lamar Jackson. Right. Yeah. I mean it didn't matter. Yeah. All right, we can start going fast. So I got Denver over five and a half wins that I'm also gonna put with New England under four and a half. And that's plus two 70. I, there's been a lot of buzz on that, that Broncos line being like a win too low and I think we're all staring at it. I, I just don't see Sean Peyton going less than seven and 10.


Like he went eight and nine last year and we watched all those games. I have no idea how that team went. Eight and nine, there's gonna be four games where he just out coaches somebody so over for that with the Pats, that's plus two 70. And then we haven't mentioned him yet. Marvin Harrison, the rookie receiving yard title, which I guess he's competing its Neighbors and Michael Thomas and a DUNAY plus one 50. Why is that a plus in front of that? Like Marvin Harrison's winning the Rookie Yards title, he doesn't get hurt. So plus one 50 sign me up. Sounds great. Everybody loves that. I took Keon Coleman at much higher odds because I just, these Bills receivers are going down and if Josh, Josh Allen's gonna have the year that I think he's gonna have, he's gotta gotta get it to someone.


So, but yeah, that's probably the smart one. Okay, what do you got? All right. Lemme see what's left here. Okay, I'll go. Am I gonna have more futures left than you? I, no, No, I just, it Just like tapping out we're, it's like we're at chow. I'm trying to get you to tap out. I just Have the, a lot of the same stuff but Ravens to score a touchdown every game. I gave it out on the, our a FFC five. It's fine, you can redo this. It's happened, it's happened once in 93 games where they didn't score a touchdown. 1 93 games. You have to go back to 2017. December 22 against the Browns. It's such a fluky thing. So much talent. Maybe there's bad luck in a rainy December game, but put me up for that one. And what's the, What are the odds on that One?


I'm sorry, that's keep The odds. I Go minus one 15 minus one 15. So throw that In there. Wow, that's nice. Action. Okay, so that's one of those where you're watching it and it's like week 11. Yeah. And they're playing Cleveland and there's a fourth fourth down in goal goal line stand. Right. There's a pick in the end zone. They're inside the ten three times they don't score, they settle for field goals and you're like, Oh my god. Right. This is how I'm gonna lose this. I put a lot on it because, because I have a problem but also because I wanna be able to keep track of it. I don't want some loser on Twitter to remind me, oh what happened to your Raiders and not score. I'm like, oh fuck what ha Oh shit, I forgot I had that.


So yeah, I'm gonna be fully invested in that Great one. I think I we, we have some co Well you don't like the Cowboys over Cowboys over. This is a Bill Sal thing right there on FanDuel over nine and a half. Jaguar's over eight and a half plus two 30. That's the Bill s combo. So, alright, so you like the Cowboys we're in. Alright, two to you or two to Luke. I feel like you're gonna tap out soon. This is, we shoulda have called this the Fogo Tohow draft. I'm still on green buddy. Green Disco. What was the time we went to Fogo with Brad. I went a few weeks ago and he wouldn't turn the, well one time I was with you, you've taken a bunch of times our crazy friend Brad, where he wouldn't turn the card over and then he just started moaning and he left and he went to the bathroom and wasn't seen for 25 minutes.


And yeah it was a biohazard. He sprinted to the bathroom. We went a few weeks ago, I had him at my house and he said he went to the bathroom and I was like, the kids have to, I, I sent one of the kids to check on him because that's what you gotta do. And he said some guy was yelling at him in the bathroom. He's like, dude, what's going on? Are you all right? Because he was doing just that. Yeah, he was moaning too much. Don't moan too much in the stall. It's gonna, you're gonna draw attention to Yourself. Yeah, advice. Yeah. Don't moan in a public restaurant, moaning is usually, there's no good scenario either. Either it's a biohazard or somebody sat with sex maybe with themselves. Yeah. Will you tell the other Brad story since he just stayed with you? Brad came over and he said he's, he's on this some kind of, I don't know if it's medication or what, but he said his dreams are just wild now.


He's like, you wouldn't believe the adventures I'm going on. Ran Randy just at the beach or whatever. I'm in a car, I'm flying off a cliff, it's, it's madness. I was like, oh well you gotta maybe change your medication. Like, no, no I like it. Like really? And he's like, you know what helps it along Cotton candy. But it is only, it's only a specific kind of cotton candy. So we had to after dinner go to CVS to get this cotton candy gets three buckets full. They luckily had it and then he just loads up on cotton candy and goes to sleep and like just has night terrors like all through the night. It's spectacular. And your kids could hear him just screaming and yelling. Yeah, it's like fireworks but at like three in the morning and you don't know when it's gonna stop. But the wife wasn't as big a fan.


I was entertained and, and so were the boys. So there you go. Kanye, You should mention Brad's in his mid fifties. Yes he is. Yeah. Well early mid fifties. Yeah we, we should Hope he gets the mid fifties physically. He's in his mid fifties. Right. I wouldn't count him in any of these Futures. That's two quick ones for me. Seahawks playoffs is plus 1 68 and I like it more than they're over because if you're betting they're over nine wins might make the playoffs in the NFC anyway and I get a lot more juice in that playoffs. So plus 1 68 like that. And then I mentioned the Lawrence 4,000 yards bet before.


you can just bet that straight up it's plus one 50. Yeah and that's just a I, he has to get hurt for him not to hit that. And I don't know why those odds aren't lower. So I got those two back to you in the Foggo draft. Who's tapping out? All right. Not yet. Three A three A F CES playoff teams. It's six to one. If anybody wants to shut me up about Aaron Rogers and the Jets, it's right there for you because you know Us realistically Six to one plus 600. So FanDuel has them right around 10 wins anyway so we'll we'll check that box and let give this it's, you mentioned Six to one seems high like we, we did that wins pool draft that we, we finally brought back and Right, all three of those teams were like in the first 12 pits they disappeared.


Well what'd you get for NFC West? What were the odds For those? Around the same. Yeah it was five 50. Okay, alright. I like but the NF C's weaker than the NFC. Right. Right. It's probably better be. And you mentioned Trevor Lawrence five or more touchdowns plus four 20. He had five in 2022, he had four last year and he sat out a game and a half. He averages about 70 carries a year year. He takes it the goal line every now and again. So if you get five or more touchdowns adjusted plus four 20 for Trevor Lawrence, Jesus Should be cool. That seems really high. Yeah. Plus four 20. Okay. I really like this one. I can't believe it's still on the board.


You had him earlier as the under, which I think was a smart bet. Sam darn for passing arts. Yeah. I present to you the alternate scenario. What if Sam darn plays all 17 games? Mm. Is there a better bet on most interceptions because his odds are 10 to one. Ooh on FanDuel and I was looking at it, I was studying the interceptions from the last few years that somewhere between like 15 and 19 is the range. But you figure with them like they're playing Detroit twice, they're playing Green Bay twice. Like Chicago's got a good secondary couple outdoor games. If he put and ju him trying to squeeze it in adjuster Jefferson 10 to one seemed pretty tasty.


He has the track record too of bad decisions. I like that. All right. So maybe we bet both, maybe we bet like That's it's almost like a hedge against your other one. Yeah, but we're getting massive juice on both. Yeah. Yeah. Like a million on the under you passing yards and 300 grand on 10 to one for most interceptions. One of them's gotta hit. I like that. And then we've mentioned them a couple times but, and this is the sucker bed of the year. I know everybody's taking it. I can't believe I can still get it at 10 to one, but Jim Harbaugh to be coach of the years 10 to one, all you have to do is read any of the articles anyone is writing about the Chargers the last two months and the interviews with the players and how they, they're just like talking about how the culture's changed.


There's accountability now. It's like every code word that I'm all in on in the preseason. So you figure with basically no receivers you'd want in a fantasy draft other than Josh Palmer with Baltimore's cast off running backs with Herbert on a bad foot. Although it seems like he's okay. And then this defense that they're trying to rejuvenate and no Home field advantage. They're playing the Raiders at week one at home and there's be more Raider fans there. Right. And him going nine and eight, 10 and seven I, Mike McDonald would be the other one I was worried about. But 10 to one. I love those odds. So there you go. Here's the only thing I thought these guys are all around the same odds. If April Flu Harbaugh and Raheem Morris all win 10 games, who gets it right?


Probably Harbaugh. 'cause they were five wins last year. Right? Alright. And then the NCAA takes it from him or he gets to keep it? I don't, I'm not sure. Alright, lemme give a couple more here more. Oh I thought, I thought you would turn the card over at This point. No, no I can't. I mean I could always keep going. Tyreek Hill plus seven 50 offensive player of the year we're always around week 14. If he started, if he's still healthy, like well why, why are Tyreek Hill and McCaffrey not in the conversation for MVP? It's like, well because you know, non quarterbacks don't get MVP, they just don't. So I think if it's Hill or McCaffrey, I know you have just Jefferson back this year, but we don't love Sam who's throwing him the ball. So I really think it's between those two every year.


So gimme Hill plus seven 50. I Like it. Smart Offense player of the year. He just got voted best player in the league by his peers. So he did right. Since plus seven 50. Seems fair Odds. Yeah. Oh I might be out. You're right. I might be out. You're tapping out. Wait a minute, wait a minute. Oh this is great. Yeah. Oh crap. Oh crap. Eagles no playoffs. Plus 2 25. That's just a fun, you're scrambling now. Now you're running off to the bathroom with Brad. You Gotta lose to Brazil. Yep, in Brazil. What? What are the ads on that. Plus 2 25. All right. Go Ahead. You, you win. I'll, I'll tap for now. I win. I'm so excited, man. I had a couple more that I really liked.


Go ahead. Well, you go, you, I mean, you can finish. Well, I'll do two more and then I'll do my runners up. Yeah. I had Murphy for defensive player of the year. Rookie Hmm? At 1101 Beast. The the Seattle Beast in the middle. Yeah. Have not, not read one thing about him that didn't seem like he was gonna be awesome. Plus, you know how much I love the, I felt a 16 and I can remember the eight guys who got taken in front of me. Like he's one of those guys, potentially. Good defense. Good coach. So I'm in on him. Okay. And then my last one, oh, this is a fun one. I have some other ones I like. But we can end on this one because you did this version of this CJ Stroud to win the MVP and Detroit to win the Super Bowl 110 to one.


Yeah. So the Detroit part, we've already discussed that a million times. CJ Stroud to win MVP, I think they'd have to be a one or a two seed. They'd have to win 11 or 12 games. I think he would have to throw for over 4,500 yards and have like 33 tds five picks. There's a case he was top five last year. Yep. So I, I just thought those odd were fantastic. So Those are my two. You know what I'm gonna do? I I'm gonna do, why, why don't we do it this way? Because those odds are ridiculous. You get over a hundred to one odds on any of these. Yeah. If we pick four teams and four players and just mix, match them, I think we're in it, we're in it the last couple weeks of the season.


For Sure. Yeah. if you, if you like Detroit to win the Super Bowl, you might as well do four of the MVP odds with them and try to, because you, there's only four guys who have a chance to win the MVP probably, unless Josh Allen is awesome. Right. All right. We did the ones I left on the table. Best record. Detroit was 10 to one. Detroit over Houston in the Super Bowl. It has to be exact. That was 90 to one. That's my Super Bowl. Pick the Detroit and Kansas City to be the one seeds. 26 to one. Wow. Wow. Wait, you wanna take that one for the last pick? Yeah. Yeah, go ahead. All right. That's good. I'm gonna give that one to you. 26 to one. Who else would you take to be the one seed In the A FC?


No, just in general. if you were like, Hey, you to bet your life, there will be two one seeds. Who are you betting your life on? I would bet on Detroit and kc. Yeah. 26 to one I think would be, That would be it. I mean, I like Buffalo a little more than kc, but I almost, I just think they're gonna beat them in the playoffs. But TJ Watt defense support of the years plus 700, if you're using that Miles Garrett on Cleveland being, being on an awesome defense where you're the best guy. Sometimes that propels it up if Pittsburgh's D's really good. So Stay healthy. Yep. Obviously. And then a couple, two Niners. If, if Niner season from hell is in play, Niners under nine and a half wins is plus two 60. And you could also go Seattle Rams, San Francisco, Arizona.


1, 2, 3, 4. Exact 20 to one Seattle Rams. So you're saying San f Francisco's gonna have a super disappointing year and barely get into the playoffs at nine, nine and eight, something like that. And fall behind the Rams and the and Seattle ones. The Division 20 to one. I thought those, that Is what I do. I do have a, I do have them second in that division, but that's not bad. That's not bad. I I love them under 11 and a half too. So, Well that was it. The first annual NFL futures draft presented by Futures Fusion and Fogo de Chow, who didn't even know they were gonna be involved in the podcast. We went, they had no idea What a win for them. They're like, this is great. You know what they, thanks for the marketing.


They need a win after Brad's visits. So I think, Right. We, we feel like we owed Fogo to shower after what happened. Exactly. We're even now Fogo. All right, we'll take a break and do Guess. the Lines.


This episode is brought to you by Michelob ULTRA. Michelob ULTRA good for many things. Camping barbecues cheering on your favorite team. Hanging out on a nice summer night, which I just did actually on Friday night. Just sitting outside just having a beer And. guess what? Michelob. ULTRA because they sent me a bunch of Michelob ULTRA and it's really good And. there were only a couple left and I was mad. 'cause every time we put it in the fridge, somebody drinks it, but it was delicious. Be sure to stock up for the summer. Enjoy Michelob ULTRA Superior Light Beer. Order a pack of Michelob ULTRA today. Have it delivered through doordash.com. LDA 21 and up.


This episode is brought to you by PNC Bank. Unlike this podcast, some things in life should be boring, like banking. 'cause boring is pragmatic and responsible. Levelheaded wise, all the things you want your bank to be, you don't want your bank to be exciting. Exciting is for three point buzzer beaters, not banks. That's why PNC Bank strives to be boring with your money. Because when your money is doing what you need it to, you can do all the un boring things you wanna do with it. PNC Bank, brilliantly boring since 1865. Brilliantly boring since 1865 is the service mark of the PNC Financial Services Group, Inc. PNC Bank National Association member FDIC.


Today's Guest Alliance is brought to you by Workday. Get the whole band together with Workday and pair finance and HR on one platform for an epic performance with Workday ai. At the core, you'll make confident decisions faster than ever and you'll drive flawless business and finance operations with an agile platform. Agile. Agile, I say agile. Agile platform that constantly evolves To future proof your organization. Be a finance and HR rockstar with Workday. Visit Workday dot com to learn more.


Alright, it's time Guess. the Lines Week one, 2024. And because gambling lines are so omni, the present, and I don't know how I do it, but I I I genuinely avoid them all through the summer. And then once we got to like, about eight, nine days ago, I was like, I, not only do I wanna see the lines 'cause I, I wanna bet a couple things early, but I know I'm gonna end up seeing them. So I sent you a bunch of guesses. Sot tell, tell Us specifically why you had to see 'em. Because you're like, I gotta bet against, I gotta bet against the Patriots that Bengals teaser isn't gonna be there much longer. I wanted to put the pats in the tease. The preseason made me so bad.


I'm just, I'm betting against them in week one. And by the way, I feel no guilt about it. I want the Pats to be bad this year anyway, every year since 2007. So this is our 18th year together. We've been guessing the lines. This started in, well you started even earlier than me. What was it with with Darren? I think with the par with the Parlay kid. Yeah. We used to do it in Col. He used to hide in the closet. So his girlfriend now wife didn't hear him talking gambling. But yeah. So now here we are, 18 years. Yeah. So when I moved to LA and I moved to LA in 2002, we had desks next to each other in the Jimmy Kimmel live offices, which are still there. And then week one we got the USA, today's out, we did Guest Alliance and then I left the show and we would just do it on the phone.


Right. And I think I, I have in a column from somewhere, I was like, this would be the greatest radio show. Me and Sal guessing the lines I sound like of insane. But when I got the podcast in 2007, that fall, we immediately started with Guest Alliance. Yeah, You said greatest radio show. I was like, no, no podcast. You are like, what is that? That I'm like, po What? Yeah. And then I explained to you, I was like, look, it's gonna turn out good for you. So yeah. All right. So it's, this is, this podcast has a lot of history. We've done it all over the place. It was the podcast that got me suspended from ESPN for three weeks, which I'm still mad about. 10 year anniversary coming up. Anyway, we Guess the Lines. I usually win. I don't know. Remember the last time you've won?


I don't know. I, you know, this is, I, I I Winning. It's not about Winning. I haven't been you in a while. I don't think so. Yeah. And I feel like I'm ready though. I I bet I lost a lot on college football yesterday. Screw you Texas saying Oh, congrats. Yeah, so it's like when you overeat appetizers and I, yeah, you still have like a strip steak coming. It's like, all right, I'll put it away, but let's do it. Thursday night, opening night in Kansas City. The Kansas City Chiefs are playing the Baltimore Ravens and I guessed minus four for this game. And what did you have? I had minus four as well. And it's minus three. So we tie, should we stop now?


We just tied. Well, so, so what are the reasons, why do you think this dropped What you think Happened this Thursday game was almost always an automatic four for the favorite for the incumbent, you know, and now it's like your team kind of ruined it. You beat the Chiefs on the road, or, or the Chiefs beat you on the road, right? Yeah. Patriots was a Thursday night game years ago. Last year it was three and a half against the Lions and they lost the Chiefs. So it's obviously not the end of the world, but I don't know why there would be a lot of Ravens backers here. Exactly. The last four years, they, they kind of started messing around with it in the late 2000 tens. And then this decade they've gone back to having the Super Bowl champ post the first game Detroit beat KC by one last year.


Buffalo killed the Rams. 31 to 10, the Bucks beat Dallas by two, but did not cover. And that was a really fun game. And then KC in 2021 beat Houston 34 20. They're the only team that's covered in the last four years. Right. So this used to be an automatic, something shifted. I guess the question for me is Ravens revenge game or Uhoh, should we be worried about the Ravens game? 'cause it feels like it's gone one way or the other. Yeah, well that's my one only thing with the chiefs over wins and one seed, like they, they now know they can win on the road.


They now know they don't have to win the first game. They could be like, you know, 11 and six after. So nothing really bothers them. But you're right, this is a, a test for the Ravens. If they get beat up here, you, you think, wow, that's a tough a FC north they have to go through after this. Do you think this is the last chance this week to grab Mahomes Futures almost like when, you know, like whatever that Amazon Day is, or when you go on some website, it's like 50% off next two days, and then everything goes back to full price and you go back there, you go in a store and it's like, oh fuck, I should have gotten that shirt because the, all the Mahomes, the MVP, anything involving him is the best price you're ever gonna get right now.


Yeah. And he gets, he has a billion primetime games. I think we said they play every day. This every day of the week, except Wednesday this year. So yeah, you're right. His visibility is higher than anybody else's. So what is it still plus four 50 usually gets six to one for Mvp. Yeah. You've, you've said this every year that just bet Mahomes for MVP just every three years basically like mutual fund. Yeah, that's right. Yeah. It'll work Friday night. We're going to Brazil. Wow. There's some weird internet rumors about this game over the weekend that it might be canceled 'cause of the smog that then turned out to be misinformation. Go figure. Oh, Really? But, but we have the Eagles and the Packers on a Friday night in Brazil.


The NFL has crossed a line that I, they always said they would never cross. We never wanna go against high school football. Right. Friday night is sacred, we're never gonna do it. And Goodell's imperialism, he is like f this. We waited around you high school kid, you can play, you can play Wednesday if you Want. Yeah. Sorry guys. Yeah, he's basically Goodell is Ted Dii now, Right? He's like, everyone's got a price Friday night, Eight O'clock in Brazil said, cut me a check. Right. Like do you think the NFL will play a game in Abu Dhabi in the next three years? Because that would be, yes. Maybe not three, but yeah. Yeah. I'm sure they'd, they'd have to figure it out.


That's Because I heard, because I heard the team USA played two games over there and got like 40 million for the really team USA program. Those two basketball games they played the boxing's going over there all the time. UFC, like anywhere for in Saudi Arabia. And I just, at some point, Goodell's not gonna be able to turn it down. Yeah. There's no way. Well I, and you know, so the Europe thing, we know for sure they're trying to get a team in there, right? Probably. Yeah. Like a little four team. Yeah. Division like that or something. Yeah, something's Going on. Are they doing that with South America too? Are we gonna, is that the, because then I would think Abu Dhabi might just be a waste, but Well, I'm just, it should be a straight paycheck. They're just one game. They're like, here's $300 million for one game.


Yeah. Anyway, Eagles Packers and my pick was Eagles minus one and a half over the Packers. What'd You have? I went slightly higher. I said two and it's two and a half. Ah. So you hit that one. Okay, listen, I always win the first week and it doesn't matter, but I want big dom, I dunno if Big Dom's ready for the handle. The Hooliganism in Brazil, the Eagles, remember the security guy, he's back ain't got like a, He's back slap a Got like promoted or something, Got a slap on the swollen wrist in his Back. It's like assistant GM or something crazy. Now I thought the more I stared at this game, and the only reason I could see the Eagles being minus two and a half was they're pretty good in, they're six and oh, in their last two Septembers, green Bay's got banged up running backs.


People are worried about. Other than that, I, I, I have these two teams even in my head, and I don't know why this isn't a pick 'em, and I know I'm gonna end up talking myself in the Packers. I think there's some t stuff with them maybe bringing them back to plus eight and a half. But this would violate my rule I told you I was gonna do five days ago is right. Don't bet on any of these fucking games. I read this story about AJ Brown was saying like, I'm just not leaving my hotel room. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I'm not leaving the entire time. We're there. Like, weird shit happens when you go to these countries. So I don't, I don't, these are hard to bet on. This is A bad deal for Philly. Especially if they lose, obviously, but they, I don't know. You wanna give up one of your home games and go to Brazil against a good team to start off? It's right. It's, it's, I mentioned Texas a and m, but it's like, hey, watch what everybody's doing.


There are 40 point favorites. All these college powerhouses just don't play anyone good the first couple of weeks. Right. But don't play in Brazil. Our Sunday marquee game. Oh by the way, Brazil banned Twitter. Right? That was Another, so anyone who covers this game won't be able to tweet. So I don't know how we're all gonna survive without, without, How are we gonna find out what happens? I mean, there's no way now I'm gonna have to actually watch the game instead of Twitter. Sunday Marques game could have gone in a lot of directions. But you know, it's your team Tom Brady's announcing for the first time ever Right's Deshaun Watson against Dak. There's injured guys on both sides. Cleveland's not gonna have Nick Chubb, they're not gonna have a left tackle.


They might have more offensive line injuries. You don't have bland. Cleveland's d was really good at home last year. 13.9 points per game at home. 29.6 in the road. Your team has a big bullseye on it. Everyone's talking always. Yep. And I think it's the marquee game. Right? That's fine. I'll take that. Are Some others I'm interested in. But yeah, In Cleveland Browns cowboys and I have the Cowboys favored by one and a half over the Browns. Well, I hit this exactly. You forgot to implement the Cowboys tax. You'll remember, you'll remember it's two and a half and I, I said two and a half.


But you just gotta think the big money isn't coming in on the Browns just yet. Even at home. I think that's fair. Two and a half. Although I could see Cleveland stealing this too. Here's the problem with Ben in Cleveland. Well a, they're not gonna be able to run the ball, but you're like, no, no Brown's home, home dog. Round one. And then Deshaun sails his first pass over somebody's head and you're like, what did I, he's just walking off. I I, to me, this is a stay away. I don't know what to make either of these teams. I don't think I would be betting on this game. I'll be watching it. This is So bad. It's so bad because I've obviously have to defend my cowboys against people like you and hench and just can't, just cannot see that the regular season's different from postseason, but whatever.


And then I have Cleveland to win that division. So I'm, I'm gonna, I'm gonna bind either way here, but go Cowboys. Yeah. You boxed yourself in? Yeah. Cowboys minus two and a half. Okay. The watchable. I got three legit watchable games. Now granted, we have a Friday and a Thursday and a Monday game, so we're a little asleep. But first one it's in Buffalo. The bills are playing the Cardinals. And I can't wait to watch this game. I think the Cardinals are gonna be super fun to watch the bills. You know, Milano's out Secondary's banged up. Seems like a nice spot. I I keep staring at that, that Arizona plus two 15.


But when, when I had to guess this, I guess Bills five and a half over the Cardinals. What'd you have? You got it. Exactly. Yeah. I said six and a half. This is the, the Hail Murray rematch. Right? Wasn't that to, I mean no Hopkins on this team anymore, but yeah, this is a fun one. And I feel like we've grown up because I think we would've been like, oh, teaser. No doubt about it Buffalo. Let's do it. No way. Yeah. Either you're teasing the Cardinals or you're just taking the money line, I think for this one. Yeah. And also fully admit, you take Cardinals and whatever and then it's like, and the bill, let's, we're back in Buffalo. The bills are up 27 to nothing. Right. Somehow Josh Allen has two touchdowns. He's also thrown for two. Yeah.


What did I do? 11 inches of snow somehow first week in September. No one can understand it. Yeah, that's, I feel like that line's gonna go down. I think that goes down to four and a half by the time we get to, could see that to Sunday. But that's gonna be a really fun one. A lot of fantasy guys in that game too. Next one is a great game. Could have been in discussion for the marquee Texans. Colts. We are going to Indianapolis for this one. And I picked the Colts minus one. Yeah, you were off on this one. Huh? I was Way off. Yeah, I was. I said Texans by one and a half and even I was off. It's Texans minus two and a half.


Yeah. You know what I, and I made this pick eight, nine days ago and since then there's been just a lot of Texans buzz, including on our podcast. And it was a bad pick by me. So Texans are Colts are oh nine and one. They'll last 10 week one games. Not sure if that matters for this, but Oh nine and 1 0 0 9 and one. Wow. Last 10 week one. Yep. Couple things going on in this game. I think this is my number one pick for the overreaction game. Whatever happens in this game. Massive overreaction. Right? That's great. Richardson kills Houston and he's awesome and they beat Houston. We go, it's just Richardson Day the next day.


Right. Houston takes care of business, beats the Colts again in Indie and then, and CJ Stroud looks awesome. A lot of, lot of buzz that way. But then also Richardson doesn't look good. And then it's like, oh no, Richardson, are we sure he is good? It just feels like whatever happens, there's gonna be an overreaction. People are banged up on both sides here because Yep. Texans pass. Russia has banged up. Indy's got some receivers. India didn't change their secondary from last year, which I thought was interesting because I was reading about the games last year and they're just like, we're running it back. Even though CJ Strau did what he won it against them. But I'm probably Houston on this game by the way. Yeah, well if, if it stays under three, right?


Yeah. That might be the way to go. We like them betters this year. So oh nine one is tough. Here's another one I'm probably gonna bet Miami home for the Jaguars. I initially picked Dolphins minus four. There's been some injuries on the dolphin side. What'd you have? I had three and a half and it's down to three. So I get that one. Feel like that's a good one. Feel like you Cheating. That's a Good one. No, no, no. You're the one sees the NFL Reddit team so I don't, I don't do any of that. The So Miami's missing Chubb. They're missing Ode Beckham Barrio might have to play third receiver. They're missing their left guard. They're Daks are banged up.


Waddle and Tyreek are both questionable right now, but probably playing and odds are it's gonna be fucking hot there. Yeah. Which it's two Florida teams, so they'll be fine. But we always, I'm gonna make a note this year for week one, two. 'cause we always forget when it's 85, 90 and a hundred percent humidity. I always remember after the fact, I don't know who that's gonna hurt, but I'm in on, I'm in on the Jags. I I could, I could see spending some bet money on them. Yeah. Well I dunno if it who's gonna hurt either, but yeah, when it's like 140% humidity, I, I don't think you can make it higher than three with two decent teams. Just dunno. Fairly watchable. You could tell me if any of these should have been in the other category, but Bears, Titans I put in there just because Caleb's first game, I'm interested, wanna know how it looks, wanna see if they whip it around.


I had the Bears minus three and a half at home against the Titans. Would you Have I went a little higher and I, I win this. I said four and it's four and a half. Yeah. So we're in the vaga zone. Well I, you know, this is the first week, excuse me, of cheating, but I do use the over under wind totals to decide what I'm gonna pick for a line. And the bears are considerably, you know, expected to do better than the Titans. So had to put it in the zone. It feels like either Monday morning, Sunday night, Chicago fans over the moon going nuts. How good they looked. Or it gets dark immediately. Right. This is another overreaction candidate. Yeah. But it's only really for the Bears.


I don't think anything could happen with the Titans That would make people crazy. But there's two worlds with the Bears and one of them is gonna be extreme. Yeah. It's a must win for the Bears. Yeah. It Kind of is. It's a week one must win. Yeah. It's one of the, one of their, one of their must winners by The way. I I know we needed a Friday game to make this work, but eight early four afternoon, one Sunday night, one Monday. Let's just stick to this please. When there's no buys, please let's stick to This. Well, it gets worse. Don't we have a a 10 and a three coming up, or a 10 and a two? Yeah. So There's two tens in there and it's like, I think Scott Hansen came on. They like, they tried to, they, they changed it because of Red Zone Watchers.


They're like, well we can't have two late afternoon games with the Red Zone. Like what about the, what about us? The old schoolers who actually watch all of these. Like why do they have to take red zone to to to make a move here anyway, Your game's late. Right. Because I I feel like they wanna drive people to your game late. Yeah. Cowboys are late afternoon. Yeah. Yep. They want, they want people watching Brady. Yeah. So next one is Falcon Steelers, which initially I had in the watchable, but the more you read about the Steelers offense, there's a better chance it's gonna be unwatchable. I texted you before and I was like, if you had one regret, one possible do-over from Our over under pod just Steelers. You said, It seems like everyone's out on the Steelers.


Like I What happened between Tuesday and Sunday? Well, their offensive line is I think in shambles. Oh right. Jaylen Warren's hurt. This is like, I kind of needed them to win this game as part of my over runner. And it, it feels like this is a horrible spot for them. They have the Arthur Smith revenge game 'cause these are offensive coordinator now. Yep. But it just feels like their offensive line has kind of passed the point in no return. That was one of the reasons I liked them this season. They drafted, they spent on it, but they've had bad luck all over the place. So this is another overreaction possibility 'cause Sure you could see the, the Steelers just not being able to do anything. Judon gets a sack like Simmons makes a play and that there's Raheem Morris is jumping around, fist pumping and the Falcons win.


Like 30 to three Cousins is back. The NFC south is for real. Yeah. I will say Pip might be the nobody believes in this team. Everyone's out on them. I think it's just, I think I'm the only one that picked them in the playoffs. If there's anyone else out there who like, everyone's like out on them. Like even on The Ringer pods, like the Buno and Austin Gale on Friday, on the bread zone on ringer gambling. Like, just like destroying Pittsburgh on your pod. Like who likes Pittsburgh? Anybody? I, I Would've, you know what it is that we, I think we talked about it. You look at their schedule, there's just, you just can't come up with, it's a schedule air. You can't just do it. There's no two weeks in a row where it's like, oh okay. You know, so on the other hand, they're gonna be in every game.


Yeah. They just kind of are. They'll get blown out once, maybe twice, you know. But this is, otherwise it's just a knuckle ball. 1917 fourth quarter kind of thing. I feel like people are glo I still feel like people are glossing over the defense. But you're gonna be asking Great. A lot be Yeah. If it's healthy, they're great. The over under on this game is 40 and a half in this game. Feels so under to me. Yeah, right. It's just the Steeler gonna score, I don't know, 17 points. I don't see it. Okay. Did you We didn't pick it though. You didn't pick the We Didn't. Oh we didn't, we didn't pick it. Probably shoulda picked it. Falcon, we, I had Falcons minus three and a half in Atlanta. Yeah. So I said two and a half and it's three. Okay. That's probably where it should be. Yeah.


Yeah. I think, I think that shifts up by Sunday. I think that ends up at three and a half, don't you? Oh man. I don't see a lot pit money coming in. Everyone's out on pit. All the re like out. I think it stays, I think it Stays Mike Tomlin. I believe in you still. I can't believe you want it. You want a mulligan for I didn't say Mulligan. I said if I, I, you know we're on the record. I'm saying if I could have a Mulligan. I See. Alright. I think I would switch Pittsburgh and Buffalo as my playoff team and I think I would put Buffalo in the playoffs. But I don't have a MO again, so I'm gonna ride with too late. Still late man. Yeah, I know. Post it Chargers, Raiders could argue this is a watchable just 'cause there's so much going on.


But I picked, yeah, it's in la, which is usually a good thing for the team. That's the home team. But in this case the Raiders will probably have 40,000 fans there. I am not scared. I have Chargers by two and a half. I got this Exactly. I said three and a half. So they don't believe in the, again, I was just going by the overrun. They win things. But you're right, there's no home advantage at all. It's a disadvantage in this case. This is three and a half now. I thought it was two and a half. I looked 10 minutes before we went. Wow. It's up to three and a half. Wow. Yeah, this is Is did that move in the last 12 hours? It, but I didn't check honestly until this morning. I think it moved Was this is a, this is a Nance Romo game.


There's some good Storylines for this. Yeah. Because Harbaugh, you know they played in December and the Raiders beat them 63, 21. Yeah. And they ended up firing Staley. That was Easton stick. They ran it up. Right. And I just, I'm thinking of Harbaugh this whole week just doing, the last time we played these guys, they embarrassed you. Right. You know that that was A Thursday night. But yeah, I just, I thought they'd get a better game. But then you look at it, it's like, I guess nothing else really makes sense. So I think Harbaugh's first game is a good game. Yeah. Alright. This might be a Charger's defense wins it by himself Game. Right. Adams and Bowers are both que questionable for the game. Right. You got Harbaugh versus Antonio Pierce.


That'll be fun. Look, I love, I like the Chargers. I love every single one of them. Well you're beating me in Guess. the Lines, which I don't like. Yeah. That last one is Bucks at home for the Washington Commanders. And I bet, I bet on Bucks minus three for this one. Which Yeah, We both had. Oh no. Yeah, I had three also. It's three and a half. Yeah. So we tie that. That's tough. This, so this is a human weather game. What do you mean? If it's in Tampa and it could be a, Oh human weather. There's A human weather. Yeah. This could be one of those. Oh my God. Not that Washington is a walk in the park anyway, but this a complete stay away from me.


I wanna watch Washington for a week. I'm not betting though. We have no idea how bad their defense is. I'm staying away. I Think it's gonna be fun for Jade and Daniels, but yeah, I'm Not sure about, it'll gonna be fun. I'll, I'll root for him. I don't want money on it. Poop Facta Bengals versus the Pats. It's in Cincinnati. It's our first poop fact. The game I have the Cincinnati Bengals by 10. I said nine and it's nine and a half. So we tie that Split. Okay. I'm taking the Patriots and the points. I think Zach Taylor is still vacationing in early September. They got killed by the Browns last year. Their first game they lost to the Steelers. He was hurt. Last Game Steelers in overtime two years ago.


The Chase even playing you, you manipulated Hench to trade him. Jamar Chases in street clothes. Oh, in our keeper league. I did do that. Not Sure. Not sure what's gonna happen. So since he's missing their left tackle and they don't know if they're gonna be missing Chase or not, the Patriots are missing talent on both sides of the ball. I saw that in the injury report. The Patriots are like, we have a good secondary. Does that help us? The talent's not even day to day. They're miss. They're just out. Huh? I don't see a scenario where the pet's hanging in this game. Who'd you Tease them with? Oh God, I Don't think you ever told me. Who Not tease them with No, I every Single thing. I like them with the Packers.


I like the Packers getting points in that Brazil game. Oh yeah. And I did. I did something with the Lions too. Alright. That first one. Anyway. Not bad. Vikings Giants in New Jersey. I have the Vikings somehow, maybe the only time this year they'll be favored Vikings minus one and a half over the Giants. Well is that what you have because, oh I thought you said the Giants favorite. Yeah. You get this then. Either way I had, I had the Giants by two and a half. And you're right. It's the Vikings on the road favored by one and a half. Did IF this up? No. Who's Home? No, the Giants are home.


What? What? What's going on? They're not favored. The giants are home. They stink. And I think part of this is that I don't know if the Giants have a home field advantage. This is very bad news for Danny Dimes. If he can't be favored over They're of line. Not only sucks, but is banged up. Their linebackers are super banged up. Their dba, their dbs are bad. So we might have a good Jefferson game. They're gonna be booing Danny Dimes from the moment he shows up. Minnesota's missing Hawkinson for four weeks and Addison looks like he's out. But I still like the Vikings. By the way, I would not bet on this game because if you bet on this game, you're betting on Sam. Darn right. Playing in the old Giant stadium. This is a fucking stay Alone.


Oh, the ghost and everything. Yeah. Yeah. You can't do it. Can't do It. I just, the Vikings were all right. So again, I'm just, this is how I did the lines. Week one over seven and a half Giants, six and a half Giants are home. But you say no home field advantage. They just, They and they have more injuries. New logo. New logo at midfield. All right. The only thing I would bet on is the, the New Jersey turf will do something awful in this game. That to be a September tradition. The Turf eats Justin Jefferson again. Sorry, We don't need to spend a lot of time on Saints Panthers, which is in New Orleans. A lot of injuries on both ways. Well the league sent out a memo before, we guess a line on this and said there's no way to bet and win this game.


So stay away. There's just no they, they went all different ways but can't do. Well I had the Saints minus six, which was off. What'd you have? Yeah, I, I went high. Two, five and a half. But it's four and a half. Yeah. Vegas zone. Vegas zone. Both teams have a bunch of injuries already. The thing for me and why I kept looking at the Panthers is I'm not sure New Orleans is gonna have a home field advantage this year because of how unpopular a car is. And just in general, the fans I think are pretty mad about this team and what's happened with it. Right. And it does feel like Bryce comes out, does something, they're up seven nothing. Car throws a pick and I think the crowd turns immediately.


So it's almost like that first, that first quarter is gonna be where it goes. Interesting. Yeah. Wow. Panthers first quarter. Let's bet it the Panthers money line I think is, I think is enticing. And I think that line drops. I think that goes, I wouldn't bet it, but I would bet the money line not the line Again. The league sent out a memo. I Know. I'm just saying if you're betting this game, bet the money line though. Throw out the points. Last one. Seahawks home for the Denver Broncos. I kind of wish these two teams weren't playing each other. 'cause I like both of them. I had this Seahawk FC West Battle. Yeah. Had Seahawk minus four. You get this? I said three and a half. It's five and a half. Yeah, we moved Vegas only. Lemme count these up. Seven. I'm coming back a little bit.


7, 8, 9, 10, 11. This is where you make a mistake counting Mark. You can come back next week. It's 11, 7 1 3, Not one. Yeah, Yeah. Alright. Good. I told you this is the only one I win. Alright. I, I'm gonna try hard not to put the Seahawks in a teaser. Parlay. Yeah. I think this line feels a whiff too high. But it is a rookie quarterback on the road in Seattle. Aren, are we Gonna see a stat any day now about rookie quarterbacks on the road against the spread? Yeah. All that stuff with not exactly a bevy of skill position guys, but Right. Tyler Lockets banged up. They're missing a pass rusher. But otherwise Seattle looks pretty good. Okay, two more. And these are both great ones. Sunday night, Detroit Home for the Rams.


Oh my God. We talked to Jerry. I I That guy is so happy. He's, he has no, no will feelings against the Rams Mike. He's he's happy for everybody. It worked out for him. Did you know Matthew Stafford used to play for the Alliances? Dude. Did you even know that Mike? But these guys played on each other's teams. There's no animosity. It's great. Mike Rams left Tackle is out. They have a guard playing center. Nku is still banged up. Yeah. Detroit's healthy. Rams almost beat them round one last year. I just, to me this is like, if you believe in the Lions, you gotta fucking bet them this game. You have to take them.


Yeah. You have to bet them. This is like, if you think they're a one seed and all take, keep the, keep the foot and the pedal and, and go Monday night. Well the lines get, we didn't guess it, but the line, it scares me. This line we both said to Do we not get, so I'm just setting up these games and we're not actually getting Guess. the Lines we're doing New whole new thing this year. Yeah. I'm trying to get my mojo back. Yes. Niche lines. We're gonna guess because we're not gonna guess all. I'm Just moving on. You don't even get to guess the line. Yeah, I I guess Lions minus four and a half over the Rams. Yeah. So we both did and we both liked the lions. Why is it three and a half? It's a little bit fishy. Tiny bit fishy.


Little fishy. I agree. Like what was the playoffs? The playoff game when they, they good deal. Higher than that, wasn't it? I think people are afraid of the Rams now. They burn. They've just burned too many people over. Yeah, they, they're like one of those boxers, nobody wants to fight anymore. Right, right, right. You know, it's like give McVay like six guys and somebody could throw the ball and he can try to Yeah. Almost be you. Monday night. Great game. San Francisco 49 ERs home for the New York Football Jets. I picked 49 ERs by three. By four and a half. Yeah. I said four because there's so, so much Jets love here. Yeah. 49 ERs are a little banged up too. And it's three and a half.


Yeah. So I get that. I got the week. Get that, That line was four and a half, eight, nine days ago after I guessed the lines and sent them to you. Oh was it? Yeah. Yeah. Well when I guessed them it was, but now it's what it is. But, and I was like, do I need to put something in on this? 'cause I know that's gonna drop. And now, I mean Green law's out. CREs still hurt. Who Fanga might play? Might not. Warner's band up. Leonard Floyd's band up. Ricky Pearsall's obviously not playing. Yep. Trent Williams is holding out. We've no idea if we're gonna see him. Iuk has had a fucked up off season and I guess he's gonna play. But You get a free four plays outta Rogers.


Like no question about it. He's definitely gonna get in there for four Snaps. Yeah. This will, we know this will be the healthiest the Jets will be all year. Right? Yeah. I really like the spot for them. And they, the jets are, they just have a ton of talent. I don't think they're gonna be afraid of this game. And, and if you like the Jets and you don't like the Niners that much, then you gotta bet this game. That's it. That's Guess the Lines. You're up. We did it. You're up as always. You're up one. Nothing in in week one of the NF NFL season Ipi. No, I think I was like minus six 50 to take the first week and then the over under winds go away and there's not nothing I could do. You'll be breaking down all those games on it against the lots. Yeah. The week I'm gonna be doing million dollar Pix again on Thursday.


Let's take one more break. I'm gonna do Parent Corner.


Thanks again to Workday for sponsoring this segment via finance and HR Rockstar with Workday. To learn more, visit Workday com.


This episode is brought to you by Yahoo Fantasy Football. We love Yahoo Fantasy Football so much. We're doing a Ringer Fantasy Football League this year. It's gonna be heated. I don't know what the prize is gonna be, but it's gonna be something that humiliates the last place team and elevates the first place team and makes them feel like they're super duper special. My podcast, ROSC Ringer, NFL, ringer Fantasy Football, New York, New York, the full go off, the Pike Philly special. We are all gonna be in there. All of our football podcasts basically going head to head. Not everyone can win in fantasy, but everyone has a chance to win big. With Yahoo Fantasy Football, you can create or join a Yahoo Fantasy Football League today. All you have to do is go to yahoo sports.com/simmons. That's my name. Remember, someone will win $1 million. All you have to do is play in a private Yahoo Fantasy League and enter the sweepstakes by September 5th. Not that far away. Football's coming. Get ready. Enter now at yahoo sports.com/simmons. No purchase necessary open in all 50 states in the us plus DC for ages 18 plus and September 5th, 2024. See official rules at yahoo sports.com/simmons.


This episode is brought to you by LinkedIn. If you're hiring during the summer season, it's important to find the right people for the right role. Especially if you want your business to thrive. Like with baseball, if you wanna win, you need a pitcher who can clean up. you need batters with a 250 average or higher at least, who can get on base outfielders with good field averages like Aaron Judge to find the right players. you need LinkedIn jobs. They have the tools you need to find qualified candidates faster and for free. It's more than just a job board. With access to professionals you can't find anywhere else. Even those who aren't actively seeking a new job. In fact, here's an important stat you wanna pay attention to. 70% of LinkedIn users don't visit other leading job sites. So if you're not looking on LinkedIn, you are looking in the wrong place. Especially if you're a small business. LinkedIn knows you guys wear a lot of hats. Keep things running. I was a small business Once upon a time you might not have the time or resources to hire. That's why they make things simple. Helping 86% of small businesses find candidates within 24 hours. So go hire the right professionals for your team. Post your job for free at LinkedIn dot com slash simmons. That's LinkedIn dot com slash simmons to post your job for free terms and conditions apply.


All right, Sal, parent Corner, what do you got? All right, here we go. Let's start it with, well man, it's been some summer, but let's, let's pick on my middle kid. Jack. Jack Romo, quirky kid. I named him after Tony Romo. He turned around and started rooted for the Steelers. Yeah, I get what I deserve there. Right? Perfect. Perfect for me. So, like I said, quirky, he's got some Napoleon dynamite like qualities. I love him to death. But since the Mets started, I do have him rooting for the Mets. That's good. But not for him. But when, since they started with this grimace nonsense, he bought a costume. It's a big purple plastic covering. And one day, like a month ago, he wore it to, or I guess it wasn't a month ago, it was before school ended.


He wore it to school and then walked to McDonald's and asked for the grimace shake. And like they didn't like by his account. No one laughed. No one did anything. They didn't know what he was doing. They didn't have the grima shake. It was only available in Canada. So they like left and they had to walk home that day in the stupid costume. Oh no. So yeah, it's miserable. And I felt terrible for the good. I'm like, wow, this is pathetic. So a few weeks ago, the Mets are playing in Anaheim and I was like, I'm bringing the family. It's easier to get to Anaheim from where I am than Dodger Stadium. And I look and it's like $47 for six, six row seats. I'm like, this is the best. Wow. I'm, I'm doing it. So we get there before we go, is it $47?


'cause the angels don't have anyone you'd wanna see in person. Lots of reasons. I thought that was the number one reason I turned out when I got there. I I, I, that was not the number one reason. But anyway, Jack is gonna bring his grima caution. I'm like, you know what Jack, no one's really gonna get it. I know it's a Mets thing. He is like, I'm bringing it, I wanna bring it. I wanna wear it. And I'm like, all right, fine. Here we go. This is gonna be a disappointment again. We get there. The seats are $47. Yes, because the angels suck and because it is blistering hot. Oh, It's in the sun. Oh, it's 101. Yeah. And there's no relief. So all the middle tier, the mezzanine that are covered, their full, you know, you can get that up. Anything that's covered is full.


Anything down below you can sit on the, you can roll around on the dugout if you want. It doesn't matter. So here I am. I'm thinking that great day. And like I said, there's no relief. So my wife is like, I'm out. She went and sat in the shade, like outside the stadium or something and now it's us. And I'm like, wow. I just like me's sitting there in this costume like burning up. I think it's like, I think he's gonna like combust. Like it's gonna set fire. I'm like, am I just the worst father for doing this? And then all of a sudden, like a ton of people come and wanna take selfies with this kid, with the grimace kid, with the grimace costume. And like, he's like, yeah sure, of course I'll take a picture. And he's like got all these, you know, all these goba from New York coming up, taking the selfie and everything.


I'm not kidding. It must have been like 40 selfies with people. He was a big hit. He got on the local Bally's broadcast of the Angels game. They showed him like twice. And so I don't know what the moral of the story is other than the Mets got their asses handed to 'em. But I guess this has a happy ending to wear the premise costume. So does he does this. This is how like superhero movies start. Yeah. Right. Is Story's exposed to nuclear reactor and all a sudden's gonna be the gr mess. The Mets have all so many dumb things going on. I guess it could have dressed as a hot to a girl, been crying, been, yeah, it's nice. So That was a great first pair, quarter story. Thank you. Thank You. Yeah.


Good for you. Goodbye. You Jack. I had a lot of ways I can go. I'm actually gonna keep Ben Simmons on the bench this week. Even though I had seven stories. So my daughter started dating this guy. She goes to college, she's like, I'm not gonna have a boyfriend all year. I'm gonna do soccer. And, and within a month has a boyfriend. He love this guy. Really great kid. So then he came out and visited during the summer 'cause she was here. And then we were going, I, I had some time off and one of the places we went to was, we went to Hawaii. So when we're planning it, she's like, Hey, can we bring Tommy? And my wife's like, yeah, let's bring him. And it's, he's a great kid. So he comes to Hawaii with us. Then two weeks later we have to go to the Cape for the Simmons family Cape Week, which we hadn't been to in forever.


It's the whole family. And we're in Hawaii and Tom's like, you know, I'd really like to go to that. I love your dad. And I'm like, I there's gonna be like a lot of like cousins and like, he, you definitely don't wanna go to this. He's like, no, no, it'll be fine. I'm good. And stuff like that. So anyway, he comes to the cape with us and then come, they leave and instead of going back to where he is from in Miami, he just decides to go to Boston. 'cause Zoe always started soccer. Hmm. And ends up staying with my dad for another week. And I, he is like as, as in as I've seen a college boyfriend with the family and I, I don't know what, from everything I laid out. Wow. And they're almost at a year. I mean the odds of somebody with their marrying their college boyfriend, I think it's what, 200 to one?


Two 50 To one to one. No lower About that. No. Well with me as a dad begging you not to marry your college boyfriend, that you have to factor that in the odds. Right. Right. So that's why young married's, why he Went to the married, he went to the grandfather trying to get the more people you're Entrenched. He Yeah. He's trying to win over like other family members. Sure. But so this is, and it's gotten to this point where I'm like, I don't know how they break up. So he might be around for a while. Yeah, he's, I dunno, he's, when was the last time people met when they were 19 and got married? It doesn't happen, I don't think any that much. Right. It doesn't happen anymore. That's why I thought I would bring it up as my parent corner. I like it on this pod to just basically reverse jinx it because she's too young.


She can't get married. Well You love, I don't have to get married next year. But you like the guy, right? No, he's a great kid. If you wanna meet someone new, you have to meet, meet someone new. He's a great kid. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. No it's good. Yeah. So there you go. I, I guess my point is, young love still exists Sal. I guess so. And he's literally grandfathered in because My dad loves grandfather's house. They like hang out. Like what? That's great. He got my dad to watch UFC, which you're, you're gonna be shocked to learn. My dad did not enjoy UFC that much. He didn't take to it. No, He didn't didn't didn't take to it. Oh. As they were watching it. But he's a Miami guy. If your dad starts rooting for the heat, then you got, then you have to turn on the heat. Well, So there were a lot of Miami jokes. My dad was wearing his Celtics championship hat the entire week.


Right. We, there was a lot of Hey, Miami didn't do Miami didn't do Anything in, in the off season. The heat. Lot of Tua jokes. It's good. It's a, it's a nice little healthy mix for for a Love it. I love it. Anyway, there you go. Good guy. I met him too. Nice guy. Young love exists And the Grimace might be a new superhero origin. That's for week one. Good lord. I guess that's it for the pot actually. Thank you for Yeah. Thank you for producing Kyle Creon as always. you can watch video from this podcast on the Bill Simmons YouTube channel. Yeah. Video. My camera works. you can see Sal on on Not Only and Against All Odds. Not only in Through The.


Ringer. 'cause it, how's Winning Weekend is Back. I have Tony Romo on this week, Simmons. Wow. We went for a an hour so I don't know how much we're gonna use and holy shit. He heed me afterwards for the reps. He's like, thanks man. He's like, I, yeah, he needed that. It's good. Legs back anytime. I announced he's gonna be on every week. So we'll see if, see if that happens. But let me just say I know the podcast's over, but I do this new thing now. On Cut Sells a winning weekend. It's called the Cousin's Conundrum. And I asked Ron Darling if he was locked in the broadcasting booth, who he would eat first. Keith Hernandez or Gary Cohen. I put Drew Brees on the spot who he would throw in federal prison on that NFC championship game thing with the the referees.


Oh, that's the quarterback. That's a I got good question. I got Romo. Good. I wanna ask you, I got Elizabeth cousins conundrum and just give everybody a taste. A new law comes out that no city can Host more than two teams from the major sports leagues. Boston has given you the power Simmons to decide who stays and who moves to Des Moines. Which two leave? Celtics Bruins. Patriots. Red Sox. Oh wow. Well I don't like the cannot answer number. I don't like the Bruins owners. So that one's easy. Easy. I know, I know that one's easy. I knew that was easy. Ho Celtics have to stay for me. I know it. Yep. This is the one I'd probably keep the Red Sox. It would be too weird not to have Fenway Park in the Red Sox.


Really? Wow. The Pats gave us six Super Bowls. They play in Foxborough. We, we'll, I'll just bet on all the NFL teams. I'll be fine. The Des Moines Patriots. All right. Yeah. They almost moved a few times. All right. So who you see one of The reasons you're such an evil genius is because you root for teams outside of New York. There's no way for you to answer this question that makes you look bad. The Mets get to stay. Yeah, you have your own conundrum. That's fine. Unbelievable. Alright guys, as always. Good job by you. Good Job by you buddy.


Must be 21 plus in President Select states for Kansas and affiliation with Kansas Star Casino or 18 in president dc. Gambling problem. Call 100 gambler. Visit rg help.com. Call 1 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org/chat in Connecticut or visit md gambling help.org in Maryland. Hope is here. Visit gambling help line ma.org or call 803 2 7 50 50 for twenty four seven. Support Massachusetts, or call 1 8 7 7 8 HOPE ny. Or text Hope NY in New York.