
You're listening to The Bill Simmons Podcast presented by FanDuel FanDuel. Sportsbook is the best place to bet on the NBA A. We have these fun little Tuesday, Friday player performance stuff. We have same game parlays, we have picks for me sometimes and boosts and all kinds of fun things. Get ready in the playoffs. Download the FanDuel Sportsbook app today to get in on the action. And by the way, The Ringer is committed to responsible gaming. Please visit The Ringer dot com slash rg to learn more. Listen to the end of this episode for additional details. Must be 21 plus President Select states game problem called one 800 GAMBLER. Or visit rg help.com.


Hey, we launched Good Hang with Amy Poer. It's doing great. You can get it as a video podcast on Spotify. You can also get it on the Amy Poll or Good Hang YouTube channel. Go check it out.


This episode is brought to you by vrbo, private Vacation Rentals with vrbo, you always get the whole house so you and your fellow fans can cheer on your team in peace. What's worse than watching a game with somebody who's not rooting for the same team? You're rooting for nothing. But that's why if you book a vacation house with vrbo, you know all the people in your house, they'll be friends, they'll be family. Ideally, they'll be the ones who also root for my teams. Plan a winning vacation. Make it a vrbo.


We're also brought to you by The Ringer Podcast Network. I put up our Prestige TV podcast yesterday. We covered the studio. The first two episodes. People like the show me, Sean Fantasy, Joanna Robbins talked about that. I'm also gonna be there on Sunday night White Lotus episode seven. We already have that one in the bank. It's the last one we were able to tape ahead of time because it looks like no screener spur the last episode, the 90 minute one. So we're gonna be doing that live two Sundays from now. New re watchable is coming Monday night. We are doing, I'm in Boston right now. We are doing Goodwill Hunting tonight, so you can hear that as a podcast of the live show on Monday night. And then we're sticking around all weekend.


Coolidge Corner, a place that I live for a little bit once upon a time. We're doing a little Coolidge Corner Film Festival. They have a theater that's been there forever and they've actually taken care of it. It's one of the best places to see movies in Boston. So we're showing heist movies, Boston movies, all day. Friday, Saturday, Sunday. I think we did nine movies total. Me and Shauna and Chris are gonna be there for a couple of them to talk afterwards. So if you are interested, I, I think there might be some tickets left. It's The Ringer dot com slash events to go Check that out. So this is fun. This is like an unexpected Christmas NFL win total over under. Came out today and Cousin Sal and I decided we missed guest the lines.


We're just gonna do it again. We're gonna play guest the lines with the over runners. We intentionally did not look at them. They came out on FanDuel right before they, we taped this podcast and that's what you're about to hear. But first Pearl Jet. All right. Taping this on a Thursday. Cousin Sal is here. Normally we just play Guess the Lions during the NFL season. We haven't seen Sal since the Super Bowl.


The saddest look on his face every year knowing that it's come to an end. And now we came up with a new idea. Thursday. I'm doing a pod. You were available. Fando dropping NFL over under win totals. So we said last night, I'm not gonna look, you're not gonna look. And we're gonna do Guess the lines. We made our guesses. And we're gonna go through every team and see and see what our instincts were. What do you think? This is a spectacular day. A new day in our calendar. Hopefully we could keep doing this. I mean, I, I've been sick all week. I was in Vegas. I I come back from Vegas. I'm sick every time now. Yeah, it's like people come back with syphilis. I just have a cold and it doesn't help Next to Nephew Kyle, who fires up like 37 lung darts in 18 hours.


It kills my throat. But anyway, I got some pep in my step. This is one of the fi if they should do this, vandals should release the win total over unders the last Thursday and March. This should be one of the five best non-football sports days of the year. I mean, between March Madness, the four sweet 16 games opening day baseball. Yeah. And preseason over under win totals. Are you kidding me? Yeah, this is great. Yeah. We should have gone live. This should have been an event. It should have been like when the NFL releases the schedule. Right. We should have been the one announcing the FanDuel over unders for each team and try and guess what they were. Yeah, we'll work on this. I think next year we can do an even bigger version of it. I know you go right from football just to a series of, of wagering on sports.


You don't really know that well other than basketball. Like you're, you're, I'm sure you made a shitload of preseason baseball bets March Madness. Yeah. You got some golf coming. There's some weird tennis stuff happening. What's the dumbest thing you've bet on in the last six weeks? I have joker in the Miami Open. I have to wake up and bet soccer. And now there's like, you have to have like nine streaming services to have the, the, all the soccer capabilities for the world to worldwide gamble on it. But yeah, that's basically it. Just nonsensical soccer in the morning. Really? Like, like what country? What what region of the world are we In? All of them. All of them. The ones, All the parts of the world. Yes. Is Greenland a country or do they belong to us now? I don't know. I I 'em all It's a continent.


I don't did that. Or they're 51st state. I haven't checked or Our, or our cherish 51st state. Yes. Yeah. Yeah. Were you able be to bet on Stephen a versus LeBron? Is there Like a future bet there who's favored? Stephen make no mistakes. Stephen a would swing at him. He Would, that's no mistake I've ever heard Stephen A they started first take today. Yeah. Two minute intro from the show credits of Molly and went to Stephen a Yeah, 17 straight minutes. And it was incredible compelling tv. He's an artist. Was it really? I I was really into it. Yeah. I really enjoyed it. He's really good. Yeah. I don't know where this goes, but I'll pay this. Yeah, if you're, if you're gonna do the, who has more to lose sweepstakes?


I'm gonna say LeBron has more to lose if this just gets worse and worse and worse and over. Interesting. Really? Yeah. Yeah. Well I'm not saying he has more to lose. I'm saying he's just more famous. Yeah. I guess he's Stephen a like this is great. I'll keep this going as long as you want. I I don't know that LeBron's more Stephen a could be our next president. I don't know who's more famous that that's Not maybe that's, that's how Stephen a wins. He becomes the next president and he abolishes the NBA max contract. That'll be his first thing. Okay. NFL regular season win totals. So we're gonna go by, you wanna go alphabetically or you wanna go by divisions? How do you wanna do It? Probably divisions. I mean, I would really, let's like to do 15 minutes on yo, it's no look pass and another 20 on whether Steph's tunnel shot went in, but okay.


If you wanna get right into it, it's fine. The tunnel shot, is that Steph's fault that it was Senate? Like should he have retweeted the angle and say, I didn't that that didn't actually go in. He needs to apologize. I was saying that he's no longer a first ballot hall of famer. I mean he now drops the two or three. But I I thought that my, the, my favorite thing about it is typical NBA fashion. It took three days to review. Like why didn't we break that second angle an hour later? We found out like on a Thursday shot it Monday. Davis is still at the monitor. Yeah. Okay. We'll start Divisions. Yeah, let's do divisions. We'll start with the AFCs Buffalo bills. They went 13 and four. We're gonna tell you the only things that we know that we did work on were what other two divisions each team is playing.


Right. So the Buffalo Bills were 13 and four last year. Next year they're playing the A FC North, not awesome NFC South pretty good. So I'm gonna say that's it's about an average degree. Yeah, it's a wash. I think that's fair. And we should also say like, you know, we may have like some liens here, but these aren't our official picks. You don't wanna tarnish your No. What were you 27 and five last Year? Yeah. I'm never, I I'm gonna go five and 27 next year. I'll never top 27 and five. No, we're just, we're still Missing like two key components. We haven't seen the draft obviously. And we don't know the schedule. We know who everybody plays. We don't know like rest advantage, we don't know, like, you know, who has three road games in a row and stuff like that. Those are Crucial.


We know, we don't know what's happening in the draft. None of this stuff just like, yeah. And we're trying to guess what do we think FanDuel thought would be the perfect over under, 'cause the goal of this, when they're putting out these over runners in March, how do we get the most action both ways and the over under. Right. Last year, Dallas, they put it a win too high. Everybody bet. Well this, I'm sorry it was your team, but everybody bet the under everybody kept that in the under and they had to move it from 10 and a half to nine and a half, which was a really bad sign. So one of the things we're interested this year is snapshot of in March when this comes out, and then how does it shift? They'll start putting action if people are banging the over, like if people start banging the Patriots over, they'll make it a minus one 40 minus 1 45.


So you'll get a sense of like, oh, who is America really starting to get behind, which can either be a good thing or a bad thing. Right? So Buffalo, I went with 11.5, so, okay. 11 and a half wins as the over under. What'd you have? I Said 12. And again, I'm looking at these for the first time. You can't say 12, you have to do a 0.5, right? No, no, no. Ha Half of them were re regular square numbers. Oh really? Oh, I didn't even know we were doing that. Okay. Yeah, I wrote down the last year they were like, you were right though. Of course. So the, the cheating right off the top. Okay. Worked Out 11 and a half. I do, I knew this would be a new way for you to get bad.


Meanwhile, you won Guess the lines last year and there's been a lot of talk about you and whether you've been cheating. This doesn't count. This doesn't count for anything. Like are you using PDs? What's going on over there? So we, So they went, they had 13 wins last year and it's 11 and a half. Yep. And that's to say that the division got better or you just can't make 'em 12. I Don't know. Well we should also mention this is crucial too. Minus one 40 already For the over, At least I'm in Boston so I can bet it and I could do a live bet as we're talking, but minus one 40 already. Which makes me wonder do they bump that at some point? But I think Miami's probably a little either the same or a little worse than last year Jets.


I, who knows? The Pats are the only one that you could say they'll definitely be better. Yeah. So, and we, as far as we can tell, Buffalo didn't get worse. So I don't know. I think They're fine. I think that is, you know, you know what they have out of Bosa is good. They just need, you know, basically that's Oh, they bosa they're gonna get the seven Bosa games. Yeah, I mean where he looks Awesome. I think That that's good. I mean he is definitely gonna miss time, but they extended Alan, which is, which is great. I mean we don't, 11 and a half, 12 is fine. So you get it. Oh, I forgot to mention one variable that you have to factor in this. The schedule. So we're doing this by how they finished last year. So AFC ISS Buffalo's first place scheduled next year. Yeah. They'll have a bunch of night games. So all that stuff. Miami eight and nine last year.


A FC north, NFC South Second place schedule and whatever this is. I might make a live under bet right now. What do you have for this one? I have nine. Nine. Wow, you really went round numbers. Yeah. Yeah. About half of mine. No, I got mo more halfs, but yeah, I have nine. I might be the one, I might be low one last year. Yeah. Yeah. They're eight, nine. I might be low. I said seven and a half. I don't like the vibe of that Dolphins team at all. And the answer is eight and A half. It's eight, eight and a half. So I get it. But I'm going under. Yeah, that's a guaranteed under for me.


Well, they add eight last Year. You wanna imitate JJ talking about this or should I do it? Go ahead. You do it. You got it. You start. I'll jump in. I Don't know bro. Eight and a half slow. It's a must, must win season for McDaniel. It's a must win. He's gotta win 10 games or is that keeping his job? Bro, You are gonna tell me Zach Wilson is gonna step in there and do the job. I'm not buying it. I'm not buying it for sure. Oh, You think he goes under That's A, that's a discussion for a different day. Yeah. All right. Eight and a half. Even money, both ways. So I, my prediction is that's gonna be an under bet for a lot of people. All right. Jets are next. They were five and 12. Third place scheduled next year. Justin Fields now a quarterback.


Yeah. Seventh pick in the draft. We'll see what they do with that. The one thing that could affect this is if they take Sura Sanders with the seventh pick and basically get nothing outta that first round pick. 'cause they already took Fields. Fields. Yeah. I'm gonna say six and a half for these guys. What do you have? All right. I get this. I said six and did you see it? It's five and a half. Yeah. Wow. Amazing. It was nine and a half with Rogers. Wow. It's five and a half with Justin Fields. That's a, they went way too high on Rogers, which we know, but five and a half. What a slap in the effing empires that Too.


State building face. That's, I think that's too low. Don't you? New coach Aaron Glenn. Yeah. Fields different look than, than Rogers, but not necessarily a worse look. Seventh pick in the draft. I don't know. I haven't seen like, all right. So what, how many games will they be favor in one in their division Home Against guys? Yeah. Maybe the Home Pats game. The Home Dolphins game. Maybe None of the a FC North games probably. No, a Couple other than the NFC South Carolina. If it's home against Carolina, Yeah, I think that's About there. If it's home against New Orleans, What A mess. And then maybe one other shit team. All right.


All right. This is the most exciting one. The Patriots four 13 new coach just spent money all over the place on a bunch of different positions that the fourth pick in the draft. Seems like about a 50 50 chance they're getting Abdul Carter or Travis Hunter Drake May year two to to say the coaching staff will be better as an understatement and they're gonna have a fourth place schedule and they get to play the NFC South. There's a lot of things lining up for them to be the, This could be 10 and a half and you're going over, I don't dunno what it, it's 10 and a half. I'd be insulted. I I think it should be 12 and a half. What, what do you have? I love it. I have seven and a half. Yeah, that's what I had too. And the answer is seven and a half. Alright, that's fine.


That's fair. That's, you wanna 15 already. All right, so we're two. You're up 2 1 1 with me right now. Yes. Does that go up? What if they get Abdul Carter or Chanter in the draft, does that go up? Well, you're very in influe influential, and I know you're, I'm not influential with this. You're over the moon about Stefan Diggs. You got your way There. Nah, that one, that one. I'm not, I'm, I'm, I'll work by, by the end of April. I'll be over the moon on the dick signing right now. I'm, I'm kind of still confused, although it does seem like they can get out of it after a year. But the, the 3-year-old receiver coming off ACL surgery, I don't know.


I don't know. You're not gonna be in a spot where you're gonna wanna lose that last game. Right. Which is where you were. Which when we typically go over some of these teams over unders, you have to factor that in and no, I think, I think you could be an eight and nine team. You should be happy with eight and nine and Drake May 2nd year. Well, the question is, could you be better than that? And that's what we said with Washington last year, where they checked every box and both of us were, we both jumped on the over, but we're, we kind of drew the line that could they be a playoff team You Need to watch. And we've seen the NFL Denver type situation. Right. I I think your situation's even closer to Denver, even though it's, I know Nix was a rookie coming in, but older, whatever. Yeah, I think that's kind of what you have to do.


Sneak up there. It's the recipe that works every year. And the question is whether it's the Patriots or another crappy team making the jump, it's did you improve your coach? Do you have a qb? Is your schedule easy? If you have those three things, it becomes very realistic to go from four to 10 wins. We see it all the time. And I think they're a great candidate for this. So We will see, I mean, you already sold, you already sold the nine part documentary for the 2025 Patriots. So I mean, good, good job by you, I guess. Did they, did they greenlight that yet? Yeah, it's just about Drake May. It's not about the Patriots. It's, it's, we're just with, it's like Truman show. Remember that movie Truman show? It's that The Drake may, right?


We just, we follow 'em around. All right, we're gonna take a quick break and then we are gonna do the rest of the divisions.


This episode is brought to you by MICHELOB ULTRA. We are getting close to the NBA playoffs, which means we are getting close to the NBA finals. One of my favorite sporting events. Not just because it's really fun basketball at the highest possible level, but all the historical legacy stuff, it's my favorite. You've heard me talk about on the podcast many times. Speaking of finals, MICHELOB ULTRA has given you the chance to win tickets to the NBA finals, which I hope Boston is a part of. Not only do they make a superior beer, they're also helping fans like you get closer to the game. MICHELOB ULTRA superiors worth playing for. Check out MICHELOB ULTRA dot com slash NBA finals to enter for a chance to win tickets. MICHELOB ULTRA Courtside NBA finals sweepstakes, no purchase necessary open to US residents, excluding Maryland residents. 21 and up ends on May 5th, 2025. See official rules at MICHELOB ULTRA dot com slash rules for price and detail. Message and data rates may apply void where prohibited.


All right, come back. We're gonna do the A FC north. There's a world where this is the best division next year, depending on what happens with Cleveland. Like if they took Sanders at second and he was good right away with the rest of the team, they have maybe, I don't know Baltimore. Yeah, let's try to remember to add up, add up the over under winds to determine who's the best division. So yeah, we'll we'll see this should this right? Could have the most, yeah. Baltimore, so the n, the A FC North is playing the A FC East and the NFC North. Pretty Tough. Pretty tough. So for Easy games, if the Bears are even mediocre to decent, there's no easy games in the NFC North and then in the A FFC East, maybe the Jets, maybe the Dolphins, maybe the Pats.


But maybe two of those three teams are like pretty frisky. So yeah, that's a pretty tough one. Baltimore first place schedule. They're gonna have Sunday night games. Monday night games. They're in the running for a Christmas game, a Thursday game. You know they're gonna have another monster schedule 'cause they wanna put Lamar on tv. I predicted 11 and a half for this. That's exactly what I said. Are we, The answer is very exciting. 11 and a half. It's 11 and a half. Okay, we got it. We split it. Yeah. So, and one 10 too. They really, That's one of those, if the schedule stuff was a little easier, I would've gone 12 and a half. But I think you almost have to do the docket by one game just 'cause you know, it's probably headed for them.


Okay, this Next one, they were 11 last year and they won 12 games. So it kind of that yeah, that's a nice settling spot for them. Last year. Pittsburgh 10 and seven. Second place schedule. We talked about the A-F-C-N-F-C North and as far as we know, they don't have a quarterback yet. Now the running outta possibilities 'cause the giant signed to the guys, Rogers is still lurking. Yeah. And just seems like he's milking it. There's Jackson Dart possibilities I guess. Maybe. Right? If they wanted to try to bow Nick that situation. I, not a lot of other options after that. Unless they wanna play the Mason Rudolph card and yet this is a team every year that goes over their over.


Do you think they factored that in with the silver under pick or not? You know what's weird with it? They didn't. So yesterday, Russ signs with the Giants and FanDuel's like, all right, so Rogers is the only missing piece at this point. And probably to the Steelers. We don't give a shit. We, we can't wait. Right. We, we can't wait. We are not gonna move it a tick if he signs with Pittsburgh or not. I, I don't, I mean, what do they have? They have Rudolph and they have Skylar Thompson. They should go for it. Go for it with those two. That'll be fun. Or Trade. So Pittsburgh or trade for, not Kenny Pickett, but somebody of that ilk. Yeah. Give up like a six round pick. It's pretty brutal. I can't believe they didn't figure this out.


So I guessed eight and a half. That's what it was last year. Sounds great. What'd you have? I said seven and a half. I don't like this team. Okay, what is It? You're right. Seven and a half. Yeah. Wow. You're doing better than me. You're up, you're plus two on me right now. And there we go. There's been, there's been some juice already that is minus one 20 as we're taping this. It is 1 51 Pacific. Which way? East Time Juice on the over. Yeah. Okay. Because Mike Tomlin wins nine or 10 games every single year. And that's just what he does. Yeah. I dunno. This is a tough schedule I think. I think everybody knows how to beat the Steelers Now. You need 17 points. Go get it.


Maybe even 60. Yeah. Rogers going to the stay war is probably the most fun outcome from a content standpoint. And there's a chance that stay war fans will just hate his guts by November. But we'll see how it goes. Cincinnati, I had the hardest time with this one. I think of anyone in the a ffc, they're playing the AFCs NFC North Third Place schedule. They resign their receivers, they have Burrow. We'll see what happens with Hendrickson. Middle of the first round pick. I couldn't get to the 10 range with them. I went nine and a half, which you did. Oh wow. All right. I went 10 and a half. I think they juiced this up because any fantasy player and is not really paying attention to how bad their offensive line might be, wants to bet the over in the Bengals.


And it was 10 and a half last year. What is it? It is 10 and a half. You're fucking killing me. What the hell? There We go. There we go. This is your new favorite game. This Is it. This counts as four, four weeks. I think One thing with this one though, there's already a lot of juice on the under. It's minus one 30, the mo, the under 10 and a half. So I might be right in two months, right? I don't, I don't see 11 wins for this team. That's a lot. That 11 wins makes them one of the four best teams in the a ffc. And you would take buffalo over them, you would take KC over them. You would definitely take Baltimore over them. And then, then it comes down to, would you take, take like are they in the Texans chargers kind of class or higher than that, right?


Because this, this, that over under says they're higher than that. I'm with you. I'm as right about the Bengals as I am as wrong about the Browns and I feel like betting them to win 11. So it's gonna be a tough schedule. They always get off to a slow start. I said they're whole lot, they lost Alex Kappan, Trent Brown. So it could be one of those years where Burrow's Yeah. Running for his life. So I don't love them with 11 wins. Yeah. We still dunno what's happened with Hendrickson. Yeah. Cleveland three and 14 last year. Fourth place schedule and no cap space whatsoever. Kenny, he Pickett maybe is the quarterback unless they take Sanders. I love what you said. What'd you say? That is the funniest trade ever was It was, it was Pickett.


Somehow Philly got like a six round pick out of it to trade Pickett. Yeah. Turned Pickett into Dorian Thompson, Robinson. Like we, that was A dtr Pickett like need like a six rounder first. That's gotta be it. I I went low. I went five and a half, You know, I said five and a half too. I'm regretting this. I think it could be even lower. They're Miserable. No. Nailed it. Five and a it. Okay. Yep. So juice on that one too already. Minus 1 25. So people are banging the over, if you're banging the over, there's a case for it. You have to think they're taking Sanders and that he's gonna be good right away. Right. He's bow next, next year for them. And I don't know, I guess that's the case.


I, this Is a weird year with the quarterbacks. It really is. There might be actually too many quarterbacks versus teams that are gonna take quarterbacks in the first round. Yeah. And I know I'll be wrong because everybody takes quarterbacks early, but are, are the Browns and Titans definitely taking a quarterback or the Giants like Titans are, I think Titans. I think Cam Ward is pretty locked into that one. All right. McShay McShay had some intel in his newsletter today that he thought there was a possibility the giants were trying to trade up to one and basically got the word that Titans were taking word. Everyone seems to think he's going first. The odds reflect it right now. I don't think the minus 1200 on FanDuel to be the first pick.


I, I thought I'd go for some of those. I I, I put money on Dart and Sanders just thinking like maybe someone does something really stupid here, but because I don't feel like we've heard a lot about, I know Warren's getting a little bit buzzed, but not to warrant minus 1200. I told our guy Jack at FanDuel. Yeah. I said I wanted them to have the Bill Simmons runs around his house with his arms up in the air screaming euphoric 1, 2, 3, 4 draft scenario that I want to be able to bet. Oh that's Right. War goes first. Cleveland takes Sanders second Giants take Travis Hunter third and then we get Abdul Carter fourth and that I'm running around my house like this. That's fine.


And I wanna be able, And by the way, we should be able to bet that they don't have the exact order of draft things yet. 'cause I think it's Oh, they won too far away. Yeah. They usually do it two weeks before the draft. I want it now. Yeah, we're with now. Like, fucking put it up. Let's go. Right. Bill Simmons, I wanna bet all kinds of scenarios. Bangs his shoulder on the fridge, separates it much like Abdul Carter going into The draft. Hey, come on Abdul's fine. Alright. A FFC south now they're playing the A FC West and the NFC West this year. What are your thoughts on that? I think that's a that's fine. I think that's fine for this. They, they play themselves. So that's what's, see that's what's good.


That was a tepid endorsement. Well, I'm, you know what I'm also looking at, so th so let's add that up. 33 wins for the A FC East and 29 35 for the A FC North O. Okay, well that number's about to drop for the afc. Yeah. So Houston 10 and seven last year and then they're playing the west and the west. Yeah. I think you could argue they're worse, right? I don't know when tank that's coming back. Digs is gone. He was gone anyway. They traded tonsil. They got a second round pick for him. The a FC South, I'm assuming will be a a a whiff better than it was last year.


And they're playing a first place schedule. I wanted to go 10 and a half and I couldn't get there. I went nine and a half. What'd you do? That's What I have. Okay. Is it nine and a half? It can't be 10. We'll see, I I did think about the round 10. Yeah. Nine and a half. Ooh, breaking. You got it Right. Yeah. Not only do we get it right minus one 60 on the under. So that's the biggest. So the most action we've seen so far is the, is that minus one 60 might take that. Vegas doesn't like Houston. They're a weird team. Right. Fired. Their offensive coordinator might Through this. Yeah. They should mow through this division. And they were in, how confident were we in CJ Stroud last year and then we didn't get that confidence back until like the first round of the playoffs.


So Yeah, it's strange. They, they signed a lot of one year players. Cam Robinson, Danelle, hunter, Trent Brown. We'll see what happens. Indianapolis eight and nine last year. Second place schedule our guide Tound is a little higher on the Anthony Richardson. Don't count this guy out. He was banged up last year. This is his team. Right. This is gonna be The fu comeback year for Richardson. Mm. If that doesn't happen, Daniel Dimes is right behind him. Would you get, I wanna Have seven half. I have a strong opinion about Jones. I I I I'm not there yet, but I feel like I have no reason to support him. But maybe that was as disastrous a situation as you could come from going to York Giants, Giants torn Acl L Giants.


Yeah. Yeah. And now come into the Cols. Maybe. Maybe that's a good deal. Oh, sounds like you like it. I have seven and a half. What'd you have? We're on, we're on par here. Seven and a half for me too. And it's seven and a half and minus one 10 both ways. Not a lot of cold section. These are all right. We're So you're still up plus two on me, but we've nailed the last couple. Okay. This one was a hard one. Jacksonville third place schedule West and West four and 13 last year. You know, I, I don't know what this team does. I don't understand it. You like they waive Christian Kirk and then just sign another receiver for the money and now they're paying two re two fine receivers.


A double salary basically Excited about the Brown. Yeah. I'm not fifth pick in the draft. Right. Could be gte, could be Tyler Warren. Everybody likes him as like an awesome tight end. They just keep throwing resources at the receiver position. It never happens. But I was, I was between five and a half and six and a half for this. Oh. New coach was the big thing for me and I went six and a half. What'd you have? Did I go too high with seven and a half? I just feel like all these teams are the same. You did not go too high. Seven and a half. Whoa. You could quit that Chilling Me. You wanna cash out? Hit the cash out button.


Is there a bet back? What's that bet back thing? Fandel Hass? Not, is it seven and a half minus one 30. So action on the Jaguars. What am I missing on Top? Yeah, What are we missing? I dunno. Just bad Division, bad di bad division. Bad owner though too. Like that's why you can't ever take them. Like it doesn't ever seem to work out for them injuries or anything. Hmm. But I thought they were about the same as the cults. I mean they shouldn't be that much less in the cults. Our agent James baby doll Dixon. Yeah. Baby likes to wish luck from people w wish luck to some people from time to time. Some people recently got some luck. Oh Yeah, some. Yeah. There's some people in the Hollywood industry, it might, might have been phased out their jobs.


There was Luck was wished by James baby Doll Dixon. I wish a lot. I wish everyone a lot of luck going over Jacksonville minus seven and a half. I'm just telling you right now. That's insane. Yeah, I don't see it at all. You really have to believe this is the year with Lawrence. It's like, it's now year six. Like Yeah. I'm not saying it's not gonna happen with him, but I'm not betting that scenario. Right. I don't like it either. But you know, it, it all ends up being like, they come up with a number of how many games they'll be favored in. Right. And so that's probably it. Playing that garbage division. They'll be favored in every home game and they'll be favored against you. Least, Least a couple NFC West Teams. At least two of the home games.


Yeah. One of them. Yeah. Okay. Tennessee three and 14 last year. West and West Fourth play schedule. Cam Ward. We're assuming they take him first. Yeah. I don't know their offensive line situation if it's much better than it was last year. I I, I was trying to think, is this, is this the safest bet to be the worst team in the league in the a ffc next year, Tennessee? Is there any team you like less? No. And I don't know why I put this at five and a half. I think I regret that because they, they could make it nice and easy and well, I don't, I don't want to sway you, but did you go lower? No, I, I had, so initially I penciled in five and a half and then after I did all the divisions for the A FC and I was like, man, who's the worst team?


Like there's gonna, we see this every year. There's a four and a half, there's a three and a half and there's none of those in the a FC that I had. And I, so I ended up with a four and a half. So we'll see the answer is five and a half. Wow. Okay. You nailed me again. This is, this is my new thing. Jesus. This is my jam. Let's just do, keep doing this every week. Not only is it five and a half, it's up to minus one 30. I wouldn't go over on that at all. So if you're doing that, you're expecting Cam word to get drafted and be good right away. Right. And you're gonna say like, rookie Cam Ward is significantly better than Will Levis. Which it's not inconceivable. No, I I'm still having nightmares of that game.


One bet against Caleb Williams who was supposed to be the rookie. I bet Will Levis, they had a giant lead on the Bears and then Will Levis is throwing passes from his ass and Right. Staring at pick six is It's just a, it's just not my favorite with that, with you is when you then get mad at will Levis, like this was his fault. Like you bett on him. Yeah. It's like, I can't believe this will Levi, it's like you can't No science at all. Threw he bites. He threw the bed today, Threw the game. He threw the game. If we were to write down three games that players threw quote, whatever. I know Fando we're not getting in trouble. That that's The one felt like what it would've looked like if somebody actually Yeah, yeah. I see what you're Saying. Right. If you had to have made a, make a movie about it, that's what it would look like.


Yeah. Well here's the thing. We only had the jets at five and a half Cleveland at five and a half and Tennessee at five and a half. So far we have no four and a halfs. So one of those three will be at four and a half by like June or July because that's just how this shit goes. That's right. That's fair. So just to recap, east 33 winds North 35, south 30. Hmm. Okay. Going to the A FC West, which might be good for all we know Kansas City 15 and two last year playing the a FC South in the NFC East.


So you're talking giants are gonna suck three of those. A FC south teams might suck. Houston might not be very good. Sorry, your Dallas team might not be very good and Washington and Philly would be the two hard games out of those eight. But they'll have the first place schedule. They're gonna be in all the night games. But that's about as good of a di Is there a better division draw than the a FC South? NFC East, maybe West N Ffc. West's FFC South. That's, that's pretty, Pretty good. I think those would be two three. Three. I want think one of the teams has both south. I think that's in the NFC, but we'll, one of the divisions. But So I went, I went 12 and a half for this. That's what I did. Okay. And I, I wonder if it's even light.


Tell me what it is. It's light. It's 11 and a half. That's wrong. That's very weird. Do your spiel. Just do it. You do it every year. Well just the bet chiefs at six to one bet Mahomes six To one. Just do do all them. Well what's, well, first of all, like everything you say, they go through it. They had 15 freaking wins last year. Yeah. Every year they have a first play schedule every year. They possibly play the first Thursday night game every year they're gonna play on Christmas every year they're gonna have six primetime games. Right. And they end up with 13, 14, 15 wins. How do you make this 11 and a half? They won the division by four games last year. All right. The Chargers might be a little better.


Raiders a tiny bit better. Is Denver gonna be better? I I I'm I'm all in on over 11 and a half. That's, that is embarrassing. That's boarding material. So Super Bowl seven to one for them. Mahomes eight to one MVP. Yeah. At the Mahomes layaway. MVP bet plan. Was that your idea? Or houses? I can't remember. I mean it's, I'm I'm not gonna, it's just so it should be out there for everybody. I, yeah. I just do It just, I bet that every year and they'll win three outta five times. Yeah. The KCD like a cd, like a a, a savings, but, but yeah, that's right. You're not gonna wait seven or eight years to cash in on those Or Chiefs plus 360 to win the conference.


Just do it. Just do it every year. You win three outta the four years and you're getting incredible multiples on your, on your wages. And they had a decent offseason with the free agents. They lost Tooney, but they, you know, they got Nick Bolt, they, you know, extended Bolton. J one Moore, Tre Smith, they franchise tag. They're gonna be fine. I'm marking that one down. I feel like that's 11 and a half. That's 11 and a half for what, another week. Come on. Yeah. What are we doing? Chargers 11 and six second place Schedule a FC South NFC East. And I dunno, they lost some guys now some guys weren't playing full seasons for them.


Right. The wide receiver room. We'll see what they do in the draft running back. I don't know, there's some scope position stuff. Last year, easy schedule overachieved didn't, the season did not end great and, and yet I felt like it's gonna be 10 and a half 'cause of Harbaugh and Herbert. Oh, what'd you have? Wow. I had nine and a half. I don't know. Okay. I think that's tough. And you hit it again. You're up four. Wow. Jesus. Look at this. Look at this. Nine and a half. 10 and a half, huh? If the chiefs are 11 and a half and you thought, I don't know, there's still the chargers, remember?


Right. The, so my thinking was the har the Harbaugh year two with he, they weren't supposed to be as good as they were last year, but they were able to, on the fly, add some dudes, make some and now like one more free agency in draft. Could the arrow be pointing up? But Vegas is saying no, I don't wanna screw anything up, but I know some Chargers people, they like the tight end out of Michigan, Loveland. Oh, okay. There you go. That could be a nice little thing for them. Denver was 10 and seven last year playing a third place schedule because the Chargers passed them. That's helpful. Right. And we have them a FC South, NFC East. I went eight and a half. Where'd you go? Yeah, I'm right there with you.


Eight and a half. It's gotta be and a half. Okay. It's eight and a half. Yeah. Minus 1 0 5. So just a whiff of action on that one toward the under. And then last but not least, this one's a hard one. The Las Vegas Raiders to get Gino Smith and they got rid of our guy Antonio Pierce. Yeah. Who I don't feel like is probably getting hired anytime soon for another head gig. Just be, would be my guess. And they replaced him with a pumpkin and Jack P. Carroll. Right. Lot of gum chewing. Max Crosby gets extended Fourth place schedule plus a FC South plus NFC East.


And by your theory, you think at least in the home games, they might be favored like five times. Yeah, I went five and a half. Oh, I went a little higher. There were six and a half last year. I think They may perceive this Gino Smith thing as an upgrade, even though they didn't have, they only have four ones. I said six and a half. And you nailed it. Exactly. And not only did you nail it minus one 30. Now action on the Raiders. I should have seen that one. Interesting. You're killing me. You beat me by five. So this is the, I'm firing all my scouts and my, all my helpers. Exactly. And I I gotta re Sorry sir. I don't dunno why I'm just off left and right or here's the thing.


Maybe I'm not off. Maybe we'll look back in in December and be like, oh, Simmons's first instinct. Maybe we should have. Well, That's what you should do. You should, you should mark your biggest differences and say I'm doing it. That's, that's gonna be, so 36 wins for that division. That's the tops. That's more than the a FC North projected. See it? 36 For the West. I don't see, And by the way, God bless Pete Carroll, but he's in his mid seventies. Yeah. Gino Smith, 34 years old. I'm not sure if they offensive line, would you even go c plus on the offensive line, Bowers? We like, yeah. But there was a lot of work left with that team. There's still fourth best in the division and there's still two games behind Denver according to this.


So I mean, they just drew the short straw with that division is the big issue. Yeah. Right. Six games relocated. All those games are gonna stink. All right, one more break and then we'll do the NFC.


This episode is brought to you by MICHELOB ULTRA. MICHELOB ULTRA. A superior LIGHT BEER in the ultimate trophy. Win or lose. You're bound to enjoy the ride with a good beer in hand. MICHELOB ULTRA crisp, refreshing only 95 calories, a superior LIGHT BEER. No matter the game sporter, season superior is worth playing for. So sign up for ultra courtside at MICHELOB ULTRA dot com slash courtside and you can enjoy some of these games with a nice beer in your hand. ENJOY RESPONSIBLY copyright 2025 Anheuser-Busch MICHELOB ULTRA Registered LIGHT BEER St. LOUIS, Missouri Must be 21 plus to order alcohol, alcohol available only in select markets.


This episode is brought to by Intuit TurboTax. Taxes was waiting and wondering, worrying. It's almost like how in the old days of fantasy football, we used to have to tally the scores on a Monday and then the commissioner would just mail them out to everybody and you'd wait three days to see if you won. Those were the old ways of doing it. Now. Taxes is matching with a TurboTax Live full service expert who gives your taxes their undivided attention. They can file your taxes as soon as today. And while they do, you get real time updates on their progress. Meaning you can get back to what's important. The game. Now this is taxes. Intuit TurboTax. Get an expert now on turbotax.com.


Alright. During that commercial break, I, I licked my wounds. I fired two people and, and try trying to come back. There's only 16 teams left and you're up five. You know, duke, you found your calling, you found the perfect game and You're shooting, what was his name? Duke was in your corner and he almost didn't let you out for the seventh round here. And you're like, no, no, no. Don't you dare throw that towel in, but all right, let's see what you got. Just Think it's a damn show. Thinks it's a damn fight. Philadelphia are defending Super Bowl champions. I know. That kills you just to hear those words. Ugh, disgusting. And guess what, they have endless amounts of money to just, I know they lost some starters.


They didn't lose any of like their best eight or nine Guys. Oh, they do. Man, it doesn't make sense. I don't get it. I don't care. I I get people, you know, I have smart people telling me, oh, just follow the money. It is like, no, I don't it just Roll. Just roll it over and just keep rolling it over and the bills do eventually. Okay, cool. Creative Accounting. It's what the Niners did. Yeah. Yeah. Just I know it's sour grapes, but whatever. Yeah, they're paying 50 million a year for the qb. 57 million for the two receivers. Yeah. And now 12 million a year for Saquon Barkley. Somehow that's all legal under the cap. They've Jay Carter coming. They paid Bond who's like, oh yeah. Oh my God. Somebody's gonna grab him. Nope. They kept him. Yeah, but I, I get the model because you have to just keep nailing the draft.


You let the veterans go and you move those draft picks, you move in and it makes sense. It's just, it's just weird. But when the salary cap goes up 30 million every year, I just can't believe any team can afford two primetime receivers and a quarterback. The receiver thing. Yeah. The Cowboys did that. I can't believe that they would be 90 million over the cap. Like we, we, we just wanna pay three guys and we can't do it. So. Right. But but maybe you can pay the three guys. Maybe that's the lesson You pay Parsons Lamb and Dak and everybody else could pay three guys. Why can't you pay three guys? Yeah. Just draft Georgia offensive lineman and defensive tackles and in two, three years they'll all work out. We'll be fine. We'll, they'll dominate. What was your reaction to the whatever was going on on the social media the last 24 hours with the guy claiming that Dak might get traded to the Cleveland Browns?


I know you saw just ignored It. I ignored it. I, I, you know, can't Even figure out how that would work. Well, you know, it's like, you know when we have friends telling us, you gotta bet this, you gotta bet this. And depending on the friend, you're like, no, I'm gonna stay away. That's kind of how I was with this rumor mill. Like I, whoever was passing it along, I was like, oh, that guy has credibility. This is dumb. But yeah, that, So the thing would be you would take de Deshaun's contract and trade DT even wanna and just get killed for a year. But you would then be able to reset your co I don't even get, but Now you wouldn't have a quarterback. They would, they would have, don't get it to lead Jerry off in handcuffs. A straight jack. The, the, the guys at the White Coast would just have to take him away at that point.


He's like, I've traded Dak Prescott for Deshaun and a future second round pick and I'm going to become a professional actor. Right, Exactly. Taylor Sheridan is building a new show around me as an aging NFL owner who's lost his mind. Take three, three cheerleaders of your choice too. I'm outta here. Whatever you want. Yeah. Philadelphia 14 and three last year. Yikes. That's not true, is it? Yeah. Playing the N-F-C-N-F-C north in the a FC West. That's pretty hard. Yeah. So your easiest games are Vegas and Chicago. Out of those eight. God, I love that. Not to mention first play schedule. They're playing Thursday the first game of the year.


Not to mention no one ever wins this division two years in a row. I'm just not allowed. I I, I really wanted to go 12 and a half and I couldn't do it. And I'm an 11 and a half. That's where I'm, it's gotta be 11 and a half And it's 11 and a half. This is the best even money, both ways. I can't, I swear I'm not cheating. Philly minus 1 1 65 to win the division by the way. Oh, just for the record, since we did the A FC ones. KCS minus one 50 Texans plus one 40 Baltimore minus 1 35 and the bills are minus two 10. Those are new too. Those divisions weren't up till today either.


That's great. Oh really? Yeah. That's great. No, they just had conference in and Super Bowl Pat's plus six 50. Yeah. Beal plus one 90. So it looks like the opportunity would be the A FC South. If you can talk yourself into the cults of plus two 90 and I'm not sure I wanna talk myself, that's where they're plus two 90, I Dunno, what'd you say? Texans were one 60 minus Texans are plus one 40 Jags or plus two 50 Plus one 40 Texans. Oh Yeah. I like the Texans. We can't bet the Souths. Come on, let's not do it. And then Chargers plus three 30 and Broncos plus four 90.


Raiders 12 to one. If you wanna get excited about that for your division. Well I'll, let's do the over runners first. Alright, coming back. So we have Washington 12 and five last year. I forgot they won that many games. I knew they were a playoff team but geez, Shit, That's an unbelievable record. The Pats got 12 and five. I lose my mind. They were over under was six and a half and they won 12 games. Oh yeah. They almost doubled it. Yep. Second place schedule NFC North a FC West. I battled between nine and a half and 10 and a half for this and I went 10 and a half. All right. I upped it from nine and a half to 10. So I have 10.


You have 10 and a half Motherfucker. Nine and a half. Really? Wow. Wow. No trust. Little action on the under too. Minus one 20 under. Do you think they're spending Interesting, you think they're in a dumb way here? Like does you know like they give Ertz and Deebo. I don't. Is he gonna make a Dnce Laramie tonsil? Like I feel like they, Houston gave him up too easily. Maybe there's something there more than Bobby Wagner some, some of these signings kin law. I don't know. How is this team's three wins worse if Daniels is healthy, let's say, let's say he plays the whole year.


How would it, how would they not be a 10 win team? Oh three Worst The team was. 'cause they won 12. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. They won 12 and they won in the playoffs and now, now nine and a half is they're over under. That seems weird to me. I think they're anticipating the schedule is gonna be harder, but that's kind of nuts. I wonder if they look at like point differential from last year. Like were those really, was that really a 12 one year or was it you know, A also really good coaching staff? Yep. Nobody left. They kept everybody. That's a weird one. I'm gonna mark that one down. So plus 100 over nine and a half wins for them right now. The Cowboys.


Did you go eight, nine or seven and 10 last year? What did we decide? You try to get me an extra win? They were, they were seven and 10. Disgusting. Seven and 10 playing the NFC north in the A FC West in Philly and Washington four times. And that was enough for me to go Seven and a half. Oh I bumped it to eight. I figured this is a team that won 12 games three years in a row. They fell apart last year. This is America's team. They got, they can't give everyone free money. I have eight, what is It? Seven and a half. Here comes the comeback baby. I'm back down to minus five. Wow. Seven and a half and plus 100 on the over. Oh that's so I like the end.


That's So embarrassing man. That is a bad, Why are you guys gonna be good? What are, what's the case? Just Zach being healthy. 'cause we Was selectively aggressive during the, the free agent period. We extended ossa. We got Fowler, a guy 10 and a half sacks last year Backs. What does selectively aggressive mean? Is that even have never heard that phrase in my life. I'm telling you exactly what it is. You signed Javante Williams and Miles Sanders. You get your your punt. Not only your punter, your punt returner and your long snapper tied up. You get that? We're good. Seven and a half. Wow. Might have to bring baby doll back in to wish you a lot of luck. Wow. Yeah. This is a 12 year team. Two years ago, the 12 one team.


They're not gonna win the Super Bowl in the 2000 twenties, which will mean that's fine. Three straight Super Bowl list decades for you. But at least you have Juan Soto. How dare you. How dare you. You have one Soto, I'm, I'm praising you. We're in the Mets day opening day of the season today. Juan Soto's gonna be the Cowboys quarterback in like three years. You'll see Three New York Giants three and 14 last year. Tough division plus NFC North A FC West. And they're paying Russell Wilson and Jamis Winston for some reason. Why not pick, right. That's a, that's A fun port. Why not pick one of those guys? Yeah. They Gotta get hard knocks back in New York. I know Joe Shane's gonna lock his door.


He's not gonna let anybody in. But they have that, that quarterback room with Jamis Russ and Tommy DeVito. What? Laughs And that's before they even throw any pick sixes. What did they possibly see from Russell Wilson in the last six games of the season with the Steelers to think he's anything more than like a $5 million quarterback? I do not understand it. What is the, what's the game plan for that? And you have Jameis who's I, I would probably rather have Jameis at gunpoint. Wouldn't really wanna eat in of them. Sure. Who would you rather have Jamus or Russell Wilson Coin Flip? No, I no reason to pay 10 million To paying one guy 4 million and the other guy like 20. Yeah, I like it.


This was my favorite cowboy signing the free agency Russell Wilson to the Giants. It was, it was the best. I mean honestly like So You were selectively aggressive at cheering for it. Well, we're not getting 2015 Russell Wilson, he doesn't run. He's bad in the pocket. If that offensive line was anything like it was with Daniel Jones, it's gonna be a disaster for him. Right. It went bad for him in Seattle. Near the end. He went to Denver. It went so bad that they paid him to go away and then went to the Steelers who completely quit on everybody in the last four weeks of the season. And Now you have Dave Ball and Shane basically trying to save their jobs, telling us we don't wanna take a rookie quarterback three because we won't be here when he starts being good.


Right. And now that's Wilson versus Russell is Wilson versus Winston's nuts. But I'm the other way. I'm like, why even keep day ball around? 'cause you're not gonna win with this team. And this is gonna be his last year. Right? This, this Russell Wilson thingy. I mean, they're a mess. They offer Darius slate more money than they did Saquon. What was that? Yeah, I picked a four and a half for this. I think this is gonna be our first four or three. I'm gonna say five. I don't even know why, but, Okay. Five and a half you win again. Is it really? Yeah. Okay. I might wanna book that five and a half from people.


Yeah, that's a disaster. What's the division odds? Division Odds Giants 20 to one. Is that the biggest one we've had so far? Oh, Cleveland's 23 to one Dallas, seven to one Washington plus two 50 Eagles minus 1 65. I like, don't mind that Washington, total Washington Washington's a play. Yeah, I don't mind that one at all. Okay. NFC North, just looking So, so the NFC East 34 wins. A FC East 33. Huh? I don't know about that. I don't agree with that Giants number at all. I, In fact, I'm gonna make my first like market down prediction. I think that's four and a half by the summer. Right?


I don't think that stays there. Detroit, Can I tell a quick story being, being in Vegas. So I bet the Giants have the worst record in the league last year and they were three and 14, right? But it tied with three other teams. So it's a four way split. So I go to cashless, I don't have to say what casino this is, but I go to cash it in. So I should, you know, I was about to win $1,300. So if you split it four ways, I win 300 and change. So I presented to the counter, it's a miracle. I'm cashing a future ticket from last year, right? And the guy's like, Nope, this is a loser. I was like, well how is this a loser? I pull up on my phone, there's four teams with three, with three wins. Then he brings this guy over. He couldn't have been older than 19 years old.


He's got this thing that resembles a phone that he is looking into. The Giants lose on a tiebreaker to the Browns. And he lists six Tiebreaking scenarios and they lost on the six tie. I was like, wait a minute, isn't this dead Heat rules? And I was like, no, we don't do Teddy, sir. This is how we do it. And you lost on the sixth tiebreaker. I'm like, all right. I don't even know what you're looking into by the way. You could be, you know, you could be, I'm not sure what you could be, but, and I hate when they're indignant about it. Like, yeah, like TSA is like when you fly from, and they're like, you have to take your laptop out. Like, all right, well I just flew in from Fort Worth and I didn't have to. Right? And they're like, they're so dickish about it. But anyway, I lost because of the sixth tiebreaker.


That feels like fraud. I know. It's like all this rooting I did for nothing. Kind of wish you would name the casino, but, all right. Certain. That's unbelievable. Yeah. NFC North Detroit 15 and two last year, that's not happening again. Hmm. They do play the NFC East and the A FC North. So Giants, that's an easy game. Maybe your team's easy Steelers. Brown's easy. Maybe Steelers are easy if they don't get a quarterback. A lot of trouble with this. I'm gonna say 11 and a half. That's what I have. 11 and a half.


Okay. Is it higher? It is 10 and a half. That's bad. That's wrong. Well, I'll tell you this much. There's, there's action on the under of all things. Wow. Minus Mark. This one Minus one 40 under 10 and a half. That is, I'm sorry. Crazy. That's wrong. This team had the year from hell. Injury wise, you're not gonna find a worse like example of like a a, a team that was plagued with injuries and they won 15 games and now you're taking four and a half games off their total. They can get their whole defense back. I know the division's tough, Tougher. They lost both coordinators.


Yeah. That's not nothing. Right? They they had a horrible end to the season. Yep. And they lose the Detroit lines. See your team. Four and a half wins. They replaced them though. They replaced them with a cornerback. Everybody likes They did. Yeah. I don't know. DJ re and we haven't seen the draft yet. I, I like the over, I'm saying I like the over Why is that four and a half different? Like, Minnesota's not gonna win 14 games so they'll Right. Like I don't, I don't even know that the division's better. So you would bet the Lions plus one 20 at over 10 and half right now. Oh God. Yeah. 11 and six. I really like that one too. I almost, that line's so suspicious.


I almost feel like we don't know something. Right? Like what do they know that we don't know that Dan Campbell bit. Okay. All the knee caps off. There's none left. Damn Campbell. Dan Campbell has been deranged all off season. Minnesota was 14 and three last year. This is so Hard. And they changed their quarterback from the great Sam Darn to JJ McCarthy who we have not seen play NFL yet. Top for schedules second place. I, I can't, this is the low biggest drop off. 14 and three, but I, I want nine and a half for them. I don't see how it can be in the tens. I want eight and a half.


I think this is an impossible one to pick. I think nine and eight would be good for them. You motherfucker. Is it eight and a half? Yes. That is plus one 15 right now. You're really good at this. Guessing the over unders your final destiny. This is it. You found the gi, you found the gimmick. We've been podcasting since oh seven. Thank you. You figured it out. Unbelievable. I did it. You're gonna have to pull me into ND. You've already, I think you've clinched, I I think I'd have to like get all the rest ones just to tie you. That's It. What a, what a beating this was. Yeah, so that is a full fledge. We don't trust JJ McCarthy number's.


So So that's the biggest drop Off. Five and a half from 14. Eight and a half. Yeah. Five and a half drop off. And JJ McCarthy might be good. Right? Right. Vikings. Dare I say a little nobody believes in us. There's still some Aaron Rogers If he wants to off 14 to three last year. A lot of the guys are still in this locker room. They went in 14 and three. Yeah. All right. Green Bay. They went 11 and six last year. Third place schedule. And I'll probably regret this, but I went nine and a half. I did think about about Half it's and a half. Okay. It's gotta be nine and a half And it's nine and a half, but plus one 15 on the over. So they're minus 1 35 on the under.


I think That's just right for them. Yeah. So division odds now Detroit plus one 10 Green Bay plus two 50 Bears plus four 50 and Minnesota with the worst odds of anyone at plus five 50. But I should have done that before we did, after we did the bears. Right. Well Now you're gonna, you can maybe lock in there. Maybe I can cheat. Well I had eight and a half for them anyway. They're five and 12 last year. NF Cs they FFC north. They spent a lot of money in the lines. They're gonna have a high draft pick and with the way the division's kind of fallen back to them a little bit.


Right. It seems like an eight and a half. What'd you, you have? I went nine only 'cause it was nine last year. Right? Like wasn't that weird? Remember we were betting them not to make the playoff. Do we bet them under nine or do we bet them not to make the playoffs? I feel like they're in love with the bears. The fans are in love with the bears. I know they fixed that offensive line. I have nine. It is eight and a half. Okay. Plus one 20 for the over on that one. Hmm. Not touching that. That dunno if I would not touching. Great. Yeah. But that is a, that is a stay a away. Okay. Yeah. So 19 let's roll and 18. So that's 37 wins. Is that the most?


That's the most for any division? Yeah.


This episode is brought to by LinkedIn during the season, every baseball team plays 162 games. It's a true test of endurance. It's not enough to have a hot month or two. You need sustained dominance throughout. Well the same is true for your small business. It's not enough to have a great Q2, even a great year. You want year over year growth that starts with better hires. That'll be there for the long haul to find those hires. Use LinkedIn. LinkedIn has strong hiring data and insights that you won't find anywhere else to help pair you with the best candidates from unique skills and interests to the connections you have in common. Based on LinkedIn data, 72% of small businesses say that LinkedIn helps them find high quality talent. LinkedIn also lets you go beyond people who are actively applying in a given week. 171 million LinkedIn members aren't actively seeking jobs, but they are open to new opportunities. That's a big pool to miss out on. If you're not hiring with LinkedIn, find your next great hire on LinkedIn. Post your job for free at LinkedIn dot com slash simmons. That's LinkedIn dot com slash simmons to post your job for free terms and conditions apply.


This episode is brought to by Emirates. We all love the thought of a vacation to Europe, but have you ever thought about looking a little further like Dubai? A city everyone talks about has absolutely everything you could want from a vacation destination, from world class hotels, record breaking skyscrapers and epic desert adventures to museums that showcase the future, not just the past. Choose from 96 flights per week between the United States and Dubai. Book your flights on emirates.com today.


This episode is brought to you by Cintas. Just like with sports, business is all about the next play. And Cintas can help you keep a step ahead. Cintas has dedicated service reps who help make sure your team has what they need when they need it. With a Cintas Apparel Plus program, your team can get work clothes for almost any job imaginable. Washed and delivered back to you every week. Cintas also delivers restroom products and cleaning supplies. They even provide first aid supplies, safety training and AEDs as well as inspecting and testing your fire protection systems. Visit cintas.com C-I-N-T-A s.com and get ready for the workday.


Two more. NFC South Tampa Bay 10 and seven. Feel good story playing the NFC West and the A FC East. So potentially I I I don't really love anybody in the NFC West and we might not love three of the four teams in the a FFC East. So this is a nice little scenario for you. They make Get a break. Yeah. For the south and then, you know, they're bringing their receivers back. Bringing the team back. It felt like a nine and a half to me Sal. Oh really? Yeah. Oh. I don't think you can make any of these teams over eight and a half. Okay. That's what I did. And you were correct.


Eight and a half. Oh Yeah, you should. This is like, This is embarrassing for you. This, I'm at the stage now where I'm bringing in the shortstop to pitch the night thing. He's throwing his knuckle ball. I mean this could be a, just a giant Bill Simmons meme for 90 minutes. This is great. It's, I'm, I'm gonna make the Walton Goggins finding out that his, his friend had sex with everyone. Thailand face minus 1 25 action for the bucks. FYI Can't do it. No south. No south talk till week 12. New Orleans. Oh no not New Orleans. Atlanta is next. So they're playing a second place schedule plus the NFC west plus the A FC East and they went eight and nine last year.


Full year of pennix. I put eight, eight and a half for these guys. Little wiz is a weird offseason already. I just went eight. Okay. I don't know why you keep doing the round numbers, but I'm not gonna question your process since you're beating me by 16th. Seven and a half is our answer. Okay. Wow. You won that one too. So motherfucker. Yeah, I mean that's just so much is up in the air with his cousins and they lose Their center. I was, was feeling so good after my 27 and five and now I'm in shambles. No, you're good. Such a good Year. Last year that I lose the Super Bowl, I get killed Casey and now I'm now my whole that thing's falling apart. Listen, I can, Maybe they under should Be me. I think I've dropped by five wins.


This doesn't matter. You, you pick the winners 27 times. Just picking the number. This matters to me. I dunno what the hell to do. I don't know what to do with the number I care about dumb shit like this so it matters. Right. New Orleans, God are they gonna be terrible? Five and 12 NFC West a FC East and the third place schedule. And they're in Cappel. They brought back Carr with this weird, well we're screwed anyway. How about we'll guarantee your money. They have the ninth pick and the draft. Yeah. Brandon Coach, new Cooks Jwan Johnson. Same name. It's brutal names. It's yeah, New coach. But they had like the last pick of the coaches.


It was like they went to go get a dog from the kennel and every other choice was gone and they're like, we have this one left. Any interest? I went, I went five and a half and it might be a win too high. That went round number 'cause I couldn't think about it too much. Six for me. Yeah, you hit it again. Really? I didn't do you doing this round number thing is bullshit. There's been no round numbers the whole time. Fandel has round Numbers. You're just, you're I I'm just trying to do this correctly. Can't Believe it. You should try harder. This is like the most you've ever cheated. There are round, round numbers. I looked last Year. It's pick five and a half or six and a half. So I was like, I'll just take six and I, it's like price is right. You're just gaming The system.


I sent you all the numbers from last year. You could have noticed that there weren't halfs on several of Them. Well there it's six and a half this time. We haven't had a round number yet. Wait, is it six and a half or six? Yeah, It's six and a half. You won. Oh because you picked six 'cause you cheated. Oh okay. Oh I see. And then last one is Carolina five and 12 last year. Somehow I still can't believe I didn't win my, when I was in Boston that time. And I bet the adjusted under four and a half wins for them and somehow Bryce Young came in and just Oh yeah. Smoked it crazy. They ended up with five wins. I lost I I still, and the other one was the adjusted under on the Pats three and a half and, and Joe Milton came in at the end.


Joe Milton. Yeah. He's gonna be a cowboy. Joe Milton the, the next day worst quarterback. Anyway, he came in by the way, that Was nuts. We don't think about that enough that Andy Dalton was, you know, totally content to bring them to another three and 14 year. Right then at car accident. Get To that car accident. You should see if you're covered, your auto insurance covers that bet. Like if you do you have to pay the deductible. I won't try to find out at the casino you went to. Yeah, I went five and a half for the Panthers. I did too. Okay. The answer is six and a half. Jesus. No, what the hell? What are we doing? Come on. Don't Agree with that at all.


Why are they better than five ones last year? Holy moly. Where Do they pick up this extra two games Divisions. Tampa plus 1 35 Atlanta plus two 30 New Orleans plus four 80 and Carolina Action started out in the four slot, but now they're plus four 10 people are banging the Panthers. What am I missing? We may have to do that but no South talk. Hey, what was your bet last year for the south? They'd have fewer than how many wins? Three. We, one of our locks that we hit was that they would have less than 30 wins. Yeah. Which they did. And then we had an NFC East first, first South bet. I think just the top two teams in the NFC used to almost beat the entire NNFC Beat up.


Just Beat up. Yeah. So it's 29 this year. If you add the seven and a half, eight and a half, six and a half. Six and a half. It's 13 and 1629 Hit it Again. I gotta be honest, we've done 28 teams. I think my single favorite is New Orleans under six and a half so far. Is it? Why are they gonna be good? What, what is good about them? What's the case? They're old, they're messy. They came out the great start last year they were two and oh scored like a hundred points and then, then they were the saints. Like If were Justin Reed and Nice, if were you gonna have the worst record in the league next year, they would at least be one of the teams we batted around. Yeah, I think that's smart. NFC West, they're playing the NFC South in the A FC South.


Which that's the best draw, right? I thought the NFC West. Yeah, that's the best draw. I thought the NFC West was probably gonna suck this year, but that made me rethink it. The Rams are in the one spot with the schedule. They were 10 and seven last year and, and first place schedule on the one hand, but then playing the south kind of messed with my head a little bit. I went, I went 10 and a half for them. Oh wow. I went nine. So let's see. I know you don't like the round numbers. Nine and a half. That's me. Minus 1 45. Listen, I think, I think this is gonna be ultimately good for me because I think my instincts Will be You don't like them this Year.


The correct instincts. I do. I like them because of their schedule and because I don't think their division's gonna be good. Yeah. Do you like Arizona, San Francisco or Seattle this year? No, after the Super Bowl I picked my way too early team. Odds wise, value wise, the Rams were 20 to one. I was like wow, that's pretty good. They were a couple plays away from beating the Champion Eagles. And then they did a smart thing. Signed Stafford. Awesome. I think Devonte Adams as Juice left. Flipped cup into Adam. Yeah. Yeah. It's good. They're in good shape. I think nine and a half is is a nice number too. Yeah, I mean one of the great things about this process is, especially after the draft and when we get to the summer, I'm sure we'll flip flop on a bunch of these instincts.


But I, I just think the Rams best coach, they've had Success Stafford's kind of near the end like this seems like a pretty good division bet type of thing for me. Seattle, they were 10 and seven last year. Same south first south second place schedule. And I went eight and a half for them. I said seven and a half. I hit this one. Eight and a half. Really? Yeah. I really You won one. I did Really? I won one. I'm gonna, I'm remembering all of this for Guest Alliance this year. I don't like these moves. These could go very badly with Sam Donald and Cooper Cup.


I don't know. I didn't like the Cooper Cup signing at all. There was so many bad stats about him getting open over the last five years in 2020. He was open 90% of the time and it was down like 14. The thing with Donald though, he was 14 and three last year. I Know. So now he's an eight win quarterback. That's the only thing that makes me nervous. But I wanna see if they fixed our offensive line completely through the draft. We'll see Arizona nine Receivers too. Yep. No, no. Gene Gino, no. Metcalf. Yeah. Arizona was eight, nine last year. And if Seattle's eight and a half with this south south thing. I think they, I think Arizona has to be eight and a half. So that's what I picked. Yeah. Maybe you'll beat me here.


I said seven Seven. Another round number bullshit. It's Higher. Eight and a half. That's plus 1 0 5. Well, at least I'm ending in a way with my fans. Can at least have some. Yeah, I might, I'm gonna let you win these last couple. You took out your starters. Yeah. You like Buffalo in week 17 letting Joe Milton let you up plus 1 0 5. And then last but not least, San Francisco, who lost so many people. It's like a whole paragraph of all the people they lost so tough. And yet they were six and 11 last year. That was the rebuilding year. But now they're in a rebuilding year and they're gonna have to pay Purdy. But they're playing the south and the south. I said six and a half.


What'd you have? Oh Wow. At eight and a half. Okay. Wow. This is the biggest disparity we've had. It's gotta be my way. Right. How is this right? Right. 10 and a half. That's too high. That's way, way High. What in the hell? What am I missing? I think I, you know, you read enough about 'em and it's like, yeah, these, these were good moves. These were good cuts. Debo, Samuel, all these cut everything. They did green law. I, I don't know. I I don't, It can't be 10 and a half. I thought this is like a blow it upper building year for them. Wait, so They're favored to win the division, Not the Rams.


I'll tell you right now. I'm stunned by that. Yeah. San Francisco plus 1 55 Rams plus 180 Seahawks plus four 90 Cardinals plus 500. Wow. So I have to bet this now if I was four wins off, even though we don't know what's happening in the draft, that has to be an automatic bet for me. Yeah. That's atrocious. That's not Good. I'm stunned. That's not good. We gotta go under there Also. Like how do we know McCaffrey's even gonna be remotely where he was. Right. Exactly. That's the way to go. Holy. Yeah. I don't know why. That was really fun. That was a good time. And they have Mack Jones though. Did you mention that? They did sign him for two years. I forgot to mention M Jones.


The MVP is Lamar plus four 50 Allen plus five 50 Borough plus 600. So the Niners are probably like Seven. Jim Daniels Seventh best to win the Super Bowl. Like what the, I hope that's not true for the conference. They had the third best odds. Nine to one. What am I missing? Come on. What's happening? Go back. I think it's way more like when they have a year from hell again and Shanahan is like out of there. I missed the whole off season. I really do. I I was there for the whole off season. I didn't see anything that made me think that they were gonna be awesome. I thought they lost that shitload of people. I mean, do we feel like they hit their drafts the last couple years? Like, you know, they're trying to trade IU as we speak and I don't even think they can do that.


Nobody wants to support coming off an a c Yeah, they were were they were riding high off the purdy not having to pay him. Now it's, I gotta look into that. We're missing something. Let's do a quick parent corner before we go. All right. My son Archie's home on spring break, they do quarters. So he gets home and I say like, how are your grades? And he look kind of like half asses a response and everything and immediately shifts gears and tells me he's on season four of the Sopranos. And I was like, oh, that's great. That's better. You could have told me you're, you're your mafia cum laude right now. I mean that, that's all I care about. That's what college should be all about.


Right? You spend tens of thousands dollars a semester to catch up on classic TV shows in your dorm. And that's like Reading a great novel. Yeah, it really is. So I was like, well, sorry, so you're in season four, you got like a season and a half. I was like, I wanna watch the finale with you. And he is like, oh, I don't know. Once I get going, I really, I, I don't know, am I really gonna be able to stop short and not watch the finale for like a month? I'm like, no, I wanna watch with you. And it's like, he's like, all right, I'll try. But it made me think like if you had to watch a finale with your kids who are viewing for the first time, which ones would you put up there? Sopranos. Only Sopranos. Anything else bringing bad or not as much? No.


Only Sopranos Just for the reaction. Right. There was this quip going around of people watching Tommy get shot in Goodfellas. Did you see that? Different reactions? Yeah. Right. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. And I would think that would be the TV version of, of that watching people react. Like wait, what did, wait what? What? I you hated that. That was the maddest I've ever seen you non-sports related. I'm still mad that you're not mad about it. I Really do. Yeah. Now I think it's great but I know it's gonna happen. I know it's happening Now. You liked It right away. You did, but it's like, I did not like it right away. It's Not sensical. Well I did not like it right away. I guess no one hated as much as I did. But I, I had a terrible reaction to it.


I didn't wanna be friends with anyone who liked it. I like, I like that is such a cheap way to go out. But the answer is he left it open-ended. 'cause he is a movie maker. He wanted to maybe make a movie. What? That's the only answer. So he didn't die. This Is dumb. No, he set it up that this is what death is like. You don't know when it's coming and everything goes black Bullshit. So my son, like five days ago for spring break went to Portugal and Spain because he is in this, he, he plays the upright bass and he is in this jazz band. So a bunch of the jazz people went to play in all these places.


So they, my wife drives him like in the middle of the night to the airport. 'cause they have like a six o'clock flight and then he is flying for two days straight. I wanted to redo all of our interactions with him since he's been gone. Please. Friday night and WhatsApp. 'cause they don't have messages. Anything. Right. First of all, she only hears from 'em once on WhatsApp then puts me on a text with them. Miss you guys two. That was, that was one. We are in Rondo and are about to perform in four minutes. Second form of communication with him.


Send us one, two pictures of, you can see of, of a tree and a mountain. Nice. My wife asked, how is the performance? No answer. Sends a picture of the dog, misses Eve, nothing. Performances have been great. It's super nice out here. That was the third communication. Miss home though. THO Great picture. Need a photo of your face. My wife says nothing. Then silence again. Hey guys, super long day we left at nine and just got back. My wife responds, that's your report.


Anything else happening? Is it any fun? Sends us back this picture. What is it? I couldn't say what It's just a picture of him and his friend with the mountain behind them and he says it is fun. It's just a lot. Yeah. And that's it. Those have been all of our interactions with him has he tried to call us once. Only one picture of his face. And I have no idea if he is even alive in spade right now. I was trying to, we, my wife and I were talking about, I was trying to remember was I this much of a dick when I was 17? And I think the answer is probably yes. Right? Yeah. Yeah. Of course. We didn't wanna deal with our parents in any way, shape or form when we were 17.


Right. We didn't have WhatsApp and anything else like that too. So it wasn't as easy. So maybe that's a little Yeah. But maybe we, but Hard to believe. There wasn't one moment where he is like, you know what, I'm gonna send my parents an update. Just a long paragraph. Here's the best thing I ate. Just check in, say hi to grandma for me. Whatever. Nope, nothing. I think the big news is who the hell knew that Ben Simmons played the upright bass after all these years on an international level. This is Great. I I was an international bass player. Yeah, This is great. How about that? He went to Portugal and Spain. Two countries I haven't been to yet. I dunno who could figure That to I bet on them in soccer.


I have a bunch of Portuguese soccer. Did I, I didn't mean to mention Portugal in a, in a soccer contest. You just reminded me. Yeah, yeah, yeah. There you go. Anyway, that's, that's Parent Corner. The other thing is, I we're doing this live re watchable tonight in Boston. And you know, my daughter goes to college here, so I, I left her a ticket and I'm like, you gonna come tomorrow night? She's like, I don't know. It's, you know, it's a big night. Meaning like, it's a big night where they go out. Right. So she's 50 50. Oh, I just, I might need to have more kids is what? That's where I really landed. But you know when those older guys, when they just like, all of a sudden they have the second family, they're like, huh, that's weird.


We they just need to start again. Yeah. Nah dude. Now they'll come around. I I think you need to have hold the re watchable at the place where she's going out. That's what you have to figure out. Right. Maybe go to the bar. Maybe that's shows up by shows by accident. Yeah. Yeah. 50 50. Mike. I might not. Depends on what's going on tonight. You son of a bitch. You guys are doing good fellas Tonight? No, we're doing Goodwill Hunting tonight. Oh, Goodwill Hunting. Good son. Good Fellas is playing at the Low Coolidge Corner Film Festival. Oh man, that's gonna be so much fun. So much fun. All right Sal, congrats on Absolutely kicking my ass. Thank you. That was a baseball game. That would've been 17 to three. What's your favorite MLB Future Mercy rule. I went Soto over 33 and a half home runs. And what was, what was my other one?


I had, I have Texas Rangers to make to make the playoffs. Oh, I like it. That's what I like. Yeah, I think you're good. And I had Mad Dog Russo on Cousin Sal's winning weekend. You can see it Friday. Nice. On Sandel tv. And by the way, he, I, I went through, I'll send you the clip. I was like, you know, we Simmons and I do this podcast for the last 15 years. We've closed it with good job by you. We stole it from you. I said, can you give me a good, a good job by you? And he is like, well first of all you tell Bill I watched three episodes of the Celtics documentary and it is dynamite. I mean, you got him and his father and they're talking in Cozy and Russell. And then he went through all that.


I'm like, all right, I'll tell him, oh, and then he gave me a good job by you. Like, I thought he was have going into convulsions, like it was great. I'll send it to you. Oh, that sounds amazing. All right. Made my Check that out. That's on a, that's on, that's on against all odds. Right? Against all odds. Yeah. But you are also on The Ringer gambling shit too. That's right. Yeah. All right, so there you go. Big. Are you, how you doing March Madness by the way? You winning? I'm doing all right. I mean, you can't, it's hard to lose when there's all chalk. I mean, it's Are you doing like I know you hate it. I mean, are doing three favorite parlays. I get irrationally angry at how much you, your irrational. I've been behavior following. I'm just doing a bit. I like the That's good. I know you're, I know's I was on the thread we have with JJ and Raheem and House just Oh, my bracket.


Oh my God. It's busted. Oh, it's dumb. But it's still guys coming to Vegas, by the way. No, that part's great. Sound like it's not like 20 years ago they charged like 500 bucks to get into Caesar's. Anywhere. You wanna see it anywhere it's 400. Like Ask Kyle, it's 400 or more. It's Oh my God. But anyway. That sounds terrible. You did. All right. It's a lot of fun. Good job to you. Great to see you. Thanks to Kyle, ands and Geha. As always, don't forget you can watch this on The Ringer Movies YouTube channel or as a video podcast on Spotify. Sal, good job By you. Good job. You buddy.


Must be 21 plus in President select states for Kansas and affiliation with Kansas Star Casino or 18 plus in President dc. Gambling problem, call 100 GAMBLER. Visit rg-help.com. Call 1 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org/chat in Connecticut. Or visit md gambling help.org in Maryland. Hope is here. Visit gambling helpline ma.org or call 803 2 7 50 50 for twenty four seven. Support Massachusetts. Or call 1 8 7 7 8 Hope ny. Or Text Hope NY in New York.