
It's The Bill Simmons Podcast. We have a ton of basketball Coming up next with Zach Lowe. We're gonna talk about Nick's Pacers Game four. The Tyrese Haliburton is a superstar game, or at least a really good star. I wanted to use this opportunity at the top to talk to the Boston Red Sox owners. They won the title in 2018. They won the World Series, the fourth World Series of this century for my baseball team. And then two years later, they traded Mookie bets in the most cowardly way I think. I don't remember if COVID had started yet, or it was about to start or whatever, but they all of a sudden he's out. They got 5 cents on the Dollar Farm. Ironically, It lasts. Guy on the team available from that trade was Connor Wong, who was hitting 1 49 and came up with the bases loaded in the Memorial Day game.


And if he made it out, they lost the game. And of course he made it out 'cause he was over for 18 and runners scoring position. I've been watching a lot of Red Sox this year. I boycotted the team pretty much for, It lasts couple years 'cause I was so upset about the Mookie Bets trade. It was basically my version of Luca and Dallas and everything that happened there. It was such an indefensible terrible trade. And then he goes to the Dodgers and he is awesome for them. And it really made me mad and I just decided I, I just needed to take a break from the Red Sox. And this year I got back into it because Christian Campbell came up. Marcella Meyer was about to come up in Roman Anthony, who's the best prospect in baseball. And this Red Sox team, which I, I think they're over under in FanDuel was 86 and a half.


My friend Kevin Hench went on. Brian Barrett's off the Pike Podcast Monday and came in in the 17 minute mark. And it was right after he had another one run loss. And I think they've had 30. And he's response to the first question was almost 10 minutes long. It was one of the most incredible podcasting moments I've heard on The Ringer. He's getting madder and matter as it's going, which is exactly how I felt. Everybody who likes the Red Sox field this year, they have this situation where they won't call up Roman Anthony the best prospect in baseball. And they weren't calling up Marcella Meyer either. But then Alex Bregman, who is the best hitter on the team, he gets hurt. So they, they won't call up Anthony because there's some weird service time thing where if he wins Rookie of the year or finishes second, he gets to lose a year of his service time, which makes it, you know, a year closer to him getting a giant free agent deal.


And all of this would be fine if we were the fucking Pittsburgh Pirates or if we were, whatever the athletics are called on, I think they're just called the Athletics. Or we were whatever other small market team. This team's in Boston, it's an absolute money machine. Who the fuck cares whether Roman Anthony's gonna become a free agent year early? Meanwhile, he's had two homers just in It lasts three games. And the Worcester Baseball, the what? Their Twitter feed. They just shoot out these Roman Anthony Homers where he is 115 miles an hour after bat. So they lose another one run game today because they won't call him up. And they've thrown away this season. But I'm actually kind of attached to a lot of the guys on the team and I wanna boycott them again.


But now I, I really like watching Marcelo. Hopefully Campbell will get his act together and I'm waiting for them to call Broman Anthony and they won't because they're trying to save money. What are you trying to save money for? What are you guys doing anyway? That's by Red Sox rant. I don't, I don't understand how we won Four World Series and the angriest. I've been at the owners since like I was in college, but this is just unbelievably indefensible that this would be like the Spurs not calling one pajama up from G League. Not that he's gonna be the one pajama baseball, but you get at my idea when somebody's ready to be one of the best players in your team already, just bring 'em up. What's the point of professional sports? Anyway, it's driving me crazy.


I just wanted to mention that. Okay, we are going to talk about a bunch of basketball with Zach Lowe in in one second. We're also presented by by FanDuel Sportsbook where I'm gonna do my Taylor Fade bet on Wednesday. We're presented by The Ringer Podcast Network where you can find a new episode of the re watchable we did Heavy Can Wade as It Lasts Movie from Big Ass seventies a month. And you can watch that podcast on The Ringer Movies YouTube channel. Or you can watch it as a video podcast on Spotify or wherever you get your podcast. So you can watch this podcast on the Bill Simmons YouTube channel or as a video podcast. But we did it live with Zach Lowe right after Pacers Nicks, you're about to listen to it.


We're gonna take a break. We're gonna bring a Pearl Jam and we're gonna get going right now.


You're listening and watching The Bill Simmons Podcast presented by FanDuel our friends America's number one sports book. And they've made it easier than ever to get in on the action during an NBA playoff game even after Tipoff. Just look for the live SGP tab on the FanDuel Sportsbook app and build your own bet slip and sit back, relax, track the outcome of your parlay right in the app. And if You don't already have it, download the FanDuel app today to make every moment more The Ringer is committed to responsible gaming. Please visit rg help.com to learn more about the resources and helplines available. And listen to end episode for additional details. Must be 21 plus and President Select States game prom call visit Recording Live.


Zach Lowe is here. It's The Bill Simmons Podcast. Just watch the Pacers go up three games to one. Zach Lowe. I cannot believe how good Haliburton was in the game today. I can't believe how many missed opportunities the Knicks had and it feels like they have missed their window. But we should start with the Pacers because that game had a ton of fouls, a ton of turnovers. It got really ugly. They went up 15 with like nine minutes left, which is usually when the Knicks get going. And then it felt like the Knicks were coming back. They could never pull it off. Do you believe in this Pacers team? Yeah, I I mean how could you not? I still wanna live in the alternate universe where game one doesn't fall into like a wormhole that the Knicks just can blow in a catastrophic fashion I'd, I'd like to see how it plays out, but how could you not?


They, they play a style that just wears people down. They're very hard to play against. They know exactly who they are. And you know, I heard you and Ryan talking about the Pacers, their place in the East and Ryan saying, you know, I'll always bet on a team with a top 10 player in Indiana as an avatar temp player, they might have a top 10 player. I mean like Tyrese Haliburton is this good? I mean this was, this was his masterpiece tonight. I mean he is had other great games, not with stakes like this, not playing a style that the Knicks kind of, the Knicks kind of coaxed him to play the way they want him to play for a lot of this game, which is dribble a lot in the pick and roll penetrate a lot, essentially play like Chris Paul plays, but faster, you know, get guys on your hip force you to dribble into the mid range.


The stuff to Haliburton if he had his druthers would not do. I'll bet you I I'm very interested to see if you track this game, if it's his season high for just dribbles past half court in a game and to put up what he put up tonight with no turnovers and a million assists and making shots of every variety. An absolute masterpiece and just between Haliburton and the pace they played at in the first half where they just are flying after every make. And you look at the, the first action on these possessions after makes is like 21 on the shot clock. There's a handoff or a screen or something. It's just really hard to play against Halbert 32, 12 and 15 with zero turnovers.


And I'm with you, I, when Ryan and I talked about it on Sunday, I did not think he was a top 10 player. I think he needed to add a little to the resume. But this is the kind of game where he surged into the discussion. I texted Steve Nash in the game and I asked him, do you feel like this is like the illegitimate son of the seven seconds or less sons? And he, he said, absolutely. And it was like, I don't know why I never really thought about it. Maybe other people have made the comparison, but I don't really remember thinking that until I was watching tonight. Because when game three went off the rails for them it was 'cause things slowed down and they turned into a normal basketball team, which is always when it goes bad for them. And you figured like the safest bet in this whole series has been the Pacers in the first quarter.


'cause they're just boom, boom, boom, they're going, going, going with Pace. I don't even think it's seven seconds or less. It might be six seconds or less. It might even be the five and a half seconds or less Pacers because like what you said before, they're getting into, they're either getting two on ones, three on twos or they're getting into what they wanna get into and there's still like 17, 16 seconds left in the shot clock. I didn't think the Nicks could keep up with the pace. And in a weird way it reminded me of almost like, you can, I'm a UFC guy, you're not, or at least for the pay-per-view, sometimes you watch a UFC fight and you're like, ah, this is, they always talk about unboxing styles, make fights and UFC, the pace of something, what somebody's trying to do when they're, they keep trying to put the other person on their heels and have them going backwards and, and they kind of screw up their clock for the fight.


It feels like that's what they've done to the Knicks in this series. They've sped them up to the point, the Knick stats, like Brunson stats are fine, but he doesn't feel like he's in control like he did in the first two rounds, right? They've done, they've tilted it a little bit and it's too chaotic for the Knicks and I don't think they can keep up with it. And that's why you have 10 guys play double digit minutes even in not a, it's not a must win playoff game, but you don't wanna go surrender home court and go back to New York. Two, two, face it in that crowd because you, if you're gonna play at that frenetic pace, you need a real deep team. And that's what the Pacers believe in. It's like Ben Mathre, you've sucked the entire series.


You're kind of like, stick out on this team like a sore thumb in terms of the style that you play with. We're gonna throw you in the game for 12 minutes because sometimes you stick out like a sore thumb and sometimes you're kind of a curve ball that we might need. And he comes up with 20 points. Yeah. And yeah, I, it just 20 Points that I'm not even positive. I like how he played and I'm not even positive he had a good game because he was in the second half was like a chainsaw, just kind of rattling around the backyard, just cutting into stuff. And look, I mean like the Knicks were bad on defense in this game. We should not undersell that. Like the Pacers I have praised the Pacers to, to every nth degree about how their style foists uncertainty and panic on defenses.


Defenses make mistakes because just there's so much shit happening so fast. It's like that Haliburton three where top end just comes outta nowhere, kind of sprints in the direction of Haliburton to set a screen, doesn't get within five feet of him, sprints toward the rim. Brunson is on Haliburton. He is like, oh my God, someone's sort toward the rim and just all of a sudden everyone walks away from Haliburton and he hits a three. But I thought that Nick's like, I think Josh Hart got back cut five times in the game for baskets on out of bounds plays the top and three, that was the dagger in the game is just a miscommunication. Two guys chase one guy, their out of bounds defense was bad, their back cuts were, they got back cut all over the place. Like the Knicks will look at the film of this and be like, look, credit to the Pacers.


They an elite offensive team. We could have just snuffed out 14 points with just nice standard defense. And like you said, they, they had it to 6 1 15, 1 0 9. The Pacers were becoming a little slow and predictable by their standards. And by the way, the score of the game was 1 11 96 at one point. And an alarm went off in my brain that that was the same exact score. It was in the fourth quarter of game one, except it was the Knicks that had won 11 to 96 and then, and Uno hits a crazy three. And I'm like, I don't know what's going on here. I but if, but I'm getting a little, I'm getting a little frightened by by what the basketball gods were doing to us.


But in the end, the Pacers got enough, got enough done. I, I usually don't tweet during games, but I did tweet when it was, it was between eight and 11 for it felt like an hour. And I tweeted the Knicks just need to fall behind by 15 so they can get comfortable. And then it was 1 11 96, then it was, it was that it was 1 13, 100 and it felt like the Pacers hadn't done anything for five minutes and they were just letting the Knicks hang around, hang around, hang around, which is what the Knicks loved. But I do feel like a couple things have changed with the Knicks from where they were in the first two series. It feels like he gave up on McBride, which I don't really fully understand. 'cause I actually like, especially in a chaotic game like the one today, I actually like McBride in those games, but down the stretch, he was playing right over McBride Robinson, just the first three quarters.


I think he was minus 21, something like that. And that lineup wasn't working. They kind of changed to, I, it's hard for me to believe after like a couple games, they're like, oh, our five guys together doesn't work anymore. We gotta bring hard off the bench. That felt really panicky to me. But I think it spoke to the fact that all through these playoffs, this team over and over again has been down 10, 12, 14, 8, 15, 17. And at some point you are who you are. You know, we, we were talking math a bunch last year with the Celtics and like at some point when you go up 20 a bunch of times over the course of a season, you're probably good OKC this year. Lot of blowouts, lot of big leads. You're probably good. The Knicks feel like they're kind of punching above their weight when you just look at how hard it is for them to stay competitive in these games.


I think you just nailed it. Something that was bugging me. I I talked about it with Rob yesterday about the Great Rob Mahoney of Prestige tv. Yeah, him, yeah, he took a break from watching whatever, I don't know what prestige shows are, right? John Sing Show. Yeah. Oh, I like that show. Great show. We talked about it in, in sort of just focusing on towns and Kat as this enigma who carries the Nicks across the finish line in game three with a masterpiece fourth quarter. Yeah. Where he is playing center the entire fourth quarter. Mitch Robinson has benched the entire fourth quarter because the Nicks need points and they need to go five out on offense and all of a sudden it just feels like the Knicks, much like the Timberwolves with Kat kind of don't know who they are as a team anymore.


Like, do we need to play big? Oh wait, that's not working so well. Why did we start playing big in the first place? Was it just because of Mitchell Robinsons and insane offensive rebounding or are there other reasons? You know what, that's not working like we need Kat, we need Kat to beat Miles Turner off the dribble in a five out offense. And Kat was gritty and tough doing that again tonight. And it just then, then they play these lineups like, you know, sham and Wright are suddenly in their rotation. All of a sudden they're playing this lineup that has no Brunson, no McBride, no bridges, obviously no campaign, like none of the, the point guards or in Bridges case, like, you know, sometimes if Brunson's on the bench point forward ish player when I don't know where Brooklyn Mikhale bridges even is anymore, but when that player facsimile emerges, none of those guys are on the floor and it's like, boy, they just, I I guess credit to Pacers like they've, they've rocked the Knicks into the ropes and the Knicks are like, I'm not really sure what the best version of ourselves is.


And a lot of that is just towns is a strange player where offensively he's best as a five defensively. Those lineups just don't hold up unless you have the perfect ecosystem around him. And then you put him at the four and sometimes like, well where is he at the four? Like, you know, it's Brunson, Mitchell Robinson Pick and Rolls Towns is over there. So it's just it. I think you nailed it by saying the Knicks suddenly feel a little uncertain about who they are and how they wanna play.


This episode is brought to you by Michelob Ultra. What do I look forward to every NBA playoff season? Well, I'm always hoping the Celtics do well. I'm always hoping we have great storylines, great games, great matchups, great games sevens, I just hope for good basketball. But the NBA playoffs, they're even better with Michelob Bocher, the official beer partner of the BA plus. They're getting fans closer to the game with a chance to win courtside tickets and more. Enter now at michelob bocher.com/courtside Michelob belcher's peer access Courtside 2024 to 25 sweepstakes no purchase necessary open to US residents, 21 or older ends on July 1st, 2025, multiple entry periods. Visit michelob belcher.com/superior access slash courtside for free entry, entry deadlines and official rules message and data rates may apply void where prohibited.


I was gonna do this in the second segment, but let's do it now. There's 2D separate knick conversations right now and they're running parallel to each other. One is, this is an incredible missed opportunity for them if they can't get outta the series. When you think about just going back and beating Paul George in Philly, that falls apart. Oh, It didn't even, it didn't, you can't fall apart if it never was. It's like, it's like I I read some, yeah, What's the right word? Can you, I I I read some headline last week about how the Sixers don't wanna break up their duo, their star du break up of Paul George Joelle and Beat. I'm like D Duo, I'm almost as much of, of a duo with Paul George's Joel Em beat and Paul George is, anyway, just that Christmas game, the highlights from the Christmas game over and over again.


Look at what we had that two hours. But anyway, 18 games. So Philly never happens. Let's go there. Yeah, Philly just never happens. Butler blows up Miami Dame ruptures his Achilles Boston chokes the first two games away, and then Tatum gets hurt for a year in game four. And then Indy knocks out a 64 win team that had home court advantage throughout these playoffs. So you stack all this stuff together and it's like a, it's a borderline miracle if you're the Knicks. Like, not only were you able to keep your five guys healthy finally for these playoffs, right? That was the big fear is like, we're gonna have towns in April and May. We're gonna have in an Obie in April and May I say all the miles we're putting on Brunson and Bridges and Heart, are they, all of them are healthy, perfect situation and they're down three one to the Pacers.


And by the way, it's never gonna get better for a situation than it is for them right now. I don't think. I think this is the moment. So that's, that's one conversation. Are Are we, are we like one of those situations going haywire in the east is not a thing that will also be haywire or, and or worse next season. The biggest competitive advantage in all of professional sports probably is being in the Eastern conference in the NBA Boston is gone for a year. Miami, we'll see, maybe they get the ran, maybe they do something that makes them interesting, whatever. Right? Milwaukee, okay. I mean over Philly, I mean, I'm at, I'm at all believe Joel and Bleed Pay plays 50 games again in the season when I see it with the Sixers.


And so I don't like, I'm like, it's, it, it, it is a missed opportunity. It's especially a missed opportunity. You just cannot lose game one the way they did. It's like two losses. You have absolutely no, you have no margin of error left in the series. You have no margin for anything fluky happening. You have no margin for, you know, just anything going wrong in any game for three minutes. And they, that game is gonna come back and haunt them. What? So what's the sec? So I don't, I'm not as, I'm not that game one, this is a, yeah, This is one of my favorite basketball playoff theories and the one that I always think of is Spur Sons 2008 when that and Dunkin made that crazy, what was it like a one-legged three, it goes into double overtime and the sons lose and it was like these teams are too close.


They're not, they should have won game one. They're not good enough to beat dispersed five times. You beat 'em four there, five seems unrealistic. The five time, the five timers club, the five time theory Last year. Didn't Jalen Brown hit that three in the corner to send an ot? Wasn't that game one, It's game one of the conference vinyls Indiana Boston. Yeah. And then it's like, all right, Celtics win that Pacers have to beat them now five outta seven times, that's not happening. So you have that piece with the Knicks. So you have this missed opportunity where next year I think Indiana is gonna be better next year. They have ways to improve their roster. All other guys are gonna be a year older. They have no, they'll they'll resign Turner. I'm sure they'll get what, 22, 20 3 million.


Why I want the Nick to be better. Well health standpoint older, but this leads to the second, the second thing I'm just wondering, not doing the Windhorse fingers in the air, but by the way Wonder just don't throw anything at Windhorse to ever again anybody, okay, don't put hands on Brian Windhorse, let's Not do it. He's fine. He's the national treasure is towns Brunson now a summer convo of can these two guys, can you actually win four straight rounds? These are your two guys. When you think about how that Detroit series went, how they fell behind by 14 plus of the first five Boston games and how Indiana has just flipped it and made it seem like it's just impossible for them to get stops if you're just running the ball and pushing the pace on them.


And both guys seem better when the other guy isn't in. Although there's also the, all these great stats when the two of them are out there together with the high screens that they can run. I just wonder like if you're the Knicks with how the league works these days where you just decide in a year you hate your team, could this be an I hate my team situation, we gotta do something. Or is this a Oh we were right there. If we win game one, we go to the finals. Let's not get, let's not panic, let's just run it back. I talked about this with JJ on the New York, New York pod today no bed can be is is no bed can't be unmade in the NBA of 2025. But if you are, if you are in the Knicks front office and you are inclined to think perhaps pessimistically about the Brunson cat pairing, winning four straight playoff rounds, which you're damn well need to have it.


If your team's this expensive and you're this all in on picks, you need to have a team you believe can win four straight playoff rounds, especially when three of them are gonna be in the junior varsity conference. But if you're PEs, especially with OKC Looming next year is probably even better than they're this year. And you weren't gonna beat them this year. That's a whole separate conversation Yes. About what making the finals from the east even represents anymore what those finals are gonna look like. But that's a whole separate thing. But if you are pessimistic, I mean you made your bed like you, you have jail in Brunson, you're obviously not moving jail in Brunson. He's an icon. He saved the franchise, everything starts with him. Carl Anthony Towns makes a gazillion dollars for several more seasons. Is sneakily extension eligible this summer and will probably want a 2, 2, 2 more years essentially of Max.


Is that true? Yeah. I think I Blocked that outta my mind. Oh no, No, I I don't think anyone realizes it. He's, I'm 99% sure if I'm reading everything correctly. He's extension eligible and you know, this was this fanciful well day, you know, they got, everyone thinks they got Giannis or they got Cat to trade cat for Giannis. And I was always like, what? Like why is that interesting to me if I'm the Milwaukee Bucks? Like what, what is Hi F just Cat now making $65 million in five years. That's awesome. We're gonna win 32 games in the east and suck. I don't know how you unmake that bed and I think you, but but again, creative people find creative solutions. I how would you unmake the bed? What are you doing if you, if you are, if you are dubious with this to me, I would lean more to, and I think they would lean more to, you know, we use the remaining pick equity we have, we turn, we sign and trade a chua in a pick.


We do something to get one more trustworthy guy. We have these young guys that, you know, Tibs is gonna have to trust like Collec and Dosier and guys like that in the regular season next year to like one of those guys has to be able to play 10 minutes in a playoff game like this and, and go back at it knowing again, we have the biggest competitive advantage in sports. I don't know what the out is other than that. Where are you trading towns? I, you know, as you know, I might've been on the trade machine looking around the case. That's why I'm You, I I can't wait to hear. I'm, I'm sure there's like a, my big problem, not problem, but my big contract for your big contract that maybe there's a fit thing that is unlocked for both of us, but I don't know who that is.


Bridges is in his last year, next year and has a big extension coming, correct? He does. And you would suspect that, you know, with Brunson taking less and all of this machinations that, you know, that the parameters of that have probably been broached, I would imagine. I I don't always, I I, some of the stuff Shams puts out there, I'm, I'm like, okay, like, like the Gianni stuff, he is open-minded. Like, it's like that's not really a report. The stuff he had today about the Spurs are now looking aggressively at June trying to figure out if they can be good right away is stuff that you and I have both heard separately. Like this is a thing that's out there. And people, I think if you're looking at who's gonna be the most interesting team this summer, they're, they're, they might be number one, they have all these picks.


They're, they realize, you know, much like our beloved 2012 OKC when they are trying to extend, they realize like the windows now, like we have one pajama. Who knows if we're gonna have him seven foot seven upright with the history of tall guys, who knows? Let's go for it. I, It, I mean they, they already told us this by trading three picks or two and a half picks for Darren and Fox. They already told us what their mindset is gonna be. I just wonder is there, instead of Durant who was in the 2007 draft, you know and has been around for a long, long time, is it make more sense to target somebody like Bridges? And then if you're the Knicks, could you send bridges for picks and send those picks with towns for Giannis and basically turn towns and bridges into Giannis would be my question.


I can't believe we're talking about this when this series isn't, I was just thinking like if you're looking for ads to that five, like if Giannis is really out there and you're the Knicks, you have to kick the tires on it. I just don't think what you described, even with some of what is remaining of San Antonio's extra draft equity going to Milwaukee is like, so the Spurs themselves could beat that offer without anything else. And Houston could certainly beat it. Others can certainly beat it. I think Milwaukee, part of part of this is gonna have to be finding a way to get some control of their own picks back. Yeah. And so you're now groping in third and four teams luck. But it's, it's like you're gonna have to triangulate it somehow.


You mentioned Durant like, you know, there was some mixed Durant noise in leading to the trade deadline. I don't quite know how that would work. I mean, I know what the common sense salary ingredients would be. I don't know if if how appetizing that's gonna be to either side, but you know, that's a direction too. But it, I mean look again, creative minds make stuff happen. If we were the, by the way Steve today giving his brother credit for creating VP of Common Sense, I almost tried to fight the TV's, just thought it was a personal attack. I did think to Myself, I'm positive I came up with that term. I wrote, I think I wrote an entire column about it for the e esp in the magazine once running joke for 20 years.


I love Jeff Van Gundy, but he did not come up with that. Sorry Stan. But anyway, if they were the Knicks were hiring us as VP of Common sense, I would say run it back. Game one was a fucking watershed crazy event. You can't overreact. You guys are right there. The east is gonna be worse. Keep it together. But it's, it's just interesting that we're even talking about possible alternatives for them. But that's how, that's how traumatic the series has been. Like they had, the Pacers had 113 points with like nine minutes left in the game. Like at one point it seemed like they were gonna put a one 40 on them. And the irony of Tibs coaching a team like that, which by the way that's maybe the other way this goes as you think, I don't know if this is the right coach for this team.


So I hear the tips stuff all the time. Yeah. Talked about it with JJ today, not JJ Reddick, John Kremsky. And I get it, like we've all talked about the minutes load in the regular season, which isn't just a minutes load. It's, it's like a lack of cultivating guys that you might need when shit is going wrong in these playoffs. Yeah. He has been somewhat justifiably labeled a like a maybe a, a a floor raiser who is not super creative adjusting in these playoffs. I think he, he is somewhat shed part of that label in It lasts couple series.


He was Creating series I thought game three, he was great. I thought that was one of the better coach games of these playoffs. The the Boston series was going their way before Tatum's injury. They baited Boston. They completely scrapped their entire defense in the way they played debate Boston into playing a style that, that favored them. Mm. And I just, so my question to the Tibs critics, and I get it, I get the, the, the criticisms I get the stodginess I get like everyone wants their super creative offensive guru to come in and spice things up. Like, who's the guy? Because you have sucked for the better part of 20 to 25 years and You don't suck. Now you're Indic there are four teams playing basketball in the NBA, the Knicks are one of them. They win a lot of games.


Like they have a good coaching staff around tibs, like some creative thinkers on that staff like are, are so okay. It's very easy to be like, well the coach thinks he's not playing Dilan. Right? He is not playing Landry shame. But we're not running the, you know, the, we don't cut like the calves cut and we're not flying around. Okay. Like, who's the coach you want to bring? You want to take the leftovers from the Phoenix list of 9,000 assistant coaches who have never had a head coaching job. One of, I Didn't say Putin Holzer. I was excited for a second's. Love. Like he's he's back. Yeah, but just a Phoenix grab bag. Like take the whole fired Phoenix coaching staffs over It lasts five years and craft a coaching staff out of those guy. I don't like, who's your guy? Who do you want? You don't have an answer.


Well, that's an important part of the question. Yeah, I don't, I mean the, I have Nick's friends who are like, Mike Malone won a title two years ago. He's available, be huge for us. Like, I'm not sure, I'm not sure he's solving all your issues. Is he That different? I Don't know. I I would, we've never seen him coach without yoic. I guess we had some brief Sacramento stuff that I barely remember, but he had, He didn't deserve to be fired in Sacramento as a catastrophic mistake. Mike Mul. Michael Malone is a good coach. I just like, is that changing the direction of your team? Do you wanna do at some point maybe over the summer do top 30 favorite Sacramento mistakes of the, of the century and we just do a draft How, I mean, first of all, the list, I think we'd have to go longer than th it'd be one of, Of those things where you, you would, you text me at like two 30 in the morning your time and you're like, I've spent four days researching this.


I can't believe how big the Google doc is. This is cra I can't narrow it down. Wasn't it Grantland that did the video inside the draft room? Yeah. When got drafted. Everyone, everyone what, what did they, what did they, they all called him on speaker phone and Vivek made them be like, 1, 2, 3, yay Nick or something like that. Yeah. And you could see everyone being like, oh my God. Go Nick. Yeah. Go. Oh God. Yeah. I was surprised they let us even even run that. But wait, why did I bring up Sacramento? There was a good reason for it. Mike Malone. Oh yeah. Mike Malone. Yeah. I I would assume tips comes back. It's no, no shame in being one of the four coaches left in these playoffs. But they need to figure out, my guess would be if they captives maybe Mitchell Robinson becomes the fall guy because so many teams need a center and you talk yourself into towns as our center.


We need to get like a AkaMy type forward who can play defense, obviously Nazi aka. 'cause he's one of the best. Yeah, Those are fun. Just get, just get an all NB level Player six guy. Sure. A six foot nine guy who can shoot and gar and you know, Tyler, Maybe add up Cole X salary plus you know what, what, what can I get up to to get an all NBA power forward who can play defense?


This episode is brought to you by Uber Eats Summer is almost here. And you can now get almost anything you need for your sunny days delivered with Uber Eats. What do we mean by almost? Well you can't get a well groomed lawn delivered, but you can get chicken Parmesan delivered. I love chicken Parmesan. A cabana. That's a no but a banana. That's a yes. A nice tan. Sorry. No, but a box fan. Happily yes. A day of sunshine. No. A box of fine wines. Yes. Uber Eats can definitely get you that get almost, almost anything delivered with Uber Eats. Order Now alcohol and select markets product availability may vary by region. See app for details.


Hey Zach, we've worked with FanDuel on a new betting concept for the NBA playoffs and it's called Tail or Fade where I do a prop player prop. You're not a big gambling guy, but player prop. And I lay it out and people can either, they can back me, which is called Tail or Fade Me, which is go against me. So I'm, I'm two and two so far in these playoffs I lost like week on town towns. I'm gonna pick a player prop for Thursday's. Game five Nick's Pacers. What's funny, I would've gone over on every Haliburton prop and I can't, we gotta talk about Haliburton again in a second. We will. But if you've been wanting to fade my picks, I don't know why you'd wanna do that. But if you do FanDuel give you that opportunity by offering a 50% profit boost on either the over or the under on my pick. Check out FanDuel Sportsbook on Thursday to see what bet I'm boosting. Then you can choose to apply a 50% profit boost to my pick or apply the 50% to the other side end with some smack talk. You could, you could fade me and just trash talk me on whatever social media forum you wanna do. I'll be ready for it anyway. Check it out. FanDuel Sportsbook.


Okay, let's, let's move to the Knicks because we spent, or the Pacers 'cause we spent too much time talking about the Knicks. So I was looking at Nash's playoff stats from oh 5 0 6 0 7 46 games on the seven seconds or less Suns. And he averaged 21 points, 11 assists for rebounds and was a 50, 40, 90 guy for that entire stretch. Three years. Haliburton in 29 games is basically very close to 20 and 10 now five rebounds and not quite as good on the 50 40, 90. But he is gonna be 48, 38 71. He's also younger than when Nash was on the Suns, right?


He's he's Are we still in the Sacramento Kings mistake segments or are we we done to talk about the case? No, we're we're, we're going full Hal. We can circle back to the kicks. But, but the question, we talked about it on Sunday and then again, you know, after that game today, he's not one of the six best players in the league. Right. That's Yoic. SGA, Giannis and Luca and I honestly put Weby in there for next year. I just think he's going to be one of the guys. And then there's this next group of, in no particular order, Curry, Mitchell, Halbert and Brunson and Kate Cunningham where we could argue about all those guys. And then there's an Anthony Davis, Townes Mobley, Jalen Williams, and that's probably the top 15.


But Halton was not swimming in that Kate Cunningham, Brunson, Mitchell Curry pool. Totally. Even though he made all NBA, but he made it. 'cause there was some games. I mean He was, he was, He Was, he was swimming ahead of Cade Cunningham. He was popping outta the hot tub and then going and going into the pool a little bit, but then coming back, I don't know, I just feel like, like that overrated thing came out right. And that was stupid. But I do feel like that was the perception of some people. They didn't see him as good as how he actually was. And now that's over, right, is the overrated thing is done and he's in that group somewhere. So how high is he for you when you're comparing him to 37-year-old Steph Mitchell, who's in his prime, Kate, who's not in his prime yet, Brunson, who's absolutely in his prime.


He's with those guys now. Indisputably. Yeah. But out of all of those guys and Curry's the only one, but now Curry's 37, you can actually create an entire team built around his style of play that where he might actually elevate everybody on his team. And that's actually, he elevates everybody on his team. He, he, the pacer has done a very good job of finding players who can play his style and are willing to play his style. But this is one of those magical basketball things where one player has imbued an entire team with his style. Everybody wants to move and pass and cut faster, harder, more often because the guy who is the, the fulcrum of everything wants, all he wants to do is get off the ball and run and fast break and, and like make you get a highlight.


That's all he wants to do. Yeah. Heads up. Always looking. Oh, you, oh, you split out after that missed three. I'm gonna find you every Shot, every shot, every miss at the rim. Tonight was a fast break the other way didn't matter who missed at the rim, didn't matter if they fell outta bounds. Didn't matter if the floor was unbalanced or not. Every single miss at the rim by the Knicks was a Pacers Fast break the other way I didn't vote for, for NBA because I thought the first two months I thought he was a mess. And he's talked about it since, that he was a mess and that he was actually going through some stuff and decided to stop reading social media and all these replies. There's been a couple good pieces about that, By the way. Step one to living a healthy Life. Just don't read social media ever for any person of any stay away of ev just any ilk.


It doesn't, you, you don't even have to have any followers. Just don't, don't like be looking at YouTube shorts for two hours a day. It's the, your brain is getting dumber by the second. We're live here on YouTube. Thanks for that psa, Zach. But I, I love, I'm concerned about my kid and her generation. That's all I listen, I think about it constantly. I picked Indiana to beat Milwaukee. Me too. I bet on them to beat Cleveland in six. I wasn't positive they're gonna beat Cleveland, but I thought it was a 50 50 series and I thought a 50 series.


But I actually have a, I have a bunch of Pacers money that I thought about hedging tonight and decided not to because I thought Hal Burton blew that game down the stretch as many people have talked about because he stopped being, you know, he's doing these crazy kick outs and it's like you can get to the rim on these guys, just finish the play. You can contort your body. You're gonna get layups, you're gonna pick up fouls. Just keep, keep going. And he clearly thought the same thing because he came out today and was like, I am attacking. I'm going, going, going. And when I get into the paint, I'm not just gonna be looking to kick, I'm gonna be trying to bounce off people finish. He's one of those guys that I find myself when I watch. And Tatum was like this for a long time too.


And and until he got hurt where you're just watching him go to the rim. Just go to the rim. Just go to the rim. Go go to the rim. Go, don't settle, go, go, go. This was the best blend of all his skills tonight. It was really like his magnum opus. And even when he's Dribbling for most of a possession, like they ran the same play seemingly 25 times in the game, including a bunch of times in the fourth quarter at where I think the Nicks actually they got too predictable and they had to snap out of it. But it was a staggered screen with Ne Knee Smith was the first screener. Turner was the second screener because Nesmith has Brunson, Turner has ka and like even when he dribbles that entire path, he takes both screens.


He turns the corner and he ends up shooting a floater. A layup. A setback too. Yeah. There's not any like wasted time even though he's pounding the ball, he's not bringing it back out for the most part and just dancing with it. It's like forward to diagonal momentum the whole time. Now there are a couple times he brought Mitchell Robertson out on the switch and was like, I'm gonna dance with you a little bit and make a three. But there's just no, and it's not better or worse. Like the Celtics won a championship with Tatu and Brown basically being like, I'm going, I'm gonna bully you for 10 seconds to get to the rim. It's just better for the Pacers and better for Haliburton to play the way that he does and play at the speed that he does.


I agree with you. I thought it was the best mix of of of him ever. And by the way, the biggest shot of the game was when they snapped out of being predictable, ran a different play and it was a Haliburton Emhart pick and roll, which is like, okay, we're gonna run that now. 'cause Brunson's on Emhart and Haliburton turned the corner. I actually Emhart slipped the screen and aka hit the corner three to put him up. 1 18, 1 0 9. It was the biggest shot of the game. And it was an important moment because the Knicks have seen the same play eight or nine times in a row, which is, even if you're as dynamic as the Pacers, you get in a rhythm defending it and the Pacers finally realize like, we gotta do something a little different. And then that was, that was not quite the game, but it was the biggest shot of the game.


Well what's interesting about where they are, it's hard to believe they're gonna make the finals, but they've also, you know, they, they're beating a red hot next team. They thumped Cleveland Thumped make some excuse for Garland wasn't healthy and Moby missed a game, but I'm sorry, like everybody's hurt in these playoffs. They've four one soundly beat them and broke them by game five and did a really nice job against Milwaukee too. And I think Milwaukee was a team that was excited to play Cleveland. I think a lot of teams were excited to play. Cleveland was one of the under underlying lessons of as we headed in there. But with Hal Burton, I think it's just easy to build around him.


And that was why I made the case that I think that's the team I would wanna be if I was in the East. Because even I look at the pieces now, look, Mathre had 20 points. I didn't, I just, I'm not a fan. I don't love how he plays. I thought he was important for this game today just 'cause he was like going 110 miles an hour and he helped with the pace. But I feel like that top and spot and the math and spot are the two spots that you can upgrade. And I was looking at Nash's sons teams in oh 5, 0 6, 0 7 and they're, they're different in a lot of respects. I do think Marian and Kom have a lot of similarities as a sidekick. But they need like a Tim Thomas before he went to the Clippers and stopped caring about basketball like a a six eight shooter who can kind of be malleable on defense and is just a little bigger than Mathre, I think would be the number one thing I would draft for them.


Somebody who could come in and give them just like a, a long athletic lineup without a center basically. Well the interesting conversation about the Pacers and I, it's one they've had internally too since they got AKA was, and it dovetails with Celo saying, you know what, like where if you had to rank Haliburton and AKA among the top 30 players in the league, where would they rank? And is that high enough for a big two? Yeah, kind of construction. It's the debate of we, like, we still have chips to cash in. We have like we, we have still like we have control of most of our picks now, do we need a third all star level talent in order to really truly be a contender?


And I thought They o obviously not they're five wins away from the Title, but IIII think it's a conversation that they've had for two years and I I think they've debated it internally. It's been debated externally. It didn't, it like last year it was like, you know, once you get past Haliburton and Siku, they're like 7, 8, 9 are basically the same as 3, 4, 5. And is that a good thing or is that a bad thing? Do they need a, a little bit more of like an A level talent and it's like maybe, maybe they're about to make the finals, maybe this is some sort of magic elixir of a team and it works just fine. Well, the biggest thing that I think they solved other than right, because he, he just didn't seem like the same guy those first two months.


But I felt like it's a little like what we were talking about with Townsend Brunson before. I didn't love the fit with Sicca with them a hundred percent because I thought, I don't, I didn't feel like he wanted to go as fast as they wanted to go. And I seems to me, granted I'm not banging out 82 pacer games a year, but I do watch a lot of them and I've always been afraid of them. It seems to me he's committed to the style now and that he's playing way more breakneck than I think he used to. I, I thought, I thought he was too deliberate with them last year. He's Getting eight free points a game by just being faster than every other big man on the floor. And when they need him to be deliberate, he's picking his spots. It's like, all right, I have IL bridges on me on a switch.


Like I can bully this guy. I have Josh Hart, like I'm way taller than him. I have a guard. Like I'll be deliberate now and be, even me being deliberate is gonna be within a couple dribbles getting to the shot that I wanna take from the place. I wanna take it. Can we do two more Pacers? I got two more pacer stakes to get off. I have a, I have a couple too. So go, let's hear it. I just, very quickly we're talking about Thito. Rick Carlisle is gonna elevate himself into some pretty, pretty elite territory historically with this run. And the biggest compliment I can give him is, you know, I, I rarely if ever get to the end of a Pacers Game or a pacer series and be like, man, that lever wasn't pulled.


He should have done that. That lever, like I just, I get to the end, I'm like, I can't really think of anything else I would've done. Like he's just got, he's just got his finger on every button. So that's my first, that's my first base pick. I don't, I, I don't know where he, he's pretty high all time wins. He is got a championship, he only has one, but like, he's gonna be in some pretty lofty coach conversations. I heard, I can't remember who said this, maybe it was Doc Rivers 'cause he got interviewed for, there was some Rick Carlisle piece I read in like USA today. I'm sorry, I can't remember the writer. And I think it was Doc Rivers who said, what's great about Rick is whatever roster he has, that's the team he's, he'll create around the roster that he has, which that's like football.


That's what I always loved about Belichick. It was like he didn't have like a system. He was like, oh, we have these guys, so let's do this. And that was just how he figured out whatever they're doing on defense. You think like how different that Dallas Luca Brunson all iso team was compared to like how, how this Indiana team plays, how that oh three Pistons played and then how that Dallas team played. And especially in 2011, he, he just has different styles, which I don't how many basketball coaches could just be like, all right, I guess we'll do this. I feel like Brad Stevens was kind of wired like that too. But there's not that, not that many who are like, I don't have a system. My system is who's my best player. I'm gonna create something around them.


And he loves Haliburton and he loved Haliburton from the second that they got him from a team that by the way had Deer and Fox into Iris Haliburton and has none of them give me, what's your, what's your next pacer stake? What would you, do you remember your feelings on what they should have done? Because there was, the Knicks were coming hard after Fox in February 22 when they made that s bonus trade and they were also, Sacramento was also looking at Ben Simmons and there was a Haliburton possibility there, but it felt like one of those guys was available. And I, I've always been like way, way pro Haliburton even dated back to the draft. And I would, I would've kept Haliburton, but I thought what they got in the trade was a good trade.


I was like, all right, well that's that they're more interesting now. They had, maybe they had to do something. What would you have Done? I was, I was, so I think I was on television when JJ Reddick labeled it franchise malpractice to trade Haliburton for Saboni. And I thought that was a little harsh because Saboni is a very good player. But I had been consistent from day one of that trade to when the kings were the beam team and everything was going great to being like, when everyone would say it's a win-win trade. Wow, what a rare, rare thing. It's a win-win trade. I'm like, it's it's not gonna be a win-win trade. It's the Pacers won the trade, right? The fact that the Sacramento didn't, didn't like lose it so badly. And the short term is cool, like it's a win. It's not a win-win trade.


The, the, the Indiana won the trade, So it's a little like the Kawai George Hill where it was like short term, really good trade for Indiana and they had even, they made conference finals over and over again And, and it was clear right away, like long term, this is not gonna be a win-win trade. This is gonna be like, oh my God, we traded Kawaii Leonard and now all sorts by, by the way, the, the other pacer thing is I've always been, look, I I don't mean this facetiously or in a mean way, a very large part of Paul George's, NBA legacy is going to be all the great teams that were created in his wake. All the like from, it's Really nuts. I mean, the Pacer's thing is they trade Paul George to Oklahoma City for Oladipo and Saboni and like this, that's their team.


They built it. They, they built this team, if you like, if you follow all the paths from that trade and forget the fact that, let me see if I do this right. Oklahoma City traded Serg Ibaca for Victor Oladipo and it picked, that became, No, it goes Further back. S but like Paul Paul, This is floating around Paul. This goes to the Rashard Lewis trade exception in oh seven. All right. You weren't even further back. I'm just saying Paul George, That that turned into Kurt Thomas in two number ones, which then turned into Serg. Ibaca. Like this goes. But you think about that. Robert Farber created the finals. If you, if you just follow the tentacles of what the Pacers got for Paul George. Yeah. It Just, it leads to this team and then of course Paul, the Paul George trade for the Thunder leads to their team that exists right Now.


You know, basically, Well the other crazy piece of that is that Old Depot was one of the 12 best pours in the week for a year. Incredible year All NBA and then then gets hurt. And usually when that happens you don't bounce back from that as a franchise and you become a top five lottery team and you go through the whole cycle and they just didn't because they smartly, it was another one where they had the same version of Fox and Haliburton with Saboni and Turner, who they could never figure out how to play those guys together. And they kept Turner traded s bonus and the trade worked out for them. Yeah, the the, it all starts with that freaking Rashard Lewis. And when Presti did that, that was one of the first times I remember somebody specifically trading away an asset to get the trade exception.


I don't think he invented it, but it was still pretty new. Right. 2007 there weren a lot of people doing that. It's almost 20 years ago. And like the, to your point about not a lot of people doing that, I mean the price was so exorbitant in modern terms, like to look back at the, that they, they got what, like it's, it's like all the picks that Solver threw out of the, out, out in the open to dump money. Like Steve Kurt's first trade, he, he comes in and, and the lockout's coming and Sarver's like we have, we can't have this payroll. You have to trade Kurt Thomas. And that ends up being the first trade I had for one of my indie takes. Okay. C's the best team in the league.


Are we sure the west was better than the east this year? I mean this year? No, I mean this year was, well first of all it depends how you're conceiving of the conference, right? Like one to seven. I think the West was in an unusual state of flux. Although I think the nuggets come out of all of this looking like, okay, yeah, maybe they're still a pretty goddamn tough out at, at the very least well Think about Celtics won 60 games. The Knicks team was good enough to go up three one on the Celtics even before Dana got hurt Indiana. So do You like who, How many West teams do you really love looking back, How many East teams do you really hate?


Looking back the Chicago Bulls made the playing tournament. I'm just talking the top like the best teams in each conference and we thought, oh my God, the west is such a gauntlet. Look at the east. Who the, can we even find three teams that could make the finals in the east and then you look back and we basically had three plus Equippers in the West. I think, Well, I mean Steph gets hurt. I think the Warriors would've been heard from in that Minnesota series for sure. Or, or did Is that what we wanted to happen? But they actually wouldn't have been heard from, I mean I picked Minnesota to win the series regardless. But I think that's a competitive series and you can find a lot of people around the league who think the Warriors would win it Clippers nuggets.


I, you know, look to Clippers crap, the bed in game seven. They did what the Clippers do. But that was a heavyweight fight and game and game One and Well, but, but that was a heavyweight fight. Yeah, for the most part. And the east is like Cleveland, Boston, New York, Indiana and then pretty Good foursome. Yeah, there are 15 teams in the conference. I'm just saying the top, the top of each. I felt like going into these playoffs, I felt like the west was so much better and now I don't, I dunno if I, I dunno if I feel that way. Alright, I'm, I was just test driving the take poured water on it. What was your next indie thing? That's it. I just, I this is the like the, I mean 3 1, 3 1. The odds are Must be 80 to 90% that we're getting in Indiana, Oklahoma City finals league office.


And the broadcast partners Must be doing back flips over over this. Wow. Conspiracy bill will be coming in later to talk about that. Would you go six seconds less, six seconds or less? Pacers would you go seven, would you go five and a half? What would be your number? I think we can do a better nickname that leaves the seconds or less lineage with Phoenix. And there, there's gotta be a pun. Their their name is the Pacers. There's gotta be a pun where a rhyme or something that if we put a full brain trust of people, if we got the, the, the common sense czar of sports, whoever that is, whoever created that term to weigh in, could come up with something unique to the Pacers. I wonder I'll go into our live and see, see if if the, if the people, oh it's not clicking for me.


Why isn't it clicking for me? Oh well I guess that's not gonna work. I already besmirched YouTube shorts. I'm even gonna go into the chat and see. Do We may maybe YouTube shut our thing down when, when you took the, the shot at them. Yeah, we do need some sort of, some sort of thing. Here's the other Pacers thing we had talk about, we haven't done this on the pod yet and I can't believe it. You did it on your own pod. You omitted me. It hurt my feelings. I got over it. Nesmith Island. There were two people on it. Not counting Nesmith family. I'll never understand why he didn't play over Romeo Langford ever at any point in my life. It was weird when it was going on.


I felt weird complaining about it 'cause it was, Nesmith was such an seemingly obscure guy in that team. They never figured out how to use him. And when they put him in the Bragden deal, I was totally fine with it. 'cause it just was clear Boston had just quit on him for as an asset for whatever reason. All the stuff he's doing. It's just so funny. We're sitting there with two, I don't wouldn't even say we have cottages on New Smith Island. Like they, they started out as like, just like, like a, like a shed. Two sheds. And now we now we have multimillion dollar mansions on new Smith Island and everyone wants to live there. And guess what? We've been here the whole time.


Well you, I've told the story about meeting him and it at his agent Yeah. And all of that. But sorry, I just clicked on the box score and the video came up. 'cause I wanna see how many points Aaron Smith had tonight it with a sprained and ankle and looked awesome defending Brunson minus plus or minus one or two plays. Yeah, I mean, you Know, he was plus 20 tonight in 32 minutes and every time he came outta the game, the Knicks would immediately start looking better because the stuff he was doing on Brunson and they talked, they did a good job of talking about on the broadcast about how he fights over picks, how good he is at that. Like what he specifically unique skill is.


Can't I love Stan? He can't stop that. It's somewhat, he's more excited about Knee Smith fighting over picks than like regular people are about. I, I'll just leave that there. He is Very excited about it. Well, but it's not, that's not the only thing he's doing though, because this is why I love the Pacers matchup. They're, they're with Brunson 94 feet. They're, they're scoring baskets and they're like, where's Brunson? Let's get in his jersey. And Neman Hass been the biggest piece of that. He's playing 32 minutes, but he's like sprinting. He's like, he's like running a marathon during these games. And I think he's been just a revelation for them. He is. When I do the best contracts, I don't even know if I'll, maybe I'll do a best contract draft this summer.


Him at 11 million has to be way up there. Hey look like Kevin Pritchard, Chad Buchanan, the entire front office. Like they've killed it. I mean just like the moves on the fringes, like all the depot to Levert Levert to, I believe they get the picks that become Emhart and Shepherd a and including other stuff in the Lavert trade. I mean they've just nailed you like this walker. This walker's not even playing and I, I still like him. I don't know if you wanna join me. I still have. I have some property on Walker Island. Jason, I thought he would play in this series. Me too. Like did you re I want you to be honest, I've already copped this. Did you remember that Tony Bradley was on the Pacers before Rick Carlisle brought him into game two?


Did I know he was in the league? Did you see they put up his career stats and they said, he said two season dps. Wow. Yeah. I was amazed he made the second free throw. But yeah, I mean, Carlisle's just throwing dudes out there and they all seem like they're ready to play that Ben Shepherd who's either 35 years old or 20, I don't know what his age is. It's the mustache. He's just, he is all in on the Mustache. He, he can come in and seem competent. The Mhar pick was great. That was 31. He's been really bad. It lasts couple games too and they survived it thought offensively. It seems like he's lost his confidence even When he is bad. Do you ever feel worried in any way that Andrew Emhart is on the floor on like, on like the Pacer's behalf?


I just feel like he's doing something helpful all the time and he turns into an incredible shooter in these playoffs and he is not been an incredible shooter in the regular season. He's like the anti all the shooters that suddenly aren't shooters anymore in these playoffs. I don't wanna make name names. Well the thing about him is he doesn't turn the ball over, which is wonderful and neither does Halbert. And when you can play with pace like that and not turn the ball over, it's like an incredible achievement. And whoever has the turnovers on this team is always the other dudes on the team.


This episode is brought to you by McDonald's. All new Mcy strips. New Mcy strips are here. Chicken made for dipping tender juicy white meat chicken with a golden brown peppery breading. This sounds delicious. It's chicken. So good. It deserves its own sauce. That's right. The creamy chili mc crispy stripped dip. It's creamy, savory, and sweet with a little heat. But strips work with any of their sauces. I'm actually still a big fan of the buffalo sauce. Slick new mc, crispy strips and dip sounds fantastic. And it's only at McDonald's.


This episode is brought to by LinkedIn. During the season, every baseball team plays 162 games. It's a true test of endurance. It's not enough to have a hot month or two. You need sustained dominance throughout. While the same is true for your small business, it's not enough to have a great Q2 or even a great year. You want year over year growth that starts with better hires. That'll be there for the long haul to find those hires. Use LinkedIn. LinkedIn has strong hiring data and insights that you won't find anywhere else to help pair you with the best candidates from unique skills and interests to the connections you have in common. Based on LinkedIn data, 72% of small businesses say that LinkedIn helps them find high quality talent. LinkedIn also lets you go beyond people who are actively applying in a given week. 171 million LinkedIn members aren't actively seeking jobs but they are open to new opportunities. That's a big pool to miss out on. If you're not hiring with LinkedIn, find your next great hire on LinkedIn. Post your job for free at LinkedIn dot com slash simmons. That's LinkedIn dot com slash simmons to post your job for free terms and conditions apply.


This episode is brought to you by vrbo, private Vacation Rentals with vrbo. You can save over $200 on select homes when you stay for a week or more. Say you wanted to go catch a few baseball games in Boston, take some time off work flying to Beantown, watch the Sox play after that. You can do anything. Go book a VRBO in Cape Cod for a week. The world is your oyster or lobster roll or clam chowder. Really, if it has shells, gills and is indigenous to the Atlantic, it's your edible metaphor of choice. They're crustacean crazy down there. And guess what? Since you stayed longer than a week, you saved over $200. You know what that means? More shellfish. I love shellfish. Hope you're not allergic. Next vacation. Stay longer and save, make it a vrbo.


I'm gonna give you, I'm gonna give you my, my 15 point pyramid right now. I was thinking about Halliburton's Place, I'm just gonna throw this at you. Okay. Start with one Yoic still one SGA. Yeah, I saw a lot of sga iss the best player in the league. Now SGA is knocking on the door. That and then we're gonna talk about OKC in a second. SG a's definitely like, Hey guys, what's going on over here on the top spot of the pyramid. Hey, yo, YOIC had some beers. He is not getting up to answer the door. No door's locked. Him and his brothers, they're watching super bad. It's fine. SGA and Giannis two, three an and Luca four five.


By the way, Tatum's not in the pyramid 'cause he is not playing for a year. Yeah, You you, you are very loyal to this format of just, if you're out for the year, you're out of the rankings. I'm not ranking you. I, which I isn't. I like the, If you're not gonna play next season, you can't be in there. Yeah, I have Weby sixth. Do you agree or disagree because I'm projecting where he's going next year and the fact that he fucking grew an inch. Are you following this? He's seven seven now. I'm, I'm only, I'm only following it because I heard you talking about it and how he's seven Seven allegedly. And how seven, seven just sounds strange. Can We pay-per-view and give the proceeds to charity where they actually measure weby and we find out exactly how tall he is for 1999? Not Where did you have an, where did you have an Four?


It feels really high. You had an over Luca. Yeah. Can I find out if Luca's gonna be in shape next season? I like the skinny slash fat photos that go around of flares in the off season when it's like, is it just the clothes they're wearing? Is it just the way they're standing? Like why are we reading so much into this? Like you could make me look 20 pounds lighter. I know. Or 20 pounds heavier very easily. Every Photo, any photo can has like a 15 pound variance just depending on the photo. I have no idea if he's lost any weight or not. Allegedly he cares a little bit more. So you'd have Luca over an I would and made the Western finals two years in a row. I feel like it's notable. I Luca made the finals in the Western finals in the, in the three year spin.


He did, he got traded by the genius Nico Harrison though an never got traded. I have Weby six then I have Curry, Mitchell, Haliburton and Brunson as my seventh through 10. And if Haliburton makes the finals, I'm moving him over Mitchell. Sorry Mitchell, because, sorry, I'm a recency bias guy. And if you make the finals as when you're clearly the best player in a team and you went go through three straight playoff rounds where you beat Giannis, you beat a 64 win Cavalier team and then you beat this loaded Knick team, you have to be in the top 10. And then my, my bottom, my last level is Cade, number 11, Anthony Davis Towns Mobley and Jalen Williams who officially won me over after last night.


Love. I think he has to be in the top 15. Anybody, does anything make you go, eh, No. It's, it is just interesting that obviously everyone is well aware that we have this generation of superstars that are aging and so they're aging out of discussions like this. Like LeBron, although you have Curry in here too, you also just have like, and Durant, you didn't mention Durant and I, and I don't, I can't quibble with it. Like if you, if you just told a random guy on the street, Tyrese, Halliburton's better than Kevin Durant, I think, I think that would get, His team went 35 and 47 last year or whatever it was. Like I, I'm sorry. But Then you've got, then you have other guys who like are just like Joel and Beads injured all the time.


Jimmy. But you can't make it. Jimmy Butler's injured slash Jimmy Butler and it focused healthy, happy Jimmy Butler is probably in this conversation, but that guy doesn't exist very often anymore. Guy's gone at the Min Minnesota series, I think killed that. I think he can get there every once in a while. But I, I think, I don't, don't you also believe that he just didn't seem impactful enough? Well, he and I, and I think when you're, when you get to 35 and up, I think asking somebody to be good for nine months is really, really a chore. We don't have a lot of history of it. He fell hard on his tailbone and I'm not sure he, and then he like, like we all thought, we all thought not long ago that both Morant and Zion would like maybe be in this conversation in Morant's case.


Like definitely be in this conversation and they're just like not even sniffing it right now. It's just, it's a strange, it's a strange, strange times. Well, so the biggest thing that's changed in these playoffs is Hal Burton ascending into that top 10. Kauai is another one. Kauai healthy Kauai top 10 player. Like so I had my five clo, my my five honorable mention guys in no particular order, Tatum, LeBron, Kauai, Chet and Durant I think is the next group right underneath. And then Booker you could talk me into, but I think he gets, he he, he should get some of the same, same criticism.


I have to ask you what east team you would wanna be the most the next five years. 'cause Illa and I talked about that Sunday. Did you have said the, I'm I'm stealing this idea and doing a full on draft on my podcast on Thursday. Oh one one to 15. Stay tuned for that. Okay, let's talk about OKC really quick and what happened last night. So they win 1 28 to 1 26 Ant takes shit after the game, which I, I, I agreed with Priscilla's take on his podcast today that some of the stuff was unacceptable. Like being that visibly frustrated and disappearing from being mad about how you're being defended basically and, and checking out on certain plays at the same time.


They scored 126 points and that wasn't why they lost the game. Offense game. They scored 126 points. It wasn't 'cause the didn't score enough. They couldn't get stops. And I think if I'm Minnesota, I'm upset that the best two guys in the other team are guys that play positions that I have awesome defenders at. And they still lit me up for almost 80 points combined. And if I'm OKC I'm just like, we fucking, this is it. We climbed Mount Everest with this team. What Jalen Williams did in that game, combined with what Shea, what he always does, but especially at that level, he was just magnificent in that game. But then to get that from Jalen Williams, who I wasn't, And Ja combined with Game seven of the Nugget series too, right?


But I wasn't sure I I wasn't sure Jalen Williams had it in in him yet a game like that. I didn't know if we were a year away. And I kept thinking of the Pippin parallel with him with Pippin in the 90 playoffs, which ended with the migraine, which it, you know, whatever. But even before that he wasn't quite ready. And then in 91 he was ready and I felt after that game, Jalen Williams has arrived as the number two, this is it, this is as official. Hello everybody. I'm here. And that's the legacy of that game. Those two guys together, the rest of the league had to be like, oh fuck, now what do we do? And Chet feels like he's just scratching the surface of what he can do offensively and is already one of the 10 best defensive players in the league.


And one of the three best rim protectors in the league that Block, that recovery block he had in the fourth quarter was outrageous. I was outrageous At the rim. He's just, you can't score on him at the rim. And j Mahoney nailed this today and he and I talked about it on the PO he wrote, wrote for The Ringer today, like the entire defensive scheme that they've played in this series and in other matchups hinges on Jalen Williams being able to guard guys who are bigger and stronger than he is without that, without his ability to contain shut down limit. Julius Randall in this series, if, if he can't do that you've gotta move Chet somewhere else.


Chet can't just be on Jada McDaniels roaming around protecting the rim. Yeah, the whole concept falls away. Not the whole concept 'cause you can then put Caruso on him or, but you then you've gotta play Caruso more. Like a lot of how they are constructed on defense falls apart without him and his ability to guard up a position. Yeah, they are. Look, I mean it's no secret when they, when they have an above average offensive game, it tends to look quite scary for the president future of the league because the defense is gonna be there pretty much every night And they got the 21 turnovers, which it seems like in every game when they try they're gonna be around 20 turnovers for the other team offensively, Minnesota, all these dudes just playing outta their ass and them being able to match it wasn't positive they had it in them.


Well and all those like Di Vincenzo and Alexander Walker going crazy from three, like a lot of that stems from the attention that Ant is drawing. Not all of it, hundred percent. It's not, it's not all assists and hockey assists, but a lot of it, if you sort of dial it back and look at where it all or originates from, a lot of it is just, there's like four dudes on Ant or looking at Ant or leaning Toward it, the courage gravity thing. Like he's definitely, they're treating him like that this series and his teammates made a bunch of shots. I, I don't know, I wasn't monitoring how much shit he took today just people in my life were like, what's up with Dan? I was like, I don't know. Like he definitely disappeared for some spots. I didn't love his body language but I also thought they scored 126 points and a big reason of it was he was pulling OKCs defense toward him all the time and it was opening all this stuff up for everybody else.


He's also 23 years old. This was Tatum in 2022. There's a whole other level when you keep going up around, he's still like a young pup when SGA was three years ago, they weren't even a playoff team. You know, he's like, I don't think it's fair to compare him SGA because I think SGA is just has more experience and he's just been doing this longer, you know? But I think that's how great Ant is that you can even compare him that it's not like I'm making excuses for him, but I just think he's a young player and I don't feel like, I don't feel like we're getting to where it's gonna get to with him because three years from now or even two years from now, he's gonna realize like, I'm just gonna make all the right plays on offense and then on defense I'm gonna fucking terrorize them and I'm gonna grab, I'm gonna grab 13 rebounds and I'm gonna shut down Jalen Williams or whoever I'm guarding and that's how I'm gonna affect the game.


He can't figure out how to affect the game if he doesn't have the offense yet. But I believe in him And a lot of the conversation about Ant and like, well you know, you just, when you're the best guy, you just gotta put your team on your back and get terrible buckets. That's Terrible. Analysis Is just based on stuff that Michael Jordan did when the rules were completely different and you couldn't play zone defense and you couldn't tilt the floor the way defenses do now. Yeah, it's really hard to just get to the rim anytime you want. And I think the difference, and there was some of, some of this today I saw, I think the interesting difference between Shea and an is how an's shot selection has trended in a dangerously hardy direction where it's just all rim, all threes.


I'm not shooting any long twos, I'm not confident in the shot. I don't have the post game that I wanted to have yet. And Shay is obviously an elite mid range shooter, but like all else fails, you can just go one-on-one and Jack a 17 footer and like Ant doesn't want that shot anymore. He j and like it's partly because if you look at his numbers, he does not shoot them well and in these playoffs we've seen it. I, I'm not comparing him to Harden. No one is gonna have harden's record in big games and Anne certainly is not. But there is a certain of like if it's just all rim, all three and you're the number one guy on a team, it's gonna be really hard for you in some games. Yeah. Well Tatum Tatum was another one who battled that. Tatum had this nice little mid-range game, nice little foul line jumper, nice little post-up game and when things would go bad he would just abandon it and it was either 25 footers or him going to the rim with no in between.


And not my favorite kind of basketball, but I just feel like t his superpower is gonna be, how can he affect the game when they're doing what he did yesterday and he doesn't know how to put the pieces together yet. I don't think SGA could have played the game that he played yesterday two years ago. The, the sense of play to play moment to moment and especially like after Minnesota would hit yet another big shot, another three from the corner. And he was just so calm the way he does it. That whole team is like fucking Michael Myers team think they're just like walking across the street with the knife like Dan, like, hey, they nobody, they have no emotion at all. They have no personality.


They're just like these quiet assassins that come after you. Well and you think about all the, the team's an has faced in these playoffs at, what is he say he's 23. He is whatever he is, he is very young. He's already faced the Nicole Yoic nuggets twice, right? He's faced the Luca Mavericks, he's faced the Curry Warriors. He is facing this thunder team. Like he's getting Lakers, a lot of La Lakers getting a lot of like big time experience against elite, elite elite A plus teams under his belt. And that's like pretty goddamn hard to like win the, for him, for his team to have won as many of those series as they have I think is like way ahead of schedule for most players. I couldn't players Agree more on the re the reason I hated the, I hated the Go bear trade.


I hated a bunch of things about it, but the biggest reason I hated it was because the trade was made. Like you were on some schedule with Ant like he was 25 when he was like 20 when they made the trade. It's like it a bet It was was a bet on him. It was a bet on him as much as it was on Gobert And they were right, he was, he was actually ready to become a top seven or eight guy at a really precursor stage. But now, now we're at this other level where Now you're being treated differently. Game to game. I'm looking at how many playoff games he's played already. Yeah, 30 playoff games. It lasts two years. 41 total and he is turns 24 in August.


We're doing fine with an yeah. Can't, can't accept any I this whole basketball talk culture we have now where it's like so and so's gotta step up. I asked so and so to step up and he stepped up now this guy needs to step up. Well he didn't step up yet. He's gotta step up. You By The way, it's basketball. You go up and down, you're gonna have good games and bad games. I, I think ant learned from the game yesterday. I'm hoping just like Haliburton learn from game three. He learned from game three and was awesome in game four. Is anyone in Minnesota? Is this, is anyone in Minnesota, in Minnesota echoing any of this anxiety about Anthony Edwards? Like another team that's had nothing good happen to them for 20 years, has been in the conference finals twice in a row like that Seems pretty awesome.


Seems like it's going great. Your final 14, two years in a row. You do have this Na Reed thing though. Yeah, they got some questions. You know, everyone's got some questions. Well there's also some questions with what's suspending gonna be. Yeah, that's what I mean. Everyone's got in the apron era. Everyone's got, everyone's gonna face these questions. Did you see there's this thing somebody forwarded me today and I couldn't believe it and apparently it's true the ta there was a tax thing about everybody who's paid the tax. I saw a graphic floating around. Yeah, there's been some good graphics lately. This one was all the teams that have paid the tax. It was on a Twitter account called MBA university that think's really good.


Shout out to those guys. MBA lower case underlying Thingy University, I think it's called an underscore Underscore that's also what the kids call it. Golden State has paid $746 million in luxury tax since 2012, which is 340 million more than our next team, the Los Angeles Clippers. But what surprised me is OKC has paid the tax five times since 2012. And I was like, that doesn't seem, that has to be a mistake. And I looked it up and after Durant left, they paid the tax big time in the 18 and 19 seasons when with Post Westbrook, when then Paul George came in.


So they did spin. 'cause I was thinking big picture 'cause I we agree they're gonna win the title right? Barring an injury. I can't see anybody touching this team. Yeah, as soon as, as soon as the Celtics went away, they were the odds on favorite to, to win the title and and they, They they took a wooden steak and rammed it into Yoko's heart. Yeah. After, after two weeks they finally were able to get it in there. But then you, the next topic is gonna be what does this team look like going forward? And it's one of the questions will be what are they gonna pay the tax? They do have a history of paying it sometimes. So I still think this team, the fact that Jalen Williams and Chet are in the same draft class, that's a yikes, that's a tough beat.


I think they're gonna pay the tax. I I think there will be, you know, you get, once you get into apron stuff, like every team, they will be cautious. But I like they're gonna have to make decisions. Like every team's gonna have to make these decisions. Is there a dot have to go out here and Hartenstein doesn't, you know, on the team in three years. It's like whatever, like DOT's a suspect, They're gonna have to pay the tax that's they're going to pay the tax. They're not gonna duck the tax. You can't duck it. You can't be that team that good and duck the tax. You can't do it. Well They did it, which is why I'm bringing it up. They did it in 2012 when they had James Harden and Kevin Duran and Russell Westbrook and Sir Jabba on the same team. So same owners. Lessons were learned, lessons were learned. Maybe lessons were learned.


I would assume Dort would be the one trade piece that I think that could actually get stuff for. And then your guy is coming Topi. Yeah. So I tweeted that the other day and it wasn't, everyone was like, well they also have seven first round picks in the next whatever years. I'm like, I know, I know all the picks they have, the picks are in my brain all the time. It's the actual human that they drafted in the lottery last year that I sometimes forget is just like floating around. You know who Everybody said would've been top five? Yeah. If he hadn't gotten hurt and now he's fine. Well anyway, that OKC that I thought that was, it was weird seeing some people didn't love that game. I thought it was a weird game. Especially people in my life are like, yeah, I don't know about that game.


I was like, that game was incredible. What you guys talking about, the Free throws is what just is what soured people. And I don't wanna do the whole like, what would you change the rule to fouling up three, et cetera, Et cetera. Oh, the the stuff in It lasts minute. Yeah, Yeah. But yeah, it was a fun, it was a really fun game. You know, the whole game was really fun. So what would you do? I don't wanna have that. I'm too tired to have that discussion now. 12 12 0 6. Is it 1206? Oh, we're, we're lose exact low go to the bullpen. I I just don't think, I think they could just tweak it really easy in It lasts minute where if you foul somebody that, that isn't in any, like, it's just what do they do in fifa?


It's like a free throw. You keep the ball, that's it. Basketball becomes Aly more fun. This Is not hard. Feba. Did I say fifa? FIFA Soccer. Fiba. It's 9 0 7 here. I'm exhausted. Well what? But Like, you know what I, I have, I, I have a lot of counterarguments. It often doesn't work as one of the fun things about the fouling up three thing is it often comes back to bite you in the ass. Which is, which is a fun, a fun turnabout. Well it Opens the door that you could actually just lose the game that you had a three point lead in, right? All of a sudden it could be like basically what happened to the Knicks in that Indiana game?


Lowe's knows that taking on more projects should be rewarding. That's why loyalty members get more every day with rewards for every home or business purchase plus shop weekly member deals to get access to free standard shipping. So what are you waiting for? Join my Lowe's rewards for free today. Loyalty programs subject to terms and conditions, details at lows.com/terms subject to change.


This episode is brought to you by Amazon Prime. Ever finish a movie and the next thing you know, you're totally obsessed. Like I'm talking about ordering a book about seventies film lighting or buying the soundtrack on vinyl. Kind of obsessed, whatever it is. Prime helps you get more outta whatever passions you're into or getting into. Head to amazon.com/prime and follow your obsession wherever it goes.


How'd you feel about Ben Sto and Shala? I sit next to each other in Indiana. I love that they're going to the road games. I mean, they were in Detroit real fans in the first round. I I love it. If I had infinite wealth and access to private transportation and I had spare time, it's exactly what I would do as a NBA fan. Well now that once we sell our places on Ne Smith Island, whew. We maybe we buy mjs Jet. You see mjs Air Jordan jet. It's really nice. No, no. Maybe that's what we spend our Nesmith Island profits on. We need a new guy who's our new guy. New Island. Yeah, because Was I feel like we took nesmith to completion. So now what do we do? I've been, I've been, I bought a lot in the straw their straits a couple years ago that I've been sitting on.


He could be one. Who did I tell? Lemme think about that. Next time we do a pod I think we should each have three guys that become our next island guys. I I mean the Minga Keys. There's a, there's a lot of people there. There's like a, a good nightlife, but I I Do not have property on, on, On the Comingo. Okay. We don't, we don't want everybody there. No. There there's a couple Detroit guys. I've had my eye on there. I still own a, i I still own some property on JT Thor Island. I don't know if I told you about that one. That's that's a It was a penny stock. You're holding, you're holding that One. Yeah. I'll tell you A that's a, that's a good, the good good properties.


I like that. Bailey Shiman. I loved it. I love that At the end of this podcast, Shireman is is Coming up. Well we're Gonna need him next year. We're gonna need a lot of people next year. Do you see Shams talked about the Tatum, how the surgery got big? I'd heard the same thing. I'm just getting hopeful about the Jason Tatum surgery. We're we're, he's getting, We're we're like a one report away from like, maybe Christmas, you know, like I'm just all Maybe why not technology. I was talking to my dad today and we were just both like, he's just, he doesn't know what to do with himself. 'cause he had this whole run mapped out for Celtics playoff games, so they're like, yeah, go to the Cape this weekend.


It's just, just, he just can't believe we went from, oh yeah, this is gonna be great. Celtic City's out make this mo and then it's just over and now we don't have our best player and he's just like still shellshocked, which I think most Celtic fans are. It, It reminds me of talking to team executives and coaches who have been on like a perennial playoff team and then one year Cat catastrophe strikes and they're in the lottery and they're like, is this what it's like when you're like, I've like our season just over, I have it's April and I, what am I supposed to do for the next two months? Like draft, I have my entire memorial day to, to just do things. Draft Work is it was this college visits for the Hornets every year my colleagues with the Hornets just are kicking around Charlotte for two months trying to find out stuff to do, doing projects.


All right, we should go. I do like when you're groggy though. I feel like I can get more stuff outta the A Anything can happen. Anything can happen. What TV shows are you watching? Friends and Neighbors. A plus a plus Spouse Neutral show. I Finished it, I went on the Apple screener app and watched It Lasts one. I won't tell you what happens. Oh boy. There's only one more up to, there's Only, only up to i's a weird nine episode season up to, I'm up to date on What's Public Studio. Yep. Finish that Again. The ve the Venn diagram of over overlap between my wife and I is is very narrow. Like it's no violence. Like, it's like I would do all kinds of violence. I'd do that on my own. Like Breaking Bad was a solo venture for me.


Oh, That's like you she has to go to bed and then you do break Bad. Yeah, the Wire was a solo pre kid venture for me. Hacks. I I'm, I'm a little lukewarm on the fourth season of Hacks. I, I, I loved seasons one through three. I don't quite know what's going on in this season, but I'm, it's earned the benefit of the doubt for me. I think that's all I got going on. People Have been going asking when you're first re watchable appearance is gonna be The people. Some people are saying people it's On the streets. Just Keep me posted. If I've seen the movie, I'm happy to do it. I'm like, I can't believe you're not doing a whole like Mission Impossible retrospective. I'm a huge MI fan. I love all the mission abilities. Really love them. Love them. What was your number one? We talked, we did the Tom Cruise draft and it seems like, what was the one Fallout?


No, so, so after three, which is Philip Seymour Hoffman is the best mission Impossible villain universally agreed upon. And apparently I haven't seen a new one yet. Apparently is, is referenced that the plot of that is a major plot point of Dead Reckoning two or whatever this one is called. After that they all kind of blend into me until Dead Reckoning one. So like Fallout Rogue Nation, they all like to, he's sliding down one building and jumping on another at it. They all kind of blend into me. Do You agree with my theory that he's been, he's been trying to die during a stunt for like 12 years. I would believe anything about Tom Cruise, I would believe literally anything. The latest one with the plane. It's like you're, you just have a death wish at this point.


I, this is clearly how you wanna go out. I he takes it very seriously. I applaud the seriousness of which he takes his craft. I also like that he just knows he, he's he, he, he's like one of these like concert tour bands who know, like takes it very seriously, wants to play some songs that they love. It's like I gotta also play the hits. I gotta also run like, I gotta have a long shot of me running a long distance and just like, I gotta do it. That's all. It's like me and the podcast. I know I have to bring up the Celtics at some point. Even if nobody wants it. It's just gotta play this. It's my version of cruise running. I'm ready, I'm ready to be called in to the rewatch rules for All right. I'm Gonna have to from you. Yeah, I'm ready to, I I'm ready to be. I I I love the re watchable when it's a movie I've seen recently.


Yeah, I dive in. Well we might have plenty of time for it because we might have both series ending in five games. Although both of us feel a little bullish on maybe the Knicks at least sending Yeah, I Was gonna say, what would you, what would you peg the chances of a game seven in the, in new the New York Indiana series happening? Wouldn't Rule it out. I definitely wouldn't rule it out. Yeah, I guess we, you know, the whole pod we were talking about the Knicks, like what do they do? They're gonna blow it up because it did feel to beat this team five times outta seven like we discussed earlier. Seems improbable, but who knows Now it's swung to the point where point, you know, you win five and then it turns into the Kevin Millard. Yep. Don't let us get six. You You, it's the difference between having home court being down three one and not having home court being down three, I'm I'm gonna say like 30 to 35% chance there's a game seven.


Really They should be favored at with that. Should they should be favored at home in game five, right? Like I'm gonna give You all the, are they, are they, are they Favorite? I'll give ads right now. They are. I'm gonna say minus one and a half. They're Minus, I dunno nothing about Minus five. That's too high. Game five, that's Too many points. That's a little high. And then for the series And then you just gotta hope that Game six, you win game five, you gotta hope game six. The nerves like, oh my God, we're on the verge of the finals. If you lose this game, we gotta go on the road. You gotta, you just gotta hope. That's all. Indie is minus 600 to win this series. If you wanted to bet that this series will go seven games, that is plus 2 35 on FanDuel.


Okay. I don't vote. So What, what would you do for a prop for game five? If you had to pick one next thing that you think is going to happen in game five, what would it be? Like? Do I have to pick a number? Like No, no. Just like pick a player that you think is just gonna be awesome in game five on either team. Alright, so it doesn't just have to be Nick's. No, I'm expecting a big game from blank. I don't want to get go like Brunson or Haliburton. I think Miles Turner has a, has in whatever game the Pacers win to get to the finals. If they do. I think Miles Turner has a crowning Indiana Pacers moment. Like he makes six threes and scores, 29 points.


I like that pick. And I also think he's been the most under-discussed player in the league. It lasts 10 years who has only discussed in trade rumors in no other Capacity. He's as a basketball player. He has not discussed. He's not, he's played How many career games has he played? 642 career career games. He's been in 56 playoff games. He's been in two straight conference finals in, It lasts two years. He is 17 and six. 51%, 43% from three. It's like the kind of big man everyone's looking for and he's just like, ah, I wonder if they'll trade him. That's been his Role. They almost have, they almost, it almost happened.


What Was the, what was the closest miles Turner trade? You can remember Off the top of my head. There was a whole Gordon, Was it that Turner? He, for Somebody Hayward. There was a Gordon Hayward Celtics, like Gordon Hayward going to Indiana Turner going to Boston thing. That was pretty close. I thought there was a Turner heeled with the two firsts. Pelicans and The, and the Westbrook contract for the Lakers. At some point I thought, and they didn't wanna give up the second, first Pelicans looked at 'em. Vaguely remember that one. Pelicans looked at 'em for a, a high draft pick. I don't remember what year. Oh, and I don't know how close it got. The Peans are my, I forgot to tell you this. The Pelicans are my best salt team this year for the, for the off season.


I'm ready for literally anything with them. I thought there was the Tyson, Is that not the Tyson zone? That's the now bath salt. They're the bath, they're the bath salts team. Are they gonna trade up to the top three? Are they going to trade Zion? Are they actually gonna try to build and feel like they can contend? Right? I'm ready for literally anything. You name it, You have to be with that roster. You have to be ready for anything. How many, like, is there a Trey Murphy trade, I would hope? Do they try to do their version of a Derek White Mikhail Bridges trade with him? Do they try to move up? Could there be a Spurs Pelicans move? Spurs go from two to seven. Get Trey Murphy. I'm I'm ready for anything.


Could there be a three-way where Jalen Brown goes to the Pelicans and Trey Murphy goes to Boston and they, they swap, or Jalen Bur Brown goes to the Spurs. I love Jalen Rey Murphy goes Into Boston Ball all of a sudden we Really Spurs go. I'm, I'm just ready for the PE pelicans. All bets are off. Wow. Keep your seat belts on. Yeah, I agree. I don't know if Jalen Brown's gonna be involved, but I I'm ready for anything. I don't think they will trade Jalen Brown just for the record. I I would bet against it too. But it's gonna be an interesting summer for your Boston Celtics. I think Drew Holiday will have, and I love Drew Holiday, but I don't think the team's gonna compete next year. And I think Drew Holiday has real value for a lot of teams and I think people are underrated that Yeah, there are a lot of teams that like Jr Holiday, including some teams that have tried to trade for him before and we're not able to, That is exactly when teams talk about we need, we need an older veteran who's won and who knows how and only cares about winning.


It's like he, that's literally Drew Holiday. Yeah, we hear this every year. Eight teams want a guy like that. So I just feel like unfortunately he's probably the one if they have to move. White's contract is too good. You can't trade white. I don't think I would, I would prefer, no, I would not wanna be in the business of trading awesome basketball players who are still in their prime and do everything well, just wouldn't wanna be in that business on good contracts. Are You gonna the game Thursday? Yeah. I have not got my official credential approval notice from the Madison Square Garden Company, but I suspect that that will come through day of game and I'm excited to be there. Great. It was great to hang out with you here on YouTube live on The Bill Simmons Podcast. Thanks to Ga How and Eduardo as well.


And I'm gonna be back on Thursday. You're gonna be Thursday morning. So after Game five. OKC Yeah. And Minnesota, which our OK C's gonna close it out, but I also like, I I wouldn't bet like a crazy amount of money on it. Hey, if OKC doesn't close it out, that's good for the podcast because that'll be a surprising outcome. But I'm prepared with alternate content if necessary. Good idea. All right, Zach Lowe, great to see you. Always fun.


Must be 21 plus in President select states for Kansas and affiliation with Kansas Star Casino or 18 plus in President DC. Gambling problem. Call 100 GAMBLER. Visit rg help.com. Call 1 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org/chat in Connecticut. Or visit md gambling help.org in Maryland. Hope is here. Visit gambling help line ma.org or call 803 2 7 50 50 for twenty four seven. Support Massachusetts. Or call 1 8 7 7 8 Hope ny. Or text Hope NY in New York.