
This episode is brought to you by MICHELOB ULTRA. What do I look forward to every NBA playoffs season? Well, I'm always hoping the Celtics do well. I'm always hoping we have great storylines. Great games, great matchups, great game sevens. I just hope for good basketball. But the NBA playoffs, they're even better with MICHELOB ULTRA, the official beer partner, the NBA plus, they're getting fans closer to the game with a chance to win courtside tickets and more. Enter now at michelob bocher.com/courtside. Michelob Belcher superior access Courtside 2024 to 25 sweepstakes, no purchase necessary. Open to US residents. 21 or older ends on July 1st, 2025, multiple entry periods. Visit michelob bocher.com/superior access slash courtside for free. Entry. Entry. Deadlines and official rules, message and data rates may apply Void. Where prohibited.


It's The Bill Simmons Podcast. We are part of The Ringer Podcast Network where I'm doing some culture stuff. Over the next couple days, I'm gonna be on the Prestige TV podcast because I may or may not have banged out the entire season of The Better Sister with Jessica Beal and Elizabeth Banks. And I don't know how prestigious it was, but it's worth discussing. So I think Joanna Robinson and I are gonna do a podcast about it tomorrow, so stay tuned for that. You can hear they did the season finale, your friends and neighbors on there as well. We're about, we're heading into a weird TV cycle right now. At least we have the bear Coming up and I think Stranger Things, but for the most part the summer's a little rocky. So it was exciting that the Better Sister was at least watchable.


Gonna talk about that. And then re watchable is Monday night. It's me and Kyle Brandt. It's our fourth Steven Segal movie. Four too many or four Too few. You decide. This is I think the most fun we've had. Talking about a Steven Sal movie we did Out for Justice. Did anyone see Richie? We still don't know, but we're gonna, we're gonna find out and break it down during that pod. And I had a lot of laughs. So that is coming Monday night. You can watch as a video podcast on Spotify. You can watch on The Ringer Movies YouTube channel. You can watch all the clips and videos from this podcast on the Bill Simmons YouTube channel. So I have Ryan Marillo Coming up 'cause it's Sunday. We're taping this early. It's Sunday morning and then we're bringing in Van Lathan so we can do a three man booth because it's the spring of the three man booth.


We might as well do a three man that is all Coming up. Next we're gonna take a break. We're gonna bring in Pearl Jam and then re next.


This episode is presented by State Farm. It's no secret that great teams need great teammates. I've been saying this for years. And when it comes to Insurance State Farm is there to help you find the right coverage for your home car and more. Whether you need an in-person or a digital assist, they're ready when life hits you with a full court press, get a game plan that helps fit your life. Talk to State Farm today. State Farm with the assist coverage options are selected by the customer availability and the eligibility vary by state.


Alright, Ryan Marilla is here Sunday morning, June 1st, 2025. I was getting a little sad in June Marillo. It means we're headed toward only so many basketball games. Left the draft for agency football's a little bit away, couple good UFC events. Summer Slam. You missed March PGA. Not that two PGA left British, British Open that they now call the open. And then what's the other one that's left? There's one more us open. GHO No US Open. So there's some sports stuff left, but I always get sad 'cause we're just running out of basketball and we had one of the most fascinating playoff results I can remember the Indiana Pacers making the finals 28 to one before the playoffs to make it.


Pascal Saka was 65 to one to be the finals. MVP. This is one of the biggest aberration we've made. The finals teams that we've had, certainly since I've known you, but even going back even to when we were kids and yet I feel like it's the right result. I feel like they were the best team and I think they would've beaten Boston even with not Tatu imagery. I think this would've been a bad matchup if you throw in zombie poor Zingus. I just think they would've beaten them. Anyway, your thoughts on the Pacers heading to the finals Thought it'd be a close series between them and New York wasn't a hundred percent sure. Pick the Pacers and then as you saw it play out, there was just another gear that they get to that the Knicks aren't capable of.


And certainly with Brunson's offensive ability and then OG gets it going. You know, bridges, I think everybody's a little too down on him knowing how important. Me too. It was in that Boston series. So I, I know that there's like a Knicks obit that we're probably gonna be doing a little bit later. And then when you watch the whole thing play out, it's like when the Pacers really get rolling, they, they felt like, I mean this is not a fluke. They're the better basketball team of these two teams. And the fact that you can dig into some of this nick stuff with the starters and you always had the cat or Brunson option to attack where when you get Halliburton going and once he starts seeing like what you want to do, like his familiarity with the opponent and this will come into some of the finals preview stuff.


Like once he starts like getting to play the same team over and over again for that guy and how brilliant he is as a player. Like you're just gonna be at a disadvantage because of his size and his passing and then, you know, once he starts adding the shot in there. I can't believe, just to be honest, I can't believe AKA won Eastern Conference finals MVP over over Halliburton in this one. I was a surprise as Halliburton who took a step forward to grab the trophy and it wasn't his, I thought it was dead even except for the part that he made one of the crazy shots in recent playoff history and I thought that was gonna swing it to him. Okay, Because of that game one three plus because Sicca was awesome in game two. Awesome in game four and awesome in game six. And so in three of the four plus with the Turner foul trouble, they really needed him to defend towns.


So I see the case, I would've voted for Halbert. Okay. And aka who, you know, after game one I was really down on, and I think with AKA my history is that at times it's harder for him to get it going on his own. On the other side of things where he's such a perfect fit for this Pacers team when AKA gets out on the break and you think you have the angle on him because he's so big and he, he maps out his steps perfectly and there's this, this Euro thing and his strides are so, so long. He's Really great at it. He's unbelievable reverse lay up. He does off the euro step. I think there's like three people in the league who have that booth And that you can think like, oh this guy doesn't dribble that much and it doesn't really matter.


And he's just perfect for what the Pacers wanna do when they want to get out on the break. I just thought between Halliburton's game one heroics, which really was more knee Smith, his basically flawless game four, I mean 32, 15 and 12 zero turnovers. And Last night and then finishing game six, the second half, especially When he decided to put this thing away last night, it was him. And I think the voters like looked at three point percentage those that voted for Sicca and went all right, you know, he, he sicca lit it up from three, I'll give it to him. And, and I just, there's too many times that these finals and conference finals MVP awards, where I think it's too much stack counting on the votes and you're not really looking like who at this time through six games was the most valuable to the team.


And it's, it's almost like a quarterback a bit with Halliburton. So I'm, I'm probably too biased for somebody who's just in control of all these possessions the same way with Tatum and Jalen Brown in the Easter conference finals. I was like, what? Well that's the thing. So I felt the same way and I thought the Ccam was incredible, especially some of the stuff he did defensively and the intensity and just how much, how many miles he was covering and the speed he was playing at it never seemed like he got tired. I thought he was incredible. I'm just, I'm on record. I felt this way last year with Tatum and Brown in the Eastern finals. Like the best part in the team should always win this award unless it is so clear that somebody else was so much more impactful than them.


That's the only time I can see it. Like, you can even go back over the course of history with some of the finals MVPs. I just don't agree with some of them. You know, it's, it's not like who was slightly better than somebody else on a team. At some point you have to grandfather in the importance of the best guy on a team to what that team does game after game after game. And Hal Burn's the best guy on this team. It's his team. The pace they play it, it's, it belongs to him. It's like, it's almost like in the Super Bowl, we don't go, oh yeah, maybe the quarterback wasn't the most important today. Maybe it was the receiver. We always give it to the quarterback unless they were terrible or they, or they don't have the stats. But in basketball receiver this 212 yards receiving three touchdown, you know, like there are certainly cases and I I think you Probably, well somebody has five sacks and the defense gives up three points and you're like, all right, maybe the, maybe that defensive man should have won it, but for the most part we give it to the QB 'cause they're the most important player.


Yeah, and I, I think you would get heat for saying like somebody should be grandfathered in based on their status. And I know that's not where you're saying, you're saying over the course of two weeks, like Tatum being in control of every single possession should matter. And I, I'll never get over 2015 with Idaa getting it over Curry Curry's the only reason they're winning that series, the only and Cleveland's injuries. But that to have Steph get double teamed and then kind of figure out the double team and then everything kind of opens up around it and they're like, yeah, what I had to defend LeBron, I I Just, Parker in oh seven was terrible. Where it's like, okay, he, he, he scored, they swept, he had a lot of points. Duncan's the best player in the league. He's the whole reason they're there.


He's the guy in the meetings. Cleveland's like, we gotta figure out this Tim Duncan thing. It has To matter way this one, this one is not nearly as egregious. I was just surprised. No, 'cause after game one, you're right aka and you know, he's just, there are times with him where I'm like, is he initiating anything on his own? And it'll feel like there's really long gaps but the way he comes out in game two, because clearly he probably felt like he left a lot on the table in game one. Yeah. And he starts getting right, like when you're hitting step backs into og, then I'm like, okay. I'm like, here we go. You could see at the beginning of game two where he, he clearly like went to bed, thought about it was like I gotta come out and be a lot more aggressive. So I don't think this one's as egregious of those two things.


The other part is I Did think about it. Didn't you think about it with six minutes left when it felt like the Pacers might win. I did think to myself, huh, this will be an interesting finals MVP vote. 'cause we only have nine people voting. It's not like they have a hundred. Yeah. So nine people, you only need five to vote for one side. And that's what happened with aka. We won five to four. Yeah, it was fine. I was, I didn't think he was gonna win it. Can I tell you, can I give you a bigger picture thing on this? Yeah. I don't think we should give away the conference finals. MVPI don't like it. I just don't like it. I think it, I think it works against everything that, like that pacer story, the thing they did with their team, how selfless they were, how awesome that team was to watch for three rounds and then you have to like basically give somebody a trophy and designate you were the most important, here's your trophy.


I didn't like it last year with the Celtics either. I don't, I don't like it in general and I don't really understand the point of this. Like if you were gonna tell me the Eastern Conference playoffs MVP, that's a little more interesting, right? It's like, hey, for the first three rounds, here's this would be a better kind of capturing of who mattered the most for the first three rounds. But when you go to a series then you end up with dumb shit like this where Halliburton is clearly the most important guy on the team. It'd be like in the mid two thousands if if it was like, yep, Nash Nash wasn't the, the Western Conference finals MVP, it was actually Raja Bell, it was actually Sean Marion. It's like, no, it's Nash's team. He should win.


Unless he was absolutely terrible. Anyway, I'm just not a fan. Yeah, I mean the NBA clearly made a push here for more awards and to name the greats of the past and so chat mud, that's fine. I call The Larry Bird Eastern Conference playoffs. MVPI can't get worked up about this. Me neither. How did Indy pull this off? I have a theory on top of how good they were and they beat a 64 win team and they beat Giannis. So the Knicks were relatively new at these five guys, right? And just their style and they're only playing seven guys. Everybody's playing big minutes. They wanna play slower.


If you look at some of the, especially look at game two of that Celtics series, that's just the kind of, it was like 91 90. That's what the Knicks, the lower the score is, the better. It's for Knicks lower, the game goes better. It's for Nicks. And you have all the sample size of studying the Knicks and the Pacers were clearly like, we're gonna run this team doesn't play enough guys. They don't wanna play this pace. They don't get back on defense. They have two liabilities. We have to keep pushing the pace, keep pushing the pace. It was almost like in football when somebody's like this, this team only has four guys in the D line. The more plays we run, the more they keep 'em on the field, they're gonna wear down as the game went along. And I felt like that's what happened over the course of the series.


Game five, New York comes back, Indie's not really running, they're not playing at the same pace. Game six, they ramp up the defensive pressure they're taking off after every break. They're just running, running, running, trying to put them on their heels. And the Knicks couldn't handle it. And we're gonna talk about the Knicks later when the van comes on. But I do think that's a real flaw for them. And I look back to round two at the Celtics in those first two games and it's just, they, they played right into the Knicks hands. We're gonna, we're gonna walk it up and launch a bunch of threes, the Knicks, right? That's great. 'cause once we get close to the end of the game, we're actually gonna have a better chance to execute. And the Pacers were just like, we're gonna do the opposite. Chaotic go nuts.


We're gonna wear you guys out. And it worked and I I I just thought it was really, really brilliant how they attacked it. I I really, really appreciated it. Respected it. The pace part of it is just so alarming when it starts like getting away from you. And I don't know who made the comment, but I had noticed it before where, you know, I went to replace something and then I'll fast forward like in the downtime where, you know, like, okay, it's out of bounds, I can jump ahead 10 seconds. I don't, I don't need all of this stuff with the Pacers games. You can't do it. No, Because you'll miss like, you'll hit fast forward on something where you think it's dead if I'm behind And then, You know, right.


Next thing I know like two guys in the Pacers are getting back on defense after a make pointing at each other. And so early in the series is like, you can't assume like almost every other game that you're still gonna be fast forwarding before the inbounds. Right. And the number of transition buckets, which shouldn't happen after makes of all the things you could be disa disappointed about with the Knicks, which generally on this season, I'm not disappointed with the Knicks at all. I thought this is a really good season for them and we'll get to later they what, 11 playoff games. Exactly. The thing I think is really frustrating and, and it's, it's something that's happening at the NBA level. That's weird. Do you remember how like back courts all of a sudden just overnight it just felt like overnight nobody cared about these dangerous potential back court passes.


I never remember seeing that for 40 years of watching the NBA and then all of a sudden like a couple years ago it just decided guys were like, yeah, I don't care. Like maybe he's back court and then we'll see what happens. Right? Something else that you know, you know, very early on in whether it's you're playing or or watching it is that on the shooter side, if you're going up against a team that runs like the opposite deep player, not meaning deep to the basket, but deep back to the half court line, like he has to be completely locked in makes or misses to combat the Pacers in this case their guy leaking out and wanting to run every single time.


Yeah. It's Almost like a safety who has to make sure nobody's gonna get behind him. Yeah. Like never come up and help and run support. You have to. And so if the other guy is shooting that's on you because it's really hard on the shooter being the furthest away to then try to get back into transition defense. But sometimes that's going to be on you. And so wherever that communication breakdown, it's like hey, you have to be the person that gets back. You'd think you'd get more familiar when you're playing the Pacers every other night and the Knicks never got more f like that must have drove tib in this whenever. And you know, they'll probably put themselves to the pain of watching the tape of all of this stuff. The number of times that kept happening and it's like, look, even if we're gonna lose, let's stop letting 'em do that.


They were throwing like end zone corner fades on some of these things going like, I assume Toppen is going to win. Right? And Like there were times the Pacers guys were catching it and it wasn't even in Stride. It was just like, throw it up there, Argyle win the ball. And then let's see what happens they To Thomas Bryant that he had a couple of those where he's just like stumbling toward the basket, hoping to get fouled. Thomas Bryant sneaky all time teammate. That dude was happy last night. He, it's, you know what's interesting that Turner said at one point I've been playing against that guy since a a u and I forgot he was kind of a good prospect. He's had an interesting, he was bounced around career and then basically because Tony Bradley gets hurt, he ends up being one of the stars of, of game six.


Yeah. They used all of the Knicks weaknesses against them. Townsend Robinson, you're gonna play them together and you're a lot of rebounds, but you're gonna be really slow getting back. Right. Brunson, if you're gonna have a guy who's this ball dominant and you're not gonna have a lot of a in a game and everything's gonna run through one guy, but we're gonna make him fucking work 94 feet. We're just gonna throw guys at him. But your guy Mhar, who I felt like as the first half was going along, it felt like he was gonna become the key of the game. 'cause Nesmith wasn't right. Nesmith was hurt. He could see it. He wasn't the same guy and they needed Emhart for Brunson, but it didn't seem like he trusted his own shot.


And the Knicks were just leaving him open. I think he was two for seven in the first half. But all the shots were wide open and the Knicks were clearly like, Hey M Hart, knock yourself out. Go ahead take, do you wanna drive and get that little 15 footer? We're giving it to you, you we're gonna leave you open in the corner. And he had to step up in the second half. I hate to do the ESPN halftime you goddamn hurt's. Gotta step up. But he had to step up offensively because they had to keep him out there. Not only did he step up, he took over the game against Brunson defensively in a way that for two years he wasn't able to do. It was like, it was almost like, like he unlocked something and he started Frustrating Brunson when Brunson headbutted him and they didn't see it.


You knew the game was over. So it was like he got him, he broke him. I bought a Nim Hart t-shirt last night after the game. Not surprised. I, I don't even care if it's cool or fashionable. I'm so, I'm, I actually am mad it took us this long to talk about him. I don't care. Look, he went six to 12, he ended up hitting a couple late shots. Right. And it was ugly early. He couldn't hit anything. He was open. Couldn't it End it for four games Or three and a half games? You could tell a little bit. Yeah. You could tell too. Like he was thinking about it like, all right, let me settle in here and let me The hitch before he took the wide open three. Yeah. But what he had to do against Brunson in the absence of Nesmith and I, I always wonder like you're always sitting there thinking, hey, like what would you do against Brunson?


Like how do you handle this guy whose handle is so tight, he has this low center of gravity, he's like a bull. He's so strong. His footwork is perfect just when you think you have him and then to add in his foul baiting stuff. Yeah. Which is, I'm not gonna miss watching that because with with Brunson, well with Brunson it's not free Throws Me neither. It's if you really look, I don't know why I do this to myself because I appreciate him so much and I really enjoyed that Sixers Knick series so much too. But I also enjoyed both fan bases screaming about the other team star in working the game the way they do. And certainly if it had been a Brunson SGA matchup, like I was a little worried of of like how that was gonna be received.


But the problem with Brunson is that Brunson is doing it off of the ball. He's doing it on inbounds, he's doing it whenever a screen is set. Like he is trying to do it the entire fucking game. So if you decide you want to hate watch that part of it. Like I worked myself up into a lather a couple games ago because I go like only just keep track. Like I have a Brunson bullshit tracker that I keep in my notes throughout the entire course of a game to just be like, wow. Yeah no it's put that on EBay. No ESPN's talked to me about it a bit after the heat index because the heat didn't have a very good playoff line. You Trying to, maybe trying to sell it like yeah that's interesting. Good stuff That yeah like a private company that's acquired or something like that. Yeah. But so when I'm thinking about how hard it is to deal with Brunson because then you're still waiting for him to get you and he is going to get the call and at one point I was like, maybe the best thing is just to be as physical as possible with him the entire time.


And then you're like well that isn't really going to work. What M Hart did, his physicality, that inbounds play where Brunson pushed him first, MHAR pushed him back. The retaliate ends up Tyler Ford hits him and we love Tyler Ford. I'm like Tyler how could you do that after where Brunson kind of flops on the retaliation from Mhar here but like whatever m Hart's approach was, it was more about his mentality of like when he hit the layup and then gave Brunson the ball back before all this happened, right? Where it's like I'm gonna be here all fucking night. But I Think Brunson had him psyched out for most of those two years and then last night he was like the, it was like the guy going after the guy who's been bullying him. I was watching it obviously I'm on a couple Celtics text Reds talking about the, all the stuff the Celtics should have done in It lasts round and it's like all the stuff the Pacers, I thank you for leaving me off of those by the way.


You're welcome, You're welcome. I'm watching the Pacers do all this stuff. The Celtics had better personnel to do all the same stuff and they just didn't do it. Everything Indiana did to, to fuck with Brunson, the Celtics could have done, they had better, better players Like Derek White couldn't have just done what Mhar did yesterday and just been like 94 feet, I'm following you, I'm in your amalgam, in your mug. When you get over half court, I'm gonna make you work. 'cause the key with Brunson is you gotta, you gotta mess with them before he gets into the 20 feet near the basket. It's gotta be the other 75 feet is where you have to get him. Make it hard for him to get the ball, make it like later in the shot clock and then just keep whipping guys at him.


Keep making him try to get rid of the ball basically. 'cause the Knicks don't wanna pass the ball. I was looking it up the net there, there was, you know that stat head on basketball reference only like 15 teams have won at least 10 playoff games, scored a hundred plus points and had less than 21 assists a game. Like they don't share the ball. This was the, the Knicks ended up, they were under 20 assists a game and they averaged almost 110 points a game. They don't share the ball, they're ball dominant and it's like whoever gets the ball over half court, that guy has it. And the Pacers had to make it harder before they went into all their shit, which is what they did.


And I'm sure Missoula was watching this going nuts. I can't even imagine the regret the, the first two games specifically. I can't imagine the regret the Celtics had. They played a completely wrong, they had the wrong game playing everything in Indiana. Opposite what a win for Carlisle. I mean you think the 2011 finals is one of the great coaching outthinking four straight teams for four straight rounds. Like runs anyone's ever had built around one star and a pretty weird team and they just outthought everybody and then he just did it again. So now he's like, now he moved up the ladder historically I think to make the finals with this team on top of the 2011 finals on top of the oh three Pistons that almost made it the oh four Pacers that almost made it the Artes Mele fucks up his chance to, that team probably wins the title if that doesn't happen.


But this is now I think one of the four best coaches of this century. I don't think that's hyperbole. I don't think it is either. Because whenever you're talking to people that work on the NBA side of things, the number of years where it's say it's like a summer going into the fall conversation like hey what's going on? You know, whatever. And like especially when you talk about those Dallas teams like you know, how do you see the west or whatever. The number of times I would hear different staffs go like, well they've got Carlisle so that's good for like another right, however many like whatever you think their floor is like move them up a couple seeds because that's How, it's like Mike Tomlin almost where he is like, well that's 10 wins. 'cause they have Tomlin. I, I swear man I just wish and I don't know if he's the guy to do it even though, have you ever met him Carlisle?


Yeah. Yeah because he did some ESPN stuff for a split second. He's interesting guy. Nice guy. Yeah. We had him around, you know when back in the Bristol days and like if he came in and you could make any kind of connection, he would give you kind of this rise smile like open up a little bit. Yeah. But if you didn't really have anything to offer, he, he wasn't like, he wasn't a guy that was gonna walk in and just be like, what do you guys wanna talk about? Like let's go and just different guys have different personalities but that's the part of the game that I get frustrated with. 'cause I'd love to know like what Carlisle's talking about with his assistant. Like okay, this is, I mean we can sit here and say hey they wanted to attack this. They wanted to try to get Kat confused with whether or not he was gonna come up or whether he was gonna be in drop and then if he's out that we gonna go with Brunson here.


So there's some simple things that I think most of us that watch this game a lot can identify. But I would just love to know like when he's done, like this is what we would do and these are the conversations that we would have and these was, these were the debates that we would have and here's something we did that we knew didn't work and then here's how we corrected all that stuff. I feel like there's still a massive disconnect with this sport that we all love. Where I would like to understand that stuff at a greater level. Finishing there. 'cause as an aside, how many years do you think you're going to reference the second round Celtics knick thing? Because this, this one is gonna haunt you. Well let's see what happens with Tatum because it all leads to, you know, it's a, it's definitely top four.


The combo of those two games, definitely top four worst Celtics losses. 2010 is your worst finals experience, right? Game seven. Yeah, that's, that's the worst one. Were You there? I was. I was actually under the basket. The Lakers were had for the second half watching gal just run amok against a wiped out Rashid Wallace. That was the worst. There's been some other bad ones. Watch themselves not be able to get a rebound in person Pretty close. Yeah. And Sal especially who they had kind of manhandled in oh eight and then was, it was a little like Mhar last night. The the Carlisle thing, remember that Dallas team he had when they had Luca and Ingas and it just didn't feel right and they had it for a couple years and they even, they they, they had that clipper series that they lost four three the year after the COVID.


But it was clear it wasn't it, it was like, has he lost a team? I remember even talking to you in the pot about it, like Carlisle kind of run his course, why can't he unlock this team? And Now you see the team that he has now and it's just clear like this is, this is just such a better type of team for him to have. And maybe that maybe when you're coaching Luca and he has the ball all the time and you can't really have a lot of input a Luca offense, right? It kind of is what it is. It's like having an input in a James Harden offense at some point somebody just, here's the car keys, they're just gonna do what they want. Like how is Ric Carle really gonna help it? So it's interesting that not only does he, he pulls that hard halburn trade off and then the AKA piece, which I think we were all like, okay, they didn't really give up that much.


You gotta do it, but turns out to be this incredibly impactful trade and they really didn't give up that much. And they gave up. What'd they give up? They gave up, I don't know my notes here somewhere, but it was like just a couple meaningless firsts and a couple contracts and that gets their 2026 unprotected was the big Prize. Well because he wasn't, I remember when the trade happened, there was something that I wasn't good on where it was like, alright, so Sicca like this is actually kind of like a Knicks conversation because it's time of year or even after the transactional stuff. It's like, okay, but does this good mean you're a championship contender?


It's like Jesus. Like how many of those deals do you think are even available every year? So like, what's wrong with just getting better? But he was gonna be a free agent, remember in the deal. So it was a bit like, you're gonna give, give up these firsts. And it really felt like one of them wasn't even gonna be that big of a deal. It Was the 24 first that in a bad draft, the 26 unprotected was the one and was like, whoa, okay, That's yeah, that's Not nothing. Right. And it was the Bruce Brown deal. 'cause remember he had the contract. Yeah. Which again, that contract was so funny because he ended up making all of that money on all this stuff. So it was the Jacoby Walter pick and then it's a 26th first. So you're thinking, okay fine, the players don't mean anything and you structure the brown contract this way in the first place, but You also now have to pay aka.


And it's like, ooh, I didn't know if he was, what's that worth? I didn't know if he was gonna stay there. And then as soon as soon I said, look, if they keep him fine, but if you're doing this and he's an expiring, like what are you doing? Then as soon as I had said it, somebody text me, it was like he's doing an extension. It's already understood. Like it's, it's done. The part that I would criticize myself on with the AKA thing. I love the self-evaluation. This is why you're one of the best. Well 'cause I, I've seen him have playoff moments where I'm like, where is he? And then I think he becomes a little predictable at times. Yeah. And then I, I felt like all of that was reinforced where he was relying on game one and then from that point on, the guy was a stud. So I give it to him and I, I think I've even said at times like debating like a couple years, you're like, man, am I gonna vote this guy third team all NBA and looking at it and it's like, I probably don't give him enough credit for the stability level that he is at knowing, you know, he is never gonna flirt with some of these other guys that the guys were paying all this attention to.


Anyway, the other part of the criticism was just that, well, all right, AKA's pretty good. But then you were like, Hey, we're the pacers, like who's demanding to be traded here? Who are we saving our cap space for? So now we're playing aka 37 minutes a night. Or the guy who's had a track record, who's done some things in the playoffs despite this weird stretch where he didn't seem like he could hit a three in the playoffs for like a bunch of years in a row. That's, That was the rub against him. Yeah, I think the part that we all need to do a better job with is like you're assuming a lot that you're supposed to wait around for the better option than aka Okay. Well, but it was a, I think it was a red flag that Toronto was trying to, didn't wanna keep him, I think was the red flag.


But the thing, the thing I remember us talking about when it happened was, you know, we do like, we do these Ringer 100 lists when you actually list all the players and it's like, he's always, well he's always in the 35 to 50 range, right? He's, he always plays 35 to 37 minutes a game. He's been in big spots like in the 2019 Raptors, it's 37 minutes a game on a team that won the title 19 and seven. He made a second team NBA and the 13 mile NBA last two years in the playoffs for the Pacers. He was 21 and seven. And I think it was really smart, the question I had and you really felt it. 'cause they started out 10 and 15 illa.


Yeah. And it was like, is this guy the right fit for them? Because Halliburton wants to play fast and it doesn't seem like Sicca always wants to play fast. And it seemed to me, especially when Halliburton wasn't playing well the first two months, it always seemed a little push and pull with the pace with them. And I think what's been great about AKA is he's embraced, he's, he's now like supercharged himself and the pace he plays with now, I've never seen him play like that. I think that was one of the reasons he was so special in this conference finals was he was, you know, flying, it really did look like mid two thousands, Sean Marion. That was what it reminded me of. Like some of the stuff, I mean I think he's a little bit of a better offensive player, but I thought he was that impactful offensively and his ability to guard basically every player on the Knicks.


You know, you don't ideally want him on Brunson, but if he got on a switch with them, he could handle 'em. But he could also guard towns. He could guard bridges or an ob like pick a nick. He could guard 'em. So I thought, I don't know, I I, I I, I wasn't like upset that he won, but I just think in general, I don't love those things when I, so most unconventional finals teams we've ever had, and I would define unconventional as your season wasn't very good or you don't have like a, a clear top 10, top 12 guy in the league. So we just go back 25 years. The 23 heat team that beat the SE in seven was 44 and 38.


But they had Butler just for whatever reason in that buck series and for a little stretch there just seemed like he was one of the best six guys in the world. So it made sense. But when you look back, maybe not as much 2020 heat bubble year 44 and 29. I just think all bets are off in the bubble. I thought of the 14 spurs. 'cause they didn't, they had like dunking at the tail end. Kauai wasn't Kauai yet. Parker at the tail end of his prime, they went 62 and 20 that year. They made the finals the year before. Parker was second team on Babe, then he played 29 minutes a game. I, you know, it was a little unconventional, but I can't really give it to him.


Oh seven Cavs 50 and 32. But they had young LeBron who, you know, that fit the prototype of like, you could make the finals with an awesome guy. Oh four pistons. They were 54 and 28. But that was probably the best defensive team of the century. I don't know how unconventional that was. And then the 99 Knicks is the only other ones lockout season. They win 27 and 23 Ewing gets hurt through the eight seed and they somehow get to the finals. Anyway, I would put the 25 pacers up against almost anybody. Especially the odds would reflect it, you 28 to one win the conference and you win the conference.


Even when we would talk about it in this po I, I think I was higher than them on them than you. But I, and I also wouldn't have said this is the team that's gonna make it. I thought they were sleepy, but I thought the Clippers were sleepy too and they got bounced in round one. You know, I think this is about as weird as it gets SSC for the finals. This is, this is as wildcard as we've gotten in either conference. Do you know It lasts time. There was a one four matchup in the finals When Your least favorite finals of all time. Which one?


I have a lot of least favorite finals. We just talked about it. 2010 Laker Celtics. Oh seven games. Do you know how many times the four seed has won? It's not good One time. You know how many times a team that was plus 200 or more in the odds heading into the finals has won? I think it's twice. I think it was the 95. The 95 rockets and the oh four pistons were the two. Do you remember the, the four seed, the B2 one seed?


Who was it? Your Celtics in 69? Oh 69. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. That's which is one of the weirder finals. But you, there's just some similarity. Well there's actually no similarities because that's the Boston team that's has this legendary run and it's like, okay, they're done. But yeah, I think there's, there's still a lot of meat on the bone of like who the pacers are because as we sit here all impressed with them. I'm undaunted in that like this is normally not how it goes. Let's take a break. We're gonna bring in Van Lath and talk about the Knicks.


This episode is brought to you by MICHELOB ULTRA. We all have our routines during the playoffs. I'm the same man who once wore the same t-shirt every single day during the 2003 baseball playoffs. I'm the same person who will tellt my wife to come into the room when I need a team to win because she's good luck during the NBA playoffs. These are things that happen. Well MICHELOB ULTRA, a great addition to any game time routine. It is a superior LIGHT BEER. It's really great. And they're getting fans closer to the game with exclusive prizes, including court side seats to see your favorite team play sign memorabilia lots more and the for your chance to win at MICHELOB ULTRA dot com slash courtside MICHELOB ULTRA superior access Courtside 2024 to 2025 sweepstakes no purchase necessary. Open a US residence, 21 or older ends on July 1st, 2025, multiple entry periods. Visit MICHELOB ULTRA dot com slash superior access slash courtside for free Entry. Entry. Deadlines and official rules, message and data rates may apply void. We're prohibited.


All right, van Lathan is joining us. We're gonna get wacky. Van, how you feeling about the Pacers being in the NBA finals? We just talked about this for 35 minutes. I think it's good. Wow. I mean, Wow. Yeah. Great start. I mean, look, what do you guys want me to say? I think they're a fun team that play. We book this guy. There you go. I mean, I mean I don't, I'm really kind of, I think it's a much better story. The Nicks are in the finals. Okay. Make the case. The Knicks just bring a lot with them to the finals. They bring a lot of different storylines. A team that has an incredible cultural identity in the NBA.


But when you look back in their history, just not a ton of winning. So that means you have something that you normally don't get, which is a gigantic market with a storied franchise, but also a starving fan base. And probably the most fun fan base in the entire country in terms of their ability to be both funny, violent, ridiculous. You know, if you saw a Knicks fan with their dog died like Blue and orange or a a a, if you saw somebody walking down the street and they had an Anaconda or like a python on their shoulders and it had like a K nix cap on it, you'd be like, that's a K Nix fan.


And they're a fun fan base. I wanna see that. Like yeah, you're right for, for that reason and kind of a scrappy, interesting team. I like the Pacers, I'm a Tyrese Halliburton fan. They have an amazing fan base. They haven't been there a while in a while. They, but they're more of a fun basketball team. The Knicks were more of a fun cultural team to me. And culture always beats basketball when you're talking about who you wanna see compete. So, so Vans of Star fucker is what he's telling us Priscilla. Well, I'm telling you is that it would've been fun to have the, He was like, oh that's Shaima. I've seen some of his movies. Can I have the, can you just iso for me here for like a minute on this? Yeah. You wanna go Brunson style?


Yeah, No, no, go for it. Well, yeah, yeah. It might be hard. I'm gonna, I'm gonna take my time. You're gonna Harden it. Okay, we'll go stand in the corners. Get outta My way. Daniel House. So The celebrity shots, I'll admit, like I'm watching a regular season Nick's game and they do Celebrity Row and you're like, okay, yeah. Like oh wow. Hey Bernard King's there again. And then we finish with Spike Lee who a lot of us are kind of like when he started trying to glom onto the St. John's thing, like, dude, are you serious? Like, come on, whatcha doing? But then when the next thing you notice it's like, hey, it's that guy again.


And for whatever reason, like our guy Miles Teller, he's right next to Shala Ma and they don't even give him a graphic, which I imagine when you're at a certain level as like a pretty major actor in Hollywood, when they give the graphic to the person like Shamima who I understand what level he's at, but you don't even get a graphic. Like that's the kind of thing where you're talking to your PR people and I like sha or firing Them, I would say, yeah, I was next to Chalamet after a Lakers game once and I almost, I was so close to just saying, Hey, just so you know, your PR people keep turning down Bill Simmons and we know it's not getting to you. Here's bill's number, just go on the pod and talk some hoops. But I was like, I'm not gonna do that because security might come running over.


Yeah, don't do that. I don't, I don't care. I don't, I don't need it. I I these celebrities that have to stand up fucking court side, like you don't have to stand up. There's nobody in front of you. It's like having a beach house and complaining about an obstructed view. Fair, fair point. There's this massive sideline courtside bullshit that goes along with this. Like I, I felt bad for the pa like Mike Epps was like, I'm around. 'cause the Pacers just didn't have any balance when they were going with Celebrity Row on some of these broadcasts. So yes, I am guilty of wondering at times during a regular season broadcast, but knowing that the finals was gonna be just like we were gonna see a lot of it and I don't know what Oklahoma City was gonna do 'cause you just can't hang with Steeler in this line that, so you gotta bring in Hater The Hat is like the only one they have.


My Other thing person Chin with Is, yeah we get Chenoweth out there. I can make that happen. Eric Chenowith. But The Knicks, the MSG crowd, whenever they would do Celebrity row, very anti jam bands. Trey was always right there on the baseline. Trey from Phish, you can't fucking give him a graphic. Derek Trucks is over there. So I noticed a lot of anti jam band stuff. I noticed the same five or six people over and over again. And if it had been Nick's OKC, it was gonna be really one sided and kind of annoying. And it's like, we got it. The Lady from Law and Order is there again, Once you guys to notice something.


When I talked about the Knicks and their fan base, I talked about the people, I talked about the people with dogs and outside fighting people. You're a man of the people harassing ESPN people. I talked about those people, those are the people that I talked about. I couldn't care less about the the the celebrity row type of stuff. I don't like it, it's not my type of deal. But I think the Knicks fans are a cool fan base up or down and I just wanted to see them in the finals. But I like the Pacers. Like the Pacers are a fun basketball team run up and down the court, you know, three and a half seconds or less. It's fun. It's fun. I'm, I'm, I'm here for it, I'm ready for it. But I thought I really wanted to see the Knicks pull it off.


I have no idea why I was rooting for the Knicks, but I was, I am Pro Pacers Fan base and they've also, so they won three a BA titles in 70 and 72 and 73. Nothing since half Century drought for them. And then OKC has never won. And and if you give them, if you give them the Sonics title and say that was their last title, I have two middle fingers for you. 'cause that wasn't their title. Just like the Foot, just like the five Minneapolis titles do not belong to the Los Angeles Lakers. That's fucking bullshit too. The sonics existed, they won the title and it does not belong to KC anyway, the Knicks.


So the under reaction would be we made the final four, we beat Boston, we had a really good season, we have really good players on good contracts. Why wouldn't we run this back? The east is gonna be worse. Tatum's out for the year. Cleveland got only knows what's gonna happen with them. Indiana might be having this miracle run like we're really talented, we can fix this. The overreaction would be, we've gotta make trades, we've gotta fire our coach. Ben, would you underreact or overreact? I would Underreact. But they're going to overreact. There's just too much for everything that they were able to accomplish and they had by any metric, a really successful season.


Right. There's too much uncertainty for them when you talk to people that are close to the Knicks or like, oh, in and around the franchise. Like He's like having shams hair now. Jesus. Well Hey, if you connect to Tommy To Knicks, oh my god, if You, when when you're connected to Tommy Al Alter, you are one step from almost every player in the NBA and probably the high school players as well. He knows 'em all. I think he's coming Through LA with Kevin Herder Vander you in on that lunch. I probably will be Kevin Herder and then it'll be herder. It'll be herder Tommy and then name nondescript white star Caitlyn Clark's Nephew.


You don't know who that other person's gonna be, but they're gonna be somebody, you know, it might be Bill Hater, it could be be a John Krasinski is gonna be like, Hey, you know, Krasinski is coming. He's meeting us at Bavel. Hater's coming. Don't talk about Barry with him. He doesn't wanna talk about it. Don't Bring Barry the whole thing. I Wanna talk about David Lee Roth with him. Yeah. Oh, Oh wow. Yeah. Oof. Yeah. So yeah, so what's the matter, You got school tomorrow, But it seems like the people inside and close to them, they're unhappy with the brand of basketball that's being played or cat's ability to defend and to stay and drop during this whole time.


They want something different like this doesn't seem to well did You, did you see the, now they tell a story and the Athletic that seemed to be in the athletic engine for four days in case they lost game five, it was up. I think that was the fastest I've ever seen a piece like that up. I don't think the game would've been over for 20 minutes and there was a 4,000 word athletic story with all the issues the team had and then crammed into a couple paragraphs for like two sentences was after they lost to the Nick to the Pacers last night. And it was clearly all written and right. Towns and Thibodaux were the two kind of stars of the piece in Not a Good Way Van. Yeah, I mean I would underreact I think they have a, a, a great core.


I think they got a little injured towards the end of the year. Obviously nobody's hurt, but I think you had Kat with the knee, you had Mitchell Robinson also dealing with some things. I don't know how much you can get out of this team. I mean obviously they need to add, you know, depth, but I don't know how much you can get out of this team in Terms of can't depth and also pay $210 million for seven guys. I Those about the problems that they have. I'm just talking about the problems that they have. So I'm saying to me because they are where they are, I, you know, see if they can run it back and get another magical run and get over the top this time Illa under or over. I feel like I added some tension here for Van. I think he's, he's, I'm glad I laid off Now. You can't, van loves it.


The, the more tension the better for Van. This is where he thrives. You should have saw what I brought up Chewbacca during the Star Wars pod. How he, that was when the pod really took off. You better watch out. There's aba. Kyle Said Chewbacca does have an asshole. Yeah, you I'm sure he, of course he does. He has to take a shit. You have, you better watch out. There are a lot of people out here in these Chewba Star Wars celebration streets that are waiting to see you on one of these walks randomly in LA to tell you what they got. Chewbacca fence. Okay. Yeah, right. I'll keep it eye out. So Watch out. Yeah, If I see a big furry person walking forward to me, I'll just start running. Priscilla Underreact or Overreact Underreact most wins since 2013, first Eastern Conference final since 2000.


They were oh and 10 against Cleveland, Boston and OKC. It felt like it was pretty clear that they were a step below all of those teams and they end up being really competitive with the Pacers. I, I know that there's a bit of an assumption today too. It's like, hey, if they hold on to game one then maybe it goes back to New York for game seven. I think that's, I don't like to just take a win away from a team and then give it to the other one and then say the next five would go the exact same way. Because as I like to say, as all the as outcomes are connected, the reason OKC lays a massive egg in Minnesota in game three is because they've figured out in those two, three quarters in games one and two, they're like, we're just gonna be better than these guys and it's gonna be fine. The same reason why the Pacer's up three one lose game five and see Occam's like, Hey, they played harder than us.


Yeah, they were facing elimination. They were at home. You knew you had one at home in your back pocket and then you probably had another chance, you know if it were gonna go to game seven. So there's definitely a way you could talk yourself into the Knicks maybe being ready for a game seven if that shot from Halliburton doesn't go down and send it to overtime. But this was a boring team that got a lot of coverage for a long time. They pieced it together in a really calculated way. They were smarter than everybody on Brunson. You know, he is a nice player. Nobody thought he was gonna, I'm not even sure they thought he was gonna be this the OG trade. There's no way. Nobody thought, anyone who says they thought that is insane. Yeah, nobody in a million years thought he was gonna be a guy who averaged 30 points a game in the NBA Rick Rick.


His dad is like, shit, I didn't know he was this nice. You know, I remember We did a pod segment that summer where we, 'cause remember they were talking about whether they overpaid or not and it wasn't even the max. It was, remember it was, wasn't it? Well And we were like, we kind of liked it but it was like eh, who knows. Yeah. 'cause I mean it also had like that bad playoff series of the mass. But I don't really hold that against, this is something that Bill you've taught me, especially with some of these younger guys that have these really big profiles and a nice regular season and all the counting stuff that we all love and it's like your first taste of it out there. Even if it's not a conference finals, like you see guys that just aren't super comfortable and they have to, you have to go through that. I think Brunson even had a little of that and now he's like one of the most comfortable dudes ever in these huge moments.


The cat thing is a risk, but you know, it's funny because every bad Randall game and every good Cat game, you're like, how could Minnesota give up this guy? And then you see the cat struggles at times. You're like, this is why Minnesota was like, we're good to move on from this. And the fact that he's gonna be 60 million in It lasts year of this deal, it still goes a bunch of years. The bridges Can I, can I give you the money quickly? It's massive. 49 49 next year. 53, 57, 61, 61. And I mean unless they, unless the league officially legalizes him being able to drive to the basket and kneeing guys in the balls as hard as he can, which I think they made a lot of progress with yesterday because it happened twice.


If they legalize that, I think he'll be unstoppable. But I'm pretty sure that's not a legal play man. It's just impossible to have a guy making that much money unless that guy is going to anchor your franchise and then like win, like ha paying that much. He's become a complimentary player, a very important complimentary player there, but he's a complimentary player. Well and you're just not, you're not gonna be able to win paying a complimentary player that much money if, especially if your Ace is not one of the top five guys in the entire league. And Silla was about to mention the Bridges contract, which is the other looming piece of this 24.9 next year. Then he is a free agent, but they can take care of him this summer, blow out the deal, make it longer, bigger.


But now you're really locked into the team. Oh God. Yeah. But you're probably sitting there going, when Brunson also took what seemed unfathomable at the time, a four year deal for 1 56 instead of the five year two 70 deal, which is like Peak Brady going, yeah, that's fine. I'll take way less than everybody else. Oh we didn't bring in any receivers again, why did I take a pay cut? They, they did that to for like five straight years too. Look, when this, when this team got rolling and you saw the pick and pop and picking stuff like all of the different combos of Brunson Kat where you've got these two great shooters, KA for a big is is fine. Like even when it's ugly it still works way more than I ever want to think that it's going to work. When it starts, you're like, this is gonna work.


You're like, ah, it kind of worked Again, their offense by month, let's go over it right now. October 3rd best in the NBA November, the best offense in the NBA December 3rd best offense in the NBA January the sixth best offense, February 13th, best offense March the 21st. Best offense, April 18th, I think it was only like eight games pre all-star. The second best offense in the NBA after the all-star break, the 11th best offense. So really this becomes a conversation of like what's going on here with this group? How much flexibility do they have? The other problem is if you look at their starting five from January 1st until last night, that's a negative group. Negative 1.4 points per 100 possessions.


Okay. In the playoffs, their starters out of the 16 playoff teams, they were ninth in PL in net rating, I shouldn't say plus minus in net rating here of all starting groups. You know, number one is KC plus, you See the thing by the way, the shat and who's the other guy who had the best net rate one, right? Yeah. Right. They had the best plus minus on the team in It lasts round. Yeah. I mean Reggie Miller had a few last night. He even wondered out loud on the broadcast, he's like, well sham it take bridges minutes. You're like, no. And by the way, Tibs, when he tried to figure this out, get back in, he closed with the five guys again, right? Yeah. So number one and number two in pl in in net rating again for starters, OKCs plus eight, the Pacers are plus five and a half.


And the Knicks were on the negative side of things with that starting group. So I think this is a huge win. Celebrated Knicks fans who you've been, what they've done building towards this all the transactions. But there is a hard conversation about who they are and what Kat is or isn't. And that's the whole reason why a really front, a really smart front office in Minnesota, and I know some people argue it's more about the contract, but a really smart front office was fine moving him for Randall and Di Vincenzo. Can I give you one other thing Ben? Sure. Because I agreed with everything Illa just said and if you're evaluating this next team and you do glass half full and it's like that was an awesome season.


We were one of the four teams left in the playoffs. There's some, we got Mitchell Robinson back with 17 games left and by the time we got to the third round, he was huge for us. Let's run this back and see what we have on top of everything Celo just said. So the Detroit series, they're down eight in the fourth quarter of game one down 11 with six minutes left in game two down 10 with nine minutes left in game five and down 10 in the third quarter of game six in the Celtics series. They trailed by 15 plus in the first five games in this pacer series, they were down double figures in four of the six games. This is a team that routinely was behind trying to claw itself back with weird lineups and whatever.


And I think at some point you are who you are with that stuff. If you're like, look at O-K-C-O-K-C who's fucking awesome and is putting together one of the great seasons in the history of the league. Like they killed teams at home, right? Every time they played at home basically. Except for that first Denver game, they were destroying the other team, right? And at some point that's kind of our, you are who you are and I, I think the reverse with the Knicks is like, if you're five guys together, as good as they are on paper, don't play that well together. And then we get to the playoffs and you're always falling behind at some point that has to mean something, right? I mean, yeah, but you know, there's a certain point where anomaly becomes consistency, right?


It becomes part of your DDNA and part of who you are. Maybe they get comfortable when they're down a little bit. Maybe it's a a part of of who they are and and and the, the makeup of their team. I will say this though, it was easy for them to come back against the Celtics. The Celtics don't have the heart of a champion. But when you, when you Right, When you won The title last year, like literally 12 months ago, Lot of injuries, Lot of stuff went their way. Yeah. Lot of stuff went their way. Choose your own adventure of do you want this team's best player to not play? Do you want Pingus to turn into a zombie?


I dunno. But I will say something about the game. One of this series Celo hit on it and you know all the observations he made about how any series goes are obviously correct. I will say something about this game now. I was watching it at Bill's house. I had stopped and started talking to Ben about Martin Luther King Jr. That's how over the game was. We were Just going fifties and sixties civil rights for An hour hour. Were listening to you talk to him. Yeah, Yeah. Like we were, I was, me and Ben were having a deep conversation about the civil rights movement and all of this stuff. Ben's asking all of the questions. I'm gonna put a kfi on his history. He's doing his History so Yeah, Don't, don't No, But I'm Saying it wasn't throw he's interested Bill.


Yeah. 'cause you asked him what he's studying and he was like, I'm doing history. Here's, here's what we're working on now and the Knicks were getting whatever was going on In that game. He's like, here's what really happened. Exactly. No, actually what happened was Ben came down and he went, yo unc, how do we subvert the white power system? And I'm like, sit down young man. Let me tell you about Dan. I was just listening to Brand Nubian. First of all, people sleep on that. So look, that's how over the game was. And, and Bill who was you know, concentrating on basketball at some point goes, I don't know, seven point game. No, I was in the conversation, it went from 1 19 1 0 5 to 1 19, 1 12. You can't win right here either you're dismissing a complicated history amongst our people or you're not doing your job.


I was like, guys, Nicks are only up seven now. I don't know what's happening. And at a certain point when they lost that game, you know how individual players turned into pumpkins. It felt like the Knicks aura turned into a pumpkin right there that was like three losses because it was so gut wrenching that it shifted the little team of destiny thing and the momentum from that being anick thing to it being a pastry thing. And I was like whoa, wow. This is a game that in It lasts series. They managed to win, they managed to pull off and they didn't pull off it, they didn't pull this game off here. They will probably lose this series is the way I looked at it after that game was over and they were playing from way behind.


Yeah it at for the rest of the time then. So I saw it. I so, so that to me was the moment that it was, it was like a huge moment in that series and if they do win that game, I feel like the momentum that they carried on from the Celtics series would've probably made them a li a much tougher out over the course of the next five or six games. Like So that's the biggest case for the Underreact because this happened two, two other times. Like basically in, It lasts 20 years And I went to one of the games which was 2018 finals game one, which is the greatest game I ever saw LeBron play or maybe anyone play. He was, he was just beating the Warriors by himself and that was the JR R Smith game. And it goes in overtime and they lose.


And I don't know if they were gonna beat the Warriors in a seven game series, but they weren't gonna beat him five outta seven times. Right. And you could see LeBron, he was so mad in It lasts minute of overtime. He almost got in the fight with Curry. He was so mad 'cause he knew, it was like we can't win the series now. We're never winning, we're never beating these teams four times when we gave one away. The other one we've talked about before was that 2008 Spurs Sons, which was an awesome game. It was the year the Suns got Shaq and the Tim Duncan. The Spurs win in overtime or maybe it double overtime and you just felt like, I don't think the Suns can beat that team for four times after blowing that game.


So with the Knicks, like if they win game one, maybe that does flip it. And I think that's what you'd have to talk yourself into. With that said, if I, if you had, if you told me is tips coming back? Is tips not coming back? You have to bet on this. I think I would bet on him not coming back and I think I would bet on them finding somebody else, and I don't know who that is, but I think it's like 45%, 55%, it's in that range. But I just feel like somebody's gonna get blamed because the deeper issues are how far they're falling behind every game. And it was starting to get a little fluky with the comebacks and that's how you have to look at a big picture. The the, there's a Giannis piece we still don't know with Giannis.


I still think Milwaukee should keep them and until Gianni says Trade me and I wanna go there. And that might be Golden State, that might be the Knicks. That might be, who knows, he might be Houston sounds great. Or he might say, I don't wanna go anywhere. But if Yanna says I wanna go the Knicks, there are trades you could figure out with that. So that that's the only real blow up trade because Illa is smiling because You're acting like you don't have four of these written down. Well I have two, Lemme throw this at you. Alright, lemme throw this one at you towns for Durant, I think Durant has a year left, but you can extend them and the salaries actually work as a one for one Towns, if you remember, has a whole friendship history with Booker.


Like they've known each other since they were kids. They have the same agent. There was a I, well I remember we got pitched this at The Ringer in 2019 towns and Booker and Russell all wanted to do a podcast together and they all lived in different places and we were like, there's no way. But like now we would've the technology, DeAngelo Russell, your guy, Oh DeAngelo, Those three guys are all friends together and the same age agency, all that stuff. And I'm thinking if they don't have a ton of outs with Durant and if you're the sons, You don't have a lot of ways to get better. You want like, and Booker loves towns and I think they're still buddies. Is that a way to get outta the Durant business? And then if you're the Knicks, you have this one year run with Durant, you can talk yourself into Mitchell Robinson 30 minutes a game.


You're out of the towns defense business. You've kind of sold high, you got outta rando, you got out of towns with this big contract coming Priscilla, is that something that would intrigue you if you were the Knicks? Yeah, I think I'm more into it if I'm on the Knicks side of this thing. And I think it is worth in this kind of like, I think we're all being pretty positive here about the Knicks. 'cause I don't really know how you get, I mean you can be disappointed but I don't know that you can be mad about anything that's happened this season. This has been a great season. Huge one. Like how it played out with Cleveland falling apart and then the Knicks taking Boston now and you get to take Boston on top of everything else, you know? Yeah. Literally out like out maybe for the decade.


Right. That'd be long. But we'll see. But I wanted to add in just the Mitchell Robinson part of it, I think I get why Embi stepped on him last year. Like maybe Embiid was smarter than everybody else and realizing like, hey, when this dude is out there, he's a problem. Even though I probably focused on, you know, I just don't like guys that are as a zero threat on offense. And then I always thought it was odd with him where he'd be complaining on Instagram like every now and then Van, he would have like a post where it's like, I'm not just here to rebound or something. Like, dude, there's a Lot lemme cook. Yeah, I don't like, Like dude that cannot, don't have a kitchen asking to cook at the NBA level.


And I saw him, what in the LA Fitness run, he looked really good, right? I think my dad was playing in that game. So look, I I would be more into this thing. I, I think this is really interesting 'cause you're like, all right, Mitchell's there. It's, it's Durant I think is probably a better happy destination. 'cause I think I'd always be worried. He is like, all right, I'm getting Durant. Like what's the expiration date on his happiness here? Because there seems to be a bit of a track record with that. Sure. He is a little bit older, the cat 61 million years from now. I think it's alarming, but it's also what will it look like in relation to what other salaries are gonna be if this cap goes up 10% every single year. So that's another factor with that. If I'm Phoenix, I'm probably gonna have to reset this around Booker.


If he's cool with going through that, which again, it seems like all indications that, you know, he's probably a little bit more bought in than you would think from the outside. But that might be something where you're delaying it all around him. 'cause you're bringing in a more expensive, younger, flawed player than what should probably be a quicker reset on Phoenix. Like Phoenix seems like they don't want to get, get this over with, but it, it probably means Durant's moving out and then they're rebuilding around this whole thing. I, I don't know that I'd want be in the cat business for four years and look isn't aside. I'll you can, You can make one case for the cat business though quick. I can't Stand watching him play a basketball. And that is unfair to him and his production.


I mean his plus minus regular c He's the most Frustrating guy. I can't fucking stand it and I know it's better than I'm giving it credit for. He's so that's a me problem. I need to work on Me good basketball player. He's right, He's really good. He's got some major flaws, but I mean there's, He has to be in the top 20 of any, if you're making a basketball list, he's one of the 20 best players in the league and he's been conference finals. I've Finals, I've Conference finals two years in a row on different teams. So it's not like you can't succeed with him. And that would be the case Van be like, we get outta this to ramp business. He's leaving the year anyway instead of like getting this three for one, two for one, we're getting a top 20 guy back from him who our best player really likes and we could maybe redo this any play center.


And he rebounds and he's 24 and 13 every game and he's had real success. I mean, look it on the, I I'm pretty much aligned with Resow on the Phoenix part of it. I I like it a lot less on the New York, New York part of it. It seems like it makes a lot of sense. It seems like it gives them flexibility in the future to build the, the type of team that they want to eventually, you know, give it a get over the hump for the first time since like 1972 or whatever it is. I will say this though, like the tips part of it is interesting to me because for as much success as they, as they've had his style of basketball and his overall being greats on people, it wears on people. He grinds out a fan base and you normally don't see a fan base that like has been in ind doldrums and has had the success that the Knicks have had over the past year this year.


Like really want to move on from their coach. It's like he's the ultimate Fairweather type of Nick's figure. It's like we're winning games. Oh, Tibs might be able to stick around, look at what able To do, we winning games. But Tibs drives me crazy, right? And so now, and so now I, I think that if you ask most Nicks fans, they want a fresh coat of paint on their head coaching position. And I don't And, and that's despite all of the success. They don't believe that they can win with the way Tibs does. The things that he does. Well, The, I mean the case against Tibs is the, the thing, and we've talked about it on a few pods even before these playoffs. Why is he doing the minutes this way?


What's the point of this? And then you get to the playoffs and he completely flips how he's doing the minutes and all of a sudden it starts playing guys who hadn't played forever who were actually pretty good off the bench. And it's like, why not use the regular season to try more different, you know, more lineups, different combinations, get people out there and, and then when you get to the playoffs, you're doing it from a position of strength and instead it felt like he was throwing shit against the wall. And I think that would be the biggest criticism with them. It's like, yeah, of course this wasn't sustainable. You're trying to win a title with six guys too hard for four straight rounds. So I don't know, Seven guys.


I mean Miles was, But he kind of lost, it seemed like he lost confidence in miles as it went along. So if Giannis did ask for a Nick trade, listen, I was on the trade machine. I put on my trade machine outfit, put on my goggles, my overall overalls, fireproof painter, cap fireproof overalls, my painter's cap. It's really hard and it has to be a three teamer. And I think it's gotta be towns and OG together and towns and bridges together. And you need a third team. And I think the third team would have to be the Spurs and the Spurs would be getting either OG or Bridges. I think, I think the bucks end up with towns and Vaal and multiple first round picks from, from San Antonio.


And then the Knicks would get Giannis. But they would have to take a couple contracts, they'd have to take Conant and they'd have to take Uzma. And I don't think this will happen because if I'm walking I just wouldn't do it. I'd rather, I'd rather keep Giannis, take him into February. And if we have to trade him, then I just feel like I have more leverage at that point. I wouldn't do it. I would not trade Giannis. I am on the record. I the east is weak. I'd keep him, he might be the best part in the whole conference. Keep 'em, figure it out. Indiana has shown you that maybe if you build the right team around a great player, you can move your timeline faster than you thought. So I would not trade him. Would you? What, what would, what would happen for you to have to trade him Illa?


What would you need? Just like the be overpowered with picks, what would it be Before the combine you and I, your statement there. I absolute agreement with after the combine. I would just get it over with now because I think at this point you can get a ton for him. I think if it gets weirder, whether it's before the deadline or it's next summer, I don't know that the value's gonna be the same. And we could talk about the timeline of the contract and control, which is also a factor here. But I'd say of all the topics that I discussed with people, more than half of it was what's gonna happen with Giannis and it was kind of all over the place with different theories and different meanings and here's what the agent's saying and here's what he's not saying and all this stuff. I'm like, this is just way too much noise about something that like if I'm hos I would just get in front of it and try to load up on, on all this because you're probably gonna be trading him and it's gonna be in a, in a depressed market a year from now or next February.


So normally I totally aligned with you, bill. If he's happy and wants to come back, that's all I need to know. You're absolutely right about the east. I mean if Giannis ends up in the west after the lottery, and my god, this east west thing, you know, this is, we're gonna need a summit for this. If I'm Giannis, I don't wanna go to the west. Yeah, I wouldn't wanna go to the west either. Yeah, you Wanna do the LeBron, LeBron. LeBron was smart enough in the 2000 tens to realize like better conference, I should stay here. To me, if you know, obviously if he wants out you, so are, are you saying that you wouldn't trade him even if he asked out, are you, are you, you're saying that you'd hold onto him even if he said, I wanna get outta here. So here, here's how the league works. If he does ask out, he will tell them, these are the three teams I will go to.


Right? And then you work with the deal with those. They're not gonna trade him to somewhere he doesn't wanna go. They're like, Hey, OKC just blew the finals, we've traded you to OKC. They like, I didn't wanna go to OKC. They're gonna work with him. So if he says I wanna go to Golden State, they'll go down the road and really try to figure out the Golden State thing and Golden State, I, you know, literally everybody would be on the table for them. But if he gives them a list of like Golden State, Houston, San Antonio, the Knicks, then you just basically pit all those four people against each other and try to figure it out. We saw this with Durant a couple years ago. Yeah. Where Brooklyn could have just traded Durant, but they actually, he's like, I really wanna go to Phoenix.


And they were like, cool. Their owner's insane. He's gonna give us 230 cents in the dollar. So this works out great. I don't know if that's gonna be the case for 31-year-old Giannis. I, I just, I I think Golden State 'cause they have urgency would overpay and I think the Knicks would do everything possible to make it happen. Because if the Knicks could just end up with Giannis and Brunson and one of the swings, you just figure it out after that, right? Like that's, you have to do that. The title is the thing that makes it interesting with Giannis to me, he was able to stay there long enough and actually deliver to win a title for the team that drafted him. Right?


And so at this point, giving him the right trade does two things for them. Or, or like, like observing his wishes or meeting his wishes. That's two things. Number one, it loads you back up to maybe go get another player that you can get another title with. I mean, they hadn't won in so long or been rep basketball relevant in so long, they just owe him a lot. Like Giannis is the bucks right now. That's, that's number one. And then number two, you say goodbye to him in a way that's like not really contentious and let let's him go start over and, and, and try to do it with another franchise. And you get what you want. Like you don't drag this out and make this into a situation that where he's unhappy or where people are looking at Milwaukee as a place where there's, you know, unhappiness in the organization.


If he asks out, you brought us a title, we had great memories, the whole deal. Goodbye. Let's start over. And we have everything that we're gonna get back from the trade to build and try to get back there again in four or five years. He is not asked out, Right? So we'll see. All right, we're gonna take a break and a lot more stuff to hit.


This episode is brought to you by Uber Eats Summer is almost here and you can now get almost anything you need for your sunny days delivered Uber Eats. What do we mean by almost? Well you can't get a well groomed lawn delivered, but you can get chicken Parmesan delivered a cabana. That's a no. A banana, that's a yes. A nice tan. Sorry. No, but a box fan. Happily yes. A day of sunshine. Nope. A box of fine wines. Yeah, Uber Eats can definitely get you that get almost, almost anything delivered with Uber Eats. Order Now alcohol and select markets. Product availability may vary by Region C app for details.


This episode is brought to you by Yeti. Summer is basically here. And if you're getting outside you need to check out Yeti hard coolers. They're built like tanks, super durable. They hold ice for days like they're Tundra 65 iconic for a reason. Just an absolute beast for tailgates or tournaments. The roadie 32 wheeled cooler, that one's awesome. You can pack it with a ton. Just roll it along and if you want something super portable, the roadie 15 is perfect. It even fits wine bottles. Find your cooler and gear up for summer with Yeti hard coolers.


This episode is brought to you by McDonald's. All new mc crispy strips, new mc crispy strips are here. Chicken made for dipping tender juicy white meat chicken with a golden brown peppery breading. This sounds delicious. It's chicken. So good. It deserves its own sauce. That's right. The creamy chili mc crispy stripped dip. It's creamy, savory, and sweet with a little heat. But strips work with any of their sauces. I'm actually still a big fan of the buffalo sauce. Look. New mc crispy strips and Dip sounds fantastic. And it's only at McDonald's.


So inside the NBA had its last TNT show today and it's been like a almost a year plus funeral for this show on TNT dating back to last year's playoffs when it seemed like it was headed goodbye even though they had ear left. And then we did that whole thing, they did documentary and, and yet it's just moving to ESPN. It's not dying. And, and so on the one hand, I I felt sad as a, as a lifelong basketball fan. TNT was such a huge part dating back to when, you know, 30 years ago, however long it was like, you know, living in Massachusetts, watching that show, watching that show, those games, seeing Barkley join in 2000. You have this whole history, the three guys together were the best.


They add Shaq in it goes terrible for a year, then it eventually becomes good and there was such an essential part. But being basketball fans and it's still gonna continue on ESPN, right? And yet, And yet just, just say what you wanna say. I think ESPN's gonna fuck the show up. I don't care if I get aggregated. S you I didn't understand. I Think they're gonna fuck the show up. I don't think they they, unless they completely change how they do commercials. The show is gonna be different and people are gonna be pissed and Barkley and those guys are gonna be pissed and I think it's gonna go badly. The only way it doesn't go badly is if they do the commercials and they give them the, the, the lengthy segments that you need to have that show work.


They're gonna have to change how they do it. They just paid so much for the NBA that if they don't do that and they do these same short, terrible segments that you're about to see in the finals where it's like a one and a half minute halftime and it's like a 20 minute pregame, if they do that, they're gonna fuck the show up and everybody's gonna be bad. So I'm gonna start there. Ricc, They did pay a lot for the NBA so then to say now all of a sudden you're not gonna have all that commercial inventory because we've talked about the halftime show, ESPN with people that we really like that are on the show. Maybe others that aren't necessarily our favorites. But I barely catch it. Like that's the 15 minute timer to get something done around the house.


Right. For me. And, and if I do catch some of it, I mean it's just a lock. It's like, oh, the best player on the team went to for 10. Okay, Somebody's gotta step up. Yeah, he's gonna get scolded. Yeah. Like, okay, here we go. It's a 32nd scolding. And then I don't know who okayed, maybe it was 'cause everybody was trying to be the TNT show, but the analysts talking to break. Nobody's good at it folks. Nobody's good at it. It's just confusing. You're like, is this, are we in commercial or we doing Carl's Jr. Here? I don't, I don't understand what's going on Going on. It started with P ti I 25 years ago and they're the only ones who are really good at Good. Okay. Thank you.


That's it. Little, little history lesson. I don't, I'll I'll, I actually think the people that are at the very top with ESPN know this and They haven't cared. Whoever's running ESPN has not cared for this entire century about this. This is something they knew was a problem and they just didn't care. They just cashed the checks from the commercials. Yeah, but I, they did not care about the quality of any show they had. Alright. But if it's gonna be on the model of like, we bring it in, but you get to do your thing then don't you think that's the negotiation? Don't you think that's, that's part of it to even get this? I think You could say that coming out of the gate.


Oh yeah, yeah, no, it's gonna be the same. And then you get there and I, I've literally witnessed this in situations I've been in once. Once you're actually there, it's like, oh yeah, that, yeah that halftime's coming now be a minute and a half. 'cause we had, we got this job. I don't Think they're gonna do that man. I don't think they're, they're that okay. I don't think they're gonna do that. They've done it this whole century is my point. So they, so they were gonna have to completely shift what their business motto is to accommodate the show. And that's the only way it's gonna work. Otherwise we're all gonna be met. But this is like the situation where one of your homeboys starts dating a girl that you actually care about and have respect for and you warn him, don't fuck this one up like it's your cousin or somebody like that.


I know how you are. I know how you treat all the other girls that have been around but don't fuck this one up. We're paying attention to you now. I think before they could do whatever they wanted to do with these various shows because nobody really cared how these shows were treated. You know, like nobody really cared. Certainly true. Whether or not you called these shows back, whether or not you took 'em to cut or TGI Fridays, what kind of hotels you guys were staying in. No one really cared how these shows were treated. Now you're dating a girl from our church, you're dating our sister, you're dating our cousin, you gotta treat her right Or else all eyes are gonna be on her when she starts complaining, we're gonna be like, Hey man, this isn't right.


Okay. We care. So I don't think that they'll treat Charles Barkley like anything other than the prom queen I, for the three of us. It would be more fun if they mistreated him a little bit because he would be the all time. Yeah, I'm going to say my piece about this, I don't like how this is going. Here are my thoughts on multiple platforms That happened to me once Van and the guy was married. I was like, you can eat all the dicks. This has been a weird thing though because there was all this stuff said, and you all know Barclay's my forever, number one, there's never, never gonna happen.


The greatest guest of all time too. Well He is my favorite athlete. There will never be anybody that I'll care more about as an athlete than him. I think it'd be weird at this stage of my life be like, all right, nope, I'm moving this guy up. I mean, unless I had a kid. But even he'd have a hard time because it's like I doubt you're gonna be as good as Barkley. This is tough for Chris Paul to hear this, but go ahead. Chris knows. So We talk about it. Yeah. Was like, I might sign, I might not sign. Like Barkley wasn't dumb about it, but he was doing almost a book tour with his contract negotiations.


Remember? Like the live thing was getting involved and like that stuff was happening. Yeah. And that's where some people with their agents, they'll get it out there more and more and everybody just starts talking about it then. It's like the Scott Boris thing, you were like, we only had to pay this guy 200 million bucks. What a bargain. Right? And you don't realize, like it all worked, Ernie had said he'd never work anywhere, ever other than TNT. And if the show wasn't on TNT, then he was done. I've been confused about this show so many fucking times, right? Where I thought last year I was like, this is it. And then you have to look it up and be like, then It, now there's year left, There's another year. But the rights. But now if it goes here and then it's like, no, we're just running, It back's all a show and three of them are like, we haven't signed deals yet. It's like, so You don't have The show show and then Barkley saying he'll never do it again anywhere else other than t and t.


So, oh, I've made my peace with the fact that it's over, but no, it's not over. I actually didn't know that it was that they were moving to ES ESPN as a unit to maybe like two, three weeks ago. I I literally thought the show was over I Because they keep saying it all the time. Yeah. And so I'm totally with you Van and on top of everything else. And look, I would laugh about it, but Barkley dumps on ESPN all the time. Kills. They did it last night, kills them. That's the interesting thing to me. He's been shitting on them so hard for like It lasts 10 years tough. So now for them to be over there, that's so fucking interesting to me. But it also speaks to like Jimmy Pitaro running a thing going, Hey this is a great product.


This is better than anything we've had. This has been the gold standard. This is what every single new studio show when you sit in on these meetings. And I would be in tests of these shows and be like, we wanna be more like TNT, we wanna be more like Inside the NBA a. It's like, all right, yeah, well good luck. How about you let somebody be on these shows more than 12 months and then see what happens. And granted like Well also how about you give them time to actually Let it You relate with one another. They've done some of the pregame stuff they've made longer, but the the during the game stuff and then the post-game goes right to Van Pelt. So there is no post-game show and that's why you have these shows. 'cause the game just happened. And then we wanna hear from the, from the best possible people talking about the game and what that, where they shifted it was they want SportsCenter look, the real secret sauce, the PN is they're trying to drive as much revenue to SportsCenter as possible.


So the faster that they can have that sports center followed the end of the game that boosts the rating for that sports center and then they can get that's 365 days a year. They can just get more money for it. That's not gonna work with inside the NBA. So I I, I don't know, I guess that sports center just goes away and they move Inside the NBA A in there was the only way that would work. 'cause that's what the fans are gonna want. If they mess with any piece of this, everyone's gonna be mad. Right. And that's the part that I can't wait to watch. Like even like little insignificant stuff, if we feel like it's different anyway, people would be mad and that's it. I don't know how it plays Out. They have to do the, they have to do legitimately replica, the exact same show.


Replica, Underdog, everybody or the tweets the go, they have to do the exact same show. It's, It seems like they're hiring the same crew. Everybody's coming. And that was a big part from Barkley Day. Right. They, so they, if any part of it doesn't, if any part of it, I'm, I'm being serious too. If any part of it doesn't move hashtag not my inside the, the the nba. It's, it's, it's going to start. I have a question. How does Stephen a figure into all of this stuff? They already took care of that with the, with the deal that deal's for like first take and he gets his own stuff and gets to do his own.


I think they knew when they were doing the deal, you're not gonna be in a BA next year in the same way. But I'm asking how does This impact his acting? Well that, that we're gonna have to wait and see. Fair. You think? What do you think they're gonna like put him on the show every once in a while? Van, I, I, I wonder how Stephen a, who is Stephen Naysmith who is the basketball authority at ESPN, I wonder how these guys come in who literally have been blamed and lauded for dictating the course of NBA culture. At first it was like even when the league was not as fun to watch these guys would make the league fun, right then it was these guys', criticism of the league is part of a larger problem with basketball culture.


That's how much influence they have. But it didn't really matter to him then because they were on another network, right? But having those kind of guys who as consequential to basketball culture in his same home field, home turf, I just wonder how that's gonna go. I wonder if Stephen, if we, if a month into this thing we pop up and Stephen A. Smith is sitting up there with them just because he wants to do it. Well, You know, I mean there's been so much talked and written about the show, there's almost nothing added at this point. Everybody understands how consequential the show is. I think the most important thing about it, I was thinking back the game five of the, and I remember writing about this at the time, game five Cavs Celtics 2010 when LeBron, when the Sears was two two and the Celtics just kind of killed the Cs in game five and LeBron was bad and seemed kind of detached and didn't seem like my life's on the line, I gotta take care of it.


It's just something was off the whole game and you're watching Going, was this the mom thing? No, no, no. This was, this was just, he just wasn't good. Oh yeah. And it got to Inside the NBA a after and Barkley was so disappointed in how LeBron played. Like he just started talking about it and he's just like, I just don't understand. I'm just so disappointed that LeBron played like that. That's the kind of stuff that made the show so essential. 'cause those guys really care about basketball. There would be moments that happen in these playoff games or the end of a series or whatever these big picture conversations. To me it wa it, you know, the, the, the show's funniest shit. It makes me laugh in a way that I don't think any studio show has, but it was the way they could capture the moment sometimes was so important.


And that's the thing, ESPN can't risk with that show. You have to have these guys after games weighing in in a big picture on stuff that only really Barkley and Kenny. Like, that's, that's where the show really matters and they can't fuck with it. What if they replace Kenny with Mina Ks With ESPN people? Okay. Alright. Just thinking of crossover Peel like off the Stephen a point, like there's no way Stephen a's not sitting at that desk with those guys at some point be on there. There's no way that's not happening. You know, be in the, not the post game be I I'm sorry, I I I would be he'll be on there.


He will be on there on it's the lock of the year. You can't even bet it. He's going to say, I'm going to go on that and it's gonna really interesting. I'm not saying he is gonna now be a part of the show all the time, but like the dude wants stuff and it's worked out and he's not gonna have that show exists without him stopping by for a cameo. Well, can we all agree that the more ESPN juice they sprinkle on the show, the matter the general public will get. Yeah, but that'll be the part that's unfair. There'll be no juice, there's no remnants of any juice whatsoever. And like the second something, it doesn't even have to be different that people are gonna get on ESPN's case e ESPN gets actually too much shit because it's on all of the time.


And all of us were on pontificating 24 7. Like imagine if CBS or Fox who's running NFL also had 20 so 24 7 programming of people talking about the NFL like ESPN's exposure, their, their just the amount of volume there is for it of all of us that were either on it then, or the people that are on it now. It just leads like these other channels. Like t and t is like, Hey, bones is up next. You haven't seen this one yet. Somebody's dead. That guy to say shit about tib in his minutes Bones, he's Dustin, here comes a new charm.


He's Dustin for Prince Charmed Alyssa Milano's back. Yeah, listen, I think it's gonna be discussed all the time next season. It's gonna be weirdly one of the biggest subplots of the year. And I think people are gonna be really protective of the show that they really like and how it's gonna fit into this very strange ecosystem ESPN's weirder than ever And shows. It Really is, it's the weirdest it's ever been. Shows from a, from a shows talk standpoint, One of It lasts major brand connected shows. When I say I'm not talking about like, you know, YouTube shows or other things like that.


I'm talking about brand connected shows. The show is connected directly to a major sporting brand, right? Yeah. A major sporting league that is completely un-PC. Like, doesn't even try like completely un-PC not PC at all. Like we, whatever comes out, if if we're gonna talk about it, they're gonna have, they they don't try at all. Whereas ESPN has tried very much to walk the line and be in the game of not offending people or even dialing back some of the political rhetoric of the past couple of years to not offend people.


But when Barkley talks about San Antonio, he talks about the big old women in San Antonio. He, he, they, he's going back to the jokes. And so like all of that stuff, whether or not that melds with the culture at ES espn, which is a lot more buttoned up than not sure There's much culture left anymore, but Well, whatever that the absence of culture then, so they gotta be able to do their exact same thing. And Now, you know, if if anybody has complaints, they're gonna have 'em with Disney. Okay. But we're ignoring a piece of evidence here that tells us that they're gonna leave these guys alone, like the bill and myself, ES espn experience. Again, there are different experiences because of who we were with those companies at the time, but the people that we were dealing with, what McAfee is allowed to do on that show is the antithesis of what all of the people wanted to be on the air when we worked there.


Okay. Yeah. So he has freedom of movement with the licensing part of it. So that should be the model that should be, So basically if you license it, you turn it over. Yeah. Here's the time slot after the game for an hour. We're not touching it. I also think like Jimmy and, and Burke underneath Jimmy are smart guys. I do, I I really, I know we take our bill and I enjoy sometimes going down memory lane and getting pissed about all this stuff. But like the place at the top feels much more streamlined now. And I just can't fathom guys that have really good track records would come in and then go let's, I'm, I'm not, I'm not guaranteeing like it's, it's going to be word for word note for note, all the same stuff. But I don't know why those, like if you were telling me there were other people in the past that would still be in charge, other people you're like, how the fuck is this guy in charge?


How is this guy making this decision? Yeah. Oh shit, this guy got replaced six months later and now it's a new Game of Thrones deal. And now this person, because they were in this person's wedding or something else happened here, you're like, this person's making decisions. You're like, what the fuck is going on here? You're like, oh you have to meet with this person. Who's that? Your new boss? You're like, what? You know, I mean, so that doesn't feel like the structure anymore. That Was a good summary. Yeah. Was I, was I wrong about any Of that? No, that was, that was a good summary. No, it's, listen, they're, they're outsourcing something in a way that we've only seen them do with McAfee but McAfee's on in the middle of the day A little different. It's a little different than the spotlight you have before and after NBA games When you're paying 20 million Plus for 20, however 20 billion, whatever it was, man.


Alright. It's A-T-B-D-I guess it's a wait and see. Ben, what else do you care about? You wait, you, should I lay out and have you guys do college football for 10 minutes? I mean, you, you, you could,


This episode is brought to you by the US Bank's smartly visa signature card with the US Bank's smartly Visa signature card. You earn an unlimited 2% cash back on every purchase. That's right. You heard me Every purchase, 2% cash back at restaurants, 2% cash back at the gym. Groceries. Oh yeah. You earn 2% back on that too. New tires, new outfits. New York City getaway all earned 2% cash back noticing a trend. So whether you're splurging on concert tickets, fueling up for your commute or shopping for that perfect birthday gift for the bestie, you'll be earning unlimited 2% cash back on every purchase. Visit us bank.com/smartly card to learn more. The creditor and issue of this card is US Bank National Association. Pursue it to a license from Visa USA Inc. Some restrictions may apply.


This episode is brought to you by Whole Foods Market. From graduation celebrations to pool parties. Celebrate the start of summer with Whole Foods Market. Look for hundreds of yellow low price signs and save on no antibiotics ever ground beef and boneless skinless chicken breasts. 365 by Whole Foods market, organic salad kits and much more. Plus with their house brand 365 by Whole Foods market. You'll find all your grilling essentials at daily low prices. Find these great prices in store and online. Save on may celebrations with great everyday prices at Whole Foods market terms. Apply


college football 'cause we're heading to the summer and then all of a sudden college football will be starting in like Midgut and we'll be like, wait, what? The college football started, what? Give us the three things you're most excited about this year, Man. These young quarterbacks. So you have a couple of guys that are like, you have some young guys that are like really on the precipice of stardom, DJ lag Way of Florida, Leno Sailers at South Carolina. And then you have some guys in new spots, John Mather at Oklahoma that are like really gonna be interesting to watch to see how things go, right. Arch Manning, young quarterback who has a small sample size, but the entire college football world, I would say a large portion of the sports world is gonna be, be watching to see how Arch Manning plays.


Obviously you have K Club Nick at Clemson, drew Owler at Penn State. What, what about Meyer? Garrett Nus Meyer at L-S-U-L-S-U has a completely, I thought he's the number one pick reformed roster. And so all of these guys that are in these different spots first getting their chance. You a also at Alabama. Is Alabama running out? What's, what's going on at Alabama? I, I haven't Are they, are they running out the, the five star that they had that was behind, I can't remember the kid's name now. Dude, that Was dude, I was watching Pacer's Thunder from March this morning. So this isn't You were really doing though, were you?


Yeah. Ty Simpson. I have the Simpson assignments that if you want, but Pacer's Thunder, was it a good game? No, they smoked them. I don't know if you guys want this, but like the Pacers were 35 and 28 on March 10th. Now granted, you know, we know that Mhar missed time. Nissan Smith missed two months, as you mentioned the beginning. They started nine and 14, 10 and 15. They went 15 and four. They had a loss at Milwaukee. The one point loss to the Lakers on the tipping by LeBron. Yeah. And they had, they had an off day before they lost by 21 at Oklahoma City. So they went on this great OKC didn't have Chet defensive assignments.


Halliburton had do on him. Ne Smith had Wallace on him. Stein played Turner. Obviously SJ played Ne Smith and Jalen Williams played Pascal. So there you go. We'll see. We'll see what happens. Yeah. I'm kind of outta season with all this stuff Van, but I'm, I'm bigger picture. I'm doing a big Tuesday college football thing. Bruce Feldman's coming on this every year. Every year. Now a sport I love disgusts me far more than any other sport. Like this sport is fucking gross. It Rotates. You don't ever know what the sport's gonna be. No. It's just the new thing where we shouldn't have had 12 teams. Mm. Now we're gonna have 16. Yeah. And the SEC and the Big 10, I don't understand how the Big 10 all of a sudden after two national championships is like, yeah, we're awesome too now because the depth of the conference is not the same as the SEC, but that's not really the point.


'cause I'm mad at both the SEC and the big 10 for doing this. Alright, so you, you ransacked everybody else's conferences. Now you're pissed about how deep your conferences are and Now you want four auto bids a piece. So it's 16, you guys get eight. And then I, I don't look, I haven't read through all the different proposals, but it's just sucks that this sport has no, like David, they need a David Stern who would just go Yeah, actually we're not doing any of those things. And I don't mean to sound like a guy who's, you know, at a neighborhood meeting here at an HOA thing, but for the greater good. And this sport is not about the greater good and it's fucking gross that Stanford plays awaken an a CC game.


I mean you've heard all these rants from me before, but all the latest news cycle stuff with college football, it actually gets in the way of my excited excitement for NUS Meyer dialing it up, taking chances on third and 12th Come slinger. Yeah. Third and 12. Fuck it. We'll probably be out here for fourth and seven. I'm gonna be honest with you. I don't pay attention to it anymore. There you Go. And, and the reason why I don't is because the core is this. I want to be able to enjoy, enjoy LSU versus Mississippi State on a random Saturday. Anybody can enjoy LSU Alabama.


Anybody can enjoy LSU Florida. Anybody can enjoy LSU Texas. I want to enjoy LSU state. I want to enjoy LSU out of conference like lower FCS teams. I want to enjoy college football in its essence. And the more you pay attention to everything that's happening in and around the sport, you just can't because it's not the samet. So You can't block it out and compartmentalize it. It sounds like. I block it out and compartmentalize it. I pay attention to programs, players recruiting and coach movement because the business part of it is such a fucking bummer right now. Every once in a while to Ryan's point, I'll think about the fact that the PAC 12 doesn't exist or that SC has to play Minnesota in conference.


Yeah. And I'll be like, yo, what the fuck are we doing? Like beyond even a cultural standpoint from what college football is and used to be, that doesn't make any sense. It doesn't make any sense to travel across the country and play somebody and then have Penn State come to the coliseum and walk in quicksand for the first half of the game because the guys are traveling too far then kick ass in the none it it, it doesn't make any sense. But You know, can I piggyback on that? Sure. Because having some parent people in my life who have kids who compete in college level and how these conferences have screwed up even beyond football. Like even if your kids playing girls' soccer running cross country and it's like, yeah, my kid goes to Berkeley, we have a meet at Penn State this week.


And it's like, what? How is this college sports? The whole point of the conferences is where you're putting teams near each other so that the kids didn't have to travel that far so that they could continue to do schoolwork and they could play sports but it wouldn't dominate their entire life. We lost that narrative. What, 20, 25 years ago Once the conferences started getting weird. Well yeah. And now it's nothing is now. It's insane. Yeah. I mean I was watching Carter Bryant, the Arizona kid for the draft last night and it was the Arizona Oregon game and I was like, oh yeah, good old. And I even stopped myself like not a good old PAC 10, PAC 12 game. This is a big 10, big 12 game. Yeah. This is fucking stupid. But this started with the Big East when the Big East started to get a little weird and the ACC the first time when they started jumping back and forth and were like, wait, Well you could go back to the big eight.


You could talk about big Eight. Yeah. You know the big eight part of it was, was a disruption but at least all of it still made geographical sense. And the Big East, there was a couple different things that happened. They screwed themselves. ESPN offered 'em a really like straightforward deal for the college football, TV rights. And they pushed back and it was like, well cool, you morons are like fifth on the priority list. It was one of the big forks in the roads of this century for sports. Right. And then they got competitive about oh you're not gonna do this. Watch this. And they beef up a CC and the rest is history. It's just also, it's kind of like a larger, and I don't mean to get too into the weeds on it, but it's a larger conversation about like moving from a society where culture dictated football into a society where money dictates football.


Right. So when culture dictates football, you have different areas of the country that played football in different ways because of the caliber of player and the style of play that that, that comes from there. Right? You had Pat 12 pretty boy football, you had bruising down south SEC football with speed and power kind of the same thing. Grinders playing in the cold weather up there in the Big 10. And these teams would meet each other and it would really be a clash of those different places. But there was dictated by like the kind of talent you could get from where you were and the the the kind of schemes and offensive you knew of identities.


That's what I miss and I've already done this too many times, but for Bill's audience, right? When you threw on a game, you knew what it was supposed to look like. And that to me was fun. You know, I don't wanna drive. I was almost in Nebraska the other day. You know what it looked like. Fucking Nebraska. Yeah, I like that. I turned around but I liked Tommy Frazier The opposite. I would add, I would add these two wrinkles. Oh They'll never make me the c Zara Sports. I'd pushed for the job forever. My best chance was probably the Obama administration because he actually listened to the content. He didn't care. Thank, Thankfully for him we have a college football playoff And thank, Thankfully for him, I don't think people should be, I think if you're outta school, you have to be there for at least two years.


Should be, would be one rule I would make. So you can still have the transfers, you can still all that stuff. Coaches or players, it's two years. If you want transfer you can do it after two. You can keep your eligibility but you still have to make a two year commitment to whatever school. That would be the first thing. The second thing would be let's, can we fix the conferences somehow? That's, I don't know. I dunno what's gonna happen. Like there's who, like what you mentioned earlier about if there was a czar or whatever, that'd be the first thing they did was like, all right guys, this is, this is stupid. Let's, let's, let's start, let's press the reset button and just start this over. Maybe the teams on the west coast should try to play as many the but the problem West Coast teams as possible.


That's a conversation with Fox and ESPN. That's really who you're having a conversation with. You're having a conversation with Fox and ESPN or Amazon or Apple or whomever else is making the money go through the roof to align the super conferences and make it worth their while to do it the way that they're doing it right now that's not a conversation. So We're heading towards, we're just heading toward a 30 team college football league basically that maybe two exists outside of NCA, maybe Two that are 20 or two giant conferences. Yeah. And that's why they're already doing this stuff to be like, and we already get all of these automatic bids and you just go like part of me understands the stronger conference, like some of these schedules, you look at 'em going, you've gotta be kidding me Florida.


Yeah. How you, How do you get through this with three losses and you could be considered a top 10 team in the country but you know, all the conference, the conference stuff on the realignment part of it as Indiana fans hate me because I was like, you, you didn't play anybody. And you also, of the 16 teams, the big 10, I think they played one of the top seven and they of course were one of the top seven and then they had one of These. Then you poo the pacers for like a month and a half. Other fans, you really need to win them back. Maybe Hoosiers res again. Yeah. Some fever stuff maybe for you. Well I'm an Angel Reese guy, so that's What I'm talking about.


Ryan Knows what's up. Made a lot of Progress. There you go. That's what I'm talking about. We still working the game out. We still getting all left hand right. We gonna make them layups. But you Rebounder Great rebounder, great Rebounder. Mitchell Robinson esque. Did you guys see that Cooper Flag was estimated to make $28 million in NIL last year? I never believe any of that stuff. That's right up there with the videos. I don't believe videos anymore and I don't believe NIL That's a lot. Or the contracts for podcasts. Oh those are, I Believe, I believe some of those You signed hundred $25 million deal.


Okay. This seems pointed. No, it's just, I don't, it's just people seem to report some number that at age again and I'm like, all right, I'll put that in the newspaper. Sounds good. The, the 28 million for flag seemed high, right? I I mean I had, that's a lot of money. Like why wouldn't he have stayed? Well I mean I think part of that just, you know, he wants to be an NBA player, you know what I mean? So he, But but he could have leveraged, he could have done the ELI thing. I still think that would've been so much fun if he was like, eh, I don't really love Dallas. These are the NIO conversations that I'm having. Number one, I'm hearing that there are actually high school kids that have committed to various schools that are being paid 10, $20,000 a month while they're in high school for them to keep their commitment.


That's bananas. That's bonkers. That's crazy. That is 'cause you know, now the commitments are worth even less than they used to be because the money talks even more than your relationship with your position coach or whatever. Yeah. The Cooper flag thing, he was only there one year and so him making 30 million and out of from NIL is this from his senior year on or one year Duke, that seems like too much money. I know he some commercial Take to go off, but it was the reported number Or rumors. What was it baked into the number? I didn't see the piece. So I, 28 seems like a lot 20 Tie, I would've guessed like six.


Did He have part of the TV rights in there? I dunno where he is getting it from. Yeah, but you think like if, if, if that was the kind of money floating around Caitlin, if she had stayed for one more Iowa year, I can't even imagine what she would've been worth. Yeah, see now we're, now we're talking 'cause what is she like at $87,000 or something? But the, and this is, this is the part of the WNBA conversation where I would stick up for their salary plight is that it's like, well you make all this money off of the court. It's like, okay, but what the fuck? Like, so you're admitting like, hey, we're not gonna pay you anything an hour, but you're gonna make a lot of tips.


Right? Well they have less games and they're on the old contract, right? Yeah. And they have the new contract, they're negotiating but the league like the ratings for the league are like stunning. And you could argue like Shala Ma was there on the Knick side and Caitlin Clark was there on the, on the Indiana side. It's like, I don't know. Not not not far off From a star power standpoint, she's a massive star. I don't think that she's a bigger star than him. I, you could make the argument, I don't know. Shaima Dune worldwide, he's had some 200, two 50 million debuts. Can I say it's a good argument. So he, so Dune debuts, so he has Dune and he has Willy Wonka.


You know I, I'm in on Shalam ma, I don't want people to think that I'm not in on Shalam Mene, I'm in on Shalam Ma definitely in right. He's a huge star. But I would say that like there is a little bit of wish casting that's going away that's going on with like how big of a star Timothy Shaima is right now. Dune gigantic, two gigantic movies. But the also Dune is like this huge science fiction ip. Willy Wonka is this huge science fiction ip. So I dunno, he's, he's a gigantic, Can I give you a counter? Can I give a counter Go for he's hit the point that is the hardest point to get to where if he has a movie coming out, there's just general awareness that he has a movie Coming up and It lasts.


Person who hit that point was Leo. It was like if Leo was making a movie, it's like, oh, Leo's making a movie. I'm, I'll probably go see that. I think Tarantino's like that as a director. I think Fincher has hit that point. I think Christopher Nolan has at that point it's very hard. P-T-A-P-T-A. But at the same time, like his movies haven't made Giant Money the way some of these other ones have. That's the thing. Like critically Yes. Those of us to the artists. Yeah, for the artists, for the screenwriters out there. Thanks. But I think Leo was, It Lasts one before Shala Ma where it's like, if you see an ad for a new Shala ma movie, you're like, oh, new Shale Me movie.


The question for me is, did did NBJ get there after Sinners Could Did. Or maybe he needs one more after Sinners to get that. But I, I don't know if he's there yet or not. But I think Cha May is I think Kler iss definitely there. I think Kler is definitely there. Cougar's definitely there. I think Mike is right there as well. Sinners is one of the most successful movie projects, maybe the most successful movie project of of this this century to me. Just because it's a completely original story. Yes. That is like incredibly ambitious.


Like incredibly ambitious. All black cast in the south, like not a four quadrant movie Set in the 1930s. Horror like a horror set in the 1930s. All black cast high budget. And it does what it does. It's really remarkable to be honest with you as a filmmaking experiment. What the movie Yeah. Was Able, its cemented kogler. He can do whatever he wants. Now I told Van when we left the theater, the, we saw it the day before the movie came out, right? We saw it like that Thursday at four o'clock. Thursday. Yeah, it was Thursday, four o'clock. I told Van $200 million at least. Yeah, it's guaranteed. Very proud of it.


Gold was one of my good predictions, right? I've had some bad ones, including KC versus Boston for the finals was one of mine. I I stuck with that one all year. Bill told me we were walking out of the theater and Bill told me, he goes, listen, hear it. This Is If the black community just shows up like they should for this movie, I'm telling you the sky is the limit. Did not say that. He goes, because I can say that I tell you that I felt it, I felt felt deep in my soul. If the black community can just show up for this movie like they should, where the sky's the limit. We Agreed it was gonna make a ton of money. It's like Todd Chrisley getting outta jail and then Is he out? He's one of the great civil rights leaders of our times. Oh, did you see?


Did you see what he said? Bill, wait. Todd Christie gets outta jail and he's in his first and you know, there's a whole thing Trump pardoned him. So he doesn't wanna do the, he wants to come back out and still be cool. He, you know, goes on a whole soliloquy about how bad black men are treated in jail and how great he was treated while he was in prison. Todd, Todd, Todd, please clip that show like Todd is, Todd was showing up telling you Like, man, he goes, I was allowed to watch tv. All right, I'm gonna wrap up 'cause it's been almost two hours are well unless you guys have anything else, Ben, you got, we have seven minutes left in the pod.


If you have any one more topic, give it to us. Nah, that's it. I'm, I'm, I'm You're tapped out. I wanna go to the gym out, let's be done. Wants to go to the gym. We don't need to preview the OKC Indiana series. KC is a minus seven 50 favorite and we can do that on our next podcast. I'm gonna preview a Tuesday. I'm gonna watch the March game again. I like what you did. I like what you did, you're so happy about the Pacers. You didn't wanna talk about the finals. Minus seven 50 is a massive line for the finals and I don't, going back to LA you'd have to go back to Lakers Nets. I think to see probably a more one-sided matchup. I maybe the second Lakers Nets one where it's just like I can't even try to make a case here.


I'm gonna ask one question before we go from a franchise standpoint, what kind of trouble would OKC be in if they lost the finals here? It seems like there's not a ton of pressure on them. Obviously it's their first time getting there. They've built pretty progressively over. It lasts couple of years to get here and have this type. But they are such a well put together team, such a dominant team in so many different ways and a lot of young players, a lot of flexibility right now with what they're paying people on the roster. But if they don't win now, if they don't win, you could argue that they need to win this finals to start the run that people think they're gonna have.


Yeah, I don't think they're that worried about it, but I think what's at stake for them is almost like something bigger than the title. Like if they swept Indiana and they finished, they'd be 84 and 18 I think Forc and that just puts them in one of the all time great seasons anyone's ever had. They would always have to be mentioned, which is slightly different stakes, right? I do think Indiana will try to muck it up against them, make it chaotic and try to do what they did with the, with the, with the Knicks and just push the pace and play with as much pace as possible and just try to make it a track meet. But man it's gonna hard, hard. So the opposite of mucking it up, Well mucking it up and just making it chaotic and weird the whole time.


I you're right, mucking it up is the wrong word. Look it office making it chaotic, whatever that verb is. I Had an idea in my head of what mucking Un what and just chaotic ending it up. Is that a verb? Yeah, I understand what you're saying. I'm, I'm being a little unfair Here. They just wanna, they have to do this and make KC try to play with them and that's Indiana's superpower at least so far. Play our pace. You're gonna do what we wanna do, do this with us and then they rope you into it. You're like, this is fun, I love doing this and all of a sudden you're down game one, but I don't think that's gonna work This.


So to put a perspective minus seven 50, it was minus 3 75 against Minnesota and I was like, man, that's, that's pretty aggressive there because I thought Minnesota would be more competitive in that series. They were not but I didn't think they were gonna win the series. This is, I'm looking at it right Now. You would remember this better than I would bill, but were the Lakers minus 2000 against the Sixers in 2001. It was unbeatable but I don't remember what the exact in two thou same year. I don remember what the exact one because then the, the Sixers won game won in OT and it was like, oh shit. Yeah. Team, team versus me. No, I think if you're looking at, if you're looking at OKC bets, so them to sweep the series is plus three 30 and them to win in five is plus two 20. They're down to minus 700 on FanDuel now. But I think House is like already on record as like he's betting the sweep and he thinks Indiana will not win a game. That price is great. You can go against it in game three. All that stuff. I think Indiana could win a game though. You know like, like KC got killed by Minnesota and Game three. Like they, they could young teams especially in the road. I think they bet they were a little different home versus road. I think Indiana could catch him in one of those games, but we'll see.


Alright, RACC sad everyone at the gym Van, a pleasure as always, thanks to Gau and Eduardo as well for producing this and we'll see you next. Alright, that's it for the podcast. Thanks to Rosc and Van. Thanks to Gau and Eduardo as well. Don't forget you can find all the quips and videos from this podcast on the Billons YouTube channel, prestige tv, the Better Sister that's happening this week. I'm gonna be on that one. And then re Watchable is out for justice with Stephen Segal and I'll be back on this feed on Tuesday. See you then.


Must be 21 plus in President select states for Kansas and affiliation with Kansas Star Casino or 18 Plus and President DC gambling problem. Call 100 GAMBLER. Visit rg help.com. Call 1 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org/chat in Connecticut. Or visit md gambling help.org at Maryland. Hope is here. Visit gambling help line ma.org or call 8 3 2 7 50 50 for twenty four seven. Support Massachusetts or call 1 8 7 7 8 Hope NY or Text Hope NY in New York.


This episode is brought to by LinkedIn. During the season, every baseball team plays 162 games. It's a true test of endurance. It's not enough to have a hot month or two. You need sustained dominance throughout. Well, the same is true for your small business. It's not enough to have a great Q2 or even a great year. You want year over year growth that starts with better hires. That'll be there for the long haul to find those hires. Use LinkedIn. LinkedIn has strong hiring data and insights that you won't find anywhere else to help pair you with the best candidates from unique skills and interests to the connections you have in common. Based on LinkedIn data, 72% of small businesses say that LinkedIn helps them find high quality talent. LinkedIn also lets you go beyond people who are actively applying in a given week. 171 million LinkedIn members aren't actively seeking jobs, but they are open to new opportunities. That's a big pool to miss out on. If you're not hiring with LinkedIn, find your next great hire on LinkedIn. Post your job for free at LinkedIn dot com slash simmons. That's LinkedIn dot com slash Simmons to post your job for free terms and conditions. Apply.