
This episode is brought to you by Amazon Prime. Ever finish a movie and the next thing you know, you're totally obsessed. Like I'm talking about ordering a book about seventies film, letting or buying the soundtrack on vinyl, kind of obsessed, whatever it is, prime helps you get more outta whatever passions you're into or getting into. Head to amazon.com/prime and follow your obsession wherever it goes.


The Bill Simmons Podcast is brought to you by The Ringer Podcast Network, where I popped on the Prestige TV podcast this week. We talked about The Better Sister did a re watchable on Monday. It was a really good one. We did Out for Justice, the Stephen Skull Classic. I had a great time. I think I'm turning this into New York Month on the re watchable because we're doing Working Girl On Monday, which is a great movie from the eighties. Harrison Ford's in it. Melanie Griffith, Sigourney Weaver. It's a really, really, really, really good New York movie and just a good movie in general. It's dated in all the right ways. So that's coming Monday. So you have the weekend to watch and I think it's on Hulu or Paramount.


It's on one of those and it's, it's all over the place. You'll be able to find it. So check out Working Girl. It's a really good one. And maybe we'll do New York Month. Lots of movies filmed in New York. Lot of options left. You have to wait and see. Coming up on this podcast, Zach Lowe and I decided to do a live stream right after game one of the 2025 NBA finals. And we were assuming that OKC, who was nine and half point favorites on FanDuel, that they were going to easily win. And then game two would be the game. That's not what happened. Indiana came back and it was awesome and we jumped right on YouTube live after that.


And everything we did was we recorded eight minutes after the game. So that's what you're about to hear. We're gonna take a break. We're bring in Pearl Jam and then Zach Lowe and I, breaking down an incredible game, one of the 2025 finals. Next let's go.


This episode is presented by State Farm. It's no secret that great teams need great teammates. I've been saying this for years. And when it comes to Insurance State Farm is there to help you find the right coverage for your home car and more. Whether you need an in-person or a digital assist, they're ready when life hits you with a full court press, get a game plan that helps fit your life. Talk to State Farm today. State Farm with the assist coverage Options are selected by the customer availability and the eligibility vary by state.


We were assuming it would be an OKC 20 point, easy win. We would have to make weird OKC conversation because they're a hard team to talk about. And then Indiana, Indiana was like, I can't even speak. Indiana was like, we're Michael Myers. You thought we were dead. We fell out of the, out of the deck in the back and we landed on our back. And you looked out there and all of a sudden we weren't there. And we just keep coming and coming. And eventually we get you. And You don't know what happened. I, I can't speak. I've come to the conclusion that I just don't get the Indiana Pacers. I don't get, I don't get how they do this. I don't get how there's at least one game. Every series where they do this, it's Halliburton at the end of every game with It lasts shot, emerging.


I mean like the, the number of clutch shots he's made this season in this playoffs. This is like an all time legendary crunch time heater. And he didn't even play that well in the course of the game. And all anyone's gonna remember is It lasts, shot it. This is the Pacers are unbelievable. And this might be, I mean, look, we've all seen thousands of basketball games. No, don't be thet. Say this was weirder than the Knicks game one. This is, this might be the it it was weird 'cause it was weird the whole time. It was weird. Like how do they have 19 turnovers in the first half and they're not getting run out of the building. It's 11 and between 11 and 13, the whole game. I don't like, it just felt like the strangest, it's the strangest game I've ever watched.


I think start to finish and then the finish puts it over the top. Like I don't, I can't wait to rewatch the fourth quarter to see what happened to Oklahoma City's office. I just can't believe Indiana won that game. It's unbelievable. We have a series. We didn't, we were worried working a series. We got a series 19 turnovers and Lou Doret had five threes I think in the first three quarters. And if you just told me those two things, I would've assumed OKC won by 25. Halliburton was really tentative. It felt like Indiana was gonna lose by 20 plus various points in the game. OKC was doing the thing over and over again where they're up nine, they're up 11, they're up nine, they're up seven, they're up 11. And you just wait for them to put together that last 10 oh run when they're up 21 and the game's over.


And it just never happened. I think they got up to maybe 15, right? 13 or 15 was the highest lead. And it just hovered, it hovered in that range from like 11 to 13, which is not really a range, it's just a small, small range. And they could never land the knockout punch. But then they'd be like, oh, it's back to eight, it's back to nine, it's back to six, it's back to eight again. And then it, all of a sudden Indiana just won the game. You Know what the moment was? The moment where it was like, wait a second, Turner. First of all, Indy made I think seven, eight crazy threes where you were like, that's not going in. Then it would go in. But Turner hit that three the, when he stepped to the left and he banked it When he did that, I wa I was on alert after that.


It was like, oh, okay. All the, all the stuff I was working on for the rundown with Zach might be just going up in smoke. But ok, C only took three field goals in It lasts four minutes of the game. Zach, that's weird. I didn't, I mean, I can't wait to watch the game again because I need, I, I didn't like the feel of Oklahoma City's offense almost the entire game I meant made Not take by the way. Oh, whatever, you know what I mean? I, I didn't, I didn't like their, the feel of their offense almost the whole game. A lot of that is credit to the Pacers. Their transition defense was unbelievable to turn the ball over. I mean, it says 24 in the box score. I think that doesn't include a couple of like, like other, like extra team turnovers or whatever.


They like 25 or 26 and to, to not get just underwater from an avalanche of transition points. But I, I didn't like, I mean Shaa had 38 and it was just, I didn't love his shot selection for a lot of the game and I I thought it felt like he was just taking a lot of shots. Like he had 11 in the first quarter. Would he end up with 30, 30 shots in eight free throws? Yeah. It's too many. And some I didn't like and it felt like they got, I forgot. I thought Mhar really, look, he had 38 points. But I thought Mhar was about as comfortable as I've seen anyone defending Shaa. It was like one of those things where it looked like they'd been playing against each other for 10 years. He kind of knew all his stop and start moves.


Even in the end when Shaa got that last shot that would've put him up by three. They missed it. Emhart was right there the whole time with them. Like pretty comfortable I thought. And, and I just thought they were g they got slowed down a little bit and like not a lot of flow to their offense. A lot of possessions where it was like SGA iso. All right, Emhart kind of stoned me, kicked to JW ISO and just sort of just there wasn't a lot of flow And I don't know if it's because they were playing just one big the whole time and I, and and I I thought this was a good one big series for them. Clearly they agreed, they start Kaon Wallace over hartenstein, but a lot of their best passing sequences are the big to big passing sequences and they, they sort of got those outta their out of their game by the lineup choice they made.


Maybe it was the pressure, the defense, the stage, the unfamiliar lineups like a lot of five out, well not unfamiliar but just they clearly rejiggered their rotation for this. I didn't like the way their offense flowed, but still could we just like you mentioned the Bank, wait, can we say one thing off that rotation thing? Yes. Because I think this is the key to the game. Did you look at the rebounds? Oh, it's okay. 56 to 39. I mean it, it's not 56 To 39 Indiana. So KC goes one big instead of two. Indiana averages 39 rebounds a game in the playoffs. Like if you're gonna say what's the weakest part of their game, you'd say, oh, I'm worried about the rebounds.


Especially against a team that plays double bigs. OKC starts one big down the stretch, they go small ball completely and give up a couple big offensive rebounds to aka. I just why is OKC changing? What they're, they KC is 80 and 18 heading into this game. Why are they changing their lineups like this? Why are they going super small at the end of the games? Like they're the heavy favorites. They're home make. Wait, why are you changing to conform to Indiana? I don't get that. So I was sur surprised. I mean I talked for two podcasts in a row about how I thought probably the one big lineups were gonna be a little bit smoother for the thunder. I mean lots of people made this point too. It was not like an original point by me just because the AKA matchup is a tough one for for the OKC bigs.


Yeah. And and a and a better one for Jdw or Caruso or whoever takes the matchup. But I still thought that they would start like every team just starts how we start and you gotta force us to adjust. And Richard Jefferson on the broadcast is making the point like if you're Indiana, this is a win. Like they've adjusted to us already. And I was thinking the opposite way. I think it was like a cold-blooded, we're going for the kill right out of the ch in Game one. We're not around By way it did not work. They got 19 turnovers in the first half If you like. You sh this is an all time impossible outcome. 24 turnovers to six against the thunder and the thunder don't win.


The game is just absolutely bonkers. Plus 17 rebounds. Indiana somehow ends up at 24 assists and it's notable that OKC has 13 because that's how it felt watching it. It felt like it was a lot of one-on-one stuff. I didn't feel like they were running enough. I actually didn't think like I had all these separate notes. I was gonna be, what can Indiana do better for game two when it seemed like they were gonna lose the number one thing was it didn't feel like they were running. I felt like the pace, I thought they were psyched out by the defense and the steals and the turnovers and they weren't taking off on chances that they had, but it somehow worked out anyway and they won. I think there's things that they can do to be even better in Game two.


So when you say we have a series, like I bet Indiana thinks we have a series too because they're like, we didn't really play that well. We got we we rebounded. Well nobody on our team was really awesome. I mean DeHart I thought had a good all round game topping it some threes, but we weren't running like we should have and we were really sloppy with the ball in the first half. 'cause honestly they look nervous. And Hal Burton even said on that mic thing, he was like, I'm finally getting my breath. I'm finally like, it's nerve wracking to be in the finals. You and I have been in the arena for those things. It's a different kind of tension energy. Everybody's out there for three hours and when you're a young team, you feel it. They look nervous to me and then they're fine. We're gonna be there soon. It's gonna be, it's gonna be exciting.


Obie Toppin five threes after a start in which he looked like a little bit overwhelmed for the first 90 seconds he was on the floor, ends up making five three turnovers Is two minutes. Could we j But you mentioned the bank shot three. Yeah. Which was, by the way, it was a play that the Celtics run a lot where Miles Turner fakes, like he's gonna set a pin down for Halliburton and then Halliburton switches it up and sets a monster like double pin down for Miles Turner. That's a play that Tatum and Horford run all the time. And he banks in the three, there was a lane violation on a aka missed three missed road I that I, by the way, watching it in real time, I was like, that's got, that's a lane violation on somebody. There's four guys in the paint right now.


There's a tipped air ball. Like an air ball that's tipped, tipped in or put back in by aka just like, and And by the way, and also you mentioned just the threes, like Nesmith makes one in the corner on like a broken play where Obie toppins dribbling around trying to find someone to give it to Nesmith makes a three. Yeah, I guess nesmith in It lasts in the fourth quarter of a desperate game is just never ever going to miss a shot again. He's Michael Jordan and the pacer shot 39 threes, 44% of their shots were threes. That's way above their average. And I think it's an absolute must for them of any chance to win this series, increase their three point attempts against the defense that will give, not give them up 'cause they can test them pretty well, but they'll crowd the paint and make you shoot threes and take more.


Increased the variance. And they ended up taking what, 39 threes compared to 30 for the thunder and the thunder took a lot more field goals. That's, that's a big reason they won the game. 18 of 39, 40 6% on threes. Woo. Well tell me if you agree on this. They were firing them with no hesitation and I think it was part of their game plan, especially on the road where you, where OK C's been such an absolute juggernaut and I think Carlisle told everybody you had the three shoot immediately. 'cause you could see these KC guys flying out on the corners on the top. But they, but and I, I didn't feel like a lot of those threes weren uncontested, right?


Wasn't like they, some of the corner threes I guess were a little open, but for the most part wasn't like they were wide open. It's 1 0 6 98 with three minutes left. Ccam misses two free throws in a row. Lane violation gets one SGA makes two free throws. Knee Smith hits the three you mentioned JW, misses Mhar, heat check hesitation. Unbelievable. Has he stepped back three? Yeah, we, I got nothing going on. I'm just gonna make something happen and make a three i I Think it was on Lou dot two. So they're all of a sudden they're down three SGA gets a two, they're down five Mhar gets free Num Hart gets free throws aka blocks SGA Unbelievable play. And the dot somewhere in there there's the dot block where where it feels like The dot block on on Nesmith.


Yeah. Yeah. Where it's like that might be the defining defensive play of the game. And then there's another defining defensive play of the game. 45 7 Akima offensive rebound scores all a sudden Indy down one JW misses out of bounds play. I thought he got, I thought Akaka got fouled they didn't call it. I thought that, I thought that was a, a clear foul fo foul. I was, I was surprised that not only did Indiana not win that challenge, but that it was decided fairly quickly by the officials. So OKC has the ball now 22 seconds left with 14 on the shot clock. They go to SGA who's been unstoppable this entire season and has always scored in this situation. Pretty much. It feels like 90% of the time Mhar plays good defense gets to stop no time out by Carlisle.


And then Halliburton has one of those, I'm not sure what to do and I'm going against an incredible defensive player and takes a long, long two double pump almost. So the semi double pump, what Was that? I gotta, I gotta, I haven't watched it again. I just went, I just like it was fell outta my chair and logged onto the Zoom and I don't really know what happened. It was ugly but he made it. And and there we go. 14, 10 and six for Hal Burton and I felt like he was pretty tentative for most of the game. That's a pretty nice outcome for him. So, so you mentioned the JW Miss three, I wanna go back to that. That is two minutes and 20 seconds left thunder by six.


Yeah, if my notes are right and they're a little scribbly. S because You had a seizure, I don't know what was going on. SGA dot pick and roll up top probably because Halliburton is on dot I'm guessing. Yeah. SGA splits it clean like Halliburton hedges. I think it's Halliburton again. We're doing this live. It might not be Haller but it's whatever. No, you're right. And he's going down, it seems like he's gonna do an SG and it's Down Euro Step layup If you freeze it when he gets into the paint. And he had just gotten fouled, I believe and made two free throws like a minute before, 30 seconds before he gets in the paint. Every single other Indiana defender on the floor is just like, fuck it. We're coming into the paint like you are not shooting this shot and we are also not gonna foul.


You have to pass the ball. Everyone left corner, right corner. Jdw on the wing. He kicks it to Jdw and that's the knockout punch right there. I wrote that in my notes. The Koko punch won't come. He misses that shot and that was the moment where I thought they might, they might actually win this thing and go up one. Oh, I have an important question. Did you think the shot was going in because I did not. The J Dub shot or the Halliburton shot? The J dub shot. I, I wasn't watching the trajectory to be honest. I was watching the release. It looked fine to me. I it went to when it was clear he was, when it was clear he was about to shoot, did you think it would go in, if I'm remembering correctly, he, he has like a little pass fake where he might pass it to the corner and then he decides to keep it himself.


That's always like a mm. I don't know, but I, I don't remember feeling Strongly. I think that was going in, You felt, you felt strongly about it right Away? Well there was, I forget what Denver game it was. I think it was Denver. What was the one where he hit that huge three that I didn't think was going in. I think it was, it was one of the Denver games and it was the same situation and he actually made it that time. He did not make it. I, I gotta say, the more I'm thinking about it, I'm stunned that OKC changed what they did so much in that game. I don't really fully understand it. I thought their biggest advantage was gonna be the size and the rebounding and the, and the rim protection. And I know you were making the case for one big at a time, but even then, like home Chet played 23 minutes and Hartstein played 17 and Isaiah Joe played 11 minutes.


I mean Isaiah Joe, he was fine. He was plus three. He made, he made two shots. But I felt like every moment when they had a swing out there that wasn't an absolute piranha defensively, it was, you were given Indiana like a, a little chance to breathe. Yeah, I, I dunno, it was weird coaching. I'm very interested to see what they do. 'cause I would've started the double big lineup and sort of just modified the rotation. So it's, if it's going a certain way, I go less double big, more one big. I thought the five out lineups, like the no big lineups looked incredible defensively. Like Indiana was just like, where are we even supposed to go? Right? All these dudes are, but you lose all the rebounding. But they lost too many of the rebounding. It was like a ni it was like we did everything right and then couldn't close the deal.


You made key point though, with the foot with the first part in the first quarter they were clearly a shoeing. We're gonna do this for six minutes and then here's the lineup we love. They're like, fuck it, we're gonna try to blow you out of the, outta the arena in the first half. Which they kind of did. I they did, they did. And it was, I mean I just couldn't, like when the turnovers just kept happening, like every variety of turnover. Entry passes, backdoor passes, lost it in the back court. Dead ball turnovers. There was I think the one that put him up 15, by the way, when you mentioned the biggest lead was when they couldn't inbound the ball from the baseline. Oh, TJ McConnell Inbound Pass. Yeah, yeah. And JW dunked it and that felt, again, that felt like a knockout punch.


Like how many times have we seen this game? And the Pacers man, they just keep on playing. They just keep playing. It's, it's really, they're just an, they're an awesome, awesome team and they just keep on coming. SGA had 18 shots in the first half. He was eight for 18 and plus 15 just for record. I'm not gonna Lie. I got, I got a text from an a, an assistant coach who was like, is he gonna shoot 40 times in this game? Like are we gonna see a 40 shot performance by SGA? And it was not a compliment. I saw a stat today somewhere on social media that Shaq was, It lasts scoring champ to win the title. And it did make me pause for a second. I was like, wow. 25 years since that's happened. Seems like a long time.


Wow. Who, well, I, I'll, I'll do some of my notes that I still feel like we can still use because I was gonna ask you this after KC won but now they didn't win. Who is the MVP of that game? Who, if this was hockey, you're not a hockey guy, this is hockey. Who's the star of the game? Who's the guy who skates out last waves to the crowd? I think the guy who skates out last is Halliburton just 'cause he made the shot at the end I think the sneaky MVP of the game for Indiana. And it's just so befitting of how he plays is aka just quietly 19 and 10 makes big plays defends everywhere. You kind of don't notice him for a little while. Yeah. And but he's just a consistent positive force for them.


Miles Turner was good in 28 minutes and then the top in five threes and McConnell kept them afloat during a couple stretches where it looked like it could get outta hand. Those were, that's, those are nine big points for TJ McConnell's minus 13. I get it. It's not like a fantastic game. But those buckets felt huge. So I would say mhar because I thought there were a couple moments where if he didn't play with the confidence that he had down the stretch, I just think they immediately lose. But you could also talk me to aka aka had 10 rebounds. It's interesting Halburn did too because I was looking at the props for this game on Fandel before the game and I had to do that Taylor Fade pick, which I ended up doing SJ two threes which hit, but I was initially gonna do aka rebounds 'cause I was like, who's gonna get rebounds on Indiana?


And I went and I looked at his rebound game log and he is really like four or five six a game this game. He had 10 and he had a couple big offensive rebounds I thought in traffic, like to keep plays alive and in general, I just felt like they kept plays alive a couple times. So did O KC OKC had a couple good tap outs, but if I'm okc, I'm, I'm screw this, let's go big again. We we can't get, we can't go minus 17 on the boards at home. You know, it's interesting, one of the more eye-popping stats in the box score is Chet Homer's minutes, which you mentioned earlier is 23. So and change The second or third best guy on the team.


And some of it is probably because he's on Miles Turner and that's fine. Like that's not a bad to eat defensive matchup or anything. But Miles Turner is a pick and pop big man and Shay, I'm sorry, Chet has made his bones in the NBA and made Oklahoma City's defense superpower by being at the rim all the time. And by virtue of how they are matching up in this series so far through one game, he can't be at the rim all the time. And I wonder if he just doesn't feel as useful to Dagal if he's not in that role. Like he's guarded JDA McDaniels, he's guarded Aaron Gordon, he's guarded guys where he could just be at the basket all the time.


Which is why I, you know, I I I thought that they would start big and I said on my butt I thought I would try him on aka and I realized that looks like a bad matchup for Chet and Woz made this point on group chat this week. He's like, 'cause AKA can just kind of get under taller skinnier guys and do his AKA stuff. And I was like, I still would try it because he's gotta finish over Chet even if he backs him under the rim. And I just like Chet near the basket if Chet's gonna be on the floor. I like him near the basket and I just wonder if maybe I'm crazy, but I wonder if they do start double big if they match up that way. Hartenstein on Turner and Chet on aka. But yeah, they went for, they went for the jugular with that adjustment and they were like, we're not messing around.


And it, it kind of worked and then nothing worked. Can I extend your point? Yeah. I just want Chet in the court. I think he's one of the 20 best guys in the week playing him 23 minutes in the finals game. Seems crazy to me. I don't understand why he wouldn't be out there. I mean he was two for nine. Maybe they thought he looked nervous. I don't know. You made a point you kind of ruined and you hurt my feelings earlier in the week when you did your tib the thing you, the beginning of your pod yesterday. Why? And you did the whole thing about when we complain about coaches and adjustments and then you talk to a coach and you realize they're so much smarter than you. And I was like, don't lift the curtain for me Zach. I want feel like I'm as smart as these guys 'cause I've had, Don't tell me how much, don't tell me how much smarter they are than me.


What, what am I gonna do? I like to second guess them. But my addendum to that would be, and I I should have made it and I'll make it here, is that even if they are a aware of all of these criticisms and are five steps ahead of you, they still, and I think this is what tib where Tibs falls, they still will default to what they feel most comfortable doing. Even if some part of them is like, I should try this, I should try that. Or some coaches will do that. And I think Tibs is like that. Tibs can Tibs could sit down and tell you 17 different counters to 17 different adjustments that you think he should do and why they wouldn't work and still be aware of like they might work. But I'm, he's gonna lean on to what he knows.


But anyway, go ahead. Well, so Carlisle, there's two and I thought there was good miked up moments in this game. Carlisle, they had in the huddle in the first half and he said, you can't dribble into a crowd against this team. You can't throw mid bounce passes into the middle against this team. And which was actually a lot of information from a coach. Usually it's like, guys play hard, you gotta move your legs. But he wa he was basically like, you're entering the bowels of hell when you go into the middle and you're dribbling, please don't do that. I kept, I obviously I have to bring the Celtics into this. It's been 20 minutes. I did think today about Jalen Brown and a couple of the other Celtics just dribbling into the middle in this game and how bad some of the plays would've gone.


But then at halftime they showed Carlisle too talking to the team and they showed in the third quarter and he is like, Hey 19 turnovers, we're not playing well. We're fine. Keep doing what you're doing. Keep like, he clearly like wasn't rattled by whatever you saw in the first half. And their strategy was like, as long as you don't turn the ball over, we're gonna shoot threes. We're gonna keep the pace, I like the pace we're at and we can kind of hang around. 'cause that was not how I felt at half time and half time I was like, they're gonna lose by 25. No, at halftime I felt like I was in the twilight zone for like the entire first half. I was like, is this a real game? Am I dreaming? How many turnovers do they have? And yet the score is only 1211 what I I, the whole game I felt like I was hallucinating everything that was happening, including maybe right now, I don't know.


Did Tyree Halburn hit another last second shot? Like what is going on? Well, so I wrote, I had adjustments for game two that I did before, before the comeback. And the two adjustments I had for indie was indie has to run more. Which I think they're gonna do anyway. I think they're gonna look at the tape and realize like, we're not, we weren't aggressive enough off rebounds. The other one's interesting because his stats weren't good and this is just an eye test and that isn't backed up by any actual information. I let, I thought Mathen seemed athletically comfortable in this game and I'm intrigued by what his upside is for them because KC is so fast and so athletic and they're just at warp speed.


And I just thought he looked comfortable in the chaos in a way that I, I'm wondering are we gonna hear from him in this series with one of those game? So when one of those games, you know, when Matt Arnold have those games where he is like, he scored 27 points in 22 minutes. I feel like that, I feel like he's gonna have one of Those. So another sort of Rick Carlisle just pushes all the right buttons all the time. Top end looks overwhelmed immediately and has a disastrous two minutes. Some coaches would be like, it's just not, not gonna be his night. Like I'll just try him one more stint if it doesn't work out. And like, yeah, he, we need you Mathen I I thought started the game also really bad. He had a couple offensive possessions where he hesitated and the whole flow stopped and Carlisle yanked him quickly after one of those possessions and then put him back in the game.


I thought we, I thought we might not see him again after that substitution put him back in the game. It's not like he did anything amazing. He was one for five, but I thought he got to the line for four free throws and just looked again comfortable and he liked to Pace the speed. The Pacers, when you talk to their people, they view, they view these series like holistically. They, they are thinking, they, they try to hold adjustments in the bag for future games instead of panicking and overdoing it right away. Like even if they're big underdogs like they are here, they're sort of playing in their head as if this is gonna be a really long series. And I think trusting those guys to keep playing is like we're gonna need them at some point in the series.


It turned out they needed him today. That's a good Point. Thomas Bryant even comes in and scores five points corner three at the end of the third quarter. Like ev just, okay, His corner three is starting to look. Ray Allen esque boy, he's one where I think it's going in. Yeah, when, when Thomas Bryant's lining up. Lots more to discuss. We're gonna take a break for the podcast. We'll keep going on the, on the YouTube here.


Hey sports fans, we got a big day of games on Saturday. FanDuel wants to make the most of it right now for one day only. America's number one sports book is giving all of its customers a 50% profit boost to use on any bet across any sport on June 7th, we're talking baseball W-N-B-A-U-F-C. You can bet on Kevin Holland. You can bet against Sean O'Malley baseball. You can bet on Garrett crochet to give up under two runs and then the Red Sox to blow a tie game in the, in the ninth inning. I don't know how you bet that but you could do that. Whatever, whatever you want, you get a profit boost, it's 50% and if you think you know what's gonna happen, knock yourself out. This offer is only valid for June 7th. Don't miss your chance. Visit FanDuel dot com slash bs to join today. Make every moment more with FanDuel. America's number one sports book Must be 21 plus President Select states are 18 plus and President DC, Kentucky or Wyoming Opt-in required bonus issued as no travel profit. Boost tokens restrictions apply including any token expiration, max wager amount C terms at sportsbook dot FanDuel dot com game prom Call 100 GAMBLER or visit rg help.com.


This episode is brought to you by HubSpot. Growing a business it can feel impossible but HubSpot's customer platform I promise can help you. It's powered by a suite of AI tools called Breeze so you can generate more leads, close more deals, and scale your service fast with Breeze agents handling the busy work, customers are cutting sales cycles in half and saving hours on work each week. Best of all, you can see results in days, not months. Visit hubspot.com/ai to learn more.


So Halliburton, Yes, What a rollercoaster ride for this guy. From a big picture standpoint, I think if they lose this game by 1215 Halliburton becomes on the TV shows the next day the where's Tyree Halliburton, he's gotta step up. It's the finals up. You Love up to step but you love the step up guy. He's the step up guy because I thought he was a little tentative, but, and sometimes he's tentative 'cause he is trying to feel out the game In this case he's going against like an actual fish tank of Piranha. And I think going from the speed of what he was going against against the Knicks and just trying to hunt Jalen Brunson in towns for two weeks and then you see this team and you're like, I who, who do I hunt?


I I, what do I do? But I, I thought he kept tossing the car case to Mhar in smart ways. He didn't, you know, they had all these turnovers. I think he only had three. A lot of the turnovers were Turner and Nesmith and then those three topping and McConnell had a couple, but I don't know, I I expect him to be a little more assertive maybe in in Game two as well. I think they have some moves left. I think that bullet's in the arsenal for the next game. Well when you turn the ball over 25 times right, you you just like, like that's one bullet in the arsenal is just don't do stuff like that. Take Care of the ball well so they had five in the second half, which is a good sign too if you're in Dan and you're like hey let's play like we did in the second half, Another three and I think it was in the fourth quarter and I don't remember which one if we're talking about just everything's gotta flip right?


Kind of plays for you to come back and win a game like this. But there was one possession where Knee Smith almost got stripped of the ball like four times in two seconds he was in the paint then he was under The rim under the basket. Yeah. Yeah. Somehow Didn't lose the ball and found Toppin for a three. And that was also why I don't, I think that was in the fourth quarter. I was like, I don't understand. I just don't even understand what's happening anymore and they just keep coming. So there was a lot of talk last season of about this sameness of the, of the styles and the teams and, And by the way there was talk on your podcast and my podcast about it. Are we heading toward a world where everybody has the same offense and plays the same way and it's all about just hunting matchups and shooting threes and having two guys in the corner and four guys stand around and then one guy comes over and sets a pick and that's just gonna be basketball and OKC in Indiana, one of the reasons I think we had so much trouble wrapping our heads around game one as we're watching it was neither of them play like that.


I mean OKC was a little predictable with the SJ stuff, but for the most part you have OK C's playing small ball down the stretch. Their defense is unlike anything anybody else has. Indiana is just a hodgepodge of I don't know what the fuck is going on and and there's just a natural chaos that both teams have that makes me think maybe this series is gonna be better than we thought. I thought it was gonna be okay seeing four or five. I pick five. I think you picked five too. I picked Five. Yeah, I don't, not looking good Respect for Indiana Not looking good. OKC and five. Well, Well because you figured OKC on the road's a little bit different, right? It's, it's gonna be a little more, little more grueling for them.


I mean could this be like the Philly Lakers series in oh one where Philly steals the game in Game one and then the Lakers just dispatch them after that over the next four maybe. Maybe it doesn't feel it it right now in the wake of that game. It doesn't feel like that because Oklahoma City looked a little confused is the wrong word. They just looked a little like off trying to figure out what to do against Indiana and how this di this different team that plays differently. Well it was a little like the first Denver home game where they had, they controlled the game for 44 minutes and then something weird happened.


Them I also think they were going to slow and they stopped kind of looking sometimes this is obviously the all time example of this where It lasts few years of the Celtics where they would have this lead and they would change how they played to kind of almost protect the lead and change their identity in four minutes. And I, I felt a little of that with them In the offense. Yeah, I re I wanna rewatch the, the fourth quarter 'cause I think Indiana just began selling out to the paint. Like we're just gonna make you guys make threes. We're not giving you thousand, we're not giving you layups. But Can you look for Chet Holmgren as you're rewatching the fourth quarter? He's always, he's easy to spot when he is on the bench. He's very tall. He's The guy on the bench going, looking at the coach over and over again going, am I going back in?


I'm like the 19th, I was 19th of The Ringer 100. But, but when you, I mean like yes Oklahoma City. I thought play, I thought they played too slowly almost in like a Knicks kind of way where there were a lot of possessions where there was 13 on the shock clock by the time they just walked it up and there's 13 on the shock clock. By the time they did anything like, like part of the slowness for both teams, not you, you've suggested both teams run more. It's like these are two of the three or four if, if even that many best transition defense teams in the league. Like it's hard to run against these teams 'cause they're super fast, super athletic and super attentive to just like, we're not giving up fast break points. But even just taking the ball out of the basket, I thought Indiana didn't play or Oklahoma City didn't play with enough speed.


Indiana will play with speed after you make a basket, they'll be underneath your basket in in five seconds. And I think both teams have different tools they can play with to play a little faster. But I thought Indi Oklahoma City kind of sunk into a why are you guys walking it up like this? Let's go like get you're young and fast and that's not how you, that's not how you play. I guess that's, that's how I was feeling about Oklahoma City for a lot of this game other than when they were forcing a million turnovers is like, this doesn't feel like how you, it's too deliberate. It almost feels a little too deliberate for how you guys usually play. One thing about what you said about pushing the pace but being nervous about OKC, it was interesting to watch both Halbert and Mhar when they're going up the middle and they were constantly doing this looking left right as they're going full speed because oh there's no team like OKC that just comes diving in from the sides, right?


It's almost like you're driving on the highway and you just have cars like trying to basically spin you out on your left fender and your right fender. These guys are jumping up and they seem rattled by it Or right from behind. Like if you get a rebound and you start pushing it up like like there was at least one or two where one was like dot just comes up right from behind and takes the ball and Dort, how about Dort by the way, when Dort made his two back, he made like two consecutive threes. One was like a, the Emhart one where he just was like, I'm just gonna iso this and launch a three and then he made another one on the expedition. I was like well tough one for Indiana Lou dot just go go crazy for from three, you know, Well he was gonna be my MVP if they won this game. He's also, it's funny, I wrote this down and then they lost but Jada McDaniels was like this for Minnesota.


Dort is the guy for OKC where if he's shooting the ball well on top of doing the defensive stuff, you just feel like they're completely unbeatable. Of course they Four steals and five threes for Lou dot. Yes. If his threes plus steals are approaching 10, that's usually you're probably winning a, a problem For the team. So I googled like a lot of people at halftime, the record for turnovers in a finals game and, and they weirdly got it wrong in the broadcast. They said it was 34 with the 77 Blazers and it was 36 Golden State game 3 19 75 finals. A game that they won by eight and they had 36 turnovers. And I did a tweet joking about how hey you can do this, but I just thought that was so crazy that somebody turned the ball over 36 times and won.


And now we have a game where somebody turned it over 24 times and and won. All right, so what are our fixes for OKC for game two? You had to make picks here, Play with more just juice in the half court play with more urgency, more speed like I thought, I think they could probably hunt Halliburton a little bit more often and a little bit more effectively than they did. Yeah, but part of that is like setting good screens. Like I don't think they like Halliburton's guys screening for Shaa. Like sometimes you gotta hit the guy, force them to make a decision, force 'em to help a little bit more. And I thought some of their best offense was keep it simple like Shaa going at the Indiana Big men on the pick and roll I thought was more effective than iso ball then getting cute trying to do guard guard screens hunting Halliburton.


Even though as I say that they could hunt him more effectively. I thought like Miles Turner did not really have a good game trying to contain shaa on the pick and roll topping. Couldn't do it even see AKA on a switch once got burned. I, I thought like that's the simplest offense in the NBA, right? Just have your big guy, if there's one on the floor, come screen, get the other team center involved and and go from there. And I thought Halliburton actually had some success doing that too on the other end. Those would be two I and, and I think the rotation's a big one. I even think like Ken Rich Williams one minute. That was weird. I could, I would play him more at the four maybe a little bit did not, did not have the AJ Mitchell first half stint in my notes.


Didn't see that one coming. Not really sure why that happened but it was just, just weird. Did you notice, it's always hard to tell through the TV but sometimes you could kind of tell crowd got super tight, It lasts three minutes. Yeah you can tell. You Could, you could feel it. Yeah that was, we'd never won the title. What's going on? Oh god. And it's interesting 'cause I went to game one of the 2012 series against LeBron in the heat, which if I remember correctly OKCI thought should have won that game. Maybe they did win the game. One of those first two games Durant got fouled In the corner and they didn't call it game game one, they won game two is the game you're talking about where Durant gets fouled up. Miami up to two. I was sitting where he got foul it looked.


Yeah Miami's up two. Yeah. But yeah, that crowd is absolutely loud. Your head hurts when you leave but they can also get a little tight. Well and don't you think some of that is also like those fans know this team has done this to every team they've faced in the playoffs so far. Like if we let this game get away, we've seen Indiana in this movie before, like it's danger. A, it's dangerous, they're never outta the game and B, if we give them momentum with a home loss like this, who the hell knows what could happen? Well what's interesting big picture Indiana who if they just get swept in the finals just historically legacy wise, they'd be like, oh yeah, that was a weird season.


Indiana beat Milwaukee and then they shot Cleveland, they had all those comebacks and then they beat the Knicks and they fired Tibs and then they got killed in the finals. Yeah, I kind of remember that team now it's like, remember that Indiana team? Holy shit you had to like chop their head off and decapitate them to, to get them outta the way. What crazy finals team that was. I mean some someone, some like Kevin Pelton stats kind of person is gonna have to go through the database and study. Is this the greatest clutch shooting season? It lasts two minute last 90 seconds playoffs. Yeah or but but even regular season he was incredible too. It's like he just is, Halliburton is making all this shit.


We didn't, you know what? We did not hammer enough. We kind of hammered around it. We didn't hammer it enough. JW and Chet, eight of 28 combined from the floor. Chet, Chet made two baskets the entire game. The first was to my earlier point about keep it simple pick and pop pump, fake drive by Miles Turner layup. The second was a fast a, a dunk on a breakdown on a, on a double pick and staggered pick and roll that's just like Two, Two baskets for Chet and eight to 28 for those two guys. Like, you know, that's young, Young young guy's in Game one of the finals When Oklahoma City loses the focus is often on those, the the second and third guys. 'cause Shay, even when he has a in Game and this is like as eh as I think a 38 point game could be.


Yeah. Puts up numbers with some decent level of efficiency and so the spotlight always goes to those guys. They weren't good enough. Well the other thing about the finals that we love the rhythm of these games where you have game one and this is the only time you have the home game with the, with the two days off in two days talking about it and tomorrow people are gonna go to Mhar and be like, you've been going against SGA for a long time, what's your secret? Just dying for him to say one dumb thing. You're dedal what you guys are 80 and 18. Chet played 23 minutes, Hartenstein played 17. Like what are you doing? I mean I'm sure that was in the press conference right now. It's a little bit of a pressure.


And then on top of it you have Indiana, which I think has a great crowd and now they can decide the series at home if they want to and they would be, I I think the most improbable finals champ. Easy, easy. Let's not do it yet. I'm Trying to think, is there anybody, even if you said like the 77 Blazers or the 78 Sonics, like that era even, I don't know talk about it. They were 28 to one in the east before the playoffs. This would be the fucking craziest finals. If, If you were a Pacers fan right now and the basketball gods came to you and said, hey we'll we'll make you a deal.


Would you sign up for two two right now going back to Oklahoma City two, two for game five, would you take that deal or are you gonna get greedy and think we can be up with three one? I don't think I can win if it's two two, I think I have to win two of the next three. Okay, alright. I assume I'm gonna win game three and then game four will be you, you assume OKC will do the thing where they win by 38 in Game two in one of those games and then we'd be like, oh India, I already got the game they got. Then India win game three and then game four be the series. I will say though, when you're a big underdog, I really like winning game one. I, I just feel like if the recipe to actually win a series when you're a massive underdog like that, Now you only have to win three of the next six.


By the way, these aren't like outstanding points by me. I'm just pointing out you lose that first game and Now you have to win four, the next six and you're the big underdog to begin with. Conversely, we've seen some teams where they blow that first game in a, in a big series or even a finals and it turns, you know, we just saw it with the Knick series. You saw it in Orlando Houston in 1995. Sometimes there could be a devastating game one loss and the team can get rattled. I think OKC will be fine though 'cause chat will play more, JW will be better and and I assume they're not gonna get out rebounded by 17 again. Well this is also where the Denver series and to a lesser extent game four in Minnesota are just massively important for them because they've answered the bell already every time they face pressure, including being down two one to Denver and specifically jw, especially JW in Game game seven of the o of the Denver series.


So it's that, right? This is, this is no longer like un uncharted, it's uncharted 'cause it's the finals, but they've kind of done this before and this seems like a team who won't get too high or too low to use a, a cliche I have down as a winner, Nicole Yoic just 'cause I think OKC is just an absolute beast. You think like he takes, takes team USA to the brink almost beats them, takes this OKC team, the seven, and then you watch him in that first half and you're like, oh my god, this team's gonna go 84 and 18 and then maybe he's not as much of a winner. Well wait, shouldn't, Shouldn't, shouldn't one of the winners be like ts and, and the Knicks by by that standard, like, you know.


Okay, now They've got, can we talk about the Knicks really quick? Let's, They've got, they've got company Now, you know, let's take a break In Game. We'll do the Knicks really quick.


This episode is presented by a State Farm on the basketball court. The best players know when to pass and off the court. You still need teammates who are there when accounts. That's where State Farm comes in with agents to help you find coverage that's right for you. You can focus on what really matters, whether that's hitting game winners or just getting through the day Like a good neighbor. State Farm is there. State Farm coverage Options are selected by the customer. Availability and eligibility vary by state.


This episode is brought to you by Michelob Ultra, the official beer partner of the NBA. What do I love about the NBA championship? Well first of all, I love when the Celtics win, but that's not happening this year. But you know what? I really love the drama, the pressure, everything goes to the highest level. Guys are injured, guys are banged up, guys are hungry. It just brings out the best to everything. And MLO Ultra is helping you celebrate like a champion with a chance to win your own limited edition championship bottle. Just like those gifted to the NBA players during the championship parade. Enter now at michelob cher.com/courtside/champs bottles Michelob Cher Courtside, Victor Solomon Champs bottle sweepstakes, no purchase necessary open to US residents, 21 plus ends June 22nd, 2025. See official rules@michelobbutcher.com slash rules for free entry prizes and details. Message and data rates may apply void. Where prohibited


Nick's coach, drama boy, boy, there's been some buzzing boy, there's been some tidbits and some, some things being talked about. Okay. Sources are saying stuff. Well, what are they saying? I don't know. It just seems that Nick's team was a lot more dysfunctional than I think there heard hints that heard rumors and, but man, it feels a little game. That game of thronesy over there. Dysfunctional. Well, okay, so are you talking about players or like, when you say Game of Thrones, do you usually mean you know, the upper echelon of management? Here's my question for you. So Jalen Brunson's dad is one of the coaches of the team and worked with tips for a long time, and Dante di Vincenzo was yelling at him for some reason and that first home game and seemed like he had felt betrayed by him.


And there was always rumors that he had an outsized voice with Leon and all those dudes. If you're the next coach, do you want your own staff or do you wanna inherit this staff? That felt like it got a little game of Thronesy down the stretch there. Okay. So every coach wants his own staff? Yes. And there are some coaches. There are some coaches for whom that's been a deal breaker when they are told during the hiring process, well, you gotta keep this guy, or you gotta keep this guy, or you gotta keep these two guys. It's either, it, it, it has been either a deal breaker or begrudgingly accepted by a coach who really wants a particular job with an eye on like, all right, I'll give it a year and then I'll exercise my power. This is obviously a much different situation since he is the father of the franchise player and I think that is a discussion that has to include lots of different parties to come to a a if a, if a change is made.


I think a lot of different people have to be involved in that. And I don't, when you talk to people around the league, there's a lot of skepticism that there would be a change made because he is Jalen Brunson's father. But I think skepticism is underrated. It, I think people think he will be on the bench. Yeah, that's kind of what I meant. Yeah. But you know, dysfunctional is like, it's a strong, it's a strong word, 80. It's just like every team's got its stuff, right? Every team's got its stuff in the locker room, but Lot of leaks, lot of maneuvering the story from the moment the season ended all the way through that athletic thing that we talked about on our podcast, that came out almost right afterwards.


The scapegoating. And that was really interesting. I've been following league long. That Was, that was Kat, Kat was kind of hit hard. That one Cat and Tibs right. Called it out that night. When I read the story, it was like, all right, this is notable that these are the two scapegoats. Let's see how it goes. I'll be interested to see if Kat will be the other domino that falls with this. But would, who wants this job is, I assumed Johnny Bryant was gonna get it 'cause the son said there were two people left him, the guy who got the job, Jordan OT give Jordan Augh some love Who apparently is married to somebody named Jordan. Did you hear this? I I did not. I have not dove Into his named Jordan.


Interesting couple. That's, that's what I heard. I don't know if that's true. Wow. But so John Bryan Podcast, how, how many names? How many names could you do that with? Okay. You don Not many just have the same. Yeah, Right. It would've to be like Jordan Kelly. Yeah, Kelly's a good one Anyway. Alex, Casey. Yeah, Alex is a good one. But so when Johnny was in the final two and then all of a sudden the other guy got it. I just assumed he was the, the knick thing. I don't think Ben Gundy that name got flown around, but he is. Which one Jeff? He's friends with. Yeah. I just don't think he obviously really close with tips. I don't see him being like, cool. Yeah, you shank my guy. I'd love to take the job. Everything he's ever said publicly and privately would cut against him taking that job.


So who's left the only name that didn't really get mentioned? That I was surprised. Oh, you're excited. Taylor Jenkins is a good coach. I watched a lot of Memphis games going, man, they have a really good coach and he's just kind of sitting there, sitting there. Everyone was talking Mike Malone. But to me that that just feels like you're running back a different version of tips. Taylor Jenkins, I thought he, you can make a, a pretty fair case with him that he had a really tough job. It lasts couple years. He's a very good coach. Taylor Jenkins is a very good coach. Memphis to New York as a market and as expectations faced is about as big of a jump as you can make.


And You go from Chris Vernon to 40 Chris Vernon's. I mean, does James Dolan know who Taylor Jenkins is? So like, start there like I'm, I'm not even being facetious. Like is he aware that that's a, a coach? I, I don't know. Probably not. I'm not sure he's hiring the next coach. I think this is a Leon thing. It's, but he'll, he's got a rubber State. He'll sign off on it. Who do you think gonna be the next coach? I have no earthly idea. I mean I, you know, I've heard rumblings of like they'd, maybe they want an ex-player, an ex NBA player. I don't know if that's, I dunno if that's true. My favorite is Ron Artes or in his hat in the ring was my number one thing that Happened this week.


He, he really wants to coach. He really wants to coach. I'm pretty sure he's not gonna get it. I don't, I has he come up on like the, the list of like, you know, they, the 20 best odds to coach the New York Knicks where it's like the bottom one is It lasts one is like Stephen A. Smith. Like they get real Joe House is right above him. Yeah, I I thought the name, I thought Frank Vogel might come up just 'cause he is a New York guy, but Oh, he's, you know, he's been in a lot of places now in a short amount of time. Look, the one now He got ish. Yeah, well he's, I I saw that you, you you boosted his I'm gonna get more involved.


Watch out. I'm gonna get isb, I'm gonna get more involved. I wasn't involved enough and I'm gonna get more involved. Like, It wasn't his idea to throw Cam Johnson in the Kevin Durant trade and like one more pick and just be like whatever it takes to Get him. You love the H beer. You got him on your podcast right off the bat and now you're like, yeah, I had no idea it was gonna be as special as it was. I think. I think I think he's not, he's not gonna come back on him. I Actually was, I I was gonna do this with you on the pod, the most hilarious owner of each decade. 'cause he's clearly halfway there. Vivek was locked it down in the 2000 tens. Vivek Is coming in for a late, a late 2020s Rally that you can't count out Vivec, you can't count him out. You can't, you can't. He just can't. He's, I'm not saying HB hasn't locked up yet, but he's, he's in the lead and he is feeling good.


But Vivek, you know, who knows? But Vivek won last decade and then I I think probably Dolan won in the two thousands with all the crazy shit he did. He's, he's too, he's he's Not hilarious though. It says it doesn't fit him. Doesn't Who is you have in the two thousands Sarver? No nothing. They're, they're malicious people. They're not hilarious. That's Harvard. Like that's did illegal stuff. Like Well We didn't know that in the two thousands though. Faced civil litigation anyway. No, that was later. I'm saying two thousands In two thousands. Okay. When he basically hired Steve Ker and it's like you have to get under the luxury tracks, trade all our picks. I mean He, he wasn't, you know who it's, it was Cuban from a hilarious standpoint, some of the stuff he, where he was sitting on the bench and remember the time he ran on the court during the fight to break up the court and then realized he shouldn't be on the court.


He had some funny stuff. HB is the clear winner in the 2020. So I mean I Guess we can't blame, well we can blame, but it wasn't hilarious Glen Taylor for just overseeing the entire David Kahn experience in, in Minnesota. But You know, this is why you're the best. Not only that, but the, he lost four picks for Joe Smith, but he was never Hilarious. Was never hilarious. He, he called as we had in the Celtic City doc, he called WIC to congratulate him on winning the 2008 title because he was trading him Kevin Garnet. He had Kevin McKay as a coach and a GM at the same time And Flips honors.


Yeah, it's Glen Taylor. It's a great call. Well wait, wait, wait, wait. Let's go back to the next. We didn't like who do you think is gonna get the job? I find it hard to believe Johnny Bryant's gonna be the head coach. Alright. The more I looked at it and thought about it, it just doesn't seem like he's experienced enough. This is one of the biggest jobs in the league, I would bet on. Taylor Jenkins, Frank Vogel, Mike Malone, one of those guys who at least has been in some situations. What about The, what about the, can we trade for your coach gambit that has been mentioned with I email Doka and Jason Kidd. Any of that interesting to you? Well, why would Houston trade I me oca like just throw him out. He's, I agree.


They're not getting rid of him. That's ridiculous. I agree. And I don't think he would leave. It's a great situation even with the East being so much worse than the West. It's a great situation. And also like I know how Houston's GM or fell stone negotiates would just be like, you don't even have enough. You don't have enough. I want three first round picks. And you don't even have that. The kid one is interesting to me. I wouldn't, yeah, because he's, I take certainly even love the Luca one. I I wouldn't take my eyes off it. That's all. I, that's all I, I would say now I wouldn't, I wouldn't take, I wouldn't disqualify it. I wouldn't take my eyes off it in part because as you and I are batting it around, we can't find another candidate that's like, oh that's, that makes a ton of sense for a team that has said in its press release announcing the firing of Tom Thito.


We are a championship roster, or at least we believe we are. That's the pressure, that's the expectations. That's why it's hard to imagine a first time head coach walking into that job. I apologize to the friend who sent me this, Oh Boy, that I can't remember their name. What kind of Friends are you? But made the point, TIBS would've been the greatest Atlanta Hawks coach and that the best outcome would've been a Quin Snyder for Tibs trade over firing Tibs. Because if you put tibs on Atlanta, he basically just could have run the Knicks offense with Trey as Jalen Brunson, but then had all this defense and all of these wings and a congu as the Shop locker and just done the TIBS with that team.


And Trey could have shot 36 times. I, again, I really apologize to my friend who texted this, but I thought it was great. And then Quin Snyder on the Knicks bench with the red glasses just, just being weird and Handsome. You gotta get blue. He's gotta get blue glasses then blue glasses or orange glasses, right? Dark blue glasses. I thought that was a really good one. I think. I think it's a guy with some pedigree. The Malone would be a weird one though, because he's a little gruff like Tibs was, but the guy won a title two years ago. Well so that's a great, this is a point I wanted to make and I should made it about tibs and I'm gonna make it again on my podcast this weekend. Michael Malone's a great name to bring up. Mike Budenholzer is a great name to bring up. Not for this job, but for this, for this purpose.


Frank Vogel's a great name to, to bring up, not necessarily for this job, but for this purpose. The idea that TIBS is not a championship coach. That you need a different coach to take your team. He's the floor raiser who, who can only take your team so far. I think there's some merit to the general idea of TIBS as that because he is indisputably an incredible floor. Incredible. And I don't think he's like a Carlisle SPO level quarter for quarter minute for minute adjustment guy. That's your playoff dream coach. Right? But I don't think any of those other guys were either. And like that's why Mike Bool got fired in Milwaukee.


He was too slow to adjust blah blah blah. Right? Michael Malone was never thought of as like this incredible wizard of adjustments and all this stuff. And those guys won championships. Like if you have the right talent and if you have the right talent, right year, right Circumstances like, yeah at Tip, I should have been clear about this. Like Tom Thito can absolutely win an NBA championship even if he is more of a floor raiser than a ceiling raiser. He can, he's so good at getting your floors so high that he can get you into that spot. He can absolutely win a championship and like that's why that Michael Malone, Mike Bun, remember Bud was like on thin ice several times in Milwaukee, mostly because of the idea that he was not as good of a playoff coach as someone like Eric Spolstra who kind of exposed him a couple times, right?


Then he won the championship. That's all. Well, I think t it seems like it was time for tips to go in New York after five years, didn't you? It felt like, didn't you? It felt like the the, the core guys were good moving on with him and you lose the core guys. It's, it's a wrap in the NBA and that's why the longest tenured coaches in the league go back to 2020. I mean, can we just, The core guys, I, I know Katz had experience with Tibs before maybe, so maybe this doesn't matter. He we Knew that was Rocky from the get go. I'm sure he was like, no, it's fine now how do we know? And And Enobi like kind of just got there, you know, it's not, it's not like he's been there all five years with Tibs. It's not like towns has been there all five years with Tibs or Har has been there all five.


He's been there all like bridges just got there. It's not like they've all been there for like, Did not Happen four years of just like, oh my god, another shoot around with tib like, you know, it's, it's not like they've been there that long. Seemed a little, seemed a little gamey. That's why I flagged it for you in April when you you did when you jerk backwards. And I still like they made the conference finals. They did. And the thing is it, I, and a lot of it has to come down to how do you view those first two games against Boston? Because they were, they were before Tatum, Torre's, Achilles, they were about to go up three one probably win that series and you would think like, wow, what a feather in their cap that they're gonna knock the defending champions out.


Pretty honestly until that injury, unless you think the first two games were more about Boston just were like 75% choke, 25% comeback and not 50 50. Can I give you 90 10? Yeah. Whatever. I was trying to be nice to the Knicks. I was on a tech start about this two days ago. 'cause I was looking at the third and fourth quarter box scores from game one and getting mad all over again. The Celtics took, I think it was 34 shots in the second half and 27 of them were threes. They took 2020 shots in the third quarter with a 20 point lead at at various points.


And 19 of them were threes. They took zero free throws. And the whole thing is like after watching what Indiana did to the Knicks to think that the Celtics just walked the ball up and just jacked up threes and that was their offense. And what a giant favorite they did for the Knicks in both of those games. And then the Knicks hung around and they grabbed the game. Much like Indiana today. But to me that was a Boston just an absolute strategy collapse where you're just like, it was the, basically the opposite OKC tonight where OK C's like actually we're gonna change our lineup. We think maybe this will be a little better for us. Boston was like, we do this, this is all we do. We don't care who we're playing. This is our formula. We're never gonna deviate from it.


And then you see how easy it was to just push the ball in the Knicks, get towns or Brunson in any sort of switch, keep running, run after, run after made baskets. Just keep pushing the pace on them and they didn't do any of it and they had the same kind of players. Indiana has better versions of them in some cases.


Anyway, this episode is brought to you by Uber Eats Summer is here and you can now get almost anything you need for your sunny days delivery with Uber Eats. What do I mean by almost? Well you can't get a well-groomed lawn delivered, but you can get chicken Parmesan delivered a day in the sun. No. A bottle of rum, yes. Uber Eats can definitely get you that get almost, almost anything delivered with Uber Eats. Order now for alcohol. You Must be legal drinking age, please enjoy responsibly. Product availability varies by region. See app for details.


This episode is brought to you by Wayfair. Summer is almost here. The days are getting longer and warmer, which means it's time to update your outdoor space and make it feel more like yours. You know, outdoor furniture, I like comfortability. It's gotta be something that if it gets a little rainy, damp, anything, maybe you want stuff that you don't have to cover all the time. Just in case it's drizzling for five seconds. You want just a nice, clean, simple, let's all go hang out. It's gonna be getting dark by 8 45 tonight. Let's go hang out. Let's listen to some music. I got the Bushra eight piece sectional seating group with cushions and that's great. Wayfair Perfect helps you in a time crunch the delivery free fast, hassle free, something for every style, every home, no matter what your space or budget is. Wayfair makes it easy to tackle your summer home goals. And you gotta do it right now. 'cause Summer's coming with endless inspiration for every space and budget, including the outdoors. So don't wait until summer's in full swing shop a huge selection of outdoor furniture online. Go comfortable, go simple this summer. Get outside with Wayfair, head to wayfair.com right now. W-A-Y-F-A-I r.com. Wayfair, every style, every home


I have the, I have what's Utah up to written down as a topic. We we're talking about the quickly Utah Jazz at 12:15 AM Eastern Standard Time. My this one because my, I haven't seen you since they hired Austin age, gave him the car case then Austin Angel is like, we're not gonna be tanking anymore. That got my attention. I have my eye on them. Everybody's telling me to have my eye on Toronto. That's been the new catchy thing to say this month to watch out for Toronto. Nobody loves that more than the Raptors. They're in the discourse baby. Yeah. Watch out for Toronto. It's like, what am I watching out for? Well, what are they gonna do? They all, they're gonna show Scotty Barnes and all their picks for Giannis. Milwaukee's not doing that.


What are they gonna do? They're not getting Gs. Why? Why? Why are you disqualifying that for Milwaukee? I'm not doing that. I'm keeping Giannis If, if it's Scotty Barnes and some picks for Giannis, thanks. I'm gonna keep Giannis. I'm thanks anyway. I'll keep one of the 20 best players ever at age 30. Thanks you. Well, okay, so do you wanna talk about the Utah Jazz? Should we do a deep dive on Kete George? Like what are we, what are we doing here? I'm just wondering are they gonna get frisky over the next three weeks? So, so this is, do I have to keep my eye on this? So you're, you love this idea of you love this idea of marketing for Paul Georgia. Number three, that's like your, that's like your little pet.


That's like a little pet over here. You love that one. I have it in a cage, I feed it some cage-free eggs and some, some spring water and I try to try to grow it. I don't even know if that makes sense for Philly, but I just wonder if Philly's looking at trades like that with the third pick. I hate that trade for everybody involved. I think I do too. I just thought it was a fun trade. I dunno, whatcha doing with marketing and Joel and bead together? I don't know what that is. No, if if, if you tell me I'm the Sixers I know or I'm the jazz, I can reroute Paul George somewhere else for something less damaging to my cap sheet for the next three years and I get the numbers three pick, then it starts to be somewhat interesting to me. But like marketing's pretty good and de Paul George contract is not so good.


Although I think it'll get rehabbed in this year. I think we'll think differently of Paul, of Paul George in about six Months. Can I make the case for why I would think about this if I'm Utah? I wouldn't do it if I was Philly, but if I'm Utah and I have two, two stabs at a top five pick in this draft, which I think has a real, especially the top five has a chance. There might be somebody really special Edgecomb, Trey Johnson Harper. Like one of those guys might end up being a top 10 or 15 guy in the league, maybe two of them. Who knows. And if I'm Utah, Utah, I get two swings at that Apple. If I can trade, keep my fifth pick and trade into the top three. But I, that would not be the trade I did if I was Philly. If I'm Philly, I would try to do three in Paul George.


I would be shopping that around like I would've offered that to Jalen Brown for Jalen Brown right now. Well that's okay. So you're in the right age range then because for Philly I, I'm sorry, but I, I have to make decisions at this level based on a timetable that is not Joelle m beads timetable. Like I, that's, that's why I've, if I really like the guys that are available at three and those guys have studied the draft a thousand times more than I have. If they hate, if they don't like those guys, it's a different conversation. If I like them, I as a steward of that franchise, I could no longer mortgage major pieces of our future for the idea that I can win a title with Joel LM Beat. I just can't do it anymore. I Think you're right.


I think that's the right, I think you have Max, it's not even number Three. Even it's obvious. Like I just don't know if, I don't know if that, and So that's the thing where Office is wired that way though. So that's the thing about Utah and Frisky, that the, your little pet trade is at least the right idea of them being frisky because otherwise like what, what am I gonna do? I'm gonna go out and trade for Trey Young or something. Like why is that interesting to me if I'm Utah? Like what, what am why am I cashing in ships when Austin says they're not tanking anymore? It's, they don't have to tank to tank. Like they could just play all the players that they have on their roster. Maybe Trade Sexton for a first or whatever. Whoever gets you a first out of the Sexton Collins Clarkson group.


Yeah. And just don't do what you did last year where everyone has injuries that pop up mysteriously every third game or like last 40 games or whatever. Just play your roster. The west, the west is so good that you'll finish 14th or 15th in the west anyway and you'll have organically tanked and everybody won't be so goddamn miserable anymore. That's all. Especially Will Hardy. Well that's why Guys, I'm not a drinker, but I'm, I'm gonna be starting if we're gonna suck again 'cause I can't do this a third year. I, but At least for Will Hardy's sake, he has leveraged their own misery into like, I think he's been extended 15 times in It lasts. I think he's, I think he's contact 2040 now.


Yeah, well I think Utah is the fifth pick and that might end up being a really good player. So maybe they're good. But Utah, Utah and Toronto I think are the two that people seem to be whispering about that. And then Atlanta I think is just interesting in general. I don't even know who would want Trey Young. San Antonio I think keeps two, at least that's that's the word. But there's, there's been a lot of KD stuff this week, A lot Of KD stuff and that seem like a possible home for him. I still feel like pounds for KD is in play too. I, by The way, one of my favorite things has been like how every time anyone says that KD iss almost a lock to get traded. It gets aggregated is if it's some big story like KD iss getting traded.


Yeah, the promise Katie's not, Katie's not gonna be on the Suns next year. Like we could, we could put that one to bed. Just wait to see what the trade is. Well the stuff, the stuff that was this week about how Bradley Beal, they're stuck with him. They might have to buy him out. He's got two years left I think at like 53 and 57. My guess is they're not gonna buy him out anyway. We'll see what happens. We have plenty of time to talk about this. So we're gonna be doing pods next week in, in the great state of Indianapolis after Game four. That's baby Nap Town. Were coming. Do people call it Nap Town anymore? Jalen Rose does. That was, that was the first time I Heard it. That's, that's good enough for me. Yeah. You know, I'm just gonna throw this out here. You would know this, you would not necessarily know this, but you would know how, how realistic of a question this is.


I asked some of the Pacers people this when they were in New York up three, one last week. Yeah. This is a near and dear question to your heart and probably one that you've thought about and know the background of better than I do. Do we get a legend appearance in Indiana for a game for one of the home finals games? I mean, if you wanna get the crowd involved to bring the house down, I think it's a good idea. He lives in Indiana. Why wouldn't he a Good health? Well, he lives in Florida. He lives in Florida a lot. I don't know where he is day to day right now, but I know he is got a place in, in somewhere in Florida. If I'm the Pacers and I, and it's one, one heading into game three. I'm trying out if he wants every to Indiana legend I have for game three, all of them.


Why is Reg Miller is in there? I've heard nobody bring this up yet. Like I, when the Pacers went up three whatever in the conference finals, it was one of the first things that popped in my head. Are we gonna go to Larry Legend appearance in Indiana if to make the finals? I was not given an answer. My laptop battery's about to run out, so we have to go. Sweet. I'm, I'm sorry I brought up you Todd. I didn't realize it was gonna make you so angry. I'm not Jazz At 1230 in the morning. It's Just the, we just, we just watched an incredible finals game we talked about for an hour. I still don't really know what happened. I, I can't, I'm gonna have to go back and watch.


What do you think the line is on FanDuel for the series now? I don't speak gambling so you're gonna have to tell me what the, it was like minus seven 700 before the series. It sure was So I'm gonna guess my totally uneducated gambling mine. I'm gonna guess it's minus 3 75. See, look at you minus three 30. Okay. Not bad. See that favor not bad. Okay, see to win in five still don't play.


Zach Lowe, pleasure. Are you doing a little mini game two preview pod? Possibly. I was, it was gonna be a struggle if it was just Oklahoma City wins by 18. Now I'm doing a mini game two preview pod. We'll either tape it tomorrow night or Saturday morning and and because this is the joy of having two days off between games, you get to really sink your teeth into these things. Keep It, keep, keep it going because then you got Monday too. When we're, when we're in Indiana, I'm gonna ask you to rank your favorite Ringer people you've potted with so far. I'm just gonna force you to do it. It'd be great. Cost some team de dissension a month in. Get the locker room. Zach. Doing rankings. Yeah, get the locker room. Rankled, Zach Lowe, pleasure as always, thanks to Gal and Eduardo for helping us with the livestream results.


Thanks for everybody for checking in. What a game. We really lucked out. We'll see you next time. Alright, that's it for the podcast. Thanks to Zach and Eduardo and Gaal as well for helping us make it and go live on YouTube. That was super fun. I'm gonna be back on Sunday right after game two. We'll be doing this podcast with Illa and we're gonna do it live on YouTube like we did game one. And you have the weekend to watch Working Girl for the re watchable that's coming on Monday. It's a great movie. Watch it with the whole family. It's a good one. Enjoy the weekend. I'll see you one Sunday night.


Must be 21 plus in President Select states for Kansas and affiliation with Kansas Star Casino or 18 plus in president dc. Gambling problem call 100 GAMBLER. Visit rg help.com. Call 1 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org/chat in Connecticut. Or visit md gambling help.org in Maryland. Hope is here. Visit gambling help line ma.org or call 803 2 7 50 50 for twenty four seven. Support Massachusetts. Or call 1 8 7 7 8 HOPE NY or Text HOPE NY in New York.


This episode is brought to you by Michelob Ultra, the official beer partner of the NBA. What do I love about the NBA championship? Well, first of all, I love when the Celtics win, but that's not happening this year. But you know what? I really love the drama, the pressure. Everything goes to the highest level. Guys are injured, guys are banged up. Guys are hungry. It just brings out the best to everything. And MLO B Ultra is helping you celebrate like a champion with a chance to win your own limited edition championship bottle. Just like those gifted to the NBA players during the championship parade. Enter now at michelob cher.com/courtside/champs bottles Michelob Belcher courtside, Victor Solomon Champs bottle sweepstakes, no purchase necessary open to US residence 21 plus ends June 22nd, 2025. See official rules@michelobbutcher.com slash rules for free entry prizes and details. Message and data rates may apply void. Where prohibited.


This episode is brought to by LinkedIn. During the season, every baseball team plays 162 games. It's a true test of endurance. It's not enough to have a hot month or two. You need sustained dominance throughout. While the same is true for your small business, it's not enough to have a great Q2 or even a great year. You want year over year growth that starts with better hires. That'll be there for the long haul to find those hires. Use LinkedIn. LinkedIn has strong hiring data and insights that you won't find anywhere else to help pair you with the best candidates from unique skills and interests to the connections you have in common. Based on LinkedIn data, 72% of small businesses say that LinkedIn helps them find high quality talent. LinkedIn also lets you go beyond people who are actively applying in a given week. 171 million LinkedIn members aren't actively seeking jobs, but they are open to new opportunities. That's a big pool to miss out on. If you're not hiring with LinkedIn, find your next great hire on LinkedIn. Post your job for free at LinkedIn dot com slash simmons. That's LinkedIn dot com slash Simmons to post your job for free terms and conditions. Apply.