
This episode is brought to you by Old El Paso. Does game day hosting feel like an extreme sport? Not anymore. With old El Paso, feeding your hungry crowd is oh so easy. Old El Paso's crunchy standin stuffed shells, bold seasonings and squeezable sauces are fumble free, flavor packed, and perfect for cheering on your team. Football season is taco season with old El Paso. Level up your next Tailgater Watch Party. Shop Game Day essentials@oldelpaso.com.


This episode is brought to you by State Farm. State Farm helps you score an affordable price when you choose to bundle home and auto insurance with the personal price plan. Bundling home and auto. That's a pro move. Just another way you can save on your insurance needs. Talk to a State Farm agent today to learn how you can bundle and save with the personal price plan. Like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Prices are based on rating plans that vary by state coverage. Options are selected by the customer availability. Amount of discounts and savings and eligibility vary by state.


The Bill Simmons Podcast is brought to you by The Ringer Podcast Network where we Put up a new re watchable on Monday night. It's the gambler with me and Chris Ryan. It was a one for us. We had a great time. 10 minute serial conversation there. You can find all of it on the Ringer Movies YouTube channel. This Monday coming up, we are gonna do a Christmas movie. We did Home Alone two. It was with Kyle Brandt. It was the first time we'd ever done a podcast together in the same room. So that part was fun. But this is, we had a blast doing this one. So that's coming on Monday. You'll be able to watch that actually on Spotify and you can watch that on the Ringer Movies YouTube channel as well. You can watch all the videos from this podcast on the Bill Simmons YouTube channel.


And we just launched The Ringer TV YouTube channel that's got the watch. It has the Prestige TV pod, has a bunch of fun Hall of Fame stuff and like direct to video stuff that we did. We, that's where we did the Landman thing last week, so please go subscribe to that as well.


We're also brought to you by FanDuel Sportsbook where we've been doing these 30 on 30 Profit Boost tokens every Friday. I've been boosting 30 point scores for you. If they get to 30 points and you bet it, you get boosted. I tweet out my picks on on Friday and I was there. I did really well. The first three weeks last week was not well, but it was weird. It was one of those weeks where there wasn't a lot of scoring. So be sure to claim the PBT placed your 30 on 30 bet for Friday. Just look for 30 on 30 on the FanDuel Sportsbook app coming up.


Gonna talk to House and Big W about the NBA Cup. Big picture, did this work? How can we fix it? What should it look like next year? So we did that. And why is the NFL what cast such a shadow over the NBA? It makes me mad. Anyway, we talked about that too then how stayed for Million dollar Picks and Peter Schrager came on to talk about dysfunction with the Jets, the weird Christmas schedule and all the strange coaching stuff that might be happening pretty soon. It is all next first. Our friends from Pro.


All right, it's 2:00 PM Pacific Time. Joe House is here. 'cause we're gonna do a million dollar pixel a little bit Big Wise is here. He was just in Las Vegas. Yep. For the NBA cup, which, is it still going or is it finally over? It is. I mean, I was only there for the semifinals. I got back on Sunday, but it's, it's done. The bucks. I heard the bucks won and Giannis played well. Oh, is that what happened? What happened? Yeah. So walk us through the Vegas piece of this and whether it's a good idea, because I really, I, I really want us, the three of us to help the NBA, I think the NBA needs help in a bunch of different ways with their scheduling and some of their idea generation. But what, what worked for you in Vegas and what didn't work for you?


I think I like the idea of having two games in one location, sort of an all day kind of basketball extravaganza. Like I personally enjoyed that aspect of it. The arena is, you know, pretty much up to snuff in terms of any normal NBA arena. So like, just the, the kind of logistics of how it works as a basketball venue is completely fine. So You felt like it was like March Madness A little bit. Yeah. Like you go, there's two games in a row. The house is nodding happily. 100%. I thought that was great. I think, You know what it reminded me of, honestly, especially early on in these games as they're sort of getting going was being at the dunk contest and the three point contest in Indianapolis last year.


It's like, you know, I'm here to watch, but like nobody, it feels like nobody there is very impassioned. It's like, you know, neutral observers basically. But as the games get going and the result gets closer to being finalized, people got into it. It's just because there's not a lot of partisans there. Yeah. That's, that's the at, that's what the atmosphere felt like. It felt like, you know, when I was watching the three point contest last year until Steph and INS school got to the finals, there wasn't that much juice watching it, but like once it's like, whoa, Steph might lose to A-W-N-B-A player.


The energy sort of got ratcheted up and I think that's kind of what it felt like being in Vegas. It's like early on in the game, the crowd is like, everybody's sort of getting settled in. And then when you notice that like, all right, the game's in the Balance, people were really into it. House the finals watching on tv, it reminded me not a little of the bubble. Oh, interesting. Where the crowd was like blacked out. You, I couldn't really tell if the audio was bad or if people were just in a coma. I couldn't tell how many people were there and Giannis was just killing it. Obviously he killed it the whole time he was there, but it just, something about it doesn't work.


I'm sure it works if you're there. If you work for the league, if you're in the teams, it's like, this is great. We're all here, but I, I feel like there's a better idea. So where, where'd you stand just on the semis? In the finals? Well, there's, there's two things at work in the first place, the games were rock fights. I mean, the shooting across the board in the semis and the finals was bad. And, you know, Oklahoma City going five for 32 from three, that's not pleasing to the eye. They were all unders. If you were gambling on this and playing on the unders, you, you're quite happy with outcomes. But wa really hit the key point, which is, how can you get the partisans there? How can you get the fans that will show up with the passion?


And this is the difference between this year's iteration and last year with the Lakers. The Lakers had a easy, easy, easy way to import, you know, a bunch of enthusiasm. And it was very cool because it was the first one. How can you get, th this is why I was shaking my head enthusiastically around the idea of this being kind of like an NCAA deal. The the difference is there's big chunks of of fan bases Yes. That have traveled to that place to root for their, their, their team. So it's live, it's live from, from the tip. How can you, how can we get that? That's the part Bs that I wanna see. Yeah. Part of it for me is like, you know, I I I, I've read and I've heard all of the hand ringing, like the bottom line is if the Nixon warriors were in this final, there would've been an atmosphere.


It would've been, you know, a huge deal. But we didn't get that. We got the Bucks and OKC, these are not two national brands. These are not two, you know, fan bases that have massive like fan bases all over the country. The way the Knicks and the Lakers do. Like, you know, if you've ever been to a Hawks game when the Knicks are playing them, the, it's half Knick fans in there. Yeah. You know, same when you go to when, when the Lakers play in places like Phoenix and Denver, it's like a bunch of Laker fans there. Right. And so, you know, the two teams in there I think was problematic for me personally. And I'm not somebody who's ever like, you know, given Adam Silver, his props, I think the teams played hard.


The teams played like as if there were stakes. All the ancillary stuff I think needs to be figured out, but the most important thing that the players cared and tried their best. Right. I think that's the biggest sort of takeaway for me. Well that's why I care about this as a topic, because fundamentally the premise behind the tournament worked because the games were more fun to watch. So you start there, you said something that I think is a bad sign for the league and maybe ties into the stuff I did on Tuesday on my pod. Oklahoma City's the best team in the West, and they have Shea, who's the fourth best player in the world, or the fifth best player in the world, depending on what your rankings is, are Giannis is the second best player in the world.


Maybe the first best player if you wanna have the Yoka Giannis conversation, I don't wanna do that here. And is playing out of his mind. And it is the most fun version of him that he's been in a game. So I'm Paper, it's a great matchup. Oklahoma City, Milwaukee. And yet you laid out like, oh, it's too bad the Knicks weren't in there. It's too bad the Warriors aren't in there. Maybe that's just what the league is like. I I, and even when I was going back and trying to figure out all the unicorn situations that have happened over the years, almost every time it's somebody in a big market, right? It's, it's magic and Bird. Boston, LA it's Michael Jordan in Chicago. Shaq, it's Kobe and Shaq in LA it's, it's Curry and the Warriors happening in San Francisco in the Bay Area.


The only real time where we had a marque kind of thing was LeBron in Miami and Cleveland and LeBron almost became like his own franchise to some degree because he, he became so big. But House just structurally, if we put this, if we put the semifinals in New York and either you had both games at MSG or you had one game at Barclays and the other game at MSG, And it had to be, you could hustle back and forth and potentially get both. And then you had the finals two days later at MSG. And now we have celebrities. Now it's way easier for people to come in and out. Now there's like vibe and energy and we're playing it in the most famous basketball arena we have.


Isn't that just better? Maybe because we were very, very close to having this be the hawks against the Rockets. Like Saturday that was a viable possibility. New York fans would've showed up for that. Yeah. I I, I'm not sure, like, I don't think that that Vegas is a bad choice as a venue because it, it, it delivers the, the promise of other entertainment. It, it, it, you know, New York is hard, especially that, Is that what we're calling it now? Entertainment? You mean like adult Entertainment? We're old enough now to to to, to talk about these things in ways that, that keep it light.


But I, I don I don't know New York and December like that, that's a whole thing, right? Like everybody's up in New York right now. That's fair. You're right. Christmas time is is marvelous. Well, But that leads to the second part of the question is, is December the right time to have the NBA cup? Well, you Know, I think that's a great question. Honestly, I think part of the the thinking is like we want to really juice and goose attention on very early NBA games, which traditionally people just didn't, you know, gravitate towards. Because obviously, and like people need to understand that like no matter what the NBA cup does or is, it's not gonna be as popular as football. Like we need to, we need to let go of that as a even a concept or an idea.


Like Americans love football more than they do basketball and that's okay. A lot more. A lot more. And, and that's okay. I just think it's about one, the Giannis and Dam thing, I mean the Giannis and Shea thing, and I've talked about this on, on group chat, I think David Stern's dream of these hyper corporatized, you know, focus group to death athletes, you know, they don't get busted for weed. They don't scare corporate America. They are the perfect corporate automatons. But guess what? People are not attracted to that. They're not compelling figures. Even Nike and Giannis like selling Giannis as this cute cuddly teddy bear.


That's just a mistake. Nobody knows a single thing about Shea Gils Alexander, except that he wears funny clothes. That's It. Oh, and he does and he does interviews with 11 of his teammates. That's it. Nobody knows anything about these guys. Yeah. Janis had that, had that clip when he, that from 2015 when he, the Bucks and the Bulls had that series and he got mad at Mike Dunleavy and he did the 50 foot charge and just knocked him into the first row. Like Giannis is not like just a cuddly dude. That dude has an edge that they try to pretend he doesn't. I don't know why they would pretend he doesn't. Well this, that's the angle to play up. I mean, part of the thing that you guys are talking about is the league's affirmative choice about how it's gonna market this, this season, which is, you know, a transition se season and you captured it BS on your pod earlier this, this week.


They have chosen as a, from a marketing standpoint to, to give glory to this exiting, exiting quickly class of superstars that have defined the league over the past 10 to 15 years at the expense of a player like SGA like, you know, ask Or Tatum or Tyrese, Halliburton or all these dudes in their twenties that they should be trying to elevate. Yeah. Yes. Right, exactly. You know, what's, what's s G's defining moment ask and we're, we're NBA heads, but ask anybody in an NBA kind of community tell, tell me SGAs, you know, the, the, the, the clutch thing that's happened. Giannis, I love, there's a moment here to really go ahead and lean into where he's at, which is averaging 21 and a half points per, per game in the paint, which hasn't been seen since Shaq in 99, 2000.


Yeah. We talked about Giannis and his potential of replacing Shaq at that. Let's do that. Let's make that be Giannis Giannis we know. Yeah, it's a great Point. Giannis has a ring. Let's Go with Giannis. It's, it just feels like there's two things that they did was that I just, the more I look at it, I just don't like one is they could have used the Olympics and even like the Netflix starting five show, like, just push new people, push like put the fucking Wagners on starting five. Let's let, let's hang out those goofy Germans and see what their life is like. Like let, let's try to develop new people. And then the Olympics, same thing. Should anyone over 30 even be on the Olympic team? Maybe we should have, it should be all like, you know, younger players or in their prime players or guys trying to have a moment.


Because we were in this situation in the beginning of the 2000 tens with Durant and Russ. And remember it was the same conversations about, well who wants to watch OKC? That's a whole bunch of young team. They should be putting LeBron on and Kobe and the Celtics and Carmelo. And meanwhile all the real basketball people were like, I fucking love watching that KC team. Right? And then it took a while. It took a while. Finally, 2014 when they played the Spurs, it felt like we had enough history with OKC and they became a thing. But I, I don't know why they don't push the younger guys more why they're so beholden to the guys who have already done it. And it, and to me it's just about ratings, but the ratings are going down so it's not working.


Yeah. I look, I agree with you on the Netflix front. Look, sorry Bill, but Jason Tatum went on that damn show and said he loves his mom, he loves his son and He loves, I could've told you he was gonna be born on that. That i I that Was just misery in terms of selling this product and being like, these are compelling guys, interesting people, great athletes. This man went up there and said he loves his mom, his son. And he hoops really hard. Like it's just not gonna work. And you know, again, and I'll say this again. Their most popular young guy was who? Ja Morant, Right? Yeah. We talked about all this. Yeah. Yeah. And bottom line is Nike and them did not get their hooks into him and turn him into a corporate product since he was 12 years old.


Like they have the rest of these guys. These dudes are so odine they don't say or do or look, nothing is interesting about these guys. I enjoy watching them hoop as people. I'm completely unin like bro uninspired. There's, there's just nothing there. And you know, again, the guys who are willing to be a little bit out there and different don't comport with how the league sees itself as a Company. Like house's Got Kyle Kuzma. No. Hey Kyle Kuzma is willing to say stuff in public. That's what I mean. I like that about Kuzma. He's willing to say shit these other guys like, I don't know man. They're just so afraid.


There's too much money at stake wise of any Backlash of Yeah. They don't jeopardize it. It's just not fun. So I'm thinking like with the cup, what this ties into, another thing that makes me mad is they're so afraid of football to the point they, they take inside the NBA, which is just the Thursday show. On Thursday nights. I watch the NBA and they're like, we have to move it away from football. Football's eating our lunch, they move it to Tuesdays, doesn't feel the same. They have this NBA cup, they decide the semi-finals are gonna be Saturday 'cause it's the one day we can kind of get away with not going against football. And then they keep everybody there for three fucking days. 'cause they don't wanna go against a Monday night doubleheader, which by the way was Minnesota against Chicago and Kurt Cousins's corpse against the shitty Raiders team.


It's like, what are you afraid of that for? Maybe go try to beat him head to head. But they're doing all this stuff where they're just retreating and they're so scared of the NFL and meanwhile it's like, maybe, maybe you should try to throw some counter punches. Like the NF L's gonna beat you either way. Like even the WNBA, which we thought it was all crazy. The WNBA playoffs were going head take against the NFL. Guess what they did? Okay. They had fans. Like people had fans, they had their own fan base and people watched that shit. So I house why are they so scared? I I just feel like when you operate from fear, you're gonna lose every single time. See, I don't know that I subscribed to the idea that they're operating from fear because they did stick this cup into the portion of the NFL season.


That is like really, you know, we're deciding playoff outcomes now and they are on nights of the week when there, there isn't necessarily NFL Now, I don't like the fact that inside the NBA is on Tuesday and you know, the Amazon games are are fine, but none of that Thursday night football is musty TV for me. Yeah, hold your spot. But here's the real problem. And they're never gonna do this. The, the stupid season shouldn't start until Christmas. And the NBA cup in February would be effing magnificent because football is diminishing starting on, you know, Christmas day basically we're getting less and less games. The playoffs start and during the week you, you have full run to go do whatever you want.


So taking the whole thing and starting in Christmas time, new Year's and playing, let's, let's take over, you know, the, the season as football goes away, that's what makes the most sense. Yeah. You're talking 70 game schedule. Instead of starting near the end of October, you're starting maybe like third week in November, you're easing into it and then you really kick into gear on Christmas. 'cause one of the things I was thinking with the cup was you made the point earlier, the games are, the games were all really fun. The courts are fun, but we only had four games in this super complicated scoring system trying to lead to, oh and then these four teams made it and this team didn't make it. 'cause their point differential was plus three six.


How about this? Have more fucking games. Like instead of four NBA cups, let's have six, let's have seven, let's get it so that it goes all the way through. And then we get to January and then the week to do it. In my opinion, there's that week between the conference title game Yep. And the Super Bowl. That's right. It's a dead week dead. Nothing's happening. Football has finally calmed down. Basically starting Sunday night and just try to own that week. Right. You have like, you basically have a clean slate. You're going against nothing. You're going against, you're not going against college football, you're not going against anything and make that the signature week. They're going the opposite way. Not only did they wrap up all this stuff, but the trade deadline is on the Thursday of Super Bowl week.


That's another one. I don't get The trade deadline's one of the most fun days of the season. You're, you're just bearing it in the Super Bowl when all your media members, all your corporate, everybody is just talking football, football, football. So was I just, to me there's, this is just easy structural stuff I don't get Yeah, the thing about more Cup games, it will make it so that it makes it easier for the best teams to actually play in the further rounds to actually advance. And so you probably wouldn't get it in Atlanta in there, although I love watching Atlanta. So, Or would you, because maybe Atlanta's one of the best teams in the East Wise, maybe you would get Atlanta. Hey that's fair.


And yeah, again, I do think, you know, fixing the window that they put it in, but to me it's like, it's a promotion issue. Like Adam Silver needs to get his Don King hat on. Like, this guy's just not a promoter. He does not know. They just don't know. And maybe it's the networks, I don't know. You know what I mean? They don't know how to eventize these products. And that to me is the main issue. People don't see these things as essential viewing. They know the, they know the season is 82 games long. They know that effectively a loss in January is just like, ho hum who cares?


Every single game doesn't matter. And the league just needs to be better, more effective at promoting their product, getting people to feel like this is essential. Because like the idea that people aren't interested in the NBAI think is bs I think plenty of people are still interested, obviously like the highlights, the recaps, they do numbers online. People still want to know about the results and all of that stuff. It's just the NBA needs to impress upon people that these games are worthy of their time, worthy of their commitment. Well, house, I mean, we go so far back, we remember when like USA and ESPN started showing cable games, right?


We were like, oh, It was amazing. All the teams, oh my God, that's what Equippers Arena looks like. You just, you had no idea. And then the sports center highlights are taking off the same time and we were just so starved. Yeah. For any sort of NBA action. Now it's flipped the other way where, you know, it's like having the most full fridge possible. I was telling somebody the other day, I wa I, I feel like I watch as much basketball as I ever did, but I watch it completely differently now. I, I don't care if I see the ESPN game on Wednesday night as it's happening. But what I do is I try to watch as many fourth quarters as I can or if, like, I'll, I'll look at the game recap and it'll be like, oh, Houston did had a 37 to 10 run in the second quarter on Weby.


I'm like, all right, I'm gonna watch that and I'll just queue it up. And it's, it's so much more on demand and I don house. I don't feel like that reflects in the ratings. So when they say the ratings are down, I'm not positive. I believe it. I do think that they have a star issue is, which I talked about Tuesday, they don't like we house and I didn't Ms. Michael Jordan in the nineties when he played a playoff game. We, it was just, it was non-negotiable. You didn't Ms. Jordan in the playoffs period unless like you had a substantial event that superseded it. Otherwise you watched Jordan. They don't have a guy like that now. Yeah, I mean it's LeBron. It's supposed to be LeBron except for Where we run at 40.


It's, Come On. Not, it's not LeBron At 40, you're 22. It's, and it's not really Curry either That that's right. But those are the guys on television. Look at the schedule. Look at the, the, the A BC schedule. I, I think, you know, the, the hard thing is nobody sits down and watches basketball games. You don't sit down like, oh the BA game's about, let me go get in my, my chair. Right? It's not football. And you know, using linear TV ratings as a a measuring stick for overall success is, is clearly outmoded, outdated, makes no sense whatsoever. The fact that the league signed an 11 year $76 billion deal means that those folks who are paying that money have ideas about how to capture eyeballs in the interest of those consumers to push their stuff that makes sense to them.


And they don't think that people are gonna come sit down in their chairs and watch a goddamn basketball game in February from the beginning of the game to the end of the game. Right. It's all the ways that we watch it. It's what you and Derek Thompson talked about. People consume the hell out of basketball but they don't consume it by sitting in a chair and watching it. So it's a little bit of a, of, of a false description to a false assessment to, to say, well yeah, the ratings are down. Well wise watch is, wise Watch is every Hawks game. So he's, I kind of do at this sick Daniels bedspread.


So I'm also like a bit of a radical thinker on the schedule and stuff. One, I think, I don't even think 70 is enough of a cut. I think it should be literally round robin. You play each team one time at home, one time a away two times a week. Oh, so like 60. So when we get an expansion, it's like a 62 game Schedule. That's it. It, that's it. One in one. So I sign up for that. Everyone I've ever mentioned that who's in any sort of decision making ownership, they're all like, don't even talk about that on a podcast. It will never, ever happen. It's too much money. There's no way. And it's like, you guys already made all this money. That's, and that's, and that's the point. Like all of these owners who were told of the most visionary business people ever, 'cause they ran some hedge fund, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah.


They can't figure out how this extra shortfall in money that they got from this big, big ass 11 year contract from all of these networks as House mentioned, how reducing inventory and making it more scarce. They can't figure out a way to monetize that. I, I find that to be just, just baffling. Well, two things. Another thing I think it does two, but it does the competitiveness of, of the games just there's more urgency because whatever goes with it also makes the end of the regular season more interesting. Because if you have like a situation Philly's in now, you might not even make the playoffs. So like every game matters starting game 20, you know, 100%.


And also I'm a bit radical on League Pads. I think we should abolish it. Like, hey, This is my favorite wise take, get rid of, I haven't heard this. Yeah. This is, If you have to watch the NBA for work, if people say, oh, that's self-serving for you wise, whatever. I'm just saying, if people have to watch it for work, all right, we'll give you League Pass if you want access to it, we're charging you a crazy premium. Which to me that means like whenever people want to watch the NBA, they gotta watch it with the league's partners. I like, I don't see what's so bad about that as an idea. 'cause again, I grew up in a context of no League Pass and was completely fine with Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday, and NBA on NBC.


Like, I, I, I don't know, like I said, So you're saying like national games, you get your own team. Like if you live like House of Washington, he gets to still watch The Wizards and then maybe League Pass. Yeah. You get your own team in your market. Yeah. Just like how the Jets and Giants got forced down my throat when I was living in New York. You know, But maybe you get to pick like three other teams and then if you want the whole package, it's like a thousand dollars and it's, it's just like crazy completely prohibitive. I they, there's some idea that they're make it Scar and I, I'm not against that house. Or maybe they're just, that's it. You get your own team. You could pick three other League Pass teams. Other than that, No we're not giving them three other teams team.


You watch team, Team that're you're hardcore. You watch your local team and you watch your national team. Okay, there's two days a week that NBA games are on Sergeant Wise, he's laying down the law. Yeah. That's It. That's it. That's it. And also they do need to do something about the bootlegs. I was talking to somebody who works in this sort of area in terms of how young people consume Yeah. Sports, specifically the NBA, like how it was explained to me, it's like how people of my age viewed Napster where it's just like once we found Napster and Limewire and all this other stuff, we literally stopped believing in the concept that we would go to Sam Goody and buy a cd.


It's like, no, I get this for free. I'm not paying for it. I don't have A-E-S-P-N subscription. I damn sure don't got warn of discovery. Yeah. I am just pilfering an illegal stream. They need to find something to do about that. And I know I can hear people right now saying how many people could possibly be streaming stuff this way. I'm telling you, it's a sizable amount of folks. I think he's right. I remember we did the, the Juice World Doc for HBO and Max And it was just like, it, it just got pirated outta control. And that was the first time I was like, oh wow, this still was happening on like a major level. But you're right, especially as we head to this next era where you're gonna need Amazon, you need peacock.


My god, you need cable to get ESPN or whatever the ES ESP N package is and you'll have to pay for the week pass stuff too. I mean, it's our job so we get all this stuff, but yeah, I, I've said it a thousand hundred times, the schedule is the number one way to fix this. Number one. And they won't with a bullet, they just won't, it would make it more special. The guys would be playing, they'd be healthier. They wouldn't even what they did recently with this, this weird bye week where there were no games and stuff. It actually made me miss the NBAI was like last night, where the fuck is the NBA Dude and Doc said this in the pre-game availability. He said one of the cooler things about this is we had time to prepare for our opponent.


Right. Almost like a playoff game. Again, everything gets better gets when we're not stuffing all of these freaking games together. Playing three games in, five nights in three cities. Yeah. Like this is a no brainer schedule. It's a no brainer. Everything would be better with less games, everybody. So Maybe they'll get, maybe they'll give some of the money back. 76 million, maybe It'll be 60 talk all the Owners. This, this is the issue. Right. And I don't have a good solution for it. It's easy for us to talk about less games. The the 41 home games for places where people actually go to the games. Not here in Washington, but invent places, cities where the team is relevant.


That's real money. That's revenue in. Yeah. That's people walking into the door, buying food, buying merch, you know, populating the, the surrounding restaurants and bars and stuff. It's an ecosystem that, that that matters. And you know, how do you walk away from that? How, how do you, where's the replace from that? You're right. That's beyond the franchise there. Sport Aico did this thing in the franchise values, which I always think are corny 'cause there's no real way to know. It only takes one dumb person to be like, here's 11 billion. But they had the pie chart of how the Celtics, I think it was portico, maybe it was somebody else. They had a pie chart of all the Celtics revenue. 'cause they don't own their own arena.


And they had it earmarked for the Celtics making $102 million from the playoffs. Wow. Assuming they made, you know, got to like four rounds and you could see it was like, Jesus Christ, that's a crazy amount of money. But I, you know, that's part of why some of these bigger market teams, they go all in on luxury tax 'cause they feel like it's a almost like a bet. You know? Can we make that money back the longer the rounds go? I if, if they put me in charge, I would at least go to 70 games. I mean, you could talk me into the 60 would be even better. 62. But they won't. This is something Steve Kerr has been Steve Kerr at one point. I think he like hand wrote a long letter to Adam Silver, like in the last year.


Like it like it was like the 1840s. Like he's Dear Adam, it is Steve Kerr. I'm here on the, on the outskirts of Wyoming writing you a letter with a feather and a pen. But he wrote a letter like just like basically begging him to cut the schedule down. And I remember talking to Doc about this last year when he got back in and he was trying to take over the bucks and, and he was just like, we just don't practice. Like I, like I just got here with our staff's changed. I don and his doc's teams just don't practice Generally. He's like, we still get to practice and I don't get to play as much golf. No, he, he, but he was saying, and this is something any coach I've ever talked to, they always talk about this.


There's these schedule bumps where you just can't work on anything and you end up like in a hotel conference room in, in some banquet room running through like, like how you're gonna do, how you're gonna charge the, the guy with the ball and shit like that. So I don dunno. Alright, so short term Vegas next year for this or no was I'm fine with Vegas, but they need to figure out a mechanism by which they can get the a the fans of the actual teams in those buildings. I don't know. I'm like, I haven't really put too much thought as to how they would go about doing this. I'm, again, I'm biased like you guys.


I love Vegas. So I think it's a great place to host something. Like this past weekend, it was also the freaking rodeo championships, right? Shania Twain had a concert. There were cowboy hats everywhere. Entertainment. It's just a great place to host entertainment an event. So, so maybe the answer if they, if they strung it out to six games instead of four, they moved it to January and they really, that this is gonna be a direct contradiction of what I said about not being, being wuss about going against football. But you target that week between the conference championship and the Super Bowl, which we know is open every week. We know. And it is, so this year it would be February 2nd.


Yeah. And February make, And it Can make the tweak. We could make the tweak be, if we're gonna spread it out, we can make the tweak be the semis end up being home, home arenas. And then the final, you know, you make it a and you not only do you make it, you know, the destination or whatever it is, there's enough space because I don't know why the semis and the finals have to be so freaking close to each other. Like they don't, A magician Can league, How about Tuesdays the quarterfinals, then we go to Vegas Friday, Sunday the week before the Super Bowl and it's just Friday night double header. Sunday's the final.


Everyone just goes to Vegas One weekend you're in Thursday or Friday morning you're out out Monday. Yeah. You're not going against football at all. You have six games instead of four to determine Exactly. You know, you're gonna get the right order probably of the teams in some form. You might have one outlier. And the only thing we would know for sure is that the Washington Wizards won't be there. Well the reason that's great is because the buildup to it is occurring in the month of diminishing football. Right. We're not having 16 games on Sunday. We Had two more, two more in in January after Christmas. That lead up to the quarterfinals. Yeah. Yeah. And I, in terms of fans, like how much would it cost to just, here's 5,000 tickets if your team makes it, we're gonna give a, you know, we have a five, 5,000 free tickets.


Least take the ticket and go. I mean you're not gonna pay for people to, to go, but we, you're at least have access to the arena. It can't be, it can't like really be about this, you know, coffee. This maybe EMS airlines could fucking get private jets for everybody. They got the money planes, The fans. Yeah. The PJs for the fans. Oh, the Party plane. The money KC party plane. Did We lay it on this for a fix six instead of four Target that weekend before the Super Bowl weekend and maybe have the trade deadline right after on like the Tuesday. I mean, here's the thing, the trade deadline sucks now. They ruined it. The collection agreement, They AP it. There is No trade deadline that's relevant Anymore way.


They the hell Outta it. What I'm always bashing Adam Silver, like the guy did a good job. He went and got the enriched the players and the owners with this new TV deal he did. He is an absolute magnet for corporate money. Like they invented the NBA cup the next year. They like up, we got the Emirates, the Emiratis are paying for it. Like he is a master at that. But this whole thing about we want to be like football and have parody and so let's make it impossible for good teams to stack talent and trade's just an impossibility. Now this was a mistake guys. It was a mistake.


The nuggets can't even trade for Jimmy Butler who would probably be dying to go there. And they, they can't do it with the fucking apron. It's like, well Zeke Najee has to be in it and please don't look at Michael Porter's back X-rays and we have no picks. Ugh. Yeah. It's really sad. All right, wa great to see you. Who, who's winning the title by the way? Uhoh? I picked, I picked the Dallas Mavericks before the season. I don I don't know if I've unleashed this take on you. What's here. I, I saw the Celtics as the 2016 Warriors coming off a championship smoking everybody all regular season. Yeah. Faced the Cavs in the finals the year before.


Just like the Mavericks. I think the Mavericks in the, and the Celtics are gonna rematch in the finals and Luka don, like LeBron before him is going to find a way to win his first NBA championship. Y'all. What do you think of that? I love it. It's incredible. I think to give no, I I, I mean as a guy who was an early embracer of that Dallas Mavericks, they really changed the entire trajectory of their franchise at the trade deadline last year. Speaking of trades not mattering anymore. Yeah. Daniel Caffer to PJ Washington and that's a final. And then they did an incredible job in the off season building up around those guys and getting rid of some pieces that, that didn't.


12 and two in the last 14 Bill. I don't, I think unfortunately for them, I think OKC might be their kryptonite team. Eh, that's the one team that just too much speed athleticism. Yeah, I guess what they have going for them is just Jalen Williams and any game that means anything. Oh, I need to see the first Moment They gonna be in your mentions Bill. Oh, sorry, Mercy. Just, just have one awesome game when, when there's a real spotlight on, come on. Who We talking About? Believe Williams. Jay Williams. Yeah, right. Another one. He's in the doers last year he stunk in the second NBA cut. I just, I I have a lot of Jalen Williams stock. I'd like for him to come through. I mean, the other reason they lost, they just couldn't hit a three, which is now half.


He's gonna be okay. The league. You think he's gonna be alright? Yeah, I have OKC Dallas. I still feel like, I wanna see what happens with the Butler trade. 'cause see Butler's clearly this is happening soon. And if Houston got him without changing too much, what I like about them, I'm intrigued by them too. Can you house, can you imagine Eime and Jimmy Butler? Oh my God. How fucking alpha that team's gonna be if they keep doing Brooks. Like that's that, that's like a, they're like a biker gang. It's, it, it, it's exciting. I do love, I love that. I mean, who knows what the, the, the outcome would be this season's playoffs, but it would be must they're more Interesting.


Yes. And eBay looked at LeBron and called him a bitch and asked him what he was gonna do. That happened last year. Put him and Jimmy Butler. I, I just think that's, that's happening imminently. So we'll see. We'll see where he goes. All right, Waz, great to see you, y'all. We take a break, come back with million dollar picks


sometimes in basketball, 30 points can be worth more than 30 points. Right now you can get a 30% profit boost from The Ringer with FanDuel's 30 on 30 during Friday's. NBA action. We've been doing this for the last few weeks with America's number one sportsbook, a 30% profit boost. I'm gonna either pick a player to score more than 30 points or bet on our new exclusive 30 on 30 special markets line. Like you could bet on both teams to score 30 plus points in the first quarter. If you wanted to look for 30 on 30 in the FanDuel sports app or head to FanDuel dot com slash bs for your chance to score a bigger payout on Friday. I'll be tweeting out my picks on Friday. Had a great first three weeks. Didn't do well last week, but hopefully we'll make a little bit of a comeback. It's really fun to bet these don't miss your chance to find out how much more 30 can be worth with FanDuel. 30 on 30 must be 21 plus in President select states, or 18 plus in president in DC Optin required bonus issued as non-controllable profit Boost tokens restrictions apply, including any token expiration and max wager amount. See terms at sportsbook dot FanDuel dot com ga problem call 100 gambler. Visit rg help.com.


This episode is brought to by Uber Reserve. You know, it's a game changer for travel. Booking my ride in advance to the airport with Uber Reserve. Uber Reserve makes it easy to plan my whole trip. I just did this. Booking rides up to 90 days in advance to help squeeze the most at a traveling, especially if you're doing odd hours rush hours like early in the morning, you gotta do it. Plus, with Uber Reserve, you'll get an assigned driver, you get upfront pricing and you get extra wait time included. So go ahead plan like a pro. Reserve your Uber ride up to 90 days in advance. See app for details.


Alright, house week 16 is here. We had a rough week, 15 fi first time I got my ass kicked by a weekend in a while. Lost 510,000 per million dollar picks, but we're still up for 1.254 million. And I like a lot of the stuff this week. I, the only thing that really changed for me last week, and I was just wrong, like Pittsburgh, Philly, whatever, like some, some of the losses, like whatever, I just had the wrong side. I get it. Seattle Green Bay had way wrong. I I thought like this is the time Seattle is gonna show everybody that they might actually be like a little sleepy and in state, green Bay absolutely kicked their ass and Green Bay. I almost wish I had gone into that game thinking one of these two teams is going to emerge as the NFC sleeper.


I was shocked by how they, they got their ass kicked. What did you think of that game? So here's my overreaction to the en entire week. And it really does, you know, it's expressed most perfectly by, by that game, I will confess just for myself, I got lulled into a sample size that wasn't really reflective with that Seattle defense. And throughout the card in week 15. Yeah. I chose the defense over the, the, the offense. And in each instance the superior, the team with the superior offense beat the crap out of the team with the defense. Like Phil Pittsburgh? Yes. Yeah. Green Bay, Seattle. Yes. Tampa winning Buffalo Chargers. Buffalo, Buffalo, Detroit.


That was another one. Right, right, right. Yeah. Tampa Chargers. I stayed away from that, thank God. Yeah, the Seattle defense. They had, they had done Arizona twice and the Jets and the Niners when they were banged up and it made us kind of threw us off a little bit. So I was Well they Were, they were, they were good numbers. They were like, yeah, you know, look at all the ways that they've improved and they, they had health and you know, they were very, it was a compelling case. It, it just didn't hold any water. Yeah. So when I was going through the games this week, you know, look, if I'm gonna lose a week, I'm gonna go back to the drawing board. I'm gonna, I'm gonna get back in the lab, try to figure out how I can get better. And I was really looking back, really trying to go over some of the numbers versus the schedule and who played.


And so like we have these Saturday games, Texans chiefs, Mahomes isn't playing, Texans are favored by two and a half. Mahomes comes back, it seems like now it's chiefs by three and a half in Houston. And the numbers would say, Hey, watch out for Houston in this game. They have the, the number one defense in DBOA. Like they're gonna be able to really pressure the chiefs and they just haven't played enough good teams and they haven't looked good in the games they've played. And I, I'm just looking at this going, are the chiefs really gonna, they're really just gonna lose in Houston to this Houston team that can't seem like they can stay out of its own way offensively that can't really block and definitely unquestionably as a good defense, but I don't wanna say they're the good bad team, but they're kind of one level above that.


But below the Chief's Ravens bills level, You know what I mean? So this game to me was the most confounding and, and the hardest for me to try and, and, and choose a, a path and I'm halfway inclined to, to bet on Houston and grab the Houston money line. Oh on the possibility that all of the Mahomes stuff is smoke and mirrors every 'cause Kansas City's smart enough to try and get, give itself an advantage on, on everything. So part of the advantage would be having Houston's defense prepare for Mahomes and then come out with a Wence game plan. Wow. I wouldn't put it past Kansas City in any way, shape or form. The challenge is the chief defense stinks.


Their secondary is bad and they haven't been able to do anything since week eight. I mean it's, you know, look at the numbers. They're a bottom 10 past defense. So it's a, It is a stay away from you. It is, yeah. I mean, even though I think in, in the second half, especially Joe mixing these nuts, Joe mixing these nuts, like that's, that's the pathway Houston can't score in the, in in the second half. So if they get up, you know, 17 to something and then they, they do what they do, which is score a touchdown or a field goal in the second half and they try and run mixing these nuts, you know, two 15 times, that's their, their their path. Yeah. And you're up against Carson Wentz. But I i, I just don't trust that we're gonna see a healthy Mahomes and I don't like that since it that that Kansas City defense one bit.


The other thing that worries me about it is just when the team also then has to play on Wednesday. I just don't know what that does. We talked about this a little last week. I don't know what that does mentally for like how you have an edge for that game, any of that stuff. They're planning, right? They're planning for Saturday and Wednesday. The chiefs are doing that right now. Brutal. Now how can it make sense to have Mahomes in any kind of diminished capacity? All right, so We'll stay Saturday game And yet I don't wanna stay away from the other Saturday game because I think we see it the same, the Ravens minus six and a half Steelers. I wanna, there's a lot of like stuff with Lamar and watch out if the Steelers own them. And I think without Pickens, I just, I I just don't see the Steelers getting there.


You would have to be almost the greatest hits of bad Raven Steelers games from a Baltimore perspective. Miss Fugal Lamar doing something dumb. The the tipped interception, all kinds of stupid shit. The 50 yard pass interference at the Steelers get to give a new drive. And as we, we stayed with, we stayed at the craps table with the stewards I think one week too long last week. Yeah, they're 10 and four. I think if they're 10 and five, that's fine. I Don't know. Well, the problem for them is that they go to Wednesday against the Chiefs. Right. 10 and five. That's hard. Yeah, but they're still a play.


They're making the playoffs and Yes they are. I Mean, and Baltimore lost them already. So now, so if you're taking Pittsburgh, you're saying we're almost taking their touchdown underdog on top of it. They would be beaten Baltimore twice in the same season. They'd Baltimore be nine and six after this. So they wouldn't, you know, they'd be beat like a six or seven. I don't know. I just think the Ravens win and I don't, I don't wanna lay the points. I just wanna take their money line and put it with stuff. Yeah. Because every trend that's out there says that against the spread. This is a great opportunity to get in on, on Pittsburgh. I don't want to have anything to do with Pittsburgh, with no TJ Watt. Let's see what, what ha Like even TJ Wat, even TJ Watt, that's their record without TJ Watt is abysmal and every number goes out the window.


If he doesn't play now, it, it seems like he's gonna play the practice reports, you know, kind of have him in the mix. But if he's diminished at all, then I don't, I don't love it against this Ravens offense and like, you know, it's gonna Be cold That front Seven, this feels like a Derrick Henry game. The front seven for, for for Pittsburgh didn't really get home against the Eagles offensive line. I mean well That's the other thing they got, they got their asses kicked last week. They Got their asses kicked and that's it. And I, I think the Raven's offense is as good as the Eagle's offense. Yeah. All right, so we'll Mark, I do we'll marking down Raven's Moneyline, Raven's moneyline. That's the way to play it. So I have newsflash for you.


I wanna do either all money lines or adjusted underdog lines this week and tie them with a couple games. But let's, let's hit the games really quick. Eagles minus three and a half against was, this is another one where I think I just like the money line. Yeah, Great. Come on it. I just wanna grab the Eagle's money line and put it with something else. I don't trust the hook. I don't hundred percent trust this Eagle's team. And I've bet in this situation before, as have you, where you bet the Eagles and Jalen hurts, just has a super weird game and has some weird injury that they're not sure how heart, how much he's hurt. And he's throwing in triple coverage. Well he's got the, the busted finger on the non throwing hand. Yeah. This comes down, you got two things other than the Philly being way better than Washington.


They have the best running attack in the league. Your team is 28th against the run. Washington is the third best running attack in the league. Philly's number one against the run. Your team hasn't looked really that good in six, seven weeks and you've been calling it out week after week talking about like, yeah, the schedule's catching up to these guys a little bit. They were overachieving early. It's starting to come back to earth. I just don't think they're in the same ballpark as Philly. I don't trust the hook, I don't trust the cheap td. I'd rather do Philly money line. Anything make you nervous. Your instinct is lined up with, with my instinct because I've seen enough of these Philly Washington games, even in seasons where there's been dramatic difference, much more pronounced difference in the quality of the team.


Remember that Monday night game that Washington Yeah. Washington ended the Eagles winning streak that season. Yeah. It was just, you know, 20, 21 I think, whatever handful of seasons ago. But I, you know, the, the right way to play it is to take the team that has the better players. I don wanna be as, as, as reductive as possible that this is, and it's something To play for, for the handicap. They're playing for a one seat. The one seat. Yeah. It sounds like they're like, oh, I don't know. Should we try this week? Like they were, yeah, they're trying to get a bi week. I mean, again, Washington, I'm so happy. I I love this team. And they did get right. They looked awesome against Tennessee. They kicked their ass. They looked awesome in the first half against the Saints, but they still like that defense. It's the thing why when you called me last summer, you were like, because can Washington make a run here?


And I was like, man, the only problem is the defense. Yeah. Now they've made a run. It's really incredible. But put me on the money line is the right way to play this. And you're basically in the playoffs. You just gotta win the Atlanta game, right? Yeah. The Dallas game. Yeah, I agree. I'm, Those are the two games. Although taking Kirk Cousins's corpse outta there probably. You've probably sound to see Him go. I'm trying to see. I might to workshop. Can I? Is Pennix d Nah, it doesn't work. It doesn't work. I, Yeah, Kyle's gonna have to bleep that Viking Seahawks in Seattle And it, this isn't a reactionary in Seattle sucked last week. So I wanna now go against him again. 'cause we really try not to do that. If anything, that's like the worst thing you can Do.


We try. I am a petty better. Yeah, me too. And the Seattle, I, I'll be honest, Seattle hurt my feelings. Last week I was wounded game. What's wrong? Weren't game. I was like, this how it hurt my feelings. That game Was over. I was like, oh, I just lost this. I just, I watched the first seven minutes. This money is gone. You knew, bye-bye. It was, it started like four one o'clock West Coast time by one 30. I was like, all right, cross that off. Yeah. So I just think this is a horrible matchup for them. I don't like the matchup at all. The, the Minnesota's defense. The Minnesota's ability to throw with to either receiver, have explosive plays, mix the running game in.


And I, I also think Minnesota's good and the Lion is Vikings by two. I think this is Vikings are a top five team. Seattle's we learned last week is somewhere in the middle. And this is just bad luck. They played Green Bay in the Vikings back to back at home and those games are just really hard. And I think the Seahawks are gonna lose. Well it would be hard enough if Gino wasn't hurt. You cannot under any circumstances, countenance even a 5% chance that Sam Howe will be playing quarterback for, for Seattle. Right. Or About, or like injured. Gino doesn't sound great to me either. I don't even like a hundred percent healthy Gino that much. This is another test of the thesis.


We just did this with Baltimore and Pittsburgh. Take the team with a better offense. Minnesota, Seattle. I'll take the team with the better offense. I know who it is. Minnesota Secondary Getable. We've been watching some teams, you know, quietly pass the ball on them, especially in second halves. Seattle can't do it. We haven't seen Seattle's offense really do anything for, it feels like six weeks now. You know what happened? Met, yeah. Metcalf got hurt and just hasn't looked the same. Yeah. Lockett I guess is at like a different point of his career. I'm not sure what happened to him. Kenneth Walker got hurt. Yeah. So now it's like just one running back and then, you know, JS N's been there. Awesome receiver. But that's only gonna take you so far. All right, well, so we agree. We'll take the Vikings are minus three and I don't care because we're gonna use the money line for them too.


Yeah, Fine. Great. So we'll pass on the Raiders. Pass on the Lions. I looked long and hard at Rams jets for the jet side. I thought when it was three and a half, the Jets have actually been playing like pretty well lately. Yeah. I don't trust, like the Rams a lot of momentum behind them going West Coast to East Coast, but I just don't wanna bet on the Jets. Especially with all the dysfunction this week that I'm gonna talk about later with Peter Schrager, this athletic story that came out. And Garrett Wilson today gives a quote later in the afternoon about, do you think you'll be with the Jets last year? He is like, honestly, I don't know. Like I just, I, there's a dysfunction smell from them that I don't like.


So I feel like that's a stay away. But what's not a stay away for me is another Dysfunctioning team. The 49 ERs in Miami. Oh yeah, yeah, yeah. 49 ERs plus one and a half. Which one is the Dysfunctioning team? Well, both of them. The Niners I feel like probably should be favored in this game. As weird as their season's been. Adjust it on FanDuel to plus four and a half. I think we can get a little frisky with some people I wanna put them with. But just fundamentally Niners plus four and a half. Does that sound appealing to you?


So what's weird is to me, why are you going in that direction? I'd rather lay points with the Niners. 'cause I think that they're, I'd like to be at like, do it like Niners minus two and a half. Like, you know, oh, interesting. Something go in that direction where they underdog, because right now they're an underdog in that game. The money line is minus 1 0 6. It's like, you know, I'm not gonna disparage my, my great friend, my, the host of the Sunday pre-game show Ringer Sunday pre-game. I'm not gonna say that's a JJ Underdog money line play, even though JJ does, you know, sometimes get close to the line in terms of his, his dog. But minus 1 0 6 is isn't isn't even a dog.


So let's go. If he's going, we're gonna get on San Francisco. Let's get on him. Let's lay little points. Let's, let's take it in the direction that we think it's gonna go. San Francisco first half game is plus 1 65. I'm just mentioning that. Let's see. So minus the odds just aren't great for those. It's on FanDuel minus one 12 for the minus 2.5. They don't, well they, they Christian's gonna get mad at You now. I know. We just can't get any value. Yeah, well they know that's like a smart move to bend it. So they wanna, they wanna keep you. So the money line is plus 1 0 6 Plus 1 0 6.


So it moved a little bit. It moves a tiny bit, but not enough to me. You're just better off doing the plus 1 0 6. Yeah. For, but for I can also offer you plus four and a half at minus two 15 that we could put with Usic. One of the many things I wanna put with us. Oh, Okay. Yeah, that's What I was thinking. Well, I I, I was gonna do this later, but let's just say that, that that Niners plus four and a half with Usic is plus 1 41 Because Usic is like a minus one 50 favorite Give or take, right? Yeah. It's like minus 1 45 range. Okay. So, all right, well, we'll come back to them. We both like the Niners. I really like the Bengals, but I refuse.


I'm just not doing it. I'm just not, I don't trust 'em. Great instinct. Great Instinct. Just stay away. Good luck today. Stay away. I know they have a chance to make the playoffs. Depend what happens with Denver tonight. I will tell you, I'll confess right away. I do have You have the Bengals in a tease already? I No, I have them in Moneyline positions. I I they are a leg in as a money line because, Well, that was my question. Do, do we do Bengal's money line? I just don't trust their defense. Oh, you can't trust it. It's, it's a ETR is the quarterback now for the Browns. Right? That's, I don know what that's gonna look like. Oh, I have an idea. I would think of Suspicion Cards minus four and a half in Carolina. I watch the cards pretty closely against the Pats. They're not very good. I don't like, like, and that's stay away four a half.


That's ridiculous. Bucks. Cowboys another. Stay away with that Bucks Defense. And then the two big ones for me, the bills to beat the Patriots and the Packers to beat the Saints on Monday night. No Cera, rattler Iss gonna put, I think I wanted to vote week 16 to just that being in every bet that we have. Whoa. Both of them are minus 1100 on FanDuel. And could we use those teams together as swing bets with other money lines that we like? Good. We haven haven't done this all year. Oh, I mean, I feel like we haven't done it in five years. This is like, it's an old school old like get the anchor and then you build around the, It's school anchor strategy.


So, Oh, the old money line. Parlay, welcome back to my life. Pat's home for the Bills laying or getting 14 and a half Dund today on The Ringer in his excellent gaming column, recommended the Pat's plus 14 cold weather, blah, blah, blah. I just don't see any scenario like Barmore got scratched. I don't see any scenario where the Patriots beat the bills. Like none. See, all they've been doing all week is talking about the coach and then Packers, saints, Monday Night Packers still playing for stuff. Saints. I don't know what they're playing for, but they're, you know, they, you got to watch them firsthand last week. Did did, did they impress you in any way?


No, no. They, they got, they did a great rope of dope by, by having watched him prepare for boudoir photo haer. You know the guy who who who, whose real attribute is an NFL quarterback on his, the pictures of himself getting him out and putting Rattler in it messed up the Washington defense because Rattler Still could won by 10. You had and won you, you had first down in the nine yard line. Oh my God. You could have knee three Times in win the game. Also. The game was 60 minutes and four seconds. So if we're gonna mess with the the clock, we're gonna give teams extra time to, to, to get touchdowns, then, then you're in trouble. All right, so going back to where we were before, Bill's money line, Packer's money line is the anchor that we're using the anchor strategy this week. Love It. Put that with the Vikings money line minus 1 0 4.


Okay. That's a nice even money play. Put that with the Eagles money line minus one 20. Fine. You Put that with usic minus 1 0 4. Yep. See we're doing it. And we laid out the manic strategy with on Tuesday about Usik while just, just all in on him. We could also use Usik as an anchor with the Ravens Moneyline Ravens Moneyline USI plus 1 21 Niners plus four and a half with usic plus 1 41 Jets plus seven and a half. And Usik plus 1 28. My bad Ravens money in Usik was plus 1 21.


So all of those are plus. Yeah. And now we just get to move that shit around. I'm gonna take the Jets off for reasons we discussed. Yeah. But we do have the other two can't Do the Jets. So nine ERs plus four and a half Usik plus 1 41 and then the Ravens money line. Maybe that's the move. And I think that's, I think that's it. We just use anchors of Usic, undefeated the best, the best boxer of the last few years. And then Bill's, packer's, Moneyline, parlay, and we just go. So, I mean this is great. You, we took an unwatchable slate of games on Sunday 'cause it really is one of the worst slates Yeah. You know, of, of, of the season. And look at all the fun ways we have this split up.


It's great times. This Is great. So you don't wanna put the Chiefs in with the bills and packers? I don't, I I mean I, you know, I I, I'll take the L for thinking that the Browns were, you know, gonna not turn the ball over six times against the Chiefs at home. I'll take the for that. But the Chiefs weren't very impressive. Their offense really didn't look great. And that was with Mahomes, you know, most of the game healthy And you don't, and we're gonna stay away from the Bengals money line. I don't know. I I've already bet one mind To the case. It's a combination right now. It's like, queue it up, make the case for the Bengals behind line. The heart wants what the heart wants and what the heart wants is the Bengals to be in the playoffs. I want the be the Bengals to win out. I want Denver to lose out.


I want both the, the Cols and who's the other team that has to lose a game. I want the Miami as the seven seed. I want the, my, the Cincinnati Bengals as a seven seed. I want us to, to, to wake up with them on, on a wild card, you know, weekend up against, you know, the, the, the, the two seed in the form of well who, who's gonna be the, the, the two seed? Is it gonna be, it's either Buffalo or the Chiefs, right? And it's that Yeah, it's b It could be, yeah, it's Buffalo. It's either Buffalo or the Chiefs. Yeah. That's an incredible wildcard weekend There. Buffalo, Cincinnati. That's our Saturday night Amazon game. Can You imagine how good that would be?


So Cincinnati, I Honestly think it's gonna be the Chiefs. 'cause I think that Mahomes, you know, they're gonna make a decision about it. But in any event, Cincinnati with Usic minus 1 0 2. Great, great, great. Alright. So we're putting a lot on Usic. Jesus. If these lose, this is on you and Chris Manix. It's not on me. I, as I I'm on the record. Usic and Pere in the UFC, I'm just betting them every time they decide to, to do combat until they lose. I'm doing the blackjack. I'm stacking my bets on those two guys.


And it's been working for multiple years. Okay. Us hasn't lost ever. And he's, I'm knocking on Wood. So much fun to bet on. This would be the wipe out Million dollar picks. Week 16. We are up $1.254 million coming off a bad week where we learned some lessons, looked in the mirror a couple times, Don't take bad offenses. Explain the anchor strategy to the audience one more time. House Old school, bill Simmons's cousin Sal. You find a team that you like on the money line and then you start building around them. We have two teams that we like on the money line this week. Both Buffalo and Green Bay.


Amazing opportunity, Huge opportunity lines minus 1100 each. Right? Massive. So you don't get a lot of value, but on fandel you get some value And then you start grabbing, you know, teams at, at, at lesser odds that, that you like again, just on the money line and try and build up around even money or to a plus side and try and, and and, and build up a little bit of bankroll for those last minute Christmas gifts Bs because I still got some shopping to do. So we're using two anchors. The first one are the Buffalo bills just to beat New England in New England and the Green Bay Packers just to beat the Saints. Two of the worst teams right now though the Pats are one of the four worst teams. Saints are one of the 10 worst teams putting those two money lines together with the Vikings with their money lines.


So the Vikings are minus three in Seattle. And we're just gonna, something about the minus three. We're just gonna take the, let's just take the money line on It. Take the money line. Sam Arnold's do to throw a pick. I mean he is been looking outstanding. Yeah, We they might win one. We're just covered. Right. Just win the game in Minnesota. That's right. So that's minus 1 0 4. No offense to Seattle. We still have a bunch of bets with them. Nice little hedge against our bets through the That's right. And then the other one is the Eagles money line, which if you put with the bills and the Packers, the eagles just to beat Washington, they're minus three nine point favorites. You put those three together minus one 20. So we are going to put 200 K down.


Yes. On those two events. 200 K each bet. Next one. The Ravens money line on Saturday against Pittsburgh. This will probably be a weird, ugly, strange game. We both, the Weather's gonna be, it's gonna be freezing cold, Bad weather. It's a Derrick Henry game. We don't like the Ravens minus six and a half, just the money line. We're putting that with Alexander Usic who hasn't lost in his life as a parlay. Plus 1 21. Excellent. Excellent. We're gonna put 200 K on that Niners plus four and a half adjusted in Miami.


We get to bet to against Tua. Again, what's more fun than betting against two and the dj Mike McDaniel. It's great. Yeah. Niners adjusted plus four and a half with Usic is plus 1 41. Terrific. We'll put, we'll put one 50 on that. Put a little less great on that. Fair, fair enough. And then Bengals money line with Usic, that's minus 1 0 2 Bengals just to beat the Browns and whoever the hell is on their team this week. No, Nick Chubb, they, they're on their third quarterback. I don't know if they're trying to tank. I do don't know. They had their first round pick. What do you wanna put on that one? 200 or one Hundred's enough. Let's, let's not really bet on Cincinnati.


Yeah, we'll do a little 100 K just for fun. 'cause it's Sunday and there's no games. And it starts the momentum for Cincinnati to get to the playoffs. I mean, we'll, we'll know from the Denver outcome whether or not that's reasonable Denver And it the Chargers, but The anchor strategy, you don't wanna put Chiefs plus three and a half in this Chiefs plus three and a half. Oh with usic little hundred k Fire. Well, so now that, that I will, yes. So that let's what's the number? Let's, let's hear the number. All right. I just looked it up. And we're doing this House Chiefs adjusted to plus four and a half with usic to win plus one 12.


That's a hundred K. Well the only thing that, that, you know, gives us any challenge at all with that is, is Carson Wentz. If Carson Wentz ends up being but the four and a half, that's, that's Wentz protection. We'll call that Wence protection. You know what's great about that house? I kind of believe in that little redheaded, former assassin Carson Wentz to be good for one game and to try to get himself like a three year $50 million contract. But as next year's Baker Mayfield with somebody. Yeah. No way. Yeah. I'd actually be excited if he played. All right. That's our last one. Chiefs plus four and a half with usic hundred K in that, those are the million dollar picks for week 16.


So you did a Fairway rolling into the Year awards with, with our guy Nate. Yeah. The, the Rollies. We had handful of categories we wanted to sum up the year. Our good buddy Brendan Poth from the Shotgun Start podcast came on and we just ran through all of the big events. I mean Bryson as the, as the breakthrough performer of the, we call him the, the the comeback because you know Right. He's been on on the out and look at, look at Bryson King of the golf world Are di di dirk Diggler Stud of the Year went to, I'm pretty sure it went to Xander Softley for winning two majors. Right. Yeah. We, we didn't know. I Mean, Sher would hope So he had that, had that in him.


And then we, we, we had the HK Tua creator of the year and we gave that to the Louisville Police Department because that was the viral moment in the golf world. Nobody knows who Scotty Scheffler is, including the Louisville Police Department. The dudes at the front door of the golf course trying to drive in. They don't know who he is. That was the biggest moment in, in the entire world of, of golf. So yeah, we had a good time with the rollies. We gotta get a trophy for it. Did you give the hawk to a here's my Bitcoin, I'm gonna take all your money award? Or was that, that wasn't handed out. Well there are some candidates for that for sure in golf. But you know, we, we, that, that, that can make the list for next year.


Well how about the new Liv Commissioner is the brother of somebody who was our favorite basketball player we ever played with at Holy Cross Show. No deal. He's So, so many great times with Shawano and every interaction I've had with Scott O'Neill. What a great dude. He's a great guy. Tremendous. We really, really love playing with his brother. I wonder he's gotta be retired at this point. Who's shawano? Yeah. There's no way he's still playing his mid fifties. Let so great to just see him and be like, oh man, let's get on Sean's team. Let's get on Sean's Team. Figure out how Ball rash. Nice little bounce passes on the break. So good. Yeah. Handled it properly stuff. Yeah. Alright house. Happy gambling. We will see you I think next Yeah, we'll be, we'll be here next week for a million dollar picks.


Fingers crossed.


This episode is brought to by Uber Eats it's football season and Uber Eats is dropping undefeated deals on all your game day favorites this week. Score buy one get one free six piece boneless wings from Buffalo Wild Wings now on Uber Eats. And if you're craving even more, we've got you covered with game day deals on pizza, burgers, tacos and more all season long, Uber Eats official on-demand food delivery. Partner of the NFL. Order now for game day terms Taxes and fees apply. See app for details.


This episode is brought to you by Chase Sapphire Reserve. Seeing a band or your favorite sports team in person is great, but it could be even better with the Chase Sapphire Reserve card. It can help turn every moment into an unforgettable experience with early access tickets to concerts and sporting events and access to some of the best seats in the house. You'll also earn three times the points on travel and dining purchases. Find your next experience with Chase Sapphire Reserve. Learn more at chase.com/sapphire reserve cards issued by JP Morgan Chase Bank, NA member FDC. Subject to credit approval terms apply.


Alright, we're taping this. It is two 30 Pacific Time. Peter Schreker is in our New York Spotify Ringer Studios looking super snazzy. Yeah, it just fits. This is the most professional we've felt in a while. Really weird stretch of the schedule right now. We have two Saturday games with teams that are also all gonna be playing on on Wednesday. Do you think the league will ever do anything like this again? Is this a one-time thing? I think they're hoping to do this every year. It, it's unprecedented in how it all worked out. Bill. So when they first thought of this Christmas Day extravaganza, they were like, we'll have two games and we'll give it to a high bidder. Netflix got involved obviously and gave a a lot of money And it was like, all right, we know we have a Wednesday game and they're gonna be, you know, premier teams 'cause Netflix is paying top dollar.


But how do we account for player safety the best way we possibly can? Like well you can't play Sunday then Wednesday, let's make it Saturday then Wednesday, which means now four of these teams in the A FC who just so happened to be four of the top seven teams are playing three games in 11 days in late December. Unheard of. And it, the way it worked out, and we're, we're recording this on Thursday And it doesn't matter who wins tonight, but originally it was supposed to be Bengals versus Browns on Thursday night football. And Amazon has the ability to ask to flex out and a month ago they went to the league and said, can we flex out of Bengals Browns?


That's a terrible game. Can we get out of that? And the league said there's no game to really put there. The only option would be Chargers Broncos in la. But we can't do it because of League bylaws. The Broncos have already played one Road Thursday night game and one of the major rules was you will never play two Thursday night road games. So they go to Sean Peyton and they say, look, you're gonna say no but we're gonna present it to you. And Peyton was like, fuck it. Put us on Thursday night. We wanna be on prime time. We want to go into that building, I wanna play them on a Thursday night. Now the result of all that a month later is six of the top seven teams in the A FC are going to be playing two games on five days rest.


And three of the of, and four of the top six teams in the A FC are going to be playing three games on 11 days rest. Meanwhile there's a team up there in Western New York, the Buffalo Bills who play the Patriots on a Sunday, the Jets on a Sunday and the Patriots again on a Sunday and already looking at that playoff run. Well and then you have, it works out for the Broncos because he's like, yeah, yeah, fuck it, let's go. We'll go right in. And meanwhile the charges are all banged up. Yeah. So you're giving them three less days to, to heal, which I, I thought probably was an unintended consequence. Yeah. Over and over again. It just seems like everything's working out great for the bills. This is, this is, I don, it worked out Really well. I don dunno how they pulled it off.


But the kc, the whole Mahomes goes down then Netflix is worried about their Wednesday game. But then Mahomes, I heard Raheem say this on the rear gambling show today where Mahomes is like LeBron where he gets these injuries and it seems like he's gonna be out for six weeks and then he is fine two days later. He's just one of those guys. Yeah, I think he's gonna play, I think he's gonna play Saturday against Texans. Like we, well you know why we know he is gonna play. 'cause the line moves Six points. Did it really All Yeah, yeah, yeah. That's, that's been the word out of that place all week. That the one seed is very important to them. They're not gonna fake it and say, well Mahomes is safety. Like they want that one seed and they want that week off. And I've spoken to multiple sources in that building that it, you know, if Pat says he can go, he's going to go.


He has earned that from, from the coaching staff and they're not looking to protect him physically. I remember a couple years back in the divisional round against Trevor Lawrence, he bangs up the ankle, everyone's worried, what's he gonna do? What's he gonna do? He, he doesn't finish the game. But then he does play against the Bengals in the a FFC championship game and he runs for that first down and he just hobbled through it. But he got through it. I thought we might get a very Carson wins Christmas. I think the NFL and Netflix would not have been thrilled. I don't know if Beyonce and Mariah Carey and the rest would've enjoyed it. Burt Kreer and Nate Zi and the rest, I don't know. But in this case it looks like you're getting Mahomes and you're gonna get all the, the Fixins with it and it's gonna be Chiefs versus Steelers with, with Mahomes. And the stakes couldn't be higher because There's one other, I think it matters other, there's one other stake beyond the one seed and all that stuff.


It's, Mahomes kind of lost his spot in line this season, you know, and he, and now he's turned into this, well when the playoffs come, he's gonna turn it on. But I think from, just from an entertainment standpoint and from honestly a ceiling standpoint, Alan and Lamar Jackson have just been better. Even Burrow's been more fun to watch and Mahomes is just grinding these games out. It always looks like he has seven injuries and he's having one of those seasons you have when you're 37. But he's still in his twenties. Yeah. And he is, he is played, you know, a lot more games than probably some other quarterbacks the last few years. And the weapons have been in and out. He, the tackle situation has been dicey.


I get it. But it's just interesting. Like I, I just think Alan and Lamar have have blown him outta the water during this regular season. But you also feel like we gonna get to the playoffs and the Holmes is probably gonna yank it back. And I think that's why the number one seed is so important. Give us an advantage. Give us something over these teams. Remember the Bills beat them head to head. So if they were to lose, you know, two of the next three games, then they succumb and they have to go on the road and they don't wanna do that. They want the one seed, they want the week off. They think it's important. The offensive line has been a disaster. And they put DJ Humphreys in there for one game. He lasted one game got then Joe Tooney, a guard is playing left tackle for a team. That's the one seat in 13 and one. It's, it's pretty Incredible. Not a great sign and Not a great sign.


You know, the numbers weren't crazy sac wise but he was under pressure the entire game last week against Cleveland. And you look at what Houston's bringing this weekend and between Dene Hunter and Willie Anderson, they have the second mo sacks in the NFL that's in Christmas. You, you know, you have this one on Saturday and then on Christmas you think TJ Watt's gonna play. You assume KA Hayward and all those guys are out there. Like he's going up against two of the best defensive front sevens in the league over the next two weeks. If they win both of those games though, they get a buy and they can rest week 18 and the next week during the wild card round. So I was, I did a thing on Sunday with Sal about the year Alan's having and how actually it's a bad sign for Buffalo Super Bowl hoops when you have these teams with the awesome quarterback having the MVP year combined with a defense that can't really stop anybody.


The signs are bad. Like just you went Through the list, I heard think Yeah, I went through it just in general but then this, this week Aaron shots had a tweet. What's he got About basically in the last 30 years, 11 teams went nine and five and then made the Super Bowl. And the reason he did it was because for DVOA, which has been an essential part of kind of studying following football the most of the century, the Ravens are nine and five, they're shoved aside a little bit right now I think especially as Buffalo's gotten the thing. But 11 outta 30 teams have made the Super Bowl and some good teams like 2016 in Atlanta was nine and five. The 2002 Raiders, you go on down the line 2023 KC last year.


And I don't know the fact that they're number one in DVOA and not being talked about. They have this Pittsburgh game coming up this weekend. There's six and a half point favorites against Tomlin and the Steelers when Lamar has struggled against them, you know, for his whole career basically. But I do wonder if they're starting to get a little sleepy, like I was looking at their, their title odds, their AFC odds and they, maybe they're the undervalued team 'cause everyone's on Green Day now in the A FC. Yeah that was like I was a week late on that one. Maybe it's Baltimore and the A ffc. What are your Baltimore thoughts? I love Baltimore this year. I think they got the perfect bye week. They needed it more than ever. They got it. They come out, they beat up on the Giants last week where Lamar throws five touchdowns.


Yeah. And now they're getting healthy and it's, look the eight of nine, it's real. And you know, the last Ravens quarterback to beat the Steelers was Snoop Huntley and Wow. A lot of those games. Yeah. And a lot of those games were, were decided by one score less. And the Steelers just found a way at the end, even the last time they played. You remember that Peyton Wilson interception on the sideline with Justice Hill, they still had a chance at the end with a two point conversion, but there was so much confusion. Lamar afterwards is furious on the sideline. And it's like, all right, well if you can't beat them in close games, like how do we have our faith in the Ravens? I think since that game they have gotten healthier. And I think the bi-week was important. What I think is gonna be very interesting on Sunday, which I mean you're talking about the greatest sports viewing day if you're a football fan ever is this, is this Saturday.


I mean it's right there. Smack dab in the middle four 30 Eastern. You got Brady and Burkhart on the call. Justin Tucker's gonna have to make a kick here and Justin Tucker's gonna have to come through. And last week he made one and they had a lot of field goals and they had a lot of touchdowns And it was fine. But like Justin Tucker's gonna have to make a kick or two in some inclement weather against the Steelers. And I think it's important that Justin Tucker gets right 'cause that's how they play football and especially against the Steelers team. It's always a one score game Going against the guy who now has the Justin Tucker championship belt. He's got the, he's got the belt. Yeah. Chris Boswell headed for 200 fantasy points. Yeah. So Baltimore's first in offense, Pittsburgh's seventh in defense for DVOA and yet Pittsburgh got their asses kicked by Philly last week.


And I thought it was a more alarming game than a usual loss because they lost in ways that I wasn't, I just weren't on my bingo card. Like them just getting, manhandled them giving up a 22 play drive to basically finish the game. But if you're a Steelers fan, you look at it and you go, well we got screwed on that penalty where there was clear video after of the guy Darius like punching our guy Darnell Washington. Yeah. And then not they're driving down it seems like they're gonna maybe tie the game and Najee fumbles And it's like, eh, we're little like yeah, little closer further than you thought. Yeah, I thought they got pushed around and manhandled and beaten up and now they're heading into these next two games Saturday, Wednesday. This just feels like this all flipped at the worst possible time.


What are, what are your Pittsburgh feelings? I think your instincts are right that they have dominated in the trenches and Russell has not made mistakes. And like in this game, Cooper Deje has the fumble, Hertz makes the early mistake. You're like, okay here come the Steelers. And then they just couldn't close that gap. And then like you said, in real time it felt like two hours at the end of the game it was just, and like it was such a long drive that like Brady and Burkhart are doing banter about Belichick during it. Right. They just like, they're stuck in college. Yeah. You snuck in like, like empty the bag. We have to find something to talk about because this game isn't in hand right now. That's worrisome if you're the Steelers. 'cause their whole mantra has been keep the game close. Russell will make a play at the end and will run the ball down your throats and will stop you on defense. And they couldn't do that against a more physical team in Philadelphia.


But there is a mental edge here, like Tomlin's coming into this thing. Like we've won eight of nine with we, we've won games with everyone from Duck Hodges to Mason Rudolph to whoever. Like we can beat the Ravens. We have no fear in going into this building. Yeah, I I part of me wonders and I've been riding them the whole time. Part of me wonders if they out kicked their coverage a little bit this season. Just in general, you look back at some of the games they won some of the schedule stuff. Their most impressive win was probably that first Baltimore game just for Yeah really pulling it out and seeing Yeah. But that it just shouldn't matter this much that George Pickens is hurt. I like George Pickens. He's their biggest Threat though. Like they don't, I know, but it just, it shouldn't be just an absolute deal breaker to be able to, you know.


I know because then they're running the ball all the time but they're running it for three yards a carry. 'cause everyone from the box plane knows they have to run the ball. Lemme Like, yeah because my, my thought is like I wonder if this is a Lamar. A Lamar, oh I can't be Pittsburgh. No doubt. Here we go. And he looks great. Great. He Had those, he's had those Games and looses again and it's like holy shit. Pittsburgh's an attack. I'm trying to think of whatever narrative comes outta that game And that feels like the a likely narrative to me. And then it's a quick turnaround because four days later Lamar's gotta go play the Texans. It's like this crazy round robin. But Kyle Brat and I on good morning football, we always, you know, talk about the most valuable player industrial industry complex. Like we made this thing like starting in week two, it's like who's the MVP?


Who's the MVP And I put it to bed last week, maybe a little premature and I was like Josh Allen's done. Like it's over. Like why are we even, let's not just do this for the sake of a segment and the amount of feedback I got from people around the league, not fans being like slow down Lamar's got better numbers. Yeah. And Lamar's games are all showcase games over the next few weeks. Yep. So on Saturday when everyone's watching Lamar's gonna be able to have that showcase game. And then on Wednesday on Christmas when everybody's watching Christmas afternoon, Lamar could have that showcase game and by the end of it we're not gonna see Josh Allen on national television for the last month of the season. And you might say, well who gives a shit about national tv?


The people who vote are writers who are usually in press boxes and just looking at box scores afterwards. But on Christmas day and on a Saturday they will be watching and if enough hysteria gets going and Lamar can finish this thing out, it is not over yet. Lamar could steal this and get his third MVP On Fando right now Alan's nine to one. Basically he's a nine to one favorite and Lamar is plus six 50. And that feels outta whack to me because Lamar having an awesome game against Pittsburgh. And then what you said every everything else he is doing is gonna be like major games. Josh is gonna be on like my top right multi-viewer. Yeah. For the Pat's bills game and that's about it. Like he's just gonna be in witness protection with that.


With all that said, there is another scenario where Lamar sucks against the PI against Pittsburgh again. Yeah. And Pittsburgh wins 18 to 16 and Justin Tucker misses a couple field goals, the whole thing. Speaking of awards, I wanted to ask you this. Yeah. I hate when people do interviews and they say, I wanted to ask you this, I should just ask you my bad's. I'm still trying to get better at this. It's okay. Forgive now you'll get there. Coach of the year. Ooh. Do you know the favorite is, have you looked at this? I haven't. I I would imagine, I'm gonna give it to you 12 and two. Kevin O'Connell's probably the favorite right now. So he is, he's the only one with minus odds. He's minus one 90. Dan Campbell dropped a little bit because his entire team got hurt. Apparently that was his fault. But, but hell of a locker room speech and an interview.


Yeah. On 97 1 in Detroit. I guess the pregame speeches only go so far. Sean Payton six to one, Dan Quinn, 10 to one, Tomlin 15 to one McDermott 30 to one. And then you have to press the see rest of the bets link to go on Fando to go to Sean McDermott 30 to one Siri Bowls. Where's Andy Reed? There's Andy Reed's, Andy Reed at 35 to one. So 13 and one is, is This like a Belichick thing? He is not allowed to win. Yeah, He's done, he's three wins away from 300 wins in his career and no one has even mentioned that they're 13 in one. All they do is win. How is he not the number two guy to be able to be to, I just don't understand that He succumbeded any, any respect for any of that and then we'll see him in Jan like it is, it is, it is amazing how this award has given out.


Usually it's a first year guy who gets his team into the playoffs and it's like a quick bump. And we've seen that from McVay and from Matt Naggy and from Stefanski And It could have been Harbaugh this year if they'd done been Harbaugh like 11 and five or 11 six. Brian Dbol was that this year I think the O'Connell thing is happening because people are just like, they keep on winning and if you look at their team it's a bunch of castaways. Whether it be darn Aaron Jones, Jonathan Grard, like you go right down the list. It's all guys who were with other teams last year. But let's not, let's not underestimate just what Andy Reid is doing their roster every week. Well we we're, we we are underestimating it 'cause he is just the 10th best odds on on Fandel right now. Apparently nobody's betting on him. Yeah, and what's gonna be amazing, I don it, we're gonna go through the coaching hires and spas is not gonna get a single look again.


I'm just telling you like it is. No one's gonna interview Matt Naggy and their GM is gonna remain and their number two GM is Mike Borzi. I think he's excellent. I don't even know if he's gonna get one of these GM jobs. So it's gonna be like, all right, they do it again and they're just gonna bring everyone back next year. It's this fine well-oiled machine and they don't get poached. It's incredible. You think like all the weapons, they lost the fact that they pat, they had the bullseye on them all year, all the close games they played that they had to pull out. I think he would be my number two choice. I actually think what O'Connell's been doing on Minnesota, that team is so well coached, so well prepared, salvaging Donald and turning him into a guy that's now probably a 30 to $35 million a year guy in the open market.


Amazing. Amazing. He's made a real, a real decision for them. And I would also say, you know, I work on the Sunday kickoff show on Fox and like early on in the season, Michael Vick my colleague who's now the new head coach of Norfolk State, shout out to Norfolk State. Michael Vick was like, you know, Donald's kinda like a game manager And then he goes on this run where he threw five touchdowns in a game. He had to take them 90 yards outside in Chicago in overtime. Did that. Yeah. He also, you know, said A few fourth quarter, like they need fourth quarter to drive here. He's come through. Yeah, That's not game manager. That is okay we're gonna put the ball in Sam's hands and like let's let him lead us the way interesting one this weekend in Seattle. I would think they would win and then they finish up the season with the Lions and the Packers and that's where it's at.


It's like, all right, everyone's waiting for that and those are the two games to end the season. But if the Vikings went out Bill, they are the number one seed in the NFC and that's incredible. If the Vikings went out, regardless of what happens to anybody else, Yeah they are the one seed. They would have all the Tiebreakers. I mean Detroit probably needs that one seed more than any team is needed. A one seed in a while. I don, I don Know how much it's gonna help. I might be off Detroit right now. I don't know man. Would you see that? Somebody had the graphic of all the people on the IR by each team and Detroit had 22 guys. I have it here. Detroit. Detroit had 22 then the next team was the Browns at 18.


Yeah. And the Dolphins at Giants at 15. So the Lions had basically, if you go to like the fifth most IR team, they have almost, you know, 60% more than like the fourth plate. I I've never seen anything like it. I don't even know Do like I know you have some Lion's connections. Do they even have an explanation for how they have many Injuries? No, it's, it's, it's, it's Is heartbreaking. Do you look at the training staff and go, what are we, are we doing something wrong? Like what is It? I don't think so. I, you know, I remember the 2029 ERs had something like this where like just early on in the season it was like Bo was out and then Garo is out and like, but the crazy thing is they're still finding ways to Put up points. Now the David Montgomery loss is real. That one sucks.


Like Montgomery's very important to That was when I closed the door on my Lion's one seed bit. It Might be down, it Might be the Buffalo where they just outscore everybody. But now, but what really made them special was that Montgomery Gibbs combo. I Know, I know. It was a top three running back situation anyone had. Now they don't have it. I know. And we had, you're gonna love this. We had Taylor Lautner on our show, good Morning Football. Taylor Lautner of Twilight fan. Twilight Who by the way, he is a great dude and loves the NFL and he has a podcast with his wife who appropriately is also named Taylor. And they had Aiden Hutchinson on as their guest. 'cause he's a diehard Lions fan and we're promoting it and like Hutchinson's, like if we make the Super Bowl, I'm back, if we make the Super Bowl we're back.


And that came out the same exact day as Dan Campbell's riveting radio interview. And it's like on paper it makes no sense that this team that is down 22 guys, most of them on defense and are using third and fourth and fifth string players in key positions down the stretch should compete. And then you talk to anyone there and it's like, why can't we just be one of these teams at Destiny? Why can't we be one of these magical teams? And who knows, if you get to the Super Bowl somehow you get Aiden Hutchinson back and suddenly you find yourself in their New Orleans and you got a bunch of crazy Lions fans who haven't seen a World Championship game since 57. The Pats had a year like that where like Troy Brown was playing Nickelback.


Yeah. And just, it just felt like everything was going wrong the whole year and they still almost made the Super Bowl, but they had the Brady Belichick infrastructure. It's a little different Jar Goff who's never won a Super Bowl and Campbell was never, you know. Yeah. But we've seen like teams, the Colts had years where it just felt like their defense had passed the point of no return and they were somehow in the a FC title game. Yeah. I'm not one to rule 'em out, but that I, I gotta say the Montgomery thing, that was the one that made me go up it because their defense sucked anyway. Like they were gonna have to win. Like Buffalo's gonna have to win that, That Colts team, I think it was the oh six Colts team that won the Super Bowl. They had the worst defense in the league and they'd given up like 250 yards to Ron Dane and Dominic Davis and the Houston Texans like the last week of the season.


And then playoffs come and it's like, we need to win three games. Can we string it together? And they did. And the home field always, always matters when you can get it. So if Detroit can find a way to just hold, serve and and maintain home field, if they win out, they're the number one seed. So I, yeah, but You know, what's Eagles? You know what's been lost though? I think if they're healthy, I, I really do think they win the Super Bowl and they're the best team. I think starting the year for what whatever their talent was and the situation and the guys at the points of the careers they're at, I think they had the best team. And I think that's why it feels so wide open now. Because sometimes you just remember there was that year that the year Brady got hurt oh eight. Yeah. When all of a sudden we just ended up with that weird Pittsburgh, Arizona Super Bowl.


It's like, what the fuck is this? Arizona Arizona came in with with eight wins on the regular season and a run. Yeah. Don't you Feel like something weird like that could happen this year? I don I'm prepared for like any Super Bowl matchup. Right. The NFC to me is so interesting. The A FC, you've got your powers and like they're all Yeah. The NFC like would you be shocked if Baker Mayfield and the Buccaneers upset, you know, a team in the wild? Yeah. And they, they beat the for the Yeah, Because they just score 37 on the road against whoever Doubt. Of course they scored, they scored 40 points on the number one defense, the chargers and Put up 500 yards of offense that didn't punt. And you're like, oh wait, what the hell's going on in Tampa? Like they, they, they might be the team. So this could be that year and the NFC like the Eagles could finish with 13 straight wins and yet I don't know, like, does that feel like the Eagles are gonna run away with the NFC?


I don't feel that way. I think the Vikings and the Packers can give them a battle on the lions too. So I'm excited, excited for this year's playoffs. If you're just saying talent now for who's left, it seems like the Eagles have the most talent in either conference, just all sides of the ball. If you're just gonna do a ranking of you're grading all the players and yet I don't even think the Eagles fans, even the Eagles fans have like their guard up with it and there's always seems to be something weird stories popping out and chemistry stuff. And so part of me wonders is that a red herring and then the other part of me wonders like I, every time there's smoke like that, it never turns out well for the team. So I don't know what to think of them either. They, they would have to be the team that if gone through your head you would pick, but I don't feel good about it.


That 2017 Eagles team, they lose went and I was the sideline reporter for Giants Eagles and like Span Nolo was the quarterback, the coach of the Giants as an interim coach. And everyone was off the Eagles at that point. And then Foles comes in and I remember talking to, to Foles and Peterson and Brandon Graham and all those guys, and this is right before the dog masks And it was like, the world is against us. They don't believe in us, we're the underdogs. And like that really, that really worked. Can you still do it again? And now the thing is, you know, Jalen Hertz throws for a couple, you know, a hundred yards to two receivers and then comes up and he is like, is that what y'all wanted? And it's like, no, no, no, no we didn't do this. The media didn't do this. Brandon Graham, your teammate went out on a radio interview and said that you guys weren't friends.


Like we didn't do this. And then Sirianni and and Clint hurt are having this really like, heated thing on the sidelines where Jalen, Jalen Carter is laughing in the, and it's like, no, no guys, that the cameras caught that like that happened, that was real. And it's like, yeah, the media's trying to pull us apart. So they find a way to galvanize there and Philly and I'm sure she and whoever else you have on the Philly special can break it down far greater than I can. But like they feed off that tension. But there isn't a lot of joy in the Philly fan like world. So That's what's the Noticeable They don they don't like it, it's always like tense and stressed And it's like, it's not, it's not this fun ride. Yeah. Even watching the Eagles, it doesn't seem like a team that's having like the most unbelievable time ever together. No, and I don know you, you, you notice different vibes from different teams.


Maybe they'll, maybe it'll come together. I wouldn't rule it out. But you did make me think of something and maybe it's like two weeks to early to figure this out, but who's the best candidate for the Nobody Believes in Us team in the playoffs. 'cause that Eagles team is a great example that 2017 went, goes down, everyone writes 'em off. Oh, they're done. And then they, it's it's the, it's the force that has been kind of the most dominant playoff force year after year after year. Is it Detroit? Yeah. Does Detroit have the best? Nobody believes in this case. Yeah. I feel like everyone's fleeing that band. We don't Even believe in them anymore. Yeah. I think Everyone's fleeing that bandwagon. And Dan Campbell's the perfectly nobody and the perfect, nobody believes in Us Coach and like Chris Spielman is in that building.


He's the perfect, nobody Believes in Us Guy. I, I feel like they'll feed off that. And and that is your team. And then I think if there's another one of them, like the other one that you would say is the Houston Texans who are gonna easily win their division. They're gonna play the Chiefs and the Ravens over the next two weeks. And they might, they might win two of those games. One of those games. And no one's gonna pick them and everyone's gonna say, oh Whatever. Yeah. Here's the thing with them is they're the no, no. Fuck you. Nobody should believe in you guys. Steve, you guys are barely winning every I saw You loose of the jets on a Thursday night in person. Hell, hell, it's your fault. You Can't even scored 20 points you can't block. I would say KC last year was a good example of this. Yeah. When they lost that Raiders game and people were like, I'm out, I'm out. Done. They're not gonna do again. Done Christmas, I'm out eight O'Connell, beat him, I'm out.


And yeah. And, and I thought they used that to their advantage. Yeah. The The Vikings are, Vikings are a candidate, but like O'Connell doesn't have that like deal with him. Like, I feel like you need a coach who's gonna really dig deep. Sirianni does that. Dan Campbell does that. Like I've heard stories of Sirianni like going really deep with film references and like showing movie clips. And I remember Dan Quinn when he was back with Atlanta, would call me on a Saturday night just to bullshit before my Fox show. And I'd be like, gimme something. And he is like, well, I show, I showed a, a sugar Shane Mosley fight last night because the situation was this. And I'm like, dude, like, like these guys, they go deep like what can motivate these? And like, that's Campbell, that's sirianni. Kevin O'Connell's more like, guys, we got this.


We can do this one game at a time. Like there's none of that hate and none of that toxicity of like us against the world. It's more I believe in you. Which works also, right? Yeah. Because I think Pittsburgh is maybe, Yeah, Couple the waiting room for this convo. Especially if they like lost to Baltimore this week. All right, we're done. They're out. Fun run, done. I can't believe you won 10 games. You guys are out. Watts hurt now. And and then Tomlin feeds off that. But yeah, I would say Detroit has to be the odds on favorite for it. Maybe Tampa too with Yeah. Just not being considered at all. And Tampa's had some good wins. Their offense is excellent. Like they're over 400 points already, you know?


Yeah. Know they dropped 40 in the Chargers and You think about it too, they they lost their offensive coordinator from a year ago. He took the job in Carolina. Yeah. Then Liam Cohen comes in and Liam's Put up better numbers with Baker, which is incredible. And what what's fun with this team is they lost four games in a row. Mike Evans was hurt. Chris Godwin was hurt. Yeah. And everyone wrote them off, but they just went ahead and just kept on winning. So now they're the hot team, You know, who didn't write 'em off? Me and Sal, because they were in the such a bad division. Nobody is allowed to be. Even Carolina you could barely write off. It was like, is seven wins gonna be our champ in this division? What do you need in that N-F-C-A-F-C South 30? What you need less than 30 wins. What was the combined bet you Guys did? That's Yeah, we're getting that. It was, it was under 30. We're getting that.


The, the Pennix cousins thing was coming for a while and I knew when late did that mile an hour stat for cousins was 36 miles an hour is you could, you could see it the way they called the game with the Raiders where they just weren't gonna let him do anything. Is there any way to spin this? Like if, like let's say I'm Arthur Blank, how are you spinning this to me? That is it, is it like, hey look, this is why Yeah, we had to invest in panics. Like these are assets. If you go one for two, it's a win. Like what, what do you say to Arthur Blank at this point? Well, I think the first pat in the back goes to Quai, AFO Mensa and Kevin O'Connell up in Minnesota who had a franchise quarterback and said, we're gonna let him walk out the building something nobody does without a plan B.


We're gonna go to the draft and we're gonna pick up a free agent. But I remember talking to Kevin, he is like, it's heartbreaking. We love, we love him, but we, he's 36 years old coming off an Achilles injury. Like I, yeah, we can't give him a hundred million. The Falcons did. And your argument for the Falcons is like, all right, let's see what we get with with cousins. I give him a little bit of credit and that they eventually did pull the plug. 'cause this, he's gonna make $90 million guaranteed from the Atlanta Falcons for 14 weeks of football. And they're paying him that and they're like, we're not gonna just play you because we're paying him that we're gonna then go the Back. But why didn't you do before the Raiders game? Why not do you frustrat that Raider game? I don't understand that. And I reported it on Fox couple weeks ago. 'cause I, he would, he looked horrible cousins for three straight weeks.


So like the second week of it they were playing the, the Chargers at home. And I, I reported, I'm like, he pennix didn't take any first, first, you know, squad snaps this week it was all Scout team and they were just like, we're going with cousins, we're riding this out. It's almost too little too late. But this does open things up a little bit. Like Zach Robinson's a good offensive coach. I knew him when he was with McVay's staff in LA and he was the quarterback's coach and he does all sorts of cool like QB waggle outside the pocket stuff. And I know how excited he was when they drafted Pennix. 'cause he is like, that's really cool. And down the line when the time comes, like we'll do really neat stuff with him. I think you're gonna see an entirely different offense over the next three weeks and a lot of stuff with a quarterback that isn't a running quarterback by by like Lamar.


But he can at Daniel at least move. But he can move. Yeah. Kurt Cousins cannot move. He cannot move laterally That game against the Raiders on Monday night, I mean he scored a touchdown early and it was like pump your chest, like told you got no like he couldn't move. It was a crazy game to watch. And that was the fourth straight week. He's done that. Yeah, it's weird. 'cause week one he looked like that. And then everybody took the Eagles in week two, which is now looking back, one of the weird results of the season. Weird ones when the game's over, somehow they don't. And then all of a sudden Atlanta has the ball. Sequan dropped The fast. Yeah, yeah. Atlanta comes flying back down the other way and it's like Kurt's back and it turned out he wasn't back. But I, look, we've seen teams get out of these giant awful cap hit things.


Russell Wilson, Denver, you know, takes a huge hit with him and there's somehow gonna be like a 10 win team this year. So it's not, not awful. I'm, to me more interested like this makes the season more fun now that we get Pennix. You Suddenly get this new guy with all, all these Weapons and it's like, what if this guy's good? This could be like, because you know they have a chance to maybe, maybe, you know, it's not a puncher's chance to maybe catch Tampa if Tampa as a dumb loss. Can I break a little news here while I'm live on the podcast with you? I just got a text that Jets have completed interviewing Jim Naggy, who is the senior director of the Senior Bowl for their GM position. So they're interviewing a lot of guys. So I'm just interjecting with the text I got from But that's A source.


Is that kind as breaking news or like cat breaking news? It's, it's, It's it's news. They Interviewed Guy Jet's Interview news. Yeah. Interview guy along. Let's take a break and I wanna talk about the, no, I wanna talk about the Jets after that. 'cause there was a crazy article today.


This episode is brought to you by Peloton. Life's always changing one season, you're trying to break personal records and the next, you're just looking for a solid routine. Peloton is here for all of it with workouts that flex to fit your schedule, whatever it looks like. You've got options from four week strength programs to running, cycling and everything in between. Pelotons got the tools to adapt to whatever goal you're chasing and this season of your life. And here's the real kicker with Pelotons, I'll access membership. You can work out wherever you need to at home on the bike tread or row or even on the go with the app. Take your favorite classes with you to the gym on the road, wherever. So whatever you're aiming for that 5:00 AM club or squeezing in a late night session, Peloton is ready. Whenever you're find your push, find your power with peloton@onepeloton.com.


This episode is brought to you by the all new Reimagined Nissan Kicks from the bold new exterior to the performance and tech features like intelligent all wheel drive and a Bose personal plus sound system. Cars where I live, I live in the Los Angeles area and cars are one of the most important things you can have. 'cause you're in them a lot because you gotta drive around all over the place. You know what's fun? To have a nice car for an everyday commute to have music and the ability to do hands free stuff And just to feel safe, you can do it. Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Head over to Nissan USA to learn more. Bose Personal plus sound system is an available feature. Bose is a registered trademark in the Bose Corporation. Intelligent all wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


So big athletic article today about the Jets and the ownership and the suns and EA ratings. And Jerry Judy, this became an immediate, everybody texting everybody the same thing. It's on every NFL team's. Reddit, it's, it just became one of the stories of the year. A lot of anecdotal stuff that I think had been floating around plus some new information. And guess what the TLDR was like they, the jets are super dysfunctional, which we knew already, but I think what I didn't realize was how kind of medley Woody Johnson is. And people had always said when he was doing the ambassador thing, it was nice and Woody's out, but then when he came back, that's when it got a little, little crazy again.


So in retrospect, like both of us were bullish on the Jets. You were even more bullish than I was. Yeah, but this team was so dysfunctional. It's not like we didn't know they were dysfunctional. So what made any of us think that this team was gonna suddenly become functional and is there any way out of this with this owner? Yeah, that article dropped today and it was like, I got, you know, a lot of, and a lot of that stuff. Like I can't, I can't discredit a lot of it that's in Diana's article with Mike Silver and Zach Rosenblatt and like, look, when Woody took that UK ambassador job from President Trump in 2017, his son's brick and Jack were 11 and nine and it's like, you know, 11 years old and nine years old.


He goes away. Christopher Johnson, his younger brother takes over and suddenly like the Jets building, it was like, all right, they're leaders in social justice and Christopher Johnson's giving Kelvin Beacham like an opportunity to speak on behalf of the team. And it was right through all of like this turbulent time in the NFL and the Jets were leaders in the space And it was like, gosh, like everyone was, was pretty impressed with the Jets organization. And then they hire Sala, they hired Joe Douglas and then Woody comes back and his sons are suddenly, you know, of high school and college age. And then you go to these Jets games and you see the sons pregame and they're like on the sidelines and they look cool and they got the, the blazer on and they got the sunglasses on and they're walking the sidelines and it's like these, it, this is a freshman at Harvard and a kid in boarding school and their dad and mom own the New York Jets and they have all access to do like, I don't spite the kids and I don't spite the own it, but what it is, it is true.


Like these kids are around and I actually, I I feel it's amazing bad for it's, I feel bad for Brick the older one. 'cause everyone says he is actually a good kid and it's like he's getting li Lambasted in this article. Yeah, the Madden thing, I'm not gonna discredit that. Like things like Madden ratings could come in. Like I've spoken to sources like the Jerry Judy trade wasn't happening because the Cleveland Browns offered something better and that's why it wasn't because his Madden rating wasn't what it was. But I will say, you know, I, I don't know if this will be breaking it, but like Joe Flacco was with the team two years ago and Flacco was a good veteran in the locker room for Zach Wilson. They go in, they get Rogers and like the plan was let's get Rogers. And like I could tell you that ownership was like, I, I don't know if we want to go that direction.


Like let's, let's, let's go with Rogers and let's go with Zach and let's figure out else we do. Like I don't want a big pay Joe then Joe FCO goes on to win Comeback Player of the year. Yeah. And you're like, and like little things like that where I, I know the owners. It's true. Like I know that Woody was like sometimes in the draft like will show displeasure if it's a pick he doesn't like, like that is fact. I've heard that from ex-employees and that's a lot of this, there are a lot of ex-employees from the Jets right now, which Is always the most dangerous thing for a piece like this. This the 20 people are like, fuck it, I don't like that guy. Here's two Stories. What the fuck? I lost my job. Like it's, you know, the Jets went through a turbulent time in 20 14 20 18 and now it's this year and it's always when they get rid of like a certain, you know, group in the front office and then what do they have to lose?


They'll tell stories and a lot of it's probably their vantage point and there's half truths and real truths. But like the end of the day, this ain't the Pittsburgh Steelers. No, this is, you know, this, this isn't the Kansas City Chiefs. Like there certainly is some, some fissures and You know what and, and, and issues with like some of the ways things go down, but like, I think all they wanna do is win. Like it's not like they're not giving the GM the g the green light to go get Aaron Rodgers or to go trade for Devonte Adams. But I, I can't discredit The article. You know what? Here's the thing though. I and Wickersham and I talked about this last week 'cause I genuinely think one of the reasons Belichick went to college was he was like, I'm up for this.


It's not the right franchise situation with the right kind of ownership. There's no meddling son of the owner, anybody kind of messing with me, I probably don't wanna do it anyway. Right. So, so after I put that pod up, some different people reached out to me and a friend of mine was saying, you should do something on your pod about the difference between NBA owners and NFL owners. Okay. I would love to hear that mean, you know that world. I know the NFL world again, I was, It's just like the, the Jets ownership thing that's in a lot of buildings, dude. So that's the thing he was saying like what's different about NFL owners versus MB owners, NFL owners, they own these big giant billion dollar companies.


They're in a suite, they're detached from the fans, they get to do what they want. They'll put their son in charge here, they'll do whatever, but they're still a sense of detachment. Whereas NBA owners, they're in the crowd, they're with the game. Like they're, they're kind of ing in the mix for, and the type of people that have been buying NBA teams aren't like these NFL like just these super rich families passing down the team to different generations. The NBA lot of the owners they have are people that either came up with the money themselves 'cause they were rich or you know, they thought outside the box or they were some family that bought in or there's somebody like that Matt ish, who's like the self-made guy who's like, I know how to do everything And it iss like all over the place.


And, but the the point is like there's so many of these jet situations in the NFL and I don't feel like there's the same in the NBA, some of it there's different levels of owner incompetence in the NBA, but it's, it's somehow a different lane than NFL incompetence. The Senate, like the Jets have been like this for 15 years, right? Yeah. I mean look, I I think the NFL has a different structure with ownership. So in NBA, you can be a rich finance guy and you can buy a team with the NFLA private equity can only now own up to 10% of a team. They only let six different private equity companies even play a role in that. That's brand new. Yeah. And, and for the most part, all of the owners are majority owners and it's been handed down family generation, generation generation, like the bango ownership or They bought in in the nineties or the eighties and got it at a certain price and they just have all the power.


But like the Bengals ownership group, like I, that's their only, that that's their main income, right? Like that's their business. They own the Bengals. You look around and you go all the way to like the, the Rams, like that's a new owner, right? So the cronies, like they obviously have a whole sorts of real estate stuff and they own all these different teams, but there are a lot of teams where the owners are families and it's handed down generation to generation and like the Steelers are one of those teams, but over the years Jimmy Haslam had a minority stake of the Steelers, then he goes and buys the Browns. David Tepper had a minority stake of the Steelers, then he goes and becomes the majority owner of the Panthers.


You're not gonna be a Johnny come lately in this circle and just be like, I got a lot of money, I wanna buy an NFL team. That's not how it works. And like in New York, like Gary Vaynerchuk always says I wanna own the jets. Like, and Gary V wants to own the Jets, I think in different leagues, like that's a possibility. But the jet, the Johnsons aren't selling this thing. Like they're just not, and they, they might give a minority piece to someone here at some point, but like they'll always be 51% owners. And that's for most of these teams and the minority piece for it, for these owners, like if you were to be a minority owner and you know, this week we saw Vince Carter and Tracy McGrady are now minority owners of the Buffalo Bills. Right. And Josie Alor is a minority owner and Louis Hamilton's a minority owner. And Condoleezza Rice is a minority owner and you can go all through.


What is that? It's nothing other than I could say I own it. I can go to the dinner party tickets Yeah. Season tickets and I get season tickets and I got a spot they, I go to A couple meetings. Yeah. Doubt. I go to a couple board meetings and doubt that's it. Doubt that the, this was figured out in the NBA over the course of the last 20 years because these, these groups would buy franchises, but really like one guy was in charge and you would have these people putting in real money and they're like, fuck, I don't, I'm not in charge of anything. This sucks. What do I Get other than saying I'm an owner? And then someone being like, but aren't, but you're not that guy. And it iss like, yeah, no, no, no. But I am an owner and there's enough people with egos, you always talk about the rich guy tables and it's like, there's so few of these teams available that to say I'm even a 0.1% owner is, is some cache in a Washington DC Beltway dinner.


You know, like there's all these different minority owners of the commanders. Like that's, that's social equity. It's something like, right. But they still, I think the, the newer owners that buy teams like that and have minority groups, they're strategically picked to bring one value thing to the whole equation that they kind of need. Where whoever it is, whether it's somebody who's forward facing, somebody who's really smart, somebody who might know how, how to build a new arena. I, I think when I look at some of the NBA stuff, the, the family that operates the most like an NFL team, like the dysfunctional generation by generation NFL team, that just is the Lakers.


Interesting. That's the team where the dad had the team really from the seventies on, he passed it down to his kids. They'll never get rid of it. They don't have the kind of crazy money to, you know, like basically their money comes through the team, that's It from the Lakers, But that there's like 10 NFL teams that operate like the Lakers do. I I think the giants are like that, even though I know people speak highly of the MAs like that the Giants have been one of the most dysfunctional franchises for over a decade now. And they don't see like that's business have a plan And like they, they obviously the Ts bought in as well and that goes generations too. So now you have like multiple generations of TS and Mars. But I would say, you know, there's a big enough family there where those people do different things outside of football and have like, like the Arizona Cardinals it, Michael bid will's business is the Arizona Cardinals.


Like he was actually a lawyer by trade and his dad passed the team down and now his ownership is the Cardinals and the Spanos family. Like they all work there. There's a lot of them. And, and I really like John Spanos and I I I've grown to become very friendly with Dean Span i's like, but that's the family business now. So now it's, it's this billion dollar company, but it's being operated by families and their familys, It's a multi-billion dollar company. But then the other, some, some of the people that have come in the last decade, shad Kahn, Teer Teer has who Haslam the and then the Washington, new Washington Josh Harris. Yeah. Yep. Which is like the new kind of modern owner where they're buying these franchises, but it's just part of a bigger portfolio for them, right?


It's, it's not like Harris owns You not living or dying of the success of the team. Who is the NFL owner that was like sitting on the bench like Cuban was with the maps for ever. Right. Arthur Blank, he owns Arthur Blank was the guy, to Be honest, one of the biggest companies in the world. And then he just shows up and he'll come down the sidelines. But it's just, it's funny how the stakes somehow seem lower for the football owners because just owning a team in this league that is like one of the best businesses in the world, you're gonna make A profit, you've already Won, You're gonna make a profit. I mean the Jets raised season ticket prices this year, I mean am amidst all this. They ra the, the PSL owners were given an email like, Hey, the tickets are being jacked up next year despite season. I look, knowing that process, they're gonna interview everybody for a GM job.


And I would go in there and I, my advice to those GMs would be you have to find a way to finesse the egos in the room of, of like, you know, obviously like what he's gonna want to hear, like what your thoughts are. But you're gonna also have to tell them straight up like, I can also manage all of this because there is a next generation coming. Like his kids aren't going anywhere. One of them's a freshman in college, the other one's in high school, like, they're only gonna get older and, and more power and more emboldened. And it's like if that's a problem as a gm, like you need to have the backbone to be able to say like, I, I can't have that around or I don't want that around. And the same for the coaches. Like that's the truth of it. So yeah, the owners aren't going anywhere. IIII find it so naive for all these fans being like, just sell the team, sell the team.


Like They're 100%, they're not, not selling the team, they're even Snyder, not who they were. They're basically trying to set his franchise on fire and anyone sold the team. What are some good examples of how it should work that aren't just like the Steelers passing a franchise down? Like to me it seems like the cronies with the Rams just realizing like, Hey, we have a good front office and a great coach. Let's just trust these guys. Yeah. That seems how it should work on paper. Yeah. So Stan Kronke obviously owns it. His son Josh, who plays a bigger role with the Nuggets, right. And with everybody Likes him. Yeah, Josh is great and he is in his forties and he's not look at me, not, you know, hey I'm in the, he's just, he's he's there and he operates and he is very involved.


He's, he's the positive upside of a legacy kid. I would say. You'd point to him as like that's a success story of Yeah. And I would say legacy kid. Yeah. I would also say, I would also say Chargers, John Spanos who works in the front office, like he's also like people see him out there and he like isn't about look at me and very involved, but the cronies though, their front office is interesting. So you've got those guys and the president is a guy named Kevin Moff whose father Marvin was a NFL agent for many years and Kevin's been there since St. Louis. And then under him it's your GM Les Snead and this other guy Tony Past who kind of manages the Kies as well. And it's like they're all swimming on the same thing up upstream. Yeah. And it iss dem off also is the president of the Avalanche and the Nuggets and the rapids.


And it's like, there's a lot of different entities and it's all under this cranky sports banner, but Stan and Josh are never gonna come in and tell Sean McVay, I don't like the play call. I can't say that's true for every owner around the league. Right? Yeah. It's Funny. And that's, and that's something you can't control. It's, it's, I own the team, I wanna have my voice heard, you know? Yeah. 'cause it seems like all of these guys have the son who, or in Jerry Jones's case, the daughter that everybody likes Charlotte, who everybody thinks is good, but everyone has the son for the most part. And then if you ask other people And it, I'm talking to N-B-A-N-F-L whatever, like, so what's the son like? And it could go one of three ways. They could be like, oh he's good, he's really good.


Like, it's almost like surprising. Or they'll be like, eh, you know, he's pretty sharp I guess. Or he is Tommy Callahan. He's Tommy boy, You know? Well then there's the third one where it's like, what's the sun like? And they go, You know, And then you're like, oh, let's be a disaster. Yeah. This guy must be the absolute fucking worst. Which is why I wanna give a pass to Woody's kids who got killed in this athletic article. Phil. Yeah. They're your, they're your son's. They age, they're Under 20. They're my son's age. They're your son's age. Whatcha doing, you're telling the kid, like I remember before the Super Bowl in Arizona and I don't know if I should share that, but I will. We're walking around the field and it was a Fox Superbowl, so I have all access and I'm walking around with, with Michael Vick, Charles Woodson and Sean Peyton and Goodell comes over and Jay-Z's there and there's this conversation and I like Eek to the back.


'cause I know my place in these things. No one wants to see my dumb ass. Yeah. So I'm like, and then like, you know, I see Woody's kids on the field and they're like taking photos with Jay-Z and I'm like, I would do the same thing if I was a 17-year-old kid at the Super Bowl and my dad owned the Jets. And like, do you spite him for that? No. It's, it's the job of everyone else to say, okay, we need to Put up some walls here and see like what we're gonna do. But Well, where it gets dangerous is like the Jaguars where Shad Khan who owns a bunch of stuff and is just got an incredible amount of money and they've spent money in the arena, football team's a mess. The son's kind of running the team, but he is also running a w full-time and A soccer team and like, And the soccer team. And if you're, if you're Belichick, and even if that was a job that was, you thought, oh, if I wait a month, maybe, maybe they'll just gimme the car keys.


It's like, what is that job? I have a weird ownership situation. I'm in Jacksonville, Florida and I have no idea if my quarterback, whoever would be good and those will be my mid seventies. Like I, the more I think about it, like I, I actually really like that North Carolina job for him because college jobs these days, unless you're in a perfect NFL situation, like I think Harbaugh Chargers, that's like a perfect situation. Totally. Right. Or the Broncos being like they Needed him and he wanted them Broncos And he Broncos same thing, we need you shopping. And he wanted them and here are the car keys. And I just don't think that situation is there for anybody. Like if you're, if you're Vrabel now, and I think Vrabel iss the best candidate of all these guys.


If you're vrabel, what's the situation? We're like, oh, oh, well that's a no brainer. I gotta do that. It's, is it even Cincinnati? I look, I I'm going back to Belichick. There could be two truths. I know Lombardi comes on your podcast and we love Mike and I've exchanged texts with him. There could be two truths that A, this was an amazing situation for Belichick to fall back on. And b, He had no NFL home, there Was no nfl. And but also to their self-awareness, there was no job that they wanted. So it's, it's, it was a both ways now. But that's my question. Like what's the job this year? But if you're vrabel, Can you Open, can you be out for two years? I don't know. Like Peyton took one.


I'm Not talking to him. I'm talking for Vrabel. Yeah. I'm saying for Vrabel, can you wait two years? Like, and to say, well I'm gonna be, you know, pick be, I'm gonna wait for a better opportunity. Like I, that's the problem. You think that You all, well you're, you're basically waiting for the Pat's job. You're, You, if you're waiting extra year, you're like, this Pat's thing's gonna go badly. I'm just gonna wait until it falls apart. And, and you're walking into a situation where they didn't give you the decency of an interview last time around when you were a free agent. Well that's the guy five years ago. And they, and they didn't even go through the process. If you're vrabel, well what the, what, you know, and the story I got today that I think went out that Greg Bedard, who I think is very plugged in so that you can get a Vrabel McDaniels and like the whole band can go back to New England when everyone thought that was the crew go, not vrabel, but everyone thought McDaniel's little Patricia.


Oh Belichick hasn't hired any of those guys yet. Like I think they gotta work out contracts with those guys. So you might be able to get the band back together up in New England. I I, I mean would you wanna go back there if you're vrabel after they didn't even give you the look the first time? I don't think, I don't think it was a slap in the face that they didn't give 'em a look. I think the Mayo thing had been done for a couple years. So that was one of my questions for you actually to do Low Coach watch. Yeah. Because we have Jet Saints Bears Open watching the last three weeks of the season. Peterson, I'm guessing that's a wrap in Jacksonville, right? Yes. I would think, Yes. So there's four spots.


Day ball seems like he's coming back. Yes. And I, I my guess is they'll give him one more year and then the, they'll hire new people for the front office and that's how that plays out. But maybe they won't hang Fact that, oh, you think the GI think the GM is safe in New York. I think Joe Shane is safe. I think the GM is Safe. So ball's not safe. I don't, I don't know if he's a hundred percent safe. I, I would think if it's up to the mayors, they would love to just get the season over with and keep both of them. But There have been, okay, let's let's pencil that in. There have been planes above, you know, MetLife, the last two home games saying please end this Misery Fire mall. Yeah. Like that's the one thing, like the MAs can't stand like when the fans are, you know, not in the building or it's an embarrassment. So it could, Joe Judge was say 14 weeks through the season two years ago and then he ran a quarterback sneak with Jake from and lost it in his press conference And it was like, we have to fire you.


That's, so that's where D's at right now. I think. Like you just can't melt down. That's a big talking point right now with the Pats fans. 'cause if there's, if you really are a completely all out on Mayo and I was a hundred percent out and then a couple of the players stuck up for him this week. So now I'm like, he's all, all right, I'll give it one more week. But Drake may stuck up for him. Dietrich West stuck up for him, but he's been just awful. And he talks, there's this like, there's this meme of like Circle J Mayo. Yeah. He says something, you know, Gerod Mayo makes terrible decision, says something at press conference and then backs it and then, you know, back walks it back. But sort of also puts a foot in his mouth like it's been to About, I think he said four times this, this year in the preseason where he said something that everybody's like, wait, what just happened?


And then the next day he had to do the, to clarify something I said yesterday. Yeah. And I don't know how many more of those he gets. The Arizona game was alarming, but you know, they got Buffalo this week. They got Buffalo in the last week, which might actually mean something for Buffalo. So I, to me, Mayo's on the coach watch list, even though I don I don't think craft will fire him after. I don't think they wanna either. I think that's a, they would love to not admit a mistake, You know what I mean? And like they would love to ride this thing out one more, one more season. But The thing is that's fine that they don't wanna admit a mistake and maybe he deserves a second year. The difference is vrabel, I, I just think Vrabel iss a great coach. I like if that's gonna cost you vrabel, you're in the same situation like the Jets were in where they could add Vrabel a year ago probably, and they brought back solo and it clearly wasn't gonna work.


Pierce on Vegas Interesting pro, I mean look, I've been told Depending on how the next three games go Yeah. Like I can't say I'm, I I'm positive he's coming back. Same. But I also can't say I'm positive he's gone. I also think it was reported by Ian Rappaport this week and I know it's, it's it's accurate on the quarterback spot that Brady's like not just gonna be a silent owner and you know, posing for photos, like Brady's gonna have a voice in this And it is gonna play a role. And so I know there's no like great connection but they are former players and obviously Brady and peers have a relationship from their playing days. But like I think Brady plays a role in this as well and they're gonna value his opinion. All right, Here are the three I gotta get your take on and I'm watching this for the next three weeks.


There's always a surprise. I can't believe they let go of that guy Coach. Yeah, yeah. The nominees Mike McDaniel in Miami. Yep. Yep. They just gave him a huge contract extension. But Steven Ross money's not an issue. So, okay, go on. Shane Steichen in Indianapolis. Okay. Kyle Shanahan in San Francisco. Those would be my three. I'd be shocked if they, if they were let go one day after the season, but I also wouldn't be shocked. Yeah. And then I, I guess maybe you could put Zach Taylor in there, but I Exactly. But I think there's a chance that pe Pelos could make the playoffs if Denver and Also not to talk about finances in that kind of way, but like the, the are not ones Yeah, they're not, they're not looking to pay two coaches at once.


Right. When you, when you decide to have a team of like half rookies and undrafted for agents, maybe you don't wanna pay two coaches. So McDaniel Steichen Shanahan rank in order of what would surprise you the most? Shanahan would surprise me the most. Okay. I know it's, it's been an in, it's a very, very dark year there in San Francisco. Like knowing Jed very well, knowing John Lynch very well. Their, their, and knowing Kyle very well, they're trying to be upbeat, but like this season started with the lockouts, which was sour as it was. And then the first round pick got shot. Yeah. And it was like, okay, that's a major adverse situation, let's try to work through it. And then they proceeded to lose their running back right before the season.


That was their offensive player of the year in the league. And then like, I don't wanna be, you know, like you've had players have real tragedies in their life. Like Trent Williams lost a kid this, this, this season like real dark stuff on top of all these injuries and it's like, just get to the finish line. And I don't think Kyle Shanahan's gonna pay the price for this year. It's one of those truly brutal, the official Off season. It's the official year from hell team that like, as bad as things have been in New York with the Jets like the, the Niners, like that's real life stuff And it has been so bad and they're just trying to stay above it. When they beat the Bears in that game, like there was like a feeling of like great relief and like just that we gotta win.


And I, and I last week was atrocious on Thursday night at home in front of their crowd losing 12 six to the Rams. Like it's just get to the end. I don't think Kyle Shanahan, unless he has some major blowup with Jed, which I don't think is happening. Steichen and Erse, I don't know enough. I know Erse had it had his was just absolutely sick to his stomach over Carson went losing to the Jaguars in a week 17 game a couple years ago and it's like he's out like get rid of him. Like, but I don't know if that's the relationship with the coach here that he would make a rash decision, but disappointing season there. And then Mike McDaniel, they gave him a monster, monster extension before the season, but Steven Ross is one of the wealthiest owners in the league and this thing has gone way off the rails and nothing would surprise me.


'cause that's the same co same owner who fired Brian Flores when no one thought that was a possibility a couple years ago. Yeah. And that goes back to what we were talking about earlier with these, these owners are just so different than the N NBA A owners. Stephen Ross was like, ah, fuck yeah. How many, how many coaches am I, ah, fuck it, I don't care. And just what does he care? Yeah, it's, he's got a cajillion dollars. Some of these guys are Old. Old and that's a really, really attractive job as, as as attractive a job as there is is living in Miami and, and being the coach of the Dolphins because you have an owner with endless money and you have a, a really nice place to live with no taxes like these hot coaches. Like that's a really attractive place to go. Yeah. I mean that's for the Pats fans who have been horrified by how sloppy the Pats have been and the terrible strategy and just how awful they look.


The thing that a lot of us have have focused on is that craft's just in his eighties. Yeah. And you don't have a, a ton of these seasons left. Right. And you can't be like, yeah, let's see one more year. They're in such a unique situation with Drake may like on a rookie contract where it's like the the single best asset you could have in sports and they have a lot of work to do and you do you wanna set that back a year? I don't know if you do. Yeah, I, and it's, Jonathan plays a big role there. Like Jonathan Kraft plays a major role there. Another kid, another son of an owner. And, and I think, I think they really, really we're the way that whole thing went down with, with Belichick at the end, I think they really wanted this year to work out in some way.


Like, and, And it has, it did not. It's absolutely gone terrible. Off top of your head, how many teams have benched a quarterback this year? Benched or injury? Benched. Benched. Four 10. Okay. It's a lot. Cousins, Levi, Daniel Jones, Bette Fields, Jamis Richardson, Flacco back and forth. Bryce Young Michu and I'm counting that er guy Tanner Rattler. Somebody got benched in that. I don know. Yeah. There's Benchings all over the place. That's one third of the league benched their quarterback this year. Not good. How are we getting worse? Not good.


Not good. And yet you could say that at the top of the league with Burrow and Lamar and Alan, you've got some of the best quarterback play we've ever seen. It's such a gap between the great and the bad and it's, it's, you either have one or you don't and that's just where we're at. Am I crazy to think Zach Wilson should have gotten one more chance with somebody to at least start a game? Eh, he had that whole year last year and stunk. Isn't he Like 24? I don dunno, He's the third string in Denver. How is wince not quarterbacking a team either? That's another one. I mean even the chief kc, there's been a lot of dialogue with the chiefs who are there. Like How does he, not asking Mahomes like how is this guy a backup? He's so good. Yeah. Yeah. It's like, well you gotta look at that Indianapolis game.


All right, next topic. The K Campbell release. We rarely see. So Miami is officially out of it. You rarely see this happens in basketball right before like the March 1st deadline, you rarely see a guy get released by a team who could actually hop onto a playoff team. Yeah. And have a dramatic impact. But I feel like he could, He could. The last one was, have you Heard anything on this? The last one was like, I think the chiefs like signed Terrell Suggs at the end of the season and he won Super Bowl with them back in 2019 And it was like sizzle's on our team. Let's go. Kal is like the ultimate ambassador of the league. Walter Payton Man of the year. And I think he was done right here. And I think he will sign with the Ravens likely, which is a team that I think he was, oh, You think it's the Ravens?


I think it's one of these teams. Like he played with the Ravens and it was a beloved Baltimore Raven. And if there's a place for Him, what if it's the bills? Like what? It's the bills Could be the bills. He'll go to a contender and he'll play a role and he'll make a big play in a big game. You know that What If it's like the Packers? I, I I'm just, I'm on pins and needles wondering where he goes. It's like Cle Campbell watch The hardest asset to just stumble into in week 17 would be a guy. So new defensive line could Push it. Something defensive tackle. Yeah. And he is a great teammate. I have no insight. I got, I mean, Rosen House is his agent. I could probably get some info in a quick moment, but I, as of now, I would think Baltimore to me, always with Kle Campbell, that's where, that's where he was such a badass for them. But he, He actually wants to win a ring, go to the Chiefs, Go to the Chiefs, Just go to the Chiefs, just be next to Chris Jones, just bang some bodies and run.


Okay. You watched Aaron Rodgers? Yeah. Let's entire, entire Netflix doc. Let's, no, just the first two episodes. Did you watch any of it or no? I refuse to watch it. Why? Okay. I know, I know your team. Jimmy Kimmel and Cousin Sal, but you won't even watch it. It it has nothing to do with nothing. I would actually watch it despite Jimmy, it's my friend. No, I just don't wanna spend, I don't wanna spend, you know, valuable TV time with, but you're A filmmaker. I watched the, the Rogers hot rock doc friend, I texted you. This is a good doc. I'm not trying to, I'm not trying to Out that made it, those guys are really good at what they do. Fucking I'm sure it well done. I just don't wanna hang out with Rogers for two hours. I I would tell you this and I know we've had a lot of discourse on the, the player producing editorial control.


And this ain't, look, this isn't Ken Burns baseball. This isn't an objective, look at this thing, it's Rogers' story. But the second episode, he goes on this ayahuasca trip with Jordan Poer and Adrian Colbert and Peyer's mom. And it's like, it goes to places that I don't know exist. And it's interesting, the first episode, it really is good football shit, man. Like really? It's, it's, yes, it is a football doc too. Like I am telling you, you go and you forget how close he was when he was with the Packers and all those games and Packers fans will say like, no, no, we know. But like, you know, the Giants, they beat him when he was a 15 in one quarterback. 19 straight wins. He loose the Giants in the playoffs, the Falcons in the A NFC championship game, all those 49 ERs, losses the Buccaneers a couple years ago.


But what was really interesting is that you get into Roger's like, and he's always searching, he's like seeking for something that I almost feel just a lot of empathy and sympathy. Like he's a single guy in his forties right now and he is like, I'm searching, I'm searching, I'm searching. And there's this whole, but he says he wins the Super Bowl in 2011 and his whole life's goal was proving everyone wrong and proving all those division one schools wrong. And he mentions Purdue said like, you're just not athletic enough for Purdue and pr. And then he couldn't win a playoff game. And they show a clip of Mooch on NFL network being like, until Rogers wins a playoff game, he is not one of the elite guys wins the playoff game, wins Super Bowl. And he says he wakes up the morning after the Super Bowl And it didn't fill his cup.


And he's like, what now? And that was 2011 and he's still searching and I feel like I, that's a side of Rogers I haven't seen. And there's no, you know, there's no love lost amongst him and the family and there's all this sort of stuff that you're like, dude, like it's hard for me to, to really rationalize why you feel this hole in your life. But like, I don't know, he's pretty vulnerable in it and I think the football shit is pretty good. Jesus. Mike, you almost made me wanna watch the first Part En nma, it's only three episodes too. It's not this seven episode, you know, thing like there's been a lot of bad sports docs, you know this. And a lot of them are like this. This could have been a nice 60 minute, 60, 60 minute piece that ran on the NBA TV network.


Like I don't need to watch this, but I'm telling you this one was well done and you come away and you're like pretty good football and whether you like Rogers or not, you're like, that's an interesting deep dive on a dude who gave you all access. Well, so you're saying I should watch this over La Palma, the Norwegian disaster flick where everything's dubbed that or series, that's the number one TV series on Netflix right now. Is This the number one? I don't know. I gotta see it. I like When you start watching those and then five minutes in you realize their mouths aren't moving with the words. You're like, oh it's we're I, oh now I get it. These people Are all norian. I watched based on like what like the, the guys from the watch a couple years ago was like 1973 about like German Dutch land and I'm like, I'm gonna watch this show.


And I'm like, I can't do it. I tried like Andy Greenwald loved it. What's the show? Do You know what I'm talking about? It was like 72 in Germany And it was like this show that ran on Yeah, German television. They're like the number one show. I'm like, all right, I trust these guys. I like Chris Bryan. I like Green. And then I gave it like a minute. I'm like, I can't, I tried. Those guys love it. They love getting super weird with those. Ben and I were watching, we were both working at the kitchen table last night watching Halloween six with Paul Rudd. Yeah, that's a classic movie. Just Go, he's just going for it. The whole movie went for it. Just really, really, really into Michael Byers. It's just an incredible performance. The best Part about that, Paul was on like, he was like doing like cider house rules and like went from Clueless to doing just Broadway and all these things.


And he like did that movie and he did a movie that was like filmed in Japan over the course of two weeks where he had to bleach his hair blonde. And he is like, those were my, those were my movies of like, all right, I'm gonna go for it a little bit here. All right, we have to go 'cause my computer's about to run outta batteries. It was fun. Thank you Schrager. Great to see you as always. You're the man dude. Thanks. Alright, that's it for the podcast. Thanks to Peter Schrager. Thanks to Joe House, big Woz. Thanks to Kyle Creon and Steve Saru for producing. As always. I'm gonna be back on Sunday live with Cousin Sal. You'll be able to watch it on YouTube as we're doing it. It'll be on Spotify video afterwards as well. Enjoy the weekend. Enjoy the greatest, greatest sports day in a while on Saturday too.


It should be super fun. Can't wait to talk about it Sunday. Have a good weekend On. Must be 21 plus in President Select states for Kansas and affiliation with Kansas Star Casino or 18 plus in President dc. Gambling problem, call 100 GAMBLER or visit rg help.com. Call 1 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org/chat in Connecticut.


Or visit md gambling help.org in Maryland. Hope is here. Visit gambling helpline ma.org or call 803 2 7 50 50 for twenty four seven. Support Massachusetts. Or call 1 8 7 7 8 Hope ny. Or text Hope Y in New York.