
Coming up football. Live from New York with our old friend regs. Next, it's The Bill Simmons Podcast.


Presented by FanDuel Football is in full action. FanDuel's highest rated sports book is the best place to bet it all. We've been doing pretty well, A million dollar picks this year. I love the first month of the season because you have to go into the season thinking. I think Pittsburgh's gonna be good. I think the Chargers are gonna be good. I think Seattle's gonna be good. And then trying to back what you think in those first few weeks. And then zag the other way. if you were wrong, you could bid on new and fun markets on FanDuel, like to catch a pass. Same game Parlays highest scoring game across the Sunday Sleep offensive tds. The next drive. They have so much stuff, it's crazy. The app is safe and secure and easy to use. And when you win, you'll get paid instantly. Plus, look out for FanDuel Squares this season. Here's what you have to do. Visit FanDuel dot com slash bs to download America's number one Sportsbook The Ringer is committed to responsible gaming. Please visit rg help.com to learn more about the resources and helplines available. And listen to the end of the episode for additional details. You must be 21 plus and President in select states gambling problem called win hundred gambler or visit rg help.com.


This episode is brought to you by State Farm. State Farm helps you score an affordable price when you choose to bundle home and auto insurance with the personal price plan, bundling home and auto. That's a pro move. Just another way you can save on your insurance needs. Talk to a State Farm agent today to learn how you can bundle and save with the personal price plan like a good neighbor. State Farm is there. Prices are based on rating plans that vary by state coverage. Options are selected by the customer availability. Amount of discounts and savings and eligibility vary by state.


We're also brought to you by The Ringer. Podcast Network. Hope you heard the new re watchable we put up on Monday. Van Lathan and I did Poltergeist. you can watch that on The. Ringer movies, YouTube channel as well. I've been in New York all week. Sorry, we didn't have a podcast on Tuesday. But the good news about being in New York is I am live in the studio. Peter Schrager's here with me. And then we're gonna bring in strong fantasy to talk about another Jets. Coach fired the history of Jets coaches and then positive the Mets in the playoffs. I mean a rollercoaster ride for everyone in New York. And then Rague stayed. We talked about burning questions in the NFL, and then he did million dollar Picks with me. And it is an Action Pack podcast.


And I had a great time. It's all next. First. Our friends from Proja. All right, I'm taping this. It's four o'clock Eastern Time, New York City. I am in the World Trade Center Spotify studio with Peter Schrager. This Is incredible. Good to see you. And if this wasn't fancy enough, Sean Fantasy is on Zoom. He's got a Mets hat and he is got a Starbucks and a big ass smile on his face.


What a week for Sean f Let's Go. Why? We'll go sad first and then we'll give him Mets time at the end. Yeah. And then Sean's gonna leave and regs and I are gonna talk a lot of football. The Jets they have gone through yet another coach. So what year were you born? 1982. 1982. All right. That was the last year of Walt Michaels. Walt Michaels, Joe Walt and Bruce Coslet. We go all the, we're gonna go through all the Jets coaches, but Robert Saltlake gets fired after five games, which was something that probably should have happened in January or February, would've been my guess. I know you were a little more of a a pros aside, but if you're gonna do this, do this.


When Mike Vrabel and Bill Belichick and Pete Carroll and all these other guys are available, Sean, I think you said this, you were the most pessimistic Jets fan I knew other than Larry David, who actually quit The Jets doesn't, doesn't root for them anymore. Why, why now? Why not eight months ago? What's your take? Well, let me just say as always, I, I follow in Larry David's footsteps. So wherever he goes, I go. I've been tracing his career for four decades and I'm proud to follow along with him. I I just was not sold on the infrastructure of the team. The, my bigger concern was more that they had not replenished their defensive line and that Nathaniel Hackett was calling offensive plays for the team. Yeah, both of those things have been problematic at times.


I think Robert Sala got scapegoated here in a big way, to be honest with you. I don't think he Was Wow. A scapegoat defense. I, I don't think he was the greatest coach in team history. But he won seven games in two consecutive seasons with Zach Wilson as his primary quarterback. And Zach Wilson stinks. So I don't, you know, are we sure Robert Sala was the problem with this team? Are we sure? Well, he was by, by the metrics, the most successful jets coach of the last 10 years. What was he? 20 and 20 and 46. 20 and 20 and 36. 20 and 36. What Res has a lot of info. Yeah, I've done some hel the bag. Is that what they said? Yeah. You don't have to give us like 12 minutes, but you can give us like a good three. Okay. So it's always been an interesting dynamic between Robert Sala and Ambassador Woody Johnson that was in the press release, ambassador Woody Johnson.


Forgot. It's always been an interesting dynamic because Christopher, who's the younger brother, by about 15 years, he's the one who hired Robert Sala. And he did. So when Ambassador Johnson was over in London serving under President Trump. So he comes back, But, but Sala was a hot hire, right? Oh yeah. No, look, Sala had, Sean was like semi excited. Well, SI saw he running Up and downline in San Francisco. He seems very, Very cool. Detroit native. And they went with Dan Campbell instead he interviewed with Philly and they ended up hiring Nick Siri said it was that year where it was like, okay, is it Mike McDaniel? And they ended up hiring Robert Salton Jets fans. Were fine with it. Woody comes back and it's this pressure of like, okay, we've gotta perform now.


Rogers, they all go out to Malibu last year, the whole crew, they all pitch Rogers. They get Rogers in the house and then Rogers goes down. So it's like almost like a mulligan this year. There was so much optimism after the Thursday night win against him. I was in the building, I'm on the sidelines for the game. Rogers is in a great mood. S's in a great mood. And no less than two weeks later, one of them's out of a job completely. And I'll tell you, there was so much frustration after the Denver loss and then to lose the way they did in London. And Rogers is like taking blame. And I understand that he threw three interceptions, but to fall in that hole early and to not be able to bring it in that first half and to again fall behind early, that was a great frustration of ownership.


So here's the timeline. Monday they all get in there and like there's a tension after this flight that like something's gonna go down. Like they all know something's gonna Go down. Oh, so it's like a grim, what is that six hour flight? Yeah, it's about an eight hour Flight, but like an hour and a half to get to the airport. And you gotta get your backend's not easy. Yeah, yeah, yeah. And then so everybody's pissed. Monday Morning you walk in and from what I gather, it was like you could hear a pin drop like what's gonna go down? What's gonna go down? They ended up like, all right, Let's, so people think it's gonna be Hackett. Yes. Something major Hackett will be the scapegoat. Something major's Happening. Paul's career is over. Everyone's looking over their shoulder. We'll sit in 22 targets for 80 yards. Everyone's looking over their shoulders and they start game planning and it's like, okay, is nothing gonna happen?


So then Sala decides, and I don't know if this is breaking news and we could put it on your, but like there was a conversation with Hackett that moving forward, Todd Downing is gonna be calling the police. So he tells Hackett that on Monday, Hackett was made aware that this was gonna go down. Oh. And that this is the conversation. And Hackett, PAC Dickens and Hackett says to him, dude, all good. Like all good. I'm hurt. I'm hard. Like it sucks that this went down this way, but like whatever it takes for the team to get outta this rut. Like we're in this together. He's not losing his job. Yeah. He's like, I'm all right. Like let's do this. There were conversations Wednesday, they leave the building Wednesday night or Monday, I am sorry, Monday night. Now Roger said on McAfee he spoke to to Johnson, but it was more about like his ankle and all that stuff.


I'm sure they talked about the team, but I will tell you, there was no code red and as juicy as that, is that like Roger's like on the phone with the owner? So He talked to the owner on Monday night? Yes. After it was decided that his guy, Nathaniel Hackett would no longer be calling the place. Yes. Or at least for this week, we're Not gonna Okay. Nothing to see there. Thank You for expressing some concern about that fact Bill. I appreciate it. Yeah. We're dubious in Jets Nation. Peter, I will say. Yeah. Yes. Okay. So okay. Tuesday morning Sala comes in, he's told, you know, just come and sit down. And Joe Douglas isn't the one calling him in. It's both Johnson brothers and maybe a couple other people on the highest of levels. And it literally took 10 minutes, maybe even less.


And it was, thanks for your service here. We need to spark, we don't like the way the team's playing. You're done. And there'll be no contract extension, which was the hope that if they'd won, he would get a contract extension going into this year. And you are no longer the head coach. And Jeff Ulbrich, who ironically also is a defensive coach, is gonna take over. And the reason that was given to Sala and the reason that's been said publicly, they just needed a spark. And that Ulrich is one of these rally round, the guys galvanized the whole thing. So Ulrich talks to Hackett on Tuesday. He is like, look, this all just fell in my lap. Like I didn't expect this to happen either. No one was manipulating this behind the scenes. I think we're gonna go with Todd as was the plan to call plays Hackett again.


And it sounds like he's some noble guy. And I know the memes are hilarious of him as like the office space dude or whatever it is. Yeah. Like what does he do as the offensive coordinator who's not calling plays, but Hackett just like, whatever you guys need, I'm here. I I just, I let's, let's, He's not like an offensive designer. Like he designs the plays. He just doesn't call them. He's like, Hey, I've designed a a run sweep Suggestions. Welcome. Right. So, Hey, I was thinking about, I was thinking about wide receiver passes. I laid out a couple options. That's It. So Hackett, who's been the ire of Jets fans for multiple years, takes a backseat. Todd Downing is inserted now Downing was an OC in, in Tennessee.


He made a major mistake, lost his job in Tennessee. And What was his major mistake? He, he had a DUI. Oh, after, oh, that kind of major mistake flight. They, they came back. I thought you were gonna say he like ran Derrick Henry Times or something. No, but he paid, you know, he paid for that. And he has been very open and apologetic about that situation. And he's now the offensive coordinator and can Amazing, Can we go backwards or do you have more on this? I just Really quickly like, and I would love Sean's thoughts. Like it went from after the Denver game, everyone wanted F hack it fired. They actually, I mean not hack it. Yeah, hack it. And Sala Sala actually gets fired and fans are like, what a circus. The Mets suck. The jets suck. We're such a circus. And then now like 4 48 hours later, I talk to Jets fans.


They're like, all right, we made the changes. I like this old brick. He's kind of cool. Okay, new play caller. All right. And Rogers ankles actually better than we thought. All right. And if we win on Monday, we're three and three. Like they're optimistic again. Like it's totally Half full Tilted. Yeah, I think it's half full. And it's like there were, there were necessarily necessarily changes made. Whether or not we love so, or we don't. But like the Rogers piece, I'm told he was as shocked as anyone I know that's gonna be wr with rolled eyes and maybe I'm carrying water. if you think, from what I know from my reporting, everyone was knocked on their ass by this. And a lot of the players were actually very upset that that Salo was let go. You want the floor shot? Well, I'll just say I think honestly this just seemed like it happened one week earlier than expected.


Most people who follow the team closely felt like if they lost against Buffalo with this opportunity to move into first place on a Monday despite these two sad Yeah. Experiences in another national game for the team. If Sala is on the sideline once again crossing his arms, staring into the black abyss of nothingness and got fired, no one would be surprised. It just felt one week early. He's not been successful as a head coach. He seems like a wonderful guy. And you hear that all around. You said same is true for your boy Na Hackett. Yeah. He seems like a nice guy. Yeah. I got nothing against him personally, your boy, but both he and his father have been terrible play callers for the New York Jets in my lifetime. And it's been very painful to deal with that. I'm glad Hackett is not calling plays. I feel bad for Sala, but he had a long stretch of time here to turn it around and he was not able to do it.


I think what you said is right, Peter, which is that honestly, if they win and Ulrich fires them up and we've seen the new coach bump, Antonio Pierce is coaching on a new contract. Sure. Because of the new coach Bump, then that would be fantastic. They have a good enough roster to be a playoff team. Everybody knows it. And, and that's gonna crush sla. Like I know the guy, like he, he, he is fully convinced that this team is a playoff team and could still do it. And who cares about sla? I understand. Like we move on in this world. But like it's, I think they're gonna win Monday night against the bills. They're gonna be three and three. They play the fourth easiest schedule from here on out. 10 of their games are on the eastern seaboard moving forward. And their first four games, the schedule was insane. It was, they started off Monday night, then had a short week playing in Tennessee.


They three and 11, 11 days, right? Yeah. Three and 11 days. And then that Denver game was and London a horrible weather game. And then London and then they went to London And you know the offense Rogers. But The big question for me is like Brie Hall and Wilson were considered two of the biggest fantasy assets heading into the season. Especially Brie Hall who's just a complete zero Like that alone, it's like somebody's gotta a pa. The backup was playing more than Brie Hall was. Yeah. I say this as somebody who has Brie Hall, I think on two hear think two of my three teams. Yeah. It's painful. It hurt my feelings. Yeah, well It's more, and a lot of people thought that Braille and Allen should have gotten more touches two weeks ago and then he got more touches last week. And I wouldn't say it was significantly better than Brie. The issue is an offensive line issue.


They haven't, I don't know what it is, but the scheming in the run game is weak right now. Predictable. I thought Dan Orlowski did a really nice job identifying some of the issues on fourth down on Twitter this week. The play calling's been bad. It's been really bad. Will a new play caller just make brief look better? I don't know Maybe you will you, You get Morgan Moses back who was really good those first few weeks and they were worried at the Patriots game. They lost him and then he and Vera Tucker are two the best at what they do. And the thought is maybe we can get the run game kickstarted again behind them. But all the Jets fans are accurate in that. This has been a great disappointing, the great disappointment through five games. I had them as the number one seed in the a f ffc. You're Rogers is. And Rogers is my MVP based on being there this summer and doing a preseason game.


And This goes back to our discussion before week one when we were like, is being there good or bad? Sometimes a Hundred percent. A hundred percent. I can't watch the scheme in rain and against Denver when it's August on a beautiful day. Like I, I don't Know. I'm trying to stop Bo Nicks. So Sal went 20 and 36. He was 22 and 34 against the spread, which I thought was incredible. Sean, I'm a results guy. I look are Bill at Adam. Adam drivers last six movies. How dare You Last Dual Brooklyn Guy, Sean, House of Gucci White Noise. Yep. 65 Ferrari Megalopolis. Say that again.


Megalopolis. God I like that. Just I love the word. The the the trailer was great. Is Sean, is he the Robert Sala of Baylist Actors? What? What would you say Does Sala have a girls? I like four of those six movies to be perfectly honest with you. Which I think they're bold choices in his career. And I admire Adam Driver. Adam Driver is an artist. Robert Sala is a coach. He's a, he's a, he is a manager. And we were, we need results as managers. I'm a manager Bill, you know that. Yeah. But, but Adam Driver, you know, he does something a little bit different. And you like M Ferri not to compare him like Ferrari. Yeah. Ferrari's good. Is it really? Is it on, on the planes? Really? Yeah. I was thinking that's a perfect plane movie. Like I'm, it's a perfect Plane movie. if you wanna sleep on a cross country flight, Peter, it's so slow. Please Support the cinemas, you know, go to the theater.


I'm begging You a hundred percent. I will, I will. I wanna see the, the Pharrell Williams Lego movie in the theater with my kid. I will see that piece. Peace. It looks good. That's the sweet. Yes. I'll see that. Peter, do you believe in the new coach theory? I do. I think in the NFL there is a definite bump. The question is can you sustain it over, you know, this length of time. What's interesting is no coach has been fired this early in the season since Matt Rule was, and Steve Wilkes in 2022 filled in and they went 500 the rest of the way. But like I think if you, if you hire a coach with like four weeks left in the season, they can often go three in one and finish the season. They Still have So much football left to play. And you had all summer of Robert Sala installing things. Ken Ulbrich just come in and fire up the guys like I've known Jet for a while.


Like he is a fiery coach. He's everything you thought Sala was gonna be when he was running up and down the sidelines at San Francisco. That's this guy in the building. Does that translate as the head coach over the course of three months? We'll have To see. See I had the data and I think I accidentally deleted it from my iPad. So that's just an old guy moment for me. But Jeff Saturday, that was the most famous one. New coach. I mean that was like his only good one. But last year we had Brandon Staley got fired. New guy came in for the Chargers and they I think were plus 12. Okay. Against maybe it was the bills and they ended up losing by 10. Yeah, They were down about 56. Nothing against the Raiders, Carolina.


They covered the first, the first week. Yep. So anyway, in my research it was the last four Have all covered, spread. Have all Covered or won. Antonio Pierce was another one. Yep, yep. The last one that didn't was in when Matt Rule got fired after week five. So. it was Wilkes. Yeah. The week six game. The Rams game game. Yeah. But then they got better with Wils. Yeah, they went 500 as the year went along. So there's some, first there's some new coach blood. I've always believed this, but I could see I, the Jets are getting two and a half against Buffalo. That spoiler alert is gonna be a million dollar pick for me. Okay. 'cause that just seems like a classic. We've responded, oh my god, Brie Hall had 20 carries for 138 yards.


No doubt. And it's just 'cause we fired the coasts. I'll go to this game And it's how sports works and I'll tell you, yeah, I'll go to this game and I'll tell you that like if they hadn't fired Sala or Demoted Hackett and Sean, you know this, the second there was a three and out it would be Boo Birds. I think the vibe has changed. It's like, all right, they made the changes. Now let's root for the team. And I think that's how Jets fans feel going into this weekend. But Sean, you were the most down on the team of anyone I knew. Well you even have a tweet that you happily reposted. You're a repost if you were right about something. I am. You were, you were super skeptical. You didn't understand I had the Jets win in the division. He had Rogers MVP and you were completely out. So what's changed?


Well, Aaron Rogers Is the, the Mets have changed. Maybe it's optimism. The Mets of spilling over. I I I'm not optimistic about the season. I mean I think they have the talent on the roster to be a playoff team. I think they've put themselves now in a very difficult position by being under 500 and losing in particular the Broncos game I think is gonna come back to haunt them in a big way. That's not a game you wanna lose. And it's not a game that they should have lost. So that feels terrible. You mean when they made history by losing a game or the other QB through for yards, less yards than any win than Eli Manning in 2007. That was incredible. If, If Zer Line makes that field goal then win. That's the thing. If Zer line makes that field goal, s probably has a job.


Here's The, the other thing about the firing solo that is interesting is the Jets defense has given up two touchdowns total in the last three games. Right? They're still doing what they always do. They bend sometimes, but they never broke under Sala. And that's why I say I think he was scapegoated here. Now obviously Ulrich is the person calling the plays for the defense. But man they put together a good unit. They developed a lot of good players. Quincy Williams is like a top 10 linebacker in the NFL now. He was a cast off at the beginning of their administration. He's a really good defensive coach. So we will see what happens. I'm skeptical because I think there were a couple thi choices that they had to make to bring in Hassan Reddick that just totally backfired on them. And I feel like they're, and you saw the Plea, saw Johnson made a plea on the conference call.


He is like, please Hassan, the owner come doors are open. Let's talk, let's just get here. Reddick's like, yeah, pay me more if Redx signs, it's a different thing to me. If Reddick signs, I think they're actually a different team. I think they're a much scarier team. A lot of Jets fans are looking back in hindsight and saying, we drafted a sixth offensive lineman in Ulu at, of Penn State when Brock Bowers was on the board. Where do you stand on that? Would you have wanted Bowers or the offensive line? 'cause everyone says, well the offensive line sucks. They got an offensive lineman, but he's kind of a swing tackle in his rookie year. Yeah. Yeah. I That was good. Well Ty Smith looks a little old right now, so I don't feel so bad about that. Pick if, if Ulu is gonna be the long-term left tackle, I feel okay with it. He's a rookie. What can you expect? He got thrown into this. I don't feel too bad about that. Brock Bauers does look nasty and I've got him on two fantasy teams.


Yeah, he's pretty good Jets defense first in yards per play. Second against the pass. Seventh and first downs, fifth scoring, sixth red zone. Like they've been really good. And That's, it's been great for Years. And that's kind of Sal's calling card was, the defense was always good and always overachieving, but nothing else seemed to work. But he's not the defensive coordinator, he's the head coach. Someone, someone needed to take the fall, unfortunately, he's the one who's, you know, blood his shed. But Here's the thing, if that, that stupid running into the kicker thing didn't get called when it was 17, nothing. Rogers toward the blue tent. It looks like Rogers was like, I think I'm out. I'll see you guys back in America. And then all of a sudden they had a first down. It's like I'm back in and he's, he's running back in.


I'll say this about Rogers. I'm happy to go on the record. There's no way they didn't tell him what was happening with the coach. There's a lot of, There's a lot of few good men. Like I'm so tired of parallels Here. Kyle, turn the camera on. That's directly Lieutenant Weinberg. Yeah. When the star of the team always knows what's going on. Period. End of story. I don't care if it's bad like Giannis, oh my god, I had no idea the Drew holiday trade was happening. I just don't believe it ever. Because you'd have to be a fucking idiot if you own a sports team and you're paying somebody 50, 55 million or in Roger's case you built this whole team around him and you're just not gonna tell him you fired somebody. That's insane. I Disagree. I nobody would do that. I disagree. I think they honestly had a conversation.


They slept on it overnight. And the owner's like, I'm not gonna put this on Rogers. That's his, you know, he and ro, he and Sala have a good relationship. All that stuff. There's so many interpersonal relationships. I think Woody Johnson is a 77-year-old owner who's like, I don't wanna watch this anymore. I need a spark. I'm making a move Counter. What's the upside? What else are you gonna say? You like, yeah, we talked to Aaron. He, we, he knew like you can't, you're just gonna fall on the sword every time for the star. That's what the NBA teams, this has been like. You think about people like LeBron, like you think for the last 15 years of his career, they weren't running every move by LeBron. It's like yeah we gotta trade Russell Westbrook.


Let's not tell LeBron like they're fucking telling him. I mean the irony of all of this, and Bill, I tend to lean more in your direction on this one, is that Aaron Rogers wasn't good on Sunday. I don't know if he was exactly the reason that they lost, but he had never thrown two picks in the first quarter of a game in his entire career. Yeah. One of the reasons why they fell behind so badly is 'cause they were turning the ball over that in that in the fourth quarter, if he hits that throw to Garrett Wilson along the sideline, they're walking off and winning that game. Or Mike Williams won the next time where he threw the pick. Yeah. And he does, he's not moving the same either. He hurt his ankles, he's taking hits significantly. Like he was banged up. And I think the Jets fans are surprised he's, you know, actually, you know, as good as he is right now.


But I hear you guys, I'm not dumb. Like I know how any company works and they all flew out to Malibu and sat in his house and begged him to come there and explain. Yeah. Like I get it. I'm not dumb. At some point you're, you reached the consultancy stage of stardom with a team and I think he's there would be my guess. But like I Mahomes is like, if the Chiefs did anything and they, and Mahomes like, yeah, I had no idea. Like, I'm sorry, I'm just never believing that. There's no way they're not running stuff. Yeah. We traded Travis Kelsey, you're Put, you're putting me in a tussle. 'cause I sound idiotic saying that he didn't, I think there is a reality where they talked about, you know, just the game, whatever. And then Woody says on his own, you know what, like Rogers doesn't seem thrilled.


We're not thrilled watching this. I need make a change. He at least asked him like whether he told him he was doing that. He like That's a tough spot to put on Rogers I think. Yeah. Like what he, how's the coaching? That's Think, see I, that's really, I don't think the owners, I don't think they would put that on him in that responsibility. I don't think they want you to put him In that you're putting anything past Woody Johnson as a maniac. But okay. You think he's rational In In, in, in sort of in Peter's defense for what he's saying. I think what is happening right now is obviously Johnson, when he was the ambassador of the uk, was away from the team for a few years and things really went downhill when he was away from the team. Yeah. And he's Been more, I suppose when he was, when he was really involved, it was going so great. It wasn't, it wasn't, but there was a time when he was the owner in the Rex period where things looked good and it seemed like that was gonna be a good ownership group.


And and they are now mired in the longest playoff drought in North America Sports. 13 years. They have not been to the playoffs. Yes. Yeah. So I, I think there's a case to be made. The Woody is like, I got legacy stuff on the line here. Like aside from my family business, this is something I will be remembered for. If I turn out to be a world class bad sports owner in New York, that's not something you want to be. So He's James dos. I cold my beer. But look, that's another team that where a guy backed away and all of a sudden they're a very interesting proposition in the city. And also honestly the Mets and the Yankees and the Nicks all being exciting and the Jets being a tire fire is terrible. And that's something you feel when you live in New York.


That's a great point York. So I wonder if some of that is contributing to him. He's never fired a coach this early into the season like this. This is something he's never done before. So it, Ims a rare thing in general. It's, it's like a once a year maybe. And I, I honestly think the fact that he did not hire Robert Sala, it's like this is not my handpicked guy. This team is built to win right now with this quarterback right now. If this can salvage the season, this is my sign to the fans that I'm actually doubling down on this team and saying I know we're not winning a Super Bowl as it is right now. I know we're not winning Super Bowl with Sala as our head coach. I am going to do This. Could've told you that in January I'm gonna do this and I'll create this, you know, atmosphere that okay same old jets we're idiots or, but if that's what it takes to salvage this thing, I don't just wanna watch the season go down the tubes or the guy that I didn't pick that I don't think is gonna win as the Super Bowl.


So explain to me pro football, why they couldn't just get Mike Vrabel 10 hours after they fires. You can vrabel is under conscious People like, oh it's so hard to, for a coach to come in. So I, during this is I'm like, is it, is It that hard? I actually had conversations about this because I didn't think Abel, I thought Belichick like is it possible now? Obviously he hates, suggests he hates, suggests he'll never do. I don't think he'll ever do it. I was just thinking hypothetically. Yeah. And the only situation that that's been done off the couch, not a coach, not with the team. Midseason was Saturday and that was because that's Ess guy and he but Saturday was on ES espn. He is like midway through this season having never coached before in the NFL. It's amazing. You're Gonna then I bet against Won. It's still Crazy. They beat the Raiders.


Beat The Raiders. Terrible. It's Still crazy that they did that. Then I was thinking, well I'm watching Belichick, he's following the game as close as anybody and the Jets he, he despises the Jets and doesn't like the Johnson family and so he wouldn't go there. But hypothetically if another coach was fired Mc season, could a Belichick come over Now Abel's Consulting got Pete Carroll. Yeah Pete come in and have a great, had a lot of energy. Think technically another Coach with a lot of Jet's history. Yeah. Pete Carroll should fired after a year. They Could technically legal like they could. It's just, you don't know those coaches. You don't know that offense. You don't know that even it'd be more of than anything just a rah rah guy usually and just, hey I'm here to change the body. I would've, I would've gotten Vrabel five minutes later. I think that guy's like a top century and He would have to, I mean I obviously Tennessee figure it out.


Tennessee's paying him a ton already. Cleveland has him on staff. Yeah, I'm sure Cleveland would let him leave to go be a tech coach. I guess the tough thing would be taking over another coaching staff. 'cause I knows Doc, doc even talked about that publicly. You're inheriting all these people. Yeah. And it turns into Game of Thrones with all the assistants quickly. Jets are plus three 10 on FanDuel to win the division. Right now the alt win total for the Jets on FanDuel is over nine and a half is plus 2 35 and then eight and a half is the over. Do you have, okay, do the Jets go nine and eight? I think that they can, I don't know if they will.


I will say historically this division is usually a blood bath and the jets are typically at the bottom. So if we're in a year where the jets are like a nine 10. Yeah. But Think the pats are awful and Miami's awful. Exactly. That's my Point. You Haven't even played the Pats yet. Yes. And the bills have been, I don't Pat Think the Pats week Three. Oh yeah. No they have they played the Dolphins. They Have not played the Dolphins. Yeah that's what it's yeah they have three games left against those two. Yeah, they're plus one 10 over eight and a half. Which Is more of a reason I think that there was an urgency to get this done. We're gonna take a break and then I wanna go through the last 50 years of Jets coaches and see if Sean tries to stab himself with that Starbucks cup. You ready for some coat? Tight talk. It's right after this.


Get ready to tackle the NFL action with FanDuel America's number one sports book. Right now all customers get a profit boost every single NFL game day. That means you can pump your grid iron winnings up multiple times a week. FanDuel tons of ways you can get in on the NFL action. you can bet on money lines, spreads, players, props, whatever you want. you can tail our million dollar picks, which are on this podcast. And we actually found a couple that we really liked. Plus, with super simple live betting lightning fast bet settlement and instant withdrawals, FanDuel makes betting on the NFL easier than ever. All I have to do is visit FanDuel dot com slash bs to download FanDuel today. You must be 21 plus in President Select states or 18 plus and p in DC Opt-in required bonus issued as Noble Profit Boost tokens restrictions apply including token expiration seat turns for both offers at sportsbook FanDuel dot com. MB Pro call 100 gambler visit rg-help.com.


This episode is brought to by SimpliSafe. As a father, I know how important it's to make sure you're keeping your kids safe. It always feels like you could always be doing more. Right. Well here's a parenting tip. Get a SimpliSafe home security system. It's a great way to make sure your family has the protection they need even if you're not there. We have one of our house and we love it. It's a summer we just went away. When you're away, you wanna know that all hell isn't breaking loose in your house. And that's where SimpliSafe comes in. If you're gonna trust anyone with the safety of your loved ones, trust SimpliSafe. They've been named Best Home Security Systems by US News and World Report for five years running right now. you can get an exclusive 50% discount on a new system plus a free indoor security camera with Fast Protect monitoring. Just visit SimpliSafe dot com slash bs. This offer is for a limited time only. So order today, once again SimpliSafe with two is.com/bs. There's no safe like SimpliSafe.


Alright, so the Jets have been in my life really since I started watching football with Jim Plunkett, 1974. I was a little kid pretending I was Randy Beha in the backyard. And then the Pats were good in 76, 77, 78. And the Jets were kind of parallel. They, they actually had a couple good moments too. And then we kind of both settled into just being the black sheeps of the A FC simultaneously. But I can start to really remember football around the mid seventies. Lou Holtz was the Jets coach at 76, coach 13 games and then got fired or quit three in 10. But then they brought in Walt Michaels and Walt Michaels presided over I think the 82 jets which made the, they lost to Miami 14.


Nothing. So I started researching this Walt Michaels, that was his last game. They lost the A FC title Game 14, nothing. And this was in the research. The day after that game, Michaels did not show up for the Jet's final team meeting. 17 days later he retired saying a break saying he needed a break. The New York Times reported that during Michael's last meeting with Leon Hess, the jet's owner, he was told to resign given a $400,000 financial package and encouraged to seek treatment for alcohol abuse. He accepted the terms and then coached in the USFL three years later. And that was it. He was replaced by the one and only Joe Walden. Joe Walden. I was gonna say that's so my high school buddy Jim Grady, diehard Jets fan.


Okay. And we got to know each other in the mid eighties. And Joe Walton was our favorite. 'cause he would, the camera would always catch him picking his nose on the sidelines. The insight You come For, he would just be like kind of like one knuckle deep every time they showed him. But we thought it was the funniest thing. He, There were some good jet tears. I mean There was, they had the Sack Richard Todd year, the Sack exchange and then Kenny O'Brien had some years where they would actually win games. They, he did. They, they were favored in the Pats playoff game and the Pats won the Super Bowl. Anyway, he lasted through the eighties. I looked up his New York Times obit and the headline of it was Joe Walton giant star who found futility as jet's Coach dies at 85.


That was the headline. Some dig headline obit found futility, guy's dead. Give him a Little bit of flowers here. So then next was the Immortal Bruce Coslet. Is that the first coach you remember or No, It is. I was telling you earlier, bill that my, one of my first sports memories, probably my first football memory 'cause I was a baseball fan and I remember the Mets being good in 88 but in 90 when Coslet came in, yeah, my father despised Bruce Coslet. Bruce Cos who he coached Full haircut and really goofy start glasses. Starter jacket. I remember Jacket, he looked like a SN L character that Like orangey hair color something. He was a very stoic figure. But he coached eight NFL seasons in full and never had a winning season.


So he was kind of Robert s before Robert Sala. He was a wildly unsuccessful. Yeah because he was was he But was it Bengals first and then Jets, right? Yeah. Was Jets then Bengals, Jets then Beng Four years. I remember him at Both. Yeah. Four years. No winning seasons for the Jets replaced by Pete Carroll. Yep. One year. One year and done. And then I forgot 'cause I was researching this, it was the fake spike. It Was 94, it was the famous year. They're Like six and five. I watched that game when it happened. Marino does the fixed fight. I was there. Oh you went there? I was there there with my friend. With my friend Matt Na, my friend Josh Levin. We all went and they were like six and four Maybe at the time. Six and five. Yeah, six And five. They were hot then they lost every game the rest of the season. Yeah. And it was like, I guess he had to go and that was Mark Ingram's dad. Mark Stein had four touchdowns that game or three touchdowns for the Dolphins.


So they bring in Rich Kotite From the Eagles Who was four and 28 in two years. It's unbelievable. And then had, there's a whole, I didn't get fired, I quit. Yep. And he was like, well we were about to fire you when you quit. That was when they got Neil O'Donnell. This was my favorite version of the Jets. They signed Neil O'Donnell from the Steelers and he had the press conference and I was living with my buddy, Jeff Gal at the time and he and Neil came in Vikings fan. Yeah. I listen, I'm a listener. Neil came in, he is like, I was brought here to win games. He talked like Francesa, I'm a winner. The Jet's are winners. And and we were like, this is amazing. The Jets definitely aren't winners. And he was terrible replaced by Bill Parcells.


That's great. That was fun. Great. Great little run. It was a great time. That's the best jets coach you ever had, right? By far. Three years of Bill Parcells and Be and check on staff. Oh there's a check On staff. Yeah. Painful test of already injury that colors this period. Yeah. We, 'cause otherwise this could have been a great team. Yeah. You know, I think, I bet on them in the A FC title game against the Broncos. They were up to nothing in that game were at Halftime. It felt like they were gonna win. We were up, keep fires. A bunch of weird shit happened. All right. So replaced by Al Grow Proof, right. Went nine and seven and then resigned and coach the University of Virginia. Went to college. Really weird. So Al Grow during this season, bear in mind I'm a diehard Jets fan in college at or in high school at this time.


One of my close friends in high school starts dating Al Grove's son the year he starts as the coach. Wow. And when I met his son who was a really nice guy, I was like Brother, there's a lot riding on this hire your dad better not fuck this up. And he bailed in like 12 weeks. He did? Yeah. He went back and Went to UVA, You know I knew his brother Wayne grow who he was. He was, he was working with the crew and things went wrong and we should known Al getting shot in a hotel room. So then there was the Belichick never actually hired crazy Herm Edwards. Yeah, Good years. So I'm year writing in my column at that point. And people like Herm Edwards just content Are just gold filler.


Yeah. Just one of the worst game management people who ever lived just seemed completely confused. He like if they had all the stuff they had now of the analytics you, whether you should punt or got Herm Edwards would've like, like broken the nerds. He, he would like pun from his from the 34 yard line. So the First year though of Herm, did they not go to the playoffs, did they? I think they might have a bump. He jumped to Kansas City. Well he went like four and 12. Yeah. They were gonna fire him. He jumped to Kansas City. So he's gone. And you hire the man genius. You hired Belichick's protege whose really only legacy was he starts Spygate blows the whistle on Belichick starts this Belichick blood feud that now is is paying off against you.


'cause Belichick probably would've taken it over the Jets if that never happened. But Sean hates Belichick so he is fine. Yeah. Belichick's like 300 years old. It's alright. Okay. I Man Genie, I remember being really happy during that period and I feel like he got kind of short shrift and I don't really, well There was fully understand what happened there. There was some good moments they, and then of course the brush off of the handshake with Belichick is like a legendary And then I know this sounds so ringer and like the soprano scene like was a huge deal when it was a huge deal when Artie Buco was like the man genius and the internet was like he was in, he wasn't like, it was like crossover event. Like oh my God. Like, and everyone wasn't like, oh we hate that coach. They're like, we love that guy. After one year he was, he was awesome with the Jets.


And then as it goes, so Why So he never worked again? No, he went to Cleveland. He was the head coach at the Brows after. Oh that's right. I had him on the podcast and I was still kind of pissed about Spygate. We, we talked it out. I wa I I was about as I'm not never Adversarial would have a podcast guest. That one I was like I had to. Yeah. And how'd he handle it? It was good. He Actually was a pretty, did He talk about it openly? 'cause I know he is on FS one a bunch. I see him on the like first things first. That was like 10 years ago. But he still Bill talk About it, remember? I think we talked about it a little bit. Yeah. Okay, bill, wait, I have a question for you. Have you reconciled the fact that your six Super Bowl rings are built on a pile of lies and that you cheated your way To the top? You know what, they changed the rules in oh seven and Belichick forgot and it was just one game of cheating. And I see, you know, we paid the price first round pick.


What about the Air first round pick pressure in those balls. Was that an issue? I seem to recall. Recall Controversy that was that all the evidence is that they, they were full of shit on that one. Anyway. I have a question, Sean, I know you're the movie guy but I'm sure you've seen the clips and Bill of course. Any thoughts on the clips that have gone viral from the Aaron Hernandez television show of some of these acting bits of The Broco? Are Those real? They're real. It's real. So Ryan Murphy's just never seen a football game before. It doesn't appear to be the case. He seems to be be really comfortable with serial murderers and portraying them. Yeah, Domer, he's on, yeah. For whatever reason football players is not working. Wait, a couple more coaches. Okay. Rex Ryan's your second best. Chris some Great that great, some great times and foot fetish scandal and then it just kind of went sideways and he, he saved His job with a win the final game against Miami.


Brought back one more year after the, and then that year was like done, Went into Belichick's house and beat him. Oh yeah. And talked all kinds of shit. No doubt. Like that was a real thing. Doubt. Probably The greatest coaching moment Coach Buffalo afterwards. That's right. Oh yeah. He went to Buffalo Todd Bowles when ten six in 2015 Missed the playoffs with Ryan Fitzpatrick as quarterback and they just missed the playoffs. Jets have been victims of this a few times. They were 11 and five. Yeah, the castle year where I think the golf offense No, That was the pat. Yeah, the Pats the, they all Went 11 and five and and then this year they went 10 and six and it's like they couldn't do anything in the postseason. So he was 10 and six and 15 and then the wheels came off just for the Jets in general you're like 43 and 93 cents.


But he was nine and 23 I remember in Jets Nation and we knew each other by then. People felt like the team, he like he wasn't that bad. It was just the, the quarterback situation was such a Disaster was the GM nan was, was like the great ire everyone had. So I don't they both lost their jobst. The Jets fans weren't like, God, get this guy outta here though. Were they at a, I don't remember that. I think by the end they, they were, but that first season was the year when it was at Brandon Marshall and Eric Decker were on the outside as their Receivers And they were incredible. That was awesome. The most exciting offensive team that had, They had an overtime win over the Patriots where Decker has a touchdown and Fitzpatrick hits him and it was like, all right, like this could work. Then Adam Ga, who I don't even think is coaching anymore.


Right. G was, I think he went to go coach high school in living down in Alabama for a while. I'm not sure what he is up to now. He's on the 33rd team. He's like an advisor. Is he that consulting? Yeah. He's Not even coach in high School. He was making money from both the Dolphins and the Jets for many, many years. I think those contracts have probably expired, but at one point he was double dipping with both teams having been fired by both teams with years left on both contracts. And he, He's the worst of all of these coaches. Right. Have you had a worse coach than Adam Ga He, I mean he was wildly inept, but he also was at a time when those rosters were really bad too. And that was the tail end of the nan era. It was right before Joe Douglas came in for his last season.


You know, we haven't said the, have we even said the name Joe Douglas to this point? You know, he was been there about years six Year contract. Yeah. Yeah. Wow. And if you, if you look at his record, his record is actually a lot worse than Robert Sos though he did inherit an absolute disaster in that first gay season. But it just, honestly, I don't, I'm not passing judgment, it just seemed like there was something wrong with Adam Gas. Like I, it, it was impossible to tell what convinced Christopher Johnson to hire him in the first place because he was, you know, had that famous press conference where he just seemed Like loopy And he was a disaster from the very beginning. And then so, and then Ulrich, The sole one is interesting because of that year and the way the coaches were all being interviewed.


And I remember talking to you and I believe it was House at the time and you guys were all like solid to Detroit, right? And I remember saying like maybe he's a local guy there, but I know he's gonna have other opportunities. And they hired Dan Campbell even before that and everyone's like Dan Campbell. And the irony is here's Dan Campbell of all that crew. I wish we had the whole list, but I think it was like Mike McDaniel, Robert Sala, you know, and then I remember Kingsbury interviewed with the Jets, but Michael Bidwell had a plane waiting for him out there right afterwards and it was like if he gets on that plane, he's, he's going to Arizona and Cliff went and took the Arizona job and had to get outta USC. But like that was a crazy year of you know, who's going where And Sala, I think a lot of Jets fans were happy with it.


Here's a all business tough nosed defensive coach and I think, you know, four years later it's October. So top three, top three jets coaches Parcell's won. Yes. Although Honestly Rex Ryan's two Rex got farther more consistently. I mean Rex wins two consecutive a FC championships And beat Peyton Manning and Tom Brady and playoff games. Parcells changed the culture of the team. You know, Parcells went and got Curtis Martin from the Pats. Like he, he, the Jets were a laughing stock and it felt like he fixed it. Those Parcells teams were awesome. They like Richie Anderson. They were good. Keith Byers, Kevin an identity. Yeah, he had a lot of old school. So who's the third best Jets coach of your lifetime then?


This is sad. Is it Al Grow for one year? Herman? I mean he's the only one with a winning record, right? He Won nine seven Al Grove. That name means nothing. Danny Jet fan. It's like one year. Is he the only one with a winning record? Be aside from Parcells and Rex. Yeah. So it's gotta be Al Grow. Can I ask you, you as a Jet fan, because already fans, all my Jet fans fans are texting me and it's like, do you want to go Vrabel Belichick style or would you want Young Hotshot Ben Johnson, cliff Kingsbury or Hotshot College coach? Like where's your head now coming off Thes era? Ridiculous. Well I, this is complete wish casting, but I saw somebody pitch the idea of Mike Vrabel as head coach and Kevin Stefanski getting fired and coming in as the OC now that two time Coach the year.


Yes. See I would, that is something I would love If the fancy was available I would put him on the Vrbo level. Yeah, Fancy's great. And By the way, the Stefanski thing, we're gonna talk about it after Sean leaves, but it's a little similar to Sal with Zach Wilson last year where You're playing the guy supposed You're playing the guy supposed to do they told you to play. Yeah. Like he clearly didn't have a choice. He didn't wanna keep playing. Zach Wilson, I'm a Big Kevin Stefanski fan as far as knowing how he operates in that building and how the players respond and what he did in Minnesota. And he's a two-time coach of the year. I'd be shocked if they fired him at the end of this season. All right, we'll talk Mets quick and then we'll let Sean go. So 40 minutes on the Jets being horrible and quick talk about one of the most exciting sports days that's ever happened to me.


Yeah, I think we, I think Winker could play for the Jets. That guy, he's got that, you know, they could use him right now So. It could be Mets Dodge. We're taping this before the game five. Could be Mets Dodgers, could be Mets Padres. If it's Mets Dodgers and the Yankees make it, it's awesome. And the two scenarios for the World Series or Yankees, Mets or Yankees, Dodgers fucks. Hello. That's fucking amazing. It's amazing. And I don't even know, we had Yankees Mets already. I would assume Yankees, Tani is the all times. Yeah. Although I know obviously ratings wise Dodgers are like the Padres, like they peacock and they're loud and those fans are nuts. Like that's even a good scenario. Yeah, that's fun too. When did, did you, did you see any sign that this Mets team was gonna make it to the Final Four ever?


I don't, I would never would've guessed that they would've gotten to the NLCS. But I did say on the record to Chris Ryan in July when they were in the midst of turning the season around. You know what this reminds me of, Chris, is this reminds me of the 2022 Phillies and this is the team you don't wanna see in the playoffs. Because something happened where the switch flipped in June and they started to play incredibly competent baseball where it was like every part of their game was rock solid. The rotation tightened up, their defense was great. And Lindor started hitting and as soon as that started happening, I was like, oh shit, this is like the D backs last year. This is like the Phillies in 22. This is a, this is the common thing now that happens with this new format in MLB. Yeah. Where it's like you run into this team, it is hot for a couple of months and you're in trouble. Look at the Tigers right now. Whatever's happening to them is crazy.


Yeah. So I, I did sense that there was something special. And then if you've watched the team at all in the last 50 or 60 days, they got juice Man. Like they just, they believe they are fearless. They have a guy who now is like Lindora is now very quietly climbing and Like, and that's ladder An all century ladder. Like And how badass athletes was that reaction to the Grand Slam. Like doesn't even Flint, like, it's like no big deal just running Around the reverse pimp. That's what I'm calling it. You were the rope. It was so crazy. Pimp. Yeah. There was no, no fist pump. Just like Whatever. Yeah. 'cause it seems the baseball reactions now, which I've really enjoyed Flip in the past Because they either are now like all time crazy agro where SNL could do a sketch of a guy hits a home run and then just starts taking off all his clothes and whipping him down and doing like the Chris Farley Chippendale sketch basically.


Or it's like the, the Linor reaction. It's just, I'm too cool to, can I, can I ask? So like I, I'm trying to pick a compare 'cause I've lived in this market obviously, and all of my friends are Mets fans. The ownership change feels like it matters too. And I cover the NFL and it's like in Washington you feel that? Yeah. As a Mets fan, you know, what's the wife's name? 'cause she's involved too. It's Steve Cohen and Alex, Alex Cohen. They, they're like in the locker room celebrating and they're fun and they're young and he is like, how about this Linor? Like how me, I feel like that matters too. That it's like this veil of ownership change and now there's this fresh blood and it's like we like this guy who we're root for our owner. So I'll, I'll tell you this, this is a very sad admission, but I will make it here publicly on the biggest sports podcast in the universe, in the top, in the ninth inning of game three of the wild card series.


Before Pete Alonzo came to bat, I had a tweet prepared a tweet fired up. Oh, you You had a tweet draft. I had A tweet draft. Here's the tweet draft. It was right above your tweet of Don't give up on Adam Driver yet the eighth movie's gonna be the charm. This was sort of the inverse of my belief in Adam Driver. The tweet was going to say something along the lines of, in four years of ownership and over $1.1 billion spent on player salary, Steve Cohen has two playoff wins to show. And then Pete Alonso stepped up and hit an incredible three run home run Opposite field after Months of being terrible and just changed and turned everything around for like the 10th time this season for the Mets. And so Peter, deep down, I really want Steve Cohen to be our George Steinbrenner.


You know, the guy who comes in and just spend Money and just bring Us spends and changes it Goods changes. Yes. Changes. But the truth is, I think what happened is, is that four years ago when he bought the team, everybody knew David Stears wanted to be the general manager of the Mets. Steve Cohen wanted him to be the general manager and they had to wait out his brewer's contract. And they did. And they brought him in. And almost everything that David Stears did for this team worked. And all of it in the off season looked like it wasn't gonna work. I was like, what is this off season? This is like a reset year. No one has high expectations, but I, I now I'm like, wow, we have a baseball wizard, the richest owner in the sport and we're built around Lin do like this, we're in an amazing spot right now. Yeah, Well it's a good example of like the Celtics, that wholesale process is gonna happen in the next six weeks.


Right. And if you're, I've talked about this before, but if you're like a super duper rich guy, you're just a super duper rich guy and you hang out with other super duper rich guys and you know, nobody knows who you are. But now Steve Cohen, who I know he was a name, but I didn't know who he was. I didn't know what he looked like. Sure. And now this guy is going to New York. People are congratulating him. People are thanking him. Every restaurant he is in, people are Coming up to him. Like little 8-year-old kids. Like this is my son Johnny. He's all he's wanted was a good mix. I assure you Steven, Alex Coh have been going to the Hamptons for 30 years in the summers and no one pays 2 cents to 'em. And then next summer they're gonna be the toast of the town. Yeah. They, and this is why these, this is why the Celtics are worth like high fours and we'll probably go for six no Doubt.


Because if you own that team and that start, like who knew who Wick Rosebeck was, who knew who Joe Lako was. Totally. And then on the flip side, who knew who Woody Johnson was? But now we know who he is. Unfortunately. But it's, that's the seesaw. So you got Woody Johnson over here and you got Steve Cohen over here who's now like, if, if they beat the Yankees in the World Series, oh gosh. Oh forget that guy is Yankee. Might as well have cured cancer. Yeah. Yeah. Forget it. Hi. Hi. His great great-Great-great-great grandchildren will be legends in New York. Right. This is also like deep cut baseball. But the five o'clock eastern start for all these Mets playoff games, all my friends got to go. They went after work, they are home at a normal hour. They brought their kids. There was a really cool piece to this.


Yeah. Those games at City Field have all been daytime games for the most part. And it's like generationally acceptable. And you know, for us who cover the NFL and cover basketball, you don't get a five o'clock start anymore. And that was really cool to watch this in the fall in New York. The flip side is, it's not eternal. Like John Henry could have sold the Red Sox in 2019, not traded Mookie bets. And he would've been, it could Turn Beloved, you know, he would've been Paul Revere. And now people are like, get this fucking guy outta here. Don't bid on the Celtics motherfucker. But I would take those titles in a minute, bill. I say those world series that you got, man, I would Kill those. Yeah, no. That's how I should be thinking about it. But then I watch Mookie in a playoff game and I'm just like, motherfucker, Where were you when Kenny Rogers walked Andrew Jones?


Where were you for that one? Oh Jesus. I don't even remember. I mean, I'm sure I was in my living room at the time. Okay. I have memories of all the Mets losses, you know, Adam Wayne Wright getting Beltran. I mean all of these games just So hard for Wao to be calling that this, I know that series too. Tell, it's just like sticking in my chest. Tell your Alonzo Home Run story. Let me hear it. Where were you? I was in New York because we were doing a live re watchable and I was at the New York Film Festival and I was thrilled to be in New York and I am too afraid to watch a game like that in public. And so I sat alone in my hotel room and I screamed so loud that I had someone next door knock on my door after the home run and say, yes, please pipe down.


And I was, I honestly, I cried. I'm not afraid to say it. I was Did you cry my eyes? I was like, this is so fucking special man. This is so, this is exact, my wife is like, why do you watch sports? 'cause I, my life is so miserable as a sports fan. Yeah. And as soon as that happened I texted her, this is why I watch sports. Yes. 'cause it can make you feel that way. It was amazing. You know, it's funny, it's So beautiful. I love that The Mets are responsible for the worst loss I ever had. Game 6 19 86, like the darkest Yeah. Moment I've ever had in sports basically. And, and now it's been so many years. I actually kind of like, I have a lot of Mets fans in my life too, but I've actually found myself rooting for them. Like it's, and plus we won four World Series, but it just seems like a cajillion years ago.


Yeah. The Calvin Sheraldi and Bob Stanley and Mookie, all that shit. That's the last time it felt like they had magic too. Yeah. I mean that is really the last time you could point to, and it's almost 40 years ago now. And so that I, you know, I don't know if it's gonna continue. I think Well flip that. It was the mic, it was before your time, but the mike, the, the Dodgers playoff game in 88. Yeah. Mike go, Mike Sochi hit the home run. Yeah. I And from that point on, it was really only, only that one time right at, right around when Grantland got canned, they made the World Series that year. Yeah. Consider Royals with the pitch A great year, but is is a very painful memory because they were ahead, I think in three outta those five games. Yeah. After the seventh inning. And so it's, it's a very painful memory to think about. But that playoff run was really great. I was, I went to Dodgers Mets games that year and they were fantastic.


But this something is different this year. Yeah. I think we're the same age, Sean, I think, did you tell me you had this I had a VHS tape about the 86 Mets and they would show Davy Johnson with the Rabbit and the magic number. Yes. And the soundtrack was amazing. And, and it was like, well boys Well Boys. And it was like Wally Bachman and Lenny Dykstra. Yeah. And it was, and that's my memories of like the Mets Wally Bachman, the guy coming in with fan man coming down, you know, into the stands. Like the whole, and that was the team that beat your, and that's been, I mean that, that's a long, long time ago. But this, this Mets team does have, when you look at Jesse Winker, when you look at Jose ILAs, when you look at Alonzo, there's a lot of dudes on this team who have a lot of personality, who have a lot of bits.


This is a team full of gimmicks. All the grimace stuff, the OMG stuff. mg Yeah. There's just like a lot of lore that is building historically in baseball, if there's a lot of lore, it tends to carry on. I have no idea if they run into the Padres, I'm pretty nervous. The Padres are loaded. Yeah. But if it's the Dodgers, those fans are scary of a sudden you start fantasizing, you know? Yeah. We We had it happen in 2013 with that team. Yeah. Everyone thinks of the, The Form team. Like Yeah. That was the team that came outta nowhere. Shane Victorino Poppy was like larger than knife. I think the difference, the difference with this Mets team, and I'm only saying this from afar versus that 2015 team is the Lindo piece. 'cause you, you need that guy in offense that you feel like is a superhero.


And yeah, you didn't have that guy in 2015, but like in 13 it was like, we just gotta get Ortiz up. He's gonna he'll do something. Yeah. And you just like, you have so much superhero trust. I mean, I'm watching, I'm watching these games and I'm a Fox employee and I respect, you know, Arod and Jeter and those guys. I'm, I'm, I'm putting on SNY afterwards just to get the local flavor and to get like the SNY guy that's, and that's kind of probably the Red Sox you put on SN like, you wanna see what's going on and what they're saying. Like yeah, that, But do the Yankees have that in the same way with this team? I don't know. The Yes. Crew is different. Like the Mets thing is like, does Does Judge have that superhero factor? Yes. He hasn't performed in the play regular season Historically. In the regular season. Yeah. Yes. And I think it's Almost like Stanton becomes the superhero of the play.


He has been. Yeah. He has been. I, and that's the thing, I was like, the Mets are this like, feel good. Amazing. And like the Yankees, it's almost like in this city at least that's the standard. But The Mets are going through a gauntlet and the Yankees are like this fucking ridiculous Tigers team, the Guardians. And then they're playing the Royals. I'm in an nail keeper league. Like those guys are being passed around on the auction wire. There's closers materializing with six weeks left in the season. It just feels like it's just set up for the Yankees. Pretty cool to cruise in. Yeah. Well you're, yeah. You're kind of, dad Is love for New York. It's great. Well, I don't, I don't like you would Hate the Yankees winning this one. I like the Yankees only winning one World series in the C So if it's Yankees, Dodgers, Yankees, Mets, Yankees, po you know, whoever it is, you know where Bill Simmons will be standing Yeah.


On the opposite side For baseball purposes. Judge Tani is, is that's pretty amazing box office. But for my purposes, Linor Judge would be, well, honestly, what I want is Linor versus I, I don't know The Guardians. Like that would probably be the Yeah, the Tikis. What about mj Melendez versus Tiz that the same. Coming up next. All right. Sean Fantasy. What a run for you. What was the best movie you saw? The New York Film Festival. Mm. Probably The Shrouds, which is David Cronenberg's sad movie about what happens when your wife dies and then you get super horny. So check that out in a theater near you in 2025. Wow. Did, did You go to Toronto?


Were you at the Toronto Film Fest? No, I didn't. I went to Telluride this year. Okay. 'cause you know that apparently this Paul Rudd, Tim Robinson movie is just batshit crazy and I cannot wait for this. So A friend of mine produced it and he told me one year ago, this is gonna be the funniest movie of the last 10 years. Wow. So Bill Mark, that Not, not high stakes because we've, I was there for the last 10 years. Very true. But that still sounds great. They did say they're trying to get back to where we were earlier in this century with comedies Tim Robinson and Paul Rudds called Friendship. It's, it's basically Paul Rudd plays a local weatherman and Tim Robinson just thinks he's really fucking cool and wants to get to know him and just like hangs with round him and follows him to his local remote hits. I'm in. That sounds great.


Well, we, Sean and I are on Silence of the Lambs live re watchable next Monday, which included, I'm, I'm not gonna apologize for a lot of Jam gum content. Just a lot too much. Was it what? Too much Jam gum content? No. Okay. I thought it was a lot of fun and a great show. And Bill, as I said to people at the bar afterwards, I was like, BS still the best in the business, knows how to set people up. No doubts how to bring Come on The Heat. You were great. I loved, I had so much fun. Well, and we're gonna be doing Hereditary later this month. Oh, very Exciting. Yeah. Which is for some reason a super popular film in the Simmons family. They, They love it. I mean, it's horrifying. My, my daughter, my son, and my wife.


They'll just crank it on. I'm like, wanna watch Hereditary? I'm like, you guys are insane. I wanna see this movie twice. Anyway. All right. Fantasy. Good luck with the Mets. Thanks guys. See you later.


Shreks, Welcome to who's Delivering presented by Ubereats, where we break down the NFL players who have delivered so far this season. From household names to add of nowhere surprises. Peter Schrager is the thing. Yes. Who's your favorite? Out of nowhere surprise. Tyrone Tracy of the New York Giants. Wow. Saturday night gets the call up. Devin Single. Terry's not gonna go. We're gonna give Tyrone Tracy a day three pick the rock. And in his first game with everyone picking him up on waivers delivers for everyone 129 yards in a tug in his first big NFL game. I would have to go with Kareem Hunt, who I thought his career was over 29 Carries. I thought his was done. And he was on the waiver wire in fantasy and people are like, oh, it's Kareem Hunt. Forgot he was still in the league. Yep. And then Carson Steele fumbles. And that's it. All of a sudden Kareem Hunt is Kareem Hunt back again. Here's another one though. Who? We got this Packer's tight end Tucker Craft. Oh God. Do you know his story? What's his story? He's From a town of 500 people called Timberlake, South Dakota. And he played at this tiny, tiny school and they took Musgrave early as a tight end. They took him later in the draft as a tight end last year, started picking it up and now is like the most beloved guy in the locker room. Awesome player. Two touchdowns, angry stiff arms, the whole thing. I have him on all three teams, like great. Is he, is he like one of the top, like I have him and La Porta on a team. I'm like, I don't know who to start Go with Tucker Craft. I don't, I don't know what to do. Poor Luke Musgrave, who I thought was gonna be this. I know. Yeah. Tucker Craft. That's a, that's another good one. All right. That was, who's delivering Presented by Ubereats. You know, who's that? Who's that wide receiver who might get the Raiders' number one job of Devonte Adams? Trey Turner. I'm gonna put him like him on Ubereats watch. Okay. On Watch like, like two, three weeks from now. That's something I like about him. I like the Packer safety. Evan Williams, you watch them at all. Evan. 10 tackles last week. Everyone loves Xavier McKinney. Big name Evan Williams Rookie. That's my other Guy that was who's delivering and presented by Ubereats where you can get the best deals on game day food all season long. Ubereats the official on demand delivery partner of the NFL Order Now.


This episode is brought to you by State Farm. State Farm helps you score an affordable price when you choose to bundle home and auto insurance with the personal price plan. Bundling home and auto. That's a pro move. Just another way you can save on your insurance needs. Talk to a State Farm agent today to learn how you can bundle and save with the personal price plan like a good neighbor. State Farm is there. Prices are based on rating plans that vary by state coverage. Options are selected by the customer availability. Amount of discounts and savings and eligibility vary by state.


This episode is brought to you by Michelob ULTRA from Tipoff to hoist in the trophy. Celebrate every moment of the WNBA finals with a Michelob ULTRA in hand. The WNA is so hot. We just launched a ringer. WNBA show podcast. Yeah, that's happening. You know what goes well with it? Michelob ULTRA, the taste, super smooth, low calories and carbs. Why not save on calories if you're drinking a good beer? I like to keep it nice and cold. It's just really good. And you got the WNBA finals like all kinds of crazy matchups. Might have the two best teams in the league playing in round two. It's gonna be amazing. We'll see how far Caton Clark and goes. You're not gonna wanna miss a moment. Stock up on Michelob ULTRA for the WNBA finals. Michelob ULTRA Superior Light Beer. Enjoy responsibly copyright 2024 Anheuser Busch Michelob ULTRA Registered Light Beer St. Louis, Missouri.


All right, we're gonna do some burning questions on the NFL season that don't have to do with the New York Jets. First one, Sal and I talked about this Sunday. Still don't have an answer on Thursday. Why won't the Browns bench Deshaun Watson, they're 18.2% on third down this year, which I didn't even think was possible. Like one out of every five third downs converting, they can't even do that. Think about third down. You have like third and one. Yeah, third and two. Third and four. 18.2%. It's like impossible. They don't think they're at that point yet. They don't think it's to Sean Watson's fault. And they think that if the couple balls bounced differently the first few weeks, they'd be three in one going into last week.


Last week was the first game where they just got absolutely blown out. And you look at that game, there's no juice, there's no signs of the dynamic, you know, play with his feet that he used to have. And It doesn't seem like he has the same zip in his arm either. He honestly doesn't. if you go back on YouTube and you watch like 2019 Houston, it looks like a different player. No, he was amazing. Yeah. Was amazing. He kind looks like, like Jaden Daniels ish. No, now like just moving around. He started the third week of his rookie season, they had Tom Savage the first two weeks they put him in at halftime against the Bengals and he was outstanding. And then he almost beat the Patriots the next week in New England. Like he had an incredible start to his pro career playoff games.


The whole thing, even last year when he gets back, he had one really good game. They played the Ravens in Baltimore. Yeah, he was outstanding. You're right. But he got hurt and that's when Flaco came in and it was like, alright, that's what we're getting when we get him back. He just hasn't been that this year. But they haven't gotten to Jameis. And the thought there, and I've spoken and you know, when we discussed the Brown, I heard you in Sal Diamond thought, is Chubb's coming back? We still have some, you know, players that were still getting used to this. I Have Chubb on every fan. He's Gonna be all right dude. Chubb's A beast. I've been watching the, they have beast videos like watch chu dance side by side side that a smart pick side side. UBS a Beast and forget about Chub. He's been out for a long time. Yeah. And the hope is that like instead of pulling the pls, the opposite of the jets, instead of pulling the plugin, you know, throwing the grenade and saying, all right, we're just gonna go to Jam Winston, that we could still win with Deshaun Watson.


What we see in practice is that he's the best way we can win. And you honestly believe that, No, I don't. I'm here for pull the plug and put in Jamis if the same like let's see a spark something Jamis at least can rally the team and get them energized. Like, I dunno, Chubb Is like Derrick Henry where you just kind of forget and then you watch him just, oh, just bowling over that guy's amazing. Like, oh yeah, there's nobody like that guy. It's coming off serious injury. But the hope is that when he gets back and maybe Deshaun Watson can come to life again. I don't know. Is He this week? No. Thursday? No, I don't actually. We're doing this on Thursday. He's practicing. No, it's, there's like yet the, the yellow news update and the red flag is next to him. He's been so, I dunno what to think about. He's on ppp. It's, yeah.


Here's the, here's the thing with Deshaun that I don't, I I thought was a really good case. Mike Lombardi made about lottery winners. Sometimes when people just make a lot of money, it changes their perspective on stuff. They lose incentive. And I was like, that's interesting because the, when I watch him, I don't see a guy who's competitive, like the guy in Houston. Other people have made the case that all the off the field shit that happened to him and being villainized and you know Sure rightly so with some of the charges that that kind of changed something in him and he lost like the joy. But this is, I think Shannon Sharp was the one who mentioned the Ben Simmons analogy.


I thought that was an injury and that was like he's in his own head with the free throw shooting and it kind of like broke his brain. But it feels like there's this new era of a player can just have their brain broken by some sort of outside force. You don't know what it is. I watch him in these games and he, he just doesn't seem competitive. Yeah. And it doesn't seem like they're gonna win when he takes the field. And obviously I don't think they, like his teammates think, I Don't know. And that's the thing, I don't know. They're publicly, they're all behind him and publicly Stefanski is behind him and the haslams are behind him and that they have shown that by giving him this opportunity. But if you really wanna look at it, he hasn't been himself over a course of a, a stretch of game since 2020 17.


Cleveland starts hasn't thrown for 300 yards yet. No. And Stefanki is a great coach. Right. That's, And they've got Judy and Cooper two stud wide receivers. Right. And guys that can do it. And, and KU, when he is healthy, is a good tight end. So If you're making the case against them, it's no Chubb lot of offensive line injuries. They haven't been able to run the ball at all. I think they're 32nd running the ball. Yeah. And it's like, well they can't run the ball. Everybody knows they're gonna throw still no excuse for this. No. Yeah. I'm just, if you making the case And if you look at the different games, they've had opportunities late in four of them and couldn't put it away. But I'm not making the case for them. I didn't pick 'em to go to the playoffs. I didn't, I didn't. I mean, I'm, I have nothing to cape for him on this one. I don't see it. Well that leads to my next question, which is, are they one of the four NFL teams right, right now?


Yes. Yeah, because I think you could say, I think Carolina has to be in there. Oh, absolutely. I think the Patriots have to be in there. Yeah. And then the next two spots are Cleveland, Miami, Tennessee, and Las Vegas. I would say Las Vegas. So I had Las Vegas third worst. And then that last spot was Cleveland, Miami or Tennessee. And I think I would have Cleveland there. Yeah, I think that's Fair. But I think if they were healthy, probably not. Well, let's see, Tennessee at least there's some good defensive metrics with them. Oh, In Tennessee. Tennessee looked good. The last time we saw them, they blew out the dolphins on the road. And, and I think Miami's actually awful. Oh, I think they're, they're they're in real trouble. Yeah. Okay. And they lost Jalen Phillips, who might be their best defensive player. They're in trouble. Yeah. Well that leads, leads to my next question.


And I vented about this on a walk and talk on the streets of New York City. Didn't see this. I I I'm sorry, I didn't See it. Yeah, no, I did a, I did a one minute walk and talk. Why didn't the Patriots start Drake man, last Week? Oh, I know. What the f This is the stupidest fucking franchise. I know, I know. The spot was last week. I think they were afraid because of the offensive line. But in my opinion, if you don't start him last week, then he's gotta sit for the first three months of the season. But it really seems like Brissette was bad in that game. It was another winnable game. And they were like, you know what? We just need better quarterback play. Let's throw Drake bass. So now they're throwing him in against the Texans who have really good edge brushers, who have a better coach.


The whole thing. And I, I just, I I think the pats are just rudderless. Oh, I think, I think there's, there's, there's hope. I think this coach is still got times and things to figure out, but I do think there's hope. No, I'm, I'm talking about ownership front office coach. Interesting. It's new, but it's Really new. The alliance of those three things, dating back to when they, they decided to take Drake May, which they knew they had the third pick the whole time, right? Yeah. Yeah. I think Drake May's still the right pick. I think so too. Yeah. Did they beef up the offensive line like Washington did or like Carolina did? Sure, they did not. So they tried out, this is the, I mean they have 50 million in cap space still that I guess they're just gonna roll over to next year.


They know they have this guy coming in, they bring a Brit, they know how limited Brit is, right? Yeah. They've had him before. Yeah. The guy can't fucking move. But then they watch Brit for three games. They would've beaten Niners with the decent quarterback. A hundred percent. They were in that game. They were in that game. I know what the final score was. And people are saying like, well Brit's under Siege, that's gonna be Drake main. I'm like, actually don't know if that's true. No, because the defenses are so far moved up because Breek can't throw the ball over the top. They're just like going in every play. And once you have Drake and he can run around and throw deep, it's gonna open up. But last week was the week. And the fact that they didn't do it just makes me think they're fucking stupid. Well, you watch the same games that I have and you're saying, well, Burt's the veteran and he's gonna, you know, let him take the lick.


Burett was making the same mistakes that a young quarterback would make the last few years. He was terrible. I don't think anyone's watching Dolphins, Patriots. I was, Kyle And I were watching all those Pats Games. It was, it was one of the single worst games played by a quarterback. But he was also bad the week before. So even on performance alone, you're like, who's the number two? I don't care if it's a rookie or not, he hasn't Throw for 150 yards. He, he played, he played what? Five Games. He, and here's the thing, I talk to folks who are new, like, and they's been like, just wait, Drake Mays, like, he's been getting better and better like lighting it up on scout team and then really good this weekend practice to the point where they're like, all right, he's ready. But to your point, why not roll him out last week? What's the difference of seven days? Perfect game. Last week it would've been perfect. This Miami team that's about to roll over from the season.


It looks like doubt. No Doubt they could have been and could've Lost a bunch of dudes on defense. It's a spot to put him so that he can be ready for this Houston game. I think this and now we're gonna London the week after. I know. I just, I, it just makes me think they don't know what they're doing. His, his whole, because I asked folks in New England like, so tell me about Drake May. They're like, all right. Not the loudest guy, but like one of those just the dudes everyone loves. Yeah, everyone loves, comes from a sports family. When he signed his contract with the Patriots, he flew in all three of his brothers, they all were there For winning. And his girlfriend from the seventh Grade, from seventh grade was there. Which is cool. Like, And he is like, this is my team, this is my, you get all of us crew. He's 21 years old. I love him. And like they love him. I think they didn't wanna rush it, but then in the same breath, all right, so Bone Nicks lost a couple games early on.


Bone Nicks is set. He's good. All right, so Caleb looked a little rusty the first two weeks. Caleb looks great. Yeah. Well, So the, what are the rookie quarterbacks are like eight in one the last Two weeks. Yes. The last two weeks. Yeah, last three weeks. And it's all right. So take your bruises. You're not winning the Super Bowl. So there's this argument and I, I would go back and find everyone on all the morning shows. Ours first take whatever else, and all the pods after two weeks. Like, you know why, why do we, these quarterbacks need time to develop and they need time. Like they shouldn't be thrown in. That's why Caleb's struggling and it's like two weeks later like, no, they're good, they're fine. Like they figured it out. Like it's okay. That's what the, that's what the standard is now. Yes, it's ideal to have Patrick Mahomes behind Alex Smith, but y no one's thinking, wow, only if only Jaden Daniels could have backed up. Marcus Mariota a few games.


You know, how much better would he be? Right. Throw him into the fire. Well he's also, what, two and a half, three years older than Drake. Yeah. He played 55 games in college. Right? Yeah. Caleb. So that's a situation thing. Which brings me back to how stupid it was not to play Drake against Miami, which I was calling for all week. Caleb's going against the Rams who were super banged up totally At home. And then Carolina the week after, who probably has, if they're, if it's not the worst defense in the league is one of Jackson Jacksonville in London. Right. That's Three possible wins. Let's go Pick those up. But Caroline, I think had the worst pass rush pressure. All the stats were the worst in the league. And He threw for 300 yards. First time a Bears quarterback done that We Caleb, the first two weeks he was under siege, no doubt run.


Rolling out making mistakes. But now he has his sea legs and I just feel like Drake would've had that last week. I didn't think Miami was good in that game. No, but it was just because it's Brit's so limited. So that's it. I mean, Brit's been bad for two, three Years and now. And now Drake Masin and see and Drake may a Week late and we'll And guess what if you know, but here's what I would also argue, and this is no offense to you name the, the program like every, okay, so fine if he doesn't play against the Texans. 'cause we're so scared of, you know, well they've got Danil Hunter and they've got this great pass rush and how are we gonna put him out there to get eaten alive by that DCO Ryan defense the next week, whoever it is, they've got this guy and they've got Jeffrey Simmons on Tennessee.


Yeah. There's no cupcakes in the NFL. Like he's gonna get fed to the wolves no matter what. He might as well throw 'em out. You think so? I do. Okay. I think they're really bad. It was the perfect time to play 'em. I Mayo has been bad as a game management. Like He's gonna take it's, it's, He's been not good. Yeah, Yeah. Like you look back, they easily could have won the Seattle game. Yeah. And part of it was, was strategy stuff in fourth quarter and, and overtime the Niners game was sitting there. The Niners are dying to give away every game to anybody. Especially in the late, in the fourth quarter. And then the Miami game was ridiculous. Even going for it on fourth and 15. It was at under two minutes, but they weren't gonna make a fourth and 15. With Burset, there's zero chance, no kick a field goal.


You three time Out if touchdown, that is called a touchdown. And the guy's feeder, you Know why it wasn't touchdown? 'cause he, he threw, threw it too high. That was play by. But if that threw your, it was great. I do think Polk is the guy that I think is gonna be at Unleash. He's, he's pretty good man. He's I, you know, the other team now all he can do is just run outs with beset know like little nine yard outs or little slants. Now he can Look, May's gonna throw a couple interceptions that are gonna be like, whoa, where was he even thinking? But that guy has a cannon and Well he is gonna run around too. Any can move now. They're gonna be able to move quarterback. It's be fun to watch When your quarterback can't move. It's the fucking worst. And he, Brady could've moved but he could move. Well Brady was great in the pocket.


He could step around Awareness. Had to run six yards. He could. All right, last question. Oh, you wanna do a Washington thing? Yeah, I Is Washington for real for you? I think so, yes. So you're in. Yes. I, the vibes there are so much the opposite of what you would consider in San Francisco before the season or, or in New England before season though. It was positive. It was like these guys like Cliff And I, you know, you know I love the vibes report vibe. This is my jam Right here. I'm vibe guy. Well dad love This. I took it from you. I Love the teammate. Teammate quotes are my all time favorite. I mean, Terry McClure was raving about this guy in May when he was on with Scott Van Pelt. Like, this guy's unbelievable. Yeah, that was in May. Yeah. Look, cliff and I talk all the time and he can, you know, pump up his guy if he wants.


He doesn't have to. He had Caleb last year. He liked Caleb. The, they don't even think Jaden Daniels has scratched the surface like right. That he is that much of a leader and has an arm like no one expected and can move in the pocket. And I remember I talked to Andy Reed and this is a tough comparison for anyone to go, but it was when Alex Smith was starting and I asked Andy Reed in a production meeting for Fox. And I was like, well what about Mahomes? He's like, well Mahomes, you know, I've had Vic, I've had Alex Smith, I've had McNabb. You lay it all out. He is like, I think Mahomes might have a photographic memory. He sees things and it just, I don't need to drill it into him. He just sees the board and he gets it. And so I'm excited. I think there's a, there's an opportunity that he's gonna absolutely run with this thing. When the torch has passed that's with Jaden Daniels cerebrally, like it mentally gets it.


So the IQ is there, the ability is there. And then you've got the building that they built with Dan Quinn who is the ultimate. And that might burn fat. Like some guys might wear with that stuff. The Pete Carroll, Dan Quinn always be competing, bringing in the Navy Seals. We're gonna shoot foul shots and the winner's gonna get a celebration. Like Dan Quinn. Every other word is a curse word. Everything is like, let's go, you know, beat the shit outta the other team. They had that one video in the locker room. He had that, he had nine fbo. They just had to basically bleep everything you said. It's, and It's great. And like that stuff is working. So you've got the right head coach. Cliff isn't like a great place right now. What I loved about Cliff was Well Cliff's your Cliff's your guy, Cliff's my guy. I mean this is like the perfect quarterback For him. It's unbelievable for him. But also last year he was in this year of, could have been a year of oblivion as I reported when it happened on Fox and it was legit.


He took a one-way ticket to Thailand when he got fired by the Cardinals. And he is like, I'm gonna take some time. So last year Lincoln Riley and him have a relationship. Lincoln Riley's like, will you come and work for us? You have an opportunity to work for USC says yes on the premise that I don't wanna make a big salary from you 'cause I want the Cardinals to keep on paying me. I wanna make them feel that great. And also because I don't wanna do a single recruiting trip. I don't wanna deal with NIL, I don't wanna have to talk to any of the parents. Like I just wanna be in the lab and work with this kid Caleb Williams and drop a ball. So he spent the year, it was almost like a year of sabbatical, but also coaching Caleb, drawing up plays, watching film, and to not have the responsibilities of, all right, I gotta convince this kid to come here.


So he so Got his QB coach Mojo back, no Doubt. And then he gets this kid Jaden and it's like originally their plan. And Adam Peters is the man who's their new GM came from San Francisco but was with Denver, new England. Their plan was let's get one of the rookie quarterbacks. Ideally it's, it's gonna be Jayden. If it's not, maybe Drake may beats him out in the draft process. Fine. Jayden was the guy and let's surround him with like really good veteran dudes. So Zach Ertz. Yeah, Austin Eckler, Bobby Wagner, Frankie Luvo. And then they wanted, darn at first, I know they entertained Darn to be the then darn got paid a ton of money to come to the Vikings. Yeah. So it's like, all right, Mariota iss a great dude and he was a number two overall pick and he was a Heisman winner and he is been through everything.


Let's have him in the building. So like it's this amazing quarterback, this young guy, but surrounding him with the right veteran leaders and the right voices and the right coaching staff, everything has clicked. And I think they're not even, they haven't even unleashed Jayden to do what he can do athletically yet. But Nobody doubted that talent. It was a durability thing with him. That was what I was worried. Fair. And that's still my, As you know, I threw myself into that draft and it was like he clearly has talent. He's older, no doubt. And I'm really worried he's gonna get hurt. And when I watch him even now lighting it up, I'm still worried he was going against, you know, some shit defenses. No, This is the first big test. Yeah. They, they put up 114 points against since the Arizona and Cleveland. Who, and I don't think Miles Garrett was in that game.


Right. Or if he was, he was hurt. I think he Was, I think he Was there last or he was like limping around maybe. I dunno. I think he played, But they, their offense, their first, his third down, his first four Games percentage, His first insane, the first Downs, their second, like the ball doesn't really touch the Field with him. No. And they throw it with, you know, it's the snapped count and then they go snap. And then it's two seconds out of his hands and it's all just this fast stuff. Now here's the crazy thing. His first four games as a pro completion percentage were better than any four game span that Drew Brees, Tom Brady or Peyton Manning had in their entire careers. But his first four games out of the game. But it's not like he's dinking dunking. No, no, no. He takes shots. He's going down. He'll go down field. Yeah, he's just accurate. And He's had moments.


That's Cincinnati game. It's a big victory lap for Van Lathan. He's been calling this for, he has Like, he's been big on LC. He was big on Brian Thomas. He guy's fucking amazing. Yeah. He was like, both of these guys are gonna be amazing. They're playing Baltimore amazing game. They're Playing Baltimore and Baltimore is 29th against the pass. And it just feels like a nice spot for him. They're not gonna be able to run the ball in Baltimore anyway. Probably. Burrow just threw for 3 92 and five touchdowns and those Guys were open the whole game. Yeah. And they were just touchdown, touchdown, touchdown, touchdown, touchdown. All right, we'll get back to that 'cause I'm keeping you for million dollar picks. Last question. The five best teams in the league right now. Ooh. Power rankings. We know it's Casey is one. They have to be, yeah.


Even with fucking Ju Schuster who the, the Pats waved on like August 9th. They're like so funny. This guy catches on eight targets. Casey has to be one. I think Detroit has to be two. Fair. Because of how good their offense Was. Well we just saw the offense for the first time last week. Like that's the offense we wanted to see. But the thing is, they hadn't done anything the first four weeks. Their last game was when they exploded and it was like, all right, that's the team. But they were kind of showing us the, I mean they ran like 155 plays no doubt in the two. They just, something wasn't tra and then finally they figured it out. Yeah. And they, But I always believed in the infrastructure. So they have to be two is Minnesota, three Vikings fans are very sensitive because they're not getting their flowers.


They still think they're, Well they have, they've had two games in a row where they built up a lead this game and then held on and darn who, I don't know if he got hurt in the first quarter, but he was genuinely bad for the last two hours. Yeah. I think he got hurt Jet game. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Even so like the Announcing didn't bring it up. You have Thoughts of Sam Darn in his previous stops and it's like hard for you as a mentally capable fan watching football to be like, yep, Sam Dar is great again. Like you've seen Sam Dar Yeah. Do the dip. So everyone's just kinda waiting and seeing they get the dog When the guy's rolling around and and being helped off and then comes back in and is sailing passes. My instinct is he might be hurt potentially did not come up during the broadcast.


I have them three outta respect to the five outta respect and the defense outta and the fact that they built big leads and I think every game, yeah, I think they've been up double digits and every game they played. Yeah. Baltimore. I don't feel awesome about it, but I think they have to be four even though I think you can throw on them and it's gonna be a real problem for them at some point. The Baltimore we saw against Buffalo is the best team in all of football right now. Both sides of the ball. Unfortunately they haven't put that together in any of these games. Like Right. The offense wasn't clicking. That's first time. That's a good point. That game they played. So that game they played was probably the best game anyone played this season. A hundred percent. Yeah, I agree with that. On Prime time.


And it was unstoppable with Derrick Henry from an 87 yard run to the start to the rest. And then last week the offense didn't stop. But all of a sudden Zach Orr, 3-year-old defensive coordinator, there's questions and now they're bringing in Dean Pease who's been with the Patriots and they're like a little help here because it can't be our Achilles seal. This is the Ravens. We can't be giving up that many yards on offense. Well my question is, maybe if you have two good receivers, they're just not gonna be able to cover them. So do you go and get Devonte Adams? If You're who? If you're the Baltimore Ravens, if you think you're good and your offense is gonna score out, but your defense might not Get, I would get a D back. I don't think they need receivers. You know, because that's the take. It's like they, they're playing great offense.


Can I give a take? Yeah. I don't know if I've given my Devonte Adams, take that camera. Let's Go. He's washed. Woo. A take. He's washed. I think he's also, I I dont think he had open anymore. Where are the plays of him wide open. He Hasn't played, he's got the hamstring injury, but I, He wasn't, they, there was like two plays last year where he was open and the Netflix thing, it was like, oh, I'm so tired of this. It was like They had this amazing win two weeks ago and everyone in the building is feeling good. They're too two, he comes in on Monday and he sits down with Antonio. Pearson is like, I wanna be traded to a contender. And it's like, Yeah, we're two and two. We're we're paying you a ton of money. We're doing What? So I think in his head, maybe his agent head and all the media that covers it, like there was gonna be a line 40 deep for his services.


Well then the reports were 24 to 48 hours into this week, he'll be traded to the Jets. Well that hasn't happened. We're now on Thursday. Like It's like a fourth round pick for him. Right. So now the, because you gotta take the money. Well I think they want a second round if you're gonna even get it. There's no way. No one's trading a second round pick for a 3-year-old receiver who have to pay $13 million the rest of the way. I, it's weird. We don't think of football like in basketball, we're always using the history as a track record. Yeah. And in football it's like once a receiver's about to hit their, that 33 to 36 range, I'm out. It's really tough. Like Prove to me you can still be good at that point. You know, like you look at it's like point guards in the NBA when they hit like 35. It's like, I'm year to year with you from this point on. No doubt we have no track record. No doubt. You look at like, like, you know, Julio Jones was bouncing around the last four years of his career.


Right. He's still one of the greatest ever. Julio Jones Is a good example, but Like I don't think Adams is at that point yet. I think he still has a couple years of, of great football and would be a top 10 wide receiver. But great at that, at that number Top 10 wide receiver at that number. No. Yeah, he, I don't see that at all. He's been good. I mean he had 113 yards or something against the Raven Side. I always thought he was like, he was never totally open but always just enough and could catch anything. Well the excuse Was Jimmy G couldn't hit him. And then Aiden Connell. Aiden O'Connell's on the guy. So he still hasn't had that, you know, opportunity with whoever the quarterback is. No, but but you comparing him to somebody like Nico Collins. No. Like that dude's fucking wide open four times game. No Doubt. No doubt. Although now he's hurt. All right. So Baltimore four, I think they need to get a cornerback.


I don't know what, what's the trade deadline like week eight, week nine? Yeah, A couple weeks. Yeah. After Halloween. I Think. So for the fifth spot the nominees are, I'll go. Yeah, lemme hear you. And I'll scattered around. You could talk me into Washington. Yep. You could talk me into Buffalo. I I wouldn't be happy about it. You could talk me into the two and three Niners. Talk me into Green Bay or Houston. Okay. And I have a team that I have in the five spot, but that, that's how That I would say Houston. So I have Houston as my number five Complete all three facets. They had one bad loss to a Viking team that came in and just, it was red hot, whatever. But teams. But when you Say they can't block, No but they've be But Is mix Hurt.


Right. And mixing they can Makers is not gonna say Yeah, they're not the Houston team that maybe they're gonna be in week 11. No Doubt. And I was skeptical on the Texans this year. I thought that they would take a step back. The book was out on them and a little bit of it was, all right, you bring in digs and Hunter and the whole deal, we're gonna do flips. And they have proven me wrong. I think they're very good. So I was not skeptical and I'm over, I'm over committed on Texan's features. Yeah. STRs been amazing. He's Unbelievable. St. STR was so good last week and I don't, I don't even think like they can't block. Collins got hurt with like two hours left in that game the other day. But STR has over and over again been able to make a play with play the need The fourth quarter and he's like quarter. I think he's the best. He doesn't even celebrate quarter.


He's Been the best quarterback in the league. Right. So this Is a good debate. And I Mean Daniels you could say, but I wanna see him against a really good Team as an avid listener. No one loves doing MVP talk in October more than You. I don't wanna do the MVP talk. I'm just saying like quarterback Lamar has been unbelievable. Mahomes have been very good. Yeah, Lamar has been really good. You're right. Daniels and Stroud, those are your four. Daniels has been so good. Yeah, it's probably Lamar one A, Stroud one B. I just feel like Stroud's doing more with less. He's had no running game at all. Yeah, no, I And He got what he, he didn't have Collins for the last two hours of the last game and Then Dig stepped up last week last you did six catches, 80 yards. Everyone's like, what's gonna Be there?


They're a dangerous spot with the Pats this week, The let down game. It's, there's seven point favorites. Yeah. Right. That's been the DE seven and up has been the death number for every favorite this year. Drake May 1st game the Pats fans who were like completely out on this team. Yeah. Now there's like Drake maba that on nothing To lose. Yeah. Like if I tell Kyle you're not invited for Drake May's first game, I honestly think that would be it. I don't know if we'd he'd ever talk to me again. That's it. Yeah. Okay. But instead I'm gonna tell him Joe House is gonna be there and I'll make my mom cook. Kyle, you'll Be back or? Yeah. My mom's cooking for Drake May's first game. So we have Houston fifth, but I don't feel great about it.


I think Green Bay, I was at that game last week. That was a gritty win for them. We went to Rams Packers. Yeah. I could see them stealing a spot at some point, but at the same time, I don't know why that game was so hard to win. It was A hard fought, tough win. They threw the game away with the pick six and then someone was like, well actually good play by love. I'm like, I don't know. That was a bad loss. If they had lost that, they found a way to win. I think that's important. Like find a way to win. That's good. And the Rams might be done, they're one in four. I don't know that, that, that goose might be cooked. I mean they should be own five. That was a crazy win against San Francisco. If that fake punt doesn't work, I know they're on five. Yeah, sometimes it's not your year. You know when you, when you have a team built around two star receivers and neither of them play, I know.


Might not be your year. I know. You don't think there's, oh, you're, every time you get aggregated, every time you have a Ram's opinion, I think let's, There's no Stafford. Oh, trade possibilities are there. I Don't think so. No. I, bi week, let's see, they come out of this thing. But Stafford, When is the bye week right Now? This week. Oh yeah, you're right. Stafford and Cup are two names that you keep Coming up and seeing. I think McVey is committed to both of those guys for this season. We'll see if the, if the wins have change occur, if there's more losses on the docket they want. Well, staffer thing is also like They won a Super Bowl, they did it. So when you win a Super Bowl, they did it.


That makes all of these decisions a lot easier. And I look at the cup thing, 'cause I said it on somewhere, I said, you know, when the Chiefs were looking for a year, I'm like, you should call about cups. Everyone thought I was like McVay's voice box saying someone asked about Cup. I'm just looking at the money that Cooper Cup is making. The guy can still play. And if there's so many teams that are wide receiver hungry, whether it be the Kansas City Chiefs who are relying on Juju and Justin Watson right now, or the Buffalo Bills who look at themselves as a Super Bowl contender, but have Keon Coleman and Matt Collins. I kinda like K Coleman. Yeah, I Do too. If it's a rookie, It falls apart when it's Matt Collins running 40 yard. No doubt. Downfield, no doubt. And it's like if you're Washington and you're like, wait, we're better than we thought. But it's Terry McClure and Di Brown Cooper Cup fills a lot Of holes.


I was thinking about Washington for Cooper Cup. It'd be great. Yeah. So Cooper Cup, they're, he's on the trade block by any means. But like, I'm just thinking as a, you Can't rule out Dallas as a Wait, what did Dallas do? No doubt. No doubt. Yeah, no doubt. You know, would You rather Devonte Adams or Cooper Cup right now? A hundred percent Cooper Cup. It's not even close. Yeah. If you're the Steelers and you wanted Brandon iu, but you couldn't land Brandon IU at the end of the day, like, is Cooper Cup midseason for a second round pick? Not a great offer. I'm glad you brought them up. 'cause that's the team that needs a receiver release. No Doubt you watch that offense Because Pickens took last week off. And his, by the way, I picked them every week. A billion dollar picks not picking them this week. 'cause I was horrified by Pickens last week.


And His locker room stuff is like, well that's the game plan. Like, he's not like a thrilled guy. No, It it, that's your number One. Yeah. But as, as Craig Beck said, Tomlin just doesn't like nice things. He, he, he can't even feel until he's near 500. And that's, he's, He gotta get back to the mean Yeah, he's gotta get back to the mean before. There're Too many games above 500. We had to, yeah. All right, we're gonna take one more break and then do million dollar picks. Let's do it.


This episode is brought to you by LinkedIn. As a small business owner, every new hire added to your team needs to make an immediate impact. Think of CJ Stroud in his rookie year, how he transformed the Texans with limited hiring resources. You don't have the luxury of getting it wrong. you need to feel confident that your candidate is going to perform when the game is on the line. With LinkedIn Jobs, you can, as the world's largest professional network, LinkedIn gives you access to more than a billion professionals. With the unique skills and experience you need, chances are your next standout star is one of them. A qualified candidate ready to put in the work that makes an immediate impact on your business. On LinkedIn, 86% of small businesses get a qualified candidate within 24 hours. So hire professionals like a professional on LinkedIn. Hire the right person for your role and post your job for free. Go to LinkedIn dot com slash simmons. That's LinkedIn dot com slash simmons to post your job for free terms and conditions apply.


This episode is brought to you by old El Paso. Does game day hosting feel like an extreme sport? Not anymore. With old El Paso, feeding your hungry crowd is oh so easy. Old El Paso's crunchy stand and stuffed shells, bold seasonings and squeezable sauces are fumble free, flavor packed and perfect for cheering on your team. Football season is taco season with old El Paso. Level up your next Tailgater Watch Party. Shop Game Day essentials@oldelpaso.com.


All right, we're gonna do a million dollar picks for week six. We actually got kind of worked last week. We lost $595,000 and I still feel good about all the picks. I gotta be honest, even after down 3 98 for the season, that's not why House isn't on this week. I'm in New York City. I was gonna say it's just easier to do this all at once. But yeah, we like, we had the Packers over 26 and a half. I wanted to take the Packers just to win. They somehow only scored 24 against the Rams, but they won. We had the Steelers. All they have to do is just stop Dallas on the last drive of the game somehow Dallas goes 15. So I kind of like the picks, but by the way, I wanna give you credit. You and Sal, that was amazing that you guys stayed up to the last snap of that one.


Oh my God. And I had to, I had to get up early next day, take Dicks. He doing this. I'm like, how I, I was like, how am I doing this Heroic? I'm old. So million dollar pixel. I actually kind of like this week I wanna go through some of the games and I'll give you veto power if something horrifies you. The first one is the Bears in London and I, this would violate a Don't be on the one again. You've always said that. We did win isn't in your manifest though. We won the bikes last week though. Okay. Against the Jets. Had to sweat it out. But the Bears are only one and a half in London against the Jags Favorites. I'll give you a little wrinkle here. Well, the things that worry me about the Jags, they might have found something with Bigsby.


Oh, tank is good. And it and et N's hurt and I don't know if he's playing or not, but Bigsbys like I know he is a big Kyle brand angry run guy. Yeah. But I, so the fear of going against them is that he's giving them an identity. Lawrence is three in London. In London. I'm willing to just punt on this, but what do, what do you think about this game? Little Stuff that may play into a point, spread change or whatever. The Bears got out there yesterday. They're settled, they're ready to go. They're gonna play, they've got all their fans there. Peanut tillman's there doing a fan rally. The whole thing. Jaguars were supposed to fly out today, flight delayed several hours because of the hurricane. Oh no. All sorts of travel issues. And they've gotta be there for two straight weeks.


So I, I don't know how that plays into it, but all they do is talk about body rhythm and everything needs to be set hour to hour on these London trips. And it's been, you know, sleep science experts and they had a nice little curve ball to start their two week sonder to London. So I don't know if that helps Jaguars at all. Well the question for me is do Jags have the pats next week? Could the Jags be three and four leaving London and wear all back in on the tracks? Absolutely. It's possible. Could the Jags be one in six leaving London? Absolutely. And it's like, and guess who's not getting on the plane with the Jack Doug Peterson pitching a ride. I just dunno what to expect. Here's the thing with the Bears defense has been like shockingly good. They've got good players on defense. There's, have you heard about this thing called havoc rate?


No. What? It's havoc rate. Havoc rate. I shouldn't laugh at it. I know it's probably being used by the teams and I said no. It's like I'm dismissive happy. Great. No, it's good. So as you know, I'm, whose thing is it? As you know there's some I I'm not a win probability guy. There's some stupid ones. This is Warren Sharp. Had this actually shout out to Warren. Did He create it or he takes it from someone Else? I just saw it on his Twitter feed. Okay. But rate of plays for sacks. Forced fumbles, interceptions, TLS and ps. So it's opportunistic team that capitalize on the opportunities. Yeah. Good defensive things. Additive, defensive things. Okay. Our top five is the Giants. All Right. The Browns, which shocked me. Okay. Vikings 49 ERs bears.


Okay. Number five. And that kind of backs up what I'm watching with the eye test. Like they're better in the second half than the first half. I think they're like plus 31 in the second half. Yeah. And it feels like they're getting a little bit better each week. I dunno if that's competition or not, but I, one of the things I love about this for them is the Jags defense 32nd against the pass. Yeah. I mean They just 31st yards per play Just gave 24 straight points to fla 31st turnovers. They 30th on third down. It's like another nice Caleb spot. So I wonder if this is like one more awesome Caleb week followed by The NFC north schedule. Coming up. Yeah. Yeah. So you like Bears minus well now yeah, let's Do it.


Okay. Jaguars are historically good in London with Trevor Lawrence though. That's the only thing. But I don't know man. Be fun to root for. Let's go Bears. So there's one other one that I kind of like for this. The Jaguars first half Chicago for the game is plus seven 50. Oh wow. So Jaguars are leading the Bears come back. So come backs and then the bears come back. I'm not gonna do it, but I, that jumped out to me. All right. Next one. Lions minus three in Dallas. Okay. Lions have not think the lion won in Dallas since 2011. Seven straight. Right. Cowboys Wins And the Lions are a little bit public. No, Lawrence. Yeah. Parsons maybe iffy even if, if they have him.


He is Dallas. This is a weird one. Dallas is second passing 31st running Detroit's 27th against the pass, fourth against the run. Hmm. So you could say that's good for Dallas or that's terrible for Dallas. I just think they're gonna throw the whole time. That guy Jalen Tolbert, I picked up in everything. He, he was really good by the way. That touchdown catch you made was a great catch. Tough Fourth. Fourth down. Great. Detroit's sixth running and Dallas's defense is 24th against the run here. Here's where I've landed on this one. So Dallas gave up 72 to New Orleans and Baltimore. It's nuts.


Then they gave up 49 in Cleveland, new Orleans or, or Cleveland, Pittsburgh and the Giants. Yeah. Those are bad offenses. I think if you have a good offense you can move the ball up and down all day on Dallas. Yeah. Mike Zimmer after like four weeks we're like, what the hell is this? And then they put the clamps on the Giants then it's on the Steelers. Yeah. It's In their buildings. I like the fact they did it in the road, but you're right, there's so many injuries you're banking on guys that we're not familiar with and even, I Don't know, even s was like, I don't know who half these dudes are. So they go against the Steelers Who? Najee Harrison and that's it. They have the nothing fourth four string guy is getting reps for them. Friar Pickens and that's it. Friar Moth over the middle. That's it. There's a two hour lightning delay or a break.


No doubt. It was a fluky game. And I think, I think this line should be higher. I think the Lions played an awesome game the last time we saw them. Yeah. And it's like this is what they were expected to be. Their offense was pouring it on and they got the buy, they got healthy. I like the lions. They can probably top three or four offensive line, no Doubt. A ball in offensive Line. Probably top three or four weapons. A hundred percent. It's indoors. I really like the lions. I, I just think this lion should be like lions by four and a half. The only thing that scares me is it's too obvious. Maybe Dak keeps the cowboys around. Sure. Maybe he's just flinging the ball. He was great on Sunday night. He Was, when it mattered. He did have turnovers in the fumble and the whole thing.


Yeah, true. Good point. Washington is plus six and a half. Is This the game of the week Baltimore or or do you go Dallas, Detroit. What game are you more excited for? Baltimore, Washington. I'm more excited for Washington Ravens 'cause I think it could be be That's pretty cool. And it's funny the over is over 50, which is always, always a red flag's. That means everyone's assuming it's gonna be 37, 34 and it probably won't be. I Had a interesting conversation with Scott Van Pelt of ES, ESPN because he's like this DC Maryland. I said, is this a rivalry game or not? And I'd love to hear house's thoughts like, yeah, No it's, it's, it's Not at all rivalry. It's a should be a rivalry game. It's not at all rivalry. Yeah, it's not a rivalry at All. Two franchises have only played seven times. Yeah. They've never really been good at the same Time. Never been good at the same time. And like Colts fans from the Baltimore years of the cults like maybe had issues with the red that's from the eighties and the seventies.


So like this is this whole battle of the beltway. Yeah, sure. But it's not like this like rich rivalry between the two franchises. Right. Well Baltimore's Defense gave up 90 against Mahomes, Dak and Burrow. I know. But then you could say, well they only give up 10 to Josh Allen. That was a weird game. And I'm not sure the, the bills are meant to play from behind like that with the receivers they have. Yeah. That again, that's the best I've seen any team play on Sunday night. Yeah, they just blew 'em out. Do they bring that version or are they the version that Joe Burrow and Jamar Chase are going for? 200 Ravens defense Woeful 31st against the Pass. They've given up 25.2 points a game bottom eight in the red zone.


Good against the run. I'm not sure that matters with Washington. So the question for me is, could Washington win the game? I think they could. Yes. If Washington's down double figures in the second half, could they get a garbage time touchdown? Yes. Yes. I don't know why this line's six and a half. Is It six and a half? I think it's just the experience and the lack of competition against Washington. No one's seen, the Commanders haven't played a powerhouse team yet. So the flip side is, it's like the Casey New Orleans game on Monday night. We're like, that's too many points. I'm taking New Orleans. And then Casey's like, we're just gonna Yes, Casey the shit out of the steam, their car Gets hard because Lamar's playing amazing right now. Yeah. So could they be up 10? They have the ball and they have an eight minute drive to close the game. Sure.


But I think Washington could win the game and I think it's too many points. I think it's gonna be a fun game. I think it's gonna be close. Feels like A three point game. I think It's gonna be close. Next one is Chargers Broncos. This is in Denver. We should mention you love, you love champagne. I Said it before this season on this podcast. I said I don't know how, I don't know where it's coming from. They're a playoff team. I got mocked after they were ING two. They look horrible against the Jets on offense. Owen. I didn't realize that Vance Joseph's defense was gonna be like the 76 Steelers. They're the best defense in football right now. And Ctan and this Riley Moss might be the best cornerback duo. They're unbelievable. And however they make it work, they figure it out. Denver, they're legit Opponents.


Third yards per play. That's how good Denver's been. Yeah. Their offense scored 15 points against Pittsburgh and the Jets combined. I know, But it's getting be, I mean any rookie quarterback getting better Harbaugh off a bye. Okay. Chargers team that in week four just had a shitload of injuries. Yeah. Missing both tackles. James was suspended, Herbert was hurt. It had a shot. I was at that game too. Charges Chase and they hung around fourth, Fourth quarter they go for it on the fourth down, which it was 10 10 they didn't need to. And then the chief snuck one out of there. So the chargers are favored by two and a half in this game. And the instinct would be like Denver's, whoa that I gotta take the home dog.


I really like the Chargers. Do you? I do. Here's why. Herbert best player in the field. It's gonna be ugly. 10 to 10, 10, 7, 13, 10. But I'm willing to be talked out of it. Yeah. I I just think that defense is is outstanding right now and Nicks is getting better every week and I feel like there's a good vibe and good juice with the Broncos and they're playing at home Right? Yeah. So you would stay away. I Would stay away but what do I know? You know what's Ing up for my analysis? No, but you know what's interesting about this one? The defense Is so good and like Lad McConkey had one of the great touchdown catches of the year against the chiefs in the back of the end and they totally forgot to go to him. And it's like, I don't know if they're utilizing Herbert even in a way that's beneficial because he hasn't had this.


I thought with Harbaugh I was gonna be this. Well Palmer was hurt, Palmer was Hurt. Now Palmer's back. Sure. Yeah I know. I'm waiting to see this Greg Roman Harbaugh offense that everyone's marveling about. Down, down On the down on that, Down down on the Chargers. Can I give you the LA defensive stats? Yes. They've allowed 50 points total this season. No they're very good in Vegas, Carolina, Pittsburgh and kc. So why is Denver gonna move the ball on them at all? They Might not. They might not. I think their defense is very opportunistic and they'll do what they've done all season. I like it at minus two and a half. I don't like it at minus three. And I think this Denver team, if we're just gonna go backwards, the Jets game was absolutely stupid.


The weather was awful and they played like shit And if the Jets just make a field goal, they lose. And last week they're down 10 nothing to the Raiders early. And it's her tan gets to pick six And Minsu throws just a horrible pat running to his left just wings. It loses his job. So now I have to be excited about Denver. maybe Maybe, this is the week they come back to the Yeah sure I might do it. I might not listen to you. Sean Peyton I Trust. I know you trust dance Joseph. I trust I have the Broncos over I'm I'm also in on Sean Payton. But they were, they were over with five. Those uniforms look great. Love Those old school unis. It was funny when everyone misidentified the seventies Broncos thing as a John O way. It's Come on guys. No, no guys, that's all trash. I know I'm old but come on guys.


You're right on. It was was the 77 team. They were honored. Come on. And everyone's like, oh John Got That Water. I'm three. Come on guys, Let's see that Water guys. Let's do better. Just quickly. Colts Titans, Colts favorite still one and a half in Tennessee. Stay away. It's a stay away. And I think Tennessee South. I have no idea. How about both Souther stay aways? So stay away. All of 'em. I don't this line it didn't add up to me Though. What's the Saints, what's Spencer Rattler, what do we got with that one? Well That's coming but Pitman's out. Yeah. Flaco. No they Came back. They do what they do. They come all the way back. But they, you know they, they won that game and then they, you know they, they didn't, that didn't make sense. Here's one. They were almost gonna win that game but they couldn't put it Away.


You're not gonna believe I like this one but here Giants plus three and a half against Cincy Angles. Yeah The Giants start out, they lose 28 6 to Minnesota, they lose by three to Washington a game that they probably win with a field goal kicker. And you look back and you're like pretty good game. Graham Gau gets hurt on a kickoff. They beat the Browns 2115 but it was really 28 to 15 single. Terry was going in for a touchdown and fell down. So that was a Blowout. That was the neighbors game. He went nuts. They Lose to Dallas 2015 on a Thursday night in a game they easily could have won. Neighbors gets concussed right at the end and they played fucking awesome. They were so good against Seattle Lessons against the Seahawks.


So good. And now they're playing the sensei team that remember the havoc rate from Before. Tell me what 30 seconds. They suck at Havoc. Terrible havoc rate. They're terrible at Havoc. And then you know Giants defense. Yeah The Thito stuff is concerning Neighbors. We're not sure what he's gonna do. Like those are but Dexter Lawrence is playing as good as any defensive player in football This year. They're in the top half of the league. Shane scoring Shane Bowen, That Scoring third coordinator down first down passing arts. He's not getting buzzed yet. As a head coach, Shane Bowen, the defense for the Giants has been outstanding this year. The Bengals defense literally at everything is bottom three. It's so confounding. It's a lot of the same guys. Yeah. Luann and Ramo. Iss a great defensive coach. Like it doesn't make sense and they cannot stop Anything. How about they have nothing. They have no players.


So 30th rushing, 30th against Rush. I feel like the Giants, I don't know Tyrone, Tracy. This line feels a point too high to me. And I like the Giants. It's funny, it's like we freak out. They lost 28 6 at home. They got booed in their home opener because they're wearing, And it turned out Minnesota, we had them number three in Our list and Minnesota's five and oh and like a very good team and Van Kinkle doing pick sixes against the Jets also. And if the Giants come outta this thing and they're three wins and four losses, it's like, all right, they're good team. They're fine. And dimes Look good. The last two weeks back it's been pretty consistent. Dimes is back. I'm buying Dime stock. Happy For Dimes. Well I have one more that I like, but we're staying away from Steelers, Raiders, Texans, pats the NFC South, the two Falcons Panthers, buck Saint some out.


Yeah. Did you see Card to Rattlers swung the line by six Points. Points, yeah. Seemed aggressive. It seemed like a lot. Are We sure he car is worth six points to a spread? No doubt. Yeah. I was surprised. Also. Bucks minus three and a half in New Orleans. That's a fucking stay away. But the Bucks have been there since Monday. I it Bucks flew out 'cause of the hurricane. Like Right. You Know, I talked to my friend who works with the Bucks. I'm like, is your house all right in Tampa? He is like, I think so. He is like, I'm currently at Dave and Busters for the third straight day with my kids in New Orleans. Like that's like a full Camping trip. They're on Eagles minus eight and a half or now it's up to nine and a half against Cleveland. I'm staying away. Phil should not be favored by that many against anything. I don't buy. Do they rally? I don't know. And Packers', Cardinals.


That's a fun game. It's in the Vegas zone. It's five and a half. I'm out. Yeah. I don't, I don't trust either team. So then the last game we, we started the podcast with Bill's, jets. Jets Plus two and a half. Are you around Monday? Come with me to that. Let's go To that. I'm, I'm long gone. You long gone. You wanna see me again? The only thing that scares me about this is, well really nothing new Coach theory. But the Buffalo's defense, they suck against the run and the Jets are last against the run. Yeah, but the Jet Big. Yeah, the Jets, this is the week they get the run game. Right. And Downing's coming in. He is gonna make a statement. It's gonna be, we're gonna show you that we still have a great running game and like I have these two running backs, we're gonna use them. So would you go plus two and a half or would you just do Jets money line plus one 20?


I Would do the latter. That's just the Jets are gonna win. Okay. I might add Again, narrative guy. I really like the Plus two. It's not my money. Plus Two and a half though. I'm getting two extra points. Sure, go for it. Last thing before we do million dollar picks. I'm just gonna throw this at here. Okay. They have a little 30% profit boost token for Okay. For a touchdown. All right. Anytime. Touchdown in a game. Terry McClure plus one 70. What are your thoughts? I Like it. Who would you, who would you go for a touchdown if not him? Anyone in the league? Yeah. Tucker Craft. Tucker Craft Against the Cardinals. Let's, let's, let's look up Our guy Jordan. Loves Guy. Let's Look up our guy. Tucker Craft.


Jordan Love went to him in every big moment last week. Tucker Craft only two to one. Everyone there's been terrible action. Alright, back to McClure. McCluen. Alright, McClaren. So we'll, we'll throw a little on him. Plus one 70. All right. Filling in for Joe House this week. 'cause we're in New York City. Our guy Peter Schrager, let's go. So much success over the years. Week. $6 million picks. We are down $398,000 for the season. We're about to change that. Let's go. We're putting 200,000 on the following Bears minus one and a half in London against the Jags. Okay. You're believing in Caleb Williams? Yeah, yeah, Yeah.


I like it. You Like the bears? The I I'm also like Jags weird travel stuff. I don't like that. Yeah. Okay. The C words getting six and a half against Baltimore. We think this is a three point game. They might win it outright and even if it goes badly, cheap touchdown time. No doubt. Washington plus six and a half. This is the only one you didn't like. So we'll see if you were right or wrong. Chargers minus two and a half in Denver. Here's my case. I just think Denver's offense will not be able to move the ball at all against the Chargers. Harbaugh, Peyton coaches cancel out and I got Bo Nicks against Justin Herbert. And I think the Chargers need the game.


It's Fair Also, Broncos beat the Jets by one and they win Last that stupid game last week. They Played well. Defense is amazing. Gardner Minchi was just fun. Just whipping it to the other team. Lions, Cowboys Lions. Lions is three in Dallas. Sorry Sal. I think this Lion's gonna be four and a half by game time. We're grabbing it now. Lions Off a bye. And then we're taking both New York teams. 'cause it's the week in New York sports. This Is, no, it's also your week in New York. It's important. Well, it's my week in New York. The Mets, the Yankees. The Liberty. The Liberty. It's Liberty Game one, the Knicks. Just great stuff happening. Giants plus three and a half against a sensei defense that is potentially historically Bad.


Yeah. Which is Shocking. And then Jets, we'll just take the points. The plus two and a half. Okay. Monday night against Buffalo. How does it feel to have a perfect slate? It it, it feels incredible. Let's win 200,000 on all those. And then last but not least, little FanDuel profit Boost token. Yeah. 30% Terry McClarin plus one 70 to score in that crazy Baltimore Washington game that we feel like if it doesn't have a lot of points, we'll have fireworks. Yeah, it'll be fun. Yeah. Not a rivalry game. Those are the million dollar picks. Yeah. Four week six Peter Schrager. Man, that was fun, man. We just did, we just did almost two hours. It was great. And you did TV in the morning, didn't you?


Yeah. How tired are you? Great. I love this. I'm energized. Do you, do you feel the energy in New York though, like I'm having mean it's pretty great. Not only the energy in New York, but the energy when we're face to face. I love this. This is so much fun in person. It's so good. I feel like I'm, I feel like I'm on the Good Morning football, which you've never invited me on. You want to come on? It's here all week. I yeah, could've. Come on. Wanna come on. Coulda. Come on. I would've worn a tank top for Kyle. That's it. Exactly. Done A quick couple pushups and got It in there. That's good. Kyle, I don't know if you heard over the top, but some people were saying it for me and Kyle. It was probably our best bad movie that we've done. I've heard a lot of positivity, A lot of bull hurly love. Lot of bull hurly love. That's fair. All right. Shakes, great to see you man. Thank you for having me. It was great. That's it for the podcast. Thanks to Peter Schrager.


Thanks to Sean Fantasy. Thanks to Kyle Creighton and Steve Saru as well. I will see you on this podcast on Sunday. Don't forget about the re watchable Pulled guys. One up Monday night. Enjoy the weekend. See you soon.


Must be 21 plus in President select states for Kansas and affiliation with Kansas Star Casino or 18 plus in President dc. Gambling problem, call 100 gambler. Visit rg-help.com. Call 1 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org/chat in Connecticut. Or visit md gambling help.org in Maryland. Hope is here. Visit gambling helpline ma.org or call 803 2 7 50 50 for twenty four seven. Support Massachusetts. Or call 1 8 7 7 8 Hope ny. Or text Hope NY in New York.