
You're listening and watching The Bill Simmons Podcast presented by FanDuel our friends America's number one sports book. And they've made it easier than ever to get in on the action during an NBA playoff game. Even after Tip off. Just look for the live SGP tab on the FanDuel sportsbook app and build your own bet slip and sit back, relax, track the outcome of your parlay right in the app. And if You don't already have it, download the FanDuel app today to make every moment more The Ringer is committed to responsible gaming. Please visit rg help.com to learn more about the resources and helplines available. And listen to the end of the episode for additional details. Must be 21 plus on President select states game prom. Call one GAMBLER. Visit rg help com. Coming up KC Minnesota, game two plus. Jon Stewart on the Knicks in Life. Next.


This episode is brought to you by Uber Eats. Summer is almost here and you can now get almost anything you need for your sunny days delivered Uber Eats. What do we mean by almost? Well, you can't get a well groomed lawn delivered, but you can get chicken Parmesan delivered. A cabana. That's a no. A banana, that's a yes. A nice tan. Sorry. No, but a box fan. Happily yes. A day of sunshine. Nope. A box of fine wines. Yeah, Uber Eats can definitely get you that get almost, almost anything delivered with Uber Eats. Order Now, alcohol and Select Markets. Product availability may vary by Region C App for details.


We're also brought to you by The Ringer Podcast Network where I put up a new rewatch balls on Monday night. We did Close Encounters of the Third Kind. It is the third installment of Big Ass seventies Month. It lasts. One will be on Monday night. We are doing Heaven Can Wait a beloved movie for a lot of us with Warren Beatty and Julie Crystal. So you have five days to watch that. You can watch all the re watchable episodes as video podcasts on Spotify as on our Ringer Movies, YouTube channel, or wherever you get your podcasts. So stay tuned for that Coming up on this podcast, A long, long conversation with the one and only Jon Stewart because, and it's weird 'cause I scheduled it before.


We knew that the Knicks were gonna have a calamitous game one loss, but we talked about the Knicks and New York sports. We talked about his career, we talked about everything going on in the country, the Mets, you name it, we talked about it. It's a long, long convo. So I wanted to run that as you know, the majority of the podcast. But wanted to put a little something at the top after watching OKC, Minnesota Game two. So we're gonna talk about that right after Pearl Jab. And then a lot of Jon Stewart. It's all next. Let's bring in our guys Pearl Jab.


All right. Recorded in this part of the podcast a little after eight 30, right after game two OKC, Minnesota, OKC, throttles, Minnesota. And I gotta be honest, I'm a little concerned. I'm a little concerned for the rest of the playoffs because it feels like OKC, who is already a great team who was already 68 and 14 during this season. They had, they were plus 12.6 point differential in the playoffs. They're plus 14. I mean, we had lots of reasons to already be concerned that they were gonna rip through the playoffs. It be a juggernaut, the Denver series going seven, maybe open the window to, huh, maybe minute. No, their defense is just too good.


This is, this is turning into some 2000 Ravens kind of stuff. Football analogy, 89 Pistons, which was a totally different team because they, you know, they, they were really built around the nine man concept. They didn't have the true superstar as great as Isaiah was. This team is built around SGA who just scores between 30 and 40 points a game. No matter what the defense is doing. How many guys you, they're throwing traps, 45, 45 feet from the basket. Doesn't matter. He is still getting in the basket. I think at 38 or 40 tonight. He was just fantastic. He's got this head to battle against Anthony Edwards, who everybody wants to be the future of the league.


'cause he is young, he's a little jordany, he's American. And SGA is just handing it to him in this series. Opponents in the playoffs are 40% field goal, 30% from three against them heading into this game. They had 18.3 turnovers, a game that they were forcing. And the defense is just so much better than anything anyone else is doing. We have four teams left and I just don't know if anybody can touch this team. Bandel doesn't think so either because they're minus three 10 to win the title. At this point, Indiana might be our only chance because they don't turn the ball over. They're built around their guards. They play this kind of funky pace that makes you come to what they wanna do and the pace they wanna play at.


And maybe they can mess, okay, C it, but honestly, I don't think it's gonna matter. This, we got to this case this point a little bit with the Celtics last year, where the math just becomes the math. If you have somebody that's winning 80% of their games, that's winning by between 10 and 15 points, a game that is deep and young and has defense and home court advantage to flip it on them is gonna be almost impossible. Which is why, you know, if there's a winner from these first two games, other than OKC and other than Indiana for the Comeback of the century yesterday, Denver's gotta be feeling better about everything that happened. You know, they take this crazy juggernaut of a team to seven and, and then get killed in game seven.


But just even winning three games off this team, when you don't have a bench, when you have four guys, it's kind of nuts in retrospect. OKC might only lose three games in this entire playoffs the way this is going. So there's 78 and 17 for the season right now. And if you go, historically, I did this last year 'cause it seemed like the Celtics had a chance to go 80 and 20 in this season. The Bulls were 87 and 13 in 1996. That is, that's the mark. I don't know if anyone's beating that in our lifetimes, Lakers and 72 were 81 and 15. The 97 Bulls were 84 and 17. 17 Golden State is 84 and 16, and then the 67 76 ERs were 79 and 17.


And this KC team right now is 78 and 1784 and 17 is in play. Which means they would basically force themselves into the all time conversation, even though we've been watching 'em going, I don't know, they're a little young, eh, Jalen Williams, good enough, second Banana. I don't know about these three point shooters. They're basically going to bulldoze their way into the all time conversation if this keeps going. And the thing that scares me, not just for the playoffs but for the history stuff, is that it feels like they're getting better. It feels like defensively, the whole flying around, like pit bulls thing now they're turning it on and off. You know, you in the second quarter that, by the way, I bet on Minnesota today, I thought Minnesota was gonna show up big time.


Scott Foster was there, the extender. I was just like, all right, this is all the makings of, whoa, I can't believe Minnesota tied the series. And in the second quarter they kept getting it to 1.2 point and OKC. They, they do that thing, they do, they get a stop, they get a basket, they get turnover, they get a basket, they get another stop ba and then it's a nine point game. You're like, what just happened? I was just talking myself into, into Minnesota being up at halftime and now they're down 10. What just happened? And I think OKC has more of those than any team I can remember. You know, we've, there's been some great defenses over the years and I, I still feel like the 90, the 90, the early nineties bulls and the 96 bulls and the 89 pistons, there was some, the oh four pistons were amazing.


This team has a really weird gear where all of a sudden they can go on an 8 0 10, oh run. And it feels like a fluke as it's happened. It's like, oh, that was a dumb pass. Ah, I can't believe he dribbled it off his foot like that. They, they forced these teams to have the dumbest turnovers. Teams are throwing terrible entry pad. There was a play, there was a sequence today where they tried to get the ball to Randall twice one time. Vincero just, just misses him by five feet. It was like an intercepted pass like in football. And then the other time he almost throws it away again. Like, teams can't even throw entry passes against these dudes. So the relentlessness of them is, is really something else. And you know, if they ended up sweeping the Timberwolves, that's usually a good sign for the finals too.


In, It lasts 10 years. The only team, there are five teams that had conference finals sweeps. Only the 2019 Warriors didn't go on to win the finals. And that clay gets hurt. The rank gets hurt. That was a stupid year for Minnesota. My only note, other than it feels like Randall got broken over, It lasts three halves. Not a good sign for them. And, and the fact that Nas Reed can't hit threes anymore for whatever reason, they missed a bunch of corner threes. I actually liked how patient Minnesota was today. And they just kept missing. Like those get over the hump rally threes from the corners. My biggest note for them, it's round three of the playoffs and you have an older team that's really physical.


Where's the physicality? Why aren't you trying to bang this team around? Why aren't you trying to turn this into like an eighties type of series? There was one play where McDaniel shoved SGA from behind and they, of course they had to review it 'cause God forbid you touch anyone. But I was like, why? Why isn't that happening more? Why aren't they talking shit? Where's Ant why isn't Ant talking shit? It's almost like he knows OOKC is better than him. So the one thing I wanna see from them in game three is like, go back to the Minnesota team. I remember that Minnesota team that even against like LeBron and the Lakers was talking, talking and talking the whole time. There's a chance Minnesota's just not that good and that they lucked out playing that weird Laker team round one.


And then Curry gets hurt in round two. Can't be ruled out. It did feel like they found something late with Ant and Reed and McDaniels and Alexander Walker and Conley, where they basically just put Gobert and Randall took 'em out and tried to match athletes with them. But that's not gonna work for four quarters. They have to go go bear going. They have to figure out how to get Randall into that 20 to 25 points again. But you know, again, this goes back to OKC as an answer for everything. They'll just put Lou do on you, they'll just put Carus on you. It just doesn't seem to matter. I I still feel like the Clippers in the West were the team that matched up the best with the OKC. And you know, I, this is the gonna be the playoffs that we look back and we're like, man, the playoffs were drunk that year.


There were so many weird crazy games. And one of them was at OKC, I'm sorry, the Equippers Denver game four that I went to, that I keep mentioning that ended with the Gordon oop dunk. And I still feel like the, the Clippers win that game. They're in the next round. And I think the Clippers OKC, that would've been the best chance I think anyone in the West would've had of beating them. And this is a conference that just had Denver take them, the seven. I think Indiana does have a chance. I don't think the Knicks with, you know, basically seven guys with the way that OKC would be able to just throw everybody at Brunson. They'd be able to attack towns. I think it would be really hard for the Knicks on both ends in a seven game series against them.


Indiana probably not easy either, but at least they could do the offense, you know, the run and shoot, try to try to mess 'em up and you know, maybe it's Indiana's playoffs. They've had three of the greatest comebacks in the history of the league. They had the single best Comeback win I've ever seen. I tweeted it right afterwards not knowing that. What was it one out of, it was the first out of 977 playoff games where somebody came back from that deficit with three minutes left. It felt that way watching it. I was like, I'm pretty sure I've never seen anything like this before. It's the knee Smith game. It's the Halliburton, the bounce.


Only the Kauai against Philly. I think a ball has ever bounced that high and gone in, in a key moment. Halliburton gives the choke sign, but then it's going to overtime. And it seems like that is the biggest, oh my God, that's gonna Comeback to haunt him. They didn't Comeback to haunt him. And then, you know, the other legacy of that game is how nervous the Knicks fans got. You can't blame 'em. They have won in titles since 73. But you could feel the nerves coming through the TV on the OG free throws and the towns free throws. So what's Friday night gonna be like? You know, it'll be a drunk nervous New York crowd. It'll be an Indiana crowd playing with house money. And I'm not sure it's gonna matter because it seems like OKC is just clearly the best team.


Sometimes that's the way it goes. We'll see. Can they be historically great? Can they finish 84 and 17 or 84 and 18? Could they walk among the gods? We're gonna find out Interesting basketball weekend ahead. And speaking of interesting, Jon Stewart is Coming up and we talked for 90 minutes and it was fantastic and I can't wait for you to listen to it. We're gonna have it right after this break.


FanDuel is still your buddy for the NBA playoffs right now. All customers can get a no sweat. Same game parlay every weekend when you bet the NBA playoffs. We have Eastern conference games, Western conference games this weekend. You can use your little special token on three plus leg. Same game parlay or same game Parlay Plus or any playoff game. You'll get bonus beds back if you don't win. So if you're feeling like this weekend, the Knicks aren't gonna bounce back that the Pacers snatched their soul bet on the Pacers game. Two. I'm looking at that Pacers game three. I think with the, with the over maybe on that Sunday Pacers win over, maybe throw in a couple of Halliburton threes. Whatever you wanna do, you, you come up with your own same game. Parley. There's no better place to bet it than America's number one sports book. Visit FanDuel dot com slash bs getting no sweat. Same game. Parlay every weekend of the NBA playoffs. FanDuel official sports betting partner of the NBA. You Must be 21 plus and President. Select states are 18 plus and president in DC Optum required minimum three Legg Parlay required refund issued as no drop bonus beds that expires seven days after receipt max refund $5 unless otherwise specified restrictions. Supply including token expiration seed terms@supportbook.field.com. Gambling problem called 100 GAMBLER. Visit rg help.com.


This episode is brought to you by degree original Cool rush deodorant. Remember last year people got really mad when degree changed their cool rush formula One dude even started a petition. What was up with that guy? Well, guess what? Degree listened. They admitted they messed up. They're bringing back the original cool rush scent. And thank God you've gotta love what a brand can own its mistakes. And it's in Walmart, target, and other stores right now for under $4. Grab some. Find out why it's been the number one men's antiperspirant for It lasts decade, by the way, you should put that on. Especially, we're about to hit the summer, it's getting sweaty in the summers, the original degree cool rushes back and it smells like victory for all of us.


Alright, we're taping this on Thursday morning. Sadly, we agreed to do this well before Nick's Pacers game one. Jon Stewart is here. I I didn't know if you were gonna cancel. I don't know. What do you want, Sam? What do you want? Why are you bothering me? You were so happy like a week ago. That's this is, this is the power of the playoffs. This is, this is how it goes. This is the elation, the joy of each victory with the knowing knowledge of you're about to be emotionally thrown over a cliff and it's fuck, man. But you didn't go last night. You sent your son who, who He went, he went with his boys.


He's, is he a blank slate for playoff disappointment because it's been so bad. Like how he doesn't, what is his history? His history is, so, listen, I've thrown him down on Mets, giants, Rangers and, and the Knicks. So he's actually not faced the like, like I was trying to explain to him, like, this is not even the most catastrophic loss that we've faced in the playoffs at the hands of the Pacers, right? Like, this isn't even, you know, you, you've gotta understand like the nineties was just this, 'cause we were good in the nineties, the Knicks were really good in the nineties, but just could never overcome either, you know, Jordan's greatness or Hakeem E's greatness or just Reggie Miller's pain in the acid ness or, you know, but we face the pacers like six times.


Yeah. In the nine, seven times in the, and lost in like crazy ways. Like, like Patrick Ewing, a seven foot one with a, I think a 28 foot wingspan missing a finger roll, right? Like game seven. Like you just literally, he could have just, just dunked it. He decided, oh lemme just see. Let me see if it'll bounce off the back of the rim. But it all, it all circled back with the four point shot in the, the worst call in the history of the playoffs. What worst Call the, the seven second Larry Johnson continuation. Yeah, Larry John, lemme tell you something about Larry Johnson. That was as a matter of fact, and, and I'm glad that you brought this up because it's important for us to discuss this.


Larry Johnson suffered at the hands of that and won. And I'm glad that he got the call because he was a fragile flower. You know, that Larry Johnson had a very bad back. Right? And for any of those players to put his vertebra in jeopardy like that, I thought was, I, I actually thought it should have been a flagrant too and an ejection. Like when Starks headbutted Reggie Miller, do you remember that? Oh yeah. Starks Stark. I think it was game game three, it might've been. Yeah, game three Nicks were up. Starks Headbutts, Reggie Miller, and then Indiana goes on like a 30 to 10 run runs away with it. Reggie motor voted him into it.


Oh, Jesus. Yeah. It's, it's nonstop. I mean, but I, I have to tell you like, So he doesn't know it. Your son was there. Your son's what? 21? He's 22. 20. He's 20. He's 20 years old. Yeah. And so, but he's in, he's as passionate about it as I am. Yeah. And loves, I've got pictures of him, you know, at the games with his SpongeBob backpack and his, you know, he's five years old, like pointing At Eddie Curry and Zach Randolph wondering why they're starting two big, He kept saying two thousands. He, he, he kept saying, so they've taken Rick Horne's ass and they've put it on these two players, but they, they don't have the rebounding ability of a mahorn.


They just have the ass. But yeah, so he, he, he just loves it and he's got a pretty good being raised as a nick and met and, and Giant and, and and Ranger fan. He's got a pretty good tolerance for the beat down. He's got a pretty good tolerance for the raised expectation followed by crushing disappointment. I've raised, I've raised them. Right. Well, the Giants piece of it, it was at least the one nice thing you did because, like, I have a couple friends who were, he was Nick, Nick Jets seven. Oh, I know. But The Knicks, Mets Jets combo is almost like you, You in many way, the Spiral of hell, Can I tell you something? And this, this is true.


There are states that will take away your children for that. There are, that they will bring in and it's child abuse. They will bring in fuss if, if you go down that route for, for, for too long. But the nice part about it is he always has like his excitement around the draft or things like that. Like there really is a, because there are so many sports teams here, and it is really a nonstop, you know, and I'm always listening to the fan or you know what, so whenever we're in the car, he just sits back and laugh at like Joey from, you know, Queens or, you know, right. Frankie from Islip. Like what are they? Right?


So he, he loves that shit. So I had some, I talked to a bunch of Nick fans last night and today, some of whom were there. Are You on a crisis hotline? Is that what you're right? No, it's just a lot of just people reach out to me. I'm like a sports therapist. A friend of mine said that's Bad man. A friend of mine said the Charles Smith game is still the nadir and that nothing has will ever compare to walking out. First of all, the vibe at the end of the game and then this complete silence leaving the arena he said was unparalleled. Yeah. That, that was number one. That's always gonna be number one. The Charles Smith game was the most excruciating, let's say 7.3 seconds of a Knicks.


Like, you know, because there were so many opportunities there for him to just, you know, I think he had three offensive rebounds in that sequence. It something crazy might Have gotten fouled at least twice On side. But that was back when they didn't call. Yeah, they didn't, I mean you, you look at the scores of these games and then, you know, like they beat them down 82 to 71 if it was a highest scoring game. And you know, I mean these games were Reggie Miller. That was the shocking part about some of the Reggie Miller performances is you'd see a game where it was like 82, 76 and Reggie Miller would score 25 points in It lasts fucking quarter. Yeah. Like he would go off in a way that was just like, Now, you know, there are these guys that are pouring in 40 points, 30, you know, last night, Brunson Kat, you know, Nesmith putting up, I don't know, threes outta nowhere.


He had eight threes. Eight threes outta what? Nine? Yeah. Something crazy. Well that's what's different now is these heat check guys don't have to be Regie Miller anymore. They can be nesmith just going bonkers for a half hour. Didn't you have Nesmith? Wasn't he your dad? We guy, we, we traded him in the, we traded him in the Brogden trade when got Michael Broden that That paid off. Oh well that, no, there you go. That Well, he turned into Drew Holiday, which turned a title. So we, we still somehow considered a win. But you was Weird that I didn't even wanna talk to you. You fucking, like, here's the thing. If you were a Nick fan, you wouldn't even be able to still talk to me right now after what you went through with the Celtics. But you have that 16 championships that have stocked up.


You have a resilience in your body. New England has been on the most outrageous championship run that will sustain you. You're like camels that have just come outta Nowhere. It's having anybody. It's like, I got COVID early. That's right. But then now I now my system can fight it. You're Like, you know what you are, you're like Sherpas at Everest. Like You don't actually even need the oxygen. You just go up there and you climb up and it doesn't even fucking matter. Well, I'll tell you this, when they lost the first two Knicks games, I did not feel that way because that was, that was, but you, you're a double choke jab being up 20 in the fourth quarter of i two games in a row. It's, and But once you've won the championship the year before, like at a a certain point you go like, oh, you know what, Hey, that was a, that was a terrible thing.


But hey, we won the championship last year. That's what I'm saying. You have a, a food reserve. Like we've been starving. Dude, we won in 73. I'm 62 years old. We won when I was 10, 11 Years old. You have the picture over your head of Yeah, yeah, of the Big four. There's Yeah, big five. That was so Four or five, I cannot, I can't see that's five. You can't see 'cause of the little block there. But it's Willis Reed, Dave de Busher, bill Bradley, Walt Frazier, and then Dickie Barnett who just passed away actually. But, and that's them in the locker room after I think the first championship that might be 77. So did you have enough juice to start getting Knicks tickets? Like when you had the MTV show? When did you start? Yeah. Yeah. So when did you Become a regular Oh, I was a regular before that, but not in the, in the good seats.


But once I started having a chance to get into the good seats, well then you're, you just try not to pull the car too often, you know? Yeah. So, but back in, in, when this was first happening, they weren't great. So it wasn't until Mellow got there and Meyer that you even had competition like Back. So in the nineties you could just get 'em Oh no, No, no. Nineties. I didn't have nineties. I didn't have the juice. I didn't have Didn't have the juice. No, I, I could get the occasional like what I had the juice for in the nineties, Not even after the faculty. Like, That's fucked. That's hardcore. That's, I didn't think he'd go after the acting career this soon. That's, I thought we were, who's going?


We were gonna, I I the fact I'm coming off a loss. I'm coming off a terrible playoff loss and I should be received with a certain TLCA certain kind of warmth. The fact is good. And graciousness, You did die halfway through from turned into an alien. Did I die or did I in the closing, did you credit live in the bonus credit scenes Comeback miraculously with a patch over my eye and a, a thumb bandage. That was the one I could never, I always ask Robert Rodriguez, I go, lemme get this straight. How do I Comeback? Like, didn't that dude like fucking put a pen through my eye, Robert? I lost the lower half of my body and turned into an alien and lost my Yeah. The eye, the whole thing. And, and Robert's like, ah, that'd be funny.


Alright. We don't have to have a, you know, it's a sea creature that, you know, comes to life in a swimming pool and turns people into, you know, you know, whatever they Do off offends your acting career. Who's that should be nobody. But go ahead. No, our beloved, our beloved James baby Doll Dixon, James Dixon, Jameson. Yeah. We were, we we were going through it. And that's so funny. When we were at Augusta and first of all, playing by heart was good and you were good in it. Are we Really gonna go through this? No, I'm Just saying it was just quickly. No, we were going through and he was like, baby John John could have been, if he wanted to go that route, he, you know, have, he goes in a medium baby doll mode. Yeah. He couldn't have John.


John couldn't have here. Here's the thing about James, and it's very lovely of him to try and defend it, but he's probably being contrarian when I was first starting. 'cause see, you know, James and I worked together for the whole time, right? James, James and I met in like 87, 88, right? He, he was working in a mail room and I was still bartending at fucking Cheetos down on McDougall Street and just doing gigs at like the bitter end and all this other stuff. So we've been working together since then. So he would, as a like, junior, junior guy, every now and again, get a little, you know, a blurb off of like back page and send me off to a commercial audition. And I went to one and I Comeback and usually like, you know, you'd hear something.


So I think I called him up a couple days later. I go, Hey man, did you hear anything about that commercial audition? And he goes, oh yeah, I, I don't know what you did in there, but they hated you. And I was like, what? They were like, yeah, I don't, I don't, I think they thought like, you couldn't act. I dunno if you need to take like lessons or anything. And I was just like, you're my guy. I'm staying with you forever. So you like the bluntness. I, Hey dude, we're in a business where nobody tells you the fucking truth. So to have a guy that will be like, Hey, I think that might've sucked, is the most valuable thing to have in this industry. To have somebody that'll look at you steely-eyed and tell you when you suck is the greatest thing.


And because it, it can be a business of self delusion, you know? And you always try and do that with comedy. How many times have you met a comic who come off stage and be like, I crushed that. And you're like, mm. Yeah, I don't know if does, I think I heard some, there was some light murmuring, but I don't know if I would call that, you know, but they're just dudes that are just like, I'm invincible. So it was always good to have somebody in your corner like that. That was such interesting era when you're trying to take off as a comic, but you know, way pretty internet. It felt like you had a whole class of people that all went on to do all these different things that all These guys at the, they were all at the comedy show. You're talking about David, tell Ray Romano, Louis cck, Nick Diplo, Alan Habe, like fucking hilarious.


Laura Klinger. Suzy Asman would come by. It was, it was Colin Quinn was in there. Like, and you would watch these folks, you know, I, we'd hang out there all night, right? And, and you're working for nothing. You're working for hummus. You know, if, if you were on the schedule during the week, it was 15 bucks on the weekend. I think it was 50, 45 or 50, but mostly, and I was working as a day bartender at Pantos. So, you know, was Pantos like a Mexican place? What was it? What? Well no, it was an Indian restaurant. Yeah. What Pantos, What was guys' guy named Bob Panto.


Who's some Knicks fan? It's a sports bar. It was a guy named Bob, actually. That was, that was a nice, yeah, it was this really like early on blender drink. Mexican restaurant, not a chain. You know, imagine like, So Margaritas, frozen margaritas, all That stuff, dude. E every learning, being a bartender, there was a nightmare. You had like a 3, 4, 5 page just frozen drinks. They'd like a creamsicle and a Greenwich blend. Oh God. You know, and you're just, but as the day bartender, I dunno if you've ever been a day bartender in a restaurant, but nobody comes in. You're the prep guy. So you spend your day cutting limes so that the night guy can fucking clean up.


That's your role. Like, because you Couldn't be the night guy. 'cause you're a Comic. 'cause I'm a comic, so I, I couldn't make the money. I could only make the drinks for the night guy to make the money and then I'd go work for hummus. It was a, it was a, and I have to say happy as I've ever been. Just loved it, loved it, loved it. Imagine that you're fucking 24, 25 years old. You're in Greenwich Village. I'm living down near Canal Street, you know, sharing a room with a dude. I live in a little loft bed. He lives on the bottom of it. And you're living this like bananas dream that nobody ever thought you would ever do.


Like, it's not like I was destined for greatness. Like, it's not like people, you know, were like, that kid's got it. Like, it was a ridiculous whim. And so to just head up there, no plan, no idea of where this thing was gonna go. I worked in catering kitchens and bartended and all kinds of other odd stuff. And just the ability to like walk home at three in the morning through Greenwich Village and soho to get down to Canal Street after sitting around with a tell and, and Quinn and those guys. Like, come on. So you go, you go to New York and you're basically like, I'm gonna try to figure out how to be a comic.


Right? And you're just putting it together on the fly. Six week lease in an apartment. I received Jesus. I used to work in bars down in Jersey when I first got outta college. And I was working at this one place called City Gardens. And it was a, like a legendary punk club in Trenton, New Jersey. And when I say like, like bad brains, black flag, suicidal tendencies, misfits, like all the great punk bands of that era would roll through between New York and Philly. So Trenton, it was this weird shithole, like yeah. A warehouse, you know, in the middle of like this very kind of dangerous place.


It was a very dangerous place. And, but all the bands that would come through, I'd get to interact with. 'cause a bartender, you're up in the green room, you know, you're bringing them beers and booze. And so you're, you might not remember this, you might be too young, but do you remember Martha Quinn of MTV? Of course. Oh, okay. So she was, everybody's pixie. Everybody's, I was the only child I remember every, every moment of, of MTV. So she was everybody's pixie and adorable thing. Well, there was a band called Steve Baders and the Lords of the New Church. And Steve Baders was the lead singer of the Lords of the new church. He's on stage, he's an addict. Opiates, heroin, whatever. He's on stage. He's sick as a dog.


So he's, he's vomiting. He looks like we need to get him, you know, this is before they would do IV treatments, like for like hydrate people. So he looks dehydrated near death. I go upstairs to the green room after the show, he's lying there kind of sort of comatose. And I'm bringing booze in for everybody. And Martha Quinn is in there on his lap and he kind of revives every now and then and, and, and is making out with her. And I was like, boy, this industry is really, it's not what it appears to be on, on television. So it might be a little darker than what I had originally surmised.


Yeah. Oh my God. It was a wild place. But it inspired me. 'cause I talked to these guys and they'd be like, what do you do? And I'd be like, I get you drinks. And they're like, is that it? And I'm like, kind of, yeah. And it it, I always had this idea in my head, like, I wanted to try to be a comic or be a writer or some shit. And they were like, so what do you do? Why don't you do it? And it, it kind of propelled me to one day I just sold all my shit and got a U-Haul, drove up to the city and that was it. Well, it probably made you realize how haphazard everything is and that you think in your head when you're growing up, oh, there's this whole process and you gotta do this and this, and then you get this and then you realize like, oh yeah, maybe you just throw caution in the wind for six months and it might work out, it might not.


Right. You just make decisions. And I, I I remember telling people and they were just like, what? Like, it's one of those things they were like, I don't think that, I don't think any part of that sentence that you just said makes sense. Like, I'm le I'm leaving and, you know, gonna go to New York to be a comic. And they'd be like, what? But it was, it was a, it was a ball in The late eighties. The best case scenario for being a comic is maybe you get a 1230 show someday. Maybe you get to tour the country. Like what, in your head tour, who's, who's your role model? Like Seinfeld tour the country? Yeah. Well, no, those guys were so far above and beyond look at that time. But I mean, like, if you're shooting for the stars, who are you looking at? That's the thing. I wasn't shooting for the stars.


Right. That Like, I wasn't thinking like that. I think maybe that was partially how I was able to kind of endure whatever indignities get thrown your way. Like how many times can you go to Carlos in the kitchen of Pan Cheetos and go, Hey man, any chance you could make me like dinner? And then make maybe a breakfast too that I could put in a tin and just take with me? Yeah. Like it's a lot of indignity. You know, you're, I'm a grown man at that time. Like, I'm not, I'm not a, I'm sharing a room. Like when was It lasts? I shared a room when I was a kid. Like, when was It lasts time You shared a room. You know, I'm, I'm in, I, I know how to drive. I'm old enough to drink and I'm sharing a room with the dude. Like it was, you know, you di I didn't think, oh man, I'm gonna do my own.


They're gonna discover me. Like they discovered Seinfeld and Roseanne and it's gonna be, and you're on. It was, I hope I get good enough to pass the club. Like there were milestones, but the milestones were much closer to your face. Yeah. Than what you would imagine. You know, I imagine for you sort of a simply like, you think to yourself, I'm gonna create a podcasting network and a right and a, a conglomerate of writers and sports. You know, You don't, you think like, how am I gonna get good at this? How am I gonna get good enough at this that they'll let me work here for the $15 I might be able to get, holy shit, how do I get here?


So they'll let me work on the weekend. Like that's where like where they put cash money in your pocket. Like if you could do five sets at different clubs on a Friday night, six sets. Atel was the king of that. Atel was, he would do like nine or 10 sets in a night. Like really? Oh my god. The most industrious. Like you would barely see him, he'd wander in real quick with the cigarette dangling, go up on stage, bang out, 20 minutes of fucking hilarity pop into the subway. Right. Uptown. 'cause you had to go, the circuit was the seller downtown Boston Comedy. But you also had comic strip catcher, rising Star uptown, standup New York, although they did like weekend bookings.


So you had a bunch of places, but you had, you had to travel Caroline's at the Seaport then in Midtown. So it was like a little, little troubador. How Long, how long did it take you to get good at it? I'll let you know when I get good at it. God. Well when did you feel like, okay. I I actually feel like I somewhat know what I'm doing here. I think it was, and I wouldn't know, you know, the dates. I can tell you the process of it was I worked at the seller, which was just a few doors down from that bar I was working at. Yeah. And this guy Bill Run Fest and Rick Chrome, who sort of ran it and booked it.


Let me hang out there every night. Not obviously on the weekends where the real comics were. And they would put me on every night as It lasts guy. So Sunday to Thursday I'd go on at one in the morning, two 30 in the morning, depending on, you know, comedy Center. The Comedy Center back then wasn't what, what you know it as today, which is like Monday night they're doing three sold out shows for, you know, and packing it in and it's all just like they can promote it. Yeah. Really great. Really established comments, like best shows you would ever see in your life. And then even in the middle of it, Chris Rock will show up and like bang out a set, you know, crazy stuff. Yeah. So, you know, they would put me on every night and you learn how to be yourself.


You learn how to be yourself on stage, which is the only way you can create a kind of sustaining comedy career. And and I remember doing that and you just, you do reps just, do you know what it felt like being like a gym rap, a comedy gym rap and you know, it was you and the wait staff and the occasional table of like drunk Norwegian sailors or whoever might wander down there. 'cause the place wasn't packed. Yeah. It's not like they started the show at eight and they ran it till It lasts. Person left. And I was the guy You gave your reps in Getting your reps in. And that's when I started to feel like I figured it out in a way that didn't feel embarrassing if that's The bar.


Well, plus you're allowed to make mistakes. Like I look back when I had my comms Yes. Before I got to E-S-P-N-I was on my own for four years just writing comms. And some of them are good, some of them are bad. I'm making a ton of, but I was able to make these mistakes with not a big audience. Right. And then you learn from that and then by the time you get the audience right, you, you have enough of a feel of what's gonna work and not work. Right. So I was so frustrated those four years. Like, is this ever gonna happen? Should I go into real estate? What should I do? Really? But then you look back and you're like, oh, that's actually really good. It played out this way that I'd spent that much time trying to figure out how to get good at something because then when it happened, I was ready for It.


You were in, you were in column college. Like that's, yeah, it's an essential learning experience, but that's also what you have to want. Like, it sounds like you wanted to be a writer. Yeah. N not a not a star. And the people that I always really loved were the people that wanted to be comics, not stars. They might get good enough to be like, the way I sort of looked at it was if I get good enough, it'll be like bartending, like something you can make enough money with that you'll be okay. Right. And then occasionally people would show up.


Like, I remember when Chappelle showed up. I mean he was like, every now and again, somebody would come in that's just built different. Yeah. Like a lot of us are, you know, you're, you're in there doing your work a day sets and trying to make your way and kind of build. And then a kid will come in and you just go, oh, well that's just touched by God. That's just a diff that's just a weirdly different prodigy. Yeah. And, and I always, I always felt good at not feeling mad about that. Like, I remember seeing Dave and just going like, I love that.


I love that that kid can do that. Rather than feeling like, oh, why is that guy so good? How Being threatened by It. Right. Because I watched a lot of guys where bitterness stole whatever shot they had. Like I always tried to maintain that feeling of no matter, like people say like, when did you think you made it? And I'm like, here's when I made it. When I left Trenton, that's when I made it. Yeah. Like, everything else is gravy. Like you, you tried the thing. Like that's all you can give yourself as an opportunity and work your ass off at it. But like, you always try to maintain that kind of feeling of proud of yourself no matter what happened because you, you did the hard thing, which was to cleave yourself from your old life That was could, would've been fine.


Well the funny thing about your industry at the time is you have all these damaged people who are really good at what they do and a lot of them are just pre naturally bitter. There's gonna be bitter anyway and Yeah. Yeah, yeah, yeah. And super mad at everybody who's more successful than them. That's part of the comedy industry. But It, I I didn't find that to be the general, like that was the whole, the reputation of communists, like damaged people doing a damaged thing. Like they were the funniest, smartest, nicest, like often warmest people you'd ever come across. Like, we all have our shit. Yeah. But this idea of like, what's up?


Sad clown masking the all pain. Like it didn't feel that way. It felt like people excited to be in this very fertile, creative environment. Yeah. I mean we all worked to, we wrote for like, Caroline's Comedy Hour and Comedy Central came on board in the middle of it. And like some of us got like little jobs there. Like, but it felt, you know, I can only imagine like a, a creative scene that if not relevant was at least like it was, it was, it was constructive.


It was, yeah. Like you felt the excitement of it. 'cause we were getting to do what we wanted to do. Like it was a crazy, wonderful, weird, dumb life. You know, I think the thing I was always jealous of from afar when I moved out here to work for Kimo and he was dating Sarah. Right. And Sarah had this whole web of people and it was almost like a sports team. Yeah. And she knew everybody and all down early For each Yeah. And she was unbelievably good. Another one that was just young, but really fucking good. Right. Kind of knew what their voice were. Yeah. But they, the way they all pulled for each other and how they knew everybody and they were all, it was, I was like, wow, this is not what I expected from the comedy industry.


That it was a little more rowing the same way than on the boat than I kind of thought you would listen, You would get a dick or two. But it was the exception, not the rule. And even the people that you thought like, wow, that that person's dealing with a lot, they generally didn't take it out on you. You were part of their support. Yeah. Not a part of their attack. So I have nothing but ridiculously fond memories. And I'm sure there's a little gloss of nostalgia, you know, that carries over maybe some of the tougher times. Yeah. But, but I think if you didn't, if it hadn't been somewhat painful and somewhat of a struggle, I don't think it would mean much in the aftermath if, if you didn't feel like you had to develop, you know, it's like when you talk to a guitar player and you know, and they play unbelievable and then they show you pictures of like the blisters on their hands and you're like, yeah, that's no blister, no solo.


You know what I mean? Like, it's, it's part of the process From the MTV show. Like, you probably do this show, what did it last? Two years, three years? Two, I think. Yeah. Something like that. And then, then it's done. You move on to other things. But now we're in this YouTube video era and all of these clips Comeback from it. And one of the things that's amazing about that Show Oh, on the MTV Show. Oh yeah. Well one of the things that's amazing about it, you had, you had unbelievable music on that show, Best part of the show, and A lot of these artists. Yeah. Like that's kind of, it was kind of the prime apex of their careers during this amazing music time We had. That was, we had a guy named Bruce Lee Gilmer, who was the music booker and Beth McCarthy was the director of the show.


Yeah. And she had been a director at MTV. Did all the live, like, if you ever watch Nirvana Unplugged or those kinds of things, Alex Colletti had come up with the, the, the concepts and was doing the unplugs, but Beth was directing them all, you know, and you see even in that Nirvana unplugged, that little moment where like Kurt turns and smiles at to the camera, that was Beth going like, are you having fun here? Kurt? Like, but she's to to my mind like the greatest live music director of all time. Like, she's just phenomenal. She went on, she did, you know, Saturday Night Live, but she directed our show, our dopey little show for the whole time it was on.


She Was our And you have, it's the, it's the peak of alternative. That's Right. Hip hop's coming super hard at that point. Yep. Just, oh, everything is, everything is humming. In 93 and 94, When we were done at MTV, we went over to Paramount and I think the first week on the air, the musical guests were Public Enemy and Johnny Cash. And like that was the breadth of it. Biggie Smalls was on ODB, Wu-Tang, Mike Watt came on and Grohl played drums while Eddie Veter and Pat Smear played guitar for him. Jesus. Like, it was insane.


Slayer, Dan Zig, like it was the breadth of it dancing. I just enjoyed Glen Dancing. Played Mother Baby played mother. Yeah. He, now that was somebody who knew what his persona was. Yeah, No, I love those guys. And they were all like, again, like I know the reputation. Like, oh, everybody comes on and there's attitude and all that shit. None of it. Yeah. Like they were all hanging out in the green room with, you know, Trent Register and Marilyn Manson. Like, it was crazy and it was so much fun. But the music was so good and such an important part of it. And like we were able to sneak in, you know, guided by voices and bad religion and bands that were like, not quite mainstream, but really great.


You know, Buffalo Tom, right? Can Crow Were in there. I remember you did a Bunch of 'em. Just, it was an incredible, that was my favorite part of the, of the show. Loved it. I thought the show, I, I don't know. I thought the show was good and it had a weirdly important place in pop culture because MTV, that was the height. MTV who butthead all that Shit, you know, who didn't Well were the executives that were in charge of the program when they canceled it. No, the MTV one actually we did really well in the ratings. It was when we went to Paramount and got syndicated is when, that's when it went. I blame that on Baby Doll Completely. I told him, I said, don't do this. No, No.


He's like, baby, it's a lot of money. We gotta do this. No, it was, what happened was Arsenio left and Paramount owned MTV and so they bought us Yeah. To do that. And that was it. But we didn't realize, like, you'll be on at three in the morning in Houston and 11 o'clock at night in, you know, Atlanta. But even that was a great experience. And to go to our earlier point when you get canceled and your name is on the show, like when they come into the office and go that show with your name on it. Yeah. I've had the experience. It's not great. Oh, Buy, right. Yeah. It's not great, but what's better than waking up the next day and going, oh, I'm still alive and I can still write jokes and I can still do the shit that I love to do and I'll, it won't maybe in, in that venue, but I can go off and do it.


That's the crazy part about, I think the way that people view the kind of stereotypes of the businesses that we're in. And I heard Jack Antonoff actually sum this up really well. I can't remember the interview I was watching, but Jack Anol was talking about going into music and he would be like, I'm going, I, I'm thinking about going into music. And everybody would say to him like, what are you crazy music? What do you think you're doing? But if he had said, I want to be an astronaut, they'd all be like, yes, fantastic. But then he goes, but how many, there's like seven astronauts. Music is everywhere. Like, why wouldn't they say, oh, you love music. That's amazing.


It's everywhere. And that's, they view these careers as like, not safe. Yeah. As a lark, as an indulgence. But comedy is everywhere. Sports are everywhere. Writing is everywhere. Like why wouldn't you say to somebody, oh, if that's what you love, you'll probably work your ass off at it and you'll probably end up, you might not get to here, but you might be fine. You might make enough to make a living and have a family. Like why wouldn't that be encouraged? I think And so, yeah. Oh, go ahead. No, go ahead. No, I was just gonna say so that when the cancellation came as hard as it was, it was also freeing.


'cause I realized like, oh, I still get to do the very thing that I came up here to do. Yeah. Well I think the difference now, the potential of becoming either famous or successful seems easier because we have all these different levers you can pull now. Right? Like somebody could just start a video podcast on YouTube and actually get an audience pretty fast. Oh yeah. Right. People feel just people do that, right? Yeah. Yeah. Oh, they definitely do. So you, first of all, you can have an audience too soon. Second of all, you have the potential of, this could happen to me soon, which I think skews the brain chemistry a little bit where you're like, Right, Why isn't this happening yet?


It's been three months. And I think what was different about our generation was, was y you never, never really thought it was gonna work out. And if it worked out, that would be great. But there was, there was no Yes. It wasn't like there was like this prize in the bottom of the Cracker Jack box. You're like, man, I really hope this works out, but I have no idea If it is now, it feels like it can work out. Which I think why people even get more and more frustrated when it doesn't, you know? Yeah. Maybe. Maybe the key to our generation was a utter lack of confidence. That was Gen X. I mean, and right before Gen X of like, yeah. But there were this, this actually might not happen. There were viral sensations back when we were younger too.


It was just a different mentality, you know, it, it, they didn't have the, you know, I'm sure there was a, you know, an analog to Hawk to a, you know, back in, you know, but it, but it would be, it was probably Like Donna Rice or one of those of people like Donna Rice. It's exactly, that's the perfect analogy to, although, yeah, somebody that came up through notoriety and maybe infamy Yeah. But didn't necessarily have something attached to that. But then took those opportunities beyond that to go on all kinds of, you know, write a book or be on shows or that kind of shit.


This episode is brought to you by Michelob Ultra. What do I look forward to every NBA playoffs season? Well, I'm always hoping the Celtics do well. I'm always hoping we have great storylines, great games, great matchups, great game sevens. I just hope for good basketball. But the NBA playoffs, they're even better with Michelob Cher, the official beer partner of the NBA Plus. They're getting fans closer to the game with the chance to win courtside tickets and more. Enter now at michelob bocher.com/courtside. Michelob bocher superior access Courtside 2024 to 25 sweepstakes, no purchase necessary open to US residents. 21 or older ends on July 1st, 2025, multiple entry periods. Visit michelob bocher.com/superior access slash courtside for free entry, entry. Deadlines and official rules, message and data rates may apply void, where prohibited.


This episode is presented by State Farm on the basketball court. The best players know when to pass and off the court. You still need teammates who are there when accounts. That's where State Farm comes in with agents to help you find coverage that's right for you. You can focus on what really matters, whether that's hitting game winners or just getting through the day, Like a good neighbor. State Farm is there. State Farm coverage Options are selected by the customer. Availability and eligibility vary by state.


One of the things as, as we get older and we watch how culture changes, like, one of the things that's so interesting to me is the late night host piece. Like it seems like CBS is just gonna dump the 1235 spot that used to be, right, this breeding ground for new comics, right? It'd be like, right, or new hosts, or this would be either you put somebody who was established or you put somebody who has a chance to basically become you. And now there's two problems with it. One is the audience is just dwindled to the point that it's like Kim Will and Colbert and, and Fallon and Seth, and maybe those are, It lasts four we're gonna have in a network. But then the other piece is, right, if you're gonna try to get somebody young up and coming, is that even a good move for them in the same way?


Are they just better off being on the road going around? Like, I would think those people would rather be Nate Bartzi who may, who's now doing basketball arenas. Well, that, that's the issue Rights. That's what I'm saying. I think those people would rather be the biggest comic in the country right Now. You know what I mean? That's not really how it, But 10 years ago, Nate Bartzi, or five years ago, probably gets the 1230 thing over happen over having happened, what happened to him, right? Because the old model of how it happens, you know what I mean? Or, Or a sitcom or, or something, a along those lines or, or other things. But now you're just better off going to the people and going on tour. But some Of that is, it's just ubiquity, right? So people don't, those sort of talk shows do provide I think a kind of weird repetitive habit forming.


Like, I go to bed watching The Tonight Show, or Colbert or Kimmel and I wake up watching GMA or the today, you know, that's always been kind of the, the idea of it is to lock people into a brand. The habit. Habit. I'm, I have a CBS lifestyle, I have an NBC lifestyle, you know, and if you wa if you look on YouTube, there's still millions and millions of people. You know, the ratings traditionally are maybe not the same, but I would argue the reach of it is maybe bigger. It may not be monetized through advertising dollars in the way that they think makes it an efficient use of network capital, but in terms of its ability to permeate and people to see it, I think is still really, really large, you know, shifted.


It would shifted to YouTube and Spotify. And You look at Seth will do a bit, you know, on it's 1230 at night, which was never like a huge audience thing, but he'll get millions of people watching it on YouTube or Facebook or whatever the hell. People watch stuff now. Yeah. Malaney iss doing a cool thing on Netflix. Like, yeah. Just allowing himself like to do, to, to just be as creative as like old time Letterman on a weekly basis on Netflix. They've given him kind of the leeway to be able to, to do all that stuff. I think what'll ultimately happen is you'll still have something that resembles it, but maybe not with the infrastructure.


We're the daily infrastructure. You mean we're in old? Yeah. Like the way I look at it is like, I run a tower records, do you know what I mean? Like, people are always gonna want music, right? And I, but I'm still the guy who's like, we're coming to my giant building and let me show you the new CD rack. Like, I'm, it's just a delivery system of something that I think people will always find somewhat interesting or appealing, but without the brick and mortar. Like you, you watch Zi Way or somebody who's doing something really interesting, creativity finds a way like, great, funny, interesting.


People find a way to make topical commentary or interviewing interesting. Yeah. For, for people. And that's, that's always going to be something that I think will have appeal. It just may not have an appeal with 250 employees in a giant theater. Right. With people coming every day. Yeah. Right. Well, it's interesting with you, you're just doing Mondays now. Oh, right. God bless. That's, And, and your show, and you on that show still feels like it has the same impact, but you're not having to do the, you know, you're not pitching every day, you're pitching, you're Now, you now start, you're now starter.


You're, you're not, you know, you're not throwing the 120 innings professor inning Emeritus. I, I Comeback in, I do that thing now that like Aaron Rogers can do, like where you do the thing where you're like, I'm gonna go on a darkness retreat and then maybe I'll sign in September, but I don't want to go to practice. Is that okay with everybody? You know? It's that kind shit. Did you worry, I mean, obviously you know what you're doing, but you hadn't done that show and then you're doing that first show. Oh, sure did. Were you, were you nervous or did nervous energy? Like what was it, was it like to just do it again? Well, look, the muscle memory, I think one of the advantages I had is the people that the really talented creative writers, Producers and all that of that, you know, it's, it's a, it's an organism, it's a mechanism.


And the people that did it when I was there were still there. Only they had all leveled up their skills. Like they had all done boss battles. And so now I was walking back into the place where it was the comfort of all these people. I love, like, I will say we have a fucking ball. Like I know that that's, I think everybody works hard, but it is fun. Yeah. Like, they're great people. I love being around them. They've leveled up their skill level. So that part I wasn't nervous about. I was, man, it's a weird, it's hard to describe the feeling. The first day I went in to do the show, and I'm sitting behind the desk in rehearsal and, and a lot of the camera guys, this guy Phil, this tq and Richie, they're all behind the cameras.


It's like people that, you know, I've been with for 30 years. Yeah. So I knew them all. So it's not like I was like, where am I? Who are you? You know, the comfort was there and we did the rehearsal, but when I put the suit on and I came down and I sat behind the desk in the suit, and I looked into the camera and saw on the monitor myself at the desk in the suit with the script, had the pen, the whole deal, but I look like this now. But you're older. Yeah. It looked like, do you know those like Instagram posts where they're like a friend group that takes the same picture every 10 years and like, And then there's that one year where everybody looks old all of a sudden, right.


Yeah. And that was daunting because it, it, it, it was a very strange like, kind of melancholy feeling of the evidence of, i I, you know, decrepitude is, is too strong a word, but you do look at that and think, oh shit. Like, pa it, it was explicit evidence of passage of time. Well, that's the, that's the, the phenomenon of like high school graduations, college graduations, weddings when right when we were younger and we'd watch the parents crying and be like, this fucking idiots.


Why are they, what are they so upset about? Right. But then you get it as you get older, like, fuck. And as your kids get older. And so as I sat there, it, it really was a stark feeling for me. And also wondering if the audience would be able to get past it to just hear the jokes and, and, and see all the thing, or if they would be distracted by this image that they had seen for so many years that was now so clearly in a different, you know, a a different age demographic. But you were, but you were out there. It wasn't like people hadn't seen you in seven years, right?


Not much, man. I, I'd been out there a bit, I'd been on Steven's show a bit, but I, I really don't, as you know, James will tell you, I don't like to do shit. I like to be home. And Not only will he tell you it, it drives him crazy. He just feels like you're costing him money constantly. It's like four more country clubs he could belong to. Oh my God, that's so funny. Listen, I put enough, I put enough distance on his pool that I feel very comfortable with the choices I've Made. Do you realize what John could do? Do you realize if he just committed for One year What we Could do? He'll tell you the, the worst ones are the advertisements, the commercials people would come with.


He'd be like, what you don't understand this is, they don't make deals like this. And I'd be like, I don't care. I don't, I don't use that product. Well, he, he, he just wants enough that he can brag about how much he helped you. He Has a, and the, and the great deals, the great deals that he gets. All he wants to do is brag about the deal. He got The best at what he does of anybody I've ever seen. And part of it is he's so, he doesn't play games. There's no bull. Like he's just like, this is what, what we're doing this. He doesn't try and trick people. He doesn't strategize around it. He doesn't try and take shortcuts. He just does his fucking job in a straightforward, like clear cut, honest manner.


And the people that appreciate that are great to do business with. And the people that don't appreciate that are people you wouldn't wanna do business with in the first place. 'cause there are, as, as you have probably figured out by now, a shit ton of liars in this business, there're on every level. Yeah. And sadly I have to deal with them on the executive side now and it's, it's not great. Yeah. Really Makes that part of it is absolutely, I'm sure not what you got into. What's the part of this that you love the best? I think it's elevating people who have something that it could go to another level and then watching it happen, I think is the most fun part, which I think you've had an incredible amount of experience with too.


Like, you think of the, It's pretty great The, the Daily Show tree, when you watch somebody that, and you, and you can watch 'em go from here to here. And if you have like a tiny part of that, I think that's probably the best part, Man. Watching people level up, whether as writers or the executive producer of the show. Yeah. Jen Flaz, who's the executive producer show, who, like, that show wouldn't happen without her. If you're looking at the special sauce. Like she is, she's, you know, the keeper of the formula to the crusty crab. Like she knows what's up. Right. She was a PA when I got there. Wow. In 1999. She was, she was in the building before I was, she was a production assistant and you just watch, she was just a killer.


Just smart as shit. And like, you just watched her get better and better and better and level up and level up and, you know, making her executive producer was the one of the easiest decisions in my life. Right. Like, it just easy When that, that first show you did back, you did all the Biden stuff and people were surprised that that was your first thing and it be Yeah. Immediately became polarizing. And then you, we look back and it's like, all right. Surpris, even the time Right. For that show. Surprised people were mad. Yeah. Really mad at you. Yeah. Why, Why is he doing this? Why is he, why, Why is he bringing all this up? Called me a threat to democracy.


There was a while there, it was like you and Charlemagne and I don't think anybody else was saying anything. Oh, Charlemagne's. So I I love listening to him. Yeah. He just, he just fucking, he just cuts through it. But it's Just been crazy to watch It lasts year. And especially you did your show on Monday about Jake Tapper's book when he's on TV the whole time. Right. Not saying anything. And then it's like, I've got some news. I thought that was, you know, that's, that's why your show, I, I think as long as you wanna do it, it's so essential. 'cause you're just taking these little things that are happening and then tweaking them and presenting them in a way where you're like, oh yeah, that's kind of fucked up. Well, I think the process is, it, it continues to be sort of what it always was, which is, it's not a reexamination of news.


It's really a kind of reexamination of the most, what you think are the most absurd aspects of these institutions that we like. To me, that first Biden bit we did was that, Yeah, Like I just, I was watching this with a sense of like, am I insane? Like, the idea that we're not looking at this as that, you know, we are supposedly in the most dangerous election of our lifetime, the only way we will fend off forever fascism, and we're not gonna put our best foot forward, and we're gonna all pretend that, that this guy who fine did a good job, but like, this ain't fucking, you know, peewee football.


Like this is the presidency. And it just seemed utterly absurd to me. And then I remember we had Comeback, it was right after the Super Bowl, I think. And traditionally, I think during the Super Bowl, the president has an opportunity to address, you know, do an interview in the middle. So this is a run up to the election. You have a chance to do an interview and get to, and they decided not to do it, but rather put out tiktoks of him like eating chocolate chip cookies. Right. And Seems like a red flag. And so we ran a big montage of everybody saying the idea that he's too old is ridiculous.


He's the sharpest guy. You don't under, I think it was, You don't understand, if you were in the meetings, you would see someone at the top of their game, sharp As attack, Sharp as attack. And the, and the joke was, Ooh, has anyone thought to film that? Right. 'cause the, the shit we're seeing does not engender. 'cause what happened with Biden, and this sort of brings it around to comedy, like the worst thing a comic can be for an audience is fragile. Like, if you're in the audience and you're worried about the comic, not in a mean way, like in a way of like, I don't think this guy's very good. Yeah, this is gonna be rough. And he's like, stumbling the spell is gone.


It's a fragile spell. And if that's the way you're viewing the president, and that is the way, when you couldn't deny that when you watched him, there was trepidation that he wouldn't get through it and he would fuck it up. Well, the other piece of it was, it was the private conversations we're all having about it weren't being captured in public conversations. And that's always when Yes. You know, something is off. 'cause all the conversations I was having, I was like, what the fuck's going on? He seems, does he have Parkinson's? What's happening? And that was two years. And those conversations were taking place everywhere except on the news where they're supposed to take place.


And I think, you know, I've always said the truest part of CNN or M-S-N-B-C, the truest part of the broadcast is in their green room. If you go to the green room of those 24 hours, you'll hear the truth. You'll hear people that are involved in politics, that are politicians, that are consultants, that are journalists, that are analysts, that's where they tell the truth. Can you believe this fucking guy? There's no way he makes it through. He can't even get up that if we do this, it's a disaster on the camera's, on red, lights on. You know, I don't, he he's able to get through certain legislation. I I wouldn't say that it's a detriment.


I think it's perhaps it's this experience that could help. But if you go in that green room, that's the truth. And our show has always hopefully been a kind of presentation of the absurdity between what's going on in the green room and what's going, what they're putting out as the official version and how those differ. Well, ironically, that also happens in sports because I really, I even remember, yeah, I remember the first year I did NBA countdown and magic was on the show, and we'd be in the green room talking about stuff to talk about in the show. And half of the thing was trying to get magic to say the stuff he said in the green room on tv. But that red light Really?


Oh yeah. That red light really scares. There's just repercussions with every sentence you say. Especially if you're ad-libbing on camera or you're, you know, you're talking for 30 straight seconds and the words are coming out. Sometimes you can't control where the words are going and you're trying to make a point, it's either too harsh and you end up, you end up kind of receding and, and being more careful. And That's, yeah. As long as, you know, shifts in tone, I don't mind. It's shifts in absolutes that I always mind. And I think, like I've always said to the people at Daily Show, I go look around this room, like when you leave here, these will be your only remaining friends. Like, you can't look at it like, I need to maintain access.


And I'm, I firmly believe that if you stick to what you think is true and defensible, you'll be okay. We all fuck up. You know, we all say something that's temperate or like maybe didn't come out the way you want to. And when you own that stuff, when you need to, you should. But boy, when we put on this, and you and I are wrestling fans when you put on this kfab Yeah. And, and now I'm starting to feel like the whole thing is kfab. The whole thing is, is, you know, we were talked about on the show, it used to be the, it's not the crime, it's the coverup. I feel like the whole thing is cover up now no matter who's out there. Well, you're talking about authenticity, which I think feels in 2025, like the single most important word.


Right? It's, but they Think, they still think of authenticity as a strategy, which is the antithesis of authenticity. But, But that's, I think what's shifting is authenticity, just in the purest form is now becoming the, the thing you want. Because we see this with athletes and celebrities. What, and I think social media has a big part of this, right? They're presenting this version of themselves or this version of what they should say, how they should act for the public. And you don't kind of really know what's behind it. And then over and over again, we find out, oh, that person was a maniac, or Oh, that person got caught, you know, right behind the scenes saying this when they actually said this in public. And I, I think lot of the ways they Did the is that intentional is, is that for athletes?


Do they have people kind of that, that are working with them on that to make it that way? I, I actually think the decision was the, was kind of the turning point. And then there's social media pieces too. But the, the decision went so bad for LeBron and was such a bad kind of move. And it's kind of just such a bad unforced error, right. That I think it made it reconfigured how people think about when they do something. Right. Do, do you have to think about all the ramifications, good and bad. And then that leads to this weird social media personas everybody has now that you have no idea what's real Or not real. And then you, if you look at it and go, well, geez, if somebody who is as great as LeBron can face a backlash, I guess what chance do I have?


I mean, Jordan was very, you know, famously was like, I'm staying out of the fray and you know, but then you see the 30 for thirties and you know, It lasts dance and all that. And you're like, oh, Well, the gambling stuff with him was way worse than I think people remember. I mean, he's, he was giving absolutely interviews on the pregame show. Like, I do not have a gambling problem. It's like watching politicians. Right. But now I still think there's some really, I think we have some athletes now that feel authentic to me, right. In everything they do. And you kind of know who they are. We don't have to do the list, but there's Right, right. And then there's some people that still feel like they're trying to present some version of themselves that they think we want versus whatever it actually is, you know, and then it's ultimate It's, and ultimately they get called out for it.


I think, you know, there's that. Right. You know, there's always, you know, I, you know what's interesting, Tatum faces that a lot, which I think is, you sort of, you look at a guy who's just so good Yeah. And won a world championship, but even in the midst of winning a world championship, people were like, he a shit, that's the wrong way to say, you know, what he just said mimics what Kobe just, you know. Right. And I I thought that was so fascinating that here he was at the peak of this and he clearly like with his boy, which like, you're just like, oh my God, this is a moment's moment like this. And then you look online and people are just, fuck that guy he's doing.


That's, that's not real. And Right. And you just think, oh boy. The other thing that I forget, the other piece of it is we face relentless, we live in a, a culture of relentless comment, relentless commentary. Yeah. And those that are in sports or entertainment or politics, you know, those relentless comments as they exist in the ether, but I think they ultimately begin to have a kind of molecular weight to them as well. That the heaviness and you carry that, you carry that around as a little bit of extra weight as you're going through this other journey that's really hard to do in the first place.


Especially, and if you're looking for, and I do think it's weight on them. Yeah. If you're looking for it, how, how do you not, you're the comments, But people say like, I don't go in the comments. That's nonsense. You know, I don't, I don't check that stuff. Yes, you do. It's like saying, it's like being, it's like being in a comedy club, right. And whenever you're in a comedy club and you're doing a show, there's gonna be a table of people that like, aren't having it, just not feeling it. Yeah. Social media is, then you have to ride home with that table in the cab and, and hear them talk their shit. But to suggest that, like, I don't listen to it. Like, people are calling your name, you're not gonna go, what? Like, of course you know about it.


How can you not? Well, there's a difference between knowing about it and then obsessing over it. Well, That's, yes, no question. You have to learn how to, I try to avoid as much of it as I possibly can. Right. Because I think it's, I think it's damaging. It's, it starts putting, that's my, you know, it's like being, it's like being in a room in high school and you hear people in the bathroom talking about you. Right. Are you just gonna stay there and be like, oh, cool, I hope all five of these people just rip me apart for the next 10 minutes. I'll just stay here. Or do you just kind of be like, all right, that's kind of fucked up. Were were there. I remember when I was just leaving the show is when like the internet was kind of coming to bear.


Like, well, We talked about that. 'cause I remember talking to you Yep. The end of 2015 and you left. And it reminded me of when my dad retired from being a superintendent in 2009. And one of the reasons was 'cause the phones were coming and social media was coming. And he is like, I gotta get out. I don't know where this is going and I don't wanna be in charge when this heads to where I think it's going. Right. And that was kind of your mentality when you left the Daily Show originally. Yeah. You were like, it's, it's, I see where this is going and I don't like it. Right. It stole, I think a lot of the joy of it to some extent, but also the relentlessness of the news cycle and the redundancy of the news cycle. I sort of got to a point where I didn't know how to creatively elevate the show anymore.


I just didn't feel like I had the ability to do that. And I felt myself checking out Hmm. To the extent that it wasn't fair. You can't, you shouldn't just stay in a place because you can, because they'll let you, you know, you don't wanna just coast combining that with my kids were at that age where like, I needed to be there. You know, they were 7, 8, 9 years old. Like, I needed to be there in a more explicit way than I had been able to throughout the run of the show. So all those things kind of coalesced into a very clear feeling of This is, you kind of know when it's time.


Yeah. This is, this is the right move. I've always said one of the best decisions I ever made was accepting the job. And one of the other best decisions I ever made was when I left. Because I'll never, I will ne I would never have been able to get those years back. Just even the like, driving them home from school. Right. Every day. And you just hear shit you wouldn't hear. I was there at the crying times before crying because I didn't want to go to school, school and crying because they didn't wanna go to bed. Those were the only two times I got to see anybody. So having that experience broaden out, like priceless, you know, But then you Comeback and now you're in a weird spot.


But now They went to, they go to college and I'm like, oh, well that's the other thing. You find out, oh, my kid's 15 now he barely wants to hang out with me. Yeah, exactly. Yeah. Oh, all right. I guess, I guess I'm just an at TM machine now. And then occasionally we have dinner. That's So fun. I was saying that to Paul Reddy was on the show. I was like, you know, I think I made a mistake when I was a little younger and that I didn't make any friends. And so when my son and my daughter went off to college, I was like, huh, Hey honey, you wanna, you wanna watch a game and eat a sandwich? And I was like, no. New John Ham show on Apple Jump In a couple episodes. Yeah, yeah. But you're in a spot now where I feel like you could do Monday and Thursday and probably, but, but no, Don't add.


I'm Just saying, I just, I'm in a spot now. Monday Davell ask to, Until, you know, the company is bought out by people that don't want anything to do with the Daily Show, and then who the fuck knows what's gonna happen. I mean, look what they're doing now. That's 60 minutes and CBS news and everything else. I Was gonna ask you about that. This, it feels like we're in, we're in an area now that we've never been in in my lifetime. Oh, it's insane. People Are just like the 60 minute thing that was in that was like the NFL and five other things in my life that I just felt like would go on for the entire time until I die. And now I wonder if it's gonna exist, Wonder if it's gonna exist. Because an interview, they, they aired an edited interview, which is how all interviews air Now.


You can make comments about, well, I think I didn't like the way they edited it in the way that oftentimes people don't like the way they edited it, but it certainly doesn't rise to the level of libel, slander, or whatever the fuck else they think they're doing with a $2 billion lawsuit. It's a purely subjective editorial decision that are made every day, including on Fox News and OAN or whatever it is that Trump feels like. But what you're seeing now is all must pay tribute to the king and the price of that, the price of peace is different.


You know, A BC had to pay 15 million, Bezos had to pay 40 million for a documentary on Melania. Zuckerberg had to pay, they just paid trip. They just put money into the pot so that hopefully they don't get, they're paying. Like what does that remind you of, Michael Cordio Protection money. Right? It's protection money. So ultimately at the end of this, does Trump burn our fucking country down for insurance money? Like, where are we headed? But the reason why the guy from 60 Minutes, and the reason why the head of CBS News left is it's not even about the money, which I think is, they've said is upwards of like 50 million.


Imagine paying $50 million for fucking nothing, just to get somebody to approve a merger. A, it's bribery. But b, the reason they all left is part of the deal is they have to apologize. And in that moment, these people who have built careers on their excellence and their integrity had to look and go like, all right, well I hope I've done well enough that I can weather this, but there's no fucking way that I'm going to apologize for doing my job the way it's supposed to be done, just because this one guy is offended by it.


And ultimately, what an awful precedent that these media companies ha have set. But you know, now, now he'll go after Harvard and Comcast or whatever the hell else he does because a policy of appeasement always leads to more conquest. It's, and there's been, it's tragic And There's been a bunch of soul searching on the other side for It lasts year On what side? About The Democrat liberal side on what did we do wrong? How did we get this? Oh, oh, Oh. How, how do we fix this?


Oh yeah. Well, That, that's been whi which has honestly resembled sports. Oh, you, oh, you think it's, it's like a, did they fire the coach and then they're gonna bring Somebody going? It's one of those where it's like, we lost in the second round what happened? What do we do now? What right is it Our drafts is our best. And the way that, that the liberal Democrat side has approached it, it's almost like we have to blow this up and start over and we, we have to rethink our right. And I don't, I don't, I don't feel like it's a six month fix because a lot of the same issues are on that side with, you know, authenticity, honesty, the same kind of medium machine shit, but Shit. But set the stage for it.


The, the corruption of the system sets the stage for these kinds of disruptions. Yes. Like the, I I'm convinced that the Iraq war and the way it was prosecuted and the fact that Bush and the Republican, you know, that the establishment Republicans, that, that led that charge, that is what opened the opportunity in the door for Donald Trump to demolish and take over the husk of that party. Hmm. They had so destroyed their credibility that for somebody to come in with a new idea, take a hold of that apparatus and turn it on its head was exactly that.


That was, that was set, the ground was set because of the actions of, in Iraq and all those other things. This, and what happened with Biden and everything else will set the stage for similar opportunity in the Democratic party. Whether or not someone is able to grab that apparatus and build something powerful and effective out of, it'll be the real trick. And we might not even know who that would be, but certainly the opportunity right now is there because the status quo right of that party is tainted. Everybody's got it on them, almost everybody.


Which means that it really opens the door for somebody to walk in and go, I'll take your infrastructure, but the rest of you motherfuckers have to go, or you have to get in line and, and this is the new way that we pursue the vision for whatever the Democratic party's gonna be. Or you need one or two great people, which is another like, or Or one or two not so great people who just have the, I mean, I wouldn't suggest that, you know, Trump, Trump is a, a great person, but he, he was a person with a vision. And when things are in disrepair, vision goes a long way. Vision and will. And I think it's entirely possible.


And I think it's actually the opportunity is there. I just hope that they seize it in the right way and don't just paper over, which is what you tend to think they're going to do. We have two years here to figure it out. Not you, but just what? Just the, the, the country.


This episode is brought to you by LinkedIn. Every basketball team that's still alive in the playoffs has one thing in common. Their key trades and signings throughout the season paid off giving each team the talent needed to make a run at the championship. With a small business, your success directly depends on the new talent you add to your team. And a great place to find that talent is LinkedIn. They know hiring is a big deal for small businesses, not only because small businesses are wearing so many hats, but also because every hire is crucial for a growing company. That's why LinkedIn pairs you with the best candidates using data you won't find anywhere else from unique skills and interests to the connections you have in common. LinkedIn also lets you go beyond candidates who are actively applying in a given week. 171 million LinkedIn members aren't actively seeking jobs, but they are open to new opportunities. That's a big pool to miss out on. So find your next grid hire on LinkedIn. Post your job for free at LinkedIn dot com slash simmons. That's LinkedIn dot com slash simmons to post your job for free terms and conditions apply.


This episode is brought to you by Better Help. There's still a lot of stigma around mental health. Let's change that. This mental Health awareness month, let's encourage everyone to get support when they need it. And if you're not sure where to find that support, check out better help with a network of over 30,000 licensed therapists. They can help you find the right fit. We're all better with help. Visit better help.com/ Bill Simmons to get 10% off your first month. That's better. Help HEL p.com/ Bill Simmons.


It's funny, my friend Van Latham was over last night who works, who works for The Ringer, right? And we were hanging out in the kitchen actually watching the Knicks game and he was asking my son about what he's studying in history and he was talking about the fifties and sixties and some of the things he, he's learning, we were talking about the sixties. This is one of those weird kitchen conversations. We were talking about all the great people in the sixties and then how many of them were, were murdered. Or in the case of like Muhammad Ali, they wouldn't let a box for five years and all the ways it got fucked up. But we just had this unusual collection of awesome, interesting. One of one people all at the same time for whatever reason. That's right.


And I wonder, can that happen again in the 2020s or in the 2030s? Is that even possible anymore where we would just have this, this confluence Absolutely. Of, of, oh shit, absolutely. Hey, we have this person and this person and this person. Maybe we're in good hands again. I mean, I think circumstance dictates the people that, that rise to those challenges. And I absolutely think, you know, in opportunity almost never goes wasted. Like I, I think, I think someone always steps up and steps in. Maybe not to the extent that we'd want it to or maybe on the other side, but I I I always remain optimistic because there's too many Look I do Too.


On an individual basis. There's just too many fucking good people. Yeah. And, and I don't think these things all go in sort of cycles and those cycles change. And as they say, the arc of the moral universe is long, but it bends towards justice. But what people don't say a whole lot is, but it doesn't bend by itself and there's a whole bunch of people trying to bend it the other way. So those things are, are necessary. But I think you also have kind of, you have to have kind of a more clear-eyed view of what it takes to bend that thing and where you wanna bend it. And there were How, how old is your son now?


My son's a high school junior. Can I ask you a question? And this is a personal question, I hope and, and I don't want you to be upset with me. Does he forgive me. Oh, for the wrestling? Yeah. When you ruin the wrestling event. But you were the big surprise. I sent you the video. My son was like, who the hell is Jon Stewart? His son is like seven years old. He's cursing me out. Yeah. The kid, the kid was cursing me out. The who, what is this asshole? Who Is this? You were the big swerve in a, like a pay-per-view. Yeah. Was the sw and my son thought it was gonna be somebody else In Summer Slam. And it was a match between Rollins and Ena.


Yeah. Ena was gonna win his record championship and I was the swerve. I jumped in. But we should, we should explain. You were in the exact same position I was in with my son. We're at that stage where you just wanna impress your son. Oh, your son loved wrestling. And you're like, that's right. This is the most son impress Years older than you kid. That's right. I went to you taking a giant bump, but I jumped out of the story. Boy did I take a giant bump on that. That was, that might've been the dumbest move I think I've made. And I was not, when I took the pump, I was not a young man. I think I was probably like 53, 4, 5. Like I was an old man taking an attitude adjustment from John Cena, which was stupid. We blamed, we blame baby do me and Jim and Sal.


We can I tell you something with that one? We were like, you left them. This is the most unprotected you've ever left a client. He just got, Here's the thing where James Always attitude adjustment Always has a problem. I do freelance, I do, I do go rogue and I do shit and then he'll just hear about it. Yeah. And he'll be like, what are you doing? And I'll be like, oh, it's just a, I got into a feud with this wrestler Seth Rollins. You know, Nate loves wrestling, so we've been going to the wrestling matches and all that. And don't worry, it'll, it'll be fine. Oh yeah, no, they want me to do summer slam. He's like, what? I was like, yeah, no, it's this thing. I'll go, it'll be fine. And so at Summer Slam, well it's actually on raw, where I took the bump. Summer slam is where I ruined the match for Bill Simmons child, who I didn't think would forgive me, but No, he is, I think he's forgiven you Bump, he's over it.


I can't forgive the bump. 'cause that was crazy. Even if you were like 35, that would've been a crazy bump. Yeah, that's a bump. Like pasture twenties. I'm not taking it. Part of it is I don't think ahead. So I don't really like quite understand. Did they practice it with you though? Prac practice? They didn't take you in the back and do like No, put you on the big nothing so you had no idea. Comes in. I think here, here's what he said. Just tuck your, tuck your chin, tuck your head, yell your chin, and I'll do the rest. And I was like, okay, tuck Your, your Chin. Yeah. So you gotta, okay. Do this so that I guess your head's not out. So you really, I think it's to protect you from like, really?


Because I dunno, the floor of the wrestling ring is not soft. Yeah. It's, it's hard. It's on springs, but it's hard. It still hurts Like a motherfucker. Yeah. So when we did it, now, to be fair, WW was very thorough in their medical examination prior to me taking the bump. Okay. About five minutes before I was supposed to go out there, a guy walks in, he goes, I'm the doctor. I go, okay. And he goes, how you feeling? I go, I'm okay. And he goes, okay. That was it. Any problems? You ever, you ever have a heart attack? No.


Okay. Yeah. Good. Any, any major back issues? Have you ever been or no? Right. Oh, are you old and decrepit and made of hollow? Are you, do you have the bones of a sparrow here, let's get you out there right now. Jesus. So I went out there and I'm up on Sena who's gigantic and muscular. And he, and there wasn't, there's no like, oh, let me drop you down with the attitude adjustment. It was the full FI hit and the electricity went from directly from the back of my head down into my Coxs and threw my legs. Like, it felt like an electrocution, like you had plugged me into an outlet socket. It's Probably like get like getting rear-ended in a car.


Yes. It's like same kind of sensation, The whole thing. And they're like, just play it like you're hurt. And I'm like, I can do that. Yeah. Because I'm fucking hurt. Yeah. But the one thing I really learned through the experience is if you're gonna do something like that, tuck, tuck your shirt in. Because when you go down on an attitude adjustment on live television, and you got that big old white tuna belly just popping. Oh, I Forgot about that. The belly popped out. Yeah. Two, the little, little tuna belly popping out of the jeans. That that's, that's not a wwe E superstar look. That's not, it is rough.


It was rough. I'm glad you survived it. All right, thank you. I took too much of your time. Like, we gotta end with the Knicks though. All right. Are you going to game two? So I can't, I've got, shit, it's a holiday week. I've got some shit I gotta do, but I'm hoping to get there next week. Yeah. And look man, I've loved watching this team. I really do. They're, it's the most talented nick team that I've seen them have in a really long time, maybe since I've been really paying attention, except in the seventies. And what I also like about 'em is they're good dudes. Like yeah. They're just easy to root for.


They're hardworking. There's not a lot of like, look at me shit. Like they're really, they're a fun, incredible group. This has been a ride that like you dream about a little bit. It would be great to get to the finals, but man, Indiana's a wagon like it, they're gon it's gonna be hard. But you know, I, they're not out of it. I don't, I don't view it like I've viewed the Celtics series. I view it like we could be in every game, but then, you know, look, what was it? 1 38, 1 35 and before overtime even like, we're playing the pacer style right now. And I don't know, we can survive that. You don. Yeah. I don't know if we can survive that. What do you think 1993, Mike and the Mad Dog would've said about that loss last night?


Hey Dad, dad. Mike, a waste of time. These guys are there. Oh yeah. Dog, dog, dog, dog. That is the most humongous loss the Nicks have Ever had. Dog. They're never gonna, you're never gonna see a loss like that again in the, in the garden. The garden. Never see that again. I haven't gone to the garden since 1908. I saw, I saw Tony fight Dempsey, I saw Tony fight Dempsey in the garden in 19 and that was the only time I ever thought same, same kind of thing. Dogs, Mike, you, you must have listened to that back in the day all the time. Right? Mike and the dog. Yeah. Was anything better than when they did the Oscars?


Nothing. No. Mike and the Dog. Like ever, ever. That was to me, that's, that created podcasting. Mike and the mad dog decided they were gonna weigh in. Oh, that's interesting. I feel like they created it when they weighed in on like the 94 Oscars or the Emmys. I was like, this is, this is the model for something down the road. It is stunning how influential they were through and are and are through broadcasting more dog now. I think France does it do A ton. But I I feel like a lot of the people that have huge platforms now, and I include myself were like massively influenced by that specific show. 'cause of those interplay back and forth with those guys Yes. Is really what all those podcasts became.


Well, all the, the the first take and all those other ones I think are in, in many ways sons Of those shows. Yeah, yeah, Absolutely. Those guys were, and when they came on the air, the fan was nascent. Like it wasn't as big a deal. You had Stevie Summers, you know, at night doing all his stuff and dog and, and francesa and like, it lit up sports in a way that, you know, for New Yorkers was like this, you know, and now everybody does kind of their impression of that. But, but it's amazing. And to see, especially Dog Lake still going strong, it's kind of great. No, he's, it's A long career And with, with some chapters to it too.


Well now the fan used to listen to the fan. It, it seems like some of it is a little performative because the quips are really funny. Yeah. Well it also has to be, you know, There's two ball guys just like absolutely losing their mind over the protection behind Aaron Judge or what that Juan Soto seems unhappy. Yeah. And the, the Problem I have now sometimes with the fan is a lot of the voices sound the same. Like the nice thing about Dog and Francesa is Yeah, they were like Halling oats, like one guy sang high blues and the other guy, and every now and again it's like, yeah. So that treble and bass really worked. Now you get shows that are like treble Treble. Yeah. And it's, you don't know who's talking and they're all at the same pitch.


Yeah. And it's just kind of cacophony and like you say, pretty performative, pretty obviously takes with like kind of holes in them. Still fun to listen to, but you know, it's, but we're also old heads. We're old heads. So New York radio will never die. The the, the one thing with, I'm blanking on the, what's the guy's name Dog was on when he goes on First Take and he does basically national version of the dog. That was the part I never thought he would be able to navigate the way he has. Oh really? Oh really? I always felt like, I always felt like it was, that was a New York show with New York people and I never thought, oh, hes such, he's such a character.


I never thought he'd become a national treasure because I think he's great. He's So legitimately funny. Yeah. That I think that translates through it. And the way that he just runs through, you know, the whole like joyous Sports And a good ticket gummy, I'm gonna ticket gummy, I'm gonna sit down, I'm gonna take a gummy and watch it, I'm gonna watch the Yankees. You know, he just, he, he legitimately is just an entertaining personality. One of the things I learned from that show was how completely, seriously they took everything. Like they would talk about tennis, right. And dog would have these passionate opinions about like Monica sells. Right. And Mike, I I think she might be the best woman's player ever, like right now.


And it just, and just would go all in and I'd be like, wow, this is an incredible, incredible take. Never thought it was gonna Sell. No, they were hot Takes. But the nice part about them is they were a hot take in a sea of like lukewarm water. So it's so, it's So brutal. Yeah. It was really, It's so stood out for just, it's as we said earlier, like there was an authenticity to it. The these two guys and, and, and just, it was brilliant. PTI was another one like that. I feel like those were the Oh yeah. If you're talking about podcasting, PTI is a great one. The Form those two, the, the interplay and the chemistry is what matters. Well, we'll on. I've always loved and I, you know, those guys, you know, and again, like sometimes duos really are more than the sum of their parts.


Like those guys are great on their own. Yeah. But like Doug and France as it were together, it was just, it was magic. You Know, it was like that Larry, David and Doc River would have a great talk show. I'm telling you they have it. The combo of those guys. It's like a Fascinating, sorry, David is doing dog. He's doing dog. Yeah. He was there last tell Us he's the greatest At all time. She's the best. What is talent doing? What he doing? Whatcha doing? Towns drive the lane. You're bigger than he's, by the way, when towns was posting up on Drew Holiday, what, why would the Celtics put Drew holiday on towns?


I think like, people try to Jedi mind trick towns with smaller people hoping Oh, is that elbow them in the face or bold them over. Yeah. That's why I was just like, what's going on here? Because e every now and again, like you'll see a bad switch and like somebody will end up on towns who's like six three. Yeah. But this really, like, it happened enough where like, oh no, that's the plan. People Try to use towns against himself is the plan. Ah, Ah, The, the good and bad of towns. They hope the bad goes out. Wait, It lasts. Question. Are you worried about Juan Soto or No, he played, they played the Red Sox this week and he seemed, I I, you Know, he seemed a little suen. I would You don't, suen is the word I would use. You don't remember the first year of Francisco Lindor?


You don't remember the first year of Carlos Beltran? You don't remember. And by the way, You don't remember the first four years of Jason Bay. Like people come in there. First of all, Juan Soto right now is not failing. He's not all star. Juan Soto. Yeah. But he's still a very solid performer in a lineup that's underperformed recently. But you're not talking about the emotions. He's He's played a much better outfield than I think people thought he was going to play. And I'm not gonna read the, like, facial expressions of a a, a superstar that's gonna be here for 15 years Who already seems sad. Yeah. Like I didn't, I never thought of him as like the happy warrior to begin with.


Like, I didn't bring him over here 'cause I, you know, get excited about it. 'cause I thought he was super entertaining and gregarious. This is, I Just thought, see this is what Mets nation needed. They needed this defense. Oh. But, but we're always worried about everything. Again, you're talking about a a, a fan base that like whatever will go wrong, whatever could go wrong goes wrong. Tyrese Halliburton throws up a fucking prayer. It hits the back of the rim, goes straight up in the air and in any other universe other than the New York Knicks universe, it goes over the backboard. Right.


That's the arc The ball is supposed to travel. It doesn't, It's the highest it other than maybe the koa shot the highest that they Right. A game winner has gone. Or a game tire. I've, I've never seen anything like it for god's sakes. The, the little stat track said the Nixon said 99.8%. They're gonna like, only in New York, New York Mets are gonna go to the thing. UIs Espi breaks his ankle riding a bull. Like only shit that can happen happens to us. And over time you expect it. So, you know, that's what they've done with the Mets is already fighting the gravity of our history.


What Cohen has been able to do with them, what Stearns has been able to do with them is to counteract the gravity of our history in a way that looks like we might actually be competitive. For years that's never been the case that Happened with the Red Sox. When, when they, they specifically, when they got Manny in 2000, they actually spent money on 'em. And it took a couple years, but at least like the foundation was laid for like, oh we traded for Pedro, we got Manny Right Now we can actually like maybe fight the Yankees. You also built a farm system that started to bring up studs. Yeah. Like that's the key, like the Mets. Even before when Cohen was there, they were still doing shit like, alright, well we want to be good who are the oldest pitchers we can pay?


Find me two of the oldest pitchers. Right. And pay them more than anybody's ever gotten. And maybe they'll, you know, make us good for six months. Now they've taken, Stearns has come in and completely flipped the approach. He's building a ground up solid infrastructure. Will you win the World Series? Who fucking knows the World Series is? It's a craps shoot. And the Dodgers are gonna be there for a while and the Yankees are gonna be there and, but they're at least You wanna sustainably Good. Thank you. That's What, that's what the Said know for, and that's what Leon Rose and Thito have done for the Knicks.


It's much harder to keep going in the NBA, but Yeah. You know, because I, I, I don't dunno how you feel about this, but I feel like the NBA capital rules and all that other shit. No, they fucked It up. It's, we, we've been talking about it on my pod constantly. They fucked it up. They, they, how Were we not able to pay Hartenstein what we wanted to pay him? That makes no sense. We wanted to keep that dude. I know. And we couldn't, The problem is they reward bad teams who throw away seasons to get high picks is a better strategy than just like signing players smartly, making good trades, drafting well, and then you somehow get penalized for it. They, they shouldn't have been penalized for the Hartenstein thing. 'cause that was a such a great, such a great signing.


But then they had to Lose him anyway. And if they had been able to keep him, my guess is they probably, They don't do the counts. Yeah. They would've run it back. Still would've gotten bridges and then you would be a deeper team. Yes. I loved how when they were deeper. I, I'm, I'm, I like that. Like Indiana's built really well. They really are. And, and this is interesting too. I wonder what you think about, this is such a repudiation of like the super team, like these are great teams, but these aren't superstar teams. Right? It's other than like, ok, C'S got Sha and then you know what, because the, the league is so much deeper Now you can actually build a team a little differently and You don't have to have like the top heavy, best two guys.


You can actually go 7, 8, 9 deep. That's what the Celtics tried to do. I mean then they had too many injuries this year, but Right. But even the cel, like imagine having Tatum and, and Brown and then like having to worry about holding your team together. Like teams shouldn't have to worry about holding together like that. That's bullshit. You're preaching in the choir. Jon Stewart, this was great. Thank you for all the time. I'm glad we finally did this, this on pod pleasure. It's nice. See Catch up with you. Yeah, good seeing you as well. Alright. All right. I appreciate it. Thank you. Bye-bye. Go next. Alright, That's it for the podcast. Thanks to Jon Stewart. I had a great time thanks to Gaal and Eduardo as well. Don't forget you can watch all of the quips and videos from this podcast on the Bill Simmons YouTube channel.


You can watch the re watchable and The Ringer Movies YouTube channel. You can watch everything we're doing as video podcasts and Heaven Can Wait is going to be the next re watchable on Monday night. I am also on the Prestige TV podcast this week talking about your friends and neighbors. Season eight. That's your friends and Neighbors episode eight. Hopefully it gets to eight seasons, but the eighth episode, I think we're hitting the end. Me, Joe, and Robinson and Rob Mahoney. So if you watch that show, go check out the podcast That is gonna be going up on Friday. Enjoy the three day weekend. I'm gonna be back Sunday afternoon with OW and I will see them.


I Must be 21 plus in President Select states for Kansas and affiliation with Kansas Star Casino or 18 plus in president dc. Gambling problem, call 100 GAMBLER. Visit rg help.com. Call 1 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org/chat in Connecticut. Or visit md gambling help.org at Maryland. Hope is here. Visit gambling helpline ma.org or call 803 2 7 50 50 for twenty four seven.


Support Massachusetts or call 1 8 7 7 8 Hope NY or Text Hope NY in New York.


This episode is brought to you by LinkedIn. Every basketball team that's still alive in the playoffs has one thing in common. Their key trades and signings throughout the season paid off giving each team the talent needed to make a run at the championship. With a small business, your success directly depends on the new talent you add to your team. And a great place to find that talent is LinkedIn. You know, hiring is a big deal for small businesses, not only because small business are wearing so many hats, but also because every hire is crucial for a growing company. That's why LinkedIn pairs you with the best candidates using data you won't find anywhere else from unique skills and interests to the connections you have in common. LinkedIn also lets you go beyond candidates who are actively applying in a given week. 171 million LinkedIn members aren't actively seeking jobs, but they are open to new opportunities. That's a big pool to miss out on. So find your next great hire on LinkedIn. Post your job for free at LinkedIn dot com slash simmons. That's LinkedIn dot com slash simmons. Post your job for free terms and conditions apply.


This episode is brought to you by Michelob Ultra. What do I look forward to every BA playoff season? Well, I'm always hoping the Celtics do well. I'm always hoping we have great storylines. Great games, great matchups, great game sevens. I just hope for good basketball. But the NBA playoffs, they're even better with Michelob Bocher, the official beer partner of the BA plus. They're getting fans closer to the game with a chance to win courtside tickets and more. Enter now at michelob bocher.com/courtside. Michelob belcher's superior access Courtside 2024 to 25 sweepstakes no purchase necessary. Open to US residents. 21 or older ends on July 1st, 2025, multiple entry periods. Visit mic low belcher.com/superior access slash courtside for free entry. Entry. Deadlines and official rules, message and data rates may apply void. Where prohibited.