
You're listening to The Bill Simmons Podcast presented by FanDuel. FanDuel has made it easier than ever to see how your bets are doing without even opening the app. Now you can get the latest updates, follow along in real time, directly from your phone's lock screen, yeah. Or Apple Watch, no login required. Just head to your My Bets page to turn it on if you don't already have it. Download the FanDuel Sportsbook app today to get in on the action. The Ringer is committed to responsible gaming. Please visit rg help.com to learn more about the resources and helplines available. And Listen to the end of this episode for additional details. You Must be 21 plus of President select states scam problem called win hundred GAMBLER. Visit rg help.com.


Coming up Warriors Lakers, White Lotus Half Baked Ideas Action Pack. Next.


This episode is brought to by Intuit TurboTax. Taxes was waiting and wondering, worrying. It's almost like how in the old days of fantasy football, we used to have to tally the scores on a Monday and then the commissioner would just mail by mouth to everybody and you would wait three days to see if you won. Those were the old ways of doing it. Now, taxes is matching with a TurboTax Live full service expert who gives your taxes their undivided attention. They can file your taxes as soon as today. And while they do get real time updates on their progress, meaning you can get back to what's important, the game Now, this is taxes Intuit TurboTax. Get an expert now on turbotax.com.


We're also brought to you by The Ringer Podcast Network. Hey, I got a new re watchable is coming this week because Kyle Brant and I, we decided to do The Saint because Val Kilmer passed away. And we wanna talk about Val Kilmer and we wanna talk about a very bizarre movie that we both love. So we're just putting it up this week. So Monday's podcast will be this weekend, this saint. Be ready for it. You can watch it as a video on Spotify or you can watch it on The Ringer Movies YouTube channel. And then Sunday Night White Lotus season finale right after it ends. We're going live on Ringer tv, the YouTube channel that we have.


And we are recording our Reaction podcast with me and Mallory Rubin and Joanne Robinson. So you can watch us live on YouTube on Ringer TV or just wait and watch it as a video podcast on Spotify or wherever you get your podcast. I will also be doing a Sunday podcast with SCE that day as well. We'll see. I'm like LeBron. Do I, can I still play at that kind of pace? Do I, can I still be a 40 minutes a game guy in the playoffs? We're gonna find out on Sunday. Stay tuned. Coming up on this podcast, Rob Mahoney and I, we wanted to talk about Lakers Warriors tonight because it was an important game. It had a lot of playoff implications and also just to see those two teams, who they are right now after the trades and what they look like against each other.


So we talked about that plus White Lotus Season a finale. And then my old friend Kevin Wildes came on and we talked about is April the greatest take month? Talked about Will Chamberlain talked about a bunch of stuff and then we did a slew of half Baked Ideas. So that's the pod first. Our friends from Pro Champ.


All right. Recording this a little before 10 o'clock Pacific time. Rob Mahoney is here from the Prestige TV podcast. Oh wait, you do basketball too? I forgot. Occasionally. Yeah. So we watch the basketball just now. Warriors Lakers a game that they used to kinda shove down our throats and we used to like it because Stef and LeBron were playing. But they were two ultimately harmless teams and now they're actual contenders. And it was a fascinating enough matchup with a lot at stake and we decided to wait until afterwards to do a little pod about it. So what'd you learn? What was your number one thing you learned This game was sick. Really enjoyed it. Enjoyed everybody. Everybody involved has still got it to the extent that they needed to prove that they still got it.


And I mean the game of Brandon PKIs life, one of the games of Austin Reeves' Life. Yeah, I was, this game was weird, but I think representative of both teams in that it was half absolute slog. Like the, the middle part of this game I thought was really slow. The, the rhythm of the game felt really disjointed. And yet the shop making was at such a high level and overall like the veteran execution was at such a high level. Yeah. By both teams in spots, by obviously by the Warriors in greater numbers. I, I wanted to figure out one thing to overreact to. Yeah. What you got. That's what we do on these Thursday night pods after I'm a little groggy. I don't know if the Lakers can rebound and defend at the level you need to be to actually win four straight playoff rounds.


Yeah. For nine straight weeks. And that was in the back of my head this whole time, that these guys were so talented, the three guys together that maybe it wouldn't matter. And then you watch a game like this when they're getting, you know how many the warriors had 14 offensive rebounds. Yep. You know, they, they were, I wouldn't say hunting different matchups, but they certainly got a lot of threes that they liked. They ended up going 19 for 42 from three. And defensively they basically was small ball against small ball, which the warriors are like delighted to do that. So if I'm the Lakers, I'm not too upset 'cause Luca didn't play well. Right.


On the other hand, I didn't get anything from my bench and I really have an issue at center. I don't have, I have haze and that's about it. And I'm playing Rui and I have this oversized, I have some size, but it goes back to that Mark Williams trade, which is still, you know, could be a a a sliding doors what if for the, for the season for them. But if he came into the game today, yes, with what we saw from him after the trade deadline, that's at least changing what the Warriors have to do a little bit. Now they're like, oh shit. All right. I guess it's gotta play Looney for a couple minutes here. I think small ball against small ball. I just like the Warrior's chances more. I think so too. They're just, I mean they're better practiced at it. Jimmy Butler included, like he was playing this way in Miami for a long time too in stretches.


Especially as like a small ball four. But if, when you think about the Mark Williams element or the Jackson Hayes shadow element, however you wanna define it, yeah. They're guarding Steph so aggressively that he's having to cut and he's having to drive against that kind of top locking. And so if you have a rim protector there, all those Steph drives don't look so cute anymore. Now all those, none, those are, that's a really complicated premise to have to navigate for Curry, especially when he has a, a pelvic contusion or whatever was, he's coming back from not words I like in conjunction with one another, but he, he played really well and he was able to play really well because ultimately the Lakers are, they are small ball, they also have a, a certain kind of beef in size in terms of a lot of small forward and power forward shaped guys.


But I'd have constant questions as to whether that size is is real or not. Is that tangible in a way that's gonna impact games? 'cause they are not by rule like an offensive rebounding jug or not. They are not a team that really pushes people around. Like they can create advantages offensively with that size, but if they're not leveraging on a defense, how are they gonna survive against some of these higher leverage matchups? Yeah, they're not tall but they're big. They're big. But then in games like this where it's just, you see the other team that has that can move the ball around. Yeah. That can get to the rim that has a bunch of different options that has bench scoring that can exploit their bench against the Lakers bench. Then you start to get a little nervous.


I mean Curry finished with 37 10 for 21 is starting to play his way towards second team. L-N-B-A-I feel like might already be there. Especially 'cause it doesn't seem like brunson's coming back in time. Yeah. And I do you believe in legacy stuff at all with this? Like do you feel like almost like in boxing where you gotta actually beat the champ to take the title. Like if it's he's on the bubble second team or third team, same for LeBron. It's like eh gonna edge you towards second team for the, for the pedigree. I don't, maybe that's not the right way to think about it, but I that for both of those guys, that's what I'm probably gonna end up doing 'cause of the pedigree Look, It's very generous of you and if you're gonna be generous towards somebody, make it the all time legends who are in our midst.


So I, I can't really argue with it too much. For me it's more like if you are LeBron, if you are Steph and I see you sliding towards a team that feels not representative of who you are for your career, maybe I give you like another look. It's like okay that doesn't feel quite right. Let's make sure I'm picking Jaron Jackson Jr. Over LeBron James and I feel okay about that. Right. No disrespect to Jaron Jackson Jr is amazing, but he is not LeBron. So yeah, they do deserve that. If nothing else, a little courtesy. Well the Warriors are 20 and four since that Butler trade in the games. Jesus that he's actually played, he was quiet today for the most part, but also wasn't quiet, felt like he was president in the game. Oh yeah. And then there was a couple spots where he took over and he would get to like, he just, he has a sense for when they need him.


I really like the way this team plays together. The Minga piece was the question for me trying to shoehorn him in and you could have, yeah like I even looked at his props today heading into the game and like his over under for points was 13 and Half. And I was thinking like, that feels way too high to me. But I also wouldn't be surprised if that's way too low. It was one of those. And then, you know, he was out there for big stretches in lunchtime. Definitely they were playing him and Draymond, Zeki Curry and Butler and that was their five. And it was, it's interesting 'cause I don't know, I don't know if we've seen those five guys together in a big situation like that before They had size. Yeah. They, Domingo was doing the thing where he's kind of floating around the baseline and doing these weird little back cuts.


They could switch a little bit on defense with all that. But it also helps that Zeki had, you know, as you said, one of the best games of his career. But the Domingo thing, would you see, would you notice notice I think this was the best that he and Butler in particular have played together and they haven't had a, it's like nine or 10 games maybe that they've been able to actually be out there at the same time. And yeah, It's one of those things where Butler is such like an intuitive player in terms of the flow of the game. You put him out there with Draymond and Steph, like he gets how to move. He gets how to connect and, and make the right passes and, and find the flow. I would not say Jonathan Minga is a terribly intuitive player. It took him like three years to figure out how to play with Steph Curry. The idea that he's just gonna jump in. And now Jimmy Butler another kind of like iffy spacer, a funky player to have to find your way with like Jimmy Butler makes spacers and bigs better.


Does he make players like him better? Traditionally it's a little bit more of a mixed bag. And so the data with them two on the floor coming into this game was mostly terrible. Yeah. Like the, those minutes just had not worked. This felt like some real signs of life for a combination that if the Warriors are going to make any kind of run actually does need to work I think. Yeah. What was funny about what you said about the Lakers of like if that they may not have enough to string together consecutive series with their defense. I feel the exact opposite way about the Warriors, where it's like they need to prove they can string it together offensively to not just beat anyone in a series but to beat for anyone's in a row. Like that's that's a lot to ask. Yeah, it's true. Well the minga, the, the on off numbers with him were pretty, were pretty rough.


Even though it was a limited sample size, they were really good with Santos kind of strangely good with Post too and Post was out there today doing the whole, I'm not afraid of anybody, I'm not afraid of you. LeBron, LeBron is talking shit. LeBron was like, what's going on with this guy? But Minga against the Lakers has always been interesting because athletically size wise, physicality wise, sure he can kind of battle and bounce with those dudes. And I always feel like Kerr likes throwing him out there against the Lakers. 'cause you know, Kago the best thing about him is he's like, oh, LeBron James and I are equals You guys didn't realize we're we're, we're in the same plane in the NBA a pyramid.


Well sometimes That works out. Like there have been points of this season where Brandon Pki thought he was the player Austin Reeves is right now. Right. And that's now paying off like he's now figuring out his way into the lineup and it's, it's really working this new starting group for Golden State. So I think I'm a little higher on the Warriors than you. It sounds like for for, for a se from a ceiling standpoint. Yeah. I actually really like where they are. What what are your hesitations? I think it's just stringing it all together and, and I think the toll it takes on anybody to play small, right? Like and you see this with the Lakers too. Like I'm still trying to figure out are the Lakers the elite defense that they were for like the first month after the Luca trade or the garbage defense we've seen over the last month or so. Yeah. Golden State isn't that polar, but there are gonna be matchups that are tough for them.


There's gonna be matchups that just require a ton of Draymond Green in particular a ton of Jimmy Butler in particular. And then you're playing multiple small guards in a lot of these looks. And so all of a sudden the toll of that for three series in a row I think might just be a little bit too much. And so it's the kind of thing where I would, I think they can beat, they can upset anyone in the first round. I think they have that in them. Yeah. But chaining those series together against really formidable Western conference opponents where everyone's kind of in the same relative class. I think that might just be a lot. Well they interviewed JJ before the fourth quarter with Ally LaForce and he was friendly and Kurt, I mean Unfriendly and Kurt unfriendly. Yeah.


Yeah. He just was like, you could tell he was just really pissed off about how the game was going and I was trying to figure out what pissed him off. Whether it was like, I can't believe Penski really, he's gonna make all those shots or I don't like something we're doing defensively and it maybe it was a bunch of stuff. The, the thing that was pretty weird about this game, again, try not to overreact but I Thought we were trying to overreact. Well I'm trying not to now. Okay. Because it's Luca Donit and he's one of the best players in the world. That's fair. It was a pretty uninspiring performance by him tonight. I'm not really sure what was going on with him. He seemed out of it. He wasn't even like really bitching at the refs as much as used as he would, didn't seem upset at anyone on the Warriors and just in general.


It was a, it was a strange performance for him. He was the third best guy on his own team. Yeah. And he and arguably the fourth best guy. 'cause Ru was really good tonight too. And that's the one I thought the Warriors were gonna have so much trouble matching up with him. But they seemed like they matched up really well with them. He was still doing some good kickout passes. Of course he was starting to size around, but it just was not your typical Luca game. And LeBron who started out slow I think sensed it pretty early and he really came on and was just able to flip the switch and ended up with over 30. But I, yeah, so I don't know what to make of the Luca thing. I think the Luko Laker experience has been pretty weird. There's been like flashes of just all time crazy brilliance.


He'll be amazing and not that great in the same game and up and down and it seems like he's in better shape than he was defensively. It's still not good. He was, no, he was really rough tonight and it, I'm gonna say work in progress, but we've had, this is two plus months now for sure. I just like work in progress. Luca though is still pretty damn good. Yeah. He's Still creating opportunities that basically no other players on the floor can create. I thought he did a good job of at least of not stopping short on drives and, and especially in transition where he can tend to slow things down and wanna reset the offense and he was going all the way to the rim. Whether to set himself up, whether to set up threes, whether to set up LOBs, you know, really like continuing to push himself a little bit.


And any time that he and LeBron and Reeves get involved in the same like triangulated action, it's fucking terrifying. Like you can see the bones of something that is really, really scary. It's just, to your point, not there every single play with Luca, the Burst isn't there. Every single play, the touch kind of comes and goes depending on the game. Especially if he's sitting the stepback threes. That's always been a huge variable for him. But I I he's still good enough and ultimately it's, it's not, it's not a real concern for the Lakers relative to the fact that they have this completely turned over team that is not gonna make sense until they have a chance to go into an off season and build a Luca style roster around him. One of the things I agree with you, one of the things I noticed with them, and I'm wondering if the Warriors unlocked it a little bit because jj, this team is such a weird team to coach that I think he was doing some math formula stuff with them almost where it's like, Luca's gonna take over the first eight minutes of the game.


I'm gonna play Luca by himself and LeBron and Reeves together and I'm gonna, I'm basically, I'm turning the game into like 10, 9, 10 different segments and the segments are gonna go like this and then in the fourth quarter we'll do this. And it felt like the Warriors were kind of ready for all the segments. It's like, oh, we know what you're gonna do in the first eight minutes. You're gonna get Luca going, well we're not gonna let him going get going. And just on and on it kind of went and the one variable they couldn't really prepare for is LeBron just all of a sudden was just playing great. Yeah. Just turning it up. But, but I do, I do feel like it's just a little bit gimmicky steel with the, with the Lakers as talented as they are because to not have rim protection Yeah.


To play those three guys at the same time. And LeBron has been so much better on defense, but I don't know how sustainable that is when we're playing every other day in the playoffs. But no Luca and Reeves out there, it's the same time. It's just, it's really tough when you're playing a slash and kick team. Like the one today plus Butler, there was a couple times he was like, oh you're putting this guy on me and he would just go right to the basket. So it's a weird team. I I'm still afraid of them. If you talk, I've talked to a couple former famous players who are all the famous players who used to play are really high in this Lakers team, I think except Barkley just because they see like the talent and the potential. But I wonder could that end up being this team's legacy? Are we seeing things that maybe aren't quite there but we're we're projecting what we think is there?


Or is this just a team that can't really rebound or defend anybody? I think the defense, it does come and go and like, I think the rim protection thing is really instructive here. 'cause they don't have, by not having a traditional defensive anchor, the only way they play elite defense is flying around playing with incredible effort and focus all the time. Yeah. And so it's not a, a huge surprise that they can't do that every single game. Right. It's not a huge surprise. They can't chain it together for five games at a time. Sometimes. Like it's just gonna be a little bit more of a, you know, a peaks and valleys kind of experience for them on that end. I think ultimately you're banking on the playmaking and this is where I can kind of see the logic in the segmenting the game that you're talking about. Yeah. It's like if you have two of the most creative people in the sport, the idea of Oh I'm gonna put these very orderly boxes in place and I'm gonna trust these geniuses to navigate it.


That's a pretty good premise as far as I'm concerned. Yeah. I watched the Indiana Laker game with my dad last week and the, the one thing I don't think this Lakers team's gonna be, and the Pacers wouldn't do it all the time, we were going nuts 'cause we're just rooting against the Lakers. We're just like, spread 'em out, go to the basket, spread 'em out, go to the basket, spread 'em out, go to the basket. And then sometimes Indiana would just settle for at least 26 footers. Like, dude, just go to the basket. You're gonna get to the basket. And I think more and more teams are starting to realize this, just go to the basket. There's gonna be nobody waiting for you. We're gonna get there on the, on the Lakers side. I just think LeBron's playing unbelievable. So good. I I just, I don't really understand it the, from an all around standpoint it's probably, this is the most, he is looked like 2013 range LeBron, like he was 10 for 15 tonight.


It's not like he's taking a shit load of shots and has the ball all the time. He is like picking his spots. The defense he's trying to rebound. He didn't really rebound tonight as as much as he usually has. But the all around stuff's been really great. I also don't know if that's sustainable when we get to mid-April going every other day. Big picture. Yeah. Neither of these teams wants that playing game. No, definitely Not. That's just extra miles on the car that's like, oh we're gonna go all the way cross country to la but on the way we're gonna go this way and stop at the Grand Canyon. Like they don't wanna stop at the Grand Canyon. It's just like, we want this trip to be Yes. Straight as possible. Lakers are four, right? Golden State is five normally that sounds great.


But the T Wolves are seven. One behind the Warriors and the Lost Calm and then the Lakers are two over them. And the Grizzlies who won an amazing game tonight against Miami. It was like, I I it was one of, I watched it, it was one of those, I don't know who's winning this game. And then Ja once again comes through at the end crazy Shot, Right when it seemed like Memphis was just gonna free fall into the eight seed. And it was like, oh shit. Okay. See Memphis, we have our NBA TV series. I don't need to watch one second of this. We're going for a sweep but Memphis wins and now this is a mess and I don't, I don't know how much you wanna do on Western conference playoff roulette, but I, I, the only thing I can think is I would just much rather be in that two three area so I don't have to see KC for a little while.


And I, and I wonder as we get into the final week, who starts getting a little chicken? Mm. Just made up that word to try to nudge their way. I'm not like I have my eye on Denver. Well they certainly don't seem to care about the standings too much. Like they're Yeah. After they lost that Minnesota game, I think, I think they're like whatever May the chips fall where they may. Yep. I don't, if I'm the Lakers, I don't wanna see OKC until round three. 'cause that's the one team I don't think the Lakers can beat. And the do you think I'm crazy? I just don't like that matchup for them in any way, shape or form. If you are any basketball team, you don't wanna see o KC true until round three or the NBA finals. Like those are the only options that you would prefer.


So, but like as far as the chicanery goes, that's a, that's a real fine line you're trying to walk to basically get to six and lock in at six is the ideal spot if you're gonna be in the 4, 5, 6 range. Right. Because four and five, yeah you're gonna be potentially roadkill for the thunder who look just increasingly incredible to be honest with you. And I, I want no part of that team 64 12 plus 13.4. I mean what the fuck I fuck they beat everybody. They're so good. And Yoko just having the best year of his career and with six games left, I don't think I'm gonna vote for him for MVP. Oh You're, you're sealed up. I'm not sealed up but I'm like 98% there.


Okay. I just feel like we're gonna be in the high sixties with those OKC team and it's not, you can't do the thing where wow. You know, it's, you can put anybody in that top spot. That team's still really good. 'cause every game I've watched and all the games I've seen KC in person, nobody can guard Shea Gil Justs Alexander? No, nobody in the league. I haven't. I saw the in the against the Clippers game I went to last week. Like he had a bad shooting game but he, all the shots were good. They just didn't go in. And that's a team with I would say three all defense caliber players. Yeah. On its Run. And they made him work for everything. He still got all the shots he won, doesn't matter wanted. And he's like shaking his head 'cause he is like, I can't believe this isn't going in tonight.


With that said, I don't think Minnesota would be afraid of them at all. I'm not defending it but I just don't think that team has fear of, of any matchup. And I think they would wa waltz into that series and be like, yeah sure, let's beat 'em. And that's the team they could see. And I think the Clippers know they can play with them 'cause they've had really good games against them. Yeah. Whether they could beat them, I don't know. But they're not gonna be afraid of 'em. So I would, if I'm okc those are the two I wouldn't be like super pumped about. Well the Clippers just care. The Clippers are no fun to play against for anybody. And frankly when Kawhi Leonard plays, they just do not lose. Except I think they lost randomly to the pelicans one time. We don't have to talk about that. Other than that really just have turned into an offensive buzz saw in a way that should be terrifying.


'cause they were already such a great defense. The wolves. I'm really becoming a believer, whoa. Make The case. This, This was a team that I was, I was really down on come December or so. I just thought the energy with the team was so off. I thought the defense was so underwhelming. I didn't really see the vision in the Randall thing at all. And then all of a sudden everything's starting to click. Like yeah all the, everyone who was hurt is suddenly back and playing. Well then the new additions both with Randall and Di Vincenzo in particular are both really hitting at this point. Randall's playing, I think some of the best basketball of his career. Frankly. I don't know how to feel about the kind of person who is telling you and many people on a podcast, they should believe in Julius Randall playoff performer.


That's a, that's a, a big ask of anybody. But I find myself as we're kind of charting the Western conference landscape and I'm looking at teams like Golden State and the Lakers teams that could win around, but maybe not two or three. I'm seeing teams like Houston that I think can win with the right matchup but otherwise might be out on their luck. Yeah. If they, if they pull the wrong one. Teams like Denver that frankly not only do they not care about seating, they don't seem to be terribly interested in playing defense in a lot of games. And I expect the playoffs would be different, but even still the personnel is what it is. And I just find my way back to the wolfs and I'm thinking they have the high end talent, they have the depth, they have the defense, they have the bodies, they have versatility to actually roll with the punches of a playoff series.


And frankly we've seen all this stuff in action in a slightly different form with Kat versus Randall and you know, no di Vincenzo, I just, I really like what they're putting together and I think they're playing great basketball right now. Yeah. And all the advanced stats back it up and they can shoot and I'm, I'm with you. I I'm never gonna love Randall, but there's a physicality with him. What Should do if we're all being honest. But there's A physicality with him lately that I think there's a little bit more of an identity to the team as a whole. Yeah. When you watch them where they've got size, identity and an that ant is just, there's no, there's no player on any other team that he doesn't think he's better than for better or worse. Yeah. And that's just the way it goes. I, I thought Denver, Minnesota, I thought that other night I had already put my pod up with Zach on Tuesday before those two games and to watch Curry and Yoic do that back to back.


I know you guys talked about it in your pod, but just that five hours of two of the great offensive players in the history of the week. Really, really having a night. Yeah. And it just was all in a row. And it got to the point with the nuggets and it seemed like so many different times they had that game or they were gonna lose that game and then it really seemed like they had it. And then Russ, who is just wandering around with a fucking pitchfork ready to just stab somebody with it. If you just see it in these crunch times, you're just terrified. He's, he's the Texas chainsaw massacre guy if you're rooting for Denver, But he's not even doing that. He's stabbing himself. He's like falling on his own rake over and over. It's, it's a disaster.


He was already horrible in the crunch time overtime section where there was eight times where you're like, just, just take him out. You're better off just not having him out there. He just didn't have it. And then he has that stretch in the last 10 seconds and it was one of those games where you're like, when we get to game 82 and Sunday and we're trying to figure out all the playoff matchups, I feel like we're gonna go back to that game and be like, remember that stupid game when Russ screwed up the Denver game and now, now Denver's in the, in the four spot playing the Lakers and the four five and then the Loser or the winner plays OKC and they could have been three and played Houston around two and just felt like one of those. And conversely Minnesota, who, if they can get to the, even if they're in the seven eight and they can get that seven.


But I, I just wanna play Houston. That's where I've landed with all these things. I wanna play Houston, I wanna play Memphis. Those are the two teams that I just think are a level below all these other ones. I Think the exception to that would be into if Denver slides and ends up somehow in the plan, which is not incomprehensible, these teams are really bunched up. Yeah, Yeah. It's like they'd have to drop two more. It looks Like they'd have to drop a couple spots. I think the Rockets could give the nuggets a real run. I think that's a tough matchup for them. And I say this knowing the, like the Rockets just blew a game against Denver with no Nicole Yoki. I'm acknowledging it. It happened. I don't think it's representative of the matchup. I think if you give these perimeter demons a chance to make Jamal Murray's life a living hell for seven games, I think they will do it.


I think they have enough size to really gum things up. I think they're so physical and that, that's really the question with Houston is what teams would really be bothered by high-end athleticism and high-end physicality. I think Denver might be one of those teams despite the fact that their lineups are quite big themselves. Yeah. And the other thing that really helps Houston is they're half court in the last 6, 7, 8 minutes is pretty brutal. It can be for sure. But against Denver's defense, Then you have some Options. Doesn't have to be that brutal nuggets play the words And then you have the rush turnovers working in your favor, you know, you got some free opportunities on the board. Well those guy every, they're gonna have their team hopefully in this last week. Russ, I, I just can't imagine he sees crunch time again. You can't do it. It's too risky.


Probably not. They play the Warriors on Friday night. Yeah. They end the season with the Rockets, which could be an all time Wait, what are these two teams up to? We're just guys, one team's just scratching multiple starters right before, right before we go, are we still Doing the, the last day of the season? Like all the games are basically happening at the same time to prevent this sort of chicanery. Is that still, is that still going on? I haven't checked the Schedule. Did that work? But didn't they do like the e they did the non-game and then the important games. Didn't they stagger 'em in some way? I Mean, all you're really doing is forcing an assistant coach to sit on the back row with an iPad. You know, like they're still gonna be watching. Well, so then the other piece is you this Dallas sacrament of Phoenix factory of sadness and Portland's somehow still alive even though they've, they're just like, can we just get Cooper Flagg?


Yeah. Oh no, we won again Dallas at 38, 39 Sacramento. 36 and 40 and Phoenix at 35 and 41. I, I mean I've gotten to the point where I'm rooting against Phoenix 'cause I don't wanna see them in the play, but I don't wanna see Sacramento in the plane either. And I don't, I don't wanna watch Dallas at all. Yeah. I mean Dallas might host a playing game where the crowd is chanting fire Nico about the very well as the playoff, as the playing game's going. So I just kind of wanna get to the final eight and see where it goes. The Clipper's thing, the the Clipper's thing is the most interesting where they land. If that's, that's just a a just a horrible one eight draw for a team that goes 69 and 13.


Oh my God. Here's your reward. The Clippers. They're healthy. Well they're healthy man today. They're healthy for now. Yeah, they're healthy for, yeah. I guess today we'll see. Wait before you go Draymond Green Defense Support of the Year. I'm sure that helped today. He had a nice big, awesome huge stop nationally televised game was all over the place. I thought that was the most, it's the Lakers. He's always a little weird. 'cause I think especially when it was against LeBron and AD and he always felt like he was kind of a tempered dream on because those were his friends and he wasn't doing like usual dream Draymond shit tonight. He was not tempered. I thought he was very Alpha E and looked like the Draymond that we're, we've become accustomed to defensive player of the year.


Yeah. I think he's gonna win. Is he a defensive player of the year for you? I don't think so. I mean, look, he's, he's Draymond Green. He deserves a, he deserves consideration. Probably deserves a place on the ballot at the end of the day. I'm more of an Evan Mobley voter at this point. Wow. Just the utility of what he brings to that defense. How many, how many people? He's like constantly bailing out on every defensive possession. Yeah. The flexibility between the four five is not dissimilar from Draymond. Like, I, I just think he is a, an absolute monster on that. And, and Draymond, if Draymond had been playing defensively the way he's played the last I would say 15 to 20 games all season, we're having a very different conversation.


I don't think the first part of the season, especially the first half, he was quite at this, this like peak elite level. This is still really high level defensive play. I'm not disparaging Draymond Green. He's incredible. Particularly on that end of the court. I just don't think he's put together the total body of work for it. And it's a great point. 'cause the other one I was looking at was Lou Dodt. I talked about that with Zach. Yeah. Just separating everything. He's the best defensive player I've seen this year, but they, they're so afraid to give the perimeter guys. They are that award. But I just, he's done the most interesting stuff on defense for me. Do you take any responsibility for the perimeter gun shyness after the Marcus Smart debacle?


Do you think that's what what radicalized all Of us? It might have. I I but that was a little bit like this year. This year. I mean the problem with this year is Weby should win defensive support of the year every year. And he got knocked out. He did. And it's, you know, it's just almost like a, a like a political convention where the candidate everybody thought was gonna win is out and now it's all of a sudden there's 10 people arguing on stage. I just, I don't feel like any of these are like the greatest possible candidates. No, it's the same thing with Rookie of the year where it's like, ah, all right, I guess guess we gotta vote for somebody. There's Like 50 people deserving of all defense consideration and I don't feel great about any of them necessarily as like the definitive defensive player of the year.


You're right. Like it's without Weby, there is a vacuum. It's unavoidable. It's the most fun award subplot since it looks like MVP is a wrap. Coach of the year is just like, just do a shot and do a whip it and then just pick one of six guys. I don't, is there a wrong coach of the year choice? Like I'm leaning toward Dagal right now and he's definitely not gonna win, but it's like a why not win 70 games? I'm probably gonna vote for him. Atkinson's good. Bicker staff's good. I you just pick five guys. You, it, it's easy. I feel like the thunder like Shea I agree is the favorite to win. MVP probably will win MVP otherwise they suffer from that problem where their team is so good and there's credit going in so many different directions that Mark Dagal probably isn't gonna get the credit he deserves.


Lou Dort probably isn't gonna get the credit he deserves. They have so many good players who are like probably gonna be under the threshold for games played and so they won't get consideration for various teams and things. But holy shit, like there's so many places to assign credit for what OKC has done. And I think if you, if you wanna talk about the reason why they won, won as many games as they did, it's the professionalism and the intensity they play with every single fucking game. And that either comes from Mark Diagonal or it comes from Shea or both. And if you wanna credit either of those guys for that, I think it's more than deserved. I'll throw in this too. Caruso 50 games. Hartenstein 54. Yep. Che 28. Jaylen Williams 65.


It's not like this team's been a healthy juggernaut all year. Like they, they hit the first two months of the year. They, they didn't have a center for like one of those months and none of this matter. They ja it Was Jalen Williams, he was their center for a fucking month. None of it mattered. So crazy. There you go. Well, for the listeners, you could skip forward from right here if you're not watching White Lotus. 'cause I have to talk White Lotus with Bob for one minute. Yeah. So if you don't care about that, just skip forward ahead to Kevin Wilds because we're gonna keep going. But if you do care about White Lotus stick around because I'm gonna ask you about White Lotus 90 minute season finale. Yep. They won't send us screeners. Joanna Robinson, Mallory Rubin and I are gonna be downtown LA watching it live, going live right after on YouTube.


Have no idea what's gonna happen. Is this gonna be crazier than we expected or is it gonna be like weirdly disappointing and more like thoughtful existential Buddhist? Like we're, we're gonna have like almost like a philosophical religious experience or is there's just gonna be bodies everywhere. It is gonna be a religious experience also. First of all, thank you for inviting me on now the third White Lotus splinter pod at every permutation of host Possible. This, this is the only, this the only one left. This Is the only one left for the finale. I will say, I don't know if this is great PR and marketing by them, but all the little quotes that are coming out from the cast hinting at the ominous results of the finale had me a little spooked.


And again, maybe I'm just being played. I think, I think the, the body count or the philosophical fallout is gonna be pretty significant. I don't, I don't quite know what one yet. I went back and watched the first step, the the first scene gunshot. Yep. Pause, gunshot, pause, gunshot, gunshots. So, but did, did you see any monkeys holding a gun? Did Didn't see any monkeys? Well, I mean, I don't know. They're going Tarantino where three different groups of people are all shooting at each other. Yeah. I, who knows. But in the trailer, which came out for the last episode, they really play up the poisonous fruit in the first 20 seconds, which we had talked about in our pod.


And you had talked about on the deep dive pod about the fruit, the blender, they just kept coming back to it, how annoying the blender is. But now they put that in the trailer. Now, I don't know, is that a red herring or what's gonna happen? I know especially because we, I think we still have one Tim Ratliff vision yet of him wiping out his entire family at one time. And maybe that is where the blender or the fruit come in is like the visualization of this terrible thing but not actually happening. I don't know. I mean, he's not a good place. He's just been walking around for days stoned out of his mind. Ready, ready to do something to somebody. I gotta say his usage rate's probably been a little too high. Yeah, I probably would've put him in the corner more just for spacing.


Just and actually run plays for him. I think he can run some plays but like win shas out, you know, like make him Aaron Wiggins and then we're all gonna be fine. Was this the right number of episodes for you or was this six episodes stretched to seven so far? I think it was a little too many. I like the, it's not really a pacing problem so much as when people are off screen or kind of set to the side. They just idle in place for an indefinite period of time. And so that eventually I think starts to wear out. Its welcome. I think it should have been seven episodes. This just in general. I think I thought first season was too short. The middle season was the right length. Yeah, this feels a whiff long. And you probably could have gotten away with 65 minute episodes and had six of them instead of seven.


Yeah. But Just a classic Goldilocks scenario. With all of that said, I love the show. I've been defending it to people who have, you know, it's year three people start to get used to the format. They start pitching and complaining about certain things. I'm just like, this show's great. I love the show. I love being on vacation in some weird place. I love the characters, I love the mystery. It's always keeping you on your toes. And I'm glad it exists. So extremely glad it exists. I think too, I think this finale's gonna win some people over. I think the calamity has been bottled up for this 90 minutes and may, maybe that's just the wrong read, but I kind of feel it in the air. Who is your favorite character this season? I love, I mean I love Kara Coon. So I am Lori Pilt and everything chaotic happening around her right now is just a joy to watch.


I, I can't be mad about any of it. Lori is also my, she's my second. Nah, she's my top three. I'm not gonna pick a, a favorite. But my top three are Chelsea. But you, You literally just asked me to pick a favorite. You have to pick A favorite. Well, it's my podcast that No, no. All right. I'll pick my favorite. Chelsea's my favorite. Okay. Lori second. Saxon third Saxon's Coming up the power rankings. You know, watching Joanna do a 180 on Saxon was, was my highlight of 2025. So far one Of the great joys Saxons Is bringing people together as, as his enlightenment processes within his tiny little brain. He's just, he's just bringing people together in, in a really a celebration of everything that he's all about.


So do you think Lockey, do you think he actually took the drugs Oh rather than spit them out Night before the threesome. Do you think he was actually drugged up or is this some sort of weird power play with him? I thought I had escaped the wake of talking about brothers jerking each other off. Yeah. But we, we get dragged back into these things. I, I think he did take the drugs, I think. Okay. I think it's maybe like paying a little too close attention to think that he spat them out. But I don't know why Lotus is a show that cares about the details. Maybe it's not impossible. You know, I ask 'cause my daughter who not only watches the show but is intently following the TikTok conversation around it. Mm. And always tells me this is a big thing on TikTok right now with some dumb aspect of the show.


She claimed there's a TikTok where it doesn't seem like he took the drugs. It Definitively proves that Lockheed did not take the drugs. Yeah. But 'cause TikTok would never lie to us. No. And there's no, there's no devices to, you know, twist any footage around in anything. Of course not. So I can't wait. White Lotus. So we're doing the live one and then you're doing the deep dive a couple days later with, with Joanna and then we go right to the playoffs. I know. Rolling right into it. Yeah. Alright, Rob Mahoney, great to see you. Thanks Bill. Thanks.


The Bill Simmons Podcast brought to you by FanDuel. As you know, it's the final stretch of the NBA season playoff picture. Changing every second, every three pointer. Fourth quarter comeback means that much more. With live betting on FanDuel, you can make the playoff picture a little prettier, a little more fun. Whether you're looking to ride with a hot shooter, you think a team is due for a run in the second half. Get in on the action till the final buzzer with America's number one sports book. We have Denver Golden State coming on Friday. What a fun game to bet on. I have no idea if Denver even, where do they wanna be in the rankings? So they wanna be 4, 5, 6 that they wanna stay at three. We know Golden State wants to keep moving up. Kind of like Golden State in that matchup by the way. However you wanna play, now is the perfect time to join FanDuel. Customers that are new get started with $200 a bonus bets. If your first $5 bet wins, visit FanDuel dot com slash bs to join today. Make every moment more with FanDuel official sports betting partner of the NBA. You Must be 21 plus President. Select states are 18 plus and president in DC. First online real money wage or only $5 first deposit required bonus issued as no drawable bonus bet which expires seven days after receipt restrictions. Supply seat terms at sportsbook, do fan.com Game Pro call one 800 GAMBLER visit rg-help.com.


This episode is brought to you by Loom, by Atlassian. Some things, they're just unnecessary. You see this in the NBA all the time. Why do you keep talking to that ref? He's gonna tee you up. Stop doing it. Stop doing it. And then they keep doing it. And guess what? They get a technical. It's just as unnecessary as tedious Business meetings. Good thing you can use Loom instead, use Loom to simultaneously record both your screen and yourself to share a quick update, provide feedback, train a colleague, everything in between, whatever. Plus add Loom AI to your meetings. For instrument notes and recordings, Try Loom today at loom.com. That is LOO m.com.


Alright, we're taping this part of the podcast. It is late afternoon East Coast time. Kevin Wildes just got off the set of First things first. It's like talking to Clark Kent right after he got outta the phone booth. Wow. Thank you. Yeah, you Got your, you still have your little handsome sports TV outfit just finished. Slinging takes. I'm Sling Sing takes like they were hash. I'm feeling great. Feeling great. Great time of year. Is April the best? Take month is the most going on NFL draft. Nobody really knows what they're talking about, but we all feel like we have to have takes on that. NBA playoffs are Coming up. There's already NBA trade stuff happening. First month of baseball season. Got some baseball, takes March. Mad Madness.


Some of events in some March. Madness is still in there. Masters is Coming up. I think it's the best month for talking outta your ass when you don't really know what's going on. Are You sure It's either if, if if April is your first draft pick for takes. I would say week one af Week one NFL season. That Monday or that Tuesday. Once the Monday 19th Overreaction Monday. Oh, the first overreaction Monday. Yeah. Is just magnificent. Yeah, because this, but this is a good one. Overreaction Monday. It's just percolating that whole day of the first first games back. Everyone's just ready to go. Nuts Teams off.


Yeah, it's great. Eagles could lose by one point. I don't know, they probably peaked last year in the Super Bowl. Weren't ready. It's just great. I'm proudest of myself of the NFL draft. 'cause I, I'll watch maybe one or two college football games a week if that and have no idea what I'm talking about. But then I read all the mock drafts and I watch YouTube clips and then decide I'm an expert. Who do you want the And what, Who do you want the Patriots to take? Because I, I've convinced myself, I'm happy with four guys. Four guys. So I'm, I'm at Hunter. Yeah. Travis Hunter. Abdul Carter Trade Down does make Oh really? Assets. Yeah. I I I'm happy with Will Campbell and I'm happy with, I don't really want T-Mac, but I kind of, I'm, if we go offensive line, I'm okay with that.


I mean T-Mac now this is one of the draft takes that's emerged is are we sure he's the best receiver in the draft? Oh, come on. Called Matthew Golden Buzz. Nah, I McShay is pro Matthew Golden on, on the newsletter in the podcast he's doing. He has Golden as the best receivers. Okay. It's really fun when you have quarterbacks. 'cause it seems like Cam War is definitely gonna Tennessee. Yeah. But when you have this quarterback situation with the two teams that desperately need a quarterback, Cleveland and the Giants, but then nobody really seems to think Charo Sanders is a, is a top eight pick. And just how desperate. And it, it's the age old philosophy. Some things change. Sports changes. Basketball, we're shooting more threes than ever.


Baseball. We get a torpedo bat. You know, every, everything evolves in every sport. And then in football, should we take this quarterback this high even though we're not positive? He's a good prospect. Is like the eternal question. Forever. I'm almost positive. Shado is good. I think Shado, if, if, if both teams pass on Shado and he has the Shado slide, I, I think that would be insane. If he ends up on the Steelers, I think it'd be great for the Steelers, but the Giants cannot pass on them. But that would be bonkers. Well the one thing that happens is if, if the first couple teams pass and the guy falls out of the range sometimes then, then the guy almost has a little bit of a stink on him.


And then the fall starts and it's like, well, and then, I mean Rogers is the most famous example of this, but this is happened in other years where it's like, oh, all of a sudden the guy's gonna go to 17. I don't have it in front of me. But then after the Giants, there's a run of teams that don't need quarter starting with us. We don't need a quarterback. Then there's a run of teams and I guess you get to now with Gino's deal, the Raiders are out, then it's the Saints. Well then you could say the Jets, but then they just paid all this money to Fields. Yeah, Yeah. The Jets would be interesting. Interesting. Jet. I can't imagine he'd go by the Saints because the Saints are so handicapped by the cap that I don't understand how they would not pass up a chance to get somebody. But you'd have to really think he's gonna be not good.


Yeah. You know. All right. I don't know else you read like pocket presence. Tough as nails. Yeah. Read stuff fast. He's been in the spotlight for a few years. There's all this intangible stuff with him. And then other people are like, he's just not a good enough quarterback. Yeah. I think he's good. So yeah, the drafts fund, we get to argue about arm length basketball. We're talking about a playoff picture that just changes every day. It's ridiculous. Where you're like Coming up is, is could, what happens if Denver plays the Lakers? It's like they just might never play the Lakers. Yep. Coming up. Are the Rockets the second best team in the West, which they are? Or are they just a first round fodder Yeah. Ready to go home. Hey, should the, are the Grizzlies dangerous playoff team?


Or should they blow the team up? We don't know. Never know. I was thinking with LeBron, if anyone's generated more takes than him and it has to be Wilt Chamberlain has to be the answer. But I don't think the take infrastructure was in, in place at that point. Great. Great. I think the take infrastructure is So good. The take infrastructure Is not there. System. We just said newspapers and we had like local networks and some magazines like Sport and Sports Illustrated and then just people arguing in bars. But I still feel like he's the most polarizing NBA star of all time. He's still polarizing now. Wilt, you think? Yeah. Wilt or you think Wilt?


I think Wilt. I think it's a hundred percent wilt. Do you count the take the take in infrastructure? If two guys are arguing in a bar, do you, it's a little bit if a tree falls in the woods and no one is around, Does anyone hear the take? Does the take still count or does it have to be recorded on someone's podcast that, you know, a lightly listened to podcast that two buddies are doing from a local bar that counts for the two guys in the sixties? Take doesn't count. Well, what's crazy about the sixties, and this is how I ended up deciding to write a Chamberlain Russell chapter when I did my book, when I was doing all the research, so many people weigh in on Wilt and it was players, it was stuff that never happens now.


Like long paragraphs from like Bill Bradley saying, here's why Wilt, it's a loser just laying out like in, in the book that he wrote. And you're just like, holy shit. Like people could just never decide who this guy was, whether he wanted, even Russell was pretty critical of him. I'm, I'm ready for the, the Wilt, the Wilt Renaissance. Like the It's already happening. You think So? They, they, they has a, he has a, a lightly managed YouTube presence. Yes. Where every once in a while the algorithm will serve me up. Like, here's wilt blocking one from the top of the backboard. Like what? Yeah, here's Wilt jumping over a guy.


Here's Wilt hitting a four hook shot corner. Threes for fun. Like, oh, I'm ready for the take of, you know, it was the best player of actually, of all time it was Wilt. Like That's, that's gonna come back because we're in the, so and so was a problem era of social media where it's just, this is how I was thinking about Wilt last week. 'cause one of those accounts fed me game six bucks. Lakers, 1972 bucks are defending Champs. They have Kareem Kareem's like just killing everybody. Wilt in the seven in the last game. Is it the blocks? He he's blocking Kareem's Sky Hook. This was fed to me. Yeah, this was fed to me.


It was Rivet twice on one possession or something. It was riveting. Yeah. I watched it. I was like, oh my, and then it was like, wilt had 22 points, 24 rebounds and 10 blocks. I was like, he did? Yes. Why are we being fed the same stuff Is I know it was the For you it's the for you tab. They know we like basketball. So this sent me on some deep dive rabbit hole. I went to basketball reference when I did my book. They didn't have the box scores past like 1986. So I went to basketball reference and I was like, I gotta find out more about this series. It was Oscar, Robertson and Kareem on one side and West and Will Chamber on the other. So it's four of the best 12 players ever in a series. That seems like a big deal. The Lakers won 33 games that year.


Milwaukee had won the title the year before. Kareem's Killing everybody. So I went and looked at the stats and it made, it made me even more confused. Wilts shooting like three times a game, four times a game. Like for real, you can go in the box scores. Even in this last game when he was awesome, he was like seven for 10. He was like, why did Wilt stop shooting? He scored a hundred points in a game. That's odd. Why didn't He just turned into a rebound block shot guy. And then Kareem was like 35 and 20. The entire series. What year was that? 1972. Okay, so the 70 the se Yeah, the 71 72 Lakers. We just did a thing about the Thunder. Right, right. How good they're the winning percentage. Yeah. And it was the Warriors team obviously.


Then it was Jordan Bolts, two bolts themes. Yeah. Thunder in the middle. Then that, then that Lakers squad with like, it was like Jerry, it was Jerry West was on it. And then I guess Elgin had a cup of coffee. I was looking at the thing. Got hired, retired, Was There. Yeah. And who else was there? The guy that no one talks about the Bruce Ga Goodrich. Gail Goodrich that I didn't, I don't, I'm a blank slate when it comes to Gail Goodrich. But Gail Goodrich average like 26 points in the playoffs. Well, I read every Sports Illustrated story about it and it was two, two after four games. And then the Lakers won the last two. And one of the keys to the series was Jim McMillan, who bat, who struggled with weight during the first part of his career and his teammates called him Pudge Ball. But then he'd like lit it up in the series.


And I was like, imagine this now. Like this would be like two days of Jim McMillan, Jim McMillan Jar, you know, I was, we had it in a, Jim got rid of the donuts and he's came to play. But the, the league back then, like they just, you know, it was a pretty, it was doing okay. But you have this series that really, if it happened now, it would be this incredible series where you have like some of the greatest players of all time battling like real stakes back to back versus a 33 game winning streak. I didn't know anything about it. So yeah. Wilt, I have, have no idea why he stopped shooting. I would watch like a 15 episode Will Chamberlain thing. There we go. If it was done correctly, Start working on it Because then he Did start working on it.


Then he did, he just quit and started playing volleyball that like, he had that whole stretch. Very interesting. Was he playing professional volleyball? Yeah. Played professional volleyball. Could you imagine lining up like seeing Wilt Chamberlain come in for the first day, the first day where it's like, you know, there's no social media. Yeah. You don't even know who's gonna show up. And all of a sudden it's like, is that Wilt Chamberlain? Right. That that Is him. Right. That's Wilt Chamberlain, right? Yeah. There's another thing got fed to me with, it was Wilt Chamberlain when he was 16 playing with Pros. And he's the same Wilt Chamberlain body, but he's super skinny and just like completely dominating everybody.


And I think, I think Wilts underrated as a Twitter. 'cause sometimes young Shaq will have a moment on social media too, where he's just like going full court and dunking over guys and they're like, oh Jesus. You know what the sha the, the Young Shaq moment that gets a lot of play on social media, all star warmups is Jordan guarding him? I think it's just a wor it's just, they're like joking around and he has like some sort of crossover. He looks like Stan Van Gundy. Yeah. Like a crossover spin layup on Jordan. Like Yep. That will work. Like Yes. Young Shaq. Yeah, because I'll go to Twitter and now it like defaults to the four you page, but the four you page is getting better and it's just serving me basketball now constantly.


So like the other day I went on and it was Kobe against Rip Hamilton in a 1996 McDonald's All America practice. And it was like, watch Kobe Light up Rip Hamilton. I'm like, absolutely. How many, how many, how many minutes does this? Can I watch this? This looks great. This is great content. Yeah. Shout out to the algorithm. The algorithm's starting to work. Yeah, it's right. Instagram, it gets, they definitely, Instagram is a little gamer with the stuff they push. If it's, it's a little seedier. It's like two in the morning kind of wandering around New York City kind of seedy that Twitter. Twitter, they'll push you mostly to sports and then something horrible that you don't have any interest in.


Yeah. Like some sort of hardcore political or whatever. But I like the basketball stuff. So what, what sports story, what sports storyline right now are you the most fascinated in? What is it? Is it NBA related? Well, I'm a little bit, I'm, I'm a little bit obsessed with Will Campbell's arm length, but I'm gonna put that aside. Yeah, that, that, that weight me too, probably crested for me. How about that? There were two different measurements. One was 32 and Half and then the other was 33. And he's like, I'm actually a 33. Yeah. And his wingspan got the, the longer his arms got, the shorter his wingspan got. Yeah. I didn't get that. It's, it's, it's just absurd. I talked to Jeff Schwartz about it. He is like, it's nothing. He'll just be able to go like that and he'll be fine.


I guess it's, I guess it's the, it it's not, I wanna be positive, I guess the number one story, it's not super like out of the box is can the Luca LeBron experiment, if you want to call it that gel fast enough Yeah. To get a championship. I still Think that's No answer. That's the number one story. Yeah. And there's no answer. So you could just talk about it in circles forever. And nobody knows until we See the playoff game. Yeah. And the fact that they were the number one defense for a good stretch. How did that happen? Was that just a string of luck and hustle and or, and is that gonna come down?


And then I guess the other thing that we're trying to figure out is the, the thing about the thunder that I just mentioned. And if they are truly like on paper, a historic team, if they don't win, did they underachieve no one seems to be saying like, yeah, they don't win the finals. They underachieved, they're right There. That's the two 60 Warriors, right? Yeah. Yeah. But they ran into a, they they lost because they ran into a legendary performer. So are they Gonna No, that's not what's up? What they lost Go, why do you they lost Because they suspended Draymond for game five. No, that's, you know, can me, yeah, that's, that's fair.


It's a tough suspension's. It's funny because Adam Silver has been in the, in the circles recently. 'cause there's this growing conspiracy thing that, I don't know how this would be true, but it's been a fun one to monitor that the league pushed for the Luca trade to the Lakers. I mean, I Just, it's a great one though. It's, it's turning into this generation's version of the frozen envelope with the Ewing lottery. I just can't, I I I I'm, it's because it's, there's no other explanation for the trade. So now The conspiracy theory conspiracy people have Nudged that way to that one. I can't wait to get aggregated incorrectly for it. Did the conspiracy community already move off of, they were trying to purposely sour the fan base to move the team to Las Vegas.


I thought that was the first conspiracy Audience box. That was the first one. I listen. Did I hop on that tricycle and take it around for a little spin in my living room? I did. I did. I tested it out. It's pretty ludicrous. I like the league. Brokering a trade is pretty funny. Especially 'cause they killed the Chris Paul trade to the Lakers 15 years ago. So it's Little conspiracies me. But That's the thing. When there's no explanation for something, that's when conspiracy start. When it's just like, this is the dumbest trade ever. There has to be a reason this happened. No. And none of the reasons fit. That's when you have conspiracies. Just bad call. Just bad decision. Here's the thing.


I, I was gonna do a thing on it took me a long time. 'cause everybody had their, everybody had their own Luca take. Yeah. And, and I didn't, I like, what's my angle on this? It's such a bad decision. And I came up with it. It's a little story. Yeah. Okay. One day I was working on, we were doing like commercial maintenance and like painting and stuff. We take care of like parking lots and stuff. Oh, that sense. And my boss got a job power washing. We were power washing, ironically, a car wash the outside of a car wash. And the first day I went, I had sneakers on and socks and again soaked.


It's a real, it's not even power wash, which we're like stripping the cinder block with this high powered pressure washer. Yeah. And I had socks on and wet shoes. And it was the worst. I'm like stomping around. Yeah. It's just, I had like trench foot next day. I said, I can't do this again. I'm gonna wear sandals because we're gonna do a two day project next day. I wear sandals, pressure washing pressure watching. The only thing worse than having trench foot is having all these little paint chips. Yeah. Get in between my toes and I'm stepping and they're sharp and it, it's bothering me and annoying me so much. I have this pressure washer and I look down at my foot, I say, Ooh, this would feel so good if I take this pressure washer and just, oh no.


And get, and I just looked at it and I just did it. And I, and I it was, and there was no conspiracy to it. There was no like, maybe Wildes wanted to get off of work and maybe he was upset with the job and maybe he wanted to go back and work on a different project. No, you know what, it was just an absolutely horrible decision on my part. Yeah. To blast my own foot and some skin off. It was just a Bad call. Oh. Oh, you knocked some skin off. Oh, of course. Of course. It's a blast of my own foot. That is the Lucot trade. There's, it's just a really bad decision that I think immediately recognized.


Whoa. Bad call on my part. So skin's hanging off Nico Harrison's body Right. As the trade's being called in. Just like, Oh wow. I didn't realize that. I did realize, now that I think about it, if I could go back, I would, I would not do that again. That was really, See I think the only move that idea, the only move for him is just to resign. Because I, at some point, you only have one life we think. And if your life just for the next two years is you've, you've committed this revile transaction and the whole point of like being a GM or whatever for a team, other than running the team, picking the players. But you also wanna go to the games and be like, yeah, that's my team.


And now that's been, I just don't understand what the win is for him at this point. Can't he? No, he's pot committed. He's In, oh, he's all, this is it. He has to be all in. You can't resign. And then all of a sudden you get Cooper flag and someone else is like, man, we did it. So wait until after the draft. Make sure you, I think you have to be like, you have to come out with some messaging. Like, look, defense wins championships. I'll never win. And I waver from that. I'm resol. That's right. Tell me I'm wrong. Like def defense when this next time this franchise wins a championship, it will be because of defense. And I hope it's Anthony Davis. This is good. So the best case scenario for him is the Lakers suck in the playoffs.


They underachieve in some way or it doesn't work out. And there's more questions about Luca, even though there shouldn't be questions, but a little like after the finals last year, like, huh? He wasn't that good in the finals. And the Celtics really attacked him on defense. Yeah. Like, oh, wore down a little bit. Yeah. Maybe. Maybe this could be a James Harden of this generation kind of guy. He'd have that and then you would have whoever wins the title. It's like, man, like OKC wins the title. Holy shit. They're defense. Wow. That's right. That's the defense Wins championships then Nico's. Like see what I mean? I'm trying to tell you guys We're we're just, you know, a little bit unlucky with Kyrie one draft pick. He can't, he can't move.


He has to, he has to give it a shot. You know what's funny? I have a, I have probably a hot take off the trade if they had gotten Reeves in it with how good Reeves is. Yes. And it was Reeves and Anthony Davis and two firsts. Like we're in the ballpark of like, I can now I can start to see it. You can at least talk me into it after two drinks. That's the other part of it. That's bad. It was just also Training. I can't, we talked about this. It's so funny on Its on its face is bad. Yeah. But then you still didn't get enough. Yeah. That it's the not getting enough is the is to me, if we're doing a seesaw, it's 70%, you didn't get enough.


And then 30%, I can't believe you traded Luca Don, but it killed the 70% of you just didn't get enough. Mikhail Bridges got, was it five first round picks? Yeah. Two of them are kind of blah, but Yeah. But it's still Davis is, Davis is like a top 12 guy. But he is a little injury prone. But yeah, it's, I know what you do because you've, you've hurt the sport in a city in a way that we've kind of Time out. Never, never seen Just to bookmark. Just to, not to book a, just a bookend conspiracy bill didn't hurt the sport. Certainly did not hurt. Well that's what I mean the sport in one city. But it helped in the other cities.


Yeah. Certainly Really helped the sport. The idea, I'm not gonna it really help the sport, but did hurt the team also not ruling out Anthony Davis, I Pelicans Anthony Davis. Can he come back? Hmm. And Anthony Davis, like when we were having real conversations about his p numbers are Wilt Chamberlain esque. It's like, remember that? It was, I don't know how long ago that was, but he was having those killer seasons and then kind of flame out in the playoffs. But man, I dunno. I kind of believe in Anthony Davis. It, I have an announcement for you. It, I have an announcement. They traded Mookie bets I think February, 2020.


It was like a couple weeks before Covid. I saw this tweet. Go ahead. Yeah. I'm gonna do the tweet, but then I'm gonna dive into it a little more. Love it. The Red Sox were never the same for me after that trade. Now they'd won four titles. Baseball was changing. I, my basketball, football fascinations were growing every year. All these different reasons for it. It just was not life and death for me like it used to be. But it was really about the trade and not having That was that was the, was that the beginning of, was that the beginning of the end or the, or the final like straw that broke the camel's back. I think it was like five straws that broke the camel's back. Okay. Because I love Mookie bets.


Like the whole point me of sports is to like totally, you want Tom Brady for 20 years. You want Jason Tatum for 20 years. Like you get one of these guys, it's like Dallas with Luca. Yes. You get one of these guys, this is like one fourth or one 50 of your life potentially that you, this guy's on your team. I, I can not. And Mookie was like everything I wanted from a good player. Yes. So they trade him. I'm never the same. And it really made me, but now with this, with the Red Sox, with Christian Campbell and with Roman Anthony Gumming and hopefully mayor, but especially how much fun it's been to watch Christian Campbell these first few games. And it's very similar to Mookie's rookie season where he just like, he's swinging from the heels on everything, but his bat's hitting everything and you just, You don't wanna miss his at bats the way he carries himself.


He had this thing the other day Cora talked about where he said he doesn't call his teammates. Teammates. Did you hear this? No, He doesn't say teammate. He says friend Love It. He's like, these are my friends. My friend Raphael devs, he doesn't use the word teammate. I was like, this guy's at Central Casting. He's 22. I love it. He's the most exciting rookie they've had since Mooky bets. But then Roman Anthony, who's coming at some point this year, who's the best prospect in baseball? And you know what I'm like, I was on the Castaway Island with Tom Hanks. You're back. I Was, yeah. I was, you know I was doing some spear fishing. Yeah. Sleeping in a cave. Talking to a volleyball.


But I think I'm back. Okay. Welcome back. Yeah. What I, you gotta start following the Woo socks. That's where I'm getting my, like my, The Roman Anthony takes Roman Anthony. Yeah. Roman Anthony. I'm like, oh, another home run. I'm just seeing highlights. I never see the guys strike out or ground out. Everything looks great. Well welcome Back this. It's the only sport where when somebody's just an awesome prospect, it makes the most sense in baseball when you just see somebody and you're like, that guy's fucking awesome. I guess that can happen in basketball too, but not in the same way. 'cause they're a little younger and they're competing against like grown ass men and baseball sometimes you have these dudes come in, you're like, wow. You see some of the Roman Anthony highlight highlights and you're like, wow.


Are you worried about devs on the flip side, My dad is, it's a big conversation with my dad. He got a hit yesterday. He was like, He came in fat in camp. It's his fault. He was like, offset about it. I like that. I like all the stories. It's like, it's one part injury. It's one part. Certain amount of bats. It's one part. He opened up his batting stance and then I forget what was it? PBA said it. Yeah. Like now too many carbs. I'm like, oh, too many carbs would actually be the best thing. I think baseball's become the new David Stern NBA, where every first month of the season they have some sort of controversy now. Like this year it's the torpedo bats. I was all in. I read every torpedo bat thing. I've been watching the Yankees quips of them.


I was like, wow, this is why, why is this legal? How are they doing this? Why don't other take, like, it's really fascinating. Loved it. I, I'm surprised I didn't even know that we didn't, I didn't know that was a thing considering like, if you have a kid in little league and there's new bats coming out every three months. Yeah. Bats are like, it's iPhone updates. Like new bat. This bat's no good anymore. This bat is hotter. Oh, you need this bat. This bat's outta hits. We have to get a different bat. There's three different bat. Like the bat technology and youth baseball is outta control. So about time it caught up with major league baseball. You kind of graduated outta baseball. Bat parenting. You saved yourself.


Lemme tell you something. Hundreds Of dollars. Look, I look back at some of the kid sports that I had to sit through. Baseball's way up there is the worst. Really? Yeah. Like what? Was he any good? No. No. He, it wasn't about whether he, he was actually good. And I think that Covid thing kind of ended the baseball career. Oh, That stinks. But it was just, it's it's the, the seating, like the worst possible seating situations. The long drives everywhere. The games. Nobody has control over the pitches over the mound. The ball's going everywhere. Kids are crying. Like if you go 10, that sweet spot with the boys between eight and 11, anyone's a candidate start crying during the game.


Oh yeah. Everyone's like, I, it's just a rollercoaster ride. But that sports I missed. Thank God. Gymnastics. That sounds horrific. Swimming sounds awful. It's swimming from the parents standpoint. Yeah. And then track and field. Those are the big three of the ones. You don't want your kid to do Baseball. I'm, I'm, I'm a baseball guy. I like being a baseball parent. Good to be Outside at least. Yeah. Well The other thing is I think you're a little spoiled in Southern California with just like, right. We can't appreciate it. I also just like sitting outside for two hours. I won't do it in my backyard, but I'm happy to just sit outside in the sunshine.


Like, oh, this is delightful. Also, nowhere to hide in baseball, which is nice. Play a lot of sports. Like soccer. Hey, how'd the soccer game go? Oh, it's this person did this and this person. Like, no dude. Like, you're at bat. You have to hit the ball. You know, what was part of the baseball thing for me? I thought the parents were especially annoying. It's a tough parent crowd, but the, the guy who has to go right behind own plate and videotape all his kids' pitches and he's blocking everybody. And then the two parents will get a little chirpy with kids on the other team. You're like, dude, these kids are 10. Shut up. Yeah. I, it's a pretty bad scene for that. I confession. Although I like all You're one of those parents? No, I'm a, I'm a center field parent.


Oh, that's really smart. By myself. That's Great. That's really smart. I just like heroes think I like watching the game. I like watching the game. I like watching my kids' games. And like, if I could have a, like a man cave, it would be like a isolation chamber. It would be like something that, that would be against the, you know, Geneva conventions. It would be just me in a room all by myself with, with, I would like to have Twitter to follow along. But I don't need anyone. I just like to be all by myself consuming the game. I don't like to hear anything. It's Funny you mentioned this, 'cause when Ben was playing third base, I would sit in left field and I really enjoyed it.


'cause nobody was out there. I was still close enough to see what was going on with him. Could occasionally get the foul ball hit toward me. I don't need that. And there were no parents. Yeah. I don't even, oh, this. And if you're talking too much about the game, I, I just wanna watch. And if you're not talking about the game, I'm annoyed. So it's a kind of a, Well, the parents who don't understand baseball, isn't that a strikeout? No, it's, it's three. It's two strikes. It's, I think most people, I mean, that's a really basic Yeah. No, it's, it's only two outs. We're not adding any yet. Actually. Good. Haven't had three outs yet. Let's, we'll take a break and we'll do how fake ideas.


This episode is brought to by LinkedIn. During the season, every baseball team plays 162 games. It's a true test of endurance. It's not enough to have a hot month or two. You need sustained dominance throughout. While the same is true for your small business, it's not enough to have a great Q2. Even a great year. You want year over year growth that starts with better hires. That'll be there for the long haul to find those hires. Use LinkedIn. LinkedIn has strong hiring data and insights that you won't find anywhere else to help pair you with the best candidates. From unique skills and interests to the connections you have in common. Based on LinkedIn data, 72% of small businesses say that LinkedIn helps 'em find high quality talent. LinkedIn also lets you go beyond people who are actively applying in a given week. 171 million LinkedIn members aren't actively seeking jobs, but they are open to new opportunities. That's a big pool to miss out on. If you're not hiring with LinkedIn, find you're at next. Great hire on LinkedIn. Post your job for free at LinkedIn dot com slash simmons. That's LinkedIn dot com slash simmons to post your job for free terms and conditions apply.


This episode is brought to you by Michelob Ultra. Michelob Ultra. A superior light beer in the ultimate trophy. Win or lose. You're bound to enjoy the ride with a good beer in hand. Michelob ultra crisp, refreshing only 95 calories, a superior light beer. No matter the game sporter, season superior is worth playing for. So sign up for ultra courtside@michelobultra.com slash courtside and you can enjoy some of these games with a nice beer in your hand. Enjoy responsibly copyright 2025 Anheuser-Busch Michelob Ultra Registered Light Beer St. Louis, Missouri. Must be 21 plus to order alcohol. Alcohol available only in select markets.


Alright, so you've been doing half Baked Ideas with me. Pretty much ever since I've had a podcast, for whatever reason, none of them have been, have been sold for millions of dollars. They're happening though. Every once in a while, one of them happens. Well, one of them got turned into a movie. The Purge. We didn't get any credit. We Did our le our Leap Year movie Turn became the Purge. I'll always Oh, that was, Yeah. The, the, the watch watch tv. Like in a surround sound like you're in first base. Like you're in like the front, front row seat. It's like, yeah, that happened. Big idea. That just happened. That happened. I Didn't get any credit for that one. Alright. Start ripping 'em off.


I have, I have three bonus ones too, but I'll, I'll intersperse to mine later. 'cause this is your show and your gimmick. Wow. Thank you. I have two odor based ones. Great fir. First one coming off of what happened to me last night. Supposed to take the dog out for a walk. Midnight ish. Ah, it's kind of cold. I'll just let the dog out. Oh no. I just, I just let him out. He goes out, I hear a bark that is reserved for cartoon dogs. Like, yeah, what's going on here? Come back downstairs, open the door.


The dog's making like, he's like making noises and he's like, drooling. Kind of like, as soon as he gets close to me, he's has already been sprayed by a skunk. I realize he's sprayed by a skunk now he is in the house and he is slobbering. It's almost like getting a concussion. Oh my. It's, it's now. And he's moving around and he's bringing this stink everywhere. My Oh, so you brought him in the house. That's the worst thing you could do. I didn't Know know he was making noise. I didn't realize he had gotten sprayed until he was in the house. And now he's like freaking out. And I'm like, and I gotta take care of you. I'm not just gonna, you know. Yeah. Just communicate 'em to the garage. I'm like, all right, we gotta get in the tub. I bring him upstairs.


Now you stink of skunk. I stink of skunk. I bring upstairs. My wife wakes up. What smells he got hit? He got, he got sprayed by a skunk. Now I've got the, the ragu in there. I'm pouring it on him. And he is like, kind of likes it. He's like Regu tomato sauce. Yeah. That's a thing. That's what you do with a dog gets cooked. Yeah. Some sort of, something about the So did You google this? No, I kind of knew that. Oh, I didn't know that. I think it's like Peeing on a jelly, like a jellyfish thing. I think it's just convention. Like common knowledge. Okay. I don't think you're supposed to use marinara sauce. I think you're supposed to use like tomato.


I don't know. In any event now I'm covering the dog up with tomato, with marinara sauce. My wife's like, it smells like skunk and garlic in here. I'm like, I know I'm making pasta in the top. Covering him up. He stinks. The place is a disaster. Moral of the story I wanted, I needed someone to call and I had nobody like The wolf from pulp fiction for skunks. Nailed it. Oh, Wolf of skunks. That's exactly what I want. Some sort of wolf skunk thing. Call a guy comes in. 'cause now I'm going home and everybody else who, who went to work today is going home is gonna say, ah, ah, I'm so happy I'm home.


You know, home is where the heart is in my entire house. Smells like something that God created to get animals away. And I'm just living in it. Also, I smell a little bit right now. It's like, it's, it's, it's like days isn't supposed to like 7, 8, 9 days. It's like burning popcorn multiplied by a hundred. So what? And he moved all around and it was on his mouth. So as he was drooling, like the skunk smells in the rugs. I don't know what I'm supposed to do. Call, Call the wolf. Here's. So what else? I feel like that can't be the only job for the, for the animal wolf. It's gotta be, there's gotta be a couple other things.


Like bit by a rattlesnake. You knows what to do with that. Oh Yeah. He can do all basically Like animal. Yeah. He has got like five specialties. Yes. That's sure. But I really in, in charge, I would just like to call him, take care of the skunk smell. But also if you als you know, coincidentally got bit by a rattlesnake, that would also work. So then that goes into, so that's just a kind of, that's a one that happened last night. That's, here's the real one that I actually thought of. Tough one for the dog, man. This getting sprayed close by a skunk. He, he's eventually, He honestly a concussion. He actually started to like it. He liked the attention. Okay. He's get a court skunk stuff. He just, okay.


This one is called homeowners association. Okay. This is just a coincidence from the skunk thing. Okay. Okay. This is gonna upend the real estate market. Alright. Real estate is usually based on visuals. Right. Curb appeal of the home. What type of view do you have? Do you have view of the water? A view of the, you know, nice forest perhaps. And if it's, so it's one part. Visual is probably the top dog. Sometimes real estate's based on sounds. Oh, it's, it's a quiet neighborhood. Or if you're too close to the highway, it's loud. And that will hurt the value. Yeah. It's, It's never based on smells.


So I came home the other day, someone was having cooking up several cheeseburgers and I was like, wow. I was just walking home like, this is What a great smell. Develop a property and maybe you gotta figure out the wind patterns or you know, you have a little pop-up barbecue places. Yeah. And they don't even have to make money because the money is within the smell. So it's like a grilling, a cheeseburger smell just a lot of the time. A bakery, we have a bakery. Oh, in, in Portchester. There's a, a bakery. It smells wonderful. Riding my bike around like, wow, should I go get some fresh bread? Was there another level of this where it's almost like you have a surround sound system in your house, but instead it's a surround smell system and you're like, today I'm gonna pass, I'm gonna pass out the smell of burgers being grilled.


Yeah. And they just go through your house. I, I love it. That yeah. I mean, that's just diffuses. Can't AI come up with that? AI can do. Everything at AI is overrated. Like pizza, pizza burning on a wood grill smell. Here's, here's another one. This is not, this is not artificial. I'm doing the real thing. You know, not just like a fake, not, I'm not Yankee candle out here. An old man with a pipe, he comes to your house because I don't, I don't want the nicotine, I don't want, you know, the, the chance of diseases and I don't want the secondhand smoke. But while you're at work, an old man with a pipe will come and sit down in a chair, smoke a pipe. It's Just for two hours.


Yes. And then Leaves. And then leaves. But you go in there like, wow. Smells like folk music here. Smells great. You made me think of LA Live walking to where we both used to do TV and do TV shows. And Grantland was there. That there was that restaurant that would spew out the hot air from the air conditioning that smelled like food, like burgers and dogs. But it was like this hot, humid, disgusting version of the smell. And when you walk through it, you got hit by it every time. And you would always forget it was there. You know what I'm talking About. Was it good or no? Was it bad smell? It was like a hot heat across from Catya Hot heat, like kind of food that was already made. Gross smell.


Hell remember that. But, and I, I got hit by it last week And you Didn't like it. Car in the garage did not like it. Well, all of your odors sound much better. Yeah. If it has to be positive odors. So that's what it's called. One part Winston Wolf of Skunks, one part Home ODS Association. Really great, great start. You wanna go another, another one? Yeah. Combine. Hmm. I'll start here. One of the legendary Kobe's Pro day where Jerry West brings in Michael Cooper. Yeah. And Michael Cooper was 40 years old.


Kobe cooked him up. Jerry West realizes that Kobe is a superstar. He knew it. But that was a, that is a legendary pro day story. I'm seeing Cam Ward, nobody's there. He's just throwing to no one. There's no opposition. Ashton Genty, we had his pro day, he took his shirt off. Looks great. But he is running against literal garbage cans and jumping over little cones. So here's the idea. Remember Iron Mike Sharp? Yeah. Or w that he would just come in and get beaten up and you're like, ah, that's entertaining. Iron Mike Sharp esque for players. Players. You're talking about wrestling jobbers.


Yes. For your four year pro day come in, like wrestling. So football jobbers Yes. But stars because like, like Michael Cooper s like Aaron Donald. Look. Yeah. What he what? Yeah. He's not working out lately. Any, Any interest in suiting up and and trying to get past Will Campbell, like worst case scenario for Will Campbell You hold your own against Aaron Donald. Yeah. And I know you're thinking the, the pushback is gonna be pushback's gonna be like, ah, Aaron Donald's been outta the league. Like, oh, so what You tackled Barry Sanders, he's 45. I get it. But the, I forget Whi which Jake Paul.


Jake Paul Tyson. There is a glitch in sports fans', minds sports. And it's happening right now with Aaron Rogers that sports fans, and maybe this is because of Tom Brady's longevity and LeBron's longevity, that the glitches, we cannot process aging of our heroes. Aging of superstars. We just can't quite Get it. I talked about this two weeks ago. Brady screwed it up in football. And now we just assume Aaron Rogers shouldn't be watching that. Of course he's gonna be good. Yeah, because Tom Brady was good. We're not like No, he was one of one. It's Really only Brady and LeBron. That's right. They're the only two that made it into their forties and stayed good.


But if you are, you know, if you are a little bit younger than me, that was, they were the main figures of your entire sports universe. Yeah. So of course the great players can go. Same with Mike Tyson. When I saw Mike, I'm like, oh, I don't know. Mike Tyson's got a chance. Even now. It's like, no, Mike Tyson was pulling punches. Mike Tyson is Older, is older than I. Yeah, of course. You can't absorb a punch. So that's why. Wow. Look at Travis Hunter tracking down. Look at him lighting up. Darrel Rivas Be great. Wow. Tackling Barry Sanders. Get Calvin Johnson out there.


Can you lock up Calvin Johnson? Yeah, I think it would be great. Also around Make some money and next thing you know, like maybe you guys get another shot at it. Right? Hey, yeah. Like Terrell Owens trying to cook. Will Johnson? Yes. That would be tremendous. You shut down. That's a great one. Shut down to that would work. Do you want, do you want my worst one? A decent one or one that I'm actually afraid to give out? 'cause I feel like it's an actual idea. The, I like the, the one that you're afraid to give out. Okay. Your worst ones are usually pretty bad. Okay. Remember masterclass when all the would be like Malcolm Gladwell teaches you how to write a book and is that still a thing?


Dave Chang? I don't know if it's still a thing or not. And you would watch these tutorials. Yeah. But it was like, they would just get all these awesome people. Yeah. What is the biggest question? Couples ask one another every week. The number one thing. Couples who are married, who are somewhere between my age group and your age group. Even though we're pretty close to each Other, the number one question, number One question we ask week after week. I mean, this sounds so lame, but like, w what is our, what is our schedule this week? That's a good one. Yeah. That's probably, I had that number two. Number one. Should we watch this?


This? It's like, Hey Netflix, we, we go check Netflix. What's on there? Temptation Allen. Hmm. Should we watch this? Watch one episode. What's this new show? Adolescence. Ah, Celtic City on Max. Ah, sports documentary at a team. I don't know. Is, is this a good one? Should we watch this? Okay. This is the, there's so much content. You never know what to watch, what not to watch. What's good, what's not good. Okay. And then you end up like you're on Google, you're checking out Oh, did Vulture at a recap of this? Yes. Did, did. Oh wait. The Ringer wrote a piece that said, they said this was good. Oh, I heard on the wi like there, there's this extra step.


Well, not with Master Critic. Okay, let go ahead. We're doing all AI for movies. TV reality. So reality, it's like, should I watch Temptation Island? Dave Jacoby hasn't watched it either. He is the czar of reality. What we do have is ai Dave Jacoby, who's taken all of his takes on reality ever. And then can Oh wow. Take Temptation Island. The synopsis, what they've heard of the show, synthesize. And then you click ai Dave Jacoby and ai. Dave Jacoby says, I think Temptation Island's gonna be pretty good. I was a big fan of the one in oh three and just talks to you like Dave Jacoby. But it's ai, same thing for ai.


Roger Ebert, Roger Ebert's back, he's reviewing movies again. We're going, we're calling, we're, And by the way, his estate gets a sheer masterclass, but we're calling 40 years of Roger Ebert reviews and AI can figure out would he have liked the movie that's about to come out? Me? There's a new heist movie AI Bill Simmons. I'm dead. AI Bill Simmons. You don. It's like, you don't need to, Maybe I can be alive. Yeah, You don't need to be dead for this. It's like, so wait. So it can just be a time saving thing. You don't need to be dead. Wait, so it's Chris Evans and Denzel Washington are in Argentina and they have to commit a heist. And then I come in and I just say, yeah, you should watch this. That's all I got.


Master critic. Alright, so this would, It's all ai. This is a, I hate to say it 'cause you've done this before in our history of half Baked Ideas. You don't totally grasp the concept. You think this is too fully baked. That's just called a business idea that you should have saved for like, some important meeting. Ah, That's why I was hesitant to give it out. That was, that's what you call a real good idea. AI Dave Jacoby. Yeah. That, that's a real idea. Idea. What about dive bars with Kyle? Like Kyle, it's, it's ai. Kyle that's better Now you Kyle, where it's just, that's better. The, the AI can look at the dive bar and the sign and find out how many bars on tap.


And would Kyle go in there and spend four hours there? See that's better. Yeah. Kyle, I feel like master critic has, has options for everybody. But the AI can go and look at the background and figure out exactly what people like and then they Yeah. It's basically you reverse engineering, like supposedly what Netflix was doing, like picking all of these Characteristics. Yeah. Yeah. And then you just reversing it. Yeah. The thing I, I do like that I think you stumbled upon with Roger Ebert like sometimes, or Cisco and Ebert. I will try to figure out if I wanna watch something, let's read this review. And it's this interesting review that the writer is writing all of these things. I'm like, all right, here's what I like old school.


Yeah. Thumbs up or thumbs down. Right. It's worth seeing or it's not. That's it. I don't, I don't need any vagueness. Thumbs up. Watch it. Thumbs down. Oh, it's Rotten Tomatoes eight. You ever get like a 77% rotten tomatoes by the fans, but the other one is 62%. Yeah. Like, huh? Am I supposed to eh, what? Thumbs up or thumbs down. That's all I want. I agree. That's good. That's a real idea though. What's your, Oh, thanks. Maybe I shouldn't give it away. No, that was, That was at least I got it on the record now. Somebody has that. Now I have trademark. Did I, if I did this one already, Kyle, edit it out.


But I don't think I have did some caroling over the holidays. I don't remember this one. Okay, good. I did some caroling. Well, we haven't talked to you since the holidays, so we definitely haven't heard this. This is, this is fresh. It'd be funny if you did do this and neither of us remembered it Though. No, I, I do think I have one of those, but yeah, I'll try. I'll, this one's fresh. So did some caroling. Exactly what you think. Some strong eggnog. We got some songbooks walking around in the freezing cold singing. Loved it.


Loved it. To the point where I stopped, I said, you know what, lib, we should, Carol like, this should be our thing too. Maybe we go to their house to Carol. One week we go to another week. And I was upset that I was gonna have to wait 365 days to go caroling. There's no law against non Christmas caroling. This is year round Carol Caesar Chavez day. Let's get out there, do some carols. Any day, any day. Any day. Any day you want. Like, it's what people talk about. I don't golf, but like, I'm like, ah, I don't know. It's a golf. Like, look, you're out here with your buddies.


It's a nice walk. You're having some drinks, you're spending some time together and you know it, it's a great time. Just mo you wanna call it mobile karaoke? Sure. Get, let's all get together. What are we doing tonight? Oh, we're gonna have a few drinks. And by the way, if you're singing, you're allowed to drink in public. That's just a little carve out of the law. I don't think like, oh, Bring caroling back. But I don't even know, is, is Caroling holiday specific or am I just a Door-to-door? I always felt it. Did I, I feel like there needs to be a specific reason for caroling. Like in the holidays it's 'cause everybody's in cheerful mood and they're in the giving spirit.


But what, what does that mean for like April? But if I showed up on your doorstep on July 4th to sing the Star-Spangled Banner, you wouldn't turn me away. I got a cocktail. That's why this is that fake. I'd probably be like, why is that guy at our door? I lots of friends. I give you a Budweiser, let's go. We got, and we're just going down. We're just singing patriotic songs. It feels like this could be co-opted by bad people. Who would be like, let's do the thing where we pretend we're caroling and then we rob some houses. Well, gee wiz if I mean, yeah, so could, I dunno if you look through that lens, The cynical guy. My goodness.


Alright. This one is more base. All right, I'll do the other one that I think, I don't think I've, have I done the Antis Scout? No, I don't think so. This is a little bit like baseball. 'cause you know youth sports right now? Yeah. Spending a lot of money, lot of camps traveling around. Multiple sports people gunning for scholarships. A lot of pressure on the kids. A lot of pressure on the parents to keep up. Yeah. Oh, then you get to high school. Ooh. Ooh, there's a scout here. Yeah. Oh. Oh my goodness. A scout from college or a scout from the big leagues. Yeah.


Guess what I got Sout. Yeah. The parents get excited. What the, what a scout does. Looking around for all the measurables, looking around to see if your kid's got what it takes to make it at the next level. The anti sout comes to, you know, basically the parents have to hire the Antis Scout. Antis Scout goes, watches the games, does the same exact thing, then has a meeting with the parents. Says, I wanna tell you about a little Johnny. Congratulations. He doesn't have what it takes. You know, like, yes, let's go.


We've saved $48,000 in expenses. Good news. I Travel camp. I've got great news. And he's got like an arsenal. Like, you know, when there's ever like, like it's always like Denzel Washington is always like out on, you know, Denzel Washington's trying to, to put his life back on the, you know, the straight and narrow. Yeah. But then he has to meet up with his old CIA partner's. Like, I can't believe I have to do this. And they have the one scene where he has all the guns and he is gotta choose. Yeah, that's what the Antis scout has like a table. He is like, come on over here. And he, he opens it up and it's just like a chess board. There's like a clarinet there. There's just like, there's just like several books on like engineering and the coating and stuff like that.


The Antis got like, you can, there's a, there's a recycling bin for all your baseball stuff, your cleats and stuff. Like we're Oh, you're just out co you're out that day. You can be out that day. That's probably too aggressive. That might, there might be a little more emotional. So Anti comes in, he meets with Johnny's parents. He's like, that's It. And they're like, what do you think? And he is like, honestly, I watched him run to First Base when he hit that line. Drive single Heavy Legs. And I don't think it ever changes. He did. He's slow, but he is not upset. It's like, He's like, yeah. It's just like, it's, it's the way it's Yeah. No, you're happy about it. It's like getting, it's like getting an offer. Yeah. Like you're saving thousand. Like if you get a scholarship, you're saving thousands of dollars and everyone's thrilled.


If you get a positive review, which You're still saving, you're still saving the money, You're saving those thousands of dollars. You're like, I've got great news for you. Yeah. This guy should pick up, you know, I think he's great with Drum. Maybe that's it. Maybe we just head it somewhere else. Like, I think he's gonna be a great wind surfer. Like really? Yeah. Like, yes. The Antis Scout and parents, like text chains are always calling the Antis Scout to come in. Hey, you better play his best. I love the Antis Scout also. It would be a, a fun sports movie. That's A good take too. Write that one up.


This episode is brought to you by vrbo, private Vacation Rentals with vrbo, you always get the whole house so you and your fellow fans can cheer on your team in peace. What's worse than watching a game with somebody who's not rooting for the same team? You're rooting for nothing. But that's why if you book a vacation house with vrbo, you know all the people in your house, they'll be friends, they'll be family. Ideally they'll be the ones who also root for my teams plan a winning vacation. Make it a vrbo.


I got, all right, I got another one for you. Oh, This is probably my worst one. But I feel strongly bad. This means It'll be the best Baby names. Yeah. When you're, when you're having a baby. We just had a couple of our friends have babies and it, there's like this whole thing where you don't really wanna ask what, what they're thinking about a name. Yeah. Because they usually like some name and then if you weigh in and you're like, ah. Then you know, and you have some sort of take, it actually can get a little awkward. So now we've hit this world where people kind of hoard the name and they're like, ah, we don't know. But they always know. You always know around month eight you got like your three finalists. But what I'm always amazed by, and I just thought this 'cause my dad just got a puppy.


'cause he is a psycho, he's 77. He just got a golden retriever puppy who by the way is a maniac. But he was gonna name the dog Sophie. 'cause they always have these IE names. Yeah. Good to call for their dogs. Yeah. And I was like, I don't know, they're, they're getting like this dog out of, they got the litter, they got the first pick of the girls. Like, this dog's gonna be a little bit alpha. Like, it's like Sophie sounds that I, and and more importantly there's a ton of Sophies right now. He's like, there is, he was like, yeah, don't do Sophie. So, and we talked her in a name and the dog Ruby. Okay. So we call her Rubes and you get all these nicknames out of it. But it got me thinking he didn't realize that Sophie was such a popular name right now.


And what happens over and over again when people have the names, they don't do all the work to find out like, oh don't, don't name your kid Olivia. There's like a million Olivias right now. You're just gonna be like, your kid's gonna be Olivia W or Olivia s Yeah because you're out of the mix. If you're, you're if You don't, yes. So when we named our daughter Zoe, we were all excited about it 'cause we didn't know any Zoe's. But we didn't realize is there had been a slow stealth Zoe Renaissance right before. So Zoe gets into whatever she's in pre-K, there's another Zoe, like one of her best friends right now is also named Zoe. And there was like all, all of a sudden Zoe's, Olivia's, Emma's Ava, they're all, you know.


So I looked up the top five names right now for girls are still Olivia, Amelia, Emma, Charlotte, and Sophia. And then there's Mia, Isabella, Ava, Evelyn, Luna, like you, you have two relatively young kids. So you've seen a lot of these names in action. Yes. Yes. The boys are Noah Liam Oliver, James and Elijah. Ooh. No, Charlie. I thought Charlie, we got a lot of Charlie's. Charlie's a big one. We got a lot of Charlie's. Liam's a big one. Henry is in there. Henry, and nobody zags the other way. So that this is my half baked idea. Baby name consultant. So you go in and does this exist?


I think it straight up exists. Shut up. I think it's straight up exists. Like it's like a service. Yeah. I think there's a people that do that. Maybe I read about this, that it was like, oh, So Rudy says a hundred percent exists. Wow. Have baked idea. That's, I guess fully Baked both of you. You, you have, you have hit two fully Baked Ideas. You're a one way. Well I, I had a whole other thing where you could go into the baby name consultant and be like, we're thinking of something in like in 1977. Yeah, I think they, and then they go back and they look and the biggest name in 1977 was Jennifer, followed by Melissa, Amy, Jessica, Heather, and Angela. By the way, names that no longer exist.


They, those kids are not. Oh, SAR Rudy says it's infiltrated as IG algorithm. Erie's about to have a kid. Oh, nice. Yeah. Sarie. What's the name? What, what name? Sar Just come on the Zoom. So this hundred percent exists. Yep. Yep. There's, I'll get like, there's three or four different women that come up and they basically, like, you email them like, Hey, I like Sophia, but I don't want Sophia. And they'll give you like a list of names that are like, kind of similar vibes. Come from the same origin. Start with the same letter. There you go. You know, it's very bougie. I do, I don't do that. I just read lists all day and we don't have any names. Does this ever happen in half Baked Ideas where there's been a half-baked idea? Like I is is this a sign that we're getting old?


What's, Here's the thing. No, I think that you just need, you carve out your niche bill of like sports names. Oh, That's the only, that's Only you do like a sports, A sports specific name. Because I think, I don't know if the baby consultants are huge sports fans. So you, so, so you could be like, Hey, what about Gail? Gail Goodrich. Gail For a Gail Sayers. No, Elgin Got yeah. Go all all like seventies el. Yeah, Elgin. But you could be like, like that I think works. It's like how Jalen Rose Jaylen's name took off. Could, But now harder. Now. You should be Jalen sweetie. Don't name your kid Jalen if you're having a boy.


But Jalen Jalen One of the founders. Founders of the new business. It's like Jalen Rose, like, trust me, like I'm the godfather of all of this. See, the reason I thought this was a half-baked idea. 'cause the move is just don't do anything that everybody else is doing in the last 10 years. Go back like there's no Jenny's anymore. Jenny was the most popular name when we were growing up and there's like, nobody wants to name their kid Jenny. 'cause all the adults all know people named Jenny and they wanna zag. But really the move is to zag the other way and go with Jenny. I know, but everyone is zagging. That's the problem. Everyone's doing the opposite. It feels like it's a big like grandma name phase right now. Like names that were popular in like the twenties, thirties coming back. She's gonna mention this. Yeah.


If you go back to like Rachel, you know, just an yeah, like a name from the nineties or something. Kathleen. Yeah, I looked at the trending names right now. Wilds nineties. Rachel isn't the Bible. I dunno What're, but like Rachel was a Po you know, friends, the whole popularity thing. Yeah. That nobody, I don't know any, Do you know any babies Named Rachel anymore? I, I, Well, do you know any babies, Rachel? The Trendy names right now? Arthur Birdie, Celeste, Daphne and Dorothy. So like the 1920s and Hy are coming back. Dorothy a lot. Yeah. Will probably have a Marge and a match. All that stuff. I Like those. So Rudy, the thing you just, you just have to avoid having the name that your kid just has to have the last name initial next to their name for eight years.


Yeah. That's sounds like severance. Yeah. Yeah. I was, Zoe was in one class where there were three Zoes and we were like, we thought like there were, and maybe we were just naive. Anyway, SAR Rudy. All right. That one's fully big. Thanks. Thanks sir. Rudy, Good Job. Saru. What's your next one? Wiles. I've got mom's. No, that one's no good. I Can't believe they're baby name consultants that this is a job. Yeah, there's lot of, I'm just stunned by this. This is a quick one. I just get a quick take on it. We went to Duke, Alabama. Mm. We sat, we sat on the baseline. It was in, it was in New Jersey. Prudential Center I think.


Yeah. And I hadn't been to a, I don't know when, last time I went to a, well, I went to the, I went to the Yukon game at the Garden, but this was the first time I sat baseline and we we're sitting near the Alabama band Trombones the whole nine. And it made me realize, and I may I, I think I'm po I think I'm right, but I, I hold out a chance that I'm just not, I'm misremembering it because the band was so, we were next to the band that there was no music playing during the, during the game. Like there isn't an NBA game. There was no like, Oh yeah, yeah. It was just in timeouts. The band going crazy.


So I'm just putting it out there. Bands at NBA games. Bring them back. Yeah, bring them back. Like your Charlotte, you're playing out the string. Put a band in there and it's happier And it's great. It's just livelier. Like college games are li like bands are underrated at this point. I think bands are underrated at weddings. I think they're underrated at sporting events. They're like, nah, no, it's the dj. Dj they can do like, I know the DJ should be better, but just do the Pepsi Challenge. Have, you know, a DJ on a street corner playing a popular song and have a full on band.


The band is tremendous. So an actual wedding band. Yeah, Yeah. Full on kick ass brass band playing in timeouts, getting you fired up symbols. Like it's just great. It feels like you're, there's something to it where yeah, they're not hit songs perhaps. Perhaps they're just big symbol crashes. But there's something about the liveness of it that like they're performing. The game is happening. There's something special that college sports captures with a band that gets lost in the NBA. Be with a reliance on DJs and playing sound during the games, which I am not a fan of.


Nobody likes it. And they do it because if you don't do it, it gets too quiet in the arena. And then people can yell stuff and then people get upset. The band thing, I would say one of the reasons is it's taking up space somewhere. Oh, boohoo. Well that's, I'm just saying, these guys are all greedy. That's why we have 82 games instead of 70. Because these guys are grabbing every dollar they can. I mean, that does make sense. Balmer could Have done it then There's a lot of seats. Yes. Palmer could have done it. Balmer could have been like, I'm building the best arena ever. And by the way, we're gonna have a band and not like a college band. It's gonna be like a big ensemble. Doobie Brothers kind of band that during timeouts. It's like when a late night TV show goes to commercial.


Yes. And all of a sudden the band kicks in. That's what we're doing folks. I, I think Steve Ballmer should do that, Man. Maybe he's listening. It's a great idea. A hundred percent. He should do that. I think it's good for everybody. Everyone loves a band. No one dislikes a band. Great one. I didn't mean, what's your next one? This, this one's too stupid. I'm, I'm reluctant. Oh, this is a quick, another quick one then I have an insane one. What do you think about the jumping three pointer? This is a little bit of like the torpedo bat. There's few things. The one, the one-legged, three pointer, like with Tatum dust Jumping from the three point line to the foul line. Like when this happens, there's a few things happening in sports that are so obvious.


Oh, so you jump but you don't shoot till you're like near the foul line. Yes. So the, I'll give you just the background. The tush push. Hey, I'm a quarterback sneak. No. How about we get everybody and just push the guy forward? Obvious unstoppable seems like a flaw. I don't know why it didn't work before. Number two. Hey, a torpedo bats. Hey, how about with a barrel? The sweet spot. We make that a little bit bigger and make a smaller part where no one ever hits the ball. Wow. That works. No brainer. Old school. Hey, how about we shoot more threes? Yeah, that sounds good. They're better than twos. Yep. Great. The running three pointer is such an obvious idea.


I don't know why it's not happening. I'm trying to think of the situations. So you would need, it would need to be like a three on two. Every Situation pretty, every fast break Giannis comes down and there's no standing. You take off at the three point line. Bare minimum, you're getting to the free throw line for a little mid-range jumper. So you think this is the new Euro step? It's so obvious and it's pretty good. It's popped up on Instagram and Reddit and people have put, like Dwayne Wade did it to win a game and he landed near the free throw line. There's no, it's, it's some teams. I remember that game. That was awesome when that happened. He won the game. Yeah. Yes. Some team is going to do it.


Everyone's gonna be like, is this allowed? Are you sure? It's like, yeah, it's where you take off. It's always been that way. But no one's doing it for God knows why I like it. There's no reason not. Is there any reason not there's videos on the internet. It's a college three guys doing basically long range finger rolls for three points. Tatum's been messing around with this one-legged thing. That's pretty Fun. The windy thing. It's like a like A, yeah. I kind of enjoy it. What's your last one? This is my buddies. I would told, I told him I would do it. I think it's insane, but Oh, you're performing other people's half Baked Ideas. I didn't know if Did, I'm gonna, would Bill Bird do this and his Hulu special's? Like, Hey guys, while you're still here, my buddy has a whole bit I'm gonna do.


Well you know, sometimes I don't really take requests. I'm not a dj but this one is, okay, Let's do it. Perfectly Half baked. And I thought you would like it. I will read you the text that he wrote me. Yeah. I have a joke premise that's looking for an audience and I'm not sure my friends who like sports nor my friends who like comedy will get it. Good start. That's what I Said. I'm intrigued already. This is what he writes. Yeah. Transfer portal for families. So I, I mean it's a lot of, it can go a lot of ways. I'm gonna try to keep it above board. But this is just like if my son has been doing well in sports, handsome kids, you know, he comes up to me one night like, dad, can I talk to you for a minute?


I'm like, yeah, what's up? I'm gonna hop in the portal. I'm like, wow, really? Like I sp I've invested so much in you, like my time and you know, I thought we had something. He's like, no, you know, you've been great. You've been great. But I'm just, you know, I think I can, I'm gonna move up to a kind of a better dad. Like wanna Get to the west coast, You know, just a nicer dad. You know, I got more opportunities out there. But a Bigger room would be nice. Just like transfer portal. Like people having marital problems, like oh man, Better. I would say for the spouses, that's probably a better, you're getting divorced. No, no, I'm not getting divorced.


My wife just hopped in. I see my wife. Ho. I like the idea, the transfer portal in general because it works for NBA coaches. It works for sports media people. Yeah. Hopping in the portal. It's, It's just out. Oh, somebody's in the portal again. I Am in the, eh, we're looking in the portal. See what's going on. Lose your job. Like I lose much hop in The portal. Could you put dogs in the portal? Like, wow. Like where do you draw the line? Houses. Houses go in the portal. Like portal Does everything go in the portal? The portal is just like a a a a nebulous concept. Yeah. The Portal. Everything's in the portal. Alright, here's my last one. Okay. You know NBA fantasy has just been destroyed.


I, I got it. It's the worst. It's been the worst for 15 years. There's too many inches I Played and I was like, this is the worst. And like this, It sucks. It's like the opposite of fantasy football. And I think it's really hurt basketball because fantasy basketball was fun in the nineties. That's a good take. And then as the years went along, you know it I, whereas football, you care all the way through, partly through the prism of your fantasy guys. And then you think about the end of the season guys getting shut down, teams tanking. Well how do you make that more fun? That's impossible. Well that's why I have NBA Injury Fantasy league. Okay. So there's all star break happens. We have our draft and you can draft players that are gonna get prematurely shut down.


But you could also draft injuries and you could draft either as the rounds go along. So maybe end up with six players and six injuries. And then if the player you drafted gets the injury you drafted, you get triple points. These Are fake injuries like shutting down? No, these are the, they use, I'll read you some of the injuries that they use to shut down players this year. Yeah. But fake injuries, they're not real injuries. Tyrese, maxon, finger tendon. IIII saw that Zion Williamson lower back contusion. CJ McCollum bone contusion in his foot. Paul George submissions was his left abductor muscle.


This is my favorite. Laurie Markin who's missed some time with Patello femoral chondrosis with associated Subc Chondral edema. I didn't know it was nine. That Could be a first round pick. Yeah. Kinosis, Darren Fox extender tendon surgery. So you just, you have like 25 things. 25 kind of fake injuries that you couldn't really, the league couldn't really crack down on. Right. Like, oh, lower back stiffness. I guess take, I'll take your word for it. Yeah. Neck Issues. It's a lot of those. You draft all those, then you draft all the players in the tanking team and then you try to mix and match and try to, oh I have Paul George and I had a left abductor muscle.


30 points and then you go half big, but you can't drop bad injuries. You can't be like torn a No, they got real ones. No, Like the fake one. Pretend ones like Corneal corneal irritation. Oh that's a great pick. I thought, I thought I was gonna get cornal irritation in the fourth round. You're, your half Baked Ideas in this round have been all over the map. It's real. Like you, I think you evened out from two, two 100% ideas and one 10% idea. Yeah. At It may even be a 5% idea But, but you evened out to have faked ideas. So you got it. Thank you. Who knows? I nailed it. It's just what's your, what's your closer?


Do you have a closer? No, I think that was it. Family portal. Offensive. Offensive lineman. Santa. No one cares about that. Great Selling phone numbers. That's boring. That's a real idea. Idea. Wow. I had a great time. You could hear Wilds and watch him on First things first on FS one. Yeah. Thank you. Are you traveling for the playoffs? Are you doing anything? No. Oh, maybe Indy 500. We got Indy 500 on Fox. Wow. So we go out to Indianapolis. I'm excited about that. I don't know if that's happening, but I'm into the Indianapolis 500 all of a sudden. That's cool. Alright. Say hi to the fans. I hi to the crew. Great to see you as always. Alright, that's it for the podcast. Thanks to Mahoney. Thanks to Kevin Wildes. Thanks to Kyle and Sir Rudy and Geha for producing.


As always, don't forget you can watch this podcast as a video podcast on Spotify and you can watch videos on Bill Simmons YouTube channel. You can watch me and Joanna and Mallory do the season finale White Lotus Instant Reaction, our Prestige TV podcast. We're doing it live on YouTube, on The Ringer dash tv, YouTube channel. And then also this weekend putting up the saint, the re watchable that Kyle Brat and I did after ba comb passed away. We are, we're just putting that up early 'cause it felt like we could, we could jump ahead three days. So get ready for that as well. And then Monday night, Celtic City, catch up on the first five episodes of Celtic City on Max episode five was my favorite episode.


So we'll see if you dig it. Enjoy the weekend and I will see you two times on Sunday. Must be 21 plus in President select states for Kansas and affiliation with Kansas Star Casino or 18 plus in DC. Gambling problem, call 100 GAMBLER. Visit rg help.com.


Call 1 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org/chat in Connecticut. Or visit md gambling help.org in Maryland. Hope is here. Visit gambling help line ma.org or call 803 2 7 50 50 for twenty four seven. Support Massachusetts. Or call 1 8 7 7 8 Hope ny. Or Text Hope NY in New York.