
Coming up the most shocking NBA trade, at least since I've been alive. It's next.


It's The Bill Simmons Podcast presented by a FanDuel Super Bowl 59 is here and you can bet on America's number one game of America's number one sports book. Any way you want Fun markets who have the most yards, tons of same game parlays, offensive titties of the next drive. So much more. It's the most fun thing about the Super Bowl for me, other than watching the game. I love the Super Bowl props. You can also check out their Super Bowl squares. Pick your own numbers and make your pick for a kick a destiny. Three between the Manning Brothers. I'm picking Peyton Manning every time because Eli Manning took two Super Bowls for me so he can screw off when you win, you'll get paid instantly. Download the app today and bet the big game with FanDuel and official Sportsbook partner of Super Bowl 59. The Ringer is committed to responsible gaming. Please visit rg help.com to learn more about the resources and help lines available. And listen end of this episode. For additional details, let's be 21 plus in President select states Game Pro. Call 100 gambler or visit rg help.com.


This episode is brought to you by Vuori. I love sports. I know you do too. I also know that lots of you exercise, but if you're like me and my wife, the the beloved sports G, you're sick and tired of ugly, uncomfortable workout gear, especially, you know, I do a lot of walking. I walk around la, I make calls, I listen to podcasts. Here are two words that will change everything. Vuori clothing, a line of active wear that is unbelievable. The best thing about Vuori is you can lounge around in it. You can work out in it, you can go outside, you can go shopping down in your local wherever, and you never feel like you're either underdressed or overdressed. You're just comfortable. You can wear it when you're training, traveling, lounging around the house. Go get yourself some of the most comfortable and versatile clothing on the planet. Here's the deal, our listeners get 20% off their first purchase that Vuori dot com slash simmons. Once again, VUO rri do com slash Simmons.


We're also brought to you by The Ringer Podcast Network. I have new re watchable coming for you Monday night. I have new BS podcast coming for you Sunday night. 'cause Cousin Sal And I are still gonna do our Super Bowl Props pod. This is a special Saturday night emergency podcast. I did not wanna work on a Saturday night. I was hanging out with my wife. All of a sudden, Luca IC got traded to the Los Angeles Lakers. Holy shit. Rob Mahoney, Ryan Ello, myself. We just hopped on. We bind out an emergency podcast as fast as we possibly could. You can watch this as well on the Bill Simmons YouTube channel. Here's the pod. Let's bring in our friends who also can't believe Luka Dodge is the Los Angeles Laker from Pearl Jab.


The most shocking trade, I think in the history of the NBA, at least from a shock value. Oh my God, is this real? Has shams been hacked? What? What? What is happening? Rob Mahoney's here. Ryan Illa is here. It took me about 10 minutes to figure out was this real And then shams, obviously he had to retweet. No, no, this is real. Mahoney, you, you followed DAOs pretty closely. Was there any sign whatsoever that Luca was on the block? Not like this. At least that I heard you hear Burbling with players of his caliber all the time of like, oh, if he, if it ever got to the point, then maybe the Lakers or team like that would be consulted if it ever reached a certain threshold.


But this is, I'm completely blindsided by this as apparently as most of the league, including many of the players in it. Celo, I couldn't believe it. I mean, I was getting texts and then I was like checking with people and then what Bobby Marks was like, Hey, this is real. Like Shams had to say I'm not hacked above it. And then Bobby Marks above that had to be like, this is real. Because the headline of it is that it makes no fucking sense at all. And whatever we're, you know, we're gonna go all over the place and try to figure it out. But like figure you have traded at worst, the third best player in the NBA and when he is right, probably the second best guy and you've traded him at this age and you've completely reset the Lakers in a way that is basically impossible.


So it doesn't make any sense at all. So my, here, here's my cycle. As I went through it, somebody forwarded me the tweet. I thought it was one of those MBAs tel, oh no, oh somebody's messing around. Then you click on it, they Would've had bro in it, Right? True. So then you click on it and it's Sean's actual account. Then the next thing is, well this ha, he had to have been hacked. Because if you're actually making a trade of Luca Dcia, Shane, Anthony Davis, the Lakers would be giving up more stuff. It wouldn't just be the 2029 first and that's it. I would've been at 2031 first. There would've been pick swaps. And then over the next 10 minutes it just started to seem like it was real. And that's when I think probably all of us were getting the text.


You start going on Twitter, there's confirmation stuff on Twitter, and it's like, I guess that's it. I guess the Lakers just basically hijacked Luka Don Rob, here's this team that over and over again has found ways to reinvent itself over the last 60 years. Really going back to when they were able to get Wilt Chamberlain in the end of the, you know, the late sixties and then Kareem in the seventies and they put up Magic Johnson in the eighties and Shaq and Kobe show up in the nineties. And this just P Psal in 2008. Oh LeBron miraculously outta nowhere in 18. And then this, This is almost a totally different level than any of those things. I, I, I think just because of the pure shock value, because it is a superstar not even yet in his prime.


And we're already starting, starting to see the information filter out from Dallas about why this could have possibly happened. I I'm, I am as stunned as anybody And I don't think there is any justifiable explanation for trading a player as good as Luca right now. Unless he, he has come to the maps and said, I don't wanna be here anymore. All right, so he had a year and a half left in his deal. Yes. And in there, maybe there were discussions behind the scene that, that I'm outta here after my contract's up at the end of 26. So if you can get something for me now. But that raises the, the biggest question in this whole thing. If you're gonna trade Luca, why not shop 'em? What can you get for him? Why not actually try to really come through? I don't, do you get that part Silla?


Why wouldn't they have shopped them to at least like three, four teams? It doesn't make any sense. I mean, I'm texting with teams right now and hopefully I'll get some responses here throughout the show on just, you know, did you know that he was available? I'll never forget like teams reaching out just to be pissed off. It's not like they wanted to talk to me that bad when Casal was traded there. Yeah. All right. And I know people have debated about whether or not he was available and all this kind of different stuff, but like when the actual trade went through, there were other teams being like, we, we, we had no idea that it was like coming to this point. And you know, it's, it's not just 'cause it's the Lakers thing. There was a lot of stuff going on at the time that you could kind of read the tea leaves of like how it all came together. But this is not enough of a hall.


Like if you were shopping them, you would do better than this. So unless it was tea, like you guys said, like Luca going, Hey look I am, that's the only place I want to go. But you know, we didn't even go through the cycle. We didn't even go through all the stuff that we're used to like, oh this guy already wants it. So even if he wanted out, then it's like, so what was the hurry? If this is the return and on top of everything else, like look, I don't think Dallas is a very good matchup against Boston. That's a good basketball team. And if everybody's healthy and what they've done and drafting lively the Gafford Washington stuff, Kyrie, which by the way, like does the Kyrie alarm start going off here?


Like are we back on the clock for like where, what he's thinking about next? 'cause he was finally like basketball happy again here for a year and a half. So yeah, my point would be, okay, so say Luca 'cause we'll find out more about this stuff And I wonder if there's like a Dallas hit piece coming, like the old Boston stuff that used to happen with a guy, the Red Sox would go somewhere else and then it like a Week. Oh the old two days later Red Sox hit Piece. Yeah, the Brian Curtis. Now you tell us deal. So I don't know if if that's coming, but I just, my overall thing, I'm sorry I'm going long here. It's just that okay fine. If Luca was forcing your hand, why not just play it out this season if you're healthy? The west is not as deep as good as OKC is all the debt behind it. It's not what we thought it would be. This summer you just made the NBA finals.


He's 25 years old, he's 26 in February. You have him under contract the year after that there's a player option after like you would've done better. Like this deal was not so like, oh we have to do this right now. We're talking about ad the 29, What is it, max? And they got, they got rid of I guess some cleaver marquee Morris money. Sure. Okay. I actually thought Max Christie was just having him thrown in there. I'm like, eh, max Christie's not like nothing. No, he was awesome by the way too. Yeah. So I did my trade a break, I did my trade value rankings And I put up the thing on Thursday And I had Luca, a big thing for me was trying to decide whether I should move SGA ahead Luca.


And I didn't feel great about it, but Luca's been hurt. Luca had the year and a half left in his deal And I was just like, I I, I just think SGA is seems like slightly more un tradable to me. But I had Luca fourth at Davis 11th. Davis is 31. So he is six years older. Davis already just got hurt a week ago. He's been up and down the whole time. And I just think these are two different classes of players. Yeah. As great as Davis is. There's Luca, SGA Yo, Giannis Tatum and now we're starting to drop a little bit to some other next level of person. You can win the finals with Luca as your best guy if you can put the right people around him.


So I guess the questions that we're gonna have Rob coming out of this are, was the Luca Dallas situation worse than leaked out? Did Luca tell them I'm going to the Lakers in a year and a half, so just trade me there now if you trade me anywhere else, I'm still gonna go to the Lakers and we'll tell the team that's about to trade. Is, was there more gamesmanship behind the scenes or was this Dallas and the Lakers just stealth going, Hey, what about if we did this trade? And like neither side had any idea. I'm already scared of the, the galaxy braining effect of what is going to happen as a result of this because it, it does make you wanna believe in a conspiracy theory. The fact that this has been buttoned up clearly to the point that it shocked the entire league shocked the basketball landscape.


I I am, I am stunned that it got to this point. I am, you know, even if you considered the trade value that you just laid out, bill, none of those other guys are gonna be available. None of those other guys are gonna be on the market. Yeah. So if you're gonna trade Luca, it's gonna be for someone in that next class, the Anthony Davis class of player. But you would think that would be more to it than this. You'd think that there would be more supplementary pieces involved and that, that's where all of this seems to have come together so fast. And I'm with you Elle, like the, the acceleration from whatever instigating event, whether it was Luca coming to the Mavs or otherwise from there to here, I don't understand why that period of time was fast tracked the degree that it was. There's, we still have days left before the deadline. Our friend Mark Stein is reporting Luca Don did not request a trade doing.


And the Maverick doing ma did this on their own accord. So do you think Lu Luca was just home? Like he, he was watching Night Agency two and was the phone rans Nico Harrison, I have some bad news. We've traded you to the Lakers. Like I wonder if he was blindsided by this. I just refuse to believe in this league that is so beholden the players and player relationships that a, that a superstar would be blindsided. He had to have had some idea. Right? Illa No, I'm so confused by this. No, you, you would think, you'd think there would had to have been something what would've motivated them to want to get rid? Like even if we play out, well, you know, he does get hurt.


He doesn't take care of his body. He comes in outta shape. You know, there's all this stuff with him. It's like, dude, okay fine. And he still might be the second best player in the world. Yeah, right. You know, I would, I would have, I actually have like a bit of a line of like yoic, which I don't think is really obtainable at this point for any other player. And then it kind of goes back and forth between Giannis and Luca. And then I do have SGA fourth, you know, even with the numbers, I just think that there's, yeah, there's a slightly different ceiling with some of those guys maybe just 'cause I've seen Luca do it in the playoffs where it's like, there's really nothing to do with that guy. Once he just decides he is gonna drive and go slow and get you on his hip. It it, seriously, I've called it like the best look that you'll get in basketball.


Like if you just sort it all out and go, I need the best look that I feel just the best about as soon as the guy has the ball in his hands. It's that with his passing and his size. So like even if, 'cause somebody will do it, like somebody will do the, well, you know, they were worried about how he was gonna be later on his career. He go, okay, worry about that when he is 30 and you have to worry about the extension because Bob, right, He's not it in his prime yet by by NBA standards, which is in 27, 28. Bobby Marks, you know, points out astutely that he was in line for a massive extension this summer for five years, 345 million. And you know, as I started thinking, okay, but I mean as the cap goes up like that now, now looks like Jalen Brown's deal was the deal where you're like, that's, that's insane.


It's also Jalen Brown and not Luca, but you know, like every year we go through the cycle of deals where you're thinking you're paying 200 million for that guy. And it's like, dude, in two years these guys are beginning three, 350 million. Now Bobby says that he is not gonna be eligible for that now. So that changes up some things. The only thing I was thinking was, you know, I always thought the Cuban ownership thing was really weird. That this is somebody that has enjoyed being an owner in sports more than any person maybe in any sport. This is somebody who nine years ago said, you know, what is it? Pigs get fed and hogs get slaughtered. When he talked about the NFL and granted he was basically pumping up his own product, like going on tv talking about a position you have in a company when you own all their stock.


But he was basically dogging the NFL's future while he was propping up the NBA's future. All right. And that was nine years ago where he was like, it's it's going to happen. It's going and it hasn't happened. Okay, that's fine. But I, is there anything to this that it was, it was still very remember too like, oh yeah, we don't know the team anymore, but we're still gonna run it. Like, oh yeah, right, because that's what billionaires love to do is buy things and let other people make all these decisions. But I Think it was the new owners potentially not wanting to pay the three 50. I don't know. I don't know. I I'm, I'm so shocked by this guys that like, it crossed my mind, could it be any new owner thing where, but apparently people really like, like, think that this group is, they're not gonna screw around with it.


So, you know. Yeah, but hold on, hold of this teams anymore. So three 50, I didn't see, I didn't think he was in like the greatest shape this year. Would you agree Rob? Agree Wouldn't say he was Guys. Hey, who cares? No, I know. Who cares? I'm just trying to figure out from their perspective, they're worried about, Hey, what's going on with this dude? He's, he doesn't seem like the light bulb's going off. He's, we're hearing rumors. Maybe he wants to leave unless we give him the 350 million. Should we do it? With all that said, I'm raising my hand for the people listening. I just would never trade him. Never. I, I I, I just wouldn't like I would trade him for Weby. I would trade him for Yoic. I would trade him for SGA and that's it.


There's no other player unless I'm also getting like five, six first round picks. And when you think this is a league where Mikhail Bridges went for five first rounders, or a couple years ago, KD went for, what was that? Four first rounders, two swaps, Mikhail Bridges and Cam Johnson. This just isn't enough for Luca. And I think that's why like David Aldridge tweeted, he's been covering the NBA 37 years, nothing that happens Deals free agent signings coach hiring fires rises to the level of, as the great Ben Bradley used to call them. Holy shit stories. This is a holy shit trade. I think it's bigger than that. I, the only thing I can think of, what Would that be called? I, I think it's a holy fucking shit trade. Whoa. I, the only thing I can think of is that night when all hell broke loose and Paul, George and Kauai ended up on the Clippers.


But at least then we were on kind of call that week. We knew something was happening. We were waiting to see where was gonna Go. It was week long. We were trying to figure out where Kauai's kids were registered for school. Yeah. We had, yes. Like there was Stuff happening. We were on call. Yeah, we're on call like doctors. This is a Saturday night. The Lakers just played. LeBron looked fantastic against the Knicks. Davis was supposed to come back in a couple days. There was no sign whatsoever. And we all thought Sha Shas got hacked. So as far as, since we've all been working together, it's the most shocking NBA trade. But I I, I'd have to go through history. I can't imagine a bigger one. Well, and and in that case with Paul George and Kauai, like Kauai was on the market. Yeah. So there were the Preco precursors. There's no market for Luca Doni.


I I was under the impression frankly with the way the NBA's been operating over the last five or 10 years, that a player of this caliber would just never be traded again without a demand or a request of some kind on their part. And if, if that really is what happened, that this is entirely preemptive by the mats, granted maybe they are reading the tea leaves about the extension. Maybe they are forecasting and saying, you know, a year and a half from now we're gonna have to deal with this in a way that doesn't look good for us. Every other team in these instances holds on too long and ends up driving down some of the value in a potential trade. The fact that the Mavs jumped the line on that market and still came away with what feels to be such low value for a player of Lucas's caliber.


Why, why were you preempting it? Like why are you getting ahead of yourself in doing something that no other team is willing to do? In part 'cause no other team pretty much has a player as good as Luca. Well, and you're also, Now you have this team that's built around Kyrie who was 2010 draft 2011 draft. So he is in his early thirties. Davis was 2012 draft. He's 31. So you had this older teen that's kind of built to win right now, but it doesn't have the, the long term ceiling I don't think of, of what they had before. So Bobby Marks said Luca was in line for five for 3 45 this summer. He was super max eligible being on the same team that's out the window now. 'cause he got traded.


Yeah. So this actually cost him money. I illa. Can we, can we JI I'm still wrapping my head around this. Can we talk about the Dallas piece of this? Does Dallas think this made their team better? I I don't understand it. I mean, I'm still reading stuff like Shams has another post here that says quote the Maverick's approach to Lakers recently and offered Luca Doni sources tell ESPN Lakers brass met and believe the 25-year-old Dridge has the ability to be the face of the franchise for the next decade while giving Anthony Davis a win Now move in Dallas the best is like the last sentence. Like, hey, say something nice about, something nice about Anthony Davis on the way out here. Right.


I I love the idea that they, they got the call and then we're like, all right, let's let's kick around some thoughts. Yeah. You know, how many, how many opposed, you know, you know, they must have thought that they were getting fucked with when that that call first happens. But yeah, on the Dallas side, you're right. Well don't you think they, if you get that call and you're almost like, am I being pranked? Is my phone tapped? Are they trying to, like they can't, they can't possibly be actually trying to trade Luca Don to us Or what's wrong with them? Like what happened to Luca that Yeah, they would even wanna trade him in the first place. It's like the put when Paul Pierce dropped to 10 in the 98 draft and he hit around like pick six and all the Celtics were like, what happened?


Is he, is he, was he Arrested? Yeah. Do we wanna take him That? Like why is he dropping Celo? How about this? Dave McMan just tweeted LeBron learned of the Davis Stache trade after the next game. He was out to dinner with his family sources close to James told ESPN. He was surprised by the news as processing it and had no idea it was in the works sources said, I actually believe that because I think if any of this even came close to leaking out beyond like the, the immediate people that were involved in it, I think it would've leaked out. That's one of the shocking things about this is that none of this leaked out. No, No. I mean it can happen, but that also I think speaks to the speed of what this was. Because if it, if they had reached out say two weeks ago, I think eventually somebody figures it out.


I would say though, like if Clutch knew because granted Davis is their client in this, they, I don't think that they would've leaked like what would've been the purpose. Like you wouldn't want anyone to even know about any of this stuff because you wouldn't Well They've competition would've LeBron, they tell LeBron and then you don't know what happens if You don. Yeah, but I mean like what if LeBron doesn't want the trade happen? Sure. If you're LeBron it's like, I mean that that's, there's so many pieces to talk about this, but now we have LeBron James and Luca Douch had the same team. Lucas's had the best, I dunno what seven year start to a career that any player has had since LeBron. He's been on all the same and now they're gonna be on the same team. Which is like, like that has only happened a couple times in the history of the league where it's like, hey, wilts now gonna be on the team with Elgin, Baylor and Jerry West.


You know, they like, we just don't have superstar super du star pairings outta nowhere like this. And I honestly don't know how they fit. I think it's a pretty weird fit. The two of them. You Know what though? Like that used to be something I used to always think about when they would say, Chris, Paul and LeBron really wanna play to play with each other. Yeah. And when they were at their peaks, I always thought it was a little stupid. 'cause I just felt like it was redundant. It was taking away what, what both of their greatness was. It was just setting everything up and reading it. And when they were both in their primes, I'm like, why would they actually, I don't even know that. That makes a ton of sense. Now when you watch the Lakers and you think about their best possessions, like they were so good tonight, man. They're spacing and the way LeBron was reading everything.


But a lot of times, like Austin Reeves now post Angelo Russell is tasked with having to figure out a way to set up their offense. 'cause I think he's, he just has the energy to do it. LeBron doesn't have the energy to play point guard the entire time. Yeah. Yeah. And then on the other side of it, as good as Reeves has, Ben, he's the number one hunt target for the other team's best player. And they're trying to get him into every single switch. So it's just an exhausting role for Reeves to have all that stuff. And it was the best version of him based on who they had. But now with Luca, like at this stage at 40 for LeBron, this is great for him. This is, this is fine. Now we could talk about their defense because they were always trying to figure out their defense Lu LeBron and Austin Reeves all at the same time. Three of your five guys and no, no, no ring protection.


Jackson Hayes is still out right now on the East coast. He's like, extension baby Jackson Hayes is like finally, You know what it is though? It it, it kind of, I mean is it worth, is it worth going like, you know, immediately unless there's some more moves. They are kind of a weird team and the Lakers and ownership were like, fuck it, who cares? Yeah, of course they said who cares? Because now we have arguably the second best player in the world at 25 years old. Now you do this every time. We you, you just do it zero questions asked, But it, You don't even, you don't even blink. It could play out for a team that's been playing better. And again, You don't make decisions based on how the teams playing for two weeks, but it could play out that it becomes more of a reset year than a what if we get lucky in the right playoff matchups and next thing you know, we're in the Western conference finals.


Even though I think that that was still unlikely going up against some of these other teams that I like better in the west. I I don't know that we could completely write it off. This is No, this is because they also might have another trade for some, for some sort of room Protection. Well, they need it big. They need somebody, I'll say this, man, I I Don't think that's Valentinos as far as room protect. That's, that's not what you want. No, but maybe it's like a Ro Robert Williams. Well I don't know if he would be able to stay in the court, but it's that kinda level like the 10, $11 million center who can Sure. Stay near the rim. I'll say this, this team would like, I'm just, it's breaking my brain thinking about it. But LeBron, the way he's looked tonight and a couple of the games recently where he's, he's really, really, really, really good and efficient in some of the choices he is making and the way they were spreading the floor for him.


Like he was just annihilated the Knicks night. And then you think about that with Luca and those guys spread out playing off each other with the offense spread. Like it's, well it's not nothing Rob, I'm looking at the Laker odds right now in FanDuel. They have these six best odds now to win the title at 21 to one. So people are wagering on this, Rob, They still need a lot of work in terms of that front court. They, I mean, just as we said, playable bodies, the Christian Kaloko, Jackson Hayes thing, that is, that's not gonna get it done. These are small potatoes problems in the scope of when you bring in Luca Don, I, I ultimately having two supercomputers on the court is just gonna give the Lakers something that literally no other team in the league has.


And the selective deployment of LeBron that we've been talking about where he can now pick his spots at a level that he's never been able to before. And he was someone who played with Prime, Dwayne Wade and so Right. That in itself puts them in such a unique space that is frankly unquantifiable in, in terms of what the title race is. I, I will rule nothing out at this point. Like Lakers exceptionalism clearly is a thing that exists and we need to acknowledge that they can move the pieces around the board in ways that no other team can. There are big markets, Dallas is one of the biggest markets in the league. There are massive markets that operate in their own ways and then there is the Lakers in their own zone of existence making shit like that. This happen on a regular Basis from a hunting the, the weak link on the other team standpoint, this is kind of a nightmare now with, with Luca and LeBron, if they can actually figure it out how to kind of balance that.


And there's, there's always gonna be somebody who like, oh, you're gonna, that's who you're gonna have on him. Oh cool. And if they can figure that they still need some rim protection, I racc Yeah. But we both know like, we don't even need to say it, but maybe we just say it one more time. Like, I think the point is, is even if they feel like they can't fix themselves, none of it matters. No, you still do it, right? Yeah. So s here's the question for you. What else would you have thrown into this trade from the Lakers side before you said yes if you were Dallas, the trade they already made, if you were the Dallas gm, what more would you have had to Get? Nothing. Nothing there would've, there would not have been a trade.


I would've gone to a different team. I would've asked for all their picks. I would've said San Antonio, you're gonna gimme all your picks. You, I'm gonna even just make up some shit. And I'm getting castle and I'm getting cel and you know, I'm getting, I'm getting at least one really good young player that profiles to be a difference maker. Which still, like Sometimes we fall in love with these guys so much that you're like, you can go back. It's kinda like the JJ Hickson Amari sto thing. Yeah. Granted, Amari ended up being hurt a little bit, but it was like, you know, he'd love to caught Amari, but, but you know, we can't put JJ Hickson in the deal and Yeah. You know, it just happens time and time again. And I'll admit even like right now when I think about the Fox Castle stuff, I'll be like, ah man castle, there's something to him. But then, you know, that's where you could start making some mistakes.


So as far as like what would the Lakers need to keep adding For me to say yes if the core of this is Anthony Davis, who last year was fantastic Alright. But it was the first all Star team he had made in three years. Yeah. He played 76 games before that. He played 56, 40, 36, 62 and 56. So it was his first 70 game season since 2018. And as much as we love what he is and he's already got the ring and he was so good last year, you're like, I gotta, I'm, I'm trading for him. I'm trading for Anthony Davis. So if Anthony Davis is the main piece I'm getting back because I guess this, they can argue, hey, we're just different.


But now we're competing and Luca wasn't even playing and we got some bad news and it might take another month and things were getting a little weird. Okay, fine. So I guess you're not resetting it the way we would normally expect a franchise and roster to have to reset on moving on from somebody like this. But it's what's, what's more likely Davis just ages really well the next four years. No, I I I feel like we're at the tail end of the prime with him. Yeah. For me, like if you, if you, if somebody tasked us not knowing this trade was gonna happen, make up, make up a Dallas Lakers trade. Yeah. Reeves would have to be in it. It would've to be Davis and Reeves Or Dalton. I would assume he untouchable Don connect, untouchable the 29 pick and the 31 pick.


I would've wanted swaps and 28 30, I'm sticking you with the worst contract I have on my team. You're taking that too? Like we're going It's the van deal. Yeah, no, it's the van deal Right now. I, I'd have to have all the math in front of me here. Once Davis and the other stuff is included then maybe it doesn't work or whatever. But like vanos I every five minutes, I still can't believe it happened. So Windhorst I guess was on ESPN saying that the CliffNotes are, the Lakers were the only offer that Dallas had in their pocket. He didn't think Dallas could get all they could get from LA and that Dallas was hesitant to offer Luca the Supermax this summer. I have no idea why Dallas was hesitant to offer Luca the Supermax this summer unless they, even if they had some sort of crazy insights to his terrible diet habits, some sort of physical issues that maybe they're only aware of.


I still would offer him the Supermax. He's Luca don, she made the finals last year. No doubt. So I don't, I don't, I I just don't understand. He could've been smoking cigarettes Bill, he could have been smoking cigarettes. Bring the ball up the fucking court And I would still be like, when can we sign you to the supermax? Yeah. By the way, I've heard from multiple teams that I sent texts to in the beginning of this thing. Not one team even thought they were like completely shocked. Yeah, totally off the radar. People did not know that he was even available Now so this is, I'm not right Sequel, but it's like the dentist, it's so much where the budget is way bigger. It's like this is not, this is not little indie high school Anymore or two.


Yeah. This is a big budget. I, as you guys know, I kind of hate the Lakers. This is infuriating. You're Fair though. You're fair about it. Bill, bill Boston fans infuriated how dare they get Luca Dauch? What the fuck? And then what if he gets in like awesome shape in a year and now they're like reset. I, I felt like the Lakers were, you know, they weren't real title contenders. They were just delusional enough to think they could be title contenders and they weren't. They were headed the wrong direction And now this is, this has saved them because Dallas didn't feel like their Luka Douch was worth $340 million over five years in a league where everybody is getting 300 million for five years.


Now If that part is true, this is just gonna go down as one of the biggest self-inflicted wounds in NBA history. Agree. The fact that I agree that that's where they balk, that's where the line is inexplicable shit. I think so. I'm trying to think though. I'm like have you, do you think you'll wake up tomorrow? Bill though, I'm sorry to interrupt you but like when something like this happens where everybody is going, you've gotta be, And I again guys in the that work in the league or texting me going, I can't believe this. Just like we can't believe it. Is there a moment three days from now where you think you'll understand more? There's two things I'm not gonna understand. One, how is this the trade IJ I'm just gonna trust my blink reaction to reading it and thinking it was shams getting hacked because the trade seems so lopsided.


I just couldn't, I was like ah, they fucked that up when they hacked shas. That's one. And then two, how do you not chop 'em? You have this incredible asset. You basically, you have an open house for the best house in your neighborhood and the first person walks in and makes you not like done done. Cancel, cancel everyone else who came in? I'm done. Wait, wait I think we could get more. Nope. Nope. That was the first offer where we got it. I just don't understand that. It's just bad business. But he's not even the house, he's the neighborhood like Right, true. This isn't an asset. Like this is not a tradable player. No it's not. Unless, unless it's for Yoko or One Pajama or SGA even Then you would have to really think about it.


That's how good Luca is. So I guess Tatum's more in tradable than than Luke Overc. It's one of my lessons tonight. I don't think the Celtics do this trade big money for Themselves. Oh man. So Everyone you're hearing from is like we had no idea he was available. Again, I'm not talking to 29 teams here. I'm not that cool to get 29 techs back or I guess I would ask for 28 tech back. But yeah, multiple, multiple teams. What do we got another Tim McMahon. We missed this one. The Mavs had major concerns about moving forward Luka Dridge due to his constant conditioning issues in Lu we commitment of another Supermax contract extensions.


So we're gonna get the now. Yeah, now they tell a story Monday about the war war behind Well the scenes Do. Right. The scenes to keep Luca in shape. That whole thing. Yeah, but we all knew this stuff. Yeah. Like and none of it mattered and they still made the finals and the Western conference finals two years before that. So if you're gonna say like, hey, if he were 32 and available for whatever the most it was and you're trading for 31-year-old ad and you know it's run its course and he's been there a decade plus. Okay fine. Alright. So say all of it. 'cause you're right, it's all going to happen. What's the problem with shopping him? There's nothing that tells me this would be the best deal If you called 28 GMs and said it's real, you have a, you have 48 hours put together your best offer and by the way, you'd leak it.


You'd leak it so that everybody knew that. Everybody knew that it was serious. So that when it's leaked to say a Brian Wynn horse, right. Who he'll probably go, I can't believe this is happening, don't burn me on this. He would have to have the relationship with Nico or somebody with that team. Yeah. You know, that's how this stuff works. And then all of a sudden like Windhorse is getting calls from teams saying, is this serious? Like what do you think they're doing? And then Windhorse is almost like in that position 'cause that's kind of like wo was so powerful, man Woe was so powerful that people be checking in on him going like, what's going on over there in Dallas? And then woe would be telling him the truth. But you would be doing that. You'd be planting that seed so that everybody knew because this guy is now available.


So put in your final bids because we're serious about this. And then you start bidding against things you don't need. You know what I mean? Like when there's those blind bids for Dice game, matza had the mysterious gyro ball. Remember? Like they were blind bids. Yeah. And so you didn't know, you're like, should we offer 15 or 51 million? And you're like, well I, you know, it's, I don't wanna lose this guy. So you're almost bidding against yourself a little bit. So even if all that stuff which is going to come out, the negative Luca, he was all of these things he wanted to get in front of it. You don't wanna get this in front of it. You don't wanna get so in front of it that the rest of the league doesn't know that he's available.


So I mean to me this is like fireable shit. And that's why I wonder like did ownership get involved in some level? But from what I've heard it, it wouldn't make sense. Like who's buying a team now that's scared off from a supermax, especially when it's somebody like this. Rob is shaking his head as violently as if it was the worst season finale of all time on the Prestige TV podcast. And him and Joanne were just like, I just can't believe they did that. I just can't believe it. It's just presumed innocent all over again. My brain is breaking. It was a time machine. The Thing that's really shaking me up and we touched on it earlier is there isn't even the plausible deniability of trading for things that are on a completely different timeline.


Yeah. Like if you were, if you weren't trading for another player in the, in his like ostensible prime and it was all of these picks, all of these swaps, you can at least understand an underlying logic. It's not even swap, it would still be questionable. It would still be questionable. But here you have one pick no swaps. Max Christie. Thank God. You know, you couldn't even get Jalen Hood Shino out of Utah. I ce remember I texted you today about the Utah? Yeah. Yeah. And I was like, this, this set my, so Utah made that weird trade today where they took PJ Tucker's contract and Well they got the clippers Under the tax right. And the Clippers. And it was like, yeah man, this is a weird trade.


And I texted Racc And I said this my shit detector's going off, you do this kind of trade when there's another trade coming. And we were like, oh, I wonder if that's gonna be John Collins and PJ Tucker for Brandon Ingram not realizing it was gonna be Luca fucking Don as the, as the third team. But so I'm trying to think like if they had offered him to San Antonio And I would and the three of us were running San Antonio. Yeah. We would have a two hour meeting and we would basically say, all right, how much, like we could basically give up every single asset we have and if we just end up with Luca and Wendy, we're probably good.


So if they do they want Castle Viel seven first round picks, like, yeah, let's, let's do it. Let's do, oh they want us to take a bad contract. Like whatever I had to do to just get Luca and Weby on the same team, I would've done it. And the Lakers basically got it. It feels like 40 cents in the dollar. 41 cents in the dollar Orilla. I just 41, 42. What, What do we not understand? What do we not understand about this? Dallas is now under the luxury tax. Cool. So that happened. Congrats. Save. According to Bobby Marks there's 628,000 under the luxury tax. What, what would you rob?


You know, some Dallas fans, They, they're not doing well by the way. Not Doing well. Yeah. I was gonna say what, I don't even know what, what would you say to a Dallas fan who thought Luca was gonna be in their life for the next 15 years? There's no consoling a fan of a team like that in a situation like this. And, and, and as we said, there's no precedent to say like, oh look, it worked out okay for this other team and this other star. Right? Like they rebooted, they got things together, Ended up being pretty good. Max Christie could be there, Marcus, Saul, you know, that's really what they're hoping for. And Also he's further along than Mark was. We Should at time say congratulations to, congratulations to Anthony Davis who will be playing with a center. You know Daniel Gafford for now. Derek Lively later you get what you wish for.


Congratulations to Anthony Davis. Yeah. There's no coming back from this. That's input and And I would say the, the polar extremes of a fan base that was able to hold on to Dirk for so long. Yeah. And had all of the hopes in the world that Luca could be that same kind of fixture within the franchise And may maybe that was always a bit of a stretch. Maybe no player in the modern NBA as that kind of thing anymore. But I think they all count on him being around longer than this. And certainly if he did leave there being a little bit more ceremony to it. There're being being a little bit more of a bidding war to it and not just swept out the door in the night for Anthony Davis and a pick and Max Christie. It's one of the biggest mistakes. I feel very comfortable saying this right after the trade.


It's one of the biggest mistakes I can ever remember at NBA franchise making. Whether, how is there not or not a swap. Yeah. How are there no swap every trade now it's like, oh and by the way yeah we get two swaps and you like we set swaps and second Round picks. Never. Yeah. There are swaps. There was a swap in a Houston deal where I was like that's such a stupid swap that it's already set in stone that it's not going to happen. Yeah. But you wanted to be able to say potentially we have this other pick. Because I think it was an in-season deal. It, it may have been the hardened nets thing where the way the math worked on the swap was like, oh we also get like the swap this year. And you're like, you It was the net, it was the Nets Houston one. Yeah. Where it was like, yeah we're gonna swap and we had no Chance and there no way there was, there was no way that was actually gonna be in play that they would wanna swap picks of them but it just sounded better.


Right? Yeah. Because all these trades get reported as like, and potentially up to five trade or five first round picks. How I don't like that part of it was one of the first things where I thought it was hacked. I was like, oh, the guy hacked him and wasn't smart enough to put in like two swaps because this deal would always have a couple swaps in it. So two things. Number one, this is, this is where like I have to go back to things I've written in the past and regurgitate them. The fu factor with Luca now is gonna be unbelievable. And I think he's the wrong guy to challenge with an fu. Yeah. I can't think of somebody in our lives from a basketball standpoint that I'm more excited about to have like a fucking fire lit under his ass now.


Like really you guys traded me. Like what happens if he really takes this seriously was like, all right. And then, you know, I I never felt like from a phys physical diet, the whole thing, it always felt like there was gonna be some year coming. We would joke about it on all of our podcasts. Oh wait till the year when there's the video of Luca in August and he's fucking working out and he is jacked and you know, he is eating, he's eating grilled chicken and beets pickles. Maybe that's gonna happen. That's one. The other one is I is LeBron the next move here? No, because I had somebody that knows things was saying that they do this, they don't give LeBron a a heads up and then the next move is LeBron and the Golden State.


Wow. And they're just basically out of the LeBron and ad business and rebooting. What happens to Brian? I think he's probably in the trade. Yeah. I think he asked the cub LeBron, he had a lefty lay today He is in Santa Cruz. He he got one today. He did, He did. I love still go Ones in the teens again. I love all the announcers Quit If LeBron was like, everybody has to be nice. LeBron has the no trade clause, but what if LeBron's like, all right now I'm next. And and that door was open too. Or maybe he'll be like, this is great. I can't wait to play Luca Duch And then Lako blows up the deal. 'cause he is like, I'm not paying tax on bro's extension.


Yeah bro, Can we stretch Bronny for the next 18 years? What do Elle what do you think about the FU side of the Luca thing Now You Yeah, I mean I think he's already, You could you see a year and three years where he's just in awesome shape and just the clearing war on the league? I would hope so. I mean I just think how much scarier that would be. But I think he's always one of those guys. Yoic has a bit of this where you always think Yoic is spent and it's just the way he carries himself for his 35 to 38 minutes a night. And you know, granted it's been cranked up what he's had to do, especially at the beginning there with all the injuries. But Luca is somebody who forever throughout the game, he constantly looked like he's hurt. He's, you know, he is a bit theatrical with it.


LeBron has been that way for a good chunk of his career. We were like, oh no, is he gonna get up? Is he gonna get up? So maybe, but I I, he's a pretty mad guy. I mean he's, he's probably one of the maddest players and you would want that to translate in some of the off season stuff. And I think there have been times too in Dallas where I'd hear like, okay, we really expect him to kind of come in so pissed off. The problem is like, whatcha gonna do? Like he may, it's not like he's putting up 30 and there're the 11 seed in the west, you know, so whatever his approach is, it's kind of hard to tell him, Hey you need to change this thing. 'cause I know that his, his background is that, you know, is he's just kind of different. Obviously he's very different, his father's different. Like it's a different kind of culture and the way they kind of look at the profession of the whole thing.


I don't know what the LeBron part of it is. I, I wonder Rob like do you think, do you think AD feels like I'm out of this and this is cool or I went to the one team that Clutch wanted me to go to to be paired up with LeBron win the title and now granted you know, the Lakers are just gonna do this no matter what. Yeah. Or you know, is there a part of this where if LeBron's 35 they don't do it because they're worried about the relationship more with LeBron but again then they, maybe they don't take his kid. I'm just kind of thinking about the clutch part of it. If Davis is thinking, hey it's cool, whatever, I've always, you know, Dallas would be one of the five places I'd wanna play.


I have, I don't know if he has any relationship with Kyrie. They're gonna say all the right things And all that kind of stuff Well on So Rob, before you answer that, yeah there was stuff on there about AD and Nico Harrison had a really good relationship and that was one of the reasons Dallas wanted to trade for him. Take that for what you'll The Nico Harrison part of this is fascinating too because he had done a pretty tremendous job overhauling he's been awesome s roster over the last couple years. Like even moves, I was highly skeptical when they traded for Kyrie in the first place. I didn't quite see the vision of that. It was just hit after hit after. I think It's fair. I think it's fair of everybody be like, I don't know that I would wanna trade for him completely at that point. Completely. Yeah. Go ahead. Go ahead And and at this point, if you are ad I I agree that if, if you're a player of his stature at his position that plays the way he does.


If you look around the league, Dallas is a pretty good spot for ad to land. And the compliment of being the return for Luca Don is a pretty strong endorsement of your game in and of itself. What's a little confusing to me as we kind of juxtapose all of the pieces in this deal, not only are the Mavs getting ad they're getting this 2029 pick, but we just said that Luca Don is not only this level of playmaker but this level of fuck you competitor. Are you, you're betting that a Luca Doni Lakers team isn't gonna be that good in 2029. I I think they're gonna be pretty fucking good. Yeah, that's a good point. Yeah. You would almost want the 2031 pick over the 29 pick or just get fucking both of them. 'cause you're trading for Luka Doni. Gimme both picks. What picks do you have?


I'm gonna take all the remaining picks you have. I'm getting a, a slew of texts and they're now moving as we're like 40 minutes after the trade. 45 minutes, two camps are now emerging. The this league fixed it for the Lakers. This is fucking bullshit. You've gotta investigate this. I'm getting those texts. Are you Doing that monologue on Tuesday's Pod? I wanna research it more and maybe talk to, talk to some lawyers and then there's some, there's some clutch and ad and LeBron pushed the Lakers too far and they finally said, fuck it, we've had it. And that was why they didn't give them a heads up any of that stuff. I actually believe that because I think when the, when there was those stories last week about, what was it a week or two weeks ago about we need some help.


It was the self gotta gotta improve the roster. I was in the building That was was already like, are you guys fucking serious? We're doing this again. You're doing that. We've gotta improve the roster. Passive aggressive thing. Your roster's actually pretty good. So I wonder if maybe they're just trying to get out of this business completely. Yeah. And plus they traded for Luca Doner, so of course they're doing that. So they trade for Luca, Don and the Lakers get to be the little guy standing up to big bad Clutch. Yeah. The little $7 billion team standing up to the $15 billion agency. Yeah. By the way, six months after they drafted his son and gave him a two year a hundred million dollar extension. Right. And so like, you know, wow, you guys really told them, you get it Guys.


I knew they could If we wanna compliment them. Do you think Palka at some point, like Nico was like, I need two first. And Palka had the balls to go, nah, I'll give you One. He's like, what about a 2030 swap? He is like, Nope, my offer's my offer, my shitty offer stands. Right. Because the story about when the Celtics did that net deal when it was all of their picks, like it was like a real Christopher Columbus type moment with one of those trades. And I remember I was in Brooklyn for the draft because I was doing the draft for ESPN And I, I, I remember how confused I was at first I was like, so they get this pick, but then they have the right to do this. And the story goes that they were like, Hey, it's Proov. Just keep asking.


Right? They'd agree. And then it's Like back, that's how they got the 17 swap. That's how they got the Tatum pick. Like the last second. They were like, Hey, we want that too. And he's like, oh, That's fine. That sounds good. I'll give you that Some proov right there. Thank, But working on my pro off, I knew it was gonna come at handy. Yeah. So, so Dallas Nico Harrison really values the center position, apparently values conditioning and doesn't value picks in the 2030s. That's what we've learned. I'm just trying to think of how it would've hit me if someone would've told me a week ago, Rob POA is gonna win Executive of the Year and what it would take to get us to that point. But I think it just happened.


I think it just happened. There's one other, oh, Tim McMahon reporting that Luca was pushing 270 pounds. I don't care. Like, I don't give a shit mad 70. Yeah. We're still, can we talk about Hood chao's fit with the jazz? How do you see him playing off of John Collins and Yeah, some of their big, how are he in Sense all gonna play together? Yeah. I just don't want, my guy will Hardy to retire this year if there's another on ball dominant dude while marketing's standing off to the side going, dad, like the number of times I like Keay George, but the number of times I'll see him dribble in and then not get the angle and then be like, all right, let me just reset this.


Like Trey Young watches that film, he's like, dude, you're gonna move this ball a little bit. Right. He'll go in anything granted. Doesn't happen all the time anyway. Nobody wants to jazz breakdown at this point. I I think you wait your whole life to have a player like this, a franchise waits. I agree. You know, you hope to have, you know, there's some teams that are spoiled. Your team Bill, the Lakers are spoiled. Chicago certainly had that one guy. I'm not saying Luca's, MJ or any of that kind of stuff. And LeBron's had some different stops as a more modern version of, of what we're used to in the NBA. But you hope, you know, as, as an owner or a city, you get somebody that makes you think anything is possible if you have the right pieces around you.


Like What happened last year. Yep. Yeah. Right. And you know, the fact that you're, he turns 26, it's just, Yeah. You're talking about somebody who has a chance to go down as one of the 15 best players of all time. We, we haven't seen anything yet that would make me think that's not still in play. And he's hit every sort of statistical benchmark you'd want. He's made the finals already, which is a huge piece of, when you're talking about the greatest guys ever did they actually have a moment where they got to the big stage pretty early in their career. He did that. We know that Players peak 26, 27, 28, he's not even those ages yet. And now he's gonna be playing for the Lakers. He's gonna be a huge star.


He is gonna love it here. He's gonna be a big celebrity in a city of celebrities and he's playing for, you know, this is the most famous franchise that we have in the NBA has been the most successful. 'cause the Celtics have won a couple more titles. I don't count the Minnesota ones, but this is the most famous franchise in the NBA. It is. They've been the most famous franchise for 60 years. Of course celebrity fans, they keep winning. They're relevant every single decade. And they pulled it off again. I just can't believe it. How many is this? So it's Will, it's Kareem, it's Shaq. Yep, it's LeBron, it's Luca. Am I missing anybody that's kind Of that Mount Ru Wil. Well, and they luck out with the magic trade. Yeah, that was ridiculous. But yeah, SHA It's a trade.


But he's I'm I'm saying like the Saul. Yeah, yeah, Kobe. But like 12 teams passed on Kobe. But then especially like I'm talking about like Acquisition. Yeah. Player acquisitions gal is a big one. And then Davis is the last one. So it's, they have, so, you Know, so say that again. So it's Wil, it's Kareem, it's Shaq, it's gal, it's LeBron, it's Davis and it's Luca. Yeah. Just players. They didn't draft that up. Who just showed sucked into their franchise. Yeah. Because people love living in Los Angeles, including me and Celo.


All right. No one traded for me. So just one, one. The only thing we didn't really cover is a Lakers team that will have Rui, hacha, LeBron James we think, unless he's the next piece of this. Austin Reeves, Jackson, Hayes, Finney Smith, Vanderbilt, Gabe Vincent Connect, and Luca, when he comes back And I assume they'll trade for some sort of big rub. Yeah. And, And I think Don't wanna see that team in a playoff series. Sorry, I don't, I don't care who is on Luca's team. I wouldn't wanna play against him in a playoff series. And, and this is part of this formula too, is not only is Luca one of the best players in the world, he's uniquely capable of lifting up minimum salary guys, mid salary guys, all the players that are gonna be essential in a, in a apron luxury like luxury era.


Yeah, luxury tax era. He's the the player that makes those pieces work, that makes a Christian collo viable. Right. That will make Jackson Hayes viable. That will allow you to find like who he broadens the range of the supporting talent you can put around him to make it make sense. And so yeah, if it's LeBron and Luca and Rui and Austin Reeves and whoever you can butchers around that it's gonna be competitive. It's gonna be formidable because Luca Doni is a part of it And it's, I would say one of the biggest gambles in the history of the league, the Mavericks who basically seemed like they just wanted to get outta the Luca Doni business, which was frightening enough a decision to make. But then on top of it, to not shop him. I think it's gonna be something that if it works out the way, I think the three of us might think it's gonna work out that we'll be talking about for the rest of the time we talk about basketball.


It's like, remember when the Mavericks did that? Remember when they just didn't shop Luca at all and they, they traded him for 28 cents in the dollar. It's an amazing trade. I think we hit everything. Anything else Priscilla? Yeah, I just wanna follow up Rob's point though a little bit on like what's possible around it, you know, long term and how he raises your floor so much. I always think there's these conference finals runs with teams that are really fluky can actually cause more damage to the team in believing there's something that they're not. And maybe a couple years ago you could have made that case for Dallas, but they turned the team over, they were better. They make it to the NBA finals. And we know it's primarily because of Luca, but if you look at like that team that played against the Warriors and lost in five games a couple years ago, like look at the shot attempts.


Luca took 118, here are the next shot attempt leaders. Jalen Brunson who was not even close to like, I can't even say half formed, like not even fully formed. Jalen Brunson, din Witty, Dorian Finney Smith, Reggie Bullock, maxi Cle, Burtons, like those are the guys taking shots against the Warriors and that's the team that he had in the Western conference finals. So I'm totally with you on how he raises it, but I do wonder how much of it is kind of like feeling each other out knowing that you kind of have to stay glued to your spot for Luca on those drives because he's gonna make the pass to the last possible second. I mean that's stuff that basketball players can figure out pretty quickly. Like, don't reset and move from your spot because he's gonna find you.


But defensively, yeah, I mean there's still, there are, this is a, no one's gonna sit here and go like, oh, I don't like him. Now, defensively in the playoffs, that's not what this is about is you have a face of the franchise that's this special for the next seven years probably. 'cause hell, as much as we could worry about his conditioning if he's this good already, Right? He, he's Already played at, at the body type of the guy that ages later on. So I can't believe it. I I can't. And I, I Just, I know I've already said it a million times, I don't know how you run a basketball team and you don't let the world know that he's available. And then for the Lakers, when you're looking at the tail end of this LeBron thing, God only knows how many more years he's gonna play.


But when you think you gotta keep the building filled, you got the most expensive seats in the league, you got all those suites and it's like, well what are we gonna at? Are gonna, people be coming to see Anthony Davis and Austin Reeves and Now you have Luca who, other than Tani is now the biggest and, and LeBron obviously, but LeBron's on, on, on the tail end. But Now you have Luca who has a chance to be the biggest star in the city and your other option was Austin Reeves. Rob seems kind of like sneaky, devastated. You just know too many Dallas Mavericks fans. You just, there be a lot of hugs in your future, a lot of like zooms where you're just telling people it's okay. A Lot of just nodding acknowledgement with people who are in deep existential pain and you just have to be there for them in the way that you can, you have to listen, you have to, you have to feel everything that they're feeling.


I honestly, for everything that Dallas is going through, I am in utter disbelief of exactly what you just laid out, which is the expedience of the Lakers reset. I just, I, I had taken it into account that whenever the LeBron era or the ad era or the combined era coasted out, it would take a couple years, at least right before they could find their next shack. Their next Kareem know they're gonna do it. Yeah, maybe, maybe this would be the one time where it would actually take a significant window before the next superstar walked in the door. We really didn't even have to wait. The era didn't even end. Like this is the smoothest transition of power that we've seen in recent NBA history. It is jarring on every possible basketball level and an inexplicable trade for Dallas.


And it just doesn't get better than this if you're the Lakers, it really doesn't. I mean, think about it, they, it is six year playoff trial before they won it. Right. One other thing I was thinking, I was just thinking back to my pyramid, like the best guys ever, all some of them got traded, right? Like LeBron Switch teams, Kareem got traded, wilt got traded a couple times. Moses, Moses got traded but really signed with Philly and then they traded him. Durant changed teams. You go through the top 20 kg got traded, but he decided where he was going. If you go through the top 25 players ever, none of them were blindsided by being traded. This is the first time somebody, at least who has like top 25, top 30 all time talent.


I'm going through like Barley, cozy, I guess Barkley. But Barkley knew he was gonna get traded that summer. Kawhi Leonard was demanding a trade that whole summer. Like this is the first time we've seen somebody with that kind of talent just been like, Hey dude, you're outta here. Here's, here's the number of the new gm call him. He'll tell you how to get your stuff. Like this is just an unconscionable trade. I think it's a massive mistake And I think it's an amazing day for the Lakers And I refuse to congratulate them. I can't believe this happened again. How does this happen? The Pau trade in this, how does this happen where there were no other bidders for a guy that nine teams wanted The, the Powell one's easy to explain.


Is it incompetence? Yeah, yeah, Yeah, there's, there was a lot of, I just remember the conversations at the time. You're like, oh, okay, Yeah, that seems to make sense. So two weeks ahead, I'm worried about Bill because you're gonna have access to these people in your life that are gonna start hammering kind of like the Chiefs get too many call stuff. The Conspiracy Stuff. Yeah. It's gonna get me browed up. You're right. I gotta be careful, right? Just be careful because I'm worried about your next episode and if co guitar signs an extension with the Kings, then you're gonna be like, oh wait, this was all countrymen. They were all Oh yeah, wow. All in it together. This like a big savian thing. Jesus. Yeah. I didn't even think of that. Thank you.


To thank you to Nephew Kay, who I, I I don't think was a hundred percent sober tonight, but it's fine. I think he was functional enough to produce the pod. That's why more than functional, that why he's a pro. Listen, it was the day off for all of us. Thank God my wife is doing dry February. I'd like to thank her that I wasn't drinking wine tonight, that I was able to do the podcast. Thanks to Rob Mahoney and Ryan Celo on very short notice and I can't wait to find out more about why that fuck this trade happened. You could listen or you could watch this podcast too on the Bill Simmons YouTube channel. Guys, thank you. I really appreciate it. Thanks Bill.


Must be 21 plus in President select states for Kansas and affiliation with Kansas Star Casino or 18 plus in President DC. Gambling problem. Call 100 gambler. Visit rg help.com. Call 1 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org/chat in Connecticut. Or visit md gambling help.org in Maryland. Hope is here. Visit gambling helpline ma.org or call 803 2 7 50 50 for twenty four seven. Support Massachusetts, or call 1 8 7 7 8 Hope ny. Or Text HOPE NY in New York.