
It's The Bill Simmons Podcast presented by a FanDuel, the NBA season hitting full stride. Don't miss your chance to win some money with America's number one sports book. I mean post-trade deadline. We had one of the craziest trade deadlines we've ever had in the history of the league. We have Fox on San Antonio, Luca on the Lakers, Kuzma on the bucks. Kidding? The Cavs got better. So you have a chance to get all these new look teams and maybe just ride Luca and his point over in the Lakers to win as a parlay over and over again as he gets vengeance on the Mavericks bet. On fun markets like Live Quarter player pops and parlays. Enjoy our new NBA player prop pages. The app is safe and secure and easy to use, and when you win, you'll get paid instantly. So download the app today. Bet with FanDuel an official partner of the NBA. The Ringer is committed to responsible gaming. Please visit rg help.com to learn more about the resources and helplines available. And listen to the in episode for additional details. Must be 21 plus in President Select states Game Pro called 100 Gambler. Visit rg help.com.


Hey, if you missed it, we launched a brand new podcast on The Ringer Podcast Network in Spotify. It is called Good Hang with Amy Poer. First episode is dropping fairly soon, within the next couple days. You can follow it on Spotify video podcast too.


This episode is brought to you by State Farm. State Farm helps you score an affordable price when you choose to bundle home and auto insurance with the personal price plan Bundling home and auto. That's a pro move. Just another way you can save on your insurance needs. Talk to a State Farm agent today to learn how you can bundle and save with the personal price plan Like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Prices are based on rating plans that vary by state coverage. Options are selected by the customer availability. Amount of discounts and savings and eligibility vary by state.


The Bill Simmons Podcast is brought to you by The Ringer Podcast Network. We put up a new re watchable on Monday. We did the Blues Brothers in honor of SNL 50. You can watch on The Ringer Movies YouTube channel as well. You can watch a lot of the videos and clips from this podcast and the Bill Simmons YouTube channel. This is a big episode for us because this is our first video episode of The Bill Simmons Podcast on Spotify. Every episode from now on will be a video episode on Spotify. You can put it in your phone, you can just listen to it. You can pull your phone out, you can watch it. You can go on your smart tv, your PS five, your Roku, your Apple tv, wherever you wanna wanna get it, watch it on the Spotify app.


Whatever you wanna do, knock yourself out. We are a video podcast from now on. I've had this podcast since 2007, so year 18. It's basically now I guess, a TV show. A very low budget TV show, as you could see with my hastily put together posters behind me. This podcast, really fun episode. Brian Curtis talking Super Bowl. Luca Trade Day 10, still going. And then Matt Bella talking SNL 50, the Oscars Lively versus Baldoni most famous celebrity right now. Lot of good stuff. It's all next first. We couldn't lose them on the video podcast. Our friends from Proja.


All right, editor at large of The Ringer. Brian Curtis is here. We're recording on a Tuesday morning action packed. A lot of Brian's interests are in play and we're gonna talk about the Mavericks and one of the craziest NBA situations in a long time. But we'll start quickly with the Super Bowl. Hey, news flash. The Cowboys didn't win another Super Bowl. What it's been, what been over, over three decades since the last time we did have the Eagles. When we had the end of Mahomes, we had a lot of takes. Sal And I were doing stuff on Sunday night about Mahomes getting kicked off Goat Island. What was the media reaction yesterday? What jumped out to you? What did you enjoy? Well, I think we had a little bit of a Chiefs take crisis with the Super Bowl before the game we did.


Did you see all the people trying to make the Chiefs into villains? Like the Pats? Oh, like the nineties Yankees. Yeah. And it, they're not villains, they're just not, they're not hated on that scale yet, I don't believe. And people try to, you know, oh, we we're, we're tired of them. We're pissed off at Taylor Swift. The refs are in their pocket. Yeah. And they were just trying to get us there that we all hated the Chiefs and were rooting against them. But I don't actually believe that was the case. I think we might be a little tired of them being good. We might've been kind of annoyed at the way they won games this year, but I don't think they're hated at all. And then my favorite bill was, you got to wait, wait, hold on on that though. Who was, who was the best, who was central casting for Best villain?


Was it just Duke basketball in the nineties who was just the easiest to put right in there? Yeah, that's because even the Yankees, like I hated the Yankees, but I was like, all right, Jeter, I kind of like, he seems like a nice guy. You know, there were, there was, it was more the fan base than the team itself. Duke basketball seemed like that was the easiest one. Duke was at the top of the scale. The Yankees had the thing where they were outspending everybody and kind of everybody thought they were ruining baseball. So I That's a good, that piece was mixed in there. Yeah. Yeah. When you're ruining stuff, that's always a good one. I'm trying to think who else. Like the Pats, because of the Spygate, I felt like that in the, the first three Super Bowls, people were like, all right, enough with these guys. But it was a little like the Chiefs thing. But then when Spygate happened, then they became criminals basically.


And then it moved it to another level. And then they had a Hateable coach, which is another thing the chiefs lacked. Like, people don't hate Andy Reid. No, they just don't. Bell Belichick was, was Hateable probably still is hateable in his own way, even as He's tried to rehabilitate his image all year. But I think with the chief, people are just like, ah, okay. You Know, dad, the Taylor Swift thing lot, a lot of Kelsey, a lot of both Kelsey's, Lot of commercials. They, they were moving a little bit toward the Trump side of stuff, which I think got a couple people ruffled up. But for the most part, I don't know, I I, my, my biggest issue with them was they made it so unfun to talk about the Super Bowl, which we talked about on Sunday night, where it's just like, if you pick 'em, you kind of feel, you just say, well, Andy Reed Mahome, you had no other reason and if you didn't pick them, you felt like an idiot.


So it was, I think, the worst Super Bowl to talk about since I've been doing this. I think so. But I, like you talk myself into the Chiefs are gonna win it. Right? It be a close game. Hey, that was the first time I ever got slaughtered on a Super Bowl and didn't feel bad really at all. I was like, what are, what are you gonna do? You can't go against some game. What was the other thing you were gonna say about the villain thing? Well, I was just saying like by once the villain thing kind of didn't work out that you heard this amazing take on ESPN and elsewhere. People said, don't be tired of the Chiefs appreciate greatness when it's in front of you. Yeah. And I was like, what a counterintuitive take. You should appreciate a great football team. Whoa, whoa.


Good tag. Go settle down guys. What was it like as a TV viewer for the Brady Mahomes experience? Brady announcing the game where Mahomes is Goat Resume got knocked backwards by about four years. So it was a little bit weird, right? First of all, Brady actually got to go to the meetings this week. And apparently I was told there was a scene in one of the meetings where he and Mahomes were just sitting off by themselves talking, oh. And people in the meeting Fox producer was like, look at that. I mean, that's kind of awesome. These two dudes just talking football. Yeah. It was just one of those moments where you're like, whoa, goat Plus Goat, well almost goat talking to each other about football, but then it gets to the game and Mahomes just sucks.


At the beginning of the game. He was terrible. You, you nailed this on Sunday night. So Brady, I thought, never got to talk about Mahomes greatness in an interesting way. And at the same time he kind of made a mistake because he didn't really kill Mahomes. He was talking how good the Eagles defense was. Well, And that's where Romo, or probably Romo, but I think Aikman would've been the best 'cause Aikman just doesn't give a shit anymore. Aikman I think probably would've been the hardest on him, right? I think so. But you know what? One thing you could tell with Brady this year, and this is kind of one of the most fascinating subplots of Brady announcer experiment, was you could tell what quarterbacks he liked and what quarterbacks he didn't and what quarterbacks he thought didn't measure up.


Jalen Hurts, by the way, was in the second category. Yeah. Every Jalen Hurts game. He would say, Jalen Hurts is better when he gets the ball out of his hands quickly. Yep. And he would get mad when he, when he held it too long and got sacked or had to run out, throw it out of bounds, Brady would be exasperated. Which is a nice way of saying he's pretty limited, right? Yeah. Like he can do certain things but he can't do other things. Well, what happens during the Super Bowl, Jalen Hertz kind of balls out, he plays better than Patrick Mahomes. So you could feel Brady really processing that. Yeah. In real time. And he sort of got, well, he has a great instinct on when to leave the pocket. 'cause he was beating all those rushes and blitzes right by running and he kind of got himself there and he gave Hertz as due.


I don't wanna say he didn't do that, but that was just funny to hear in real time. Yeah. And it seems like after 48 hours, the the second level analysis stuff is, whoa, the Eagles actually like go the 2000 Ravens and the some of the other great Super Bowl teams, let's, where do they go? Where do they rank ahead of them? And then it feels like people are kind of test driving some mahome stuff. And even people in my life where it's like, eh, are we sure? Are we sure? Are we Like, just because they pulled out all these close games? Like why, why don't they have explosive plays anymore? The guy's about to hit 30. Could you say he peaked a couple years ago just as an explosive, awesome quarterback.


Like there's always all these excuses around him. Are we sure? Which I remember hit Brady in the late two thousands too. We had, there was some, are we Sure stuff? So I don't think anyone feels really committed to anything. The biggest thing that shocked me, And I, I feel like I say this every year and it, it feels like it's even, it just speeds up by probably an hour every year. But going back, we both loved, like Sports Illustrated in the eighties, the Super Bowl would happen, people would talk about, it would be on Sports Center for four straight days and then the Sports Illustrated would come out on Thursday with like the final statement of the game. And then that started to shrink as the internet came. And it's kept shrinking. It kept shrinking. But even like when I was at ESP and Sal And I used to do like Monday afternoon recap of the Super Bowl, then that became Monday mornings, then eventually we're just going immediately as fast as we could after the game.


And now it feels like the shelf life to discuss the Super Bowl is 18 hours. Is it, is it longer than that? Like, does anyone, even us leading the podcast with this today, I wanna do it. 'cause I love talking about all the, all the ancillary stuff with you. But it's like, is it too late? Is it too late to talk about the Super Bowl on a Tuesday morning? I, I totally agree. I watched the Late Sports Center on Sunday night after I was, I think right before I listened to you. And at that moment I was kind of like, am I done with the Super Bowl? Is this it? Yeah. Yeah. Like we had a pod to do the next day, but I was like, have I consumed everything I'm gonna consume about the Eagles beating the Chiefs? Right. And the answer's almost yes.


I think I had because I mean, here's the other part of that. You just consume so much now. I mean, you had to wait till Thursday with that si thing to get all the details and you know, what was Vic Fangio like in the locker room afterwards? I mean, Sheel wrote that, you know, for us right away. Right? So in a way it was just all kind of there for us and we don't really need to wait. And there's no, like nobody's, nobody's parachuting in on like Monday at 3:00 PM with this amazing angle that nobody's thought of. You kind of know what all the angles are gonna be by, you know, 10:00 PM on Sunday night pt. I think the one exception was, remember that year Peter King went and hung out with Tom Brady and Giselle and was it Montana up in the cabin like week later, Right?


It feels so old school now. But like, yeah, we're with Brady and he's reflecting on the game and giving me like an hour. That was that that even that I don't think you would do anymore. I actually felt like the halftime show and the Kendrick Drake stuff and how polarized and that show ended up being almost became more of a theme on Monday. At least in, in on my text threads and the stuff I was reading. It was more interesting to read how people were receiving stuff. The hidden meanings behind some of the stuff Kendrick did on the, on the halftime and Serena being in it. That one had these levels that kept getting revealed. That used to be how the Super Bowl Operated. Totally. Because what player are we talking about in the Super Bowl?


You know, nothing from the second half. Yeah. You know, maybe that Mahomes picked six, which effectively ended the game in retrospect. By the way you mentioned the Mahomes takes, I want to go there with you. Yeah. 'cause it feels like Mahomes will work himself into a Nobody Believes in Me News Cycle. Yeah. Because just enough doubt. Even if it's bullshit. Just enough doubt. And also Bill Jalen Hurts. Think about this. What were people talking about Sunday night, Monday morning? The Eagles defense. This was a win for the Eagles defense. So Oh yeah. Jalen hurts both win the Super Bowl MVP and pull off the unprecedented double play of being a nobody believed in Me Guy.


Has that ever happened before? Probably, probably Brady, somewhere in the first three Super Bowls where it was all Belichick and all the defense and, and Brady was kind of the supporting character in a lot of ways. Sure. I think would be the only other time I can remember that happening was Facilitator. He was so good. He, he so good. He was, I mean, they basically put the game in his hands and dared him to beat them. And, and he did I with the Mahome stuff, there's a couple fun wrinkles that could come out. He could go the, you know, the NBA player route. Like if this was LeBron in the Mahome spot, we'd already be getting the leaks about he needs more help.


They, they didn't find him anyone this year when Rashe Rice went out, they could have done this, that and the other thing. They knew Kelsey was getting old. They've gotta do more. He took less money. It would be, they'd basically make him a victim. And I thought you gonna say he was wire was secretly injured when you said LeBron. I thought I had a secret injury. Oh, that would, That would be another one too. Yeah, he had, he had like a quad injury. He couldn't push off his right foot. Yeah, they would be, they'd be doing all that stuff. But it, it kind of doesn't seem like Mahomes, not only does he not do that stuff, but he always seems at peace win or lose after the game. Right. I I, we never see that stuff about, oh, this year Patrick Mahomes is different. He's just, he's pretty, pretty even keeled, which I think you have to be as a quarterback.


The interesting thing to me, which we talked about Sunday night was, I, I really do think Kelsey was gonna retire if they won. And that Kelsey will he or will he not retire, I think will be fun. But just in general, like it's really hard to keep these windows open. You know, with, with NFL teams, we went through it with the Patriots a few different times. It all depends on the drafts. And people wrote some good pieces about, you know, they missed on their left tackle pick this year. You know, Rishi Rice, which would've been this awesome wide receiver pick for 'em, they mi and so you can just tilt it a little bit or all of a sudden you're catchable. And I think that was the thing that changed the most coming out of this season was like the Chiefs not only feel super catchable now, we don't have to do the thing where we just hand them the game when we're talking about it now.


It's like football has opened up for analysis. So I'm excited for that from a, from a Super Bowl standpoint, the Brady Fox thing at the end, $375 million, whatever it is, they certainly got a lot of ink and publicity and podcast content. He was able to go on some of the Fox shows. He had a couple decent moments, like in traditional podcast interview stuff. I don't think from a game thing, I wouldn't even put him in the top eight game guys. I heard he's got this weird Vegas minority stake and he's allegedly hiring the coach and he is involved in their draft. Like is there a chance just this, just this is it, this is a one and done? I Don't think so.


I don't think, I don't think he sees it like that. I mean that's for me poking around. He's, I think he's, he's into this, I mean, first of all, the NFL doesn't care about the Vegas thing, you know, other than the meetings. Yeah. And, and by the way, let's see where we are in year two with the meetings because I'm not convinced that might, that wouldn't change in year two. I think there's, there's a pot there's potential for that to, to be switched up by Goodell and everything after they've gone through the one year of this with him Limited. Yeah. But if you're him, you're getting $37.5 million to work for six months. Work hard for six months, but work for six months. The NFL has said, we don't care if you're a minority owner of the Raiders. It doesn't matter. Yeah. I got to ask him on Super Bowl week what his role with the Raiders was.


And he didn't tell me and he didn't provide any detail about that. So I was like, okay. So he's not gonna tell us, at least for now about what he's doing with the Raiders. Doesn't have to come clean about it. I mean, seems like a pretty good deal to me. I have been told pretty explicitly, it's too much money. There's no way he walks away. Yeah. It's too much money. And it, this is one, one thing I I think people forget with the, like the super duper famous celebrities, it's expensive to be a super duper famous celebrity because he, everywhere you go, you're paying for like some private jet. You, you know, in his case he got divorced. Like it's as much money as he is made. He still needs way more money to sustain the lifestyle.


He does. And this is a $37.5 million check every year. He's not giving it up if he doesn't have to. It's not that hard of a job. It's 22 weeks. You study one game, you fly to the site. Like I, it's, you know, you have to keep in touch with the league a little bit, but not really. The stunning thing to me is Belichick. I I, you know, this is not a midlife crisis 'cause he is in his mid seventies, but even he was at Super Bowl, you know, he was at a couple parties. He was walking around with his girlfriend. We saw him at the fanatics party on Saturday. It's just surreal. This guy who was wearing this, you know, saggy hoodie on the sidelines who just could care less what anyone thought. Now he is in the Dunking Donuts commercial with the girlfriend and this girlfriend's five years older than my daughter.


It's, there was a lot of like, what the fuck is going on with this guy's stuff in New Orleans over the weekend? And he was wearing all the rings And wearing all the rings, which he never, that kind of thing he just never used to do. Just as if to remind the NFLI won all these rings and you didn't hire me again. Right. I, I'm really starting to wonder, I'm, I'm, this is a working theory, I'm not done with it yet, but like 75 and up are just all bets off. It's just like literally are all bets off or talk about owners. We, because in sports as fans, we have to deal with so many, so many old people. And we, we all have old people in our family. You could see what happens as they hit their seventies, then their eighties and the judgment just gets a little, little nuts.


And I just wonder with Belichick, like, I, I just, I can't believe some of this. I really find it hard to believe he's coached North Carolina too. I get it. I understand why he did it. He didn't wanna deal with owners anymore. He get, he just wants to be a coach, all that stuff. But yet at the same time he's seems like the celebrity aspect of this has become really appealing to him, which I never in a million years would've guessed. It's interesting to watch that 'cause Nick Saban's kind of done the same thing in the college level, right? And there's another guy who're like, why would he care about this? But you know what, you go on those podcasts, you go on the TV shows, go on the Manning cast, everybody butters you up. You know? How many times did Bill Belichick get buttered up by media people when he was with the Pat's last few? He didn't wanna never dealt with them and then never talked to him.


Really strange relationship with his owner and just kind of kept his little, he's just basically in a cave just, you know, going through film. Yeah, it's, it's like the e espn car wash except it's, you know, not interviewing you. It's just telling you how great you are all The time. Really strange. I it was the whole thing. I I thought that was the weirdest subplot of the weekend. Then the funny, other funny thing that I immediately thought of you, we always call it the Friday news dump. What the Sixers did with the Joel and beat information that they held and held and held and pushed out. Oh my God. Right After the Eagles won the Super Bowl, I, it was, I, I don't even, what do we call? This is a new level of news.


Dump the Super Bowl title. Oh, We didn't wanna bum out our city. This was our only chance to put this out. News dump. What Is that? Yes, we clogged the toilet so much. We, the toilet wasn't fixable, we just had to throw it away. We had to put it on the curb. Yeah. Why is there yellow tape in a door locked in the the guest bathroom? Don't go in there. It was so great. Yeah, I, that unprecedented. The best news dump I think ever. I, I never ever remember a team pulling that off better. They this crazy and beat article where it's like, yeah, I'm probably never gonna be healthy again. I might need surgery. I shouldn't have played the Olympics. It turns out all that like, it's like, oh my, if they put that out on a Tuesday, it would've been like a 36 hour story and instead it just kind of came and went and 10 seconds.


Totally. Even during Super Bowl week, that would've been huge for a day, right? It would've, it would've distracted us all. What's your, what's your favorite news dump ever? My God, I think that might've been mine. It's a really good one. Okay. You're gonna have to gimme a minute on that one. But that's a good one. All. So it's gotta Answer that on press box on Thursday. Do your top five news dumps on the on the press box pod. I remember last year when they had all the amazing political stories and you know, American stories. There was this thing on Twitter. It's like, if you have anything, now's the time. Send the press release. Right? Just put it out. No, no one will notice. I remember when I was working on my HBO show and we were doing like the test shows and it was like three weeks before the show launched.


And the guy who hired me to do the show, Michael Lombardo, and he was a huge advocate and like three weeks before it was like Friday afternoon, like three 15 in the afternoon and all of a sudden the stuff was out that he was out at HBO and it was like, it was the only time I'd ever like really experienced the Friday News Dub. It was so like, perfectly calculated to just kind of sneak into the weekend with it. I was like, oh, this is how you do it. Yeah, this is it. Because there's any other day or moment, this would've been the biggest Hollywood story. And they were like, this is happening right here. It still happens. We're gonna take a break and then we'll come back and we gotta talk about this incredible maverick situation.


This episode is brought to by Michelob Ultra. Things have heated up in the NBA and that is an understatement. What is this Dallas team gonna look like? What is it gonna look like if Luca and LeBron are playing together? Can the Lakers have a chance to win a title? We don't even know what the rest of the trade guideline holds for us yet. There's a lot to see. It'll be better if you can watch it in person. Luckily for you. That's where Michelob Ultra Courtside comes in. Getting fans closer to the action with a chance to win courtside tickets, sign merch and much more. Enter for your chance to win at michelob ultra.com/courtside. Michel Ultra's superior access Quartzside 2024 to 2025 sweepstakes no purchase necessary open to US residents. 21 or older begins on October 1st, 2024 ends on July 1st, 2025, multiple entry periods. Visit michelob ultra.com/superior access slash courtside for free. Entry. Entry. Deadlines and official rules, message and data rates may apply void. Where prohibited.


This episode is brought to you by vrbo. Private Vacation Rentals with vrbo, you always get the whole house so you and your fellow fans can cheer on your team in peace. What's worse than watching a game with somebody who's not rooting for the same team? You're rooting for nothing. But that's why if you book a vacation house with vrbo, you know all the people in your house, They'll be friends, they'll be family. Ideally, they'll be the ones who also root for my teams. Plan a winning vacation. Make it a vrbo.


All right, so Curtis, you're from Texas. You're a lifelong Cowboys fan. You're a a lifelong Mavericks fan. Maybe not as much, but a a, a student of the Mavericks that've been in your life. It's been a rocky road. There's been a lot of ups and downs. Everything peaked in 2011 with Dirk Deitz and probably winning the title Beating, beating Wade and LeBron and Bosch. Then it got weird over the course of the decade. They miraculously end up with Luca DCI Cuban sells the team last year. They just seem like if you're picking six franchises you wanna be for the next 10 years, they would've been one of the six. 'cause they had Luca outta nowhere. They trade 'em in the most shocking, craziest trade in the history of the NBA.


And just when you think, all right, maybe this will settle down. It just hasn't. It just keeps go going up a level and up a level and up a level. What, just your big picture watching this from afar. Holy shit. What is your take? I feel like quoting that notorious Darren Revelle tweet, this is terrible for Dallas, but this is tremendous content because you recognize the pain. And I have never seen Dallas people this emotionally gutted Wait, so even like cowboys, super Bowl losses, nothing. Well, so, okay, so maybe not gutted, but just angry. Like, there've been a lot of angry Jerry moments over the last 30 years. I was in middle school when they fired Tom Landry.


I was in high school when Jimmy Johnson got axed by Jerry. I remember those were just crazy citywide moments of like, what the hell just happened? But I've never seen the anger like I've seen over the last weekend change. Just pissed off. I mean like visiting even with Dallas Sports Radio guys. And by the way, Monday was one of the last Monday, one of the all time sports radio days in Dallas history and probably American history when they were coming back and doing their shows. Oh, that The morning and through the afternoon first time. Yeah. Because you Getting your first time to talk about it. Yeah. And I was like, you know, even going up to them. Wow, what a day. Huh? And they just look like gutted. I mean, you know, because everything changes.


You know, this, this guy, you loved this person. You were close to the fact that it was done by Nico Harrison and Patrick Dumont. We'll probably get into here in a second. Yeah. And the way it was done and for what they got, I mean, every piece of it is just absolutely infuriating and gutting. Whoa. And then this next level, what happened at the home game yesterday where people are getting booed and they're removing fans? Which Removing did you See the guy fans for not, not doing anything that bad. They're just like being fans. Like they, like I, I've never seen people get pulled outta the arena for the stuff that they got pulled out of last night. Have you? Yeah. Did you see the one guy? Right. So they're doing Mavs karaoke.


Yeah. And they come in real close, like a closeup on 'em and he says, fire Nico. And then the camera goes whoop. Right. And then the next, it's almost like he flashed, like he pulled it out out of a Zipper. Absolutely. Yeah. And then they just got, they, they were just dumping fans, which is, that's the worst thing you could do. Like it's not only did they do this crazy trade, but they don't seem to understand like h how angry it's made people. And they don't really seem that interested in quelling the anger mean. It's like they're taking gasoline and pouring it on the fire. You get escorted out of the arena for saying Fire Nico for saying fire the gm. Are they gonna escort the sports writers out of Press Rowe, who wrote the same thing?


I mean, why, why is that not a valid opinion? Well, the other weird thing, and this kind of speaks to the incompetence behind the trade, how do they not anticipate any of this? Like they, they're in Dallas, like Nico Harrison has been involved with the Mavericks longer than the owner, but he's there. He sees how popular Luca is. You go to any Mavericks game, it's Luca jerseys everywhere. I mean, I would say it's a top four fans wearing the jersey of the best player NBA city. It's just, it's just everywhere. And, and little kids everywhere. 77, just everywhere. There was a couple when I, when I was gonna the finals, there was a couple Dirks, a couple old school Mav stuff. But for the most part it's just Luca.


It's like, it's like a fucking Luca army. This was their guy. They've had him since he was 18. They thought they were gonna have him until he was 40. So to not anticipate that part of it is like, man, I, I really think this makes us slightly better, but my life is gonna suck for the rest of the time I live here. Just that alone. And then you have plink on the other end going, yeah, we gotta keep this quiet. Nobody can find out. 'cause he knows the moment it leaks out, the Mavs fans are gonna basically riot. Yeah. It's, it's, I I've never seen anything like this from a hubris slash lack of awareness dating back. Unless you go back to like the eighties when the league was, you know, everyone was on cocaine and the league was fucking crazy and the teams are worth $12 million and weird shit happened.


This is like out of the eighties. Yeah. And how about Jason kid? No, postgame Pressor last night Isn't that great. Which they, everyone was saying this is like never happened before with any Mavs team. We've never seen a, a coach just skip the presser. Yeah. We're taping this at it's 10 o'clock pt. We might find out today. Davis is out for like two months. Yeah, I mean that was, that was also kind of a news ter in the Super Bowl too. Oh wait. Ad is actually her, right? I mean it, the whole thing. I mean you say like he didn't anticipate it, but I feel like he did to some extent. Because I feel like the secrecy was driven by Poka, as you say. So there were no other offers, no other suitors. But I think Harrison kept it quiet too because he didn't want to face the backlash.


Right. He knew it would get crushed. So in the way, like you were kind of anticipating, but maybe not anticipating how big it would be. Right? Well this has, I mean the Patrick Dumont piece of this, Oh my God, As it's evolved, I wrote down the funniest outcomes of the Luca trade so far. Here we go. And it's a long list. Everyone made this point. But a trade so bad. People thought shams got hacked. Let's just start there. That's never happened before in the history of professional sports where we assumed the best reporter of a sport got hacked. Poka dressing like a fast and furious villain for the post-trade conference. I loved just like decked out.


Like he, like he was about to do a concert in New Zealand with like, he, like he used to be in on new kids in the block and now he's got a solo career. I love this one. Everyone's still pretending that Jason Kidd, JJ Reddick, LeBron Rich Paul and Anthony Davis didn't know about the trade. Mm. This is my favorite. They're still doing it. It's like, this is like Playhouse theater. If people think Jason Kidd didn't know about this trade, I got like a bridge to sell you. It's unbelievable that they're still pushing this ad. And we talked about this the, the day after the, on this pod, the day after the trade, like ad waved his trade kicker and gave up $5.9 million in like 40 minutes to make the trade work.


There's no way he didn't know it's impossible. He has this huge house out here in la. He loved being on the Lakers. He had to have known, all these people knew. And they're, they're still doing it all these days later. Well, it was so important. We had to just keep it between the owners and, and the and and Nico and, and Rob. And that was all it couldn't get out. Why couldn't it get out? Why? Because you knew the Mavericks fans were gonna fucking riot if it got out. 'cause it was so fucking stupid. That's why I couldn't get out. Totally. And they tried to square the circle at that Nico press conference, which was also one of the great moments in this whole thing where he said, J Kid didn't know, but we were aligned on the vision. Right. Well that, but then they said he didn't know until the 11th hour.


Mm. It's like, you mean the 11th hour of a 24 hour day? 'cause there's no fucking way you traded Luca without telling Jason K and talking him through it. Like first of all, that's, that's insane. If you're running a basketball team and you're not gonna walk through all the mechanics of here's Dora and here's door B. And also, like they were complaining about Luca behind the scenes for like two years. Oh yeah. And there's no way Jason Kid wasn't a huge part of this trade. And by the way, Jason kid, not exactly the most standup dude over the years, like this is the guy who stabbed Brooklyn in the back so he could get the Milwaukee job. Like he's, he's let the Trail of bodies everywhere and they like the nets in 2007. All of a sudden he got out of there. Like, this is not like Mr.


Loyal awesome team employee guy. So I, I'm just, gimme a break on that. And then LeBron like the way he reacted to the trade after, like if they, if they really blindsided on this, there's no way, no way that he reacts the way he did. Which was like, oh yeah, well wait and see. I just think everybody knew this was better. This was a better situation for LeBron. It actually gave him a chance to win a title. It was better for ad to go to Dallas. Anyway, that was one of my favorites. We mentioned Nico saying they kept the trade talks quiet 'cause neither side wanted it to leak. You mean you didn't want it to leak because the moment it got out, there's no way the fan base would've let you do it. Patrick Deon's interview over the weekend, incredible.


When he said Kobe was a culture builder. And Shaq, even though Kobe's coach in 2005 wrote an entire book about how awful it was to coach Kobe. And then again, Shaq was the guy who was always in shape, Shaq's work ethic, which was like the most famous thing about Shaq. The whole, in my book of basketball, the whole thing I wrote about Shaq was that Shaq could have graduated with a four oh and instead he graduated with a three seven and had a great time. Like that was Shaq Mark Cuban a week late doing the whole, I tried to stop it as soon as I found out, but it was too late. 'cause he probably was walking around for a week with everybody just crushing him on the trade. And finally he had to like get some piece out to Mark Sty and like, Hey, can you, can you put out that I, I had nothing to do with this.


Like, there's really no blood on my hands. The Mavs trading Luca, because he couldn't stay in shape and was always an injury risk. But then they got Anthony Davis who got hurt in the first game. Like, you can't make this up. Somebody whose nickname is street clothes, right? That was, oh this guy, this guy's better. I, I liked, I don't, who knows that Dave McBeen story yesterday when it was like LeBron's camp has noticed that Luca got what he wanted right away. That was an amazing sentence. And, and and LeBron has been pushing for this stuff to, for years. First of all, LeBron's played with just in the last 14 years, Dwayne Wade, Chris Bosch, Kyrie Irving, Kevin Love Anthony Davis and Luca Duch, he plays on a Lakers team.


When they traded for ad, they traded two top two lottery picks. Brandon Igram and Lonzo Ball. They pushed Julius Randall out, who is another lottery pick. They traded the number four pick that became Deandre Hunter. They put Josh Hart in the trade. They put Mo Wagner in the trade. They traded like two more swaps and picks including the one that became Dyson Daniels. And they have another pick this year. Like they gave away like basically a decade of drafts combined with the two Westbrook trades. Then they, they, they like, I how much can you do for this guy? So I almost don't believe that he couldn't have, there's no way he's, he really feels like they're not doing enough for him. Anyway, I, that made me laugh.


And then all the Mav stuff with just, Hey, let's hold our heads high and thank Luca for seven years. And he brought us to the Western finals and the finals and this was great Maverick. Good luck in la No, they did the opposite. They just leak shit left and right. He's a fat piece of shit. Maybe he had a drinking problem, his calfs could explode. Watch out for his Achilles. There's so many fucking things that are leaking out. It's disgusting. It was, and you know me, I'm a student of the now they tell a story, right? And just as soon as this trade came down, we were all on the clock. Right? You guys even said it on the emergency podcast that night. Yeah, here we go. We're all on the clock. What is it? Here we go. But it never really came out because there's really not a reason for this, right?


There's not a great answer. There's always an answer with these things, with these weird stories. What happened? What are the motives here? And the answer is, it was Nico Harrison. Like he didn't have, he didn't have a good reason. He just did it right. He did this stupid, incredibly stupid thing. Well, and then Dumont the, the owner or or the guy who's running stuff, the more I talk to people And I, I keep looking for conspiracy theories or whatever and it just seems like they just felt like they didn't like that he wasn't in shape and they thought he was kind of a dick. And that just seems like the, like that's why they didn't wanna give him three 50 million. This is the all time new owner syndrome trade we've ever had.


We've had so many great ones over the years where somebody takes over a team and within a couple months they're like, here's my idea. And it's usually a disaster. This is the worst one ever. Yes. But usually you're paying too much for another star, right? That's the new owner syndrome, right? That's the nets, that's the sons, right? You're going out and like, let's go get an aging star and spend way too much capital. Go get that guy. This is the opposite. Well it's the opposite. But the spirit is always the same. It's always somebody moving into the league who's had some, either had some success somewhere else or inherited the success he had and they go in and within a year they think they're smarter than everybody else.


And that's, that's always the North star where they come in and they're like it, they're just trying to do a zag, right? They're not like, I just wanna come in, I wanna learn this business for three or four years. Trust the people that are in here. I wanna be a student of the game. There's a lot of stuff I don't know yet. It's always more like the ish BIA thing where it's like, Nope, everybody's doing this so I'm gonna do this. Like Proov was another classic in Brooklyn, right? Yep. He's just like picks what are those, spend those and then a year later he is like, yeah, cut costs. That was stupid. And then, and then he just demolishes the nets for, you know, decade. But they all have to do it. Even even Balmer, who I think was one of the better new owners, but Balmer bought, he took over and you know, within a couple years they had traded Blake Griffin.


Chris Paul was out. Like, and, and that was probably one of the more successful ones. But they all have to do it. You know what really pisses me off about this is, and this is like comes from a more personal place, is that you And I, before we worked together, both worked with people in our lives Yeah. Who would make our lives sell. And it wasn't that we had like I care about journalism, you care about journalism intensely and we're just butting heads over the particular vision. Yeah. We would look at them and be like, you actually don't care that much. Yeah. You just like having a job. Right. And when you don't have this job anymore, you're gonna go off and do another job and you're never gonna think about this again. Right. And I'm gonna think about this for the rest of my life, this moment.


Yeah. Because I'm so pissed off. That's Maverick fans to me. Nico Harrison's gonna do a couple more years of GM and then he's gonna never do this job again. And he won't think about this as, oh that was a great failure my life. He's like, oh, that was weird. You know, a couple of weird years in my career. Now I'm gonna go work with my buddy Rob again. And you know, it just doesn't matter. And Patrick Mont And he'll, it'll move, it'll be outta Texas. Patrick Patrick Dumont will never think about this again. And his, I just guarantee it. And that is what's just particularly galling about this whole deal to me. Well, Well, and also that Patrick Dumont clearly was not a huge basketball fan probably until the last six or seven years based, just based on that one interview he gave.


There's, there's wrinkles to this that I think tie in and where basketball is kind of moving anyway. And I, I've noticed it with my friends' kids, especially kids maybe, maybe my son's age and under where they, they they root for the player over the team. I think video games have something to do with this. I think all the player movement has stuff to do with this. I also just think basketball's different guys jump around now. So it's easier to just grab a player than a team. But it's definitely one of the, the player empowerment, LeBron generation. This is one of the side effects is like, I like Russell Westbrook now he's on the Nuggets. So now I'm a Nuggets fan. This Luca thing is the most interesting test case for this.


Because I know of a few people who either it's, it's them specifically their kids or people they know who are like my, my kid's a Laker fan now. Like this is it. Like we've, we've actually given up on the Mavericks. He's just gonna follow Luca to the Lakers he is gonna roof for, for the Lakers from now on. I don't remember a bigger version of this in any sport. Like when Brady went to the Bucks, the Pats fans, we rooted for 'em. Like I rooted for 'em during the Super Bowl, but I was never like, I'm now a Bucks fan. Like, we stayed the Pats fan. This is actually like the, it feels like they've lost fans over this, which I don't remember happening. It's really fascinating. 'cause I'm like you, I have my teams that I've had since childhood that never changed.


I never acquired it's a family a second NBA team or a second. Like that's bullshit. Get outta here with that. This is the one time I wouldn't blame anybody for doing it. I mean, Dirk sitting there blessing the whole thing last night with, you know, and, and Luca doing the Dirk trademark shot. Dirk, by the way, greatest player in Mavs history, who after he won a title, did a Diners Drive-Ins a Dives tour. Right. Staying in shape. Remember that? Yeah. I mean, so I wouldn't blame anybody if you're just a Luca fan. And now even with all the changes you talk about with what the Mavericks did, why not? Why wouldn't you just keep rooting for him no matter where he's playing? The other, the other thing I was thinking about just from a historical standpoint with this trade, which speaks to the fact that they had a, you know, a sports business executive who doesn't seem like he was a true basketball fan, Nico, maybe he is.


But it's just like his lack of understanding of the history of this stuff was really notable. And then Dumont, who clearly is a basketball fan, but there's been so many great players Who hit kind of this weird inflection point that Luca seemed to be in, right where he is 25. He wasn't at his all time peak yet. You could talk yourself into, yeah, maybe this is never gonna happen. And ironically, the Mavericks had one of those guys in Dirk Nowitzki when they made the finals with them in oh six, the MVP season oh seven. And then they lose to the Warriors in round one. And then around oh eight, it really seemed to go sideways. And he had some issues. He got involved with a woman that became a thing where he had this bad relationship and oh 8, 0 9, you really felt like Dirk was Gable and that the ship had sailed on him being an awesome player and they didn't trade with it.


Cuban was like, I'm never trading this guy Cuban had a chance to trade him in. Oh, you know, in oh four for Shaq. That was when Shaq became available. It was like the obvious trade was Dirk for Shaq. He's like, I'm not trading Dirk Dirk's our guy. And they just kept him. But there's been other guys over the years when people, when teams have blinked, when they've had, you know, they're like, ah, should we trade 'em? Especially when you go back to the seventies and eighties. This is the first time in a while a team blinked. Yeah. You know, even Minnesota with kg like they, they never traded 'em. The w The Wizards did it with Sea-Web, but Sea-Web like never had any real success. Luca had real success. He made the finals last year, did the western finals. Like he, he was actually winning shit.


So this, this is why I, I think one of the many reasons I was even going back, I was reading Houston and Hakeem Mila one 'cause in 92 and 93, and you could read, there's a ton of stuff about this. Like he almost got traded the Clippers. He was being shopped around. There was a Reggie Lewis possible trade at one point. Like, but they never traded him. They kept him. So this happened before, but this is the rare time where the team just blinked. And it's so early to blink. It's So early. So early. I mean 29-year-old Luca, you know, maybe you never get back to the finals. You gotta the Western conference finals one more time. Right. Work the, the, Then you trade him for seven first round picks and some 22-year-old. That's the only way it makes sense.


Y Yeah. And he has like two seasons in there where he plays like 45 games and then you're starting to, eh, you know, long term conditioning, whatever. But this is way too early to even entertain that idea. The other piece of this trade, which I am happy to go on the record and people can clip this out and shove it in my face for the rest of my life and farm more Aggregate this everywhere We go, aggregate this right now. I really think this is the greatest thing they ever could have done for him, For Luther. Professionally CareerWise. Oh yeah. Motivation wise. This is the all time we did you a favor by doing this trade. Like I already thought he was gonna win a title someday. He, to me he was the natural pick of anyone under 27 for who was gonna win all of the checkpoints that he is hit as a player.


But the one thing that was kind of missing was like guy's carrying too much weight. Like he, you know, if you go back and, and you watch him rookie year, second year, he's just way skinnier and he is more explosive. Right. He added all this weight because it made him harder to deal with. It made him more physical. It added a post-up game. But you know, now I wonder what between that some of the stuff we're already reading about LeBron and him kind of Luca and awe watching LeBron's workout. I mean LeBron's like one of the most legendary workout guys ever. And Luca kind of maybe finally understanding this is maybe what it takes. Usually this happens when somebody's on the US Olympic team, but Luca's civilian, like he was, he never was in that way.


Where it's like, and you always have these stories like that it's 92 had it, 2008 had it where they're watching the best player and they're like, holy shit, that guy's getting up at five 30 in the morning to work out. Maybe I should start doing that. And so anyway, I just feel like that's the frustrating thing for me as a Laker hater, that this is just clearly the greatest thing. Plus everyone comes to California and loses 20 pounds is the other other thing. So he said that's Not gonna happen anyway Bill. No, I agree. And sometimes in psychology with players, it's like deceptively simple. We're talking about Mahomes, you know what he's gonna think about all year. Yeah. And every time there's a clip on ESPN. Hmm. Look at that. Look at that.


Brady, you know, fed off that his entire career. So just imagine Luca read all those stories about being overweight. Team didn't believe in me. They thought his Achilles was gonna explode, Thought his Achilles gonna explode. That's my New favorite one in the last week. Ah, his Achilles. It's, it's ticket time bomb. Oh, okay. Cool. How can you just last thing, can you walk us through how this plays out in Dallas with your lifelong knowledge appreciation, historical sense of things in Dallas, A trade that was being compared to the JFK assassination for its impact on the city. How does it play out from an animosity anger, just what are the next four months look like?


So here's what I would say. The Mavericks were created as a franchise in my lifetime. Like they were, they were literally right. 1981. Yeah. So and to Watch or 1980, sorry To watch them. You had, other than that time, they pushed the Lakers to seven games in the Western conference finals until the DI era. They were just barely a franchise. Yeah. Barely a franchise. Barely raided on the Dallas sports consciousness. Way behind the Rangers, you know, for second place by the way. And It felt like in the nineties, they were like an actual, they were one of the NBA train wreck franchises. Absolutely. I mean it was one of those, I would say one of the three worst people Still said Clippers, but it was actually the Mavericks.


Except the Mavericks would just lose the draft lottery every year. Remember that they gave that 76 ERs all time wins. Record a ride a couple times. I mean it was just unbelievably bad. And I remember when they traded Jason Kidd too, it totally made sense. 'cause it was like, of course they did. They're fucking stupid. Of course they're gonna trade him after two years. Oh my God. Was that Sam Cassel and Yeah, Whatever it was. Yeah. We're not sure these three guys can mesh together. So we're gonna trade the best one of the three. It was like, you guys are idiots. Totally. And Cuban and Dirk made the Mavericks into a real franchise. Yeah. And then there was another period of, you know, kind of weirdness there at the end where they kind of, when, you know, they were declining with Dirk and then Luca made them again, like, No matter what you say, Luke is here.


There's a thing to talk about, there's a thing to pay attention to. There's a reason to buy a ticket to a Mavericks game and be excited and get into the Mavericks. And now I just wonder where they slide, you know, on the sports consciousness. And even talking to those radio host, it's the same thing. It's like, what's the maverick segment we do, you know? Like, what do we do? Do we doing ad segments every week? I don't think so. I wouldn't, you know, if they, they're, you know, let's say they get healthy and they're a playoff team this year. I mean, they'll obviously, there'll be some interest people being in, but I just think it's gonna be hard to slid, playoffs slid. You've seen this happen with Boston teams before. Yeah. Where you just slide off the map for a while, Happened with the Pats. And in this case, it's not just 'cause you're bad or potentially bad in a couple years, it's because people are pissed at you.


Like they're angry with you. They think you just screwed them over in a way they've never felt before. Right. And I, I just think there's a lot of potential there for them. Just slide into the ocean for a while. Well, I mean, imagine if Kyrie leaves. So he's, he can opt out. There's some free agency stuff with him, potentially. Ooh. Like this could, this could be a house of cards pretty quickly. And then the Davis piece of it, if, you know, if, if he's just not healthy this year, like they have a real chance not to make the playoffs because the West is so good. I was looking at the odds, like I bet it when I was in Louisiana over the weekend. I bet on Fando, I bet on Golden State at like plus 1 55 to make the playoffs.


They're plus 1 0 2. Tomorrow they might be plus one 70. Like the West is like, depending on who wins two games in a row, there's 11 good teams plus San Antonio, there's eight playoff spots. So if you have Davis out for a month combined with, you know, Kyrie pulls something for a week, now all of a sudden you're just, you're sliding out of it. So, fascinating stuff. Who, who thought Dallas would be this crazy as a sports, as a sports city without the Cowboys being involved? I think that might've been the biggest shocker of all of it. Oh my God. And I, I tell you the words Brian Schottenheimer have not been uttered once on Dallas sports racing Or, or Jerry Jones possibly winning an Emmy for a landman.


There we go. The Most emotional TV cameo of the, of the last five years. Who knew Best thing he's done in 30 years by far. Unbelievable stuff. Oh, I almost forgot to do this. So I was saying to you last night when we were texting that this was the first NBA trade that I felt could be turned into a Ryan Murphy Limited series on Netflix. Where I listen not to compare this trade to the Menendez brothers and Ted Bundy and some of the other things they've done, but Why not? But it feels like, you know, you have characters, you have intrigue, you have the Dumas coming in as like the rich family screwing stuff up. You have Cuban as the old guy hanging on.


You have Luca and his like, whoever his entourage is and whatever they could Ryan Murphy that character up and make me be like, no, no, Luca, it's three in the morning. You can have Popeye's, you have LeBron and, and and Rich Paul and Ad and the Laker side and Jeanie Bus and Jay Moore. Somebody could maybe Jay Moore plays himself. Anyway, I asked you to just go nuts with this. Yeah. So opening scene of our limited series, it's gotta be this coffee shop meeting between Nico and Rob Palka On January 7th. Immortalized by a photo from some random weirdo in Dallas. And did you hear the guy taking the photo was a Lakers fan? So he recognizes Palka, but he doesn't recognize Nico.


Oh. Which is a great detail. So he snaps a photo, we see Bill camera push in, he's texting a friend and he goes, I just found Rob Poka having coffee with some guy, which really sets opening Credits. Boom. Let's go. Yeah. Theme song, hard cut, boom. Here we go. Ryan Murphy's Luca Trade. And the only, only drawback there is do we want Paulka to walk away from the coffee meeting and pick up the phone and call somebody and be like, you'll never believe this. Right. You'll never believe what I just heard. We got this going on. Mark Cuban flashback. Yeah. Yelling at the refs. Buying the team. Selling the team. Oh yeah.


Kobe flashback. So we can so see Poka Nico meeting. Mm. Probably at Lakers games. Right. Talking to each other. So We're going back and forth like the last dance a little bit. Okay. Yeah. Well, yeah. This's a limited series, right? Yeah. We gotta have, no, not everything has flashbacks these days. Right. I was playing with some casting here too. You gotta help me with this. I mean, I'm just so sorry we lost Penny Marshall because Mim Adelson, I mean that would've been the ultimate casting. Maybe, Maybe, maybe we could bring her back. CGI now is amazing. Maybe Penny Marshall's not, maybe it's not dead Yet. CGI, penny Marshall. Do we want Josh Gad for Patrick Dumont? I, I kinda like that a little bit. Oh, That's really good. I mean, you could also go Chris Pratt putting the weight back on after losing the weight, getting muscular the last 12 years.


Now he's going back trying to win an Emmy. Who do we like for Cuban Cuban's? Like I, it it, it feels like Jeremy's strong and a zag. Nobody expecting Jeremy Strong here. He's got the Cuban Wing on. He's super personable. And you're like, whoa, Jeremy's strong is Cuban. This is crazy. Why are they doing this? He Could be paulka too. That's better. 'cause what if he's reading the Alchemist wife, you know, constantly. No, Rob Low has to be pka. What are you talking about? Okay. But they have to be quoting, you know, from things and doing. Yeah. Either one of those guys. I could see actually Who else could be Cuban? I Only, I had JK Simmons, Ben Affleck. Could Ben Affleck be Cuban?


I had JK Simmons with a wig. And, and of course was like, oh, that's great. I was like, he's too old. But he is actually only four years older than Cuban. Just their face. Face. No, that's great. I like that the Most. Their faces look different, but we, we can, we can work on that. So JK Simmons, Nico Harrison could be 40 people. That's, Does anybody play Danny Age getting wind of this deal? Like with 30 minutes to go? No, He plays himself. Okay, Danny. Yeah. We're gonna cast Danny. Dirk was a tough one for me. Dirk plays himself. Okay. Luca is Actually, you could also do the thing with Dirk where it's like a six four actor with a bad Dirk wig. And it's clearly not Dirk. 'cause that's one of the staples of these shows where the guy doesn't actually follow sports. Yeah. Somebody has to be completely ridiculous and not look Like Yeah, that's, that's probably Dirk Dirk's like six two.


What do we do with Luca Luca's Tough. This is where you get into like the, the Aaron Hernandez show, which I liked and the guy didn't really look like Aaron Hernandez, but by the end of the show you kind of felt like he was Aaron Hernandez. So you, you almost need, you need somebody that's big and a little doy. And that could be anybody. Maybe you're going with an unknown for that one. Yeah. Do we need like a De Niro style weight gain where we send him to Italy to eat pasta for like three months so they can Not too Expensive in the budget. You have to pretend Italy. You have to pretend it's like Palos Verde. I like it. This is actually a good series. Yeah, this is pretty good. And I, it's, I think the Dumont the, the Adelson Dumont family I think features prominently in this.


Yeah. Just like you really make Dumont like a villain and, and just a goofball who's like trying, frantically trying to read up on NBA history. Like he's reading Halton Breaks of the Game. Somebody told me to read this. I don't know who any of these people are. It's just confused. Can we still get Bill Walton in a trade? Who's playing Skin and who are the maps Radio guys? What those Guy say? You're talking about Ben and Skin? Yeah, Ben And Skin. Who's playing? Ben and Skin. Oh my God. Those are great roles. I would've so many ideas for Maverick Sports Radio. I mean, there'd be so many. This would be unbelievable. Could people play me and and Illa and Mahoney doing the reaction pad? Or are we playing ourselves? Yeah, and Skip plays himself too.


Don't forget that. 'cause he would've some big takes on this Ski with like some aging like the Irishman. 'cause we go back into the mid two thousands when he's saying that you can't win a title with Dirk Dewitz. Then it's like current Skip. Unbelievable. Every Stephen a Stephen a actor or you or Stephen a is himself. He absolutely wants to play himself. What about Donald Faison as Nico Harrison? Ooh, interesting. See? That'd be good. Yeah. I like that. All right. This is great. Ryan Murphy, get on it. Call us. We're we're ready to do this. Brian Curtis. You can read him on The Ringer dot com. A great website. You can also listen to him on the press box. An awesome podcast. One of our, how many years from the press box been out? Eight. I think it's eight.


Yep. I forced you to do it. And I I've never been more thankful. Now you were receptive. I forced fantasy. You wa you were ready. Yeah. Fantasy was forced. Fantasy took like he, he was debating it like it was the Luca DCI trade for weeks before he actually pulled the trigger. He Seems to have gotten the hang of it. Yeah, he's doing All right. Curtis, thank you. Thanks Bill.


This episode is brought to you by Nissan. If you're planning on an adventurous 2025, you're gonna need a car that can keep up with you and conquer anything in your path. The Nissan Armada Pro four x is that car with a twin Turbo V six engine ready to propel your adventures. Up to 8,500 pounds of towing capacity to haul all your favorite toys and space for eight passengers. This unshakeable fortress will chew up and spit out anything you throw at it. Learn more at the all new 2025 Nissan Armada at Nissan usa.com. Towing capacity varies by configuration. See Nissan Towing Guide and Owners manual for additional information. Always secure cargo.


All right. The one and only Matt Bella is here. You can read him on Puck. You can listen to the Town. An awesome podcast. Some have credited him with Craig Beck's rise as a media mogul. I think we could I'd the Watchable. I'd say Craig's moment really was his three minute rant about risky business at the end. That was it of a re watchable. That was the moment, that was the moment he became a star. That was when Mehi knew someday he could marry into the Adelson family and maybe run the Mavs. We just talked, Brian Curtis And I just talked about the Luca trade And I was saying how the Ryan Murphy Luca trade miniseries on Netflix.


I would just watch and we had a whole bunch of casting stuff. Is there anybody, just without you, knowing what we talked about, is there anybody that you feel like would have to be in that? Well, Did you discuss James Cord? James Cord as Dumont? No. James Cord as Luca. Ja. That's, that's not a thing. I'm, I'm, we'd have to use like passive Observer here, but I, it seems like Cord is born to play the role. I mean, I honestly, Ryan Murphy would probably do that. 'cause he, Ryan Murphy clearly doesn't follow sports as we've seen from some of his other stuff. So he could be like, yeah, we'll just cheated and make him look like he's six foot eight. Well, yeah, that and Cord might have to lose a few pounds, but, Or gain a few.


Luca Luca might have to gain a, a few, but maybe we, we get Luca at one of his post beer drinking sessions. What's your Ryan Murphy miniseries that he hasn't done yet that you can't believe he hasn't done Yet? I mean, is one there a murder he hasn't exploited yet, would You, is there a Simpson Bruckheimer one that like, do you feel like there's an eighties Hollywood one that's a D from him, but Don Simpson and Jerry Bruckheimer never really feuded. Don Simpson just sort of went off the rails and they actually, they did end up splitting, but I don't know, And I, not a big who Ovitz like the Mike Ovitz when he was the most powerful agent in Hollywood. And then it went noting. Does anyone about That? Yeah, IM, I don't know what's left.


It's, if he does another Hollywood one, I mean, he could do the Harvey Weinstein story. Ooh. Like Harvey barreling through Hollywood in the nineties and two thousands, knowing what we know now about his downfall, maybe he could do that. The problem is with some, with an idea like that is, I don't know if I'd wanna spend time. I felt the same way about the Donald Sterling Show. Like ultimately I just didn't wanna spend six hours with Donald Sterling. Even if the show is good. There's, so, there's like some limits I have for I get that. I mean, you could do the, the, the comedic version, although Harvey, you can't do comedy with. No, you can't. But like this new Lakers show that Jeanie bus made with Mindy Kaling.


Yeah. On Netflix. Like they, when I saw that they were, that Netflix was doing a Jeanie bus show, I just like wi so I was like, oh no. But they went full comedy with it. Right. And that worked. I, I haven't watched it yet, but at least the trailer looks funny because they, they, it's just a, a total joke. The whole thing. Yeah. SNL 51 of the many reasons you're here, you get the invite. It's, it's Sunday. I got the music invite. I didn't get the the other one. It's what, 200 people? It's 300 people in eight h and it is turning out to be the toughest ticket I have ever seen in Hollywood.


Like, I don't know that there's even any sports equivalent of how exclusive this is. There are 300 seats. There are, I mean, hundreds of former cast members of the show, guest hosts, musical guests, executives that went in on this. Friends of Lorne, Paul McCartney, all of 'em wanting to s this thing. Right. There's no, there's no room there, there. The overflow room is gonna be a tough ticket. So you have like, I like, I talked to John Ham about it in the last week and he said He's going, Oh, he's in, right. He's in. So there's a level of like, there's a guest host level where it's like Hanks John Ham. Like they, we, there's probably like 20, 25 of those.


And Ham probably didn't tell you this, but he's probably only in, because he's hot right now. Like he's, he's you know, after Landman, after morning show, after Fargo, like he's a hot actor right now. So he's in. But like there are probably some frequent guest hosts from the eighties and nineties that are not in because they are not cool anymore. And then you have 50 seasons of casts. Some of them are dead. Some of them are, but a lot of them Are live from the eighties on. And it's like they're Eddie Murphy. But then like you get into like is Episcopal one of the 300? I would think he has to be. You'd think so, but remember at the 40th there was a whole controversy over Victoria Jackson being in an overflow room and she freaked out.


So like, the cuts are gonna be tough. Then you have, they're doing it right now, actually. I heard they're doing it today and tomorrow And Oh really? Yeah. And then you have the, the music stuff because there's people like Paul Simon and Card of Lauren. Yeah. The friends of Lauren. But then also bands like if Bono wants to be there, like he was, he had one of the best music performs I've ever had. So he has to get in there. So Taylor and Travis', how they do it, Taylor And Travis, they gotta be there. I mean, it it, you just go down the list of people that are either super famous and just nobody ever says no to them or they're friends of Lauren or they're important to the show. Like there. I can't even imagine. I do not, I would not wish this on anybody to have to pick that room.


Nobody has a plus one I'm guessing. Oh hell no. No. There's not gonna be an extraneous person in that room. So they probably, Maybe the CEO of Comcast, maybe his wife comes W Well that's the other thing. You need the rich guy circles and you need the network circles. You need n Told me he's going the CEO of Netflix and he has nothing to do with the show. He is just a fan. But he's powerful enough in Hollywood that he can get in. Well they had to invite him because he could have basically destroyed SNL the last six years by doing Friday night SNL on Netflix. And he loved the show and he didn't, he's never doing that one. There's always the rumor Ted loves comedy so much.


He's always the rumor that he will just decide to do a Friday night or a Sunday night version and just steal all the people from SNL. I don't, I think he has too much respect for Lauren to do that. But post Lauren, all bets are off. I am positive that as long as Lauren is there, he's never doing that. 'cause he loves the show and he loves Lauren that, but the moment Lauren leaves, I think Netflix just takes that entire corner. And, and, and NBC will walk right into it because once Lauren leaves, they will start cost cutting on the show because it's hugely expensive for what it is. And Lauren has been able to beat them back. But they will start to cut costs and Ted will recognize it and he'll swoop in. So you you think like just the 300 people in this place, which is basically like having the NBA finals game seven in an arena that has 900 seats.


You think they've been playing in this for like six months and they started out with a list of like 2000 names and levels six years. And They started this after the 45th. I mean the, the entire, this is the culmination of Lauren's life work. Like they have been planning this. Comcast is giving this the whole symphony treatment where every aspect of the company tries to promote this thing. They've been plan, they set this whole, you know, three day weekend thing with the music and then the documentary premieres and all this stuff around the live show. They've been building this thing up like it's bigger than a sporting event for tv. And they have, they have Lauren, I guarantee you, has been thinking about every single person who will be in that room for more than a year.


And we do not think he's retiring after the year. I'm, I'm, I'm 99% sure he is not. He has said he is not, he has said he is gonna do the fade out thing where he slowly brings in people to help him with certain things. But he's the ultimate decider. And push comes to shove. He is in charge. We'll see how, How did you feel about the documentaries and all the stuff that they did to lead to this moment? And I have some thoughts on Better have some thought. What I mean to the culture too, Because I only knew about the Cowbell sketch from Columns that you wrote 20 years ago. Right. Which caused me to check it out.


I thought they were generally good better than might be expected for promotional documentaries. Yeah. The, the one with the, the old footage of their auditions. I thought that was super fun. I hadn't seen a lot of that stuff. The Cowbell one was my favorite. Just 'cause it was amazing the Season 11 one. Like there, it raised a lot of questions to me that I don't think the documentary answered. They did a whole documentary just on this lost season where everybody kind of got fired at the end. And I, it it was a, it was a little bit like you felt like one of those docs where they're not telling me the whole story here. That was the most frustrating one to me.


Yeah. Lorne huge Flex didn't even appear in any of the documentaries promoting his show. Right. They had to use archive footage of Lorne. Like he didn't sit for his own documentaries. The Season 11 one. I was so excited for because that's such a crazy stretch of, of the show where basically he leaves after year five Ebersol comes in the show is cratering and then Eddie Murphy saves it. They figure out a way to kind of keep Eddie Murphy, even though he is filming all the stuff in the first half of the show. They dole out the sketches to save it in season nine and then season 10 becomes the All-star season with Billy Crystal, Martin Short, all those guys. And it's awesome season. Ten's one of the best seasons in the history of the show, but then all those guys leave and Lauren comes back and Lauren tries to zag and hires all these young writers or young actors, new writing staff, whole thing and just misses.


And I, I was like, they're doing a doc. This sounds amazing. But it didn't dive into the Lauren stuff. It didn't really dive into why he came back. Like the failure, the new show which he had tried to do where he owned it. He almost went bankrupt from the show. Right. Or His relationship with and basically took Dick Eol job and made the money. Yeah. And the Dick Ebersol thing where he was so mad that Dick Ebersol was being considered successful with the show. And that's a really fun dynamic, those two. Oh yeah. I mean Ebersol is still alive. Apparently he's not doing great. But that's another mystery is will he show up at the Fifties? He has to be there. He saved the show. The show's dead. You Know what? You would think so, but I don't know how well he's doing these days. And I don't know what that the state of that relationship with Lauren is.


I don't, I don't think they're close. It may be a respect thing that he invites him, but I don't know if he'll if he'll be there. The Season 11 thing is amazing. I actually didn't know about that in that whole thing where they, they ended the season on a cliffhanger of firing all the Right and just kept, and he pulls Lovetts out. Lovetts is the only one. That's the other funny thing is LUTs was the breakout star of that season, which tells you about the season. It's amazing. And you can imagine if they did that today, it's just like, yeah, so much happened on SNL in the eighties and nineties where if it happened during the social media era, it would, it would be gigantic. And it just kind of came and went at 10 to one in the morning and maybe people talked about it the next day.


Maybe there was a newspaper article and then it was onto the next, I think when they did this for SNL 40 and we blew it. It was my last year at Grantland and we blew it out. We had a whole week we did the March Madness bracket for, I remember that for people on the show. We, we had, we did an awesome job. You can go back and read it for people listening. We had like 20 pieces. I wrote a piece right after the SNL 40 show, which was three hours. And I, I think the headline was like bloated SNL 40 was actually kind of perfect 'cause that's what the show was. But the 40 year mark was really cool because the show was still really good, really relevant, and still really, really good at Breaking Stars.


And it had just come off that awesome cast with Hater and Sandberg and Sudeikis and Will Forte and Armisen and Kristen Wig. And you look back at that cast and you're like, holy shit. Like we, we didn't even realize in the moment how loaded these all of them went on to do all these other things. And the last 10 years, they just haven't had the same success with the cast. And I think that's, that's what's different. I look at these last 10 years and it's like there's really no breakout stars that they've developed. Kate McKinnon was probably the last one. And she's not somebody who can carry her own thing. She's good as like being part of something. But that's what's changed in the last 10 years, I think. Yeah. And I think that that coincides with the rise of TikTok and online comedy and things that have sort of Right.


Put SNL in the rear view. Also, COVID didn't help a live show like that. That depends on spontaneity. Like those were rough years. They've also, the cast has gotten too big. And I think Lauren would probably admit that they just have too many people. He lets them go off and do other things during the season now where, like if you look at someone like Bowen Yang, who they tried to make a star and didn't really work out like he was, they had a show two weeks ago and he was in LA on the Thursday before the show announcing the Oscar nominations. And then he gets on a plane and he goes back to SNL for the show on Saturday night. And then on Sunday he was at Sundance promoting a movie that he had did Right.


He, that he had done. So like is is Bow and Yang, even part of that cast, part of the whole SNL ethos is that you're there all the time, right. You're pitching, you're writing, you're, you're, you're Coming up with bits. I mean he was in and out of New York during that week doing his other projects and is sort of like kind of on the show. Right. It's just, it's just a different thing now that than, than when you had these tight 10 person casts that had an identity to them. Now it's like sort of a revolving door. Yeah. The only times they really did that over the course of the show, like Belushi was filming, he was filming 1941 I think in season four and flying back and forth.


Eddie Murphy was doing movies when he was there. You made exceptions for like the major stars. It seems like they've they've made a lot more exceptions than Reese. Yeah. Will Ferrell did a couple things, but like Yeah, when Will Ferrell decided to be a movie star? He left SNL right? Adam Sandler left SNL. Like it was a, it was a pat, it was a thing. Someone like AIE Bryant. AIE Bryant had a Hulu show that was greenlit aired and was canceled all while she was on SNL. Right. Well, The thing, she had this whole side career going. The thing you said about the cast, I, when I, I, you know, one of the great moments of of this podcast when I was at ESPN was I got to interview Lauren in his office, which was, you know, very jealous.


An incredible career move for me. Not move career moment. It was just like, I can't believe I'm doing this. I had so many questions to ask him. I got to talk to him for an hour 20. And we talked To Did he offer you popcorn? I don't think he offered me pop. Maybe he might, he might have. But I talked to him about the casting And I talked to him about my theory about how the cast was like a basketball team and it, you had to have the starting five and the four or five people off the bench. But once you have 17 people, you know, it's a, it's just too hard to get everyone involved. And he was explaining why he did it and the reasons actually made sense where he was like, some people aren't ready for the first year or the second year really takes until year three that they're, you gotta develop people behind them.


I think the thing they really fucked up in the last 10 years was using these celebrities for big parts. And I I've said this before, not being able to break new stars with parts like Biden Trump, these, these things. If you go back to the history of the show, the cast members were always playing the people in the zeitgeist and they shifted away from that and started giving those parts to these other people. They even did it in 24, like Maya Rudolph as Kamala Harris. Like why can't that be a cast member? You know, you And I think that's what shifted. So you're Saying Alec Baldwin killed SNL? Well, yeah, I think, I think the, the theory of using people like Alec Baldwin Yeah.


I think was a huge mistake. I know. It's like, no, It's a drug. It's like heroin. They, it, it's, it worked really well. People loved it. Lauren got the zeitgeist back for these big stunty moments. He started to get news articles out of who was playing who on SNL. And we saw it during 20 15, 20 16 with the whole Trump White House and Melissa McCarthy coming in to play Sean Spicer, Matt Damon doing Kavanaugh. Like all that stuff was so alluring to them that they kind of got addicted to it. And it was, it was like a drug. They, you, you get a high off it, but there's a definite downside. And the downside is the show itself suffers and the people that are on there for four or five years, you don't even know who they are.


Right. And I remember right around when it started that Will Ferrell used to do that Janet Reno Dance Party sketch and then Janet Reno came Probably would, probably wouldn't happen today. It would not, it was, I think that sketch is canceled. But Janet Reno came on, right? If I remember. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. And, And it was right at early two thousands. They started bringing the people there. Parroting on the show was really, yeah, the show would go for it with celebrities. It was really mean-spirited in, in a way that I used to love and my friends all loved it in The nineties. Oh, it was great. When you look back at some of those David Spade monologues. Oh yeah. Like those would never happen today. The entire culture of celebrity has changed. Where if you do that stuff Now, you have to expect that you will get blowback from those people.


And some of the, they, they court those celebrities so much now that they can't parody them. Like who are the two most famous people in American culture right now? I think I've said this either on the town or I forget where before, but Taylor and Travis SNL should be going after Taylor Swift and Travis Kel relentlessly. I Having heard with it, but going after 'em. Totally. I agree. Yeah, totally Going after them. But no, they don't because they want them to come on the show. How show About Blake Lively and just about how is that not, how is that not like a talk show where they hate each other, they're next to each other. I know it's the thing that everybody in the culture is happening, but Blake is married to Ryan. Ryan has a lot of friends. They're in the Taylor Swift universe. But That's what's happened.


That's the biggest thing that's happened in the show this century over the last 20 years. And I remember when Tina Faye came on as Palin all those times, and then they brought Palin on and you talked about it, it's like a drug. They get addicted to the crowd reaction. And then that became like, we're gonna have fun with these celebrities, but we also need the celebrities. I remember when Andy Sandberg did that Mark Wahlberg sketch, Hey, how's your brother? How's your brother? And and it was really funny. And Mark Wahlberg got pissed and they ended up bringing him on the next week to kind of give Sam Sandberg shit. And it was like, this isn't the show. The show was like kind of mean and ruthless sometimes with celebs. And now it seems like it courts the celebrities in a completely different way, which I just think is a product that Lauren being an older guy who just, he's a celebrity himself and that's how he sees it.


He's Establishment. Yeah. He, you know, he, the the show was counterculture and then it became the culture and now it's sort of, it, it it's ripe for disruption to be honest. And you could argue that everything online and TikTok and everything has disrupted it. But no, it is ripe for something sitting there on online, you know, in Living Color sort of did it. You know, Lauren had a huge blind spot with diverse people, with black people in particular on the show. Yeah. And then in Living Color comes on taking Damon Wayans who was on the show and famously was fired. Right, right. They, they disrupted them in the nineties and, and had a thing going. And I think that was the last time that someone directly took on SNL and won and not beat them, but had their own success.


There is a version of SNL for today's audience that would work, I think. And it's beyond something that's on TikTok. You could say that TikTok is SNL for today's audience, but there's something in a format in an hour, hour and a half format that would work. And is just SNL's just sitting there like a, like a Buffalo wandering the, the Serengeti, I Can't believe Metaphor believe it hasn't happened yet. No, it's like if Netflix had done this two years ago on Friday nights, I think SNL would've been in real trouble. They would've gotten the jump on them. The other way to beat SNL that nobody is like, SL just goes away from mid-May to know late September and every four years you have these, you have a, you know, a political election that's convention.


That's the most fun part to parody. Yeah. And like Netflix could have just launched a Friday night SNL show last May. Yeah. And just crushed it for four months. And by the time SNL came back it would've, it would've felt like a dinosaur. Yeah. Call it like a, you know, summer, summer stock or call it do it as a stunt in the summer. Yeah. And then you don't even have to compete with SNL and all of a sudden you've got the political conventions, you've got all the campaign stuff to yourself. Right. Yeah. Well this is an incredible run. The fact that it's been on for 50 years in my entire life And I remember all the pieces of it, but It is amazing. There's nothing like it. There's nothing like it.


Especially like the, the music, which I was really glad they did the music documentary even though I thought they missed a couple things that I was just stunned by. But I just, I, I was always, one of my favorite underrated things about the show was just catching all these acts at the greatest time of their career Right. As they're about to do this. And they would just over and over again get these people. And then sometimes, you know, it would just go the other way. You know, this was it, that was the highlight and then it was gone. I can't wait to see what happens Sunday night. I, I mean, it's one of the, one of the last must see 8:00 PM network shows that's not sports or not an award show that we're probably ever gonna have.


Right. Yeah, I know. It's amazing. FanDuel Line, who opens the show? Do they go music or sketch would be my first question. Sketch. I, I I think they will, they will do a traditional cold open. All right, so if they asked me, I would have the four or five best people in the history of show on stage together. Oh, I, I do not think they will do that because I don't think they would either. Because all that does is beg the question of who is the best ever. And that's a question that Lauren does not, But a couple of them are dead though, so that makes it, you know, it's sad to say but it's totally easier. Do, but you take person from each other.


You take Aroy, you take Eddie, you take somebody from the Hartman era, maybe it's Dana Carvey, you have Will Ferrell, you have maybe Kristen Wig Maybe. And it's like The five Hater Sudeikis Maybe hater. No, but I'm saying you just, you have like five or six to start. I think they're gonna go with celebrities though to start, it'll be like Tom Hanks, Paul Simon. It'll be like the five timers club basically. Something like that would be my Guess. Maybe what here's an option. What if they do an original sketch with the surviving originals from the 1975 cast? So Chevy still alive. Still alive. Dan, Lorraine Newman, Jane Curtin, Garrett Morris is still Alive.


Yeah. So there's five of them still alive And I believe they'll all be there Pretty risky. They're, I mean some of them are like in their late seventies, But that, but that eliminates any political problems because you don't have to deal with people who think they were the best cast member ever. You don't have to deal with the Eddie Murphy issue. You don't have to deal with any of these other things. You just say, you know what, we're gonna go with the, we're gonna go with the five originals and then have something written for them. You know, Al Franken can write it Donahoe or someone like that. And then you start the show with the rest of it. I feel like he's gonna take the easy way out and just start with like Paul Simon maybe Like Performing with Paul McCartney and like they'll start out with some song with some with like an awesome band and that kicks it off.


And then Chevy Chase, Chevy Chase I think has to start the show Like, like officially be the one who like fall they do some PR fall that they'll tape ahead of time and then it kicks to the credits would be my guess. Yeah. Or here's another idea. What about something with Keenan newsman on the show longer than Else? This show been 28 years. They could do a whole sketch around how long trips Chevy Keenan's been there. We're gonna take a break and then I wanna talk to you about some Hollywood stuff that's going on.


This episode is brought to you by LinkedIn in basketball, a blockbuster trade can make or break your playoff run before the deadline. GMs across the league scour for the right data and insights. Hope their moves pay off February 6th trade deadline this year, by the way, just like in basketball, growing your small business in 2025 all comes down to how well you can build your team. That starts with better insights from LinkedIn with unique skills and interests to the connections you have in common. LinkedIn has the strongest hiring data and insights to help you identify the right professionals so you can make the best hiring decisions. LinkedIn pairs you with the high quality candidates you need to make your business grow and flourish. LinkedIn also lets you go beyond candidates who are actively applying in a given week. 171 million LinkedIn members aren't actively seeking jobs, but they are open to new opportunities Who isn't? That's a big pool of people You don't wanna miss out on. And who knows, one of them could be your next all-Star player. So hire smarter in the new year. Find your next grade. Hire on LinkedIn. Post your job for free at LinkedIn dot com slash simmons. Once again, LinkedIn dot com slash Simmons to post your job for free terms and conditions apply.


This episode is brought to you by Pepcid Complete. We all know that one of the best parts of game day is the food on Sundays Nephew, Kyle comes over. Sometimes we'll get healthy, we'll get some salads. Sometimes we'll get a little ambitious, we'll get some sandwiches. It's always the best part of my food week. Well, until heartburn strikes then it's not as great. You get heartburn from time to time, Gotta watch out. You don't wanna be rolling around in bed all night. Thankfully Pepcid Complete starts to work instantly. It lasts all day. Just one great tasting chewable tablet provides dual action heartburn relief with an an acid that starts working instantly and an acid reducer that lasts all day. So you can stay focused on that second sandwich, that second. Second, helping a salad not Harper. Visit pepcid.com to shop now all day based on eight hour symptom relief Studies during the day. Use product only as directed.


This episode is brought to you by Rocket Money. You sign up for something, forget about after the trial period ends, then you're charged month after month after month. The subscriptions are there but you're not using them. In fact, I just learned that 85% of people have at least one paid subscription going unused each month. Thanks to Rocket Money. You can see all your subscriptions in one place. Cancel the ones you're not using anymore. Now you're saving money. Rocket Money is a personal finance app that helps find and cancel your unwanted subscriptions. You have so many of these monitors your spending and helps lower your bills so you can grow your savings. See all of your subscriptions in one place. Know exactly where your money is going. For ones you don't want anymore. Rocket Money can help you cancel them. Rocket Money. Over five million users, they've saved a total of 500 million in canceled subscriptions. Saving members up to $740 a year and using all the apps premium features, cancel your unwanted subscriptions, reach your financial goals faster with Rocket Money. Go to Rocket Money dot com slash bill today. That's Rocket Money dot com slash bill.


Alright, I love having Bella on in mid-February because the Oscars is coming. It's usually just a fun time in general for Hollywood. We have the Oscars in about two and a half weeks. Conan o Bryant's coasting third. The movies are weird. Fantasy seems to be the only one who's happy with the movies. I just think fantasy's happy with movies every year. And then we've had some really advanced level nagging of different movies that has really hurt. Are You, are you aware of what's going on here? Yeah, but Well I'm aware, but explain it to the audience. It is sort Of remarkable what is happening with the Oscars this year. The number one nominated film, 13 nominations for Amelia Perez, this Netflix movie about a transgender woman drug Lord, who has an adventure in Mexico.


That movie has completely imploded over a Twitter scandal. So the favorite for Best picture has basically been taken off the map for most of the nominations. Zoe Saldana could still win, they could still win Best song. But this Twitter scandal involving Carlos Sophia Gascon, who is the lead of the movie and just had some reprehensible old tweets that came up, has basically taken out the movie. And it is a five movie race now for best picture. And nobody knows what's gonna win. What Do you think's gonna win? What are you hearing? What's the cause? Well there there is the indicators that we've seen so far that are pointing towards a Nora, which would be a remarkable winner in its own right because it starts with about 45 minutes of hardcore sex.


I don't see it with a bunch of nudity in it. It's this like Cinderella story movie about a a, a sex worker who dates this like Russian, well not dates is paid to date this Russian, she dates Drunk Borat, drunk Russian Borat, drunk Russian, 22-year-old Borat. Yeah, but I don't see it winning. I don't, I don't think with people over 60 that first 45 minutes is gonna work. I I would've thought that it would definitely be the most explicit movie to ever win. Best Picture by four by far. There's one X-rated movie, midnight Cowboy, but that is pretty, It shouldn't have been rated X. Yeah. By today's standards and coming, Coming home gets pretty into it with The sex stuff. Yeah. And, and people forget Brokeback Mountain did not actually win Crash won that year.


Yeah, but I didn't forget One of the worst. Yeah. Crash Don. Yeah, crash was amazing. The, the PGA, the Producer's Guild went for a Nora. And those are a lot of older people. Mostly men. But it's a lot of older people that I wouldn't have thought would've gone for a Nora. I thought they'd go with Wicked. I thought they might go for a complete unknown. The Bob Dylan movie, the Director's Guild also went with Sean Baker for an Nora. I saw that. Those are the only two real indicators so far of groups that ha overlap with the Oscar voters. This next weekend we've got the s no, this weekend we've got the BAFTAs going on in London, which has a a lot of overlap.


There's a lot of foreign voters. So we'll see where they go. And then the SAG awards after that are the indicators. But I think it's a five movie race between a Nora, a complete unknown, wicked conclave, wicked. And come On. And then, you know, you gotta, and the Brutal, the brutalist has to be in there. The Brutalist has to be in there. I mean Brutalist is like, was the favorite a couple weeks ago, but everybody I talked to like it, it's just polarizing. It's three and a half hours. A lot of people don't finish it. When they start watching it on the portal. They say, oh I, I've seen it. But they don't actually finish it. The first half is better than the second half. But it's a real like, like Sista movie.


And those movies are not benefited by the preferential voting system that the Oscar has where you rank your choices and then when a movie is eliminated, that person's second, third, fourth go get attributed to the other movies. So it's designed to build consensus among the voters. And I think Consensus will go, will benefit the more the broader movies like The Complete Unknown or Wicked or something that is less polarizing. That's Fantasy's theory for a Complete Unknown, which I don't think anyone thinks is a, I do, I'm on the record on the Town saying as the A complete as the best film. It could be a shocker, it could be the shocker of Oscars probably the biggest shocker.


No, Some people are on the, some people are on the record that it could win. But I don't think anybody thinks it was the best film of 2024. Well What is the best film? I mean come on. I don't know. This is all subject come on. Pretty traditional. I enjoyed it a lot. I thought it was a delightful afternoon at the Movies. I like the performances. The performances were great. The Music's Great. Movie's fine. You're watching, you're like, holy shit, these are all Bob Dylan songs. These are all, this is great. But I, I thought it was good. It's not like life changing, it's just a pleasant time of the movies and that to me that's enough. I think it's gonna win. Think it's so 20. You think so? It's like 23 to one. Yeah. 'cause Fantasy was explaining that preferential treatment thing to me last week and these movies are too polarizing that are in there And I just think the way the voting works, everyone's gonna have complete unknown in the top five.


Maybe it's four, maybe it's three. Agreed. A couple people would be like, I liked it the most. It's my one and it's just gonna kinda rack up votes. But it feels like I thought Coda, we, we all bet on Coda, which we talked about. Like I, it just, that just seems to Oscar to me that year. 'cause the year was so confusing and it was like, well everybody liked this movie. Complete known kind of feels like that year. No, I get it. But complete known just feels people like Shaima I could see winning. Anyway, this thing I'm looking at now, it's like 23 to one. Yeah. Well and keep in mind though, the, the Producer's Guild uses preferential ballot and that one went to a Nora, so it can benefit there. So do you think Shala may wins as we head toward it?


That is the biggest question. It's Shaima Adrian Brody with Ray Fines from conclave as the dark horse. Yeah. And I, I honestly, I do think Shaima is gonna win. I think that what we saw last year with, with Emma Stone beating Lily Gladstone. Yeah. Emma Stone from Poor Things beating Lily Gladstone from Killers of the Flower Moon. I think that the, the voters like Hollywood is so desperate for young stars now. Yeah. That like it when there is someone that you can rally behind, people will go for it. Like there's just, you know, Adrian Brody has an Oscar already. Ray finds like great actor, but like, is he the future of Hollywood?


No, I just feel like Chalamet, he, he has sort of stumbled into this amazing career and he's both box office bankable and a good actor and sort of likable and like dates Kylie Jenner and is like a celebrity in the old school way. Yeah. I just feel like he's got the package people want to endorse and it's the way to honor the movie And it would be the most fun speech. Oh, for sure. He's very well, very fines. Are you kidding me? He'll thank his agent and his wife and be off, you know, Shaima, who knows what he'll do. The shocking thing to me is at least in the odds that I'm saying that Demi Moore is the favorite for the substance over Mikey Madison.


Who I thought, I just thought Mikey Madison was a lock. I that was the best performance I saw all year. Yeah, But the, but this is a career performance thing. Like I get it. Weren't you shocked when I tell you that Demi Moore has never been nominated for an Oscar? Doesn't that shock you? I thought of her about last night. She should have won Or ghost like Whoopi Wins. You didn't even blink. I was kidding about, about last night. I do love her. And about last, no, About last night is a, I mean, that that is, that is a Be careful. It's a great movie. Be careful. I honestly, I haven't seen it in probably 20 years. But Do you think the Amelia Perez lady would've won without the, without all the stuff that happened? Was she The favorite or not? Probably the, to me more is a, is a classic example of the academy rallying around someone who is, it's not necessarily their best foot forward, but it's about time.


And this person should have been nominated in the past and it's about longevity. Like she stuck it out and she got a movie role that was worthy of her. Finally, she gave a great speech at the Golden Globes, which I think was very strategic, talking about how she was not taken seriously and how she had to persevere. The movie itself is about this desire to be young and to be relevant and to stay in the mix. She has the whole narrative around her. And I honestly think a lot of Academy voters won't even watch the movie and will vote for her. I like the movie that happens And I, I understand why they had to play the last half hour the way they did, but it was not a fun last half hour.


I would just say that. No, it's, and and honestly most, not most, I think a lot of people will turn, turn it off. But it's an excessive movie to say the least. But I it was memorable. Yeah. I would never watch She's great. It, it's not gonna be in the re watchable, I'll tell you that much. And then we call and Brian, Honestly that Mike Mikey Madison while is she's amazing. I would absolutely vote for her if she doesn't win, it's because she's too new. She's not in Shamima territory where she's a star. Yeah. And we want to endorse her. Like she'll have her chance. It'll be the Austin Butler moment where he ended up losing to Brendan Fraser because Brendan Frazier had the narrative around him.


He's a, you know, a stalwart actor who's done good work, finally had a moment in a movie that mattered and they gave him the Oscar. It'll be the same thing if Mikey Madison loses to Demi Moore. It's tough when that was clearly the best performance of the year other than maybe shala me. Yeah, She's good. For me, it was like the two performances that jumped out to me this year from everything I saw were those two. I I, I'll be a little controversial here. I thought Zoe Saldana in Amelia Perez was fantastic. Mm. Okay. Singing, dancing, playing that, that character, she's the lead of the movie. They put her in supporting because they thought Carla Gascon would be the lead and they'd have a chance to get her and Oscar there.


But I think, I think Zoe Salani is amazing in that movie. Bald Verse Lively Ken Kendrick verse Drake 2024 set up 2025, the Year of the Beef. We can talk about what other beefs we want, but this just about Doni Blake Lively thing is the kind of story that would happen in like the eighties and nineties. And you'd read like a Premier magazine or spy or Vanity Fair in 1994, some giant feature about it. And you'd just be like, what the hell is happening? I know now keeps Out in real time. It keeps going and going. Yeah. In real Time now we're getting daily updates and they're, they're put, they're setting up websites to attack each other.


I mean it, it is the difference between the Kendrick and Drake beef and this Baldoni gate that I'm calling it. There's a winner in the Kendrick Drake debate. I mean, Kendrick won, I mean, yeah, very clearly he won the beef. I don't think there's a winner in Baldoni Blake. Like They're both just losers. They're Both, they're both losers. They are both. I, I think Ryan Reynolds and Blake Lively misplayed their hand here. They thought that they were gonna go after this guy and they were just gonna shut him down with this New York Times piece. And you know, she was gonna be able to get her reputation back. 'cause the stuff that came out during that press tour for it ends with us. It didn't hurt the movie. The movie grows $300 million.


That's the whole joke of this. I think it actually dropped the movie. Yeah, it helped a Movie. She should have just like walked away, gone their separate ways and like let it lie. It was the Biggest movie she'd had in like eight years. Oh. Brought her back. She was super hot after that. She was doing, she was doing like shark movies in the mid 2000 tens. She was, She was, but she did take a hit on the branding side because of some of the videos and things that came out and they looked at that and they're like, this is bullshit. This guy is out there seeding the internet with negativity they believe and they went after him to try to get her name back. I don't think that that worked. I think that the long drawn out process here. Keep in mind, Baldoni has a rich guy behind him, an investor in his company, like a Peter Thiel Gawker Kind situation, not a Peter Teal style guy, but he's got, I forget his name, but he's got an investor in his company that is super wealthy and can afford to litigate against people like Ryan Reynolds and Blake Lively.


He's got this lawyer, Bri Brian Friedman, who is a attack dog and his specialty is fighting for people's reputations as well as their legal rights. So he's not gonna lie down here and just let them run over him. They thought that they could go to the New York Times, get the Harvey Weinstein reporter to do this expose, and then he would bow down and probably settle and send, you know, give Blake Lively the rights to do a sequel to this movie. And he would go away. He's not going away. And they have just been slinging mud at each other. And I don't think either of them is benefiting. Well, you, I mean, this is your background. Even before you got into what you're doing now, All the legal ram.


Yeah, I was a lawyer. I used to handle these cases. Yeah. There's real defamation potential here that, you know, the whole thing is you have to prove somebody had malicious intent with whatever they're doing. It can't be like, oh, I had this throwaway line on a podcast and then, yeah, I shouldn't have said that. This is like you, malicious intent is the key. And it feels like there's malicious intent in this, which is what's so interesting. There has to be actual malice is the standard or reckless disregard for the truth. And the, the other element is it's gotta be false. If, if it's just unflattering, it doesn't matter. It has to be false. And I think in many of these cases, the stuff that was resurfaced by B'S team allegedly was old interviews of Blake Lively speaking in her own voice.


So that's not false. It may be unflattering and, and there's some other stuff that they say was false, but it's very unclear who would actually win if this case ever does go to trial. Because the causation here, even if you're hiding, even if you're hiring shady characters to see the internet with unflattering comments, is that actionable? I was thinking more the New York Times piece of it. Oh, you mean what the New York Times published and whether that's defamation, Like I think these two are Gonna, that BS case. No, that I don't believe that's real. I don't think, I don't think the New York Times would lose a defamation case for going with a story based on interviews with a subject and a legal proceeding that was actually filed.


Okay. Like, because it seemed like that, like part of his case was they only took one side of this exchange. Sure. They had all access to all this. They only decided to print this and that, that got into interesting territory. Just reading about it, I was like, ah, there's something. I could see the case. But, but again, the standard is whether the reporting was false. Right? Was it false? You could argue that it, it was slanted. You could argue that it may even be misleading. Yeah. If you don't include the full context of something. But was it, does it rise to the level of defamation? And should the New York Times have known and did they purposefully disregard certain facts right, in order to create a portrait of this guy that was false or, or misleading?


I I'm not, I mean, we, during the discovery process, we will see what comes out. But from the complaint itself, I'm not convinced that the, that baldon has a case against the times. So You, you think this is basically a nuclear war where both sides just blew each other up? Yes. And there's no winners, there's no losers. It's not even a zero sum game. My advice to them both is settle now, go away for six months and then come back, like do some settlement agreement where they agree to never say each other's names again. They will never be in the same room and they can try to salvage their reputations afterward. Because I don't Sot Baldoni actually by doing everything he's done actually like, was able to get under equal playing field again, because before this felt like he was gonna end his career.


Depends on who you talk to. I I think that, that his campaign has helped him after the New York Times piece mean, keep in mind when that piece came out, his agency dropped him. He had a bunch of movies set up that went away. Like that New York Times piece did actually hurt him a lot. So understandably he returned fire. The the the end result now though is that they are just like machine gunning each other from 10 feet away and they're, they're killing each other. There's a Taylor Swift piece too, that's kind of fun. Oh my God.


I mean, do you believe that she's masterminding the whole thing? I don't, no, I don't, No, I I do think that she's probably, she probably encouraged it from the beginning. Everything that she has done in her career has been to stand up for herself, go on the offensive, you know, fight back. If she's, especially against, if there's, if there's a, a guy who's been mistreating her in the public, she's gonna fight back. And she probably said to to Blake, fuck this guy. Go after him. Well, I don't know if you know this, but Blake Loudly has my wife and daughter's support because both of them have landed on, I don't like that guy's face as the reason to side on against bald. So there you go. I did enjoy that the paparazzi happened to see him on vacation with his family and happened to photograph him shirtless in a, like, beefcake pose.


And those photos happened to be circulated about how he was spending time with his family on vacation. Jesus. So that's the, it does feel the machinations going on here. That's the really interesting thing is just the whole underground PR world with these crisis people are fighting for the, essentially the share of mindsets of people online. And that to me is a new world in crisis pr That is pretty fascinating. And something you've been writing about and talking about for the last couple years, some PR people who are just absolute Barracuda And I, Some of them are in this Oh, I know everybody involved here. Yeah, I know the woman that the, the woman who ed him, Steph Jones, who also rep Tom Brady has a, I mean she is just the worst.


Yeah, the worst. She slimed me. Yeah. Like I, I just, the the level of depravity of some of these crisis PR people is, is, I mean, you think it's a low and then they go lower. What was the best crisis PR TV show ever? A couple of people have taken swings at this Scandal. I mean, that was a lawyer, but Scandal was good. They had, remember there was the Courtney Cox one or she Was a, that was the one I was thinking of still feels like this is Fertile. She was like editor of like an US Weekly type, right? Yeah, Yeah. And then Kendrick Drake, is that over? Do people care anymore? Is this gonna be it or is or is there like another level to this? I mean, Drake's gotta fight back, right? He's got an album. I know, But it's, it feels like it just keeps going and going.


Does Hollywood Care? No. It's a music industry thing. Okay. But I think that, I think that people in the music industry definitely care. Certainly Universal Music Group cares. 'cause they rep, they have both of them on their label and they got sued by one of their own artists for definition. That story Is nuts. Where where do you stand on the NFL certainly cared. They wouldn't let him say pedophile on the Super Bowl. They also stuck up for him though. They let, I mean I think there were some lawsuits behind the scene that they, they kind of aligned with Kendrick. Maybe. I, I mean it's pretty remarkable that that Super Bowl performance aired like that is, it was a Yeah. Openly political, you know, a a a dis track.


A I mean the fact that would've never aired on the Super Bowl 10 years ago or How about four years Ago, maybe even four years ago. I, yeah, I I just feel like that the fact that that that, and, and you know, his, his fans loved it. I think there were probably a lot of like older like white people in America who like didn't get it or I could feel him in the Superdome. Yeah, exactly. Trump, you could feel the energy. Some people like Donald Yeah. Donald Trump not rocking along to, to Kendrick said he was not. But honestly, that's kind of great. Like, I kinda love that that happened on the Super Bowl. Speaking of Trump, Hollywood during the second Trump term, very different versus the, versus the first Trump term.


What are the, what are the differences you're seeing early on here? I, I think Hollywood is sort of in this weird place where, where people just don't know what's going on. The, the whole like vibe shift people talk about, about all the culture is changing and all these, you know, deis under attack and all the whole diversity movements under attack. Like Hollywood people are I think a little more cautious to speak out against Trump than they were the first time around where the whole resistance movement and there was Yeah. You know, he barely won. And you know, there was this, this feeling of of, you know, this this, this guy squeaked into the White House and who is he? And the chaos now that Trump has been more normalized, I feel like Hollywood is kind of figuring out how to respond.


And you've got these big media companies that are like openly paying him off. I mean, Well that's what my question. Is there more, is there more fear of him this time around with some of the decisions big companies are making? 'cause it feels like there is totally, Totally. I mean this, this, this is a, a president that's like purely transactional. It's what are you doing for me and Disney, which had this open lawsuit with Trump over the George Stephanopoulos claims on GMA, they just said, you know what, it's not worth dealing with it. We're gonna pay him $15 million, settle this. And if I'm Bob Iger, that's kind of an easy decision because the last thing you want with this president is to have a politicized brand. Disney thrives on being a non-political brand and it had been politicized by Trump and others.


So just pay him off and he'll leave you alone. We saw today Disney put out a revise on their DEI initiatives to change their diversity language to more like talent focused to kind of soften what they are doing in the diversity space. I think a lot of Hollywood companies are looking at Disney and what they're doing to see where they are gonna go on this. They don't wanna get sued by the Justice Department because they are looking to make shows with, you know, diverse people of color voices. They, they, they wanna avoid any problems like that. And now we've got this Paramount sale, paramount, the, the studio is for sale. Actually, they have a deal. They, they're selling to David Ellison and Trump is now threatening to hold that up based on the 60 Minutes interview with Kamala Harris on CBS, which he claims was biased.


So there's a whole, there's a whole like dealing with Trump issue now in Hollywood that I think people don't really know how to deal with. Yeah. And what happens, like what happens if he goes to Disney and he is just take him off the air. I'm just gonna cause incredible amounts of trouble the next four years or, or what if he goes through Paramount and says, Colbert's gotta go for me to even think about doing this. So all this would be bad for James baby Doll Dixon, by the way. But It would be then that's where I look at everything through the, the lens of good or bad For baby doll. But what ha what happens if he makes that part of the thing? And and would somebody stand up to him or would they be like, ah, all right.


Something like that where if if the, the president said, I want you to fire Stephen Colbert, something like that, I think they would probably stand up against, but it's the more nuance. Are You sure? I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. But it's like, you think like they pay a hundred million a year for the show, it gets out, but it's like, oh, we were thinking about pushing my, like they could spin it a certain way. They could, but Trump would probably brag about it and then who's next? And then it's a purge. Would you be surprised? I I would be surprised with that. I think if you are running a media company, you have to think bigger picture than that. And what's the implications for a move like that?


Something like what Sherry Redstone is dealing with right now at Paramount, where Trump has this $20 billion lawsuit against CBS news over the Kamala Harris interview. Yeah. Everybody I have talked to in the legal world that it is a totally bullshit lawsuit would never win. Yeah. But Trump is doubling down. He's screaming about it on social media. So if you're Sherry Redstone and you can get rid of this by donating $20 million to the Trump Presidential library and it doesn't, and it, it takes away a threat to your $8 billion merger with Skydance that you want. I think that's an easy answer. You do that, you pay 'em $20 million and you make that go away.


That that is the, that's more like the, the kinds of stuff that's gonna go on. Do you think the horrific fires and everything we're going through here in Southern California is gonna change at all the way Hollywood thinks about it? Southern California thinks about Hollywood as a business because I always felt like it was shipped in that like so many people are filming stuff outside of LA and California because the tax breaks are so much better in Canada. You go to freaking South Africa, you go to Atlanta and it always seemed like missed money. And I, I wonder are they gonna start thinking outside the box with stuff like that and maybe trying to bring people back? I I think they already are. I mean there's this proposal in California to double the tax credits and that was a Gavin Newsom thing that he put in place after the strikes 'cause the strike.


Yeah. I mean production was already really hurting in the area. Oh yeah. And the strikes were awful and they had this, you know, go up to about 700 and something million in tax credits, which would be good, but wouldn't change the calculus for most productions. I mean, they're shooting reality shows outside of California now because the economics are so much better. It's crazy that Rob Lowe game show. Yeah. The the game show for people who can't read that, that that aired after the Super Bowl, that that thing shoots, I believe in Ireland because it's just cheaper to go there and fly all those people there. And that's what I think the movement now within the industry is to try to use some of the momentum from the fires.


I hate to use that word momentum when you're talking about fire aftermath, but there is this recognition that if you, they want the industry to come back in LA there's going to need to be investment. So I think that there will be a, a state investment. I don't know about federal. I mean you never know what Trump and them are gonna do, but statewide, yes. And then some of these companies, you know, imagine the goodwill if Disney or Universal, one of these said, you know what, not only are we gonna make five more movies in LA but we're gonna build a sound stage in Altadena and it's gonna employ, you know, 300 people and Right. Provide jobs that people don't have to go to Bulgaria for the summer to, to do their jobs in movies.


And I think there'd be a lot of goodwill around that. You know, ultimately push comes to shove its money and if the economics make sense, they'll do it. But there is momentum now to at least make the economics better. That's what I'm really hoping for. And I, you know, most people aren't gonna care about this, but I, we both know so many people who you're making content and you're traveling to these crazy places and you're away from your family for four or five months and it's just like, why are we doing it this way? Why aren't we filming as much that you watch those I know TV shows and movies from the seventies and eighties and everything's in LA and why, like, why can't we get back to that? And this is not a new thing, but it has become more pronounced as the incentive to exit has gotten bigger.


Some of the, I mean, you shoot in the UK it's like a 40% rebate on everything on star salaries. Star salaries are currently excluded in California, so you can't get a rebate on paying Tom Cruise $20 million. But in the uk poor Tom In the uk, you can get 40% of that back. And you know, like everybody I know is impacted Lucas, Lucas Shaw, my Monday guy on the town, his fiance is in Chicago for a month, a bunch of months because they're shooting a show she's producing and they're, they got credits to do it there. I sat next to somebody at one of the dodger playoff games. He is like, yeah, I'm about to go to South Africa filming this BET show. And I'm like, is it like set in South Africa?


He's like, no, no, it's just cheaper to shoot there. I'm like, what? You're, you've multiple kids. It's going way, it is just, I, they feel like they have to fix that. Meanwhile, the only people that have figured out business in LA is the Dodgers. Oh, Who you noticed my hack Who ruined ba I know. I, we have to end on that. They've ruined baseball. They figured out how to make Japan the second revenue stream they've owned. They now own Japan and California. All of which, and baseball's no longer fun. You've ruined it completely. All, All revenue streams that are readily available to any major league baseball team. I know. Should they choose to invest in their own teams? It's Too late now. They, it's basically like the Japan Dodgers is a, is a wrap, but you just get everybody now Listen, we'll see, you know, best laid plans a lot of by, by the midseason.


We might have five pitchers on the Do You feel good about this? Like you really feel good about rigging the system like this? Would I not? You feel, why would I not? I mean, honestly, as long as you can sleep at night, honestly, I I get it, I get it that other teams are upset about this, but this is not a, like they're they're not cheating. These are the rules. No, it's true. You can do what you want to do. And you know, now that football's over everybody in LA it's mooky bets season for everybody in LA except one guy. You, This is what I would say if I rooted for the team that was ruining a professional sport in real time, I would say, Hey, these are the rules. Sorry, I get it, I get it. But we've won one championship. Yeah. We get, we won the 2020 championship in, you know, sort of booby prize fashion.


It doesn't guarantee anything. And no, if the Dodgers want to pay that they are making so much money by investing. Yes. They have a great local TV deal. Yeah. Yes. They have private equity owners that can structure these deals in a way that defers all this money and they can make that work. But this is not some system that is out of reach for most of these owners. They are choosing not to invest. And if your owner chooses not to invest, scream at your owner. Now I'm not actually mad at the Dodgers. The Lakers are the team that makes me mad. And if you're like the Equippers and you've really thought outside the box, you build this awesome arena, it's started, there's finally a a, a signs of the end with the Lakers with LeBron hitting 40.


And you just, they they, they don't have any draft picks left. Like they're just gonna suck. They're not very, you know, especially well run. It's like, here we go. We actually have a chance to maybe take this. It's way more fun to go to a clipper game and then one That arena's great In one dumb trade. The Lakers are back. Luca's gonna be the guy now for the next 10 years and none of it matters. And Luca will be the biggest star in LA in basketball. Do you think so? I do. I do. And the, there's no way for the Clippers to combat that. Like Luca's, so You don't, you don't subscribe to this whole theory that the NBA is suffering because Americans don't root for the foreign players like they do for the American players. Well We're they're about to, because Luca just went to their most important franchise.


Well that's, we're gonna see a big test. This is it. It's not even a test. He's gonna be gigantically popular. Do you think Luca can get to LeBron levels of fandom? I don't. It's an interesting question. I think if it's gonna happen, this is the team for it to happen. Okay. And if, and if the trade can light the fire under him and make him truly great and he can win like three titles in a row and average 30 a game and be the best guy in the league, like, yeah, that's gonna happen. We, we would've said it wasn't gonna happen with LeBron. There was a whole LeBron versus Kobe thing in oh 8, 0 9 2010. He goes to Miami the first year he sucks in the finals. It seemed, it seemed like it wasn't gonna happen for him.


Like you just never know. Luca has the talent. I would defer to you, I will defer to you on, you know, all things NBA, but I just have a hard time believing there's gonna be appetite for Luca to star in a Space Jam sequel. Yeah, but nobody saw the Space Jam sequel. It bugged well, But he got a green lid. He got a green lid and people were buying shows from him for a while and Yeah. And Now you know, Steph Curry has a production company and people think he's a media personality. I just don't know that the foreign players have as much cache as the US born players. We people relate to More. We talked this many times in the pod. We have not seen it happen yet. I think if it doesn't happen in this case with a guy on the Lakers.


Yeah. You know, Mo especially if he becomes really good. I still like anecdotally just, I'm sure you feel the same like all the LA fans are going bonkers. Yeah. Like they can't believe. So this will be the test case And I think this was the best possible guy for them to get. It's funny, we're talking about the appeal of foreign players when, who's the biggest star in LA right now? Shhe. Tani. Right. And like no one seems to give a shit that he doesn't even speak English. I know he does, but not very much. And like my kid, you know, has three Tani jerseys. Like the fricking bobblehead night with That's gonna be Luca. It was, It was like the Beatles. So let's, let's end on this. Any LA celebrity, athlete, actor, musician, actress, you name it, walks into a restaurant right now in February, 2025.


Who stops the restaurant the hardest? Oh, Taylor Swift. Okay, so she's clear. Number one, she's Clearly the number one most famous celebrity in the world. The most. Like you're, you're in mid bite and you're just like, oh my god, it's Taylor Swift. So she's one. So who's two? Two is a tougher question. I mean, I think it's generational if it's for you and me, Leo. Right, Right. So you're saying 25 and under, maybe it's Shaima Shaima maybe, or Zendaya. I don't think it's Shaima. Oh, Zendaya's a good one. Yeah. Or maybe, maybe a music star. Honestly, the music stars are just so much bigger. There's No football star. I don't think Mahomes does it. No, No.


Mahomes is boring. And maybe someone like Selena Gomez for young people, she's just so immensely popular and she means nothing to me. And I don't even really like, I don't really get her as an actress, but for young people she means a ton. Same with Zendaya beyond that. Like it's just so generational Now. Tom Cruise probably the biggest movie movie star Out there. It's so funny that Taylor has this locked up and like a crazy, crazy, maybe nobody in the 21st century has locked it up like this. Can you think of anyone else? No. No. I'd say probably most famous person in the world other than like the Beyonce Or Donald Trump.


Beyonce second Beyonces a huge, no, I saying for as number two, Maybe Beyonce's a huge star, but Beyonce doesn't actually sell that many albums anymore. She's, you know, Taylor was the, had the number one album of last year and the number one tour and is the number one, you know, celebrity on paparazzi radar. So I think know the guy who's she just in another league, The guy who's figured out the best, the best version of a celebrity is Mookie Bits. He lives in, lives in la So there's a Cajillion celebrities here. He's not that big. Like, he's like 5 9, 5 10, looks like a Regular dude. He Slides in, he just goes to Laker games, he goes to like clipper games.


He can just go anywhere. And you kind of don't even really know it's Mooky bets. He, he has it the best He can bowl a 300, right? He c he, he makes $300 million. He and he makes a $300 million contract and he just has a kick ass house in the valley and lives his life. You know, he's pretty great. You know who's up there in a stop The restaurant party standpoint. I talked about the Sun Sunday night as Shaq just 'cause of the size and how recognizable he is. Yeah, the NBA guys obviously have advantage. It's the huge advantage. Brady has it too. Brady's like six. Six. So when he comes in he's like six inches, nine inches taller than everybody. And you just notice him, you Know, and you can also probably push him over. Light Breeze would push him over these Days.


Come on. Alright, Matt B Dean. I know you're friends. Can you tell him to eat a sandwich please? Not friends with Brady. No. Him. No. Yeah, I'm not. You just Idolized him Matt, Eh? Well did Once Upon a time. Did yeah. I listen. If he were, if he played for my team, I would idolize him too. Matt Bella, you can listen to him on the town. You can read him on the puck. An excellent website. And then what else? Anything. That's it. What else? I don't know. That's it. That's it. Okay. Yeah. Listen to the town. Listen. Read my puck newsletter called what I'm hearing. That's it. Someday. Someday. Craig Beck will stop a restaurant.


Someday he will be. It's gonna happen soon. It may. It may. It needs more risky May TGF Friday. Thanks Melanie. Thank you. Alright, That's it for the podcast. Thanks to Brian Curtis and Matt Bella. Thanks to Sir Rudy and Kyle and Geha as well. Don't forget you can watch this on the Bill Simmons YouTube channel. You can also watch this on Spotify. I hope you did. Because we're going video podcasts from now on, on Spotify and new re watchable as we put up on Monday night at the Blues Brothers. If you missed it, I will have another podcast for you on Thursday. Enjoy the middle of the week.