
Welcome to Bill Simmons podcast. Before we get to the pod, wanna talk about Kyrie Irving and the Dallas Mavericks in this crazy situation, Kyrie out for the year towards ACL. It came out today and Kyrie is, I've had a rollercoaster ride with her over the years where didn't really like him on Cleveland. LeBron showed up, really liked him, didn't like him as much. Came to my favorite team, was all in. It ended, it couldn't ended worse, became probably my least favorite basketball player. Goes to Brooklyn, that goes terrible, goes to Dallas, you guys are so stupid. And then over the last two years, or last maybe year and a half, I really grew to like him as a basketball player. I liked the, I liked how he talked about everything, how he took some responsibility.


It was like everything I wanted from an athlete. I really liked watching him And I grew to respect and like him as a player. And they make this Luca trade. It is the least popular, most shocking, most indefensible trade in the history of the league. It's getting worse by the day. The fans are just so angry. They are like scorn lovers, multiplied by a hundred. They raised the season ticket prices this week. Everybody goes nuts. Again, this is the angriest fan base that we've had in a while. And here's Kyrie, who's, by the way, they're putting crazy minutes on him. He's in the 2010 draft or 2011 draft. He's been in the league for a while.


He is a point guard. He's playing the last six weeks, 38.7 minutes, which led the league. So they're throwing this huge burden on a guy who hasn't exactly been Cal Ripkin Jr. And, and they're talking about how they rebuilt themselves. This was about a title window They trade for Davis. He gets hurt in the first game. They put this crazy load on Kyrie, he breaks down, it's after the trade deadline. They have their first round pick next year. And what we've seen with this injury over the years is it's, it's almost a two year injury. You lose the guy this year, but even when he comes back, we saw this happen with Jamal Murray in Denver. They're not either, they don't come back the season after or when they come back.


They're not, you know, not, not the same person. So you almost have to think you lose a year and a half. They don't have control of their own pick from 27 to 30. And on top of this, they have to watch Luca, who's already rejuvenated. You can see it. Who, when we talk about face of the league, face of the league, like Luca on the most famous basketball franchise we have all due respect to the Celtics. You can watch City documentary, but the Lakers, I think are the, the premier franchise in the league. The Celtics are the most successful. The Lakers are in la. They've had the most stars Luca's in there. Now. There's an energy that's completely different at these games.


And the Maverick fans who already got kicked in the nuts with this trade in the worst way I think we've ever seen in basketball, now they have to watch this guy blossom as their team already just fell apart. And you know, I tweeted this earlier today And I really, I really mean it. I went to those three, 2011 finals games in Dallas. When they came back and they beat Miami, they actually lost the first game, which was Dwayne Wade, I think the best game I've ever seen 'em play. And then they come back, they win game four, they win game five. And a big reason they won those games was their crowd was incredible. I don't know where they rank in the best basketball fan bases, but for me they're in the top seven.


And you know what, I used to love the Warriors fan base even before the Curry stuff happened. There's the Knicks. No matter how bad the teams were, if you went to a game and they liked the team, it was just a great place to see a game. You could feel the love. And I, I really feel like the Dallas fans, everything they had built from 1980 on like had gotten to that level. They, they really loved this team. They appreciated Dirk, they really wanted him to come through. And then in those, those three games, especially the last two, and they started to shift the narrative on Dirk and you could just really feel the love and, and the pure euphoria. And then Luca shows up, becomes their guy and they're like, we're in, we have 20 year season tickets for this dude.


We'll buy his jerseys. We love this guy. This is our guy. We'll, we'll have some ups and downs, maybe he won't always be in shape, but this guy's special and we're gonna win the title with him and it's gonna be amazing. And the trade pulled that away. They're still pissed about it. Now you have this and this situation is now so bad. We were joking after it happened that the, the real reason the family that owns the team did this is because they wanted to sabotage basketball in Dallas and move it to Vegas, move the team to Vegas because the Dallas team, the Dallas fans would hate them so much that you'd almost have to move. It was almost like there's a precedent of this. Like George Chin and Charlotte, he, his name became so bad in Charlotte that he actually moved the team to New Orleans.


It's obviously ridiculous, it would never happen. But that, but the reinjury on, on, on top of everything else is the first time where I started thinking to myself, holy shit like that, that's actually how bad this might get. Where they might have to be like, Hey, can we have the Vegas expansion team instead and we'll just sell Dallas and maybe, or make Dallas the expansion team, or we'll move operations to Vegas and you can make Dallas the expansion team and then call it the Mavericks and keep it the history. That's how bad this is. And I'm really feeling for the Mavs today because the combo of that trade losing Davis in his first game and then losing Kyrie for a year and a half probably it's, I, I honestly can't think of another NBA situation like this where a fan base has taken in the teeth like this.


So shout out to them. I think it's a sad basketball day because Kyrie was playing great. I loved watching them. This really feels like this kills the Mavericks now for the rest of the decade. So wanted to mention at the top, let's get to the rest of the podcast.


This episode is brought to you by Nissan. If you're planning on an adventurous 2025, you're gonna need a car that can keep up with you and conquer anything in your path. The Nissan Armada Pro four x is that car with a twin turbo V six engine ready to propel your adventures. Up to 8,500 pounds of towing capacity to haul all your favorite toys and space for eight passengers. This unshakeable fortress will chew up and spit out anything you throw at it. Learn more at the all new 2025 Nissan Armada at Nissan usa.com. Towing capacity varies by configuration. See Nissan Towing Guide and Owner's manual for additional information. Always secure cargo.


I hope you stayed 'cause I have football on the Oscars of Gene Hackman. Coming up next.


This episode is brought to you by vrbo, private Vacation Rentals with vrbo. You always get the whole house so you and your fellow fans can cheer on your team in peace. What's worse than watching a game with somebody who's not rooting for the same team? You're rooting for nothing. But that's why if you book a vacation house with vrbo, you know all the people in your house, they'll be friends, they'll be family. Ideally they'll be the ones who also root for my teams. Plan a winning vacation, make it a vrbo.


We're also brought to you by The Ringer Podcast Network. Put up a new re watchable on Monday night. We did Rocky. That's right, the original Rocky, the Oscar winning Rocky, the movie that made Sliced alone an a plus list superstar that created the template for all sports movies. That was me and Chris Ryan and Van Lathan. You can watch that as a video podcast on Spotify. You can also watch it on The Ringer Movies YouTube channel. I also, another podcast. This week we did the episode three Recap of the White Lotus. You can find that on the Prestige TV podcast. You can find all the clips and videos from this podcast in the Bill Simmons YouTube channel.


And you can watch us. I hope you're watching us as a video podcast. So we launched the first episode of Celtic City yesterday on HBO First of nine episodes. You can also watch it on Max. Please check it out. The feedback's been awesome, thanks to everybody who reached out. You know, this is, if you care about basketball, you care about sports history. My hope of this stuff is you, you could potentially get sucked in if something is just really well done. And I think our thing is really well done And I think the early feedback is that people are like, wow, I learned a lot. This is fucking awesome to watch. When's the next one? So it's once a week.


Check it out. Celtic City on HBO and Max, Coming up on this podcast, I'm gonna talk to our old friend Peter Schrager. What he found out at the combine is there draft stuff, free agent stuff, who has the bleakest situation in the league. We're hitting all that. And then Wesley Morris comes on to review the, the Oscars to talk about the movie year we just had. And really to talk about Gene Hackman. 'cause we, we had to get in that as well though. We did a lot of Demi Moore stuff too. And then he's gonna give us his favorite TV show at the end. It's all next first. Our friends from Pro, all right, taping this on a Tuesday morning Pacific time.


Peter Schrager is here, haven't talked to him in a while. He was just at the combine. A lot of people are saying he was the one that broke up the Starbucks fight. I don't think he got a lot of credit for that. You were like third man in just trying, trying to keep peace at an Indianapolis Starbucks combine crazy place. You love it, love it. Is this like your, it is that your favorite week of the year? It's the best. It's the best because you see something on TV and you're like, all right, it's a bunch of people in their underwear working out and like, it's not even 1% of what Combine Week is. And I would advise any young aspiring NFL journalist, any NFL fan to like go go for a couple days. Because as much as it's about the on-field drills, like you will bump into Mike Tomlin at a restaurant, you will see, you know, Sean Peyton just, you know, having a private meeting with an agent out in the open in front of that JW Marriott, Starbucks, which by the way is, it's like literally going to like Times Square and starting a fight when it's at combat.


That's like the hub of everything, right? That jw. So like 10 teams are at the jw, every media members at the JW and for that interaction or that altercation or whatever it is to happen at that Starbucks, you know, obviously the irony of Jordan Schultz's father being the longtime CEO of Starbucks is one thing. But yeah, to do it there in that public of a forum, like I got texts from, you know, NFL coach, NFL gm, three agents, four different media members that like, oh there was just something. So that is the crossroads of all things it be, Yeah, so it was Jordan Schultz and Ian Rappaport two two NFL insiders, for lack of a better word. And it would've been funnier if it was 'cause Rappaport made some sort of crack about your dad cost Seattle the sonics.


And that was like, it was like way more deep seated, but it just seemed like some insider kerfuffle. The big thing I'm looking at, and there's already been some buzz about the Giants trading up, I don't know, do you feel like it was true that the Giants could have had Stafford and they had the draft pick compensation, rich Eisman reported that yesterday. Do we feel like that is a hundred percent accurate that the Rams were just ready to trade Stafford to the Giants or No, no, I, I, I think that the Giants had the parameters in place and were willing to engage, but the Rams never went down that road in such a formal fashion. So Right. They had conversations essentially Stafford couldn't shop himself to any of these teams, not a free agent. So what the Rams did was they gave Jimmy Sexton his agent who's, you know, big power.


He is Nick Saban's agent, he is Parcell's agent, like a big agent. The ability to go look at what the market would be and the Giants were obviously interested and the trade Companies. But not, not for the first round pick though, right? No, it probably sent like a second or third. It wouldn't likely. And I know it from all angles 'cause of my relationship with McVay, but also my relationship with Stafford. So it was, you know, go see what's out there and what destinations could be possible. And it came down to basically the Raiders being very interested in the Giants and what I think the trade compensation would've been would've been Giants give up their second round pick, which is the 34th pick and then the Rams give back a third round and Stafford. But then Stafford would need to tear up the contract and have a massive contract, which would've been paying him close to $15 million more per year than what he's out essentially gonna play for with the Rams.


And at the end of the day, like they went down this road and as it dragged on day by day by day, I think at one point, like on Wednesday, I was like, wow, it might actually happen and it might actually the Raiders or the Giants. But then by Thursday when I got word that like Stafford and McVay were having breakfast at six 30 in the morning in la I'm like, it's done. Like, and this conversation started back at Super Bowl whether that was like some of the rumors And I got caught in a little bit of shit because I was interviewed and caught off guard and it was like, what do you think about Stafford and the Rams? And I'm like, I just know this, that they're gonna have to have conversations and figure out a new contract. But also I know that McVay loves Jimmy G and that set off like an entire like ah, like Oh you got aggregated, Got aggregated.


But if they were to move on from Stafford, which cooler heads prevailed. Like they had backup plans. Yeah, they had Jimmy G and then all the reports are accurate that Rogers could have very well been the next quarterback. Oh my. In the Los Angeles Rams. Oh my, yeah, I it, I mean the Giants are so stupid. What's the point in trading for Stafford? Whatcha are gonna win the Super Bowl in the next three years? Like that's, there's nothing you're gonna give up a possible starter slash all pro in a second round because you wanna go's seven and 10. What Was the alternative? What's the alternative like at, They think they're a quarterback away from being relevant. And I don't think it's that far off. Like I look at their team, what I I, well I mean it they they get Andrew Thomas back at offensive tackle and then last year Neighbors, oh I, I didn't realize neighbors, I'm bumping them up to 11 wins.


They aren't they in the same division with Washington? Philly? They're confident that this team is not that far off and that the quarterback play was the piece. The fuck. Here, come on. Well let's see. You can't believe that. Why not? They've got a, you've got first round picks all over the offensive line. They've got Malik neighbors and then they've got this one Of those first round picks. Evan Neil, isn't it? Sure. So that's a wash, right? So like, like, like Neil's not the guy. Come on. They have no chance I would be going the other way and trying to trade guys to get more picks and try to reboot. No, look at that Front four, you've got Dexter Lawrence Thibodaux and you've got Brian Burns. Like they're not, this is, this is a team that everyone's like, oh they, I can't believe they got rid of Saquon. I can't believe they got rid of Saquon wasn't gonna do anything with the Giants last year close to what he did with the Eagles. So what they do instead, they invested in their offensive line and they have no play and they got a High quarterback play high pick.


But this is the point then, then talk yourself into Cam Ward if you think he can be a top three pick. I mean, so that, this is why I brought up Stafford because this stuff has started today about they're gonna leapfrog to one, they're gonna take him one. It just feels like Cam Ward's going first in this draft. He very well might he? Very Well might. I, it it, it doesn't mean he's the best player. It doesn't mean it makes sense but there's three teams right now who just have no idea who their quarterback's gonna be. The Raiders have the best chance to probably stumble into one 'cause they have all the cap space, the giants, I, I don't know how they get one that actually make my case that I just laid out. Yeah. How are you gonna make the playoffs? Like you're better off betting on a guy who maybe can become the guy right Here.


Here's the case for bringing in a Rogers at 41 The Giants. Giants. Yes. Here's the case, hear me out. Motivated cheap compared to what? Motivated. Motivated. Yes. Okay. Embarrassed. Embarrassed that the Jet said we're good without you. Yeah. Motivated cheap, comparable to a Stafford or to one of these, you know, bigger, you know, cheese and then and you've got Brian DaBell who has had his name from being Coach of the Year to now being the clown of New York and being considered a joke like two guys that know football inside and out and like hey let's, let's say screw it and let's get over a giant chip on shoulder and see now look That was the case.


Would they love to get to one? Sure they would love to get to one. But here's the deal. Rogers, as much as you don't like him, as much as Kimball doesn't like him as much as Al doesn't like him, players like him, his teammate like Him Jet the Jets fans didn't like him. Can we throw them in? Jet would throw in how he looked last year we had no legs and didn't wanna get hit and was terrible. I think he had 28 touchdowns, 11 interceptions. Oh my god, I'm pushing my, the boulder up the hill here. I'm trying. But I would say this, the alternatives of hey we could roll out Rogers and still get a young quarterback and you have Rogers as your quarterback for this year and you're not throwing someone to the wolves and saying, Hey go out there and and play for your first season right out of the gates.


That's the argument to make. I I would also add that you know, the Titans have the first pick in the draft. Will Levis will not be their starting quarterback week one. I know that's not that that's not necessarily out there. I don't see that he Gave it a good run. I don't think the Browns are gonna start Deshaun Watson 'cause he can't physically. But I don't think Deshaun Watson's gonna have many snaps if any again as a Cleveland Brown in his NFL career. I'll say that. So that's a second team. Then you got the Giants, then you got the Jets, then you got the Raiders. So this whole, So you have four teams in the top seven basically that desperately the quarterback. Yes. So Kim War, Why Kim Ward has to go first and it's not even gonna matter whether he should be the first pick And usually, what is it? It's 50 50 with the quarterback that high.


Yeah, those are the odds in the last 25 years. It might even be like 35, 65 for him to be good. Totally. But you still gotta do it. And look, if you're the Titans and you can, you know, maybe trade back and still get Abdul Carter and Travis Hunter at three or at five or at two or that's fine. But you still don't have a quarterback. Yeah, so, so to me the Titans and I've done a lot of work and talked to everybody this week. Like everyone assumes they're gonna go Carter won or Hunter won and they're or they're gonna let someone trade up. No like I wouldn't, I wouldn't dismiss Cam Ward at one, get us the quarterback and then we could figure it out and get a bridge quarterback if we need. And by bridge quarterback.


I'm not talking Sam darn, I'm talking like a Jared Stidham or a Taylor Heineke or like one of those guys. 'cause last year talking No but those are the guys that start off like a Jacobi Burett last year or a Marcus Mariota in the room. I know but you think This is the Raiders last year, right? Well Minsu he'll be a stopgap. Sure and then He's just awful. But you get Cam Ward. Yeah you're good and you've got your guy. Yeah so, And I talked to Cliff and Adam Peters a bunch and it's like the underrated guy in this whole process for Jaden Daniels was having Mariota there because he had a veteran to learn from who had like, so like that's almost as key as drafting the right quarterback is getting the right room. And last year Caleb had Tyson bet and a couple undrafted guys and and like a bunch of like second, you know, third options as quarterback coaches.


Drake May had ett which I think was a bonus considering, oh Now you didn't have a coaching staff but at least the had Jacob Brit and Look at what Drake May's got this year. You now add in Josh McDaniels, you add in Todd Downing, you suddenly have like a real staff around him and guys that have been there and done that. And of course Vrabel is a, is an upgraded head coach as well. Is there, I was texting with Todd McShay about this this morning isn't isn't a likely scenario that quarterbacks go one two even if it makes no sense whatsoever. 'cause nobody's been able to explain to me why, why the Browns wouldn't take a quarterback. They absolutely should take Des Watson quarterback Watson isn't playing again, they're absolutely screwed with the cap. There is no possible way they can acquire anybody and this is their one chance to actually add somebody.


So I I don't what was the, I mean there's been the Sanders stuff and the stories about the stories and the narratives behind the narratives. We've gone in nine different directions and oh we're just gonna start anonymous QB coaches just Wait. Yeah it's gonna get worse and worse. And it's also he's, you know, got a famous father who might decide I wanna nudge him toward a certain team and is gonna know some tricks some other families don't. Which if by the way, I think that should happen more often. I think that should happen with Cooper flag in the NBA. Like you have the leverage pick. Like we always talk about player empowerment with the NBA and pick your team with the veterans. Yeah. Like it's never with the rookie. We saw it with Eli Manning where you didn't even wanna go to San Diego, ended up with the Giants. Like I'm always amazed it doesn't happen more often, but if, if Dion is like, I want Sanders on Vegas, that's just how this is gonna play out.


It would be pretty hard for the rest of the league to stop that anyway. I feel like there's a one two scenario with the QBs, right? Absolutely. And Cleveland very interested in quarterbacks and you look at the free agent crop right now, I don't have a team for Sam darn that's given him $40 million. I think Sam Darnold who had arguably the best 17 weeks of his life had maybe the most disastrous and financially prohibitive eight days any quarterback's ever had in NFL history. Oh Shane, you're right. It wasn't even two weeks, it was eight days. Eight days. It was that that that night It It's like A Hawaii trip. It really, it's like white Lotus. It was like He was, he had White Lotus season four.


I've lost $80 billion. Yes. He was like Isaac's. Yeah, exactly. Saxon what a name. So yeah you've got, you've got the Sunday night against the Lions, then you have an even worse disastrous performance against the Rams eight days later in Arizona. And it went from being potentially lying around the block of teams to like this week at the combine. Not a lot of Darnold love. So tough, hard, can't go back to the Jets really hard. It doesn't hard doesn't sound like the Giants, I don't think the Raiders are doing flips over Sam. Darn. The Steelers seem to be pretty happy in going for Justin Fields is what the latest I've heard. So now the teams are rather limited. Are the Browns gonna break the bank after already paying DeShaw and now pay for Sam Darnell?


I don't know. So Darnell's number one on that list and then it's like very quickly gets to Kirk Cousins and Russell Wilson and, And I said Jared Stidham, like those are the names and it's not exactly previous years where there's this long list of, well Baker Mayfield might be a possibility or we could do like you might be looking at for the Browns like all right it's Daniel Jones, Carson went or we draft someone at two And when you're at that point you're like that's Chilling. Let's draft someone at two. Which is why the Giants would've to leapfrog the Browns Yes. At two to get Cam Ward. Which is why I think Cam Ward is gonna be the first pick. And I'm with you. And I also think Giants beat the Colts in a non, you know, insignificant week 16 game.


And Malik Ber had about 200 yards and it cost the Giants the top two picks. And now we're here. Are you talking about the Drew Lock game? That's what it's called now, right. Drew game we had the, pats had the Joe Milton game and there was the, but Drew Locke was incredible in that game. Looked great because I that on the Colts Drew Locke was lights out. I mean you could make a case like, yo look at that Drew Lock tape. Maybe we, maybe we have the solution in house. Maybe He's free agent himself. So it's, it's, I think it's a very good possibility that despite the fact that this draft class at quarterback is nowhere near last year's, like those 1, 2, 3 picks last year, it those guys, those guys never guys have been talking about for 12 months. And it was no brainer.


They were going 1, 2, 3 and it was like if you can get in the top three, you're getting a franchise quarterback now. Yeah, Bo Nix was not viewed this way. Michael Pennix wasn't seen as a top 10 MCC McCarthy. And McCarthy was like this wild card, which still is a wild card this year. Cam Ward's got huge upside but despite the great years he's had at Washington, Satan, Miami, he's not viewed in that same category as those top three guys. And then it's a giant drop off from what I gather and then just viewed as prospects. Not, not necessarily how they turn out Shado, Jackson Dart and then a bunch of unknowns. So it's not Oh So you have have Shado like next to Jackson Dart potentially. Yeah, yeah. I've got, I think, I think Shado is viewed closer to Jackson Dart than Shado is viewed closer to Can Ward.


Wow. So it could be a drop chip on the shoulder guy. Absolutely. And you're talking about leverage that Deanna? I don't, I don't know if they have leverage unless they've got an agreement from a team that's like, Hey no matter what we're taking 'em. Don't worry. You guys can like he, I don't Can I zag? I'm gonna zag. Lemme here son of a famous person. Tough. Seems like he's smart. It seems like the thing that people are worried about with him is the athleticism more than anything. But he is got the toughness and the competitiveness that they like. And I I do feel like as we get closer the team start talking themselves into the pluses. Yeah. Because the minuses aren't like, this guy's kind of a wis, this guy's not a leader of men.


You know, they, they're more like not a diva. Don't, don't, don't read any of that shit. He is not a diva. This guy chose to go to Jackson State. Right. Also, And I tweeted this yesterday and I'm sure it was the tweet that that signed off a million No, no one cared. I tweeted this yesterday that the one thing a GM told me don't sleep on Shado with this is he is tough as shit. Got the shit kicked out of him the last few years and got up every single time. Right. And they love that. That is you're a man tough. You don't love. Yeah you don't love the fact that he is been beaten around a bunch. But you do love the fact that he didn't cry about it, didn't whine about it, got up, he was against an inferior off. He was behind an inferior offensive line on a team that was really just like slapped together in the last couple years and they put together some wins early.


But this was not the same level of talent that necessarily a Jackson Dart had at Ole Miss or a Quin had at Texas. Yeah, this was Shado and his point at the combine and it rubbed people wrong. The way he was had some bravado at it is that he changes places when he gets there. So Jackson State obviously went from this HBCU that like had no resources to suddenly being a national name and then he goes to Colorado and we had one week where Big noon kickoff from Fox and Game Day were there on week two vying for you know, real estate in Boulder. It happens and the Dion thing is real, but there's also a lot of positives to that in that he's the son of one of the greatest football players ever and he's seen how to handle yourself as a pro and he is seen how the business works and Shado has never wavered in that he's a leader.


And those guys do do respect him. There's the other piece of that when you think about quarterback prospects, 'cause there's two versions of it, right? There's a quarterback who had the weight of the college on their shoulders and then there's the guy who was on an awesome team where the program was kind of the star and they were the quarterback of it. And some of the guys that have succeeded, especially recently, you know, Drake may just, he stayed in North Carolina, he was the whole program. He took all the leadership responsibilities and it was, even though the record kind of came and went, but he was whatever Bo Nix was in the spotlight in real ways in different colleges. And then Jaden Daniels, same thing. And then he has that OSU year where I, I just wonder sometimes is it better to, in college you're really the guy at least for a year, does that prep you in a certain way to whereas you look at like a trubisky, like I I would study, yeah.


If I was a team, Hey Anthony, Richard Richardson would, Anthony Richardson, Anthony 14 starts Richard, another ones have somebody study like, like the ones that didn't work and like what are the common denominators? And one of them is like not enough starts. Like that was a Trey Lance thing too. What, how big was the spotlight? How much pressure were they under on this limited level and how did that go to the, how was that gonna transfer? Sanders had like a giant spotlight on him for huge three years there, which I think is a positive. Yeah, I mean the Colorados but also in Jackson State, they really put a lot of resources into marketing that thing. And like the fact he decided to go there and they brought Hunter there. That was a major story for a lot of reasons. And they were In the limelight. It was those two. And Dion, there was a real thing and, And Troy Aikman would show up at games and they had like, yeah it became a thing.


I think last year might have changed the narrative a little bit. Bo Nicks played 61 games in college. He was, you know, older than every other prospect in that draft. He shows up and he was immediately dismissed by a lot of teams. 'cause well we've seen Bo Nicks like there's no upside. Like, and Sean Peyton who you know I'm gonna always talk about if I get an opportunity was like, I like the fact he's played 61 games and did it in the SEC right? Yeah. And then played at the Senior Bowl and then was in, you know, major college games. Like I like that fact. So this year you've got this guy Tyler Shook who's not being discussed at all. Watch he will be rising off draft boards. He was outta Louisville but was at Texas Tech before that and somewhere else before that.


He's played a ton of college football. He is 25 years old. And in the past he'd be like, we don't want that Schuck stock is rising because of all the experience he's had. Purdy Parallel, Brock Purdy, same thing. He played all those years at Iowa State. Yeah. Like we liked that because you know Cam Ward, we know he went from Washington state to Miami. He started out Incarnate Word, that was his first school Zero. Oh Jesus Zero offers anywhere. But he changed that program, went to Washington State and on a bad Washington state team competed with all of the Pac 12 heavies and did well and then goes over to Miami and breaks every school record and ends up with the most touchdowns ever thrown in college football. And it's like I that's that's a, that's a, that's a resume.


That is a, that is life lessons. That is, that is at, that is adversity. That is different offenses. It's Going into a new situation, having to meet a bunch of people learning. Yes. And I'm Gonna be the alpha. Yeah, I know we're a little bit all over the place but like No, can we go back to the experience of for a second because Yeah, I think this is actually the case for Donald who I think is now an underrated asset. He has. So he had Yes. 27 games at USC right where he started. Yep. And then if you go in and as a pro, he started 73 games over the last eight years. He's at a hundred career starts now and look great until those last two weeks. Is that a Minnesota offensive line issue?


Was it a scheming issue? Was it just that he played two great teams? Like I feel as if we get closer to free agency, there's gonna be teams tilting it and going glass half full. Because if you can get him for I know less, less the number less than the baker. What's the number? Well let's say you can get him for 15 to 20, let's say you can get him to Yeah, no, 15 to 20. Yes. The question is, if someone You could like that makes 30 To 40, But you're telling me the Raiders wouldn't wanna spend 20 million a year on Sam. Darn. If they couldn't get the thing that would be Brady just being like, this guy doesn't have it out. Yeah, That's what that would be. That would, if if that's his number and the Raiders aren't in, that's Brady saying, I don't give my, you know, vote of approval on this. Look, I my, now that we're two months removed And I, I think this might've been the case And I'm making excuses for them.


I think that Sunday night game with so much buildup and so much on the line for the Vikings and the Lions killed both those teams that they just Right. It was like a, like a regular season Super Bowl. It was a Super Bowl. They destroyed each other. They got, they were all, they knew what was at stake. You had a home field during the playoffs. The number one seed was in the balance as well. And like it was the most significant football game in the regular season this league has ever seen for both teams. And they both just destroyed each other. Put everything into it that they were both completely flat the next time we saw them. And the lions of course they lose on the Saturday that follows. But then the Vikings lost the Monday that preceded that. So darn those eight days.


And everyone I speak to who's negative on Donald is like, well that's, that's what you hoped you never saw again that that he erased it. But like there it was, that was the 35. And I mean if it's Aaron Rodgers verse Arnold come on, Kyle's gonna turn the TikTok camera on because I have a very important Tom Brady point. Okay, let's go Tom Brady, I love Tom Brady brought me six Super Bowls, one of my favorite athletes of all time. This is a dangerous thing where you have him running a football team thinking he knows what's best with quarterback because he was a great quarterback because all of the evidence with the great players we've ever had, name the sport. Mostly they're not good at this. They see things, they think they're saying things that other people don't see and it's not actually rational.


Like Magic Johnson, Lonzo Ball got hurt obviously, but Magic Johnson took Lonzo Ball over Jason Tatum. Right? You have like Wayne Gretzky ran a hockey team. How did that go? I'm trying to think who was the, I don't have much on the coyotes, were they? No good. Was Shane do not good enough? I don't know. Is that it? But Michael Jordan ran the Charlotte Hornet slash Bobcats for forever. The big Sean May guy. I mean, couldn't Have been worse. Yeah, like steered them toward Kwame Brown. The wizards steered them toward Kwame Brown over Psal and those guys. 'cause he liked what he saw from Kwame brought a workout. Like, I don't know if I trust the greatest players ever on stuff like this.


That's an interesting take. Are are there, is there the argument against that? You don wanna Argue Or Jerry West? Jerry West is the greatest evaluator the NBA's ever seen, right? Jerry West. So there's, so Jerry West is a positive. There's some that win. I'm just saying it's not a slam dunk. But I think part of the problem is if you And I are in that room with Tom Brady and we're like, yo man, we think Donald like look at me. You might just miss Him right away. And Brady's like, I'm out. I watched that game. He doesn't have it. I'm out. Are we gonna argue with Tom Brady? Yeah. So it's just you Now you be, now it's like this one voice that just sees what he wants to see. I'm fascinated, fascinated by the Raiders set up and John Spy Tech is the new gm. He was in Tampa for years and before that Denver and is really a good evaluator.


And I interviewed him at the combine on camera for NFL network. And I said, all right, you got a lot of voices now because it's not just Brady, Pete Carroll's gonna have opinions. Chip Kelly's the offensive coordinator. Oh and then you've got, you know, all these different voices that are now new ownership group. You've got, you know, the Melman people. It's like, okay now we've got all this, who and whoever this quarterback's gonna be is gonna be their first big like unveiling of like here's here's our group decision. That's a lot of pressure on that quarterback. I don't think they're just gonna go with a Minsu O'Connell thing. I think they're gonna try to find somebody. No, they're Gonna get somebody. Could there be some new owner syndrome with this? Yes. Where they're like, yeah we need make a splash, gotta get somebody really good, gotta get Chip Kelly's offense, gotta find the right person.


Nice mobile, Whatever. And And I would go through Brady's relationships with some of these guys. What's his relationship with Rogers? They've known each other 20 years. They've been competitive. What's his relationship with Russell Wilson played In, I can't believe Rider they played in a Super Bowl together. Is Russell Wilson gonna be the quarterback of the Vegas Raiders? Like Gino Smith? Do you trade for Gino? Who has a great relationship with Pete Carroll? If you're the Seahawks and you can get a high second round pick for Gino Smith and then spend 20 million a year on Sam Donald for three years and just invest in your offensive line and be like, if we can actually block for this guy with the guys we have, we can actually do, I would do that. That's why this is fun. It's, it's such a weird class of quarterbacks.


'cause you have these, these potential hall of Famers and Hall of Famers at the last stage of their career. I mean cousins, we don't even know if he can move anymore. But he was gonna be available if someone wants to trade for him, he's Or available for TV Russell. Yeah, Russell Wilson. You might be doing TV for him on network TBD in about six months. Kirk Don't laugh. Don't laugh. Amy Poer might have a pod right next to Russell Wilson's if we keep on going down this road, who knows Like this. This is it. Who knows? No joke though. Like this is the last stop on the tour and then you hope that you have a young guy that can come in as well and then there's like this middle tier I keep on saying Stid them's name. I think Jared Stidham iss gonna make a ton of more money than anyone expects because he's this like 28-year-old guy who's been in multiple systems and when he plays plays Well I as well, I need to take a breath.


This is it. Patriot Spin Gi. If Jared Santa makes more and more than any than Sam darn, what are we doing? He won't Make more than Sam darn. But he will be a coveted free agent more than you would imagine because of the dearth of quarterbacks available and how important the position is. So at This point like go, go take the look at Joe Milton's week 18 game tape and talk yourself into that. If we're going down, down train for Tomorrow for Joe Mil, don't laugh. Yeah, I mean Joe Milton went, what, what round was he last year? Fourth, fifth, sixth. Joe Milton could go for a fifth or fourth round pick. Like he Was, he was really good in that last game. Let's take a a break. I got lots more to cover with you.


This episode is brought to you by Uber Eats. It's winter or it's the tail end of winter. You can now get almost anything you need for the coldest stretch of the year delivered with Uber Eats. What do I mean by almost? Well you can't get a snowplow delivered, but you can get Snow Peas delivered. Snow Angel, no Angel hair Pasta. Sure. Sunshine. That's a no. A bottle of wine. That's a yes. Yes. Uber Eats can get you that along with a side of garlic bread and creme brulee to top all of it off. Little angel hair, pasta bottle wine. Sounds great. Get almost almost anything for your winter delivery with Uber Eats. Order Now Alcohol and Select Markets. Product availability may vary by region. See app for details.


All right, so quick tangent that I'm gonna bring back to the NFL in the NBA. The bleakest situations right now are the Sons and the Sixers and now the Mavericks who made this catastrophic Luca trade and then Kyrie's out for the year. And it's just, you just look at those and you go, wow, this three, four year window here, pretty bleak. Who in your opinion, like especially like being around everybody last week, who are the bleak franchises other than the Browns we're just gonna grandfather them in The Browns have to be number one bleak. But who else is in that ca conversation? Well, The Browns is bleak because their star player also is demanding a trade and they don't plan on trading 'em. So you add on just, you know, terrible results in a question at quarterback.


And then you have the the star player being unhappy. So that's, that's the Browns That's, would we say that's the gold standard of bleak right now? It has to be. Yeah. But they were in the playoffs two years ago and they do have young talent. So it's like there's always this like, you know, hope Springs eternal, we get the right quarterback back on Our way. The Browns fans feeling good all of a sudden. They're like regs. They're in on the Browns. Yeah. Shrinks. I mean on all 32 as you know. Yeah, I think, I think the Jets situation's pretty bleak right now in that they got, they feel like they got the right coach and they feel like they got the right gm. But you've got a bunch of young players who are up for giant contract extensions in the next couple years and you do not have a quarterback and you went down this road with Rogers and now it's like we're sorta a good team with names on the roster, but we have nothing to show for it.


And we have a complete X factor at quarterback and we're just out of the top five to actually draft one that we could just pick. We'd have to move and be and be able to do that. So to me, I think the jets will be in on Justin Fields. I don't know if Justin Fields would leave Pittsburgh to go to the Jets. Now money talks. Yikes. But even if you get Justin Fields and you like Justin Fields and you think you've seen things from Justin Fields, if you're a Jets fan seed, are you, are you doing flips over? Okay, we're now ready to take on Josh Allen and Patrick Mahomes and Joe Burrow with Justin Fields And Jets and Drake May And Drake May. Sorry. Thanks. I've always fields. So you'd have Jets. Who else? Jets pretty because I, I would've say at least with the Jets, there's a lot of talent there.


There is, but you gotta, There's moves saw, You've gotta sauce and Garrett and all these guys are gonna be up for contracts and they had all these first, you know, Brie Hall, Jermaine Johnson, Garrett Wilson, you name it. And then you of course you mentioned Sauce. Sauce. They all gotta get paid if you wanna keep 'em. So, Well they're already letting DJ Reed go, which I thought was kind of shocking. He was good last year. DJ Reed's a good player and yeah, he's Gonna be free. Some of the pats DJ Reed Don't laugh. I think the Pats are gonna be very aggressive in free agency And I think they're gonna load up this year. Wait, hold on. I was gonna end with the Pats. So Jet bleak, brown, bleak. Would you throw the Saints in there? Yes. Because it looks like there's still a question with Carr, like, is Carr the quarterback and they've got salary cap issues?


What's the question? How much do we hate ourselves? How much do we, do we keep 'em, it sounds like they have, you know, the comments that were made by, by Mickey Loomis at the, at the combine was that they were in on Derek Carr still. And I thought he would be in that same boat as cousins and whatever. And you could, if you're the Titans and you got Brian Callahan who coached Carr with the, with the Raiders, it's like, all right, well give us Derek Carr and we'll, we'll figure it out. But I, it sounds like the Saints are all in on Derek Carr and they still have these, this bloated salary cap that they can't get out under. So I think the Saints is pretty bleak. When you say he's in the same boat as Kurt Cousins, are you talking about the Titanic? What boat is that? Is that boat still floating?


We Say this, we say this and yet there are teams that are gonna convince themselves that oh well it's better than the alternative and we'll pay these guys real money. Like that's just where we're at. What happened with the Raiders last year is the point for that. You just don't wanna have a season where you're the Raiders and you realize like by the third preseason game, like, wow, our quarterbacks suck. This is gonna be terrible. You've Got Desmond Ririck quarterback in week 16 on national tv. Like that's not where you wanna be. Saints. Last year we're, we're rolling out Spencer Rattler in big games. Like it, it's quarterback is everything. And so the Saints, they're going, it sounds like they're going still with Derek Carr. That was the comment made. But we've seen these things change.


But I would you go their salary cap situation's no good either. Would you go bleak for the, for the Cowboys? Semi bleak, No Medium bleak. Bleak in that it feels like the other two teams have surpassed them in their division and they're still gonna have to pay Micah Parsons and they've got Dak on this contract and CD and like, I don't know how they're gonna pay all these pending free agents that they have and that it's going in the wrong direction. But gosh, you know, you, you hire you, you don't even do a full search and it's like, we're just gonna keep it going with Brian Schottenheimer. It's hard to, it's hard to look at your fan base and say, well, it's totally gonna be different. Well, we just elevated the guy who was number two to Mike McCarthy and we're not gonna have any new fresh talent besides what we already have.


And we missed the playoffs last year. The question is, how does Dak return from injury because he's the highest paid quarterback in the NFL. Right? Well the off season, especially this part and when we had an Afrac draft is all about how do I convince my fan base to, to be potentially excited about something And and to pay. And The Cowboys can be like, Hey, DAXs healthy, we got Parsons, we have three of the best players in the league. Yeah, we're the Cowboys, I don't Dunno case good running back the Good running back drafts for the Saints. We have no, we have no cap space and Derek cars coming back and we hired the ninth coach who got hired. Yeah. And we're in the NFC South.


Never know. Yeah. And you're in a market could happen and you're in a market that, you know, it's, it's a good team with a great tradition and a great city. But it's not like New Orleans is due to by the NFL as like the Cowboys or, you know, no. The Giants or one of these premier franchises. Do you feel like it's less bleak in Jacksonville? Oh, or we just, it's better. Okay. Gimme gimme step on this. Well, It can go, this is like a social experiment in a lot of ways. I went outta my way at the combine to meet a lot of these people that I'd never met before. That's always what I like to do. I like to put a list down of like, here are 10 names, they're all gonna be in Indianapolis, get to know them. They're young, they're up and coming. And then you become friendly enough with them where over the years you bond a relationship and you form.


They, they hired a 28-year-old offensive coordinator in Grant Dubinski, 28. And I was doing the math in my head. I'm like, all right, I know how old I am. I know where I was. Like when, when OJ was on the chase and Ewing was playing a lajuan, he wasn't born yet. And that's where I like, that's in my head. Wow. Like, like this is how young he is. Josh McCowen tells me he was with him in Minnesota. This kid's brilliant. But that's your offensive coordinator, your head coach, Liam Cohen, who I've known, he was UMass quarterback. And I wrote a book with Victor Cruz way back when in 2011. And when Victor Cruz is like, the sensation his quarterback was, was Liam Cohen in college. So I got to know Liam then when we were working on this book, And I, I've seen Liam Bouncer.


Liam is a young, really untested head coach, first time head coach. So you got that too. And then at GM they hired a guy named James Gladstone, who's 34 years old, and he was with the, he was at the Rams and he was living in St. Louis while the Rams were in LA and he kind of was doing the scouting from a, a satellite office, but he was Les Snes like number two. And the Rams gave him a lot of credit for these recent drafts, including Puca Nku and, and including some of these, these, the braiding Fisk and you know, Jared verse that said, you're talking 34-year-old gm, 28-year-old offensive coordinator, first time head coach, and then a first time defensive coordinator and Anthony Campan Neal.


So to me it's like, it's fun, it's fresh, it's different. It's, it's not hiring Urban Meyer or Doug Peterson or it's a Strategy. We're young, It is different. And then, you know, shad Khan, whatever. And then like Tony Kahan I talked to at the, at the Super Bowl and they're like, he's talking about wrestling to me. Like, and, And I think that's his priority is the a w and he's like shrinks. He writes, he writes every episode, he runs it. It's amazing. Yeah. He like shrinks his eyes are all darting all over the place talking Shrinks. You should do something where you come into the ring and you get hit with a chair, MJ F is gonna knock you out with a Burberry scarf on. I'm like, yeah, no, he's Probably trying to book you and Rappaport and Schultz love that have some sort of Starbucks Match. He would love to have s that Can Starbucks whip lattes at each other, Big sponsor Starbucks, or in this case maybe Dunking.


But like, I I I, I honestly think that it's like this football experiment where it's like, let's just do fresh eyes and young and hire guys at and like obviously I love that. I love that. I hate going retread. I don't like the fact that we just typically are like, oh, well this guy worked for this guy and then we just hire him like they're all fresh faces and Jacksonville's fun to me. Now I'm gonna give you a possible bleak candidate and you're gonna be upset. Why are we so Negative? Let's be positive. Just the last one. I'm going positive. One second. Okay. Are the dolphins in the bleak zone? It was bleak at at Times. Tyre probably pushing for the trade McCart, the McDaniel, even though he got an extension, I'm sure he is, he's definitely on First Coast Fired watch.


I would think. Two, oh, who knows. Salary ca, classic salary cap team where they just, they had to pay these guys and now it's all fucked up. Like I I, and they're in a vision with the Bills. The Pats are gonna be better, the Jets won't be better, but I wonder if they're on bleak watch Here. Here's where I would say there's a possible turn in that like, first of all, a lot of these teams, they show up at the combine. They do media maybe Tuesday, Wednesday they fulfill that and thing. Maybe they'll stay Thursday, then they're outta there. Mike McDaniel, Chris Greer and Dan Marino were in that dolphin suite until the bitter, bitter end. When the offensive linemen were working out on Sunday.


Like, and they were locked in. Damn Marino. Whats he doing? Dan Marino's. Dan Marino's got an executive role right now with the Dolphins working with the team. And, and as we're talking about former players and Tom Brady and all this stuff. Now Dan Marino's, he's present. Okay. He is got a voice. They brought him back into the fold a couple years ago and, and he was at the combine and fully engaged with all of it. Now, last year's draft, they, they, they hit with Chop Robinson. He was really good for them as a rookie. Yeah, he was good. I liked him Jalen Wright, the running back. But to your point, when UA went down, they weren't ready for that kind of adversity and things went off the rails and you saw Tyreek Hill and his comments in that final game about, you know, I I, it just was like desolate and it was the kind of thing you would never want to hear from a veteran leader that said Dolphins.


They still have a ton of talent on that roster. And I, I do think the players still respond to McDaniel. So, okay. I I'm not bleak on the Dolphins and I'm not sure I think that, but Well what do you think on Tua? Like they paid him, he was injured. Again, I, I have real concerns about McDaniel. I have real concerns about Tua And I have real concerns about we're gonna wake up three days from now and Tyreek Hill's like I wanna be a charger. Yeah, let's make that happen guys. Yeah. It would be the Chiefs, not the Chargers. He still, like, he tweets every other day about how much he loves to chiefs. It'd be the Chiefs. Yeah. Yeah. Is that even possible? Yes. The chiefs just have an unlimited salary cap. I don't know how they do it. Yes. And he's like, Hey, we're gonna franchise tag our left guard And Andy's magic. Andy will trade you away. Andy will cut you. And then you know the players long for Andy bring you back.


Yeah. They wanna go play for him again. Alright. By The way, you saw the, you saw the John Cena, you know, dropping the mic, you saw that? Yeah. That, that's, that's Mahomes this year. That's, that's, that's where he's at right now. I think like he's got villain like everyone just good. I think. I think we're gonna have a different this's gonna Be a fun year from that. Gonna a fun year. An incredibly disappointing season by his standards. Last year the Super Bowl was a disaster. So I, I hope he is motivated. The anti bleak watch the, you go to combine and these teams are like, it's like the sky is opened, it's after it's rained for a week straight and all of a sudden it's the first sunny day and everybody's like, I wanna go outside. We don't have to talk about the Pats. I talk about them too much on the pot.


We can wait, we can, but, well we can do that at the very end. But who else is in that Washington? The sky's have open Washington. Washington. It is like, it is like, oh, like the Angels. And last year at the combine I interviewed Adam Peters on camera. He's a GM coming from San Francisco. First time gm, super nervous on NFL network beforehand. What questions are we gonna do? Like, and then this year comes in all swagged out has like, right, you know, he's Got the, he's wearing the Poka jacket, No doubt. He's got the jacket. He is got the custom Jordans. He comes in, he is like a, he is like, ask me anything, let's go. And then, yeah, let's go. They trade. Ask me how great Jade Daniels in him Daniels is, love to talk about that. They have a ton of salary cap space. Everyone loves their coach.


Like Dan Quinn's got that Andy Reed thing where like players just love him and you know, they just trade for Deebo. And I, I do wanna say this, I think people misread the NFL, like the Cowboys got crushed 'cause they traded a fourth rounder for Jonathan Mingo. And everyone's like, how could you, how could you trade a fourth rounder foro? And they trade a a a a fifth rounder and they get deebo. They're taking on Deebo Samuel's entire contract. So that's 21 million. It Was a salary though. The nine ERs, it was basically them cutting percent And that was the team that was willing to take it. And Adam Peters drafted Deebo in San Fran and Anthony Lynn coached him. And Cliff is like, please bring him. Like, he'll be motivated and we'll make it work. But Watching Can I give you my, can I give you my 32nd Deebo take? Yeah. Go As as an intermission San Francisco being like, yeah, we're good.


Take 'em. It reminded me of the Celtics with Marcus Smart. And this is where I bring the Celtics into a po. A football podcast. Fine. Like they knew something But, well it was in watching him and this was the case Priscilla And I made on the podcast after that trade. It was like that dude's body's been through a lot. We watched him for the last nine years. He took a million charges, he was on the floor all the time. And I think they're getting out a year too early instead of a year too late with his body. So what happens, he goes to Memphis, he breaks down and he has not been healthy ever since. Seems like they knew. I think he's course he Playing now. I saw a picture Of him like This's this week. He's on Washington. Yeah. He's like a veteran on Washington. So I look at Deebo and like you, I watch football every week.


Deebo took a fucking ton of hits the way they used him. He was like a crash test dummy. And I just wonder if they were like, I think we took this as far as we can go let, if starts to dip it could be on somebody else's team. Absolutely. You're right. But and the same breath, like Washington knows what they're inheriting. Like Cliff watched every snap of Deebo. Well that's like, it's like this incredible toy for Cliff. Holy Shit. And he cannot weight and he is like, please. And also he's Gonna have 40 Deebo plays. Yeah. And also he was 20 pounds overweight, whatever you wanna say. Like, and now he's going to the final year of his contract, gimme a motivated Oh yeah. Like chip on his shoulder and a contract your Debo like Sure. So like, it wasn't like it was a false Day. It was like you on TV last year. That was same thing.


I just felt like a giant chip on your shoulder. Let's Go. You wanna disrespect Debo and Traeger. You're gonna get the best of us. I'll do anything. I'll do anything. I'll do any hit. Send me anywhere. Contract year. Let's Go The, so the Washington thing, the vibes are unbelievable. Unbelievable. Great Coach, coach, great GM franchise. Qb. Most beloved guy in Washington, even more than Ovechkin House is like, can't even come up with somebody on par with him at this point. You have to go back to like the Gibbs era. Who else is the ski? The sky's parted. Sky's gimme another team. Sky's. Did you say Chargers? Rosie. Rosie Chargers or not totally ended Season ended. Weird that lost to Houston.


So there's kind of like a bad taste and also Like, so it might be out. Yeah, I wouldn't say Chargers. I'm trying to think. I'm going, oh, Denver. Denver. Those guys. Denver, they're, they are super high on what they've got all young players. Bo Nicks. I had a really cool opportunity Friday night the Broncos do a team dinner at the combine and it's everyone from the team doctor to, to the, the head coach to like the intern. Anyone who's in Indianapolis, I'd say 60 people. And Sean Peyton, you know, does a big team dinner. I don't think any other teams do this in this way. And they rent out a room at Prime 47, which is the big steakhouse. And Peyton, you know, let me come in and just hang with them at the table. And like when you feel like good vibes, good vibes team, it's everyone's busting balls, everyone's laughing.


Everyone is like having a great, and they have such confidence in this quarterback that they're like, we're set. Like this has been the albatross around this franchise since Peyton Manning left. We finally got our guy and they will be active in free agency and they will get a good running back. And they Have a little more money this year, right? Yeah. Finally had money. They've had no money. Yeah. But like upfront last year, like Zach Allen had a career year when they're paying him, you know, but Alex Singleton was great. Like, and then they've got Ctan, this amazing corner. They're set, they are gonna get a running back in this draft. And that's always been Sean Peyton's like favorite position to tinker with. And they haven't had, he calls it the Joker. It's like the Alvin Camaro, the Darren Sproles, the Pierre Thomas, that type, the guy that can catch out of the backfield.


Run of the backfield. So, and There's good luck high second round running back candidates for that's a, yeah, it's Loaded. Great, great running back draft. And you can sit there and on day two pick up a guy who's gonna pick up a thousand yards and you know, 60 catches. So I'd say Denver and Washington, both based on the young quarterback and then New England. You don't wanna talk about him, but like the optimism Wow. That sky high around the Patriots. And also they become out And with me and Nephew Kyle. And every time we're together, Kyle's like, Kyle's waiting for Abdul Carter to fall to four because of some amorphous foot thing. And then he's buying the jersey like that day It, it, it's like it's become all of a sudden a desirable place to play too. And the free agent, it's funny how that Works when you have a good quarterback of a good coach. No doubt. It's funny, it's funny how that shifts.


No doubt. You know, the, the fourth overall pick is interesting for them because Hunter or Carter could be there if the quarterbacks do go in the top four. And even if they don't, I think Will Howard's a real possibility or Yeah, the the lineman from LSU Oh Will Campbell Will Will Campbell, sorry not the Ohio State quarterback. No, but They, he had the short arms. I was on multiple short arm threads. That's It's Okay. That's okay. So's he couldn't even get to 33 inches with his reach. How, how's he gonna hold back Michael Parsons with those short arms? The other two names odi Mason Graham who I think you're, you're high on right? I'm high on I Michigan now I'm on MHA says there's three Lee guys in the draft. And that was how I was feeling anyway. Knowing nothing but doing all the prep.


And it just feels like, but the thing is with defensive tackle, that's the easiest position to get in free agency. There's a million of them. True. If you're trying to put together a team of assets, which is what they need to do, that's probably not where you go. But I want an, I want an all pro in this draft. You have to get an all pro in this draft. So I'm gonna put this out here now 'cause his draft stock is slipping because he didn't do anything at the combine and all that. I don't think four overall is so crazy for this TriPro McMillan out of Arizona, also known as I They like him. Teaneck? Yeah. Oh, there's a lot of fans in the league. And you're talking about the comparison starts at Drake, London, but it can go even higher. This huge wingspan and this huge upside six foot six basketball body out of Arizona.


Jed Fish was his coach at, at Arizona. And Jed Fish is a lot of NFL people and he has been raving about this guy for years. Didn't do anything at the combine, but interviewed everywhere. And apparently he is a great kid. Nickname is Tmac. I don't see him in the top 10 of any of these mock drafts. And I, I know that everyone loved what Matthew Golden, the wide receiver out of Texas did and is like he's the guy. I would be shocked if Tmac falls out of the top 10 And I would think Patriots at four, it might be a little rich, but if you're in England, No, that's a trade back. That's, that could be your guy. You flip picks with the Jets or the Saints or whoever and you or the even Vegas. Are you scarred by, by Keanu? What's his name by Nicole Nikhil. Harry of going to the state of Arizona.


The only thing that for a wide receiver, The only thing that worries me with Tmac is the wide receiver class is so bad that when somebody's the best looking person at a party of ugly people, they look fucking so handsome or beautiful like that. Only me at the combine, You should see it, dude. You would walk into one of these steakhouses, you would vomit. It is so ugly. And it's all over the country. It's all of us in the media and everyone's got the same exact look. It's a button down with an ill-fitting blazer and jeans. Yeah. And like It sounds great And like maybe a, like someone trying to have like a cool pair of Jordans, it just doesn't work. But like that's that's the look. Yeah, well it's a hide Scene. But that's what worries me. But if they want him, I, I think you, he's in the eight to 12 ranch.


I, I dunno, I don't think I, I think they, well the team that I could see taking him is Jacksonville at five because it seems like it's their decades mission to just keep spending capital on wide receivers to try to talk themselves into Trevor Lawrence. The Patriots can't block. I'm just gonna say that they can't take Will Campbell at four because we don't know if he's a left tackle or guard. But I, I think, I think them moving back into the six to 10 range and taking a receiver or a tackle, it's hard to argue with, but you'd have to move. You gotta find a trade, have a team wanted to move up. Yeah, that's the other thing. It's also like, And I work for the NFL network And I'm gonna be doing the draft. Like it is not the draft class of years prior. There are no you said three blue chip guys And I think Mason Graham is borderline blue chip, like Travis Hunter also.


I Can really see, I could see Carter for the Pats though. Oh dude, that would be great. I Think there's a scenario where people get worried about, well what's going on with this foot or any of that shit. And two quarterbacks go in the top three and Hunter goes at like, It's Carter. That would be the dream. It's Carter Hunter, That's Willie McGinnis, the 96 all over 95 or we're 94 whenever he got him. I'm all over again. Did Willie, did Willie fall in the draft for Parcells? Did He end up going? No, but we took him like fourth or fifth. Yeah. And it was like, hey, this guy is like gonna be our, this guy is gonna go chase the quarterback now for the next 10 years for you guys. Yeah, Carter would be a home run and it's him and Hunter are like the two names. And then you got this other bucket of the quarterbacks where if you're doing an overall player's list, they're probably 7, 8, 9, 10.


Like if you wanna go that way, they're not. And then it's just the great unknown and it's like, what do you prefer? And it's, I mean truly after like the fifth or sixth pick, it is a complete crapshoot to like pick 38 they say as far as like ranking and stacking these players. So yeah, not the richest draft makes class, but it's also the most intriguing At the combine. We did Bleak, we did happy. Who's the, what the fuck is that team doing? Team that people were just kind of gossiping about. Like they were like, you know, the friend in the ex, the friend in the neighborhood who were like, what's going on in that house? Yeah, Cincinnati just saw Cincinnati some car out there at three in the morning. What, what Cincinnati's a little bit of a question mark just because they have such a big off season ahead and it's, it's really gonna be a, a lot of cap gymnastics.


But they have told every agent, they have told every team, like their goal is to bring all three of these guys back. And that's Jamar, chase, t Higgins and Trey Hendrickson. They franchise tagged Higgins already. They Did, but the intention is not to have him play on another franchise tag. The intention for them is to sign all three of these guys to long-term deals. And if I was to stack it, I would say Jamar Chase is their first priority. T Higgins is their second priority. Then Trey Hendrickson who led the NFL and Sachs and was second overall and defensive player of the year, he would be probably the third priority, which makes him a potential free agent to be signed. Wow. So we always talk about how you can basically afford three giant guys in the NFL the way the cap is.


They won All three. And if you can pull off four, well you gotta count Burrow though. Burrow Burrow's got this huge contract and Burrow. So if you're doing Burrow with the two receivers, that's an insane use of cap. It's insane. And also it's not, they just waived Alex Kappa too. They waived Alex Kappa, which was Under expect. I know he didn't have a great year, but, but it's, but they're gonna wave a bunch of, they're losing Guys already. They're gonna have to, they're gonna have to wave guys. And I Got, you can't build a team around a quarterback of two receivers. They're, And I expect that's gonna work. They're Gonna try and they're, and Year they're, they're like the pats. They're cheap. I mean, variables try to change the pats. But Bengals are cheap. Pats are cheap. So on top of, at least the chiefs are like spending, when they try to do this Gymnastics, they brit they would bristle at the cheap thing. I think historically they're viewed as cheap.


So cheap. Mike Brown's granddaughter, they're Mike Brown's granddaughter. Elizabeth Blackburn, who's Or Katie Blackburn. No, Elizabeth is the granddaughter. Mike Brown. She's now taking over a little bit more. And like it's all about, let's make this team fun, let's make this team marketable and let's spend money. Like let's spend money. We have it. Okay. We have to have a cap thing. So like that's their intention. But Duke Tobin and Zach Taylor have a giant, giant few weeks ahead of them right now. And like you already saw that Jamar Chase is posting things and t Higgins is posting things. Well, Burrow would be a dick, don't you think? Like if it gets to the 0.0 yeah. He, he will put, he'll be like an NBA star putting pressure on them. A hundred percent. He already has been publicly. Yeah. You know, you don't do radio row interviews and talk about company business.


He was doing that. So I think Cincinnati, a lot of eyes are on them. 'cause historically they have this, this feeling of, you know, small market team, 32nd market, they don't spend money. It's a family run business. And Now you finally have put yourself in this position where like you have to pay up. There's nothing left. It's, it's not gonna be good feelings. It's not gonna be, it's gonna be money. Yeah. Are you gonna spend the money and do you have a way to use the cap gymnastics? And Well, and also To that They put up 40 points. They put up 40 points every game last year and they still lost. So if you're focusing all on offense and you're letting the defensive player of the year, the runner up walk out is where your priorities at. So Interesting. It was Louis Amarillo's a Marino's fault. The the Higgins Chase, when they play together with Burrow, the numbers are undeniable.


They're undeniable and they're also the Most entertaining team in the league. Right. But if you're looking at Higgins and Sheel had him as his number two free agent. He had darned number one only because Yeah. Quarter. There's no quarterbacks quarter. But the Higgins thing would be, well what about the games without Chase? Hmm. Yeah. When you look at those, what happens when the, the defense is targeted against him versus, I think T Higgins is amazing. I think he's Like, That would be my dream pat guy. I wouldn't give up the first pick for him, obviously, but the second pick, the second round I would do in a hard game. Go watch What he did with Jake Browning last year at the of The season is fucking great. They Were gonna to t Higgins on every big play against Minnesota on that Saturday game. And like, hi Higgins is a true number one.


And if they can get both those guys back, great. Back to Donald really quick. Yeah. If you're Minnesota and they're not franchise high, you're gonna limit the market. Can't do it. Okay. You, what does it say to JJ McCarthy if you do bring him back on a 25 to $30 million contract? Does it tell the rest of the league that JJ McCarthy were not like, this is the bind with Minnesota. Like they don't know what they have in JJ McCarthy. And you could read all the positive press. Like they don't know what they have in JJ McCarthy. He was injured all last year. He was on the sidelines. Like they haven't seen him play. So it's not like they know that Guy. If you take, if you take a guy in the top 10, he's gotta be your quarterback. Okay. So you let, you let Donald walk out the door. You don't, you don't say let's try to a For 35.


Yeah. Two, You have an out after one year, like one of those type of deals. And if you're darned, you know, you played your best football with Kevin O'Connell. Lemme do it one more year and then I then I can maybe break the bank. Like, I think, I think they're gonna make a very concerted effort to I'm darned, I'm like, by the way, I had covid those last two games. Sorry. Sorry guys. I was sick. I didn't wanna tell you. I was under the weather. I can't believe you guys didn't get sick. Why'd you make me play? Should it make me nervous that the Pats are probably gonna spend on Ronnie Stanley? Because I still don't understand why the Ravens would let Ronnie Stanley go as their left tackle. It's the Ravens have a different salary cap situation and different team and Ronnie Stanley. Good. I'm not nervous then. You Still play. Thank you. Yeah, I mean I, if I'm the, the Patriot, I'm looking at Zach Bond.


If the Eagles let him out, I I I'm looking at Josh Sweat, I'm looking at Milton Williams like I'm Looking at, they said they didn't like Josh Sweat. I think the, I think bond is a real possibility though. Bond would be great and Sweat is good and like Milton Williams Good. The other name, I don't know if like Nick Bolton from the Chiefs, like unbelievable linebacker. See Bill, he's, they can get Nick Bolton. I mean it's Robert Spillane. Like these are like real names that can add to this team and Well the move is what you, what the commanders did last year That Getting those guys that weren't the A-list guys, but they were like the, it's almost like the white Lotus cast strategy. No doubt. It's like we're gonna get Car Coons. Bring me Caron, who's a really good Yeah, car Coon's a really good actress. Washington just went out and got like nine Carrac Coons works.


Yeah. Would that Zach Ertz here? Patrick Schwartzenegger? I think so. I think it works. Yeah. Maybe it does. Austin Eckler starring as Leslie Bibb. Yeah. Austin Ecker is is Greg Gary. The, the the guy, the evil guy. How, I mean that guy's been in all three seasons And I, I mean just consistently Legend doesn't say a word on the, it's just look at the camera. He has that and he has, he was the drug dealer. 9 0 2 1. Oh he's got one of the great IBS of all time. Is that Yeah, he got, he got Dylan hooked on drugs. Khalil Mack. What are the Chargers doing? Bo and Mack. Yeah. Bloated. Could they lose salary? They could. They could. We'll see that's why I'm not like, I wanna wait and see on that. And this is also Joe Ortiz who comes from the Ravens.


It's his first real off season. Last year he was a GM and they drafted well, but like this is Now you gotta, you know, it's time to make some decisions that might not be as easy as just drafting and signing players. Last question. Houston is the most interesting off season team to me Team because team, I don't know how far away they are from being impactful. I thought they were in the mix last year. Especially if you look back at how the season went, how they were able to play against the Chiefs defensively, what they were missing feels easy to, easy to add. I like their coaching staff. I like their division. They're in a great division like that. That could easily be like a 14 and three team next year.


You were high on them last year And I was And they had bad luck. They Actually strong. No, they finished strong and they I know, but they dig got hurt. Final league team. They lost two receivers by the time we got the playoffs. So Digs, digs will be a free agent. Likely. Yeah. Like he's gonna be gone. Okay. What was really interesting to me was Bobby SLO was one of the offensive masterminds interviewing for head coaching jobs two years ago after they had this great essential season. They didn't think they got enough out of the offense. Didn't they fire their offensive coordinator? And then they go to the Rams and they get Nick Kaley who was, you know, wonder Kin under Sean McVay. They bring Kalee in and they also wi with this offense. Like they didn't have Vicki said Stefan digs, they didn't have Tank Dell in the last few weeks of the season and they still in that chiefs game, move the ball up and down the field if they don't have two botched specialties plays.


Right. And a block kick and get sacked eight times. Like they, they're in that game. I'm very, in Retrospect that was the red flag game for the Super Bowl. Absolutely. Looking back as I still continue to kick myself for not just having the balls take. Phil mentioned Houston game was like quite A few pods. Yeah. That Houston game was, was a bad sign for the chiefs. No, that game that They hung around like they did with the, I don't know, Block field goals. Muffed kickoffs. Like, they got everything from the Texans and they couldn't put them away until the very end. So there was some, some red flags there. But what are gonna do? I've been, I, I picked, I I didn't bet. But I picked on, I picked the Chiefs to win that Super Bowl too. And I've heard from Philly fans the entire last month. So it's all good.


We have to go. I have to go talk to Wesley Morris about the Oscars. I'll let you know what happens. Oscars can I tell you proudly have not seen any of these movies. Now. I'll go see one of them. I'll go see a Nora. Great. Great move. Oh, Nora's good. You should see it. Nora. Is it good? Alright. Yeah. Shrieks talk to you before the draft. Great to see you. As always. You're The Manville. Thank you.


This Episode is brought to you by Michelob Ultra. Michelob Ultra. A superior light beer in the ultimate trophy. Win or lose. You're bound to enjoy the ride with a good beer in hand. Michelob ultra crisp, refreshing only 95 calories, a superior light beer. No matter the game Sporter, season superior is worth playing for. So sign up for ultra courtside@michelobultra.com slash courtside and you can enjoy some of these games with a nice beer in your hand. Enjoy responsibly copyright 2025 Anheuser-Busch McClow Ultra Registered Light Beer St. Louis, Missouri Must be 21 plus to order alcohol, alcohol available only in select markets.


This episode is brought to you by State Farm. State Farm helps you score an affordable price when you choose to bundle home and auto insurance with the personal price plan. Bundling home and auto. That's a pro move. Just another way you can save on your insurance needs. Talk to a State Farm agent today to learn how you can bundle and save with the personal price plan Like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Prices are based on rating plans that vary by state coverage. Options are selected by the customer availability. Amount of discounts and savings and eligibility vary by state.


My old longtime friend, Wesley Morris is here. We used to work together at Grantland. He's at the New York Times. Did not talk to him right before the Oscars. Although we talked a couple months ago. We were waiting until ask after the Oscars, which was a very strange Oscars and was dominated by a movie called an Nora Sha Is not You. Like I did like an Nora Shamima did not win. Demi Moore did not win. I'm gonna start here. Okay. And we haven't talked, we've only texted a little bit. I was so happy Mikey Madison won. I thought that was the best performance of any movie I saw. And I did not see the brutalist yet, but I thought she was awesome. And this whole, sometimes this will happen in sports too, where they'll just decide, well, to be more, she's been waiting forever.


She's gotta win. And that was an important movie and, And I was just like, what the fuck? Like Mike Mikey Madison should win Now. Do you agree or disagree with that? Because I feel like you might disagree. Well, okay, I disagree with everything. I think, what do I, okay, I, first of all, I just wanna be clear. I I have no deep visceral problem with Mikey Madison winning. I actually was, I was happy for the surprise of it. Of those five nominees I wasn't terribly excited about. I loved Fernando Torres and I'm still here. I think that Demi Moore, we can talk about what Demi Moore is doing in the substance that I think made her deserving of an Oscar.


Okay. But my two favorite performances, or two of my very favorite performances from last year, their movie's got no nominations. And I just was kind of like this, there needs to be an asterisk next to this, next to these, these fives. Who are the two performances? Nicole Kim in and Baby Girl. Yeah. She was really good in that. And I, I can't believe she didn't get nominated actually For that. I, that is one of the greatest, I mean this is true of Nicole Kidman in general in the last like 15 years. But that performance in Baby Girl is one of the greatest feats of psychological acting I have ever seen.


Wow. I don't know how you, I'm, I'm not an actor and I don't know how you simulate any of the things that Nicole Kidman was asked to do. And Harris Dickman or is it, is it Harris Dickson Dickinson. Dickinson, I think. Yeah. He, he is also great. That is, that is one of the top, that's his performance is one of the top five performances I saw last year. Hmm. Would That been supporting actor for you or actor? Yes. Supporting. I, I could live with supporting, we can talk about category category fraud too. Yeah. Because two of our winners, total category fraudsters And I, anyway, I think that Mikey Madison is good in that movie.


Yeah. My problem with, with the performance is only that the four guys she is working with in this film are extraordinary. All four of those guys is great and, or all four of those guys are great. And, you know, Jora Boris love. I, I'm, I'm so out of practice with these names. I I'm gonna get some of them wrong. But, you know, to single him out is right because, you know, he's got the scene at the end in the car, which is, which is her great moment as an actor too in this movie. I, I I, I like a Nora. I, I like it, I like it more than fine, but I don't love it.


That's how I felt. I think that I, I'd be curious to hear you talk about what you love about Mikey Madison so much. I thought it was a very strange movie year. I didn't feel like a lot of stuff jumped out. And I, you know, we always talk about how it's a little bit like sports where you look back years later and you're like, oh, what was that year? Oh, that was the year Nora won all this stuff. I just thought I didn't know her really at all other than TV stuff. And you know, she was once Upon a time in Yeah. In Hollywood working actress. She was like the 11th person in once Upon a time in Hollywood. True. That's the other, other thing. And I just felt like it, I like those movies sometimes where it's just like, oh, this person's a star.


I'm watching her become a star during the movie. I thought it was a pretty, pretty out there performance. It's a crazy movie that I think has some flaws, which we talked about in the past. But I just thought it was a really like memorable performance. Which, but I also felt that way about Nicole Kidman. I if, if like, if she had won in that category over her, I still wouldn't have a agreed, but I would've understood it. Here's what I'll say about Demi Moore. I, there's a, there's a shot at the beginning or toward the beginning of this film where she has left the set of her aerobics instruction, show her big hit fitness show.


She's going to the bathroom. And on our, on our walk from the studio, I believe, or maybe the executives, I don't exactly know what, where the hallway is going to and leading. Yeah, I know it's gonna the bathroom. But anyway, there are all of these photos of, of various versions of Elizabeth Sparkle, Demi Moore's character and the substance on the wall. Yeah. And they're all from different periods of this character's life. And I just felt like I was also watching like the Hall of Demi Moore. Hmm. And it, like all those portraits correspond, at least, at least in my brain, they corresponded to some moment in Deme Moore's cultural life and her movie Star Life.


And then she gets to the bathroom And I believe there's like, somebody's cleaning the women's room. So what does she have to do? She goes into the men's bathroom that is the Deme Morris shot or sequence maybe ever. And this movie is so dialed in, in its way 'cause it's not about America. It's not about, it's like set in, in a, in a kind of fictionalized Hollywood. We can talk about the kind of European ation and the, the sort of, the ways in which non-American filmmakers and ideas have officially made an inexorable mark on the Academy Awards and, and the, and the academy itself.


That I don't, it's just not going anywhere anytime soon. So we have to think about what the Oscars even are going forward. But anyway, this movie to me, like, and once she gets into the bathroom, you have the Dennis Quaid character in the bathroom talking about how Over the Hill to me more is as an actress. Yeah. Or you know, Elizabeth Sparkle e as an actress. And I I, from that sequence forward, this movie was as much about the actor playing this part as it was about the character she's playing. And the, the total I have never seen. And to me more is committed to a lot of parts. I mean, GI Jane being maybe the, the ultimate strip tease being an ultimate like part commitment.


She's never been the strongest line reader. She's never been the most convincing when her, when when she has to hit an upper register. Like anger is not something like verbal anger, verbally expressed anger. But she can make her face twitch. Her eyes can do that. Like, you know, and ghost like they're and ghosts, they're Yeah, they're, they're like sizzling a little bit when she's, when she's suffering and, but her lower register, you know, you know, suck my dick that, that, that line in GIG And I mean, she can sell those lower register rages. But this was something new for me with Demi Moore where like her physical commitment to the part had a emotional stake.


You're Bringing, you're bringing in your 40 plus year history with her movies and that became part of the performance for you. Yes. And I think that that might have, I Think that's fair. I get it. Yeah. But if you're, I'm sorry if you're, Can I, can I do my history? Yeah. But can I just real quick, like if you're an Iranian voter, do you care about 40 years of de You Don't, you're just doing best performance. You're just like Right, right, Right. I went back to to be more in general hospital. 'cause I was watching General Hospital in the early eighties. That's where she broke in Yep. Was with her through the Brat Pack years. It was amazing to watch her. It felt like she fizzled out and then became a big star. I think she was really under it. Like we did Disclosure for re watchable.


She's just great in that movie. She's just a 10 out of 10 smoking hot. Incredibly confident. But I swear to God, I think the best scene of her entire career, you're gonna laugh. And this is one of my, one of my takes that I'll probably take shit for And I don't really care. You're, you, you're used to it. Go On. When, when Rob Lowe breaks up with her in about last night Oh. And he says he doesn't love her anymore. I honestly think that's the best acting moment of her career the way and apparently he ad-libbed it. Mm. And it wasn't in there, but the way she reacts to it, you could just see it go through her entire body. I think she's had some really great acting moments over the years.


I was just about to say Bill. There's so many moments like that. But Gi Jane's another one. Disclosures like that. I think she's good in Ghost. I think it's saying almost fire. She has a couple moments where you're like, I would, I would run through fiery hell to get this girl to like me. Right? Yep. And she's a 1 0 1 where, I don't even know there's a little Kathleen Turner in there. Just 'cause of her voice. Yeah. Yeah. But she was drop dead beautiful in the eighties and then kind of transformed over the nineties. So I, we've been there the whole time with her. But I, part of what I thought was interesting about this movie, 'cause you're right, it's a career retrospective of her. I actually feel like her career should have been better. I think, I think she Could have made, Ooh, I love this.


I think she could have made better movie choices when she had her peak. Like you think about even like making a movie like strip cheese, that was like a paycheck movie. That's like what we get mad at some actors doing. Right. But You know, that strip tease, wait, let's go back to 1990. Fox's, like, I wanna work with my husband. That movie sucks. I don't like that movie. Wait, Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait. No. That movie sucks. You're you're throwing too much at me. I know. I you're too much at me. Hold up. Wait. Let's go back to strip tease. It. It, that movie was more than a paycheck movie. Like it was, I believe, well, it it did pay her a lot If memory service, she Became the biggest, biggest contract. That was the biggest salary anyone made in, in Hollywood. But it was also at the peak of her, of her de meanness.


Right. She had a great 1990s. She had, I mean she was, she was one, she was a top five Box office draw. She was in indecent proposal. I, I mean, we'll just, She's good in decent proposal. I I'm not arguing the success. I just wish there were a couple awesome movies in there where she was like, going for an Oscar. And I don't think that was even on the radar for her. But I don't think she had that in her is the thing like think about the Scarlet Letter. So That's where we disagree. I think. I think she had it in her. You, what do you think happened? Because it's not like she didn't get I don't she had The right part. What if she was the, what if she was the prostitute and leaving Las Vegas instead of Elizabeth Shu? You wouldn't have, was she probably too old? It wouldn't No, she's too, I mean, too old when they, when they made that movie.


No, no. I think that that's not it. 'cause I bet you she and Elizabeth Shu are the same age. I think. Yeah, you're You're right. They probably are. I I think that Deme Moore, and this is why she's so good in Ghost by the way. I think that she presents as invulnerable, right? She's, I mean her whole, her whole thing, when she became a real major movie star where people were paying money to see movies she was in, was just about her toughness. Right? Yeah. I mean, she's often the only woman in these movies. A few good men. She's the woman. Well, That's her worst part. It's her worst part.


And maybe like her worst piece of acting, because she's kind of seems secondary to everybody else's priorities in some ways. Rob Reiner is a great director of actors. So I don't know what his side of the story Part of the problem is, the mid nineties did not have a lot of great female parts. If you go back, even you look at it, you go back and look at the Oscars during some of those stretches. Like, could she have been Sharon Snellen's part in Casino? No. You don't think so? Why? I mean, I'm sure that, I mean, I can't say no. I I definitely would've loved to have seen her play the part I don't have an argument for why she couldn't have done it. Like Yeah, like caster into Casino. I thought you were gonna go with Basic Instinct. Could which she really could have done.


She would've been too famous for. But did she could have she been one of the disclosure was basically her basic instinct. Could she have been Annette Benning in American Beauty? No. No. Oh, so you think she's more limited than I do. I I, I think, I think she, I feel like there was more there. She also got married to Bruce Willis. They became a giant celebrity couple and they had three kids. So that, that, that probably hurt the output of movie she was making at some point. This is why I want to go back to Mortal Thoughts because Yeah. It's a great combination of the thing I'm identifying about her that I like, which is the strength with these pockets of vulnerability. Hmm. You don't believe, and the thing about Mortal Thoughts is it's two women.


Glen Headley's, the other woman because Glen Headley used to be a thing. Right. And wonderful actress. The two of them in that movie are wonder where She's stuck with Mr. Holland even after he almost ran away with a 17-year-old. Still stayed there with him. Yeah. Did it, did it all. And this movie and More Mortal Thoughts I think. Is it, is it Alan Rudolph directed this movie? Yeah. From two, from 1991. I say it's A Tuby classic. Tuby just is always trying to get me to rewatch it. I'm like no Tuby, no not biting Bill. I fell for it. You did. Tuby sucked you in. I have Fairly, tuby Was like recently watched just throwing the fishing rod at you. I rewatched it.


Okay. And there's more going on. It does not ultimately work because it's structurally, it's structurally it should just go chronologically and shouldn't do all the sort of jumping around in time that it does. And, but to me, more, We don't have to to spend 10 minutes on Mortal Thoughts. There's a Struggle in here. I know. I'm just thinking through like what, what is, what worked for me and what the surprise was with Respected to me more like, there's a struggle in her, I think as an actor where she's trying to figure out how, like what the what, how to modulate the, the shell that she sort of moves through movies with and in a movie like Mortal Thoughts, I mean some of what's required for that part.


She's plays, she's playing a woman being abused by her husband. They conspire to kill him. I I think I'm getting this right. Yeah. They, they conspire to kill him. She and Glen Headley. And then they spend the rest of the movie trying to figure out how to get away with Murder. It's like a bad thema in Louise. It's Oh, whoa. You know what's crazy? It's, Yes. And it came around right around around the same time. Yeah. And that was the movie didn't work also. 'cause they, you don't believe them as New Jersey Housewives or whatever. Oh, That where they had, there were accents. Bruce Wilson had a crazy facial hair thing going. Right. And it's like, come on Bruce Lewis. So what was your favorite to be more performance before this movie? What's your, what was your number one?


Because my favorites, I loved her in about last night, which I, as you know, I think is the, the first modern romcom. But I thought she was great in that. I thought she was great in disclosure. I think she's great in Ghost. I listened to you guys talk about disclosure And I know I don't you don't like disclosure. I don't want takes I don't like that. I don't like it. I don't think she's good. It's not a good use of De Me more. I, I liked it if you're just making a random movie and you're just showing up for 11 days of shooting. It's, it's, it's a good one. I mean, three straight guys talking about disclosure is just, That was part of the gimmick. I know. It just was like, I'm like, there Needs to be ghost, but ghost's, goshi, iss really good though.


Ghost, I think is is the number one number Movie is a monster movie. Number one answer because that movie is like not so secretly strange. Right. It's not just the supernatural parts. Well, It did, it tell, it taught us what happens when you go to hell, Gobbins come out of the, come out of the street and they pull you down. They shadow goblins and that's it. You're fucking in hell from that point on, they have the code. But I also love what she and Whoopi Goldberg get up to. Yeah. I love big, great scenes. I Love her disbelief that, that the thing that that she's being told is happening is happening to her. Yeah. I believe her as a woman named Molly, which, you know, that's a huge, that's a big deal.


Yeah. And I just think that that movie is so, it's so much about Deme Moore's character and the movie's about her and there's just, she's so soft in that movie and the moments in which she has to like, put a shield over herself. They work because you understand the movie has given you enough of this, like this vulnerable, you know, woman who just doesn't believe that this magical thing that is about is about to, that's about to happen to her is really gonna happen. Yeah. I just think it's a, I mean it's strange because in 1990, who were your best actress?


SOEs, Julia Roberts, Meryl Streep, Joanne Woodward, Kathy Bates, who won And Angelica Houston, I wanna say for the Grifters. Yeah. Sh I mean, it's not like she was remiss. I mean, Julia Roberts took the movie star part Twins, the Movie star nomination for those five people. Roberts. Yeah. You had the five that was impressive. I don't know. Was loaded, loaded year. Jesus Christ. I mean, any one of those people could have been Shit. The best actress. Holy shit. And then the next year was loaded too. And then in the mid nineties, nothing will top her turning on the lights in about last night because I think we've been in the dark long enough. Oh wow. That movie has some groaner lines.


You gotta watch it. It's, that is, she's really great in it though. I Haven't seen it in a while. Haven't seen it in A while. It's, it's really, really, really an enjoyable run. How'd you feel about the best actor? Well, I mean the winner or the, the nominees. The Just how it played out. I, so here's my sports angle on Shaima. Great for great career move not to win. Oh yeah. Great career move. He Should, should Nine one should way Better. Next movie. This happened to Leo too. This is, oh, when's he gonna win? You wanna get into that? When's he gonna win Zone? Because now it just helps you with the celebrity of being an actor. I also don't think it, it, I also, it's complicated. Right. He's probably gonna be one of the last actors to be in this position.


Right? Where like, he'll just, he'll just be nominated two, maybe, maybe two more times before he actually wins. Yeah. This It be like, he'll have to be in the Revenant, he'll have to crawl out of a dead bear. Oh My God. Jesus. He'll have to get the shit kicked out of him. And I'm looking Forward to Timothy Alima is The Revenant because he definitely has it in him. The the question is like, is that script ever gonna come his way? Well, here's the thing. Can I, can I throw this theory at you? Okay. I think what happened with this Oscars run and with Shala Ma in general, we always, I mean, how many pods did Sean do about who's the next big star? Who we always would. We've done pods about who's the next big actor in Hollywood?


Are we ever gonna have one? Is this just moving into This? I love listen to Sean talk about that stuff. Well, is it, is this ever gonna happen again? Does the way this Amanda Yeah. Does the way the system, the way it's structured now, does it just make it impossible because we just throw like some DC comics or Marvel suit on them after they, after they become famous. I think what happened with him, SNL really helped going on college game day the way he navigates, you could feel it in the Oscars telecast too. He was kind of in that Leo spot. Yeah. They kept going to him. They kept showing him. Oh, people were mentioning him and it just felt like it was kind of his Leo early two thousands moment. Right. This Is a great point because I actually didn't even think about DiCaprio in that moment.


And I thought I went, I went past Leonardo DiCaprio and went to like Streep and Nicholson. Right, right. Where he was the person, they weren't even making fun of him at some points. No, it wasn't even Conan O'Brien Joking The fucking clout. Yes. People were like just shouting him out because they thought he was cool. I Think he has about as high of an approval rating of an actor that we've seen in a long time. I think really since Leo in the early two when Leo was in that aviator stage. And we were like, you know what man, this stand, this guy is, he's handsome. Everybody likes him. He's a really good actor and he stands for the right things. He wants to work with good directors. He wants to challenge himself. I know, I know.


Shala MA's Sag speech didn't go over fantastic when he was talking about how he wanted be one of the greats. But I loved it. I I Thought it was great. I'm glad he said it. That, I mean, as, as sports people Bill, I think we just, what we want is a little bit of honesty in terms of people's ambitions. Yeah. And if you think you can go all the way, he wasn't even saying I'm the greatest. He's like, I wanna be one of the great actors. It was authentic, which is all we want want from athletes, celebrities, whoever. Just be, just fucking say what you want. Be yourself, be yourself. Don't try to be some manufactured, I think people are gonna like this version of me and this will help me if I appear this way. Like, I don't think he's like that.


No, I think there's, I mean, I think part Of at least not yet, maybe he'll turn into that. They don't talk about you that way. I mean, think about, I mean this is not quite fair to the person I'm about, I'm about to name, but think about a show where like they would treat Kirin Culkin this way. Right. I think that there is, there's like real belief in, in, in Timothy Chalamet as more than just like an actor. I mean, he, he embodies something that people seem to like. Also, it's important to say that he, he's just really good at being himself And I don't know what that is really, but I just enjoy when he shows up, you know, on some, you know, Canadian talk show, like hanging out in the record store with this, with the talk show host.


And I don't know if you saw that, like, I, I don't even know where I saw it, but it came to me And I was like, I love this guy. He really went along with it. And he, He's the guy who was waiting outside MSG for Ma Meyer to like sign a fucking jersey for him. Like he, he still has that authenticity And I don't know, Hollywood beats that outta you sometimes And I hope it doesn't with him. The difference between, yeah. I think the difference between him and DiCaprio also, and this is also important. He seems to be fine with it. DiCaprio didn't like it. He, I don't know that he likes it to this day, but, Well, he liked, he liked some of the ccma. He liked the spoils. The spoils, yes. But He liked the, he he liked the spoils.


Right. But he doesn't like the actual, he doesn not, he's not in it for, you know, Jimmy Kimmel, Conan O'Brien kind of poking him in the ribs a little bit. Yeah. Shale, he can roll he leaves like his, his his skin is thick. He can handle it. And I Gotta gotta say, I think the way Leo handled his career was, was brilliant. He, I mean, you can No Notes. No notes. I mean, just like he, he studied some of the old greats. I don't need to do a shitload of interviews. There needs to still be a little mystery about me. And he kept the mystery, he for better and worse because that, that also allows people to, you know, he's doing this, he's at this party, he has a pussy wrangler.


Like that's an actual phrase used with, with Leo. But let, it let's that guy's, his pussy wrangler Keep him on their toes. Right. Like, I mean, let, he is willing to be the brunt of, of some brutal jokes. I'm thinking specifically about Tina Fay and Amy Poer going at him at the Golden Globes. Yeah. He can, he just, he is like, if this is the price, if the price is having two funny people like roast me for some stuff they think I did or the like the Yeah. Community thinks I did. I'll take it. I still don't have to do an interview. I like it. Who else? I mean there's been De Niro for a while we, we, he had a real mystery and then something snapped in the nineties and, and we went the other way with it.


But What do you mean? Like what, what do you think? What changed? Well, he just started doing a ton of movies. He started going on SNLI mean, part of De Niro, like De Niro was this mythical figure. It's like, who? Yes, yes. What, who is this guy? What he Relaxed? But does he seem any more known to you? No, he's, he's actually ironically a terrible interview. Yeah. I mean, he's still, he's still mysterious to me. I don't, I don't pretend to know anything. So, wait, Because I have a couple other things I wanna hit with you. So you Yes. Your best actor was what was who Of those five people? Oh, Joe. No. Gimme anybody. You even, you know, somebody who didn't get nominated. Yeah. Who'd you, who was the best male performance for you? I mean, I really, I'm just gonna stick with Adrian Brody.


I mean, he was the person who, who, when I saw him in the fir in the opening shot of the brutalist, I was just like, well, this is, we're, we're headed into, there will be blood territory in terms of what the acting is doing. I just think that this is a guy who I'm just gonna, we, I don't wanna talk about the speech. I can't even, yeah, it's, I don't even know what to do with talk performance with the speech. Forget it. He's, he's annoying. Whatever. I, I a little bit understand where it came from, but then it took a turn and then I was like, no, you gotta just, anyway, but he was my, he of those five guys, I'll just stay with those five guys. He was my favorite of the, of the nominated performances.


And he also was the best. He, it was the, it was the one of the best pieces of acting I saw last year, period. And I think what I loved about it was the, the restraint. The way he, the way his, there's something like an, there's an anchor. It's so different from the piano, from, from the pianist's performance, right? Yeah. Where that character seemed to be blowing through, through the, through the narrative. And part of what was beautiful about that performance was just that he was in a silent movie, essentially. And you were watching somebody do, was like a, like a Charlie Chaplin, but under the worst possible circumstances for a human being.


And he just seemed to keep surviving in an almost tragic, realist way. And this movie is the opposite, where it's, everything about it is internal. And how many levers can he keep down on the emotional circumstances, you know, dealing with the Guy Pierce character, keeping his eyes open. You know, there's a weariness and a skepticism about what this character is up against at all, at all times. Yeah.


There's that great scene. Oh, you haven't seen it, bill, have you? I haven't seen it. Alright. I gotta just, I'm gonna tell you about this one scene, please. There's this one scene. Felicity Jones is his wife. She is, she eventually makes her way over to the United States. They wind up living together in this, in this smallish apartment with her cousin and these three Holocaust survivors in this little apartment. They haven't, the husband and wife have not seen each other in a long time. And there is an expectation from her that they're gonna do it. And this is truly, this, this scene between these two actors and between these two characters is like, I'm getting chills.


Just thinking about it is one of the most loaded sexual encounters that also is freighted by, you know, watching it in 2000, 24, 25, you know, 60 years, you know, 70 years of history. And the history that these characters have with each other. Were like, they're just different people now. This, this, the Holocaust has changed them. The time they've spent a part has changed them. Her body's different. His his interest in her body is different. It, it is. I'm not even gonna, I can't be more detailed about the scene because I don't wanna, people haven't seen it. I'm Gonna see, I wasn't gonna skip it, but I just, That is one of the best directed, best acted scenes between two actors in a bed that I have ever seen.


And I will say as a, you know, parenthetically not a lot of bed scenes in baby girls, so they didn't have a lot of competition. Well, Yeah, that's true. Lot of, lot of hotel room carpets. And I wanna talk about Hackman And I want to talk quick about way Lotus. So any other Oscar thoughts? 'cause we're gonna take a break. We can talk about Hackman. No, well I, can I just say one thing? Yeah. We, you, we can save it for after the break, but I wanna talk about like, what these Oscars mean because this felt, these are different. Something is, something has changed. I don't, it, it kind of is both promising, but also not, it doesn't feel good based on the way people are talking to me about the Academy Awards.


Yeah. And I'm curious if what people in your life and world are saying, I mean, we can do this now. Okay. I just think we've been talking about the Oscars for a while. I think sometimes things morph over time culturally, you know, like when we were talking about All Star Weekend a couple, couple weeks ago on the podcast, And I think it was, maybe it was Van or I can't remember, I'm sorry, I can't remember who said it, but about whether they're, whether it just had a cultural expiration date And Yeah. Yeah. Things can just, I think that was, yeah, things can shift and change. I think about, people used to care about regular season baseball and now they just care about their own teams.


Like as you get older, you just see like things sometimes run their course. And with the Oscars, you know, whether people care about who wins the way they did in 1982. I, I just don't know if they do. I don't, especially the younger generation. The younger generation was probably like, did Shala Me win? Would would be the way they could that like my kids, I pro my, I have a 17-year-old 19-year-old who are pretty sports culture, like in the mix at least a little bit. 'cause of me, they didn't care about the Oscars, but when we were kids, And I, I'm older than you, but both of our generations, like, we really cared who won. And I just, I wonder if that's just shifted now, But it's shift.


Oh man. You know, but it, But a part of it is like the NBA issue, right? When they talk about Face of the League and, and my whole case is like, when somebody really matters, we won't have this conversation. 'cause we'll know something ma you know, we'll know that person mattered. Like if there's another Titanic, there's another big ass movie, or there's another big ass star with an awesome performance, people are gonna care if that person or that movie wins Right. This year didn't have a movie like that. And it's always gonna suffer when that's the case. But I also think that those movies aren't, like, that's just, they're not gonna happen. And also the thing about the old way, and this is not nostalgia speaking, this is just, you know, facts. You know, there were, there was a kind of randomness to what the Five Best Pictures wound up being or the Five Best Picture nominees.


And, you know, there was a healthy movie going ecosystem or one that seemed healthy to like an average could, could seem mouthy to an average moviegoer. Yeah. Where like, there was a lot of movies to choose from. They weren't all trying to win Oscars, you know, and sometimes the ones that weren't trying Wound up mattering to Right. Stumbled into it. A Lot of people. And, but we were Also, we were making less movies. There was no confusion between is this something I watch at home on my tv or do I go to the theater to see it? We had way less TV competition with the high end stuff. We didn't, we had all the best actors were just doing movies. And now it's like, you might see a, a really great actor just do a TV show instead.


So it just feels like it's splintered in a whole bunch of different ways. I still care, I still care about the history and how current stuff relates to it, but I think I'm like an anomaly. I Was gonna say, we don't count. I don't think. Yeah, we don't Count. I I I think that, but, but I'm telling you, you're mentioning your kids. I'm talking to people your kids age and I'm talking to people older than we Are in, in their Oh yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Who are also like, I'm out. I can't, y'all, y'all got me to see Conclave and then pull that shit at the end. I don't, I'm out like, y'all trying to Rope ado me into having feelings I don't wanna be having Now as a conclave person, I will tell you that, that, that, that dismount is pretty ingenious.


I love That movie Con Concave supporter. Okay. I You don't like it. I thought it was The Twist was stupid. Oh, I loved it. It's it is, it is such, it Is such a, I thought it was, I didn't think in the movie needed it. I was more interested Ins who you want to win. Who did you want to? I just, I just like being in the world as they tried to figure it out and undermine each other. Like it was just a classic old school movie. I didn't feel like it needed a twist. I think that that, like what we're gonna call a twist was really ingenious because they, I think the movie earns it. I've heard this case. I'm not, I I just personally didn't work for me.


Alright. But that's not my point. My point is, I talk to so many people of so many different age ranges, like age demographics, right. Generationally, everybody's out. Like nobody feels like the movies are for them. And I dunno what to do with that because it's not Sean Baker's fault. It's not the Substance's Fault. Do you think Nickel Boys was out here trying to win a bunch of Oscars? No. This is the story that morale Rammel Ross wanted to tell about, like, based on like, you know, quote based on Colston White as novel. Like Yeah. He, there was, there's so much risk taken in these, by these movies, these best Picture nominees this year.


They, they, they were doing strange, unusual, weird things. And I'm saying this as a person who saw Jamma Del Toro's, the Shape of Water, which won Best Picture a woman about a woman in love with a fish. Like, you know, strange things happen to Best Picture nominees or in Best Picture nominees. But this was the first year where I can understand what it is the public wants. And what the public wants is movies that not only have they seen, but they want to have like a wealth of movies if they're gonna be going to the movies, like to a physical movie theater. Yeah. They, they wanna go look at, they wanna look at famous people.


They want movie stars like Dead Pull and Wolverine are movie stars. Yeah. Like this iteration, this Anthony Mackey, captain America to like, to people who aren't invested in the Marvel universe, Marvel cinematic universe. Like he's important and we all know like what this iteration of Captain America is and does if you read the comic and et cetera, et cetera. But like do people does is Anthony Mackey a draw for people? I mean, the movie seems like it's doing okay, but my point, my larger point is this is just me saying once again to you, bill, that the IP is still, I think people are now tired of the IP even.


Right? Well we did the I the ips worn out. It's welcome. We did Rocky for the re watchable that went up last night and Rocky won, won Best Picture. Wait, you guys have never done Rocky. We did three and four. Rocky is now a prequel for Rocky three. That was part of my case. We're not doing it. So Rocky three is the best movie, the eighties. I agree. But I, I mean, sort of Rocky wins all the President's Men Network and Taxi Driver don't win. And then you go to the best actor Con and, and it's just, you're just looking at it like, oh my God. And granted it was almost 50 years ago, but you're like, oh my God, look at the movies we were making.


No. Go back to 2014, Right? Yeah. Was that the year that Gravity and was that the year of, of Dallas Byers Club Gravity American Hustle Curb. Yeah. 12 years A Slave Years American Hustle, captain Phillips, Dallas Byers Club, gravity, herb, Nebraska, the Wolf of Wall Street. Ah, That deck was so stacked that Tom Hanks giving one of the best performances he's ever given. And Captain Phillips did not get A best actor nomination. Right. Let's take a quick break. I wanna talk about Hackman.


This episode is brought to you by Uber Eats. Whether you're ordering wings for the game, whipping up a seven layer dip or ordering pizza, there's something about football that makes you wanna eat. And this football season, Uber Eats has the best deals on game day food. No matter what you're craving from two for one pizza to buy one get one wings. Uber Eats will be dropping new deals each week, all season long. Uber Eats the official on demand delivery partner of the NFL. Order Now for game day terms and conditions apply. See app for details.


This episode is brought to you by Redfin. I love looking at real estate. You could be in the market to buy or rent, whatever it is. You might just like scrolling around, seeing what's out there. You might like checking out neighborhoods. Then go into Google Earth and then checking out the overhead thing in the neighborhood. I don't know, whatever floats your boat, you might like looking at big mansions on the water in Massachusetts. I can either confirm or duh, I've never done that. Whatever reason you're looking, I recommend the Redfin app. Redfin, it's gotten better every single year. It makes it fun to search all the homes for sale apartments, for rent in your neighborhood. Filter for price, beds, bath square footage, so much more. And if you find a place you love, Redfin makes it really easy to go see it in person. Schedule a tour right now from the app. Plus, if you're looking to sell Redfin agents know how to get you the best price possible for your home. That's because they close twice as many deals as other agents. And with the listing fee as low as 1%, Redfin's fees are half of what others often charge, which means you'll have more money to put toward your next home. So whether you're looking to buy, rent, or sell Redfin's got you covered. Download the Redfin app to get started.


This episode is brought to you by Mint Mobile. Why you can always dream about winning big with the lotto. There's stuff you can do right now to get more money in your pocket. Who doesn't love more money? I remember in the late nineties I had my own website was making money from that. I was also bartending. I was waitering And I, I still was scrambling And I started writing for some wrestling magazines for a few months. That's the thing. You gotta keep the side hustles going. You gotta make extra money any way you can. Another great way to save money, switch your wireless carrier to Mint Mobile premium. Wireless plans starting 15 bucks a month. All their plans come with unlimited talk and text on the nation's largest 5G network. You can even bring your own phone if you like your money. Mint Mobile is for you. Shop plans at Mint Mobile dot com slash bill. That's Mint Mobile dot com slash bill. Upfront payment of $45 for a three month five gigabyte plan required equivalent to $50 a month. New customer offer for first three months only. Then full price plan options available, taxes and fees, extra Mint Mobile for details.


Okay. Gene Hackman died earlier this week and he was old. It wasn't like a, a big surprise. Hopefully the details of how he died, I've heard some things Aren't too awful, but I have a feeling they, they might not be great, but you know, he was somebody that had this awesome, awesome, awesome career forever and then just walked away and didn't, we never kind of saw him again. He almost have the Johnny Carson going to Malibu and I'm out. That's it. I'm done there. There's nobody really like him. No. That I can think of. It's like a, he's a true 1 0 1. And you know, even like we, in the re washables we've done, I think, I think we did like eight Hackman movies, something like that, where, and you would never think like he would be one of the more re watchable actors, but he just over and over again with popping and stuff.


And what was interesting watching as his career evolved was how the other actors would talk about what it was like to kind of be in a movie with him. And it was like, almost like you're going against him. And it's, I was trying to think of like how many actors are discussed that way. Where it's like, I'm with Hackman, gotta raise my game today. Yeah. I gotta raise my game this week. Like he reached that part of it too. There was just nobody like him. But you could go way back, like downhill racer, which I think fantasy And I are gonna do on re watchable at some point. Ooh, it's an awesome movie. And it's probably the first great modern sports movie, even though it's not totally modern. But he's even great than that. And that was what, 1969? So I think so, yeah. There wasn't a career quite like this.


Will we ever have another Gene Hackman? No, because I mean, here's, you know, you, you know me well enough to know that my taste and men is eclectic, but I'm just gonna say for the average person, they're not, they're not looking at Jeanie Hackman and going, oh yeah, Yeah, I'll take it. You talk, you're tapping in a horny hack. Horny hacks already. Yeah. That horny side. Yeah. We talk about that in the re watchable. Sometimes she gets some little Randy in some movies. I he He is. But I think there's something about the his, his kind of average looking ness.


Yeah. Like, you know, he, he did not wear a toupee. He did not hide his, his loss of his hair. He always just seemed like he was perpetually 45 years old. Yeah. He came to us 45 years old and like when he left, he maybe seemed 60. I don't know, it's like 58 years old when he left. Yeah. Yeah. He Just, he just seemed permanently middle aged, which is a thing that just will never happen now I think, Think the Well then the, but the other piece with that was it somehow allowed him to play all of these different parts. Yes. Yes. That he could be like, he could be a basketball coach, he could be in a buddy cop movie.


He could be the bad guy in a buddy cop movie. He could be somebody that's, you know, running a submarine. He could be somebody who's the president. He could be somebody trying to FBI agent. He could be somebody trying to break into the White House, the Civil rights movement. Like Yeah. He could be somebody who's like trying to figure out the heist and he's in charge of the heist. Or he could be the person who is like working on the heist. Yeah. I think he could be the sports movie coach. Like he could do literally anything. Anything. I think that his, well also that kind of does speak in some weird way to what America is. And I know this sounds like cheesy and corny and cheap, but like, if you are coming to this country for the first time and you wanna, you like one of the many things that tells you that you're in the United States of America, it's probably Gene Hackman.


Right? This is a person who, in all of the jobs that he could be doing seems credible in them. He's not conventionally good looking like the idea that he and Warren Beatty are supposed to be brothers. And Bonnie and Clyde. It's just one of the most laughable things I've ever seen. Like Yeah. Adopted brothers. I don't know, it just, it's just, it's comical. There is something also like unpredictable about him and it isn't so much that, you know, I think about him in the French connection. Right. One of the, well, if you think of, if you diagram the psyche of, you've diagram that sentence psychologically, this is like a terrible human being. He's a racist, like racist cop in New York City shaking down people in bars just for, for kicks Basically.


Him and Jack. Him and Jack Kates in 48 hours are my favorite cop characters that are also completely indefensible. Yeah. But you know, Popeye Doyle never had an Eddie Murphy to come and give one of the great rebuttals to the racism Yeah. In the, in the movies, right? Yeah. Or like to, to anybody's racism in the movies. Popeye Doyle stands as a singular character because he's never, he's never brought in to heal. He's never, nobody ever like wags their finger in his face in a way that means anything. Because ultimately he's looking for what, you know, a moviegoer will recognize as, as, as a kind of narrative justice.


Like he's trying to solve this mystery and the command, the like easy like kind of sexy command that he has in that, in those bar, in those shakedown scenes. You know, he just, it's just a great dirty, filthy character. Yeah. Who, and the character works because he's got swag, you know? Right. And he didn't, he could turn that on and he could turn it off. But you really No way out was like that. That was another one where he Oh, there just kind of sleazy, right? Yeah. But sleazy powerful. And you could just kind of see it. The other thing with him that I thought was cool, you could just throw him another great parts and he makes sense.


Like, you could put him in The Godfather. He is just, just be Tom Hagen, you're gonna be Tom Hagen instead of Devall. And it's like, yeah, Hackman would've been fine. This Is a great point. Could have pulled it off. Great point. Can I tell you how many years I thought the Tom Hagan was played by Gene Hacker? Right. I sometimes have to remind myself that Robert Duval is not Gene Hackman in that movie. Rick Could like, could he have Nicholson's, you know, all time incredible in Chinatown. But could the movie have survived if it was Gene Hackman in Chinatown? Like Probably it would still would've worked. It would've Been worked. It Been fine terms of Endearment works with Gene Hackman. Yeah. Every, that's the thing. It's, and that's why I think he's so unique because it's almost like a basketball player that could, could play like a bunch of different positions and guard a different bunch of it.


And it's just like, oh, when we have this guy, we basically can do anything we want. But you know what he cannot do and never really tried comedy. He never did Crazy ne well, he did do comedy and he was pretty The birdcage, I'm, that's the first thing that comes to mind. How About, are you a Heartbreakers person? Oh, Mr. Sigourney Waver and Jennifer Loveit. Corny Hacks is out in full Bloom. Oh, this is, I mean, I, I mean, I'm already out as like, you know, I've about myself as being like into Gene Hackman, but yeah, that's Really quite a confession. But no, his Lex Luthor, his Lex Luthor, That's how I got to know him. By the way, that was my first Gene Hackman movie. That was my first Gene Hackman. Yeah. My first Gene Hackman was Lex. It's guy's, this guy In the 78 Superman.


And listen, he's sexy. He's sexy in that movie. And there's like, and he, I don't know what he knew, but he definitely seemed to understand that Lex Luthor thought he was sexy. Yeah. And that was good enough for him. Right? Like, could he have done Liam Neeson and taken I think he could have. Yeah. But he, oh wait, but this is my, I was gonna say, speaking of which, I he never did crazy, crazy is the thing. He never did. He never played. So He never did like Tommy Lee Jones and blown Away just as a crazy Irish terrorist. I mean, blown up shit. Just go back to like one of his primes. Like he couldn't have played Travis Bickell.


No. You also wouldn't have believed him as, as Woodward. Right. You wouldn't have believed him as Bob Woodward Could have done, done it. No, because I would never think he was, I would never think he would not be in control when I see Gene. Exactly. Yeah, Exactly. He would've flown off the handle way before it was time. Right. And I, there there are just some things, like, this is an interesting distinction that we're trying to make here, which is that I'm saying he's never played crazy. Right. He's never played a crazy person like a psychopath. You know, you can say what you will, what you want about Little Bill and Unforgiven, but that guy was just evil's not the same thing as crazy. No, you're right.


I, I totally get what you mean. But, well, the other part is he didn't bring Gene Hackman the famous celebrity person into the role. That kind of baggage that some other, like I would say Dustin Hoffman or Nicholson. Mm. And you're always thinking it's Nicholson. Yeah. You're always thinking it's Dustin Hoffman. This Is a good Distinction too. Hackman could kind of blend into the different parts and where it's like, oh, I love Gene Hackman. But then you'd kind of like, enemy of the State's a good example. He's Gene Hackman, but you're watching, he just kind of blends in and out. Now all of a sudden he's this weird guy. I don't know what he is up to and is he gonna help Will Smith or not? Yeah. And you kind of just forget he is Gene Hackman. Think about all the people he's mentored too, right? Oh yeah.


I mean just, And everybody talks about it after, like, whoa. Yeah, that was like, I went to grad school when I did acting with Gene Hackman. Wait, what is it? But what is that though? Right? Well, I think it's professionalism. Just going onto the set knowing exactly who you are. Like real confidence, a little bit of a charisma. You're not gonna back down anybody. I think he had some size to him too, which I think Oh, he was, is unusual for Hollywood. You know, was he Six one tall? Yeah, I think he was, you know, he was, He said they definitely seem substantial, right? Yeah. Like there was a, I mean, this is part of the thing that I got for Gene Hackman is he just seemed meaty.


Like there was some, there was often some meat on those bones. Like he seemed big boned is really what it was like, not fit at all, but not interested in fitness. Not vain. There's no vanity. Right. He just, whoever he is playing, it's just there to do the work. 'cause often these are working people. All these guys have jobs. And even the guy that he plays in the, in the bird cage, the, the senator, the kind of like bigoted senator who kind of like, never changes but keeps going along with the program. Yeah. And part of the comedy of the movie is you fully expect him to like give himself over by like showing up in, you know, coming out of the cl some, some crazy plot twist or something.


But instead he is just like, man, this is the world. It's very Billy Wilder of him that, that the approach he takes in the, in the bird cage, Mike Nichols directed it. So it's not like, it's not a crazy thing to have a smart performance, like stay in a lane because the director knows the payoff will be there at the end. But there's just, I Well, your crazy point is good because I wouldn't have wanted to see Gene Hackman in The Shining. He couldn't have done it, I Don't think. I just wouldn't have bought it. I wouldn't, I just don't think it works. But he Doesn't burn slow like that. Yeah, he's eruptive. He's eruptive. He Couldn't have, well, what's interesting is like he could play the president, he could have played the president's conniving chief of staff.


Yes. He could have played, he basically could have played every part in the White House, could have played the vice president who doesn't like the president. He could have played the, the guy, the military general who works for the president. Like just go, go through anybody that is involved with the president and could probably played every part. Yeah. Where like if Nick, when Nicholson's the president, you're kind of like, ah, it's Jack Nicholson. Like even when Jack Nicholson is in broadcast news and he's good. Yes. But you could argue Hackman might have been better on that part. Right. You know, you know what's interesting because He still feels like Jack Nicholson in broadcast news. I'm not buying him as like a network anchor.


The the thing Well, he would've been the president of the network, right? Or Yeah, whatever he was No, no, no. He as the anchor. But what I'm saying is Hackman, you would've more believed him as the president. He couldn't Or The Robert Prosky part. Yes. Like he was like working with Holly Hunter. Yes. Yeah. He could have been that guy. Yes. He would not have made sense as any of, he wouldn't have made sense as William Hurt or Albert Brooks. But you know, that same era of Hackman, he has a, he has a cameo appearance in postcards from the Edge. Do you remember this scene? Oh, Yeah. He's the director I liked of the movie. Meryl Streep is fucking up in and me, the Meryl Streep character. This is based on the Carrie Fisher memoir.


She's playing this, this, this drug addicted actress who bottoms out and she goes through rehab and she, her redemption essentially is going back into this, into the post-production studio to do voiceovers and Jean Hackman's, her director. Yeah. And he, the thing that we're talking about with this mentorship, I think it, a version of what it looks like is this director telling this Meryl Streep character to get her life together. And, you know, giving her this, this, this, I mean, it's not another chance the movie still needs to be looped and she's there to do her, do her voiceovers.


And it's just this wonderful sequence where you learn something about the movies. I didn't know what that process was until this, until Postcards from the Edge another, another Mike Nichols movie. But he's so warm and firm and clear about what it is that he needs. But he is also got a sense of humor that, and he's not, I don't know who this character is, he is Gene Hackman. Right. Whatever that means. But this 1 0 1 like, but, But Fatherly and in a, in a really like, touching way. Well, the other thing, you know, and obviously we've done almost 3 75 re watchable movies at this point. Part of part of what becomes somebody's legacy is the rewatch ability of some of the movies they made.


And he just had such a great instinct Yeah. For this great. And then sometimes, like he didn't, he thought Hoosiers was gonna be a bomb. Oh. That ends up being the biggest basketball movie anyone's ever made. Right. Oh. And lives on Forever and ever. He was, he was pissed the whole time he was making it. He was like, nobody's gonna see this shit. No. The factor nomination for him in that movie, by the way. Yeah. I think it was 'cause it took him so long to realize, just turn the ball to Jimmy Chitwood. Clear out. Clear out. Don't overthink this. Stop Running plays. We don't need four passes anymore. We have a generational start. Our team Royal 10 Bombs. Yeah. I would say the last Great Hackman performance Was close to the end.


It was one of the last ones. Anyway. Yeah. And one, I mean, the thing that you love about, that's the one performance I think anybody's given in a Wes Anderson movie where it felt like Wes Anderson was just giving him, giving the enterprise over to this actor. I don't know. I don't know anything about anything with that movie. I just know how I feel watching it versus watching him in it versus watching anybody else in any other Wes Anderson movie. That's the one where I felt like Gene Hackman just, just won, overrode the vision.


And you know, most people, a lot of people think that that's their, that's their favorite Wes Anderson movie, I think in part because Gene Hackman is the one person who's, who's the one of the rare people to act in a Wes Anderson movie who feels differently alive from the sort of diorama project of the film. Yeah. And he frequently exists on the streets of that city. Right. He does not exist. He's not in the houses that much, or he doesn't in, he doesn't live in my memory as being an indoor cat. He's an outdoor cat in that movie. And like anything outside Wes Anderson just seems to have less control.


Right, right. He's such a soundstage, interior des like interior design oriented person. And something about Gene Hackman out in those streets. It's just classic, it's very on brand for Hackman and very disorienting for, for Wes Anderson. And the, and the 10 Bombs is greater for it because there's a tension there that exists between his energy and the, the, the movie at large. His energy, One great thing about him, he's just into movies with most of the great stars from like three different generations of movies. Yeah, yeah. Right. Yeah. He, I think Denzel might be, I would be interested to see what the list is. I was thinking, yeah, but we always talk about six degrees of Kevin Bacon and it's like one degree of Gene Hackman.


You could just go through Nick name, star, everybody he's worked with like Redford, like, it doesn't matter, you go 50 years or 45 years, however long he was. Can I ask and he's gonna be in a movie. Like, it'll be like, like Travolta was paying homage to him and it was like, I, he Hackman made so many movies. What was it Get? Shorty was his Travolta movie. Yeah, yeah, yeah. But you go through and you'd be like, just shout an actor out. Did they work with Gene Hackman? And they probably did shout an, an actress out. They probably did. Sally Field, am I missing a very obvious one? Because like the two of them seem like they just Sal Field, They, it just should have worked. He Did a movie with Barbara Streisand. Oh, that underrated by the way.


All Night long. All Night long. Then you Go through Under bunch Of Them. But He and Sally Field seem like they would've had a really good connection. He did a movie with Richard Ge, Julie Christ Christie, Kate Capshaw and Denzel Washington and jt Can you name those names again? Richard Gere. Julie Christie, Kate Capshaw and Denzel Washington as Arnold Billings. What's the year It was Louette Power. Woo. Yeah. Oh, that's right. Tub. I forgot about That. Throw That shit on on the main screen. That's Like 1981. Yeah. Isn't It? No, it's high.


It's later. It's 86. 86. Okay. It was, it was right when Hollywood was like, Hey Richard ge what's going on here? Yeah. Yeah. Why are we making all these, why are all these bombing? But you are you not a movie star anymore? But You, I mean, I know we're not talking about Richard Gere here, but like, you know, it's funny because Lou like to, to compare Richard ge to to to Gina Hackman is interesting, right? Like Yeah. Why does it work for Hackman and not for Richard Ge? Well this, well this raises the second, well, Richard Gear's too handsome. That's part of the problem. Yeah. But we, we've talked about Richard Gere when what he taps into in Internal Affairs and Officer and Gentleman. That's, that's Richard Ge. Yes. Yes.


Hackman as the guy and Pretty Woman would've been really interesting. That's the one that they wouldn't make. Right? That's The one they wouldn't make. That's the more Real's, the one that they originally wanted to make. That's the more realistic one where he is like an older, dirty fucking guy. What was that original title? Was it called 2000 or 4,000? Whatever the, the Her fee would've been. I think that's what the original title Was. Yeah. Then they tried who in the street That didn't work. They just kept trying titles just kept going for stuff. I mean, I feel like there was some Hackman money left from the table if he never did a movie with Sally Field. 'cause that would that Yeah, that's a good point.


That's a no brainer to me. Murphy's Law instead of, instead of or Murphy's Romance, sorry, is the Sally Field James Garner movie that got James Garner, his only Oscar nomination. Right. I feel like Gene Hackman, that could have been A good Hackman. Yeah. He's spanking so many movies. Anyway, gene Hackman first Bow Hall of Famer. Give me your one minute review of White Lotus Through three episodes. Are you caught up? Here's my one minute, here's my one minute three. I don't know how many words it's gonna be. Here's my review of White Lotus season three. I'm watching The Pit. You're watching The Pit. I'm watching The Pit. Er is back. I'm not 20, 25 years watching White Lotus.


White Lotus had his chance with me. Bill. This show doesn't know what it's about. I'm watching the pit. Wow. You're into the pit that much. Oh, I'm in the pit. I'm in. You're in the pit. I'm not, you never gave up your stock. Can't. Oh I are you kidding? Did I ever own stock? I was like, I should have bought stock. Now you had some stock. I mean, this would've, I mean the vesting happening here is extraordinary. Are you watching the show, bill? I'm not. Should I be watching? Oh, please. People keep telling me to watch it. Let me tell you, It's like er crossed with 24. Y'all can keep your white lotus. Y'all. You can have it. Eat it up. I don't want it. I don't want anymore. I had my fill.


Y'all don't know how to feed me the pit. This show. And it's crazy that like the most excited I've gotten talking to you was about this show and not about Anything else. Yeah. I I do. If we were talking about Baby Girl or Hard Truths was, is which has the other great performance from last year by Maryanne John Baptiste. I'd be psyched to talk about that. But we're talking about the pit And I, it's such a strange viewing experience. If you ever watch Dr And I actually would love to know how people feel who haven't watched er Ever to watch it for the first time. Because within like five minutes you're someplace, you know, you've already been, even though you don't know where you actually are.


Everything about it is familiar. It is. This show is made by John Wells who Yeah. Is responsible in part for er and it's, the structure is basically one hour, like every episode is one hour in this, in this staff. Medical staff. It's 24 across of the ER Basically. Yes, that's exactly You said it. I it went over my head. 'cause I was enthus about you watching the show. Yeah. But you are a hundred percent correct formally. That's the, that's the show. I don't dunno how anything that happens on this show actually happens. What are the retakes like, you know what, how many takes do they need to Do?


Say no more. I'm gonna watch. Okay. You don't need to sell me anymore. Okay. This is, this is, I'm in the characters. I'm gonna watch it. Noah Wiley giving the TV perform. Nobody's gonna do better than Noah Wiley on this show. Oh, I'm so happy. Nobody doing better than Noah. I never gave on him On the show. I mean, you didn't, 'cause I haven't seen him. I haven't seen him since he 2001. He's, he's been doing some Good stuff. He was on that that, what was that movie with the Train, the Crazy Train? I thought he was on that movie that turned into a TV show. Snow Piercer on Snow Piercer Train. I think it might Have been on TNT Snow Piercer or The Bong Juno might Haver Kim. I, no, he's in the TV version. I think. I don't, I don't maybe I don't know. You're right, you say So. I'm glad he's back that you know, he was on tv, he was on, he might have been that show.


Actually. You're, you're right. I remember seeing so one of those like Well, I'm glad, I'm glad the checks are still coming in. It's great. This is more than a, I'm glad the checks are still coming in. This is an extraordinary, everybody on this show, even if you're not, even if the acting isn't good, you have to be present in a, in a really interesting way. Like a, like a way that feels new to me Yeah. For television. And it is just, Alright. It's the pit. It's thrilling. It's really gross. Anything and suspenseful And I love it. Anything to plug Personally? Yeah, I'm working on a podcast. I turned in my book. You'll be happy to know.


I don't believe it is there. I mean, there's still a lot of work to do, but it'll, we're gonna make it, we're gonna make it really good. I think it's gonna be, it's gonna work. I can't wait to read it, But yeah, I, I'm working on a show, a podcast. It's just, it's gonna be me talking to people like you point. I Can't wait to invite myself on it. You Well, I mean, I would've invited you had you not already. Just invited yourself. Yeah. You know, you're, you know, you're invited. All right. Wesley Morris, great to see you as always. Nice to see you too. Alright, that's it for the podcast. Thanks to Peter Schrager and Wesley Morris. Thanks to Kyle and Geha and Sir Rudy as well. And don't forget Celtic City. You can catch up on the first episode on Max new re watchable, Rocky Prestige TV podcast, episode three, white Lotus.


Check out The Ringer dot com, our great website, and I will see you on Thursday on this podcast.


This episode is brought to by LinkedIn. During the season, every baseball team plays 162 games. It's a true test of endurance. It's not enough to have a hot month or two. You need sustained dominance throughout. While the same is true for your small business, it's not enough to have a great Q2 or even a great year. You want year over year growth that starts with better hires. That'll be there for the long haul to find those hires. Use LinkedIn. LinkedIn has strong hiring data and insights that you won't find anywhere else to help pair you with the best candidates from unique skills and interests to the connections you have in common. Based on LinkedIn data, 72% of small businesses say that LinkedIn helps 'em find high quality talent. LinkedIn also lets you go beyond people who are actively applying in a given week. 171 million LinkedIn members aren't actively seeking jobs, but they are open to new opportunities. That's a big pool to miss out on. If you're not hiring with LinkedIn, find your next great hire on LinkedIn. Post your job for free at LinkedIn dot com slash simmons. That's LinkedIn dot com slash simmons to post your job for free terms and conditions apply.


This episode is brought to you by hookah. I've gotta talk to you guys about the Bondi nine, the new daily trainer from a hookah. The Bondi nine delivers peak plushness for everyday miles overhauled from top to bottom. They've increased the stack height and added a new premium foam midsole to deliver that soft, resilient ride that's become synonymous with the Bondi. And look, I walk a lot. I walk all around LA. You need good shoes for that. These are perfect, everybody Bondi. Visit hookah.com HO k.com to learn more about the Bondi.