
You're listening to The Bill Simmons Podcast presented by FanDuel FanDuel. Sportsbook is the best place to bet on the NBA. We have these fun little Tuesday, Friday player performance stuff. We have same game parlays. We have picks for me sometimes and boosts and all kinds of fun things. Get ready in the playoffs. Download the FanDuel Sportsbook app today to get in on the action. And by the way, The Ringer is committed to responsible gaming. Please visit The Ringer dot com slash rg to learn more. Listen to the end of this episode. For additional details. Must be 21 plus President select States's game problem called 1-800-GAMBLER. Or visit rg help.com.


Coming up. Not only are we gonna talk about basketball, I'm going to fix basketball next.


This episode is brought to you by Michelob Ultra. Michelob Ultra. A superior light beer in the ultimate trophy. Win or lose. You're bound to enjoy the ride with a good beer in hand. Michelob ultra crisp, refreshing only 95 calories, a superior light beer. No matter the game Sporter, season superior is worth playing for. So sign up for ultra courtside@michelobultra.com slash courtside and you can enjoy some of these games with nice beer in your hand. Enjoy responsibly Copyright 2025 Anheuser-Busch Michelob Ultra Registered Light Beer St. Louis, Missouri. Must be 21 plus to order alcohol, alcohol available only in select markets.


We're also brought to you by The Ringer Podcast Network. Please check out the Prestige TV podcast. We're doing double episodes every week about White Lotus. I'm on one of them on Sunday nights, the recap pod and then Joanna and Rob Midweek doing that as well. Plus we're recovering severance. I think it's the final week of that too. New re watchable is coming on Monday night. I'm just gonna tell you what it is right now. Days of Thunder with Tom Cruise. It's officially Sports Movie Month. Tom Cruise, 16th re Washables movie for him. Congrats to him. Just setting all kinds of records. Great guy. So you got that Coming up. You can watch on The Ringer Movies YouTube channel or you can watch that as a video podcast on Spotify. Just like you can watch this as a video podcast on Spotify.


We're also brought to you by FanDuel Sportsbook where I hope you're checking out the 30 on 30, which we do every Friday. I tweet out my pick, try to get 30 plus scoring a little boost. So stay tuned for that. Alright, Coming up Kirk Goldsberg And I are gonna talk about some things we've noticed as we head into the home stretch of the NBA season. And then more importantly, Kirk's class did this big study of how to fix the NBA season. And we are gonna dive into that and it's really cool And I urge you to continue to listen through the pod until we get to that part. And then I brought my dad on because he wanted to do a Boston Sports report. He went to the OKC Celtic game last night and I had to indulge him. Anyway, that is next.


Here are our friends from Pearl Jam. All right, Kirk Goldsberry is here. You can read him on The Ringer dot com. You can listen to him on various ringer podcasts. He is based in Austin, Texas where we saw each other after a depressing Spurs Sun Game, suns game with no Weby and with Suns team imploding.


We have something really good that we're gonna talk about later in the pod. This big picture idea that I'm excited to throw at the world short term. There's been some stuff going on as we hit these last 20 games. And I talked about this with Illa two Sundays ago, that there's always a team right around now that starts making a surge like Dallas did last year, like the Celtics did a couple years ago. And it's like who? Who's the team? We talked about possibilities kind of glossed over Minnesota and Minnesota kicked Denver's ass last night. The three point shooting has gotten way better. There are 11 and oh in the last 11 Randall Games Stuff's kind of happening yet they're in the seven seat Golden State's.


37 28, Minnesota's 38 and 29. Are you a believer yet? Easy schedule, just a great matchup for them against Denver. Is something happening? What are you seeing? Well I've always liked this team And I feel like they traded Carl Anthony Towns in part because of the new CBA And I think it, it sort of took them off course. I'm a believer that they're gonna finish this season very strong for a few reasons. One you just pointed out, Julius Randall is playing his best stretch of basketball since he's gotten to Minnesota. He missed pretty much all of February. That's important 'cause they went five to seven in February, but they won those last 11 games with him. I think five in January now six straight in March.


Well always whatcha you saying that's what's he doing differently? Because in the, in the first part of the year, it looked like a bad spacing fit. It looked like a weird who's who should take the shot this time. And it just, it just seemed off. So what changed? I think He's playing, he knows his teammates better and he is making better passes. Like at his best he's a scorer who can also pass. Yeah And I think during this stretch I haven't looked it up. I think he's leading the team in assists. So yeah, you have, you have Gobert obviously as the defensive anchor. You know what Ant is going to do as a scorer. I think he's sort of your second scorer and and maybe your primary playmaker when things are going well for him and without him their second scorer bill. That's a pretty big question mark for this team.


So I think his biggest thing is is scoring and playmaking and just filling that void below Ant on the box score. And here's the sneaky thing with this team. They have the easiest remaining schedule of all of the Western Conference competitive sort of teams, that top seven group. Yeah. And it's by a landslide. They have have this home stand where Orlando, Utah, Indiana, and two games against the pelicans coming in. This current win streak could extend to 11 very easily. And I think if there's anybody that's gonna catch that group two to five on the Western conference standings, it's the Minnesota Timber Wolf. So I really like their chances of finishing the season pretty strong.


Yeah, it's interesting 'cause in this run they're 16 and nine in their last 25 basically. I think 16 and eight last 24. So the this, the record's better, the schedule's been pretty easy, but they did go two and one against OKC and they beat Denver twice. Which I think are good signs. Especially now that the Lakers don't have a center. Maybe those are the two teams they have to look at. I was studying it today eye test-wise, I didn't really notice it until the last week. Just that they seem happier playing together. I thought last night they looked like last year's Timberwolves was, was noticeable. They might feel like they have Denver's number but looking at all the numbers, the three point shooting is way better.


Right? So Nas in his last 25, he's 41% from three and he is 18 and seven and he's having a really nice free agent run. We talked about him on the worst contracts pod talking about how all these moves they've made, especially the Gobert extension might have screwed them to keep nas. And then Timber World fans are like, we're keeping nas. And it's like, well you made this Carl Anthony Towns trade to save money, Which leads me to believe you're not keeping nas, especially if, if you have this new ownership. But who knows? He's playing 33 minutes a game and he's been great. Conley in his last 17 is shooting 48% from three and he looked like dead, dead legs washed up the first six weeks of the season.


Right. That surprised me more than anything. I didn't think they were gonna get anything outta him anymore. And it seemed like he wasn't gonna be able to play a crunch time for them. And then Vincenzo is the other one since Christmas, he's missed some games but 16 points a game, 47% from three and he's playing 29 minutes a game. So you say how they don't have a second score and you're right, but they've been able to patch the, like Naz will have a big game. Dante have a big game. Randall Manhattan like it, it feels like they're all rotating. Who's the second guy? And they're pretty good. I'm surprised Dillingham isn't having a bigger impact for them, but maybe they don't need them. Yeah, Dillingham is is a nice rookie story. But like come on, we, we we're talking about a team that had Western conference title aspirations at the beginning of the year.


Yeah. And a rookie really isn't gonna slide into that and make a lot of noise. I think Di Za is a great, great sort of similar thing to Randall. He's, he's gotten time to learn this team. He's fitting in. Yeah. But remember last year I thought this team had the best vibes in the playoffs for a while. And yeah, a lot of that had to do with Nas Reed who is like the spirit animal of the whole Timberwolf fan base. Never say anything negative about Nas Reed Bill. Right. Alexander Walker, I'm, I'm sorry he is gonna be on New Orleans next year, but you're, you guys are right. Or Washington, wherever he is gonna go. Somebody with calf space Brooklyn, who knows. Yeah. But they're big and they're physical and they're long and they gave, you know what everybody forgets, like they give, they give some, they gave Jamal Murray a lot of problems last night.


They gave MBJA lot of problems last night when they're really at their best. You know, they have McDaniel's on defense, they're long on the perimeter, they're playing hard. And when those same dudes that are playing great perimeter defense, they're also knocking down shots like that. There's a really good team. Yeah, that's a really good team. And I like it. And there was a couple times last night where I thought Randall, like he asked like what it looks like he'll just take it right at Joker and just overpower him. And that's another thing he can do is, is go get an unassisted bucket in a way that some of these catch and shoot guys can't do. Sounds Like he's won you over. Sounds like the Randall Fan Club might have to make room for you Dude.


He is like the ultimate hot and cold analytics guy. Yeah. Even there are even a whole seasons Bill where you're like, this guy's terrible. And then the next season you're like, this guy's an all star. Yeah. If, If he is sort of a legacy for the stats nerds, it's like he is the hardest guy to pin down maybe in the whole league. And so he's, he's been a frustrating guy to characterize even through the most advanced numbers over the last five years. Well they also have this weird bench 'cause Shannon had a couple really good games for them. Like when they beat OKC by three last, last month, end of February, Shannon played 29 minutes in that game.


Alexander Walker played 35, McDaniels played 42, NAS played 40. They didn't have Go Bear, they didn't have Randall. But they, they're able the the nine through 11 guys, which is something I think Cleveland has. Yep. I think the Celtics have to some degree and OKC has 20 guys, it literally doesn't matter on OKC. They could be like, oh, Jalen Williams isn't playing fine, we got three more guys we could just slot in there. But I do like their depth and they have a little more depth Minnesota than I was thinking. It also seems like they're getting a little more than like Dana's was starting to look like a a possible worse contracts guy, but he got going too. And then, you know, the, the, the big thing for me when you're thinking about the late surgers is do you have like one of the best nine guys?


Do you have one of the best eight guys, right? You have one of the best six guys. Edwards is somewhere in the 10. You know, you could have them, you can have eight, you got nine wherever. But during this little 24 game stretch where they're 16 and eight, he's 29 a game, 8.9 free throw attempts and 10.4 threes. And I, I, I mentioned that because I felt like the, the threes were too high before And I want, I, I ultimately like in the playoffs, I think the free throws have to be next to the threes. I want like in a playoffs series I want 10 and 10 from him, something like that. But you know, he has some stinkers every once in a while he'll have like the six for 19, he'll have the seven for 29.


But for the most part like I'm kind of happy where he's at in this season. After these season, where are you at with him? I think he's ready to be the best player on a playoff team that's gonna win one, maybe two rounds. It's hard for me to see them winning two rounds just outta respect for the rest of the west. Although one of the more sort of emergent stories with last night is they give the nuggets a very difficult time and it's not just last night. I think it's five straight against them. Yeah. And it, it is because Jamal Murray who has been great, you know the nuggets are yo you Yoko, you can set your watch by, this guy's gonna be great. But Jamal Murray, they seem to have his number And I think if you can slow down Jamal Murray, you have a good chance to beat the nuggets in the playoffs.


And I think this team is built to slow down the Jamal Murray's of the world because of their perimeter defenders. And I think Anthony Edwards is just the kind of fourth quarter crunch time score. Go get a free throw, go get a bucket. I think he's there And I think they're really well-rounded. The last thing I'd add Bill is I, I do like their coaching. I like their coaching staff. I think they're built for a playoff series. I think they make adjustments. I think they're not one of these coaching staffs that just goes in and does what they always do. So I like how they're built and depending on the matchups, which I think is the biggest story in the western conference bill going into this last 20 game stretch 15 game stretch.


How these seeds shake out is gonna be fascinating. Who gets, who in the first round is gonna determine a lot of who makes it to the conference finals. 'cause some of these matchups are really good for one side and really bad for the other. And And I think that Minnesota, Denver matchup is a great example of that. That's a great point. OKC 68 in their last 24, including four losses of either one or two points. Fifth net rating. And they play OKC really well too, which we should mention Denver, they're built to beat Denver and they have all these athletic wings to throw at Murray and they have size to throw. Not as much size as they had last year with towns, but they still have a bunch of size to throw at Yoki.


And you know they're, it's just a good matchup for them. Doesn't mean they'll beat them in the playoffs, but it's a nice matchup. OKC was interesting because when they played those game And I thought those games were really fun to watch, there was a competitiveness, fuck you athleticism piece that you rarely look physicality. You saw, we're gonna talk about OKC Boston in a second OKC even though that I think the myth on them is they're undersized when they're really not anymore. Or they're skinny, they're really physical. And I thought, I think Minnesota likes it and they like playing it And I thought those games, I thought that was a good sign for them that they hung with them.


They also have a lot of guys to throw at SGA who nobody has shut down all year. That's, but they probably have the best chance, you know, and then, and they have a guy on their team who's not afraid of any of 'em. You mentioned the matchups. So we're taping this in the morning on Thursday and Golden State and Minnesota are basically fighting for the succeed. Golden State is 37 wins. Minnesota has 38, but Minnesota's played more games and there's a world where Minnesota gets six and Denver gets three and that's our three six And Denver's like fucking a God damnit. Why? Why is that? Our team, just the matchups in general like Golden State I'm sure would doesn't wanna see Denver at all because Yoka owns them.


Yeah. Minnesota would be delighted to see Denver. You just go through and it's like what you said, it's becomes a little rock paper scissor. I was waiting for Houston to drop out but Houston's kind of hung on here. Houston so is a three game, three loss lead over Golden State and a four loss lead over Minnesota. And they're the five seed and then the Lakers who, you know, we don't know how long LeBron's gonna be out, that's another team that could potentially drop, but they'd have to drop a lot down the stretch. So lot of shit going on. But we could end up listen to this Goldsberry, we could have Minnesota, Denver as a three six. We could have Golden State Memphis as a two seven and we could have Lakers Houston as the four five with Ma a doca and Dylan Brooks against LeBron.


The two guys who have really gone at him in the last two years. That'd be super fun. And then the other one that's in play is the one eight with OKC and the Clippers, you know, the Clippers trade, SGA two OKC, they make this, OKC has their pick this year and there's just all this history between those teams. So that would be the most fun version I think of the four matchups. Yeah. Another thing to watch on strength of schedule. 'cause the Western conference is brutal depending on, on how your schedule sort of shakes out the Lakers. Yeah. And the Grizzlies are on the opposite end. They have a very tough remaining schedule. Yeah. So the lake is sort of hanging on to that fourth spot right now, as you mentioned, without LeBron James, the rockets of won four straight, they could surpass them.


You could see a world where the Lakers, the Timberwolves and the Warriors are really good teams. But all going into these first round series is a road team. Yeah. And many of them with championship experience, obviously the, the Warriors and Lakers have some, have some championship experience. So it's really interesting to me, I think in a nutshell the hottest teams out west, not counting the Thunder, have been hot all year are the six and seven right now in the Warriors and Timberwolves. Yeah. And that just, that just sets us up for a great, great first round. Not to mention the talent over there, the superstar talent, The all star talent fighting for these slots is just off the charts.


Well what's funny is Minnesota is a really good road team. They're 20 and 15 now on the road, which I think other than OKC is the best record in the west. The Clippers are a terrible road team. They're 14 and 20. I don't think the Lakers care where they play and they're gonna, they're gonna have Laker fans at any whatever. I think it matters for Houston though. Houston I kept waiting to fall off and it felt like it was gonna happen a couple times, but they're kind of lingering around, hanging around. And Lakers, Houston would be a really, really fun kind of old school, new, new school series. I don't know how the Lakers are gonna hold on if LeBron misses three to four weeks here and who knows?


We, we've seen him recover really fast sometimes and recover really slow. Other times when there was less at stake but lost when you take him out of it. Well they Lost, they lost it. Yeah. But you take his, you take the rebounding defense second playmaker thing on top of all the other stuff they've already lost and it just feels like insurmountable for them. Yeah. They lost that game in Brooklyn the other night And I think that's a fair indication of the kind of game they can lose. Yeah. You know, and again, the West is just jam packed. I think two to five is separated by a game or something like that. So you start losing at Brooklyn, you're gonna drop the, the Rockets as you mentioned are hot, they've won four straight, they're gonna, they're gonna win those, those kinds of games.


So it it, it is, I think it is fair to expect the Lakers are gonna drop and maybe Their next ones are at Denver Friday, home Sons home Spurs might be able to go two and one in those three Home nuggets. Home Bucks, home Bulls. Josh Getty Renaissance is here at Orlando, at Indiana, at Chicago, at Memphis Home Rockets, that's the rest of the month. So they, they have to go 500 of that in that stage. But do you care if you're the, if you're the seven seed, so you're probably playing the Clippers in the seven eight game Right.


With real stakes because you don't wanna see any part of OKC in round one and you're playing the Clippers at home. Like it would suck to be the seven seed and have the extra game. But if I'm Golden State, I'm fine, you know. All right, fine. We'll beat the Clippers in the seven eight and we'll just play the two seed. Like it's not a complete disaster. It's a disaster. If you lose though, It's terrifying. You got Kawhi Leonard t Lou on the other end. You got one game. I love the plan tournament because it, it makes these Me too. It's the sets up for real meaningful games and you know, I think the executives and the coaches at these teams much prefer the sixth slot to the seven slot. Just 'cause of the uncertainty, the stress.


Yeah. You're locked in. Yeah. And you, you get enough couple days to game plan your, your three seat opponent in a playoff matchup and that's a huge deal too. So. So do you like the 7, 8, 9, 10 or would you go 7, 10, 8, 9. I like, I like how they have it because if you finish seventh I think you gotta get beat twice at home to get kicked out of. I like the format. I think the seven eight format is cool, you know? Yeah. Win one and it gives you this advantage to get in. What are your thoughts on that? I, part of me wonders if it should be 7, 10, 8, 9 and then the seven still doesn't necessarily lose, it's not a win or go home for the seven 10.


They would still get to play the eight nine with home court. But the way they have it I think probably makes more sense. And the seven eight is usually a really good game. I mean part of the problem with the playing this year is the 10 seat in both conferences sucks. Like we're, it's at least in the, in the west they have an excuse 'cause of what happened to Dallas, the zombie Mavericks. Yeah. But they're still the 10 seed. The zombie Mavericks was Spencer Dinwitty and I don't even know what center they'd have left. And PJ Washington, they might actually be the 10 seed. Phoenix is just like, guys we've been trying to make this clear for two months. We wanna have the season for hell. We don't wanna be in there. But you go to the the East and it's like, yeah.


Ah, all right Chicago, they Chicago's 27 and 38. It might be in the, might be in there. And then you look at Miami who's 29 and 36, they've lost five Joe House on The Ringer Gambling show for the last two weeks. He's convinced Miami's tanking and his thing on the last two weeks on the marine gambling show is bet against them second half live Bet against them. They take a lead first half, then they throw it away. Second half. I don't know if that's true, but they're a fucking mess. And ba looks terrible lately anyway that I think the nine 10 in the East has a chance to be one of the more depressing playing games we've had. Maybe the number one. Yeah. Bulls heat.


Bulls Heat who don't even want their pick. Ugh. Right. You just hope that the Orlando magic 'cause the magic in the Hawks. They could, they could be decent playoff teams if they awaken from, you know, these, these pretty dark stretches that And how long do we have to wait for Orlando? Apparently longer than two months. Yeah. So Rudy's apparently magic are dead Sucks is out for the year. Like I I, the magic are cross off to me Atlanta at least has all of these wings when they get everybody back and healthy and then, and then the random Trey Young who the hell knows game. Yeah. Like they, and they have some size that could always be the Acon a congu in a playing game with like 24 rebounds. I feel like Orlando's a cross off.


Sorry Saru. Oof. I think the Cavs and Celtics deserve to have a pretty easy first round series. Oh man. I think they will. I mean look at this, the Cavs are gonna get Orlando, Miami or Chicago unless one of those teams beats Atlanta. But yeah, I think think Atlanta is like, I'm not gonna say they're frisky but they're 32 and 34. I've watched them a lot. I have a, I have an over bet on them and just in general I kind of enjoy watching them And I think they're, they're not bad. You know, the West with Yeah with Jalen Johnson. They're good team. Yeah. The Hawks unfortunately Johnson out for the year. But you know, this is why you believe in Zach Resche.


This is why I spent the number one pick on him. Let's, let's take a break and then we'll talk about OKC in Boston.


This episode is brought to you by Audi, The all new fully electric Audi Q six E-tron. A huge leap forward featuring effortless power, serious acceleration, and the most advanced tech of any Audi ever. Experience technology that puts you center stage with a panoramic digital stage plus an optional screen for front seat passengers. That sounds fun. Perfect for watching the latest sports documentary. Maybe I made it. The Q six e-tron is not just the new ev, it's a new way to experience driving. Learn more@audiusa.com. Always pay careful attention to the road. Do not drive while distracted.


You can cash in by balling out on FanDuel America's number one sports book. I check they're still number one. Every Friday night The Ringer has teaming up with FanDuel to give all customers a 30% profit boost. When you pick a where to score more than 30 points, this is a lot of fun. You can make a little more money. Rooter somebody to get 30. I tweet my picks on Friday. There's some good games on Friday, including Clippers, Atlanta, Memphis, Cleveland, Orlando, Minnesota. So we'll come up with a couple good possibilities and FanDuel remember is the home for all of your favorite props. So Whether you wanna ride with my pics or make your own, just look for 30 on 30 in the FanDuel SPORTSBOOK app or head to FanDuel dot com slash bs for your chance to score a bigger payout this Friday night. Don't forget, I'm gonna tweet my pick. Make every moment more with FanDuel. You must be 21 plus the president Select states or 18 plus and President DC Optum required bonus issued as non withdraw but profits boost tokens restrictions apply including any token expiration and max wager amount C terms at sportsbook fielder do com game prom called win hundred gambler. Visit rg help.com.


Hey, before we talk about OKC in Boston, quickly, the bottom seven right now, Washington 13 wins. Utah 15, Charlotte 16, new Orleans 18. That's gonna be our bottom four for capture the flag. Then we have Philly 22 wins. Brooklyn 22 wins. Toronto 23 wins. LL is furious. Toronto's making a run at their season over out of nowhere even though they were supposed to be tanking. So Philly right now is in the five spot. They keep their pick if it's in the top six and they're doing everything that they scratch Paul George for reasons that remain unclear for the season and beads out and Philly's going for it.


And I think if they get the five spot it would be pretty hard for them to get jumped twice. So in a weird way this could work out for our guy Darryl Morey. You went to Sloan conference? Yeah. In Boston. Weirdest Sloan conference ever. Well, DOCA Palooza, they did the, they named the transaction of the year and the MB extension did not win. It didn't, Didn't get it. Oh wow, okay. No it was the Luca Donit trade. Yeah, the Luca Don trade, the Paul George deal did not get it the transaction of the year, but it was given to the Los Angeles Lakers. But yeah, I got to see the Boston Celtics play. The Philadelphia 76. It was more like the Del Delaware 87 ERs the night I chose to attend.


Yeah, Tough one but Tough one. They're two and eight in their last 10. They are doing all they can as they should. Yeah. There's the saving the season for the Philadelphia 76 ERs is keeping that draft pick in a good draft. That would be really Good draft if you get in the top five in this draft, you're getting like a legit dude. Yeah. And so they have to do this. How crazy would that be after all the hype and buzz about them if they ended up with like a top three pick? I mean that honestly that'd be insane. What were, What were the odds? I guess the odds were ha actually half decent. I remember Even forget the Georgian and the Georgian and Beat stuff.


They have a pretty good young back court in McCain and Maxie here. Like they Right, they they could have a young core if they hit on this draft, those pieces. Yeah. So it's, it's crazy. I know the cap, they're in Cap hell they are in cap hell for the rest of this decade. Yeah. But if they have rookie players playing overvalue, that's a pretty good deodorant for that situation. The indeed thing's tough. We've been this down this road with injured older centers and you're just kind of held hostage by it for a couple years and then somebody will write this story and Beads knee feels the best it's ever been and, and bead full scrimmage today. And then he plays two games and gets hurt again. And it's just this cycle. You don't wanna be in Washington, Utah, Charlotte, new Orleans.


The shocker in that group is New Orleans. We knew somebody in the west was going to have the year from hell and they were a really good candidate. But to, for them to be in the top four of the lottery is nuts with the kind of talent they have. I mean I honestly, it's crazy. Yeah, they, they're deep. That was, they, they can survive a few injuries you'd think and yeah. And still beat better this, well they've definitely Had some Injuries better than this. Yeah. So here are my OKC Celtics takes and we might, as we, we might call my dad at the tail end 'cause he went to the game after, after you go. But I, first of all, OKC is beaten Boston twice And I watched both games And I thought they deserve to win both games. And I thought SJ was the best player in each game.


There was no KP last night, but OKC didn't have Jalen Williams. So I, I'm not gonna make excuses. The free throw advantage was way skewed toward OKC. I thought that was more a result of how both teams played and what they're trying to do. The Celtics took 63 threes, which is fucking absurd. But the thing that I, that has jumped out to me over and over again with OKC, they play so fucking hard and they're so physical and they're so good defensively in the switching that they do. And they're just so committed to a certain level of intensity. And competitiveness is gonna sound like I'm making an excuse for the Celtics and I'm not. I think I've watched it over and over again.


I think teams have a lot of trouble going through an NBA schedule and then you play OKC and they're playing like they play and it's like, you can see it like, like the guys and then the quotes after the game. Tatum said it, Jalen Brown said it like we didn't do a good job of matching their intensity. That's been, this is why this OKC team has been so special as a regular season team. They're fucking animals. Yeah. You, you watch them. It's like every guy on the team is completely beasting out going crazy. They're, they're just like you and if you're not ready for it, you can see it and you can fight back, you can claw back. They do it again and they just over and over again make these teams look bad from how hard they're playing. So my question to you is, it's a one night thing that works.


Could you get used to it over two weeks? If you're playing them in a series over the course of seven games, would you eventually figure out how to match what they're doing at least competitively and physically? I don't know if last year is a fair precedent, but Yes, you could if you're, you have a very physical, strong front court like the Dallas Mavericks did that seems like a thousand years ago now. But yeah, it seems, it seems like they are by far the most physical, nasty defense and, and that depth really enables them to play almost like with line changes. Right? They had that perpetual sub-story this year, this week, but they have such a great deep bench.


But as you mentioned, they didn't have Caruso. It was one of the, the biggest dogs on the team and they didn't have Jay, Jay Didn't matter, didn't, Didn't notice it didn't matter. Just Other guys just came in flying around. And One of the things that crossed my mind yesterday is that could the second five best players on Oak La Homo City be a playoff team by themselves? That that's the kind of thing I was thinking like, oh my god, wow, this team is so deep. Right. You take one of the backup bigs, you take K on Wallace, you know, you take one of the Jalen Williams, they have so much talent, but the, the coolest thing about them is they're all aligned to play this ferocious defensive style. One of the crazy stats from that game last night though is like, okay, the 63 threes, we can talk about that.


They play like that and you only get 12 free throws. The Celtics only shot 12 free throws. Now Celtics fans might say this or that or the other thing, a lot like you said has to do with your shoot. I mean, and really three three, it was nine free throws when the game was being decided. So they, they weren't getting in line at all the, the got three at the end. And then here's the stat that I thought I was looking at it today. SGA again was a magnificent player, but he drew 10 fouls himself on the Boston Celtics. He drew 10 fouls himself. He puts you in foul trouble, like it or not. Right. And Jalen Brown was the Celtics player I was most sort of concerned with after this game because he, he was, he got off to a slow start.


He started, started getting hot in the fourth, but then he ended, he entered the fourth quarter with two fouls and he fouled out with three and a half minutes left. What happened? SGA got him twice. SGA got him with some of the foul merchant stuff twice his fourth and fifth fouls and nobody's gonna remember that 'cause they remember him fouling Chet at the end. Yeah. But he had the fifth foul because of s g's sort of antics there at the elbow. But SGA does that to you. Derek White fouled out at the end. SGA needs a nickname. Maybe the bonus because he's just always Drawing the bonus. Yeah, He's, they're just always in the bonus.


When does Jalen Williams and Derek White both foul out in regulation? I don't know. SSG a's a pretty good nickname on its own. It's a good acronym. Yeah. But the bonus is solid. I like that one. Well it just, I was looking it up. He is drawn 10 or more fouls by himself like 11 or 12 times this season. Well it's funny, I was talking to obviously have a lot of Celtic fans in my life, some of whom don't watch a lot of OKC and all the Celtic fans were so mad at SGA for like the fucking Fal dating and all that stuff. And it's like, this is, he does this every game. He's the hardest guy in the league to guard like hands down SSL And I talked about it the other day and we're talk about the MVP stuff with him.


Rio Yoki, she's having one of the best guard seasons in the history of the league And I haven't seen a team figure out completely how to guard him yet. You can throw, it seems like part of the strategy is try to throw bigger guys on him like the Celtics did with Brown. You'd think on paper with Derek White and Drew Holiday perfect guys to go against him. But he always gets the matchup he wants, he always gets the shot he wants, he's always either able to get to the rim, get a foul or do a little pull up. And I haven't seen anyone stop him yet. And if you're gonna make the case for OKC to win the title, it's like they play harder than everybody else and nobody can stop their best guy. Seems like two pretty good things. Yeah. You can't hate him for what he is doing.


I mean he, like, we define athletes in different ways, but in the 2020s we really started to understand like guys who can change direction and decelerate better than other guys are, are athletes. Those are the, those are top tier athletes. We learned that with Luca and Harden. But this guy just makes it so hard to have proper defensive position even for guys like Derek White and Jalen Brown who are incredible at that. Yeah. And, and then he layers on this off arm harden him where he snakes his left arm when he is dribbling with his right hand into anybody's defensive arms and then he flails and it's there it is.


And that's what happened to Jalen Brown on First Fifth foul last night. So he's Like, but don't most scores do this though. That that like the thing that, the reason I still think Brunson's the best, the best flop foul Bader guy is he's also doing it off the ball. He's doing it when he is on defense, he's just flopping around like a Marlon SGA is just purely trying to get to the free throw line. Yeah. He's three wells. Whatever trick I can do to get it, I looked it up. There's three guys who are drawing six fouls themselves per game. In other words, they're fouling out the equivalent of a player on the other team every game. Wow. And it's, you got Jalen Brunson your favorite, there's SGA and then there's the one guy who actually deserves to be on that list Bill, which is the most physical assaulting player in the league right now, which is Giannis.


Who? Oh, I thought you were gonna say Scoot Henderson. Well, and and self. My guy is back. Scoot Henderson. Dude Priscilla And I are alive. I'm so excited dude. The he was unbelievable. He looked like fucking Buzzer 10 Russell Westbrook yesterday. I was going nuts. Yeah, He's still right. He's, we're good. We're good on the Scoot Island or whatever gonna call it. Yeah, we're good. But I would say the Celtics fans also can't complain about this off arm high jinks that Jason Tatum and, and Jalen Brown both played, listen, They, it, that that game played the hits for things that are gonna drive Celtic fans crazy. Yeah. Tyler Ford as the ref, just, just, I think there's a lot of, a lot of, he doesn't like us stuff.


The free throw advantage spoke for itself. Right. SGA is super frustrating. And then Jalen had his worst game in a couple years, you know, and you can't survive no kp and a horrible Jalen game like that if you are own positives for the sell, it's Tatum was awesome again. I mean I, I just feel like he's gone up. Ricc And I, we talked a couple weeks ago about, I, I still feel like it's in play that he could make go to that last level. Marillo thought I was being a little too optimistic on it. I think he's at least gone up a half level And I think there's an intensity and competitiveness to that that I just don't feel like was totally there. That physicality that is just at another level.


There are also Mass is putting a bunch of minutes on him, which I like and don't like, but like he played 45 against the Lakers And I think 42 last night and he wants to be out there and I think that's the best thing the Celtics have going for them right now. Yeah. I think bigger win for the Thunder than it was a loss for the Celtics. Agree. And same I would say about that Cleveland win in the same building a couple weeks ago, the comeback win that was bigger for Kenny Atkinson and the Cavs to win in that building for what's coming down the road. Again, I don't think there's anything to worry about. If there's one thing to worry about in Boston and it's Christoph Pingus like get well soon this Weird injury.


Yeah, yeah. Let's get that guy back. He needs to, to get there before I make any judgment about where the Celtics are in this title defense. But dude, he hasn't been there and that and that's an issue we need to get him back in the fold to see this fully fledged Celtics title defense. Because I think teams like Boston OKC are good enough to beat them without Christoph Pingus. I think that's one of the lessons we've learned over the last few weeks that the Celtics team isn't quite as dominant as they were last year and maybe that there's better candidates to upset them in the postseason than there were last year. Well there's definitely hungrier candidates and hunger becomes such a big part of this as the season goes along.


I, it's funny, like I'll get texts from people sometimes or I'll hear it on a show or a podcast and people, we have to do this thing now about we OK C'S not getting enough credit. When will people start talking about OKC? First of all, I think people are talking about them and we did this on Sunday. I'm at the point with this where if you're not taking OKC and Cleveland seriously as the two best teams in the league that have the two best chances to win the title, I just feel like you're not watching the season. They're passing. Cleveland's had two 15 game winning streaks. I don't know what else they have to show us.


That team is awesome and Mitchell is having a great year and, and if like they play OKC in a series, he'll think he's as good as sj. Like to me they check all the boxes and OKC now that Chet's back, I was one, we're gonna talk to my dad I think later, but my dad came away like he hadn't really seen a great check game in person. Chet's been a fucking beast since he came back, you know? And I just think they can go small and big. I think OKC is awesome. I think beating them in a series is going to be really, really, really hard. Especially with their good home team too. They get a good crowd. It's a weird place to play. Their fans are like really rabid. They affect the game, they affect the refs and I don't know, I I just like, they're the favorite on FanDuel for a reason.


They have the best team and they have a guy who can score on every team in the league whenever he wants. That matters. Dude, I remember it was Tim's last season, I think I was at the Spurs and yeah we had the playoff series up there and that place is insane. It's a very difficult place to Win. It's, it hurts your head. That was my takeaway in the 2012 finals. Like I actually had a headache after the home games. It was like, this is too loud. I, my head hurts. Yeah. Not to go full spurs deja vu, but it was like that 2012 Spurs team was so great. You remember that? That the team Oh yeah. Didn't make the finals and OKC came back with Harden and Ibaka and, and took them out. The Spurs had won I think 20 dude. I Wrote the, I wrote the Grantland piece after the Spurs killed somebody about how this had a chance to be like a generational team.


And I think OKC swept them after I wrote the piece. Like they just like Yeah they were destroy up two. Oh Yeah. They won game two like by 30 at home in San Antonio. Yeah. And then didn't win the rest of the series. That building is a very, very difficult place. Well Especially when you have game, you're putting young and hungry guys in there. Yeah. And you know, look, you look at the game yesterday and you go back and watch the fourth quarter, which I did this morning. The seltz missed wide open shots, a bunch of them in the fourth quarter. Whereas OKC actually made some shots And the big guy you have written behind you, I think 'cause you wanna remind yourself to talk about him, was Wallace. Wallace made the two dagger shots of the game. Yeah. And Wallace was awesome and Wallace is one of those guys.


Like I do the trade value list. I was like, where does this guy go? Because there's no way they're trading him. Yeah. What's he worth? Like he, if somebody's like, yeah, we'll do this, we'll give you this awesome player. Give us back Wallace and some picks. Presti iss gonna go. No thanks, I'm, you know what I'm doing. I'm actually gonna keep Wallace. Thanks. Thank you though. Thanks for your interest. They can't pay all these guys. And Wallace is written on my board because he, he deserves to be, 'cause he, he played really well last night. Starter made those big shots made. He's a Great five of six Great shot blocking guard like Derek White. He loved that. He's awesome. And just another great young two-way player in Oklahoma City by The way.


21 years old. Born on November, 2003, two years in, they have him at least for two more, you know, ISGA I'm sure we'll work with them a tiny bit for salary stuff, but they're gonna have to pay Chet and they're gonna have to pay Wallace and they're gonna have to play Jalen Williams on top of SGA. That's gonna be really hard. Dot and yeah, like Wallace, Isaiah, Joe, Isaiah Joe was so, SGA took his his his rest at the beginning of the fourth last night. Yeah. The Celtics were making noise and then he hit his own like killer three at the top of the arc.


Yeah. The depth, I think this has come up with a couple of the teams we really like out West Depth is gonna be a real separator. It gives you versatility, it gives you sort of injury insurance. And Oklahoma City has the biggest depth. I think your team had the most depth in a way last year just could play so, so well this, this year. I think the Thunder and the calves can match that. If not, I, I couldn't agree Past that. Well the other thing is OKC has way better variables than the Celtics do. If you're telling me I'm getting everybody for four rounds with the Celtics, I feel great. But I have Horford who's I think 39 who's still playing 28 minutes a game and they're still counting on him in a real way.


I have Drew Holiday who is 34, has got a fucked up hand. I have ing who, I just have no idea when he's playing and when he is not playing at this point. And it's like a pleasure to see him, but I don't trust that he's gonna be out there a hundred percent of the time. I have Pritchard who's hit or miss depending on the game and the matchup. Whereas like I look at OKC and it's like, it would really have something weird would have to happen for any of those guys. Get hurt. They're all young, they're all, you know, same thing for Cleveland. It's a mostly young team that's, you know, you'd have like Darius Garland got hurt last year 'cause he broke his jaw. Somebody hit him in the head. But I just think the durability and consistency of those young guys, when you combine the hunger piece of it, it's, it's gonna be a challenge for the Celtics.


This is gonna be a way different journey for them this year. Like even right now they're two seven, they'll play the Hawks. Let's say the Hawks are the seven seed. They'll beat the Hawks. That's not gonna be like the most fun series. Like the Hawks are, you know, they're, they're, they're not gonna roll over then they'll have the Knicks or Detroit in round two. That's not gonna be easy. And then they play Cleveland or Milwaukee probably. And that's before we get to the finals And I need all my guys to stay healthy the whole time. Like it's, it's just gonna be way harder. Yeah, well the, the the Indiana conference finals last year right. That you know that this is gonna be leveled up. So see That could be every round.


Yeah. And they won last year, which you can't sleep on. Like it's so much harder to do it the second time. Let me ask you this, Detroit, New York, if you had to pick that series right now, who are you taking? I will, so I watched the entire Nick's Portland game last night as my wife And I also watched, watched Paradise. So I had a on the iPad watch going back kind of back Paradise is the perfect show you can watch while you're also doing something else. The Knicks have had, they pulled out some of these, some of these late ones And I kind of think they needed that game last night. I thought Bridges really needed it. Bridges had, was threatening and just become like this appendage.


And I thought that was a really big game for them. Towns hit a couple huge threes down the stretch in the fourth quarter, but I actually think these, this Brunson injury, which you never want anybody to get hurt, but I think it's a, it's it weirdly okay thing for them because now they have to use this different muscle. I thought they were way too reliant on him and now it's like, Hey guys, Mikel Bridges a good offensive player. Maybe you should give him the ball every once in a while. Hey, towns is a good matchup of the last two minutes of a game. So I think they're gonna figure some things out about the supporting cast that's gonna help him when he comes back. That's all good. A good analysis. What I see on my, my end of the efficiency landscape is over the last 15 games, Detroit has the second best net rating in the entire NBAI Know it's, I've, I look at this constantly and I'm, it's they're the one outlier where you're like, why is this team there?


It's 'cause they have, you know, Kate Cunningham, Malik Beasley, maek Beasley turning into Clay Thompson. I don't think many of us predicted that, but he is averaging like 43%. Yeah. From three point range shooting almost 10 Game 16. Clay Thompson. Yeah. He's shooting almost 10 a game and he is making 43% of 'em. It's one of the best catch and shoot seasons of all time. And you know, they are playing great defense in a way that the Knicks are not, I I Think well and they rebound. The rebounding is the other thing. They get second chances. They control the boards. They have size and they're nasty. It's like a nasty team. I wouldn't wanna play 'em if I were the Knicks, but you, me neither.


But you know, wanna see where the Knicks get whole. But anyway, I just thought throw that in there. I Like that every guy in the Pistons is ready to get in a fight. Talked about it before, but I just, I love their attitude on everything. And by the way, they have a realistic chance to get the four seed. So we're taping this Thursday morning, Milwaukee's 36 and 28. Indiana's 36 and 28 Detroit's 37 and 29. Yes. And playing better net rating wise. Name a stat from the last 25 games. I'm gonna look it up right now as we're talking. Just last 25. This is nuts. I have all these bookmarks for the net ratings And I have like 15, 25 and 20 Detroit's 69 in the last 25 and there's six defensive rating.


And do they, they have the second best D as you mentioned, like that's a, that's not a small sample size. 25 games is fucking, that's almost two, two months. It's like seven weeks. And they have a great offensive player. And I know if you haven't gotten a chance to enjoy the Cade Cunningham breakout season, it's wow. It's appointment. Wow. It's beyond a breakout. Would you vote for him? For co for most improved. Most improved. Who are our candidates? I'll give you him right now. Do you have a vote? I can't Remember. No, I do not have a vote. I have a Vote. So I'm not allowed to bet on this. I always wanna mention that. Oh there it is. Yeah. Oh, he is the favorite. Minus two 70 Is Mobley in there.


Dyson Daniels is plus two 20. Mobley is a hundred to one. Now I will get the, The crazy one is Prichard as the favorite for six man at minus two 40 Malik Beasley's plus 300, which tells me nobody's watching the Pistons. 'cause I would've thought Beasley should be the favorite at this point with how important he is. And he is like their, you know, their number two crunch time guy And I, Ty Jerome is down to 25 to one. It used to be 55 to one. I I think he's in there. Toos a great, yeah. And I, He's nas at 25 to one. I, I don't really think of him as a bench guy because it feels like he starts so much and there's always somebody hurt, but he's in there too. Who would you have? Would you go Beasley? No, I'd go Cade because I think it is the most significant.


Oh, for Improved. You go Cade. Yeah. What was the other Oh, Beasley is six man. Yes. I mean, as a nerd who loves catch and shoot stats, like this guy this season is incredible. It's, it's, it's up there with the, the best catch and shoot seasons we've ever seen. Well, You know, you know what, with the thing with Beasley that I noticed at the end of games when they're coming outta timeouts and the other team knows they're probably gonna run a play with him coming around on a three and they're like treating him like he's K Clay Thompson in 2016. This is not, this is now like, oh, this is a nice story. We've, we're well beyond that. Yeah. Teams are treating him like he's a real guy. 'cause he is been a real guy. Yeah. And I, what he brings to that team's offense that needs more offense is, is very important to their, their recent success.


And Cade is a perfect distributor. I love what they're doing. And they, they are not. I, I think you're right. Milwaukee, Indiana sort of fading while they're scorching. I don't think they'll end up as a succeed, which should be good news for, for next fans. There's just no good stats with Milwaukee. Like last 25. They're 12th, right? Last 20. They're 16th and then you go, if we do, well last 15, same thing. They are, they are.


Jesus. Oh, night. That's not bad for last 15. So there's signs of life I guess. But last, but Detroit's played better for them for seven weeks is I guess the, the big point. Let's take one more break and then let's do our thing. I'm really excited for this.


Alright. This episode is brought to you by vrbo, private Vacation Rentals with vrbo, you always get the whole house so you and your fellow fans can cheer on your team in peace. What's worse than watching a game with somebody who's not rooting for the same team? You're rooting for nothing. But that's why if you book a vacation house with vrbo, you know all the people in your house, they'll be friends, they'll be family. Ideally, they'll be the ones who also root for my teams. Plan a winning vacation. Make it a vrbo.


This episode is brought to you by the Wells Fargo active Cash credit card. This is an ad for the active cash credit card from Wells Fargo. That's a mouthful, but that's because it packs a lot in earn unlimited 2% cash rewards on purchases with it big or small. So whether it's buying tickets to the game with your mom or grabbing a coffee with your dog, earn unlimited 2% cash rewards on purchases made with it. Say it with me. The active cash credit card from Wells Fargo. Learn more at wells fargo.com/active cash terms apply.


Alright, so when I was in Austin, Texas last month for a live show, we went to your sports business class at the University of Texas in Austin. Had a bunch of really smart people who had been working for a while on a big project. So you explain what the project was. Yeah, like, so when the semester began, I'll take you back to January of 2025 and, and, and you and Illa and a bunch of people were doing check-ins on the NBA vibe. And at that time the story was ratings are way down. And so we designed a a case around what's going on with the MBA and what would you do to change it.


And we had a bunch of students, like 40 or 50 students, and we'd work with FanDuel. They'd sent us some of their handle data, which was really interesting. So to go beyond just TV ratings and look at betting handle as a proxy for interest in the league as a sort of, especially The live betting and the Yeah. All that stuff. Yeah. 'cause the, the theory is like, Whether you gamble or not, I think we would all admit if there are more bets on a game, that probably means more people are paying attention to it. It might not just be on the background. People are actually paying attention to it. And, and you know, the, the, the, the key thing we found right away is that the, it is a good proxy for interest. It may mix a lot of the TV ratings stuff we saw earlier in the season, which sort of troughed in December and rebounded with that famous Christmas night game between the, the Lakers and Warriors.


And now we're slightly down year over year. But I had the students like, Hey, what would you do? What would you recommend to the commissioner of the NBA to improve the popularity of our broadcasts and, and the, and the overall league itself. So right now the season is 82 games. It starts on October 22nd. This year it ended on April 13th. It's 24 weeks, 82 games. The playing is the mid-April first three rounds of the playoffs. This year starts April 19th, ends June 2nd. So it's seven plus weeks for those three rounds. And the final starts June 5th and ends June 22nd.


And your students decided what? Gotta start later, move to start 45 days later in the calendar. Now their opening day is in December. You still get that Christmas slate and you go into July bill. And this is really for one main reason, which is to get away from the monster that is football, specifically NFL and college football, which hogs all of our attention. It hogs my attention in the fall. It hogs your attention. And we think that there's a compelling case for the NBA to consider moving out from under that boot of the football attention and an an intention economy.


I think if you play more of your games in January, February, March, April, may, June, July, there's a much better chance for better television audiences and, and other sort of signs of interest. So two things with that. They're launching the season October 22nd, they're going against the World Series. They're going against the, the NFL season has really kicked into gear. All the teams are starting to play better. It's like the height of college football, The presidential election. Oh yeah. Every four years a presidential election is coming and they're just popping right in the middle of that. And people are like, cool, thanks.


They're going the way they have it structured now, they're basically going against the NFL for the first 11 weeks of the NBA season. So it's, it's like 45% of the season. They're just going head to head against the NFL. Now, the playoffs, there's less games. Eventually they have the, I talked about how stupid this was a couple weeks ago. NFL ends, super Bowl ends. The NF nfl, the NBA's already done their trade deadlines. So they lose that whole bump from whenever that happens. And then they go right to The All Star break. And what happens during The All Star break, there's no basketball and everybody's complaining about how bad Allstar weekend is. So that's, that's your first arrival, right? And then what always happens is we hit the end of February and there's good basketball games and people are like, whoa, the NBA has got really good.


It's like, no, the NBA was really good actually. You just, you you were concentrated on the football. So I was like, in 45 days seemed like a lot to me. And I did all these different, I I sketched it out a bunch of different ways And I think 45 days is around the right number. Sure. So the first thing I did was 42. So if you move everything 42 days, that's six weeks. Yep. Right. That starts the season on December 3rd, the week after Thanksgiving. At least that, that's what would've happened this year. You start December 3rd, 24 weeks ends May 25th, playing May 27th to May 30th, first three rounds.


May 31st ends July 21st, and then the finals go July 24th ends August 10th. That seems too late to me. I love second, to me, the goal should be how do we get away from football as much as possible? Yeah. How do we take advantage of all of June instead of having the finals end on like June 18th? June 19th? Why are we throwing away June? And then could July really work for us? And I think we both agree it could. And your students, we, I mean talk, talk about the case they made for July. Yeah. July traditionally, and we had, we were lucky enough, Bob Iger came to our class a couple weeks before and he said there's a metric called H huts, households using television that traditionally says July is a no-fly zone on television.


Like that's why there's no new shows. But with streaming and the changing landscape of media consumption, even he was saying this is no longer the case. Like July is open for business. There's, there's streamers that are launching huge shows during the summer. Now I think it's a little bit antiquated to say that there's no business case for playing high Level basketball. It's a lot antiquated. Yeah. I don't think this shit matters anymore. The, the whole model of like TV goes from September to May and Yeah, yeah. We have three networks and we release stuff and we have sweeps and like it's fucking out shows can hit anytime of the year. And if you're on vacation, you have, you bring your cable package with you.


All of us are bringing Hulu or YouTube tv or whatever it is with us, wherever we're going. I do think it is a fair criticism Bill to say that the NBA finals being in July would be annoying to a lot of the key stakeholders. Whether those are the players, the coaches, the executives, the people running the buildings, people in Phoenix or Los Angeles might not want to be in town in July. Those kinds of thoughts are relevant here. But ultimately I think there is a strong business case to be made that we could play the playoffs in the finals later in the spring than we currently do. I, that's where I landed. That's where the, the students landed.


And I think it's, it's compelling enough. The league should consider it. Well, so there's two big things. One, the number of weeks you could just get away from football is just a 100% positive. That's it. Like you're, you're not equal to football. You're not going to be, it's a way bigger audience. You don't have the gambling fantasy stuff that football has. You don't have the ability for everybody to mobilize around Sundays. And football is getting better and better at doing their own schedule. They're better at, oh, here's a Friday game. Oh, now we're gonna have two Christmas games. Oh, now we're gonna tackle Saturdays. Like football's just gonna get better and better at killing the NBA during these first two months. Right? So the more you can get away from that, the better.


And then I just feel like for the NBA April, may, June, July should be the peak months and all of July. So one of the things I was looking at, if you moved everything 42 days, but you had a 76 game regular season, so everybody loses three home games. Three away games. Sorry, you guys just signed a $76 billion deal. You'll be fine. That would start the season on December 3rd, but ended on May 11th, 22 weeks, 76 games playing May 13th to May 16 first three rounds, May 17th to July 7th. Now we're talking finals July 10th to July 27th.


And now all we've done is we've, we've targeted basically post NFL draft our three best months of the season. We don't have to worry about the NFL at all. It's out. And the only thing we'd have to worry about is like the freaking Olympics, but I don't think the NBA players should send our guys to the Olympics anyway. So we're fine with that. So I've asked NBA people about this in the past and they said the biggest reason they wouldn't move it is because of the summer schedule. Because we need our summers. It's the two months off. Our kids are home from school, whatever counter you'd still have August during July, you're working anyway with the Vegas Summer league.


That's become like a almost a two week event. I would get rid of Vegas Summer league completely and use that so that we're done July 27th, the draft is July 31st, tone down summer league. Don't make it this huge thing. And then you basically get August and September and half of October off before we get the priest. That makes way more sense to me. Yeah. I think it would make way more money too. And there's one word that hasn't come up, which explains why it isn't like this already. And that's baseball. When the NBA started avoiding baseball on the calendar was that that era's version of avoiding football now, right.


You know, Mickey Manel and the Yankees, we can't compete with that. Like let's let's start our season right after the World Series. Like that's, that was the logic. This is now an updated version of that where Mickey man on the Yankees is now Patrick Mahomes and the Chiefs. Good point. And one further point, what did Disney just do this week or last couple weeks is get off of their baseball relationship that that's one of the major media partners and they need inventory later into the spring and summer, right? There's no Sunday night baseball anymore. Well let's put, you know, the first round of the playoffs into April, may, June and, and give them more summertime content for those those key moments.


'cause they're also strapped down with football for the entire fall too. So I think there's a lot of compelling reasons to think about this from a media perspective. And as a league that's trying to gain more eyeballs and revenue in an attention comp economy that's increasingly competitive and increasingly in the sports world dominated by both pro football and high level college football in the fall. Yeah. If you're being smart about this, Everything moving later also means the trade deadline is after the NFL season, your all-star break and all-star game. If you have one now that's moving to mid-March, maybe even during March Madness, maybe you just don't have an All-Star game anymore and you just have Allstar break is March Madness.


I still love Chris Ryan's idea of having Allstar break actually just be bi weeks with 10 team bi weeks, three weeks in a row where each set of 10 teams gets one week off. And I would get rid of The All Star game. I don't think it works that they wanna have some sort of big corporate event make that the NBA cup whenever you have that. But the big thing to me that we know we're right is because some of the stuff that they're already doing is a reaction to the fact that football is just killing them. Mm. Right. Yeah. Moving The t and t Barclay show show from Thursdays to Tuesdays during the NFL season is a direct concession that you're getting destroyed on Thursday nights.


That's right. Just period doing this. NBA cup thing is a direct concession that nobody gives a shit about the NBA in late October, November, and December. And you need to do something to be like, Hey, we're over here. They just need to move it. And here's the other thing, Kurt Goldsberry, we know expansion's coming 32 teams, if there's ever a time to go to a 69 game schedule, it's when they do these expansion teams. Because 32 games, you play the other 31 teams twice, right? You have four eight team conference, eight team divisions. So you play everybody twice and you play everyone in your vision one more time and it's 69 games total.


All right, so let's start the season December 10th, let's end it May 4th. Let's play a 20 week season. Let's start to play in May 6th and May 9th. Let's play the first three runs, May 10th to June 30th, and let's start the finals July 3rd end on July 20th with a 69 game schedule. There's no fucking way you can tell me that's not gonna be better for the NBA. If attention is good, then that's better. And I think the other thing you mentioned in there is like make the NBA cup, The All star game right after the Super Bowl. That's our welcome back to the NBA moment for football. Right? It's so, it's such a great format. Shout out to the NBA for adding that. It, it really makes those, those meaningful one game events that the NFL has taught us are so great.


But the NBA cup is a winning addition to the calendar. And I think you're right. I think we could survive in July. I don't know about Summer league in August. That's a, that's a tricky part. There will be people who are annoyed, but I think you just Have it for the, don't make it as big of a thing as it was and just make it like I, the the, if you're gonna do a counter on this, the hardest thing to figure out is the college season ends, kids graduate, but you wouldn't be able to have the draft until July and end of July. So none of those kids would know where they're playing, who they're working out for, for an extra six weeks. That's not nothing. Maybe you have the draft be between the regular season and the playoffs. I don't know. But that, but that's the only part I couldn't figure out.


So the, the, let's say, you know, early April college season ends, you know, if we're not starting until December, who cares if the draft is is not till the August or whatever. I think that's fine, Right? Those kids are all working out on themselves. All right. Screw the rookies. So just, I'm gonna go through this one more time. 69 game regular season. Once we have 32 teams starts December 10th ends May 4th. We could even say we'll give everyone next week, it'll start May 11th, but let's say May 4th, the playoffs are done first three rounds on June 30th. Finals goes July 3rd, right before July 4th, which would be cool through July 20th. And we're done on July 20th.


So we basically, if you shorten the season and then move it and it's a month longer, and now I'm concentrating on my best stuff in May, June, July. That's how you win. Yeah. And this is how they have to think. And I, if they don't start thinking this way, I'm gonna really start thinking that they need new leadership at the top. I know they got this giant media deal, but these are easy fixes that they should do Well, and the other thing that I think is starting to percolate out, there's this rumor of alternate leagues coming around. And I think that It could, right, it's not a, not a rumor anymore. It's not a rumor anymore. And I wonder, you know, in an era where Liv Golf came in and the Saudi soccer thing came in, if the league keeps jamming us up with 82 games and making it such a slog, if they don't show some concession to the athletes or to the players, are they making these rival league potentials more attractive to some of their talent A around, and you can call me crazy all you want.


I I'm saying if you follow soccer or golf, you've just seen this, those things weren't gonna be real until they were, I think there's a real chance the NBA needs to be proactive here. That's what I would say. Keep being proactive. Don't be reactive here. There's a chance to make the NBA better. And if you look at the numbers, I think it was Lakers Celtics biggest broadcast of the year. Perfect. Right? When did that happen? After the NFL? If you put that game on a wild card Saturday, you're done. Nobody watches that. And you put it instead in March. And here we have 5 million people watching it on American television. That's a big deal. That's the kind of incremental improvement we could ramp up across the, across the business if we got out of the way of football.


Well, one of the cool things that your students did, I mean, there's a, all this anecdotal evidence we have anyway, that football is just destroying everyone else and that it's an absolute monster. But then the college football piece, not just NFL where college football really cress from the end of August, mid-November probably, and then we start getting it. So it's probably mid-November inch. So you're going, it's two monoliths every weekend. Right? I just don't know why you would do that if You don't have to. The the only thing, my big takeaway is, And I didn't really think about it until I was in your class, it makes zero sense to start on October 22nd, October 23rd, anywhere in October. It's fucking stupid.


They shouldn't do it anymore. And if they're gonna move, if they wanna move it to mid-November, even that makes more sense, right? But first week of December makes the most sense and they just have to start thinking that way. And I really think like if you're just trying to get like basketball NBA nirvana for how a season should go, it should be 69 games. It should start in December and it should end in July. And they're gonna win if they do that One. So one of the people at the NBA told me is like, you know, we came up with the NBA cup as a way to sort of help the owners compensate for a loss of regular season inventory. And when confronted with the, the idea, Hey, let's go down to 70 games or 74 games, we're gonna add this in-season property to to, to compensate for that, we'll sell it to a media partner.


The owners of course came back with, well, why don't we do 82 games and the in season tournament, right? And not lose any money. So I think somebody needs to do a better job of convincing owners and players that somehow we're gonna make the same amount of total revenue if we drop the games to 70, 69, whatever we decide. 'cause right now that's the case that has failed to make it across the table and land with the owners. And that's the simple reason why we still have 82 games. Hey, I have a question. How much fucking revenue do you need? We're gonna have guys making $75 billion a year. Like how much is how, how much is enough? You just signed a $76 billion deal.


Like, do what's best for the sport, try to grow the sport and this is the best way to do it. You mentioned the alternative league. So it's it's being pushed by Maverick Carter, who's LeBron, one of his business guys. And when I heard about it, I thought it was, I just thought it was bullshit because I didn't think it was real. Because I thought initially everyone thought those guys were getting the Vegas team. And then I, I don't, I think it's wide open. I don't think they have any inside track at all. And In fact, there's other groups that I would bet on before them. And I thought this was a ploy by them to pretend they're doing, raising Saudi money and blah, blah, blah. And ultimately, all right, we'll drop it if we get the Vegas team.


That's not the case. They, they have got a shitload of money for this and a plan. And everything I've heard is that it's kind of real. I don't know if they have all the money yet, but they have enough that could you, could you form a 16 league and convince 5, 6, 7 stars to basically jump when their contracts? I think the contracts would have to be over. But I look at Luca, he's done in 26. Like that's somebody like, all right, if he's, could this be a live situation? What does he carry? Doesn't that mean loyalty to the NBA? He just got traded. So like, could you pay, could you build a league and have like six, seven Luca type guys? Hey Luca, here's a hundred million dollars a year. You're playing at 35 game season and, and you're gonna be the face of one of the faces of this league.


Like I think it's real. And I think the NBA owners are a little more worried about it than I think has been reported so far. Yeah. Imagine a world where you get paid more money to play less basketball and travel around the World. Way less basketball. Way less basketball, right? Imagine a world where you're paid more money to play less basketball travel around the world. You get to live if you're Luca, I'm not, I haven't heard anything, but if you're Luca, you can live in Slovenia and make these flights to Singapore or Manila or Shanghai to play in this touring style F1 almost structured basketball league. Again, anybody who's followed soccer or golf knows this could happen.


This could, Right? It's happened. So to sit here and say this is, this is, this is impossible, is to be naive. And I, And it's also that, right? We're in a world right now where rich people throw money at sports stuff. It's just a fact. We're in a world now where the Saudis and everybody on that side of the world is pumping incredible amounts of money into UFC and the WWE and boxing, like they, the, they've completely transformed boxing to think that they couldn't decide to just do that with basketball is nuts. It's nice. And they could, and the basketball's legitimately a global sport now in the NBA, it is a global league to its credit. I got to go to Paris and watch NBA games, but that was two games, right on the continent of Europe all year long.


People in the Philippines would kill to see this level of basketball. People in China, people in Europe, people in Africa, Australia. This is truly a global game unlike baseball or football. And so I think that makes it even more attractive to somebody to come through and try to disrupt it. Because you know what, Memphis and Cleveland, those are cool cities, but so are Singapore and Shanghai, and there's real money around there. You mentioned that it's a global game. They also have players that I think unlike, unlike with some of the golfers, you have players that have huge social media footprints that if they switched leagues or went or did something else, they'd actually be able to promote themselves.


You know? And it's like, I remember when, when my contract was almost up with ESPN and it seemed like people thought I was gonna leave and they were writing about it. It's like, well, you can't leave. ESPN can't leave the machine. It's like, guess what? And then all of these people over the next 10 years, including myself, were able to leave and start stuff. And it's like, You don't need the fucking machine. I don't think the basketball players need the machine. I think if they were part of another league, I think, I think people would pay attention to it. Dude, down here in Texas, there's like more than one of my friends, multiple friends Mavericks fan friends that are not joking when they say, I'm rooting for the Lakers this year. Right? Like, maybe these brands aren't as strong as we think they are in the, in the social media era where you say, oh, Luke not with is on, not with, yeah.


Oh, I'm a Luke. Kids fall On the players. Yeah. Shout out to Jason Gallagher's kid again. I mean, like, that's the future. I'm just going Just August's kid, just with repeated mentions on the pod. Yeah, no, it's, you're right though. They're just gonna follow, they'll follow him there. And guess what, they'll probably follow him too when he is playing for the Singapore Giants. That's what, Remember they call it, I'm, that's what soccer's taught us, dude. I mean, that, that's exactly how these kids follow soccer. They're Ronaldo or they're messy, or they're em mbae and they're going with them wherever that's going. Why wouldn't that happen to these athletes that are just as popular? Well, I'll tell you this, the NBA has to start taking all this shit seriously. They're throwing away the first two months of the season every year. The season's too long. Nobody likes it. The players don't like it.


There's all these solutions that they're unwilling to explore. They're gonna add two teams and somehow keep an 82 game schedule, which is fucking stupid. And they have all this money that they already got that allows them now the luxury to rethink this whole system. And that's how they should be thinking. And if they're not thinking that way, they need new people to run the league. And one last one last point about the 82 games. It's more than just too much inventory load management. If you look at the data load management really annoys fans. People don't want to turn on TNT like we did for that Celtic Sixers game the other night and see the main red claws in the Delta wear Delaware 87 ERs. Yeah. One of the reasons that happens is we're, we're, we're putting too many games out there.


If we had fewer games, there'd be fewer load management situations. We would have full, full teams playing each other. The product would be better on average. Well, you'd also have a situation like Philly has now punted on their season. You don't have to watch the zombie Sixers for the next two months. Not give a shit. Like, all right, we're, we're out way sooner. You know, Simulation mode, you can enter it. Yeah. Yeah. But yeah, I think that's a big thing, bill. I think the shorter season where games feel more like events, it takes a little blind faith to see that that could get you to more revenue. But I love your point about, hey, well you just locked up this huge media rights deal. Do you really need a lot every second people Are paying the most money they've ever paid for your teams?


Like this is a time now to be proactive and try to get better at stuff, and that this is gonna require real vision. And it's not just like we've come up with the NBA cup, we've added a new event to All Star Weekend on Saturday. It's like, we're not talking about that. Like you have a chance to actually fix shit. All right, Kurt Goldsberry was fun to sit in your class, shout out to your students. That was a great presentation. I will see you soon. Say everybody in Austin. Thank you, bill. Thank you.


This episode is brought to by Intuit TurboTax. Taxes was waiting and wondering and worrying. It's almost like how in the old days of fantasy football, we used to have to tally the scores on a Monday and then the commissioner would just mail them out to everybody and wait three days to see if you won. Those were the old ways of doing it. Now, taxes is matching with a TurboTax live full service expert who gives your taxes their undivided attention. They can file your taxes as soon as today. And while they do, you get real time updates on their progress, meaning you can get back to what's important, the game. Now, this is taxes Intuit TurboTax. Get an expert now on turbotax.com.


This episode is brought to by the new MGM Plus original series nine Bodies and a Mexican morgue. All right, here's one for the mystery fans. There are 10 passports, nine bodies, and one deadly secret. That's the setup for nine bodies and a Mexican morgue. The new Mjm plus original series that'll keep you guessing until the very end. A plane crashes deep in the jungle. Nine passengers survive until they don't. One by one, the survivors start dying in brutal, mysterious ways. Now they're not just fighting the elements, they're fighting to stay alive. Starring Emmy Award winner Eric McCormick. This gripping thriller will have you second guessing everything. Watch nine Bodies in a Mexican war streaming now on Mjm Plus with new episodes Sundays, by the way, great movies at Mjm Plus.


All right. My dad is here complaining to me all during the OKC Celtic game. It's been a tumultuous year for him. He just adopted a, a new puppy lost, sadly. Lost Sally. A couple months ago you thought you were gonna be a one dog family, and then all of a sudden you're telling me you're getting a puppy. Ruby is the name, and, and now you're up with a puppy that's peeing on pads and scratching you and biting you. And was it worth it, I guess is my question? Yes. I think I'm just watching her because she's been peeing on The all morning. Oh, good. Yeah. Yeah. She actually, last night was good.


She got up at two o'clock. She did her business, went back to bed, woke me up at seven 30. Only 10 weeks old. Sounds great. Yeah, I mean, like you said, Molly, my wife Molly can bring the puppy when she's 10 years old to the nursing home to visit. It's gonna work out great. Alright, good. Congratulations. Yeah, thanks. So you, you went to the Celtic game last night and you hadn't seen this version of OKC in person. What was your take? What was your in-person takeaway of the Thunder? A couple things. It's the best team I've seen all year come into the garden in person.


They seemed to have 20 players that they just rotated in and out. I, I didn't know half the names of the players on the team. They just came in, they played great defense, whoever it was, they got rebounds, they passed. Well, they didn't settle for the three, they only took the three when it was open. And they had no lane to the basket, but they went to the basket a lot. I don't know if you saw the, the free throw disparity. They had over 30 free, free throws like yesterday. And they earned them. They went to the basket. They were physical. Meanwhile, we were terrible. We, we just settled for three shot, three point shot. After three point shot.


Nobody wanted to go to the basket. Jalen Brown had one of those horrific games that he occasionally has fo fouled out, which is so unusual. But he, he made dumb fouls and on top of it, it was my least favorite referee crew. So when I saw who the refs were, I was thinking, you know, this is a big game for the NBA. It's un, you know, do you think they could have brought in a good crew? And I, we, I should mention, my dad's not a Tyler Ford guy. Not at all. If you see, if you see Tyler Ford doing assault the game, just know my dad's upset immediately. Yeah. It couldn't have just been me the whole game.


The subjects were complain. I know we complain a lot. The subs complain a lot on the floor, but there were some really horrendous calls last night. And the disparity, you know, you, you're the home team, even though you're not going to the basket, you should get a few calls, right? Yeah. See, all the Celtic fans were saying this, but we shot 63 3. So at that point, you're probably not gonna get a shitload of free throws. You know, I, I know we weren't gonna the basket enough. I also think, but Kirk And I talked about the game a little bit, but I, I left some stuff for you. I thought Dort was like the worst possible guy to guard Jalen. I I thought Jalen could not solve him at all. He's just strong.


He's smaller and he just couldn't figure him out. Him. Yeah. It was so ironic after watching how, what a good job Brown did in the previous game on defense. The defense, yeah. And in this game, he then not only did a poor job on defense, dork killed him, you know, he's built like a linebacker. Yeah. He just, he really out muscle him. I, I know everybody's talked about how, what great shape Jalen Brown is in from working out all summer. And you know, he, he's a pretty big guy, but DOF made him look small. Yeah, it was, yeah.


Was a frustrating game for everybody. So this is 51 or 52 years season tickets for you? This is my 51st year. How many guards have you seen in person that were better than SGA? Oh, I mean, Jordan, obviously. Yeah. Would You, I guess, would you put him on like the, like second highest level? Highest level? Like he's unstoppable and we were throwing everybody at him. Yeah. He's, he's in the top 10, obviously. I, I've not seen him in person because I didn't go to the game last year against OKC. He, he was unstoppable.


And, and also he's fluid. Like he goes to the basket, looks like he's gonna be contained and gets the shot up somehow. He, he has a lot of tricky shots too. And they all go in. He, if I'm a defender, I'm really frustrated trying to guard that guy. He was really good. I, I already mentioned that he has my MVP vote. Oh yeah. I, I don't know if you got a vote this year, but, oh, I'm gonna pass it along anyway. I thought, because I was in the documentary, I gotta vote this year. No, you don't get a vote. Oh, Oh, Would you? The SGA, the inability for us to control him reminded me of Andrew Tony a million years ago.


I was thinking of some of the other, because I remember we went to that finals game in oh eight when, when they beat the Lakers that year. But Kobe, there was that game too, when the Lakers started coming back. Right. And Kobe, all of a sudden was unstoppable for like two minutes. And it, there's the crowd, you can feel the energy kind of die 'cause you're going, oh my God, what do we do? S j's a little bit like that. Like, I was thinking about a series against him, and you think like with Holiday and Derrick White and then some size with Brown and Tatum, this is the right kind of team to stop him. But I, I'm not sure anyone's stopping him this year. Well, I will have a though. He, he goes to the basket frequently.


I mean, he has a very, very nice, obviously a good outside shot. Made a couple threes, but his, his game is going to the basket. Right. No, Pingus, are you going there? No. Yeah. Would've made a difference in the middle. We got out, we mounted out hustled. They, they played a two big lineup. And our two bigs were Horford and Yeah, Luke Cornett, Luke Cornett. And we just didn't match up very well. But it wasn't just that they're a driving team and they had a lot of layups. And I know poor Zingus would've made a difference out there. Yeah. But the problem is, when you And I talk about this constantly, like poor Zynga has hit the point where it's exciting to have him.


But you notice when he is in the game and he just hasn't played enough, and there's this reason, that reason and another reason, and now I'm at the point where you think about having to get through the Knicks and Cleveland and OKC potentially, I don't think they can win all three of those rounds without Pingus. And I have no idea if he's gonna be available. I agree. I I was just reading the, he's missed seven of the last eight games and the one game he did play, he, he had, he was limited minutes. And it's very mysterious. He has, he has this virus that has Yeah. That they can't find out what it is. He was at the game last night, all dressed up, sitting on the bench. He looked great, but he wasn't playing the game.


Right. I don't get it. What, you've gone to a lot of these games. What's up with the, why aren't they better at home this year? What is it Too many threes? They get three happy at home. They don't, they don't seem to go to the ba. That's one thing. They don't go to the basket as much. The other thing that I I've noticed is they, they always start slow. It's like they, they didn't wake up yet. And the other last night was a prime example, it was nine, nothing. And they took a time out. Yeah. But Now you have nine points you have to make up. And what did we lose by? I think we lost by, you know, seven or eight. I don't know why the slow starts. I don't know whether, I don't know what's going on there.


They, you know, if you noticed last night, our first 10 shots were three point shots. Yeah. If, if they're not going in, that leads to a defensive rebound, a fast break by the other team, and suddenly they're scoring and we don't work the ball inside when Forus isn't there. I mean, the thing is, if I showed you, if you didn't even watch the game, And I just showed you the stat sheet, and it was like, we shot 63 threes and 12 free throws, like, oh, we lost. Like, that's, that's just, that's a guaranteed loss. The guy in front of me, Mike said to me, is that almost the end of the first quarter, he said, you know, we haven't taken or made a two point shot yet.


Yeah. Every shot was a free or a, or a free, free throw. You can't win against a team like OKC playing that kind of basketball. It's, it's, it's, you know, it's hit or miss. Can you give us your, your Tatum, you've watched every season of Tatum's career, you've been going Yeah, I feel like he's gone up half a level. I thought he was awesome in the Laker game. I thought he was really good last night. He certainly wasn't the reason they lost and in general feels like he's gone up a notch. So what are you seeing in person? I, I feel, I agree with you. He is gone up a notch. It's the best season he's had that I've seen him play. He's, he's like a, a general out there.


He controls all of our offensive action. You know, it's every game he takes, three or four shots he kind of wish he didn't take. That may be, And I don't know Whether, you know, too many times gonna the basket, you know, you don't wanna be hit every time he go in there. But yeah, it seems like every time he goes to the basket, he can score. I'd like when he goes to the basket, but then pulls up and takes that 15 footer, I feel like that's unstoppable. It's it, he, it's been unstoppable the last, you know, month or so. But he doesn't do it that often. Yeah. He'll more often settle, you know, he'll be out three point line and all of a sudden I look up and the shot clocks at six sec seconds, five seconds.


And he takes that fall away pretty long. Three point shot and it's hit or miss. He doesn't have good percentage on that. Yeah. I, I'm not, I, I'd love to see him go to the basket, you know, maybe, of course Zingus was out there opening the lane up a little bit. OKC really clogged the lane with their bigs. There wasn't a lot of room to drive, which I understand from, you know, why they took so many threes. But you would've been frustrated sitting at that game. Yeah, I would, I didn't enjoy watching on tv. Yeah. I mean the, the biggest thing that shifted this year is we left last season, Tatum and Brown were kind of one A, one B. Yeah. And Tatum has really, And I, it's not, Jalen has had some good stretches and some bad stretches, but Tatum, the amount of stuff that he's doing game to game on both sides is he's also the best rebounder on the team.


Right. He defends everybody on the other team. Yeah. He runs the offense. I, I think he's having an awesome season. Like, to me, he's clearly the number 3M VP and there's, there's some Giannis people who are like, well, Giannis is 30 and 12 and six. But I just think the Celtics are more successful and Tatum as is big of a burden. And he's also running the offense. So there's a couple of other trends that, that I noticed. You know, it was the fourth quarter, middle of the fourth quarter, and Jalen Brown had four points. Right. And five and five fouls. That's your, that's your highest paid player. You, you can't get that out of that guy. And You're trying to light a fire under Jalen Brown right now.


I I I didn't understand his game last night. Yeah. The other, the other thing you And I have talked about it, their bench, OKCs bench was terrific. Our bench wasn't, I know when you have a starter out, everybody moves up a little bit. But I love Pritchard And I love Hauser, but in really big games against really good teams Yeah. Who have, who have good defense, they shut him down. Yeah, I agree. Yeah, I agree. That's why I don't think Pritchard, he, he's favorite to win six, man. But I've just seen too many games where I don't think he's impactful enough. Whereas like Cleveland, that t Jerome will come in and he'll just swing the game when he comes in, you know? Yeah.


There's games where Pritchard doesn't do that. But I also think the amount of money they're paying for the top six guys on this team, it's really hard to have a bench. You know, like, it, it's just, it's just hard to find that ninth, 10th, 11th guy when you're shelling out the amount of money that they're paying. So it makes sense. But I agree. I thought OKC just seemed so much deeper last night. OKC did something else. That else, the teams that are beating us seem to be doing, they're picking us up almost at half court Trying to put miles on Tatum. Yeah, Yeah. And yeah, and pushing us out. Pushing us out. Yep. Further and making us, so, and by doing that, when you look up at the shot clock, it's 10 seconds to go.


By the way, we did that to the Lakers on Saturday. That was one of the big reasons. They, they were making Luca and LeBron like really work just to bring the ball up, which I don't understand why more teams don't do against them. Yeah. That's what, that's why Brown was so effective against Luca, against the Lakers. Yeah. It was, you know, brown was on Alexander last night quite a bit, but he's a different kind of player than Luca. Yeah. He's too crafty Also in person. He's very slight. You, you don't expect him to be, you know, he gets a lot of rebounds. He's, he, he slid slow the lane, like Yeah.


Very few players I've seen. And Brown couldn't stop him. So would you have us, you sa you saw a Boston Cleveland game in person too? Yeah. Yeah. Would You have us third with those three Right now? Right now I would, Yeah. I would too. Well for, for, for kind of a different reason. I know that OKC had a, the Williams kid didn't play last night, but Cleveland is a hundred percent healthy usually this year. And you And I talked about it. I thought they made a couple of great additions for the bench. Yeah. We like Hunter. I always loved Hunter And I always, when Jerome was on OKC, I, I thought he's a great guy off the bench.


Yeah. So who, who, who gets them both Cleveland, right? Yeah. I know they had Cap room, but, and that's like you said earlier, that's where we have a difficulty when our six players make so much money at the top. What's the, what's the Patriot's fever right now with the free agents and the number four pick? Well, I think people like the additions. Yeah. With the exception of why haven't we signed a receiver and why haven't we signed an offensive tackle? And like the paper today that cam, I don't, I can't say I've ever seen Cam Robinson play except he is a left tackle.


And maybe you plug him in for a year. Yeah. It's tough. It's tough when the case for somebody is, he has two arms, two legs and a head. And he plays left tackle 20 million. Let's give him a chance from the Rams. You think he's, you think he is done? I think he's, I think it's a wrap. Yeah. There's some bad stats with him about getting open like year by year, the last five years where last year he just doesn't get open anymore. We don't need another guy who can't get open. Yeah. We already have five guys who can't get open. I, here's where I've talked myself into, well first of all, I'm, I'm, I'm praying the Giants take Sanders because they don't have a quarterback and it seems like Rogers might go to Pittsburgh and they haven't done anything else.


So it's like, please take Sanders. I'm, I am all in, I'm planning my flag on this. 'cause they don't need Graham. 'cause they beefed up the defensive line. I'm all in on Travis Hunter. I'm all in on taking him at receiver at four. And then maybe in the dime packages he comes in and plays some D back. But just can, can you turn him into a top five receiver? I think you could. That's your number one receiver. You also have the flexibility. Maybe he can play on the other side of the ball a little bit. It's just like he's, it just seems like he's a sure thing. Right. I want a sure thing at the number four. I want, I want like a blue chipper who would be a $35 million player a year someday.


That's what I want. I agree with you. It seems like there's two sure things, hunter and Carter. And it would be fabulous to have Carter on a defensive line with the additions we've made Otherwise trade back. Like if you don't get one of those two trade back, Trade back and maybe take one of the other tackles, a 10 or 11 or somewhere in there. I do love the Drake. May Hunter I day would be super fun. But I think this has been a really fun draft to follow. Especially like we just need two teams to take a quarterback ahead of us and then it shoves the guys down and you're just watching the Giants not get anyone, not make the Stafford trade, not get a free agent.


I'm feeling, I'm feeling optimistic that, you know what happens in these drafts? Teams get really anxious. I don't have a quarterback. Yeah. And there's two quarterbacks sitting there. Right. I I'm not gonna be at all surprised if we don't see the Giants take the quarterback. They have no quarterback. They Can't, I can't wait. It's be the most exciting draft we've had in a while because this high and potentially have it work out. Marshan Can we talk Marshan for a second? Yeah. Very. I, I hate the way the Bruins let our 16-year-old, 16 year veteran captain of the team just walk away somewhere else.


E especially to an Arch enemy team. The, the panther That was the worst part for me was Florida. Just come on outta all the teams. That's who, that's who you're gonna trade them to. Well, the other thing is, they they gave a crazy amount of money to Lynn Holmes. Yeah. The forward or center forward. And he, and he's terrible. So we know Marchand gives 110%. Yeah. He's our second leading scorer was our second leading scorer. Pony up some money. And he is a legend. He is gonna retire, retire, retire as a hall of famer, all that stuff. It's the Part of sports that I hate, But it's the Danny Ange thing, right.


Where Danny Ange used to say, if I was running the Celtics in the late eighties, I would've traded Bird and Michaela and started over. You can't be loyal to the memories he traded Kevin Garnett in 2013. It's like the best thing for the team is to make the move. But I don't know, you get like a late pick of the first round and it's not like this is making or break in your future. Well, it's not even a first, it's a second round. It's A conditional second. That could turn into a first. Yeah. Yeah. I just think that Marshan was not the guy you traded. You, you work it out or you let him, you let him stay here until the end of the year. We're not, we're not going anywhere. Is cousin Brian, all right?


I know he took this one hard. He did take this one hard. There's nobody left. I mean, who's like, who's gonna be the well pastor next to your number one jersey in the stands now? But other than that, nobody left from 2000, early 2000 tens that whole run. Right now. The, the irony is I think within the two weeks that they traded Marsh and they, they identified next year's ticket prices, which they raised. Oh no. Quite a bit. Yeah. So the timing was terrible timing. I also there don't you think that Neely and Sweeney are on thin ice in terms of where we're headed and the move, the moves we've made of the last five years?


Well, it's a whole generation now that they won the cup though. The month I started Grantland. Right. This is million years ago. You know, it's like you have like 20-year-old kids now that barely remember it. It was for me. It was two dogs ago. Yeah. Right. That's how, yeah. I forgot that's how you measure dog years or living dogs. Yeah. I don't know. I don't know that. 'cause they have that. And then the other thing is the Celtic sale that Somebody, oh, there's the paper today. Did you see it? There's four left. The four left, yeah. And the bids are, the final bids are coming in Friday. There was five and Lori dropped out. The Eagles owner, I think he, I think like pretty soon after the Super Bowl was out, I thought they thought, they think, they thought there was gonna be five When they looked, had a lengthy ride up in Boston Globe.


Without that, it doesn't look like anybody has the means to pay for this team without a lot of backup support. So that's one of the things about me, well one of the things is nobody knows the composition of all the groups. So you have all these minority partners, so we're gonna throw 'em money, but nobody knows what side they picked with the four left. Yeah. And who's on whose team. So it's, it's a lot of, but tying to the Bruins, I think part of the play would be you'd build a new arena and so you're paying for the team, but then you also know like in the 2000 thirties, there's gonna be some sort of basketball arena that you build that's like what the Equippers did.


Yeah. So it's really, you're like 10 billion all in. So you need like the capital behind that. But for the Bruins it's not great. 'cause they're gonna be stuck in this other building. They'll be the only tenant in seven years. And then the team hasn't been, you know, is definitely arrow pointing down. So it's, it's Interesting times. It's a building, a building that's gonna be 30 years old soon. Isn't that crazy? Remember driving by the garden and just seeing the carcass of half of a stadium for that whole winter in 94, I remember almost, almost 30 years ago after we'd had our tickets in the old garden, 20 years plus them taking me into this new garden to pick a seat 30 years ago now.


And, and it, it, I know they've done it as much as they could refreshing it, but it is what it's, it's not like the new arena. Like you've been talking about the Clippers place, how spectacular it is. Yeah, No, I think the Lakers are in the same boat. The staples was built I think in like 99 or 2000. It's quote unquote state of the art. But it's really not. It sucks. Yeah. And now they're in this, what do you do? And you have the Equippers who have this incredible arena. So I know that's gonna be a piece of the Celtics purchase. You have to think arena. But You know, Boston as well as I do, there's no land. I mean, There's one part they, if you go back and you read. Remember when we, we were gonna have the Olympics in Boston for that Yeah.


Before it got shot down. Right. And they had a whole plan for where it was gonna be. And one of the, one of the big locations was gonna be on 93 past, like where Emerson is going toward like Quincy and the Cape. Yeah. It's Yard There, this whole section. Yeah. And I think that's where the arena would go if I think that's the location And I think it's open. So I, whatever, it'll definitely, something's definitely gonna happen over the next 10 years. But that, the big thing for me with the Celtics sale is like Pag Luca is one of the four guys left. He's the number two owner right now. Right. He's the one that if he gets it, you have the stability, you keep the organization intact. If the other three guys, any of those guys get it, who knows.


They just come in like, here are my ideas, I'm bringing to my own guys. And you could have just complete dysfunction. Yeah. And that really worries me. It's like the year John Y. Brown came in from Kentucky, you know, the people come in outside of Massachusetts, they, they come in with diff whole group, different ideas, you know, Well they all wanna do their one thing and then you end up in the Luca Don situation where you have the new Dallas owners, they're like, yeah, let's trade them. We get Anthony Davis and a pick Max Christie Done The other thing, we've talked about it. If, if they don't have deep enough pockets, round's probably on his way out the door, The tax bill is pretty crazy.


It is crazy. Yeah. I think like some of it will depend on what happens in the playoffs, but yeah, I'm, I'm prepared as a fan. I'm prepared. And you are too. Like, I don't know what's gonna happen. You're gonna have this new owner group paying six plus billion dollars. The team, let's say they don't win the title and then they're looking at a tax bill of $200 million on top of what they just paid. And it's like, all right, first move, I've decided to do this. God only knows what that's gonna be. It could be anything. They've already, we, we just got our packages a couple weeks ago for season tickets for next year, significant increase in ticket prices. Oh Really? Yeah. And, And I understand, you know, we won.


Need me to wire you some money. I just wanted to mention it, you know. Alright. I, I'll flag it. I'll talk to my Guy. I read, I read online yesterday that you signed a new contract with, Might have some extra, so they rate, so they jacked it like 10%. It's a, it, each seating area has a different percentage. But I just wanted to mention it. You know, as long as we're talking, well You, we have the episode three of Celtic City, which spoiler alert, we, you popped in. We interviewed a hundred plus people. We interviewed some old season ticket holders, but that first year you bought the, you bought your ticket. It was four bucks. $4, yeah.


$4 for the 73 74 season. $4. So now it's like, what is it now? Like, like 400 a ticket? Well, No, not that high. Is it? Is it up there? Oh, we could talk after Jesus. They, They flex the tickets. Yeah. Oh, that's right. So yeah. So the, there's no one price for the seat for one game. You, you come in and you see Dallas now one of the terrible teams or new New Orleans, it's a totally different price than Thers, for example. And Philly, they could probably, if Philly comes in again, they could probably tank those tickets Yeah. And knock them down. But you know, understandable that they the prices Yeah.


On the Bruins they're putting out and the fact that they let their captain go. Yeah. It's funny, like when we, when you had, we used to go to the games in the seventies and it was all blue collar, all all like just the most normal people possible. And then the eighties we just started watching them go away one at a time. Right. Yeah. And I remember the guy, the guy with the hat with the mustache, like that guy who's, and all of a sudden he was gone and just, and it just, and then by the time we got to the fleet center, it was just completely different. Yeah. Big bird with the sun. Yeah, yeah, yeah. All the regular Mary in front of us, all the regulars.


It's a new group of very nice people. Yeah. But it's a, it's a different group. Yeah. There's still some old timers there though. Yeah, there are. Yeah. Yeah. But you're like, I think you're like in the top six of longest runs now or top five. Yeah. I I should be, I I I think Should honor you at halftime or something. Jesus. Well They mis they mistakenly say that this season took a hold his tickets 55 years, but he got them from his brother who passed away. Right, right, right. It's not like it should be straight through. Yeah. I mean I consider that the same way the lake is, count the Minnesota title. Yeah. Right. It's same thing. Right. We had that in the episode two of Celtic City. They mentioned how the Lakers trying to win their first title in Los Angeles and all, you know, they're not counting the Minnesota titles at all.


And then somehow I'm not in the eighties. All of a sudden they're like, yeah, in those five titles we won in Minnesota. I'm I'm sure like if OKC wins the title this year, they're not gonna be like, it's our second title following the one we won in Seattle. They're not gonna say that. Seattle y. Yeah. I I think it's crazy. I guess were they the Minnesota Lakers? So they changed, they didn't change Minneapolis Lakers. Yeah, The Minneapolis Lakers. So that's, that's what they hang their hat on. I guess you live out there, I mean you shoulda had an argument with some people about they probably have 12 titles. I'll tell you the Luca thing is maddening. Oh yeah. Because they love Luca and the energy at the home games is completely different already.


And this is like LeBron, like obviously most, one of the most popular NBA players of this century and one of the most famous and one of the best. But he's been on all these other teams and it's always year to year with him. And he's a Laker but it's, it's a little more of a hired gun. They look at Luca and they're like, this guy's 25, like this guy might be in our life for the next 15 years. Like, you can just feel the energy shift. So, so when Zoe's date shows up at the front door with a Luca jersey on No, that's it. That's the door gets slammed. That's not happening. Don't worry. Don't ever worry about that. Okay. Good. All right. Alright. Good to see you. Congrats on your dramatic debut in episode three, Celtic City.


I, I still can't, I still haven't hired an agent. Yeah, probably not. I don't think you need to. Okay. Alright. Alright. Good to see you. Thanks Pat. You Too. Alright, that's it for the podcast. Thanks to Kirk and my dad. Thanks to Kyle and Srid and Geha as well. Don't forget new re watchable coming Monday. Prestige TV Sunday night, white Lotus Recap. And you can get all this as video podcast on Spotify, which is what you should do. I will see you on Sunday with illa. Have a great weekend.


Must be 21 plus in President select states for Kansas and affiliation with Kansas Star Casino or 18 plus in President dc. Gambling problem, call 100 GAMBLER or visit rg help.com. Call 1 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org/chat in Connecticut. Or visit md gambling help.org in Maryland. Hope is here. Visit gambling helpline ma.org or call 803 2 7 50 50 for twenty four seven support Massachusetts. Or call 1 8 7 7 8 Hope ny. Or text Hope and Y in New York.