
You're listening to The Bill Simmons Podcast presented by FanDuel FanDuel. Sportsbook is the best place to bet on the NBA A. We have these fun little Tuesday, Friday player performance stuff. We have same game parlays we have picks for me sometimes and boosts and all kinds of fun things. Get ready in the playoffs. Download the FanDuel Sportsbook app today to get in on the action. And by the way, The Ringer is committed to responsible gaming. Please visit The Ringer dot com slash rg to learn more. Listen to the end of this episode for additional details. Must be 21 plus President Select states game problem called one 800 GAMBLER. Or visit rg help.com.


Coming up first two days of the NBA playoffs. In the books we have a lot of subplots. We're gonna talk about all of them with Ryan Illa. Next.


This episode is brought to you by MICHELOB ULTRA. What do I look forward to every NBA playoffs season? Well, I'm always hoping the Celtics do well. I'm always hoping we have great storylines, great games, great matchups, great games sevens, I just hope for good basketball. But the NBA playoffs, they're even better with Michelob Bocher, the official beer partner of the BA plus. They're getting fans closer to the game with a chance to win courtside tickets and more. Enter now at michelob bocher.com/courtside. Michelob belcher's peer access Courtside 2024 to 25 sweepstakes, no purchase necessary. Open to US residents, 21 or older ends on July 1st, 2025, multiple entry periods. Visit mic low belcher.com/superior access slash courtside for free. Entry. Entry. Deadlines and official rules message and data rates may apply Void where prohibited.


We're also brought to you by The Ringer Podcast Network. I have a new re watchable coming for you on Monday night. We did Minority Report. It is our 17th Tom Cruise movie and I think it's our eighth Steven Spielberg movie. So Cruise is number one by four movies and Spielberg is in second place. So that is coming Monday and you can watch it on Ringer movies as well. I talked about Sinners a little bit with Van Lathan. That's a special video on The Ringer Movies YouTube channel, so you can Check that out as well. Don't forget episode eight of Celtic City. So we got two basketball games tomorrow night. Finish the second one, then plow right into Celtic City 'cause it's, it's a really good one. It's basically about the KG era in the two thousands and the 2008 title.


And all those guys are interviewed and all their interviews are really, really good. And I think it's a really, really, really entertaining watch. Celtic City HBO 9:00 PM and then it is on max as well. So there you go. Coming up, we're still and I are gonna rip through all of the NBA playoffs subplots from two Wild Days. We did this live on YouTube at nine.


Alright, 9:04 PM Illa and I are going live on YouTube for the BS podcast. Wec, good to see you. We just watched eight games in two days, including the Warriors Beating the Rockets in a rock fight. All right, so those eight games, ROSC, did any of them change what you thought specifically heading into a series? And we'll talk about Warrior is Rockets in a second, but out of those eight did anything flip your opinion? 'cause I'm ready to overreact. No, now that I think about it, I don't know that there's anything that happened this weekend. Yeah, nothing. Nothing. Oh for eight, I have one, I have a half one.


Is there, it seems like you have one. What is it? I Have a half one. I thought that Minnesota Laker game was a worst case scenario for the Lakers in a lot of different ways and I wanna tackle it in a second, but that was the only one. 'cause I thought Lakers in seven, I thought they'd have the history. But watching some of the matchups and some of the stuff Minnesota did and, and the fact that the Lakers didn't have a lot of options for a counter, it just kind of made me tilt my head a little bit. I still don't know what's gonna happen. I'm really interested in game two game. But we'll talk about that. Let's talk about Warriors Rockets. So we had into Warriors Rockets, my fear for the Warriors was they got 75 points in that Memphis game from Curry and Butler.


And if these games go into the one 10 to one 20 range, where are they getting all those points from? Right then The Rockets fears are, well what happens when we get to the playoffs and somebody turns defense up on them? How are they gonna score? Well that fear went out over the other fear because the Rockets couldn't score and it was, it was a karaoke greatest hits of all the terrible fourth quarters we've watched from the Rockets all year. It was really, really bad. What are the fixes? What'd you see today? They get down 23, right? And at at one point you're going, this team only has 41 points in an NBA game. Like what's what's going on here? But we knew that the offense was the more challenging part of it despite the great regular season and at least on paper the different options they have.


But Jalen Green's terrible tonight. Van Lee can't hit his shot. He hits that three. He had started one for 10. So at that moment it felt like kind of a big three. The question I would have for Yoka after this is you got back into this game being huge and Golden State doesn't have a big lineup. They can, they can run Loony out there for a little bit if they want to. Clearly they're not comfortable with that. Post is a stretch five and he's just gonna foul everybody how Post is just a stretch. It was a stretched out out there for 12 minutes. He was a stretch while you were out there. Anyway, go ahead. Draymond finished with a four, six and three stat line because he's tasked with playing Shung Goon and the way he was playing off of sh Goon.


Like it was the one thing that was actually working for Houston. 'cause I think sh Goon deserves a lot of credit for going, okay, if this is how you're gonna play me, like I'm, I'm gonna pull up like I've got a little bit more touch. But that stretch of like the first six minutes of the fourth quarter when Houston got back into this, they got back into it being huge. Stephen Adams was a beast. And even if, you know, golden State couldn't get a rebound to save their lies and when they would contest anything they were fouls and granted Houston to make their free throws. So I guess I would just wonder, did Eime do Golden State a favor by bringing in their best offensive player back into the game and getting away from the size that was just overwhelming Golden State. It wasn't pretty but Golden State couldn't do anything with it.


But then at five 19 Adams is out. Yeah, I mean I'd love to ask her like in a moment of honesty, were you thrilled when they took Adams out of the game? Right. It was 66, 47, 5 minutes left in the third and Shang Good made that just ridiculous shot cock beating three in the buzzer that never should have gone in, right? It's like, all right I'm Mark that one down. And then Adams kind of took over the game the rest of the third quarter and then into the fourth he was getting those offensive rebounds. Easton had a couple big defensive plays and it just felt like there was some sort of combination of guys that would be the right combination. And he was like watching somebody work a safe in a Behe movie. It's like ah, you get and he just kind of never unlocked it.


And I think if I'm leaving that game and I'm watching the tape, I'm really interested in the Double Bigs. I'm really interested in the Double Bigs with Jabari. I think I'd wanna see Easton Moore because I just thought he was just a major issue the whole time. Thompson is the one, Thompson just looked like a guy who had been Smo had smoke up blown up his ass all week that he should have been defensive player of the year and all of a sudden he's in a playoff game guarding Steph Curry and Butler and he just wasn't good. The Van V thing we've seen a bunch of times though we've seen him have those games and over and over again it seems like when everything stalls it's just him jacking up 24, 25 footers. And I don't know how to fix that because that was the worst of Jalen Green today.


When he's just like going to the basket as hard. He has like no gears. He's either fifth gear or first gear and he is just going to the basket flying in either trying to get fouled or whipping off the backboard. They don't have that one Sr. And that's why like it was so interesting to talk about them in February. I felt they were your way. So did you, but it's like, man, if they could just get one guy who could? I got you guys, let me get a couple baskets here with the much the way Butler was was doing it for the Warriors down the stretch and tonight and they're missing it and yet I don't think they're out of this series. I, this is not like an overreaction. Oh the Warriors have control because they only scored, you know, they scored less than a hundred points too. I just think this is gonna be a rock fight series and Houston has a lot of wild card guys so great win.


I think I still feel like This's gonna be a long series. I agree with you on that one. I mean there's gonna be a night where you know Steph isn't gonna be able to bail him out probably 'cause they put so much attention on him. Yeah, especially like if it's a close game in the deposition. Two, were staying with Steph. He had a turnover. He had another one where it should have been a turnover where he let himself get trapped at half court but they didn't have a challenge 'cause they were already challenged the Pasky Drive. Yeah, so there'll be, there'll be times where the stuff off of Steph is a bit of a letdown. Like Moses Moody hit that three tonight in the corner. It was probably the biggest three. Okay. Because it's like, all right, finally like it's always the third shot. It's an exhale three Third shot.


Yeah, it's, it's the third shot taker for this group because you know, clearly there's nights where Curry can do what he did tonight and there's nothing you can do and he's just gonna hit a bunch of ridiculous shots. That's not gonna happen. I, you know, I don't know that you can bank on that for four wins. Maybe you can in a seven game series. But I look at the pesky minutes and he looks confused. I I almost don't like the ball in his hands right now. And if he misses a few, this is a guy who has a ton of confidence to even get to this point. But I think you can see it happening on the court or it's like, oh he's hesitant now he's a little shot. And then if you end up with like a Gary Peyton second corner open look like Houston will gladly take that. And then there's Same from post. Don't forget to throw in post in this conversation.


Yeah, they're post with all wide open threes from him until he makes one. Right. They're gonna play off a dray on Aton and, and Draymond will have better offensive nights, but it's still like if he has another single digit night, it's not gonna that be that big of a deal. And but Butler even had like a stretch where I was like, where are you? Like where are you? And then he was able to, you know, 'cause even if he got Shung Goon or Adam's in a switch, he's not the kind of guy who's just gonna like fly past them. He wants to dribble to a spot and pull up and try to get away with a clean look like, you know, without much of a contest there. So yeah, I think there's gonna be nights where Golden State against this Houston defense is gonna look really lost. But I, I wonder internally if the Rocks, rockets coaching staff is going, did we let them off the hook a little bit by going with she Goon who was our best offensive player?


Because it wasn't like they did anything great on offense. They just had multiple possessions and Golden State was just overwhelmed. Like you would see all this traffic at the Rocket's hoop and you couldn't see the Blue Jerseys. 'cause they were so much smaller than the guys in Red. Yeah, it was like the scrappy, like the football team of like scrappy, smaller guys battling some ba massive offensive line. They were able to get away with some stuff tonight that I don't know if it's gonna work in LA later rounds for the record. Like Butler played 42 minutes tonight, right? Curry played 39 once you start going every other day. The way they were leaning those guys Curry also was really quiet and then all of a sudden got hot, which is usually a danger for the other team if he's slow first quarter.


And it, it reminded me of that, what was the best game he ever played? What was that 2019 when he was quiet in the first half and then just Oh yeah. Com completely annihilated Houston in the second half. It's my favorite Steph game of all time. Yeah. And It was, it was your number one. Number one, listen, if Houston, if Golden State can play those five guys together and get away with it, I I think they're delighted. If they could play Moody and Zeki with the three and, and they can rebound just enough and they can defend just enough, but then get what they want offensively and Moody can step up like he did with that three. That's where they wanna be. I don't know if that's gonna work for four rounds. And I I I'm gonna say it again.


And this is the most polarized warriors topic. I just find it hard to believe Minga can't play 12 minutes a game for this team. I find it hard to believe and I did think about, seems like they're completely out. I just find it hard to believe he wouldn't have been better than those 12 Quentin post minutes. Don't you have to defer Toker on this one though? I do mean he's had him a long Time. I I get it. That's that's why I I I tiptoe into it. I'm just hesitant. But I just like, man, because at least with Minga, he's, he's unafraid, he's athletic and he is gonna fight. And I like, there's just, I don't know, I there's that once Santos play when he just like lost the ball.


Like they just have dudes that are out there where you're like, man, what's this gonna look like if you're playing OKC in a series? You have these guys out there against that OKC team we saw today. So I think they could catch it together. Closed. They Closed the third quarter of four minutes. The last four minutes they didn't hit shot And they were bad shots. There was like shock clock violation, you know, it wa it was like bad, bad stuff. So look, they have to go 12 and nine to make the finals, now they have to go 11 and nine. Could it happen? Sure. But you know, it's, it this is, they, they still feel like there are guys short to me ssc, I can't shake it. Yeah. All The, there's, there's this collection of teams where you, you look at the Clippers numbers after a certain point and you go oh my God, like look at that and I know we're gonna talk about 'em and then yeah you know, I swear to God TNT and ESPN love to throw up the Jimmy Butler trade graphic like four times.


It's like a read, I don't know if it's sponsored or not, but they'll just say since the all allstar break like and it's, it is really interesting. But you always have to remember like we are not the normal audience so they're getting everybody up to date on like what the story has been. So you have this golden State thing that feels entirely different. The Clippers thing that feels different. I think Minnesota for whatever reason's been completely overlooked is we'll get to that game 'cause I can't wait to talk about that one. But yeah, I haven't really looked at Golden State even with that split post the Butler trade because of some of the limitations and because of their preference to be small and not have any big option. Like you're talking about 'em going hey you only have to win 11 more games to get to the final. I like, I don't even, I'm, I don't know. I'm surprised you're even like mapping it out that way.


Do you really think they have a chance to win the West? Did you think that Well I like the bracket they're in more, right? They play the winner of Lakers, Minnesota. And from what we saw last night in that game, you know two flawed teams, Minnesota looked great last night. The Lakers looked terrible. Both have some pluses and minuses but I think they're in the right side of the bracket. I mean then you think okc, maybe it doesn't matter the way OKC is just completely terrifying. I was thinking that Butler graphic you mentioned, maybe they maybe just, they feel like the casual ESPN fans can't understand how Jimmy Butler ended up on the Warriors. It just doesn't make sense when you're watching one of these games.


You're like, how did they get the, what'd they give up Wiggins what? Wiggins Schroder, Kyle Anderson and, and that was there more in there? No, there wasn't Houston going forward because we have three days between games, which means we have a Monday and Tuesday of what's Houston gonna do if they can't get this going and there'll be a trade machine team. I think they're young. The biggest question they had Took us 12 minutes to Get to Houston trade. Well say the big question is this VMV player option thing if you're talking trade machine stuff. But I, and I don't know if I'm just, it's because what we do for a living, but when I watch them I'm constantly thinking of what player I would add to make them a championship contender.


Because it's clearly not the team they have now, which I still think is a very good team. But there's, there's something that they need. And so when I watch it I'm like hmm, I wonder would Booker, would you just like pay 200 cents on the dollar for Booker and just give ish b the ultimate life raft or what would you do? But anyway that, that stuff's gonna go the next two days. Yeah, that'd be too early this series. I think there's gonna be a night where Houston looks so much better than Golden State Laugh man. Do you think Houston's we look great when we're up 12 team. You know how we have those teams? Yeah. I don't know who looks bad when they're up 20. Like who looks like they're having a bad time? The Celtics, Is there any team, The Celtics, it's always the most dangerous but they're up 22.


It's like, I dunno, call time out, keep these guys in check. Hey look, they're down 23 to this group with this offense and I, I cannot, I'll say it again. They didn't really even do anything that was that great on offense to get back into this. It wasn't like they got hot from three. It wasn't like oh okay this guy's cooking or they can't guard this guy. They offense Rebounds, they're hunting this dude. It's just, hey we were big. So that's something that they can go to that that's not shooting variants. That's something that they know and they watch this film, they go we might want to go to it earlier. You know, there's also something too when you're down 23, the effort that it takes you to come back and cut it to three points and then you start timing it out being like, can they sustain this for another five minutes?


Yeah. Like that'll happen a lot too. Is like, you're right there. You're right. You're just about, you Know, think think it would've four at one point It was three points. Was it a four point game? Yeah. Didn't, never felt like it but then all of a sudden it was close When you did all the draft work for the Jabari Smith draft, did you think he would be a better scorer than this? Well he had to develop more of a handle that was a major flag for him. And he had those guards from Auburn who didn't want to give him the ball a ton. But you looked at like the best version of him going, if you can get a bit of a handle and get to his spot, he's shooting his defensive instincts, the rebounding, all that.


By the way, I know he wasn't good tonight but he's been better the last few months. I think it's the most comfortable he's ever looked offensively. You know, I don't know that you're ever gonna be running like a side pick and roll for him and then if he gets cut off he's gonna reset with the dribble probe and then go like, I don't know if he's ever gonna be that guy. But like that was the biggest difference is Paolo, he could get wherever he wanted to as a draft prospect at that size. And what Jabari, he felt a bit like a true dribble guy. Even though I still really liked him a lot. I like him the most. The Rockets, the offense was brutal to watch but they, there was one time in the fourth quarter when they posted up Thompson on Curry.


Yeah. And he kind of, and he kind of whirled into the paint, had this little jump hook and I was like, hmm, that's something like instead of just having these guys facing the basket and flying toward the basket and bouncing off dudes wimping off the backboard maybe, you know, try to use their athleticism, try to put them in different parts of the thing. So we'll see, we'll see. We'll see what they do. Heading into, heading into game two game. I I, I think I still think it's gonna be a long series. That's where I sit,


Hey Illa, are you a forward thinker? Because if you are, you need an HR and finance platform that thinks like you do Workday. Good is the AI platform that helps propel your organization, your workforce and your entire industry into the future Workday movie business forever forward.


Which leads us to Minnesota and the Lakers, they make this town's trade right before the season. They get the Vincenzo and they get Randall and it's controversial and the trade was on full display yesterday and I thought towns was excellent in that Pistons game. But Minnesota looked really good against the Lakers. And I think the thing that I saw last night, rewatching that game, 'cause I was, I was at WrestleMania last night but I was able to power through it this morning. Should we think of that? Oh I have some CINA stuff for you at the end. Cool. Can't wait. Minnesota's just, just, I know you, I'll give you a heads up.


Minnesota's just really comfortable wherever they're playing. I think that's my favorite thing about them. They're just, they're just really comfortable. They don't care if they're in la they don't care if they're playing against LeBron and Luca. They're an irrational confidence team personified. And you saw it last night and granted they shot the lights out, but I saw a team that walked in there and thought we have the best team in this series and we're winning this series. And they carried themselves that way. Now the Lakers, I don't know what happened to them the entire game. I don't know where the ball movement, they had 15 assists. There was some a stagnant offense and on defense I just thought that looked slow. It'll be different in Tuesday. But I really liked what I saw from Minnesota and that was a series that it didn't foot me because I had Lakers in seven.


But it did make me go, fuck I, I think I, I don't feel great about Lakers in seven. So what was your takeaway? I went last minute and it was, Look at you. Yeah. You're like At Diane Cannon. You're there, you're there every game. I'm hoping to get my upgrade material this off season. We'll see what they offer. But I, I picked Minnesota and I, I'm, look, I'm not taking credit for it as if I, I saw all these things. It just felt a bit like a zag because there's, if you just, if if like this overwhelming vibe decision by the general NBA public right where it was. Okay the Lakers another run with LeBron. The Lucas stuff. Yeah. You know that peak that they had, which we've talked about, I brought it up in my playoff preview on Thursday.


Yeah. Where it's like if you go on the season defensive numbers for the Lakers, it's 17th and sometimes like the season's so long that that's a completely irrelevant number for a lot of different teams. And then they have that 18 and three stretch where we were talking, right? Yeah. With that awesome Denver win at Denver mixed in in there and you're going, wait, they're the number one team on defense now for, for 21 games. That's weird. Like right. 'cause when the Luca trade was made, it was almost a thought of well they're gonna have to figure this out defensively. Those three guys in the perimeter depending on what you get from LeBron and then you know, Reeves just gets hunted because of, of a size thing. Probably more so than anything else. 'cause I think they at least fights for position and that kind of stuff. So like we just didn't think they were gonna be good defensively and then they're off the charts defensively.


And then after that stretch when I ran the numbers again it was like hey they're back to like 17th. So I think the truth was is that was a bit of an anomaly. Even if it looked like they were doing a great job prepping guys based on the opposition. So you look at Minnesota on the other side of like these closing groups, they closed since March 2nd, 17 and four. They had the fourth best net of any team in the NBA. Okay. They're also the healthiest they've ever been. Do I love Randall as a number two for multiple playoff rounds? No I do not. But what he's played great. I mean he's played great at least for them in this whole thing. So when you're thinking about this matchup, like is Rudy gonna get exposed? Is is something where Minnesota will want to go small?


Is that actually doing the Lakers a favor? Because the Lakers do not wanna play Jackson Hazen. I don't blame them for not wanting to play him, but they have no other move. They go with Rui at center and in the beginning of the game it was like, hey, he's hitting those threes that we talked about last week and then that cooled off. Then they have this other small group where they'll go Finney Smith and Vanderbilt and then figure out what the rest of the perimeter guys and J's talked about. Like hey, we're not small, we're big perimeter players but we just don't have a traditional center. Well in this game they were small. So the alarming part of it, when you think of it as a matchup is what's the adjustment the Lakers are gonna grow. But then if I'm on the Laker side of this, I'm going 48 points from Nas Reed and Jaden McDaniels.


48 points from those two guys. Like that's not happening again. 21 for 42 from three. It's pretty hard not to win any playoff game when you go 21 from 42. I, I struggled with it because I thought Gobert offensively could be a problem for the Lakers setting into the series 'cause of the lob stuff. 'cause they don't have room protection and that's like the one thing go bear's good at. And I was trying to figure out how much Jackson, If they pass to him, right, They give, but he's still around the rim with his arms up and if you're not playing a center at some point, so Hayes Hayes was minus 11 and eight minutes, they couldn't keep him on the floor. Right. So you have that, you have they, They haven't been playing him at all by the way. Like this is pretty consistent. This Is like all right, we just had to find out, Minnesota did some interesting stuff with where they put Connolly.


Were you following that? Where they, they put him on Rui for a little bit so that they, he wouldn't be on Reeves and then the Lakers kind of figured that out and then they started moving around the second half he was on Reeves again. And it seems like they were so aware that the Lakers were gonna attack as a strategy that they just wanted to kind of move them around like a yo-yo, which I thought was was smart. I don't really know what the move is for the Lakers. If that, if that one lineup they have, which got killed last night with the, with the Rui LeBron Luca with Reeves and pick a swing if that lineup's just gonna get torched by Minnesota. I don't know what the next move is because the next move is basically playing LeBron at center and going super small with wings and shooting.


And I just think Minnesota would be delighted if they did that. But the, the big takeaway for me last night is when McDaniels plays like that, Minnesota looks awesome and he's their wild, every team has a wild car guy, right? When He's Good when McDaniels is awesome, Minnesota looks like the scariest team in the west other than okc. And he was awesome last night. I went through the three point attempts because it just was, he got, he was just outta control places quiet. People are just laughing being like when are these guys gonna start missing? And I have it at 43 pointed attempts. It's 42 for the game. I'm not counting the last two garbage ones. But of the 40 attempts that I would say like were in the time that we were still wondering whatever, this isn't totally relevant but I counted as 40 attempts, 27 are absolutely wide open.


Like not debatable. 27 40. Which was the fear with this Luca LeBron combo that it would just be open three frenzy. I'd say seven more were open and then I'm gonna give them, and I was being nice, I gave 'em six contestants. 'cause some people will go through and sort all these different things and you know, well there was one place that was trying to say there was like zero. And I was like that's not true. There's a few contestants but 27 of the 40 are like, nobody's even close. And there's a few things. One is they're packing it 'cause they're worried about ant hunting Luca. And so that, that means help. Yeah, I think there's even a chance that Randall, even though he probably got a little emotional about it some point, like if he gets LeBron, it seems like he wants to get real physical with him. And that's one of the few guys that, you know, with the ball in his hands, it, it's probably a really good showdown physically, which is not something we'd say about LeBron a lot.


So you've packed it in and you're leaving these corner threes that are there and Nas hit a ton. Jayden hit a ton. But then there's just other stuff where, you know, LeBron has to be better. You know, if it was a second action where he was heading in one direction and then it's like no the ball's going over there. He just didn't, wasn't quick enough to go over and contest it. And then Luca like, if you run something to one side and then the guy Luca is assigned to away from the ball comes up, Luca just doesn't even pay attention to him off the ball. He, he, he lost, you know, numerous guys on those attempts. So you could think GAJ could just go through it and be like, hey dickheads, like what do you do you guys, are you ready now?


Are you ready to play? Because it was so overwhelming and it looked so bad for the Lakers. You're going, okay, so if they're only small, like why is this going to actually get better? But I'm not gonna fall for, I'm not gonna fall for like a game. One thing here saying that LA can't get back that that would just seem irresponsible. 'cause we've seen so many game ones look, yeah like just be so misleading. But the size thing was alarming last night and I think you're probably a little, it was probably a bit of a reminder to be like, wait, are they good and are they too big? So Nico's still in this thing you're saying Side note, do you think when Anthony Davis was going off against Sacramento, Nico had like an inner dialogue where he is like, I'm gonna be right about this.


Yeah, I'm still, he, he definitely, there's one person in his life that he is still like, just hold on, I'm still not out of this. It's still gonna happen. Can I read you the most critical thing I read about the Lakers last night, please coach JJ Reddick did a great job all season, but he didn't do a good job for game one. The Lakers stood around on offense, played too much one-on-one basketball and he didn't make any necessary adjustments. A tweet from Magic Johnson. That's when you know things are bad. Like that's, that's as critical as I think he's ever been on Twitter. He was not happy. What did you see at the game? What was the vibe?


Give it, give us the, give us the feel in the arena because they're all excited for this game game one Luca playoffs, little kids wearing the Luca jerseys and then the T Wolfs hit threes for an hour straight. It was, you know, 'cause it's game one and I think that that fan base has an arrogance that's deserved. Like yeah they have a right to be arrogant. I think the more alarming thing, you know, as a, as a Lakers guy, when the place was going nuts for Steph in the regular season, it was the Steph MVP chance. Like big time. It was loud. I was like, boy you don't expect that Now. You know, I don't, afterwards it wasn't like anybody, 'cause I was milling around a little bit afterwards, it was just kind of a shrug in a well that was alarming, you know?


But I still think like the same thing if you were in Boston, if Boston got smoked, granted if they're getting smoked by Orlando, that's worse than getting smoked by Minnesota. But it's just all right. You know, they'll figure it out. They'll come out. Let me ask you something though. Yeah. 'cause this was a thought that crap that crept into my head a little too much. Luca trying to figure it out on a zone on offense. It does feel like it's month four of, of let's really give him a lot of latitude here. Especially in the first quarter. Like a sublet that extends his lease. Like this is how I really am. Like those Apple news stories you read where somebody won't someone, somebody won't leave somebody's cottage and they've been there two years.


Yeah, I, I was, I was wondering in the two days between games, if we might get some sort of something from the LeBron camp. LeBron really wants Luca to get more involved or some sort of something. It's a lot of time here. 72 hours. So who knows. I'm on pins and needles waiting to find out. I will tell you this Though, just to to add though, if, if you were a Luca detractor right, you would go, okay, well he just runs his pick and roll until he gets the matchup that he wants and it's a lot of staring around. Yeah. And the design of some of those Dallas teams or for that specific reason. Right. But when he was with the other really good player, it didn't really work out.


But Kyrie needed a place and it worked out for Kyrie. Even though I felt like during that playoff run last year, the ups were celebrated and the downs were never criticized because that's usually what happens in the number two anyway. Yeah. But there were some moments throughout that run to the finals where you were like, you need more outta Kyrie here. And it's, it's just not really that much of a topic. I felt like there were times watching where like Rudy didn't played 24 minutes and I was like, all right, now I'm gonna try to kill Rudy Gobert. And it's like, all right. But like Austin Reeves is pretty good. LeBron's got a pretty decent resume. I, I think that there's probably something to be said if you don't, if you don't get the, the switch that you want, immediately swing it.


And I'm not like knocking, it's Just not how he plays. The efficiency has seven, he's seven years of habits. He's like a child actor who just learned on the set how to behave. It's what it's, It crept into my head just a thought. I'm not, you know, we're also talking about one of the most efficient offensive players of all time. But you know, there's also something to be said of like, everybody needs to touch the ball. I think they need to get going downhill too when Rudy's out, right? Like they need, if they're gonna have Randall and Nas hanging around the rim right then you should just be like, I don't even care if you make it. I'm going, I'm just going, I'm trying to finish over and over again. I see. I like to see 'em be more aggressive during those non Rudy minutes. It's, well we talk about the wild car guides, McDaniels from Minnesota, no question.


And I guess Nas too, but Nas is pretty consistent. But You're so right when when Jayden's like when Dan's good they're, it's you're Like, did they win 70 games? Yeah. Yeah. They look just amazing. And Reeves is kind of the guy for LA in a lot of ways. 'cause when he's awesome all of a sudden they seem like impossible to stop. But Minnesota, and this was, I, I had such a tough time with this series and finally ended up, I think I took Lakers in seven but I really thought it was gonna be seven game series where you had these two teams. Teams. The strengths and weaknesses are basically the same for the most part except for the center spot. Like Minnesota's weak spot is point guard. I don't know how much, how many minutes can Conley can play but Conley's the guy, every team targets and he's the guy but it Doesn't matter because he Doesn't really matter for them.


Right? Because Ants playing point guard basically. And then they can go bigger and really not have a point guard. But then you can pressure 'em like there's, there's ways you can do it and the Lakers are somewhere and Rui is basically their NAS Reed. But Nas Reed's a better player. But they have this go bear piece that the Lakers just don't have. They have this extra, extra wrinkle they can bring in depending on the game game. And the Lakers are kind of stuck with this roster. And it goes back to the the Mark Williams trade. Can I give you a compliment? Yeah. You said years ago we were talking about Carmelo in the playoffs. Yeah. And you basically said like look, even though he isn't, he takes the floor of LeBron and Wade and these guys and Hess and feels like He belongs yeahs.


Right. Right. I'd say an's a better player in comparison to like what an's contemporaries are right now than maybe even like the gap between Prime like LeBron and Carmelo is wider. Yeah. Than I think the gap between Luca and Ant say right now. Yeah. Okay. From oh nine to 13, LeBron was here and Carmela was right there. But Carmela didn't take the floor going oh my god that guy's so much better than me. Right? No. And Ant has never taken the floor thinking any of these guys are better than him. That has to be an incredible feeling now like another year in with this group, with this team having a playoff run where it's like even if things are going really bad, at least we know we can get it back to a guy that you can't really do anything with.


Anne seeing Ant in person by the way, I would put 'em on the very short list of people that are worth to see in person. It is just another level of of like impressive. Not just 'cause he can jump and do all these, there's just movement shit with him with the ball where you're like, what did he just do? And then you know, you're not even watching. Yeah. You're just waiting for the replay because you can't believe what you just saw. So I think that is, I just thought it was a really valuable thing that you had said about that It's valuable to a team and I think Ant it's not the same thing 'cause I like Ant more than I like probably Carmelo. But it's important. Yeah. He's certainly a better two-way player. They have a bunch of guys like that.


They're not irrational confidence because it's kind of rational and confident. But they have Nas Reed, I think Dante's like that definitely Randall can have moments where he is like, if I could just get the ball more, I'd be a 35 point game guy. And I don't think it's a team that really cares if they're on the road or not Here. Here's what's interesting. So in the Clipper series, the Clippers were minus one 18 favorites on FanDuel. When that series started, they lost game one and now they're plus one 18. So it swung a little but not that much. Minnesota was a pretty big underdog heading into the re series. They were like, I think it was like plus one 60 something like that.


They're now minus 1 53 favorites off of one game that swung big. So I, I think there were some matchup stuff there that the Sharps probably looked at and said this is gonna be long haul. Now what they're forgetting is that literally everybody at Minnesota is gonna foul out a game two. I'm just preparing America now. It could be a 60 foul game for them. Well LA didn't get called for any Foul in game one is 'cause they weren't near anybody. Well true. Anyway, that's, that's our segment on Lakers Timberwolves. And you can learn more@workday.com.


Well the NFL playoffs are here. You knew this already. There's no better way to be in the action than with FanDuel America's number one sports book. So many fun things to do. We got Profit Boosts Future Bets. You can dive in, make your bet, activate your boost. Go for even bigger winnings Monday I think we have Nick's Pistons and then we have Clippers Nuggets game two. I still like all the Clippers series bets, the future bets. I think they're plus one 18 for the series. I like them to win outright in game two. So I would recommend that. But don't be a spectator. This postseason head to FanDuel dot com slash bs to download America's number one Sportsbook and make every moment more you Must be 21 plus in President Select states are 18 plus in President dc. Opted and required bonus issued as Noble Profit Boost tokens restrictions apply including any token expiration and max wager amount. See terms@sportsbook.fan.com Game Pro call 100 gam visit RG help com.


This episode is brought to you by MICHELOB ULTRA Spring is here my favorite time of the year. That means the NBA playoffs are here too. What am I the most excited about? I'm excited to see if the Celtics can defend their title. I'm excited to see if Steph Curry and Yoic can keep going and going and going round after round. I'm excited for the potential of an LA versus LA playoffs series. It's never happened. Clippers, Lakers, never in my lifetime is OKC For real Is Cleveland for real? Is SGA gonna prove that he is the best scoring guard in the postseason? Basically since Michael Jordan. Since Kobe Bryant. Is he on that level? We're all gonna find out. There's plenty to look forward to on and off the court. Like MICHELOB ULTRA Courtside, that's another thing. It's getting fans closer to the game with unique prizes. Plus they're giving you the chance to win tickets to the NBA finals. You heard me, the NBA finals, which I hope are in Boston. Just head to michelob belcher.com/nbas. Michelob belcher courtside NBA finals sweepstakes no purchase necessary open US residents excluding Maryland residents 21 and up begins 9:00 AM ET on February 16th, 2025 ends on May 5th, 2025. See official rules@megaglobalultra.com slash rules for price and details. Message and data rate may apply. Void we're prohibited.


Clippers Nuggets Game of the weekend has to be right. Yeah, that was the best game we saw. It was an awesome, awesome game. The Clippers curse is undefeated. I'm happy to talk about that later when I do that. Now here's my first question for you. If you're a Denver fan, are you more or less scared after that game? Do you feel better or worse? You won the game. Do you feel better or worse? I Feel better. Well I feel better 'cause I'm up a game. So if we're just going with that, but if just what you watched and how it went down, I don't feel better. You, I think I feel worse. Alright, so answer your own question.


I can't believe because you, because you're right on this so stay on it. No, I was curious on your take. I, if I'm a Denver fan, I can't believe I won that game and I'm already fucking nervous as hell for the series. And I think that's why the line didn't really budge because you had Porter who was a Section eight who basically got benched for Russell Westbrook who was a big piece in the Coach GM drama where both guys ended up getting fired and who was just a complete rollercoaster ride. Possession of possession and was a better option than Michael Porter who makes $40 million a year. He's out there. And then you have Murray who was seven for 20 and it felt worse and the quips just have a bunch of fucking dudes to throw at him.


Whatcha looking up? No, no I just, up to me, I'm listening to everything you're saying. Okay. A bunch of dudes that you can throw at him. I think he even swore in there. Yeah. And I don't know what I'm getting outta Porter going forward. I don't know if I'm getting 50% shooting from Jamal Murray in any game with the way the Clippers are defending him. And I don't know if I'm ever getting a worse, worse possession performance than the Clippers in big spots where they just look. It's gonna sound like I'm making excuses 'cause I picked them to win the series. They just fucked the game up. That was a, we fucked the game up. You leave that game and you're like, I can't believe we lost that game. And you're going through, there's 12 plays you're looking at like, what are we doing here?


We can't inbound the ball over here. We can't get a better shot here. We're sending Yoic a double team late here and leaving this guy 10 feet open. Like what are we doing? And I guarantee their coaches and we, we both think they have one of the five best coaching staffs. I guarantee their coaches were fucking knocking tables over today going, what the fuck were we doing in this? So the question for me is bad game or is this just like, this is what this Clipper's experience is gonna be like between the fact that James Harden and is VA involved. You have guys like Chris Dun wide open, open for a reason as Jalen Rose would say. And you also have Yoko who's the best player in the series. But I still feel like the Clippers are gonna win the series and I don't think it's crazy.


We agree. I thought the Clippers with 20 turnovers, so many of them were just 20 turnovers. Were solo Bad turnovers. Like you getting ready to inbound the ball, you can't inbound the ball. You know, it's probably more on the past than it is on hardened positioning himself. And Westbrook's Energy was just off the charts. 'cause I want to get to his timeline of events here. Mm. But 20 turnovers, they took way more free throws. I think OIC was as good as he was overall. 'cause we all expect that from him. He was atrocious on defense in the first half. Yeah. So I don't know if that's like a halftime wake up call and that he's just gonna play at a better level. But when he got caught in any kind of like on ball thing in the first half, it was a joke.


There's a baseline drive on him where he was terrible. And then with zoo, no matter what and you can sort the numbers and say Z Botch based on minimum number of possessions against Yoic. Like you can make an argument that he's better against Yoic than anybody else. The very least that you're getting out of it. 'cause you're never stopping Yoic is that there's about four or five shots I think from game one. We're like, that's a tough shot. Like he got even yoic to have to take that shot. Tough agree. So like I, I feel really good about that. I'm mad about the turnovers. I don't think it was just because of trapping. You know, every now and then if there's a double team on the guy with a ball, like a cut would be nice from some of the other big name guys. But you know, harden was really good. He hit those two floaters, he headed the huge three.


So there's not really like a thing you can point to there with Harden. I I think it's, this is whatever we wanna do with this Westbrook topic. The fact that he took 17 shots in a playoff game. If I'm the Clippers, I'm like, good if he takes that many shots. The rest of this series including the biggest Shot of the game, we're winning this thing. Yeah sec. I'd say second the, the Brown three was the biggest shot of the game. Hold that thought. So Harden was 32, 6 and 11 and played 42 minutes. Kawai played 41 minutes at some point they were like, we gotta get this game. We can take this the way Porter is playing. It's overtime too, so, well Yeah, but I mean with the way Porter is playing, I think they were like, we can steal this, we can steal this.


And it felt like they were gonna win it. The the norm, Powell, who I don't think has been the same guy since he came back from his injury and I don't know if the stats completely back it up, but I think they do. The thing that was, He had a good march. He he was, he was slow I Think little up and down, right? Yeah. I mean he was, but I mean he was playing less minutes too. I looked up the five man numbers for all the, I didn't, I did it before the Golden State game for just game one. And you can see that. And these lineups play like 10 minutes, 12 minutes, 11 minutes. The Clippers played that one lineup 26 minutes with done 26 of the 53 and they were like minus nine with that lineup.


And I wonder going forward, do we see a little less done and a little more Derek Jones or maybe a little more Beto, do they go a little bit bigger, just play hard And as a point guard? I think my point is they have moves to make, whereas Denver has no moves. If Porter's gonna suck, then it's, it you, it's just Westbrook. What, what, who else is playing nobody else in your roster who can play in crunch time of, of a playoff game. So they're gonna be at, at, you know, at the whim of this Russell Westbrook roller coaster. So take the floor 'cause I know you have a timeline you wanna do. I mean we can keep going. LA's bench got outscored by the Denver bench 23 to 13. It was terrible.


That's weird. I mean you wanna start looking at how dumb plus minus can be. I think sometimes it's telling, sometimes it's totally misleading. Zoo was minus eight and 39 minutes. Simmons who doesn't want the ball in his fucking hands was plus five on the game. So they're so desperate they have to play Simmons in those non zuo center minutes. And even if you think okay, at least he provides some kind of body that can move around a little bit. He doesn't, once he has the ball, like all he is doing is trying to figure out how he can get rid of it and then he'll try to do like a pass that looks kind of cool or whatever. So I like When he gets a rebound and he takes off with the ball. Like it's gonna be a fast break, magic Johnson style. But then he sees the half court logo and he is like, 3, 2, 1. I have to get rid of this ball.


I can't dribble with it 35 feet of the basket. I can't believe he's playing. The one thing I liked with him was I thought he was physical with Yoic. Like I, I, I guess that's, if he can at least do that, he's probably playable in this series, but offensively he is a zero Playing. I can't believe He's, it's a legitimate zero. I cannot believe he's playing real minutes right now. But it really speaks like they just don't wanna go with true Eubank over it. And I guess if you're, if you're being as nice as you possibly could is that once you give him the outlet he can, he can cross half court with the ball. Right? He Looks good. He heads up. You're so right though. When he takes off you're like, oh my sh like this was gonna be on the VHS Well remember him.


Unbelievable. Remember pre covid Ben means he would take those rebounds and he honestly looked like left-handed magics LeBron sometimes he really did. I dunno what happened. So we're, we don't, like, there's just a lot from this game where the first half is playing out the way I thought it would play out. I thought Yoic is even worse defensively than, you know, whatever standards you have from him, he's into every action. They're hunting him constantly. And a lot of times I think he doesn't get enough credit for how, you know, he's at least smart enough to know what position you're supposed to be in. Which I think is more than half a defense. But at the rim, it's not like there's gonna be a ton of contests or people are going to do U-turns, you know, like against the really good defensive guys. Or you can see it is like, I don't really want to go in there.


Well It's a good one for Harden too. 'cause that floater he has, he just knows he's getting it against the Yeah, against the nuggets. Nobody's blocking it. But I, I still was, was okay with the Clippers after this whole thing because Me too, like let's, let's go with that Westbrook timeline here. He hits the three, I'm here, He hits the three. By the way, Denver's offensive rebounding. The fourth quarter also won. They had seven offensive rebounds just in the fourth. So Westbrook takes down a huge offensive rebound when they're down 96, 95, he hits the huge three. But then at the end of regulation, he gets it back again.


Has a chance to take a three and then decides to jump in the air and throw it off another defender as the clock expires. Sure. Like, okay, what's going on here? I Actually felt like that got swept under the rug as one of the worst. Of course it did End the game plays in the history of basketball. Yeah. Just even leading up, I mean he was put in a bad spot. There's three seconds left, but everything about it was a, a botch. Here's the other thing that'll be forgotten forever and I'm gonna forget it too, but up 1 0 8, 1 0 7 when they were trying to trap Murray swings it to Westbrook to run clock and then Westbrook was 16 game. Oh, For the Layup? Yeah. Yeah. 16 seconds left on the game clock 13 left on the shot clock. He actually drives and they said it was a pass to Aaron Gordon.


I think Aaron Gordon just ended up with the ball and it was almost a disastrous turnover when you factor in when all this Denver stuff started going south The 60 10 game and everybody's Getting pissed. Yeah, right, right. Time. Did you hear Bob Myers' reaction to that? The, the place settled? I think they ended up getting free throws out of it somehow. And Bob my, there's like a pause and Bob Myers is like, wow, I'm not sure Westbrook should have taken the back. Like he was just like, I'm really not sure that should have happened. You kind of have to pull up there and maybe not do that. National broadcast default. Nice Sitting with that. I mean there's another thing here that I wrote down, like Yoic misses those two huge, like when do you expect Yoic in that spot to miss two free throws?


So, right. Look, again, Ramona Shelburn had a really good note on espn.com on our piece today where if you look at the spacing that LA gave Westbrook in this game, it averaged out to 9.6 feet on his three point attempts, which is the most space he's ever had in a playoff game since they started tracking this stuff 11 years ago. Minimum five attempts nine and a Half, five. So nine feet is almost, nine feet is, that's Three like two thirds of the free throw line. That's like second and six. You get four yards, three yards. Maybe they spot either second and seven or second and six depending on how they spot it. I, I really wanna talk about the Westbrook spacing because first of all that this was another thing we didn't properly kill the Clippers on whatever the fuck these staggered double teams they were sending at Yoic.


It just felt like over and over again it was the wrong timing of it and he just had it figured out in the second half. In ot, it's, they're gonna do this, I'm gonna just hit the SOPA guy. But that shot Westbrook hit the three. I don't think I've ever seen anyone left more open at any level of basketball in any game I've ever watched in my life, including like girls high school basketball. In the eighth grade he was open, Chris Dunn just Yoic got the ball and Chris Dunn was closest to Westbrook but he was probably six feet away and he just said, fuck it. And he went to the top of the key to double Yoic and Westbrook had, when I say nobody around him, if you just did a screenshot it would look like he was by himself before the game.


Like taking threes and somebody, why Is there a fan on the court? Yeah. Like he had time to line up. So then he made it and he's like, that's what I do. That's what I do. And he's doing that whole thing. It's like, dude, nobody's ever been left more open than you just were ever in a playoff game ever. It was amazing. I love that play because I wonder how many people would throw it to him in that spot. Now the uncontested three shooting numbers for Westbrook this year are actually pretty good. Well for the, I'm wondering by, by the way, for the whole Nuggets team, 'cause if you look at their three point shooting, it's kind of better than you think it would be. But the reason it's better than even think it would be 'cause a lot of these threes are just wide open 'cause all the shots yo creates for everybody.


So you're shooting 39%, but most of those shots are like wide open shots. I just would wonder if you could ever get a couple beers and Yoko cheer from now and be like, did you have just a moment of hesitation of going this is the right read, it's the right basketball play. Interesting, but do I really want him taking this one? And I think that this is why you can't ever question this guy's motivations is because I think he just wants to play the game the perfect way and that he would make that pass again if Westbrook mystic, even if so that that's my answer. And I think there's a lot of guys that don't pass it to him. I think he is just conditioned to do, he's, he's the Terminator walking into the bar making the calculations with all the math and just makes the decision.


I think every decision is just whatever the best basketball play is, that's what he does. So even if it's Russell Westbrook alone by 12 feet in the corner down to the biggest play of the game, I just think he's throwing it to him. That's like, that's a wide open guy. I am conditioned to throw it to that guy. And that's it. You're right. I think it could have been, it could have been Sir Rudy in the corner. Like he doesn't care. Whoever that guy has a jersey on, I'm wearing the same jersey. He's open, I throw him the ball. That's what I do. A criticism of Yoic, if you wouldn't mind. Sure. It's a great, I hear this a lot. It's a great time. It's, it's been, it's been been a lot of yoic love lately.


Especially on this podcast. Go ahead. So the Inbounding the ball thing that he does, all right, Denver fans, it's gonna be okay, we'll get through this together. But this came up when it was the ish bia thing. Remember when ish Bia had the ball and like Yoic went to grab it from him and Ish B was just like, whatever. I caught a ton of shit. 'cause I was like, I could totally see just ish Bia thinking like what are you doing? Even though if it were just a normal fan, Yeah You're gotta give the ball back. But he's throwing out the argument is, well Yoic loves to check it with the ref so he can inbound the ball ahead of a defense getting things sorted out.


All right. Because there's numerous times throughout a game where you can see that he's doing it, he's quick to get in a position to inbound, then get the ball back and he is trying to catch the defense off guard. It's smart, right? He should, he should keep doing. However, there are times where it doesn't matter how quickly Yoic wants to inbound the ball, the rest have to sort some shit out. Alright. And on that play where he and Van Gundy are battling for the basketball, there's no version of events where Yoic rips it from Van Gundy and then checks it and the ref just gives it back to him. Automatically advantage Denver. Like there seems to be these people that think that Yoic just gets to do whatever he wants on the inbounding where Yeah, like what, what would happen?


Like the ref's like ah shit, he inbounded it guys like I know we have a review and I know we have all these different, but you know, you know he wanted to get it in so I just let him. So there seems to be this misunderstanding of of like who's in charge. 'cause there's plenty of times where it makes sense when the ref doesn't have anything that he has to sort out. There's nothing that they're worried about. There are other times where it's very clear and it's not as many times it's clear that the refs have to like figure a couple things out before he gets to just start the game because he wants to start the game. I don't mind him doing it. I mind people defending the idea that he's supposed to be able to do it every single time. You know who used to do it once upon a time?


Cedric Maxwell Ray, 50 minutes, Larry Joe Bird was a, he would get furious at the ref if they didn't throw him the ball in time. Same. I think he saw it same way as Yoic. Like it's almost like soccer where the guy puts the free kick down really fast to try to try to get the advantage Just right, but Like Wild that way. But on the spi, the ish bia play specifically, there was other stuff they had to get through and figure out. Yeah they, they weren't just gonna go, well we had some questions about what happened but you let's, but Now you the ball so Let's go. You got the ball in Tim. You know. So Ish Bia, it's the most positive isia reference in a while. The idea that he's on pace to be the worst owner in NBA history.


Thank You. I I was gonna do this later but let's do it now. Look, we both like Stephen a I'm so tired of the historical hyperbole. He's got my vote. There's been so many worst owners over the course of 80 years than Matt ish just trading a couple too many things for Kevin Durant and throwing some swaps that are Bradley be trade like Sarver Used to just sell picks George Shin. They had to move the team to get him out of town because the town revolted against him owning a basketball team, Ted Stepian. They had to create a rule so that you couldn't trade draft pricks and consider 'cause he demolished the Cavaliers for the entire 1980s and basically helped the Magic Johnson 1980s Lakers dynasty with stupid trades.


Like I could go through a million of these. He's not in the top 20 yet. Was Dan Snyder that long ago? Well he was saying NBA, right? Oh Was it just NBA? Oh But even if it's NBA but even if it's just a, I can come up with 20 I We haven't mentioned Donald four Hours. Yeah we've had but we've had a million of these. FYA James Dolan wasn't exactly crushing it for 20 years there for the Knicks. Right. HB is, I don't know, not to defend him, but Jesus had Alex. Well that's not, That's that's not defending them. That's just No, it's like it's ridiculous. Like yeah this whole thing where everything has to be the greatest. The best the world. Like real maybe it's, maybe it's an niche B pod. Let's pivot, let's get in front of that.


Did that game make you feel better about voting for Yoic for MVP? 'cause it did for me. Did the OKC Memphis game make people feel worse voting for SGA? That seems totally unfair. So I retract that. Yours. Well Listen, No look I was totally comfortable. Don't, I was totally don't Hundred percent retract it because that game was a fucking two hour display of how awesome OKC is. Like that team's awesome. That was part of the case. If you were kind of nudging a little toward Yogi and a little away from sj, it's like O OKC is awesome and OKC was, I mean they, they beat Memphis to the point that I almost wonder if like if you win game one by 60 points, should the series just end?


Like what would be the right number? Where it's like look, if you lose by 60, we're not playing the other games. It's done a wrap. Well I love It's a wrap. I love the idea of this but they're never giving up the television. No, I know they're not. But like what, what would be a number that would be like if you can't stay within 60 points of somebody in a game? One you can't play the rest of the games. Yeah, if You get it to 60, does that mean you're up to Oh we'll see you game three. It's a double win. Yeah, I think if you get up 60 in an NBA playoff game, there should be some like it shouldn't just be one oh on the graphic next time Memphis plays basketball. Alright, so let's, before we do any of that though, 'cause I don't know, we're gonna spend a ton of time on that. I Have a Clipper's thing. I don't wanna leave Clipper's nuggets yet. I'm not done with it yet either buddy. Great Go.


But the Yoku MVP Yes. I voted for him for MVP. Anybody listening to this podcast knew that I was gonna do it. I felt totally fine about it. I don't want to sit here and argue against SGA 'cause he was awesome and Sha was awesome. He did an incredible candidacy. But You got there too, huh? I did. I did it. You I, you could tell it was coming like two, three weeks ago. The 60 10 10 game was probably the final thing for me. But I just, you know, I talked about it on my Thursday pod At some point, if somebody's having the best, if offensive season you've seen since Michael Jordan, you gotta have to reconsider some of the, some of the standards you have for the award.


I have a Clipper perspective, but I think my point, my point about you asking about I wasn't on the fence and then like the third quarter I went, okay, I got it. I got it right. Like thank God Clippers, I have some Clipper fans in my life. It's an underrated, oh my god, it's happening to us again team. 'cause we always think of like the typical, the big teams like the Buffalo Bills, like these teams in the playoffs where if something goes wrong, you you start thinking about the history and the Clippers are such sad sack, you kind of forget how bad the history is and that loss was a bad loss. And yet I still think the Clipper fans are are just feel like we can beat this team. We have a really good team.


Kauai being healthy and playing that many minutes and playing that many minutes just in general. It's one of those things you don't wanna talk to in a no-hitter. But he looks really good. Like for that's great. Where whatever we thought he was gonna be at this stage of his career to age 33 after all the time he is kind of missed and come and gone. Like this is, think like that. I think Harden, I think his legs look really good for an older team. They look pretty good. I I still think they're the second best team in the, in the west. Maybe Minnesota can steal that ceiling title from them, but I I still think they're gonna win the series. We have to if we, if we're not done. Are you done with this series? 'cause we haven't talked about Michael Porter Jr.


We have to do a minute on that. Go Benched at the, where do I have it here? Eight 14 mark of the fourth quarter during my note taking exercise to try to remember stuff of all these games. Yeah, I did have a first half third quarter M-P-J-W-T-F question mark just notation. That's code for like sometimes I'll just write down a guy's name and I'll go Andrew Wiggins question mark. You Know, bias Paris, three question marks. Hey, not in the first half, but Not in game One. Yeah.


The lack of urgency from that guy is, it's not new. This isn't breaking news but it's like it's, it just blows your mind. Like if you really try to like go, hey I'm gonna watch some, like where's this guy been like, let me watch what he's doing out there. Doesn't fight for rebounds, doesn't fight for positioning if it's an offensive rebound and he's on defense and then the guy's in front of him, he just kind of like, is there, there's, there's no contest, there's no effort. So they bench him. And it's funny too because you're thinking about like, how's Westbrook gonna play? Does this mean because Edelman's now coaching that we're gonna see Pickett out there closing 'cause that's the sample that we got in that Sacramento game.


Or it was like, oh wait a minute, Westbrook's gonna be On the bench. Think how scary that is though. They're gonna put Pickett in that game. Exactly. Which is becoming a must win game. Like that would've been insane. But that, that was an actual option. But then it's, well now it doesn't even matter because it's gonna be Brown Gordon obviously who would be one of the three main guys with Murray and Yoic and then Brown's gonna be out there with Westbrook because there's no Michael Porter Jr. And so Alman covered for him a bit saying, Hey, I didn't think it was fair, like to have him sit long stretches and then bring them back In right's. Tough to get back in and see Hadn't played for a while. But What does that tell you? That tells you that he cannot, Michael Porter Jr. Is either somebody who does not respond to the criticism or responds poorly to it.


Because I always think of like, if you're that bad and this is not new for him as, as I've said, like he's, he's a classic like hey, he hit a bunch of threes and I had 21 points grabbed a few boards, like he was really important for them. Hit some awesome shots in the fourth quarter. Like clearly he's already done that in playoff games. But then if he has zero, you know, like a lot of these guys that we talk about, you're not shocked like hey how do you end up with three points? But like you got the other version of him. But you could just quote here was pretty incredible. Now again, three points in 26 minutes and Yoko was asked about it. He said quote, if you're not going to be engaged right now, then you're not supposed to be playing this sport. So you had the coach probably knowing like, I can't get on him. Yeah, I just got this job two weeks ago.


I'm a temp. Yeah, We will see he's gonna be back out there. I'm sure he is gonna be back out there with a closing group and he is gonna get another opportunity. But it'll always blow my mind watching guys. But here's why this matters though. Not care. I don't know. Well, in 23 when they won the title, he played 20 play off games, 32.7 minutes a game, 8.1 rebounds a game during that playoff stretch. Like, and, and I thought he was good during that run and we kind of hit whatever the, whatever you had in your head of where his career was gonna go. It was like, you know, it'd be cool if he had 40% of his threes and he tried on defense and he rebounded and if you just get those three things we're good and now he doesn't rebound and the effort is in there in the same way.


And I said Zach and I, I was on Zach's pod last week, we were talking about OKC and I asked how many guys on Denver would play for OKC And we went and he is like, no, there'd be more. And I said, well I don't think Porter would play for them. I don't think he'd play over Wiggins. And, and Zach said, I oh he'd play over Wiggins. And I don't know whether that's right or wrong. I genuinely don't think he would play over Wiggins. I think Wiggins really gives a shit, plays defense, hits threes, he's athletic, he gives a shit. I said that twice. I don't think Porter would get on the floor for them because he doesn't play hard enough. He wouldn't play, he wouldn't play over least this version of hard two years ago. He would've Play over Che. He wouldn't play over do, he wouldn't play over Wallace. He wouldn't play over SGA, he wouldn't play over Jalen Williams one.


He wouldn't play over Caruso. It's basically the Wiggins spot. Like would You play IC Joe or Wiggins? Yeah, I'm playing both of those guys over reporter, this version of Porter And knowing what they prioritize. Yeah, like he's the antithesis of what they're about. So here's the thing, this might worked out for Denver where Porter has some sort of come to Jesus moment. But he is also had a really, I think difficult year and I, and I maybe that's affected the off the court stuff with his brother, which was, you know, pretty horrible. He's already won a title. So when you win a title, it's like, what I don't have to sacrifice in the same way I'm already a champion champion And maybe you're in that mode of like, I'm tired of hearing about how great Yoic is.


I'm good too. I'll never, nobody will ever appreciate me on this. Like who knows what's in his head. But whatever he did in game one was disgusting. It sucked. The Problem is is the off the court stuff is significant, right? Because it's not just his brother, it's, it's Yeah he is got a lot of shit Going on. It's right, it's a lot of shit going on. But if this were Abnormal for him in a game, I think those excuses would be more of of like the conclusion that I've come to. The problem is, is this is kind of who he's been. This has always been, and it's just even crazier too, like thinking back to all of the stories that worked their way out of like the divide between Calvin Booth and Mike Malone and then Booth at one point saying Hey we need to trade Michael Porter Jr.


'cause there'd probably still be some kind of fake attraction to the idea of him. He's still really young when he's 26, 27, he's two more years. Would you trade, would you trade to him from Levine? I I think Levine is a bigger losing player than even Michael Porter Jr. Is 'cause he has the ball in his hands more so probably not. But that there was this Missouri connection and you just think like, what are you guys talking about? That can't be true. That can't, he was barely at Mizzou, he was barely there. And so now it's like this guy that's seems to be indifferent at the wrong times, can't Him. I'm looking at our YouTube chat to see if anybody has Michael Porter Jr. No.


Doesn't seem like he's very popular in the chat. But the thing, the thing is they don't just need him. They actually need him to play like 32 to 35 minutes a game. It's not just like, oh it'd be nice if he helped us out. They actually need real minutes from him because the more minutes he plays, you know, the less other people play. So, but Just to to review though, he played 53 minutes in college, 53 minutes. And we're supposed to believe because the Missouri connection to ownership, there's, it's, that's like me being on Minneapolis, Zillow because I've used the airport like I like it here. Like have you ever been outside of the airport? Like I've been to that airport probably 40, 50 times. I've never been to the town.


I think I've been to the Atlanta airport like 30 times and I've been to Atlanta twice. Only Twice. Twice. That'd be an interesting, that'd be an interesting one of times. Most airports you've been in versus times you've actually been in the city would be a good Battle. Detroit's up there. But I've been to Detroit, Minneapolis Because Hartford Detroit, Hartford Detroit to somewhere else. Yeah, well I used to just spend a lot of time in Detroit. Who wouldn't? I'd leave Hartford being like, if I can do this, I can do Detroit. But when I Canada's right there, I've never, I've never been to Minneapolis. I didn't even go for the for the Super Bowl. Now I skipped that one.


This episode is brought to you by Ultra running. Every pair of ultra shoes has a roomy toe box and zero to load drop, which lets your toes spread and keeps your foot in a more natural position. All in the name of comfort and performance with a variety of styles. There's a shoe for everyone. It's comfort. You have to feel to believe. Try Ultra for yourself with a free 30 day trial and free shipping@ultrarunning.com.


This episode is brought to you by Uber Eats Summer is almost here and you can now get almost anything you need for your sunny days delivered with Uber Eats. What do we mean by almost? Well you can't get a well groomed lawn delivered, but you can get chicken parmesan delivered a cabana. That's a no. A banana, that's a yes. A nice tan. Sorry. No, but a box fan Happle. Yes. A day of Sunshine. Nope. A box of fine wines. Yeah, Uber Eats can definitely get you that get almost, almost anything delivered with Uber Eats Order Now alcohol and select markets product availability may vary by Region C app for details.


Can we do OKC Grizz really quick? I think Memphis is not a good basketball team and it made me mad that Dallas couldn't beat them and I, I bet the sweep immediately, like immediately for this series. Maybe I'll be wrong, but What was the odds? What were the payouts on that? What would they be? The odds were I have that here plus one 40. That's what I got it at. That was as big of a first half ass kicking as I can probably ever remember watching in a play off game. And I know there was, there were games where there were bigger blowouts, but it wasn't just that there were killing them.


It was like they were just rebounding and getting three on ones. And I thought Memphis gave up. It was a Jaron Jackson trademark your trademark, an all time hall of fame to buy a Harris game. I didn't realize he was out there for a half hour at one point I thought he maybe left and was playing video games in the locker room, but it turned out he was still out there. It's just, it's just grim and I don't see any chance. This is a team that is really built to, to defend Jah with as many options as you could possibly come up with plus RI protection. And there's, you know, unless Desmond Bain's just gonna hit 12 threes in a game, I don't see a case.


But I think Memphis, can we officially make them a team to watch this summer? 'cause I don't feel like this will be the same nucleus in a couple months. Yeah, I don't know. Ownership loves Jah and, and Jaren had a great year this year. He was terrible today. It's an awful matchup for them because it's Ja going up against do and then Bain's going up against Jay will. So then it's, it's nine for 29 combined from your back court who physically has no chance against that group. And then on top of everything else, Jaron Jackson is like shit. So I get Chet or Hart Hartenstein against me here. Hartstein was, I thought incredible today. Yeah, Bain was a minus. Just incredible. Bain was a minus 51.


JJ was two for 13. Minus 51. Yeah, you don't see that a lot. At one point I was rooting 1 10 55 was in play. I was, it didn't get there. I I wanted, I watched the entire game. My mom was over for Easter and I was like, hold on. Like I I I was really, I like the double the score. That sounds like something I would say don't do you think that's a little sad? You watched this whole game and your mother was in town? Well I had It on, I it was, it was on the kitchen. I was focused on it. They're every bloody Marys. But here's the other part. SGA started this game one of nine and it was 63 to 32. Yeah. SG had 15 points. It's his lowest total since Team Kenny and Team Shaq.


If you don't count those games, it's the lowest, the lowest he had had was very early in the season when he had 18. So game one of the playoffs, they come out here and do this and he only had 15 points and he missed like all of his shots until he hit some more a little bit later. This was so gross. It's the biggest blowout in the playoffs in 10 years when the Bulls beat the bucks back in 2015 by 54 points. And it's always easy to say, but Yeah, but this felt worse. I think it's just because it's like if I have to hear about the Grizzlies being a fucking two seed anymore, it's like, yeah. All right. Yeah, the standings broke one way and you were kind of a two seed and you were two seeds in that other year and you guys really are proud.


Like when are you guys raising the two seed banner that started like we were a two seed at one point and it just, What was that? What was that indie cult banner? What was it? The, the the a FFC South champs or whatever. Is that what it was? I dunno. They had a bad banner. I'm trying to, that would be a good website. Worst banners That would be, you start that if things don't work Out for you. I'm work on that after the pod. I I guess look, anybody that heard the vernal pod could tell I was kind of like running outta patients with this Memphis group. Oh in general That said 2014 A FC finalist was the cold span. Tough a ffc tough championship finalist. It's pretty bad. It's a tough banner.


I, I just, you know the buildup and like Jaw's looking around and it's like all right and then Jalen Rose is even like a shoe comes out today and he's wants to announce to the world that like even though S G's getting all this love, like I'm at this level and then OK C'S just looking at me like what are you gonna do? We're gonna go under every screen. You're gonna hit the first three, you're gonna miss the rest of them and then you're gonna do shit where you're getting into the paint and sometimes it works but against us, like if you wait around against OKC, as I've said all season long, if you dick around with the basketball, they're going to make you pay. And so breaking the paint and then just kind of dancing around hoping you're gonna get some angle against all these guys that are so much bigger than you. So there sounds like there's like real dislike in my voice.


I know when I talk about Memphis and I'm, I actually feel bad about about it a little bit 'cause I think they do do a really good job and they've done like a really good job on the margins with all these players where I'm like, hey, nobody really liked this guy. They were smart about it. They've nailed all these draft picks. Even Pippen Jr. Like that guy's gonna play a really long time. I love his toughness. But to come out and just get stomped like that, it should be however the rest of the series goes. This should have been some kind of wake up call of like, we might be lying to ourselves down here a little bit about what our ceiling actually is, but they probably won't do anything 'cause Jaw's easily the most famous guy in sports that you Could, that you could talk yourself into a, well the coach thing was weird. We don't have Brandon Clark, Jaylen Wells got hurt.


Let's take a, let's take a look at this. That's fine. In the off season, ededie was turned out to be a great pick. Feeling good there. Great Pick. I think he's serviceable well For number nine in a bad Draft, fine. Yeah, but I'm, I'm just trying to do the glass half full Grizzlies case. I, the question for me is, if you're sitting in whatever office talking about, let's make a big move, who's out there, whether Memphis would admit it or not. I they're not hanging up. If you're like, I have this really good offer for John Moran, can you talk about it? They're not gonna like, Nope. I think John's the kind of guy owners love and will defend forever because he's their attraction. And if you're in Memphis that's probably as important as, well I guess they were two seats.


So All right, well they have they three guys and they feel a million miles away from OKC and OKC is still stacking up and they have three draft picks this draft and I mean you're so far away. I don't know, it'd be a tough, tough exit interview for the, for the group and we don't know if that coach is coming. I'd heard that the, maybe they did that Jenkins move because they wanted to lock down that coach 'cause they're afraid they're gonna lose him. So maybe he's the coach going forward. I dunno. But anyway, I'm gonna probably not watch a lot of that series going forward unless the score is like 150 and I can get excited that they might double a score because I don't think, But would KC let ask you this, what would O KC need to do?


Or is it irrelevant because it's Memphis for, before people start to realize like how special this team is, It's not gonna happen until they play Lakers. Who for, oh it's Clippers, Denver. Probably that series. Probably round two. If they're just walloping, whoever comes out of that Clippers Denver thing, that's when I think people would be like, holy shit. But yeah, it's not, I just think people aren't gonna believe it until they see it against real teams in the playoffs. Nick's Pistons. What is your opinion for why Cade was so bad in that game? I have an opinion, but I'm interested in yours because Cade was bad because yeah He was, I think OG makes you work a lot and I think it kind of slows down the first thing that you're gonna do.


I thought they were doing a better job bringing him off the ball in some of the regular season games and then coming back to the ball. Hmm. It seemed like they kind of abandoned a lot of that stuff. Hey, they were a mess. The five second violation to start the fourth quarter, next possession, 24 second violation. Turnover, turnover, turnover campaign of all people going off the Miss dunk, although I saw And they got the ball back, it Scored made, made up for it. That was a disaster start of, that's 21. Nothing run the whole time. You, you seem like you have something specific though to the Cade matchup here that you wanna get to. No, you said the number one thing I would've said is I, first of all, OGs been awesome for two months here and I thought he was really good yesterday. No, I had a big picture point.


I don't think home court matters anymore really that much as we saw with like how good the Celtics are on the road and at home. They would just blow these games left and right and I, I, we've seen teams lose game sevens at home over and over again every playoffs. And in general, I just don't think, it's not like it was in the eighties, you know? And even if you're like watching Celtic City like some of those games that even I was lucky enough to be at, the crowds were different. The crowds were on top of you. You had the people on the bench, they had people sitting in the rows behind them just screaming at them the whole game. There was like an in intimidation factor that I think is just not there anymore. I think it's, I think it's just more benevolent to be on the road just in general.


It's easier to fly to a game. Your private jets, your standard nice hotels. There's just things that are more in your favorite if you're the road team. I think the Knicks still have a home court advantage. I thought the Pistons got rattled when that 21 to nothing as that was happening. It was a thing that you don't really see that often anymore. A younger team getting affected by the momentum of a game and how much the crowd was into it. Because I thought the crowd was great and I knew a bunch of people that were there who said the same thing. But I thought the crowd and the energy of, of what they had and what some of the players had and towns, which that was about as much fun as I've had watching towns as a two-way guy probably ever.


OG Brunson was, you know, Brunson, it seems like he's hurt then he is not hurt then he seems hurt again then he is fine. But Brunson was gutting it out and everybody won from that game except for Bridges. Because Bridges was bad and he was on the, on the bench basically the entire time they, they brought it back. But if you're Detroit, you're like, fuck we got this incredible Harris game. Right at 22 What? At halftime? Yeah. We were able to match their energy. Stewart gets hurt at the beginning of the fourth quarter and they get nothing from Cade but they still hung around, hung around, hung around. And then the, the Knicks just made them look like the young team that wasn't ready to be in an atmosphere like that. That was my takeaway.


Yeah, I think all that's really fair. That place is awesome. That's not breaking news, but it really kind of went the way I thought. Like I thought the third quarter was so impressive from Detroit. Yeah. When in that 1 36, 26 I'm going, well this, this is not what I expected. Like I just figured Detroit's gonna get reminded that there's levels to this and that New York, even though they had the injuries last year, they're just gonna be way more comfortable in these games than Detroit's gonna be. And if I look at a Malik Beasley who, you know, hit a ton of shots, I feel like, do I want, do I expect that those are gonna go in in the fourth quarter?


Yeah. Like he's, he's in that group for me right now where like he's feeling himself. He's been awesome this entire season. He's so important to what they do. You know, just the idea of actually having spacing around Cade this year as opposed to what they tried to do last year. But I don't know that I expect those shots to go in in the fourth quarter. And then you have another play where there's a turnover and it's, you know, look, this is a playoff game. New York's running away with this thing. The place is going crazy. Tons of momentum. Get back on defense. Tim Hardaway let's Brunson run away from him. There was just so many bad plays turnovers looking like they're not wor like they just, they just weren't up to the task at all of the emotion of what that game was to close it. And I think the cat part of it, it's, that's great for him in this series is even if Stewart's gonna stretch the floor a little bit, it's not gonna lose you the game.


So Kat doesn't really have to worry about that. Yeah, Kat has to figure out a way to just be in position on some of the C stuff that he was out of position on in the third quarter. But if Durran's in as much as he's gonna make you work, 'cause he is a beast out there, you don't really have to defend him. You just, and Kat's big enough and he is rebounded like at a hall of fame level his entire career. So he is gonna be able to fight for some of those rebounds. I'm sure Kat's looking at this being like, okay, I'm gonna get hurt on some of these where I come up to meet the ball and I'm gonna get burnt. But I'm also not worrying about like Pingus as a stretch five or I'm not worrying about some super dynamic guy who's gonna get all of these options offensively at center. So that's gonna be a bit of a relief for him. And you know, campaign scoring 11 points in just a few minutes and they didn't even bring back Mikhail to your point until like it was kind of over.


So I don't, I don't know that there's a, a of Detroit had done this. I just think they were completely overwhelmed. Which the fourth quarter made way more sense to me than the, the third quarter did yesterday. The third quarter to the fourth quarter was hilarious from a text standpoint. 'cause I think at this point I was either at WrestleMania or we're going there and, and I just decided I, it's too hard for me to watch this next game. I'm gonna just, I'll bang it out when I get home. I'll bang out like the second half. And I had these texts, I'm, I won't say who sent them, but one of them was, this is very disturbing to say the least. No ball movement.


Brunson dribbling away, they're a better team with Robinson. And then 10 minutes later I take it all back. That was one, there was another one. Hold on the Dante Julius trade is such a disaster. Mother fuck. And then right after timestamp above is when we tied game, by the way, it doesn't matter. And then I was like, ha ha you guys came back. It was a lot of those, the Knicks fans were freaking out in the third quarter and that was what was so funny when the energy shifted watching on tv, knowing what had already happened. Look, it's a really good team. I don't think they're in the class of Boston.


Like to me they remind me of, oh man, this is gonna get clipped and probably come back to haunt me. They remind me one of those NFL teams, like the, like a Houston Texan season where they win the wild card game and it's like, do you think they can win three more? And it's like, not really. I just think they're gonna beat the teams that they're better than and when they get to that next class, that higher class, I don't think they have enough. Even in the campaign thing. That's ridiculous. He's not gonna, he's gonna do that once every three weeks. Right? That's not gonna be a recurring thing with campaign. That's, if he does that again, it'll be a miracle. It's t know how what What, what other conclusion is anyone supposed to come to?


Okay. I mean this becomes, is this what you think is going to happen based on your analysis or is this what you hope happens because you have a poster home? Alright. And I can't, I can't argue with anybody like that. The only evidence we have is that they don't beat the elite teams. 'cause they didn't beat the elite teams. I mean they basically wanted to fucking parade for losing an overtime to the Celtics. Like the reaction that I saw from that stuff was, hey this is a turning point and proves that they can, they can hang with with this team. They should smoke Detroit. Detroit's not ready for this. And they, they proved it in the fourth quarter. I, but third quarter was fun that third quarter. I was like, what's going on here? There's one thing with Detroit that I'm gonna be really interested to see if they do it a little more.


I thought Schroder had a really interesting second half and I've always liked Schroder as, you know, like I, I probably like him more than most but I think he's a pest. Like I, I always felt like he was the best guy in the league defending Steph outta anybody in the league. He would've been the number one guy I picked to just like bug Steph. And I feel like he can bug Brunson. And I do think there's some sort of lineup with two smaller guard with Beasley with the center and then with the shooter that they might be able to at least hang around in these games. If I'm the Pistons, I still, I thought this was, I thought this was one of my favorite bets that this series would not go six games. I still don't think it's gonna go six games. But if I'm the Pistons, you're at least talking yourself into, look Cade's not gonna be that bad again.


He was really good all year. Like he has another, this will be a good motivating for them. That's, That's there's also something with bicker staff in this one that I don't know if it's worth even mentioning but I'm gonna mention it 'cause it's a podcast. Okay. Matching the Asar minutes with Brunson. Now Asar should be plenty fresh. He is young, he is literally more athletic than everybody else in the league except for maybe his brother and aunt, you know, but they actually had him out there when Brunson wasn't in in the start of the fourth quarter. And I was just wondering, It should be like a cornerback coming in to just defend a specific receiver Because even if you expect like no one with that profile and that age would ever actually get tired in a basketball game.


I imagine the excitement in the adrenaline because of the stakes and the playoffs. Yeah like I don't know if I'd wanna waste a couple minutes of him being out there chasing other dudes around. And then Biggerstaff clearly too, you know, a bit like the eime thing he was, he was trying to figure out what he thought was the best lineup because it's like, do I want to have a star out there without any kind of spacing because spacing's like the number one thing with Cade. Yeah I have to find a way to get spacing. But then it means defensively like does that mean now we've got guys hunting Beasley, we have guys hunting Hardaway And by the way, if the pistons get down to oh here or it's ugly, if it were ugly at the end of game two, I'm fully expecting like AVS Red Wings type of moment.


Like somebody Beasley is down for something. Shooter's not afraid to screw around. I don't know if it'd be a sarr. I don't know if I thought it would happen during that 21. Nothing run. I was waiting for the clothes line or you know, something like that. And by the way, that also should have been Memphis today. How many, how many baskets can OKC before you somebody on the you, you just have to at least contest a layup for God's sakes. It's pretty brutal. I'm not doing the old guy back of my day. We would've clothesline blah blah blah. Well the problem is, is he hit somebody when Memphis, when Memphis, there was one miss on that Jalen Williams dunk. Not the one where he dunked on everybody. I think that was a little later. There was one earlier one where outside of, I think it was Pippin or Bain missed the shot and he was deep in the paint And then I looked at where everybody was in transition and it all four other Memphis players were feet below the free throw line.


Like a couple were on the baseline, all four were on the baseline. So they didn't even have anybody positioned to do anything. Yeah, it was Jalen Williams was gone. I think you're right about game two. They're gonna definitely muck it up. That would be my Detroit. That would be my guess. We, we are gonna get a, a way more physical game and we'll see the bridges piece of it, which has been up and down all year and we've talked about it a bunch of times. I just Wanna, but he finished better. He definitely finished better Man felt Did no during The season. I felt great about him as as the season went on. But it was a storyline is my point. It was discussed on and off the season. I just wanna shout out one thing with that Thompson does.


I think he's the number one guy. If I'm inbounding the ball and I'm a point guard and I just have to dribble 50 feet to set up my offense, I think he's the number one guy I wouldn't wanna see in front of me. There's something about what he does with cutting the angles off to the guy, like pushing them toward the sidelines but being able to move his feet with his hands up. I've never seen anybody, I can't think of anybody who's been better May like maybe like Albert Robinson. I don't remember that one. You even go way back for me. Ppen used to do that. Remember when Pippen and Jordan would do this sometimes. So they'd be like hey let's just go get the ball and they would just like def defend, they would defend 94 feet and people like literally couldn't dribble the ball up to mid Midcourt.


He is so terrifying. But I think for the Pistons, like putting those miles on Brunson where he's just like actually working just to get the ball 60 feet. Like it's a real thing. So I bet they do that more. Well That play where Brunson freaked out and got mad and started clapping at the ref. Yeah, AAR had position on him. Yeah he just rode him right out of bounds. And maybe if I had said Alvin Robertson you would've remembered Alvin had a good fight with Shaq. Remember that one? Yeah. I don't know why I used David Robinson's last name, but Spurs getting older. It's Fine. We're getting old Cavs heat. Is there anything you need to see from Cleveland? This series Man more T Jerome 20 at 28 points.


He he, how many games has he done This like 20 where he just co completely takes over a game. Huh? Six. It's not 20. You think it's Two? No. Where he just takes over like a four minute stretch of a game. The game Quarter Chart. Right. This this felt like a lot. I mean he just comes, first of all We got 17 points in five minutes, Mitchell and Garland are taking turns. So that's all working. Yeah. So there was never like that lull and then did, if you're Miami and you're fighting, you're trying so hard. Like you have no chance in the playoffs with the construction of this team. No, and this is the best I've ever felt about Hero is a shot creator, right?


Him being the one option that you get to see some of the stuff that he's capable of doing and it's really, really impressive. It's also really hard when the number two is Andrew Wiggins who has like three makes in the first quarter and then didn't have another make until like the fourth quarter. I think he had like two more, but it was just one was like sort of in the game. The other one was completely irrelevant. So part of the Andrew Wiggins experience, as much as I love Bam, I love Bam. But offensively there's going to be some limitations there. So that's your one. Two, if you're Miami trying to hang with Cleveland that feels like they have all of these offensive options, then Ty Jerome comes in to close the game scoring 20 of 28 points of Cleveland. Like it's just And making like a 30 footer.


Right? You left out with your Miami options, you left, you left out the high screen with our guy Davion. How about him and the Atlanta? Like it's a little different when Trey Young is assigned to you, but Davion did have some more buckets 'cause Davion feels like he probes a lot and there's certain people that he doesn't want to challenge. So I've been kind of mixed on like how much is he really giving you offensively And he's been terrific for him. So he's definitely A rotation guy. Oh, easily. Yeah. I think next year he is a hundred percent could be on a good team playing 15 to 20 minutes a game. But the thing I, I texted this to you, I still don't understand why they punted on Schroder and what the, what the thinking was with that. And I'm sure there was tax apron stuff, but I don't understand how the team we're watching in this game today.


Didn't need Schroder for 20 minutes, 25 minutes. Like they basically nudged him away. And I know there were some financial implications to it, but it's a weird one For hero to have to go up against this defense knowing that even if you pull a rabbit outta your hat, because he is like, there are some shots a hero gets into that are really high level shots. Yeah. Just on my own this Runner floater thinks he's doing is Yeah, pretty nuts. Like, you know, I can't believe Portland said no to him in that littler trade. 'cause this guy's awesome but the, the rest of the guys around him like, and even Bam, like there's only certain places he can start with the ball in his hands to be like, Hey, we need a bucket now.


Bam. So then heroes coming out of there. That's why just you kept looking at the score going, when is this thing gonna be over? When is it gonna be over? There's no way Cleveland's actually gonna lose. There's no this is gonna be like a possession. Yeah, Well I, Miami's not a Miami shouldn't be a playoff team and honestly neither should Memphis. Like there's 13 teams, there's Memphis and Miami, there's, there's, you know, I think Orlando at least can throw some punches and has two good scores. Like they feel playoff teamy to me, right? Yeah. I'm okay with them in the playoffs. They're obviously a guy short. But The argument for the plane is, is you know, there's plenty of teams that have had injuries and Memphis would say, Hey look, if we'd had Jah the full year, but I don't know, the west is so packed.


Does it guarantee that they're a top six? I don't think that guarantees it. I think the Kyrie thing was the biggest one of all of 'em. I think if, if Kyrie had never gotten hurt, I think Dallas would've been a really good eight seat. They would've lost, but at least they would've had defense and a score and they would've been something of a team. Yeah, that would've been a fun team. I'm with you there, but I just want to come full circle on this whole playing thing. Yeah. Because this was the reason I didn't like it Because You were gonna have these teams, like there was, I would think an eight game win separation based on the 10 seed in the west. Yeah. And then what the seven seed or eight seed, I forget. So I, I guess I could pull it up right now. But the point stands is that why are you giving these teams that stink another chance to get into this entire thing.


Now there still had to be eight teams, but it just was funny like when you had Lakers warriors with the Steph LeBron Showdown four years ago and it's like, oh, I thought the plan stunk. And it's like, no, it's the principle. It is what the, what the plan stands for. If the games are good, then of course we're all gonna enjoy good games. But guess what happened this year? Now everybody doesn't like to play simply because of the results of the games and whether or not they were entertaining and they weren't. Don't tell Amazon. 'cause I think this is part of their package. Yeah, they were ex, Amazon was excited for the play and, but they're How many good playing games there? It's not going there. Yeah, It doesn't matter. It's Just extra two for it. We went two six in the playing this year. I'd love to know the batting average for the four years, but it's gotta be about 30%. Miami Atlanta was great.


It was a fun game. I Enjoyed it as well. It was a fun one, I wonder if it should just be 8, 8, 9 winner of eight. Nine plays the seven for the seven eight seating or something like that. And we just get rid of the 10 seed. I think it's gonna be hard to find a, a 10 seed that is kind of deserves to get any sort of stage you're gonna end up in. Like that weird Sacramento thing. I mean, we didn't even talk about the Sacramento. This, this is, this is now a top three. What the hell is this organization gonna do? Organization. The s bonus piece of it, you know? And I thought, Bonnie, where That Goes? Did a good job. I, I'm, I'm guarantee you Vivek wanted Zach Levine.


He seems like the kind of guy and owner would be like, but he scores a million points. Celtics, Orlando, anything before we go to Pacers? Bucks the last One. Come on. I thought we were gonna lead with it. That's what you had said in the text. The show rundown that I got. Which one? Celtics. Orlando. Go for it. Come on, give us a couple minutes. Bill. Celtics are really good. Orlando doesn't have enough good players. And Orlando needs some sort of guard who can create stuff for them because what they have is not enough. That's my analysis. The disparity between the two teams was significant. I never, for a split second thought the Celtics were in danger of losing the game and Tatum didn't even play well offensively.


He's had good rebounding game. I, I, I liked how hard he played. I thought he was good defensively, thought he attacked the rim, but the guards won the game and Drew clearly has multiple gears. Like the drew that was in the game today. They were Drew, he is doing the, Chad Finn called it the Dennis Johnson. Like, I'll turn it on when the game start mattering. And he's, you know, he's, he just looked great. Poor Zynga looks good, team looks good. Feeling good. Jaylen's knee looked okay. Didn't see any red flags anywhere. Tatum wrist, x-rays all good. Negative. Yeah. Oh yeah. No, I, I had a Couple Celtic fans in my life who were mad about that foul. I thought it was, I thought it was a good play. I thought they were trying to stop a dunk.


Like it's fucking playoff basketball. Your job is to try to stop somebody from dunking in traffic, you know, and they called a flagrant one on it. I didn't, I could have gone either way on it, but I didn't have a problem with that. I didn't think it was cheap. Did you? No. I didn't even think it was a flagrant one. It's all depends on how you, the playoffs guys, everybody's, everybody's losing their mind. If you wanna tell me Wendell Carter had his hand in his back a little bit. Okay, fine. But I didn't think it was like an extended arm thing out. But the standard of what we all now think is flagrant, it's like concussion experts on Twitter on Thursday night. Football being like, oh know dude, you didn't, you didn't look very good. You're like, you're not even on the sideline, dude. You're home. Look, I didn't think it was a flag or foul, but you're right. I mean, Tatum's 8 22, 1 to eight from three Jalen Brown, six of 14.


And by the way, his foul at the end of the third quarter, which then restarted the end of the third quarter. Like he has got, I don't know what's going on over there at Harvard, but they, there needs to be a, Hey, this would be a good time to foul. This would be a bad time to foul. Maybe it's a one credit course song conference. Yeah, it doesn't, yeah. Maybe we get a paper. Somebody put a PA paper together. 'cause he just, he has these moments, man, where I'm like, what the fuck are you doing anyway? Six of 14 today. So that's what, 14 for 36 from your two best players and you close this one almost up to 20. Yeah. When their guards play like that, they're, yeah, it's very hard for them to lose.


There'll be no Palo slander also. 'cause you get to see that tonight. And I thought Drew on Palo at least making him have to work to get into his stuff. But Orlando has no chance. We knew they had no chance. And I also thought if we were doing a Wendell Carter maybe update he played today, you may not have noticed. I think he had like 12 rebounds. Yeah. But yeah, to see his effort level against somebody like Al Harford's effort level, when Al knew they needed to crank up the energy Yeah. And Al's fighting and he's grabbing loose balls and he is starting the fast break and you're like, man, Carter was actually like, when I did him, his draft year phrasing, I was like, he kind of has a little ish stuff in there if that's even a word.


And then it's like, yep. There's no, there's no wonder look for desire Bill. I was trying to think of a scenario where Orlando could win a game because I still feel like Boston's not gonna sweep. I think Boston will have a weird game where they just don't make threes. But I also think if they played defense, it would be impossible for Orlando to get to like 98 points. So it would have to be the combination of not making threes, not playing defense for like an hour and get Orlando up. But I it, if Boston plays defense, I just don't see how Orlando's gonna score. Even in the game today, they had 18 points in the first quarter, 18 in the third, 19 in the fourth. Like it's just, it's gonna be really hard.


This Isn't new. They're, they're so bad on offense at times. It's Just tough to watch. Right. So their third leading score with Jonathan, Jonathan Isaac, with you wanna guess how many points? 10, Seven. Oof. Okay.


This episode is brought to you by cgi. Customer service can be so frustrating waiting on hold, being transferred around, repeating yourself. So flip the script with COE's Agentic ai, their AI agents do more than automate. They collaborate seamlessly integrating into any system. Agentic AI works alongside your customer care team to deliver service, support and experiences at scale, reducing costs, and making customers happy. Experience COE's agentic AI at cogi.com/happy.


This episode is brought to by LinkedIn. During the season, every baseball team plays 162 games. It's a true test of endurance. It's not enough to have a hot month or two. You need sustained dominance throughout. While the same is true for your small business, it's not enough to have a great Q2 or even a great year. You want year over year growth that starts with better hires. That'll be there for the long haul to find those hires. Use LinkedIn. LinkedIn has strong hiring data and insights that you won't find anywhere else to help pair you with the best candidates from unique skills and interests to the connections you have in common. Based on LinkedIn data, 72% of small businesses say that LinkedIn helps them find high quality talent. LinkedIn also lets you go beyond people who are actively applying in a given week. 171 million LinkedIn members aren't actively seeking jobs, but they are open to new opportunities. That's a big pool to miss out on. If you're not hiring with LinkedIn, find your next great hire on LinkedIn. Post your job for free at LinkedIn dot com slash simmons. That's LinkedIn dot com slash simmons to post your job for free terms and conditions apply.


We'll end with Pacers bucks. Best for last. I love the Pacers in the series. I thought the single best bet on FanDuel heading into the playoffs was Pacers Win game one. Pacers win the series was I think plus 1 38, something like that. Look at you. The Bucks looked horrible. Dame didn't play. There was this weird Dame's going to Dame's back. I think people thought he was gonna be back for game one just 'cause of the way the announcement came out and he, well He said he was off the medication, so Yeah, Because he was, even if he comes back, he's not gonna be in game shape. The Pacers love to pressure the ball full court. Like I just think there's so many things wrong and then you move into, well what ha what does that has to happen for the Bucks to win the series?


Well Kevin Porter needs to really come through. It's like, well he wasn't on the team two months ago, so I'm not if, if it's okay, I'm not gonna count on that. And just like Pencil and Giannis for 38 and 20 every game. I still don't think they're winning the series. And I also think the Pacers are good. I think Pacers Cleveland is gonna be a really, really good series. But the big question is, you know, is, is the clock gonna start on Giannis? That's gonna be the, the ESPN topic tomorrow. Especially if they fall down to nothing. What happens to Yiannis? Where's he gonna go? Like and this is, we said all this before the playoffs. Yeah, but we can't do It. And now that to the Bucks, you can't do that to the Bucks after one game. There can't be a Giannis. Where's he gonna go after one fucking playoff game?


It was starting on Saturday after that game. Where are though It was bad, but you know, right. It was a, it was a bad loss and you start going, okay, this kind of sucks if you're honest. He's been 30, 12 and six for seven straight years and he's never been in a weaker situation with this roster. You know, it's what it's, I'd like submit like a weekly Nico Harrison award based on the quote that you're like, what? Yeah, And I'd submit Bobby, Bobby Portis had some pregame Oh availability with Katie George who did the sideline for this game for ESPN and she was saying Bobby, you know, he is been around here a long time and he said that this Bucks team is the best version of any of the teams that he's been on.


And I expected like, except for the team that won the, the title. Yeah. And it, no, no, no. Bill. Not so fast. He said even that team, He did an even that team for the team that won the title. Wow. The 22 team was better. The 22 team was really good. If Middleton had been healthy, who knows? Grant Williams six threes, you Know, Rushmore start talking about it now. The movie Best Player Giannis was fantastic. Nobody else did anything else to around him. I think at one point he had like 36 of the 50. I mean It's just, I never liked the Kuzma trade at any point. Oh my god. Of 2025.


It's Tony Snell off the hook. You think SNE is replaced by Kuzma? Yeah, I don't, I think, well just the meme, 22 minutes. Oh for five zero board, zero assists, zero points. You wanna guess how many blocks and steals he had? None. Zero and zero. Zero turnovers. Well tomorrow we have Detroit, New York and Clippers Denver, which I think is a, that Clippers Denver. That was a really hard game of all the games. I would've said it would be nice if those guys had one more day off. I probably would've picked that series, but somehow they played again. So we'll see with that. But those are two really good games.


Tomorrow I went from thinking Indiana would win in less than six to now wondering if this could potentially get ugly because if I'm Milwaukee, I need Dame to come back for the third game and I also need him to be pretty good. And that just seems like I'm keeping my fingers crossed on both of those at that point. I, I continue to think Indiana's really good. Like I thought I put, I put some of my favorite playoff bets on Friday and I thought the Indiana, Indiana was 28 to one to win the East.


I don't think they're gonna win the east, but I thought those odds were pretty good because you'd have to take out Cleveland and they know they could play with Boston and just 28 to one is, those are crazy, crazy odds. It's at least if you're gonna take a crazy flyer on someone, not a bad one. I think Indiana is a good team and sometimes they're their own worst enemies, but they are definitely better than Milwaukee and I don't think it's gonna matter what Giannis does. So, so we try not to overreact to game one. But that game confirmed everything I thought heading into the series that Indiana just has a better basketball team. Yeah, no breaking news there. I mean you'd expect a little bit more outta Uzma. Torm Prince also had Zero Uzma versus Porter who had a worse weekend.


I mean it Was just an absolute donut from everybody other than AJ Green hitting a few threes and Kevin Porter Jr getting to the free throw line. It's, you know, Giannis owns any of the numbers that you would look at. It is like, hey, what has he done against the Yoakum? All right, he is done this, what has he done against Turner? Okay, he's, he's done this and he owns these dudes. But you know, he's, he's playing point guard now. I mean you wanna talk about a dude out there by himself, you know, this is, some people were calling it the John Popper, the NBA and I don't know if that's fair to the guys in Blues Traveler, but You said a good run. It's tough when a basketball player hits the point where you can give them the best possible stat line for the game and also say their team's still gonna lose.


Yeah. Like no chance Like game two Giannis 42 27 assist. Do they win? And I'd be like, eh, probably not. That's where it gets tough. I know how you were talking about just all the the nonsense, but, but we have to be, you know, 'cause we're guilty of it too, but we don't do it. But we're guilty of referencing it and I know I am and sometimes I try to stop myself from doing it, but I sometimes you can't. Right. Because you just see so much of it. But just like there's a whole anti curry camp, right. And they, they argue these points. There's a lot of anti Tatum people and Yeah, It's a weird one. It's, it's very strange that like today would be another example of like, oh once again Tatum needs to be bailed out of like a bad playoff for four.


I heard from a Laker fan today who mailed me his box who were like, yo, your boy Yeah don't Understand that. 14 rebounds. Yeah, well you gave up 40 open threes last night buddy. So all of that exists. So all of the Yiannis stuff exists. But you know, until I would see like whether it was you thinking you've heard something or a Win horse or shams, like there's somebody that really mattered that kind of like brought it out on a radar where it was justifiable. I know that it's being talked about, but a lot of stuff that's talked about, it's just like, okay, but who, who are the people that are actually talking about this stuff? Even it's being discussed all of the time. Yeah. And there was a really funny one 'cause I would put this in the category of like something that I've read and I forget who wrote it, but I was reading a bunch of the playoff previews and the person made the argument that was like, I like the bucks in this series.


If Dame doesn't come back, I'm like, God, oh and after this game Good zag Right after this game, I'm thinking, all right, well whatever you think the low end of the dame experience is, at least there's another score out there that also balances out the court. Yeah. And it's some outlet that's better than, you know, all of these Dude, It's, it's net of Kyle Kuzma does the 0 0 0 across the board. So I went to WrestleMania in and out yesterday. How'd that go? Do you drive car Service? No, I was, I was able to, somebody I knew was going in and out same day.


Ah Yeah. Very nice. And at one point was sitting with Dana White was like four seats down with his right hand guy. Very nice guy. And my son big UFC fan and his buddy kind of my son has a way of doing this all of a sudden is in a conversation with the right hand guy and got some info on International Fight Week. And there's a fight coming in that week that my son, he'll, he'll make this face three times a year. That we always make fun of where he's been making it since he was a little kid where he is overwhelmed by something and he is kind of just deer like legitimate deer in the headlights.


And he found out one of the fights had made the deer in the headlights face. But I'm not gonna say it 'cause I don't wanna betray the confidence, but let's just say my son is now demanding. We go to International Fight Week. By the way, how does your son handle, I would say over the years, the access of your friend group and you know, some celebrity. Yeah. You know, let's not pretend. How does he handle himself? Is he He's great. He's done a good always handshake, eye contact. Kind of knows when to move in and out of the combo. Not annoying. No, not annoying. Low usage rate. Hmm. He'll space the floor. If it's somebody he wants to engage with, he'll do it. If it's something like there's a common interest thing Like a Go bear switch.


Yeah. Or he'll move back. Yeah. Okay, that's good. But yeah, we there. Keep going. I'm Getting in the Way. It seems like we were there for the better WrestleMania day because I think today was a little bit worse. Although John Cena, I know you were focused on that. Another message. What's going on with him? Title Cena. He's a bad, the title again. He's a bad guy. Bad guy. Turn Heel and what he won won the title with some help from your guy. Travis Scott came in and helped him out. That's cool Guy. But he came in surprise. I think he did a really good job of the shoes. My highlight though was behind, behind like in the, in the back room underneath Steven Mel was there who was starting heels, which a show that I really liked that was on Stars.


And this guy, Chris Bauer was also on heels. He played like the bad guy but he's been in a bunch of movies. He was Akka in The Wire and he's been in a bunch of movies. But he was machine an eight millimeter a movie that I love and Van Lathan loves my friend Jeff Gallo loves and I'm not sure anyone else loves Nick Cage. So he was really excited to meet him. And I opened with, I'm a huge fan of Eight Millimeter and I love the machine. I don't think he gets it much. Seems, seems genuinely surprised by it. So he's I the main union guy. Akka. Oh yeah, Frank Sacca. Yeah. Yeah, He was great. I thought Akka, I know the storyline Season two people don't really like it that much.


No. Season two is good. People gotta give season two another chance. Plus Pablo's in it. Like there's great actors in that season. Pablo Schreiber De Thieves. Yeah, I like Seba. He's, he's totally, totally believable in that role. I thought he did a great job. He probably gets Seba the most, I would guess from the interactions. I don't know if he got a lot of machine, machine was the killer in eight millimeter. He, he was the killer in the stuff film and he wore like a, like a gimp leather mask and there's a big fight scene at the end with him and Nick Cage. So yeah. Good one. Okay. But is there anything, is there any wrestling stuff that we need to know about the world needs to know about?


You know, I think Charlotte Flairs really great. I think she's the best woman's wrestler I've ever seen in person since China. No, just best in general. China. I don't think China, China's not a lot of conversations. I think China's, China's a little more like, I don't know, like she had a brief, brief apex. Who's the Irish one? Becky Ucci. Becky Lynch. Okay. She married Seth Rollins. She had a, she was the biggest star in the company for about a year. And then she married Seth Rollins and they had a, they had a kid. So I, she kind of phased back a little bit. I found her SportsCenter ad annoying. So did you notice in the Masters they were rerunning some of the old SportsCenter ads?


I forgot how great those were. Like they were rerunning the Tiger Woods ad a couple of them and I, I love those ads. Yeah, I, I love them too. Nostalgic for 'em. I remember I think when they first started the whole, this is sports center campaign, it was some, it was some ad agency in Portland, Oregon I think. And I wrote them a letter. I was like, oh you know, I like sports. I mean you know, this is just me doing my Douglas Copeland Yeah. Shampoo planet writing letter phase of my life. But Isn't a Wadden Kennedy, that's a denim, right? They're in Portland. You would know better than I would. Yeah, yeah, that's What it was. So It was just, they were so good. The funny thing was is then once I started working there, they actually kind of like made sense.


'cause you could be in a situation where you're like, why is so and so and the salad bar line with me or something like that. But then there was like a real, like that guy's in one or I was gonna say the funniest thing about SportsCenter was the, the fucking jockeying to be in the SportsCenter commercial. There's so many stories about that. People being mad that this person got in and they weren't, this person's been in three, I haven't been in one yet, he's been in four. I've only been in one. It was fantastic. Yeah. And then they just kind of fell off. I mean they had a really good run for a really long time. I think there was always a little animosity that Van Pelt was in so many of 'em, but he was just really good at it. Yeah, I liked him.


And I saw Sinners on Friday too and I thought it was spectacular. I saw warfare in the theater on Thursday, a couple movie goers. It is so fucking good. Okay. It is that good. I love it for a bunch of different reasons. But I love that a studio let a couple guys make a movie on an experience that they knew firsthand and they were like, here's a script. It's gonna be just one location for like 90 minutes going through this one thing. And it's gonna be really graphic, it's gonna be very stressful. It's gonna cause anxiety and it's gonna have all these different moments, but it's gonna be like the most realistic approach to a war scene you can possibly have.


There's no girlfriend, there's no does this kid betray someone and there's a forbidden connection based on cultures. It's like, nope, these guys are in this room and they're fucked and they gotta get 'em out of there and we'll see what happens and we're gonna stay in this room with 'em for 90 minutes and seeing it. This theater movies Are back. Yeah, the, the number of moments were like, it was just the sound and you know, it wasn't like a super complicated dynamic. There's not some like Memento like, oh my god this is, I can't believe Christopher Nolan did this. I just love that they let them do that Now Sinners, everybody's raving about that. Give us the quick pitch sell. I just think Kugler's on the short, short, short, short list of the best directors.


It's so original. I went into it knowing nothing. I intentionally read nothing. I didn't wanna know anything. I just knew vampires were involved. That Michael B. Jordan was it. I knew nothing else and it's just so original and so cool And it shifts a couple times and it has a couple surprises in there. I thought it was the best Jordan performance ever. He's playing, I don't wanna say, I don't wanna spoil it Better than the jazz finals Like a B Jordan. His best performance ever. I was just blown away. I thought it was great. I'm gonna see it again. It's a very short list of movies. Wait, you're Going Twice?


I'm gonna go again. Yeah, it's very short list of movies I've seen twice in like two weeks in the theater because I think it's a theater movie you'll have still have fun watching it in, you know, in your house or your apartment, wherever you are out there. But I think it's a crucial theater movie and I just thought it was really cool and I'm still glad I felt the same way. I remember walking outta Once Upon a time in Hollywood, same way. You're just like, man that was just so original and so cool and so well casted and there was, everybody was so good and I just had a great time. So anyway, I loved it and it seems like it's doing well, which is nice. So movies not dead yet? No.


Go to the theater Kids And you're still in on the Office Whatcha talking about Right? You're still not the office. The studio. Yeah. There's a couple episodes. One episode I dipped A little. Yeah, it's a little erratic. Yeah, but it's really well done. So I've, I've enjoyed that part of it. I liked your friends and neighbors too. I've enjoyed that. Friends Neighbors enjoyed 1923. I thought it was another strong season. I really liked the Sheridan Universe. I had not watched Mob Land yet By the way. Decent things. Yeah, I'm just about to start that one.


May even do it tonight as I wind down for the adrenaline rush of this podcast. But This YouTube live Warfare, I think I forgot I was live like 45 minutes ago. Warfare, Cosmo Jarvis, the lead in show. When's the IPO and what is the limit? Because I think Cosmo Jarvis might be next. Speaking of ESPN magazine covers Cosmo Jarvis. Yeah. Make the case. You know, Shogun, I wasn't a hundred percent sure, like he was great. I love Shogun. It was awesome. I was surprised even how much I loved it.


Maybe I shouldn't have been, you know, history guy ninjas, you know, pretty much checks everything I need. But he wasn't like just badass throughout that. He was playful, he was funny. But then he was dealing with like the romance part of it. So he had to like do a bunch of different things because I think if he was just the Punisher for 10 episodes, that lack of depth in the storyline maybe gets a little bit old. Yeah. He, for whatever reason, just in this, he's, he's mastering the, I don't have to do that much and owns the scene. Ah, Yeah. So Are you excited for the Damon CK movie?


Rip? Which one is it? It's Called Rip, I think it's called, called Rip Torn. It's a heist movie. Yeah, of course I am Coming out in the fall. Where does it take place? And then Accountant two Uck and burnt. Lot of good stuff coming out. All right, so we're gonna wrap up. You have two more podcasts this week, tu Tuesday, Thursday. What's the number one thing you're most excited about for the playoffs this week? Oh, it's Clippers. It's Clippers Nuggets game too. I can't, I can't wait. Me too. You know what's sad? The Magic. We were far to a line tonight, by the way. God Nah, that happens sometimes. You know what's sad though?


The magic weren't quite good enough today to pull Sir Rudy for like four minutes. That was like the bar. It's like can the magic be good enough that it's like, hey, there's something to pull Seru and it's just wasn't there. And I think deep down he knows it too. Anybody that's watched him, you know, post Suggs, I think the only thing that you do is you go, Hey, you have a real chance, you know, years moving forward. 'cause Apollo right, that's, that's what today was. It was a, it was a reminder to magic fans that already know that. And it's, I think a, a unnecessary reminder. 'cause I'm sure Paula wasn't exactly a guy. A ton of people were watching on League Pass because Atlanta was Paula, Franz, Suggs, some, some cap space. Potentially some, some moves to pitch Should make, I dunno know man, Franz is starting to feel like a recalibration nominee.


Oh no Adjusted ceilings Man. He was so good for that. Three weeks before he got hurt for the obl, for the oblique virus caught him. If we let Sar Rudy in right now, he would just start to say, oh, okay, we Can't oht, there'll be another 10 minutes. We gotta wrap up, we gotta wrap up. The, the shot hitch is terrifying. He said It's Terrifying. It is. Yeah. Didn't have in November. Sar Rudy tells the truth, man. How fired up are you for the draft on a scale of one in 10 NFL draft? Yeah, I'm always pretty excited, but I'm getting selfish as I get a little bit older and that's just a lot of stuff going on.


I'm an eight, In fact, I'm not going to Clippers. Game three gave away my ticket already. I would rather watch Denver Clippers than watch, like with the draft. The Pats have the fourth pick. I'm not, I I I'm just not, I can't juggle it. Plus they might trade back up until the, I I'm not missing it. It's too important. Are you Thrilled? The Belichick doesn't have the pick just so he could not use it. And then he's like, we got a 28 from who? Cleveland. I I, I'm kind of shocked how embedded I've been in the mock draft stuff. I even cold called Mache on Friday. We finally crossed that line. I just called him on a Friday.


You just called him? Yeah, just called him. That's amazing. I wanna talk about the Giants at three. I just was like, fuck it. I'm calling Ssha Sha called me. He's Seven 30 Friday night. He's like, there's something in my contract. He's like the number length hour shows. He's like, all this makes sense. He's like, there's something. He said that Bill gets seven emergency phone calls per 12 Months. Could just call me on a Friday night outta nowhere. Right? Yeah. I just had some, I had some thoughts. He's good Intel fun person to talk to. Himm glad you brought him into my life. He's here in LA this week. We're gonna be doing stuff, stuff with him here doing draft Stuff. He just flew here. Yeah, he has a lot. The the number of it gets different.


Again, he is not the reporter or whatever, but he talks to everyone. Yeah. So those phone calls with him are far more valuable than I think even he can provide all that. I think he's been, I, I know I'm biased, but I think he's been absolutely lights out with the draft this year. I've loved the newsletter, I've loved the podcast. The Intel's good. I trust his mock draft stuff. I like our ringer draft guys too. Like I just feel like, as you know, I don't watch a ton of college football and I'm diving into this and trying to grab all these opinions and get a feel for the tears of the draft, all that stuff. But it's pretty interesting draft this, this Genty could go to the right team and it sounds like he could just be incredible right away or he could be trapped behind some shit offensive line.


But it really does. It is fun when these running backs can come in right away and be like one of the four or five best guys in the league coming outta the gate outta nowhere. There's, you know, my, my thing with the pats, and I'll probably say this five more times in the pod this week, but like if you have the fourth pick, I feel like you have to get a blue chipper. You just have to, it's too high of a pick. You can't be like, we like this left tackle. He has a chance to be the 17th best left tackle of the week. Like I need to get somebody who's like an impact fucking dude. And we'll see what happens. Need the giants to make a mistake basically. Anyway, you'll be covering this on Tuesday, on on Thursday as well. I'm sure I'll be talking about as well at least on Tuesday.


Illa great to see. We're Friday. Yeah, we're gonna do, you're going Friday? Oh, after round one. Okay. Good to see you on this YouTube live. Thanks to Sir Rudy and Ga as well. Thanks to everybody who watched and threw some stuff in the chat. I kept going in there to grab, try to grab some stuff, but it was like scrolling fast. It was hard to follow. But we will see you in a couple days. All right. That's it for the podcast. Thanks to Chris Sutton. Thanks to Geha. Thanks to Sir Rudy. And don't forget new rewatch, what's coming on Monday night. We did Minority Report. Don't forget Zach Lowe's first playoff podcast. He's gonna be taping on Monday morning with Howard Beck. So it'd be a nice little bookend to this one.


And we also have the group chat guys on Ringer BA. They're going on Sunday morning. So we try to stagger this so we'll have something going every little bit so pods aren't overlapping. And then we have Ringer NBA show. We have Logan and Raja, we have that going as well. We have the mismatch with Jacoby and Verna. We have Ringer Gambling show, we have stuff covered all different ways. JJ on New York. New York, Brian Barrett on Off the Pike. So we're here. NBA playoffs, favorite time of the year. NFL Draft coming as well. MHA show, ringer L Draft Show MHA is in la. Bunch of great stuff. So great week for us. Hope you enjoy all the content. I'll see you in this podcast on Tuesday.


Must be 21 plus and President Select states for Kansas. An affiliation with Kansas Star Casino are 18 plus and President DC gambling problem. Call 100 GAMBLER. Visit rg help.com. Call 1 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org/chat in Connecticut. Or visit md gambling help.org in Maryland. Hope is here. Visit a gambling helpline ma.org or call 803 2 7 50 50 for twenty four seven. Support Massachusetts. Or call 1 8 7 7 8 Hope ny. Or Text Hope NY in New York.