
This episode is brought to you by Uber Eats. Summer is here and you can now get almost anything you need for your sunny days delivered with Uber Eats. What do I mean by almost? Well, you can't get a well-groomed lawn delivered, but you can get chicken Parmesan delivered a day in the sun. No, a bottle of rum. Yes, Uber Eats can definitely get you that get almost, almost anything delivered with Uber Eats. Order now for alcohol. You Must be legal drinking age. Please enjoy responsibly. Product availability varies by Region C App for details.


The Bill Simmons Podcast is brought to you by State Farm.


We are also brought to by The Ringer Podcast Network where I have a new re watchable that went up on Monday. We did die hard with a vengeance. It was super fun. It was me and Ben Lathan and Chris Ryan, and I think I had multiple big mistakes in this one. It's hard to host before, before you, you lump too much vitriol at me. It's hard to host. Sometimes you make mistakes. You're trying to do nine things. And I said then diehard two, the airport was Chicago and it was Washington. I knew this because I did the diehard two re Washables. Obviously I knew it was Washington, but that's the thing. You had moving parts.


So I screwed up. And then I think, what's that? That song at the beginning of diehard too. I called it Hot Time Summer in the City or something. Listen, I'm in my mid fifties now. I'm gonna have a couple doozies every episode now it's just part of the package. Next re watchable will be, It lasts one for New York City Month. I'm gonna tell you the movie now. So you have a couple days to watch it. It's pretty obscure, but it's also pretty well known and and renowned. And it is the definition of an eighties cult movie. It is directed by Martin Scorsese. It's called After Hours. And there's great stories and all kinds of anecdotes about how this movie got made, why, why it didn't hit, and then how it eventually grew.


So that is, and it is the ultimate nighttime New York City movie. So that's, It lasts one. You have five days to watch it. It's, I think you gotta rent it, but it's, you can rent it anywhere. It's like four bucks. So after hours will be, It lasts one on Monday. Coming up on this podcast, Joe House and J Kyle Mann are gonna come on to recap the 2025 NBA draft, which which had the potential to be an A plus and be incredible and have all kinds of comedy and craziness. Pretty chalk for a while. And then it got goofy and I can't wait to talk about it. So it's all next. We're gonna take a break. We're gonna bring him Pearl Jam and then house j Kyle Mann, NBA draft Coming up.


This episode is presented by State Farm. It's no secret that great teams need great teammates. I've been saying this for years. And when it comes to Insurance State Farm is there to help you find the right coverage for your home car and more whether you need an in person or digital assist. Ready when life hits you with a full court press, get a plan that helps fit your life. Talk to State Farm today. State Farm with the Assist coverage options are selected by the customer. Availability and eligibility vary by state.


We're live. Yeah, Joe House is here. I'm Bill Simmons. We are live after pick 28 of the NBA draft. I waited to see who the Celtics were gonna take and they took a Hugo, we were growing up. There was Hugo Hugo's were a car that we made fun of. And now the Celtics have a a pick that doesn't seem like it can shoot. I didn't do a lot of Hugo studying. Anyway. House, this was the Cooper flag draft. This was the San Antonio took Dylan Harper. And I really wanna know how him and dear and Fox are gonna coexist draft. This was the, I can't wait to see what happens at three, but I think it's gonna be VJ Edgecombe draft.


And that's what happened. This was the where the Ace Bailey going draft, whereas where you came in, your beloved Washington Wizards, the former bullets, ACE Bailey seemed like he wanted to come either play for your team or Brooklyn. You getting a little, you get a little ace in your pocket. And then Utah, Danny an who's like, ACE doesn't wanna play here, he's literally announced he doesn't wanna go to Utah. Danny Ange is like, I'm Danny Ange, I do whatever the hell I want. And he takes him, he grabs him from you. Were you bumped God damnit Danny Angel. I mean Bill Simmons, I was preparing to come on, I was gonna pop a bubble.


There was the, there was two scenarios under which I was gonna pop a bottle and pop a bubble. I was gonna do both. One was Mal watch. That was my preferred pick for Washington. Yeah. But over the course of today, I got so many incoming messages from folks in the know and around the team. And you know, this Ace Bailey thing is legit. It's not a joke. It really could be him arriving in Washington saying, wait a minute. It's not an often that Washington is on the receiving end of some, you know, whatever. Misjudgments or, or, or whatever was driving the potential for Ace Bailey to, to drop a, a superstar by all regards, in terms of this draft, this draft class talent.


Yes. The way that everybody was sizing this thing up, a top three selection by every single measure falling to six. I got so excited. And then Danny Ain did a Danny Ain thing. He just did the smart thing And that was it. Well, you, you've set up the right way to evaluate it, which was so often Washington is on the receiving end, do.dot. And it's the receiving end. You get it rammed right in your rectum. That's Happened. Oh no, It was a rectum. I Wouldn't go that far. No, I mean this prepared for this. No, because we're kind of prepared for this outcome because a lot of the chatter, ACE was never a reality until It lasts 24 hours or so.


He became More, but you, come on, you were taking tantalizing. I know how disappointed you're, you were more than Tantalized. I tantalized I was tantalized. I, like I said, I was ready to pop a bubble. I mean, pop a bottle, both of them right up until the, I mean, I did have chills, I will say sitting in the moment. It's like, is this potentially a franchise altering moment for me? I just like, no, no, of course not. Well, there were five, five legit ESPN top 100 2024 recruiting class blue chippers in this draft, plus Kniple, who I think rose up and everybody loved him too. Sure. Ace was the wild card. I read everything. I sent you a long article that somebody wrote.


I think the Newark Star Ledger had a feature. I don't know what to make. He, he's combining like 40 things. We've been following basketball for so long. 40 red flags just sh strewn all over the place. And yet he's just so talented. And this is, you know, that we've seen these guys over and over again. It's like the Michael Beasley syndrome where you, you just like, I know there's red flags here, but wow, is this guy talented? And he ends up going second in the draft. Danny, knowing Utah has all of these draft picks, all of these pieces, and yet doesn't have, like the guy, you have to take a swing at some point and he's, they take a swing.


I think the thing with Ace, if you're taking him at five, worst case scenario, he is trade bait for a bigger trade. Right? If you're, if you're trying to get somebody awesome, that's a centerpiece kind of guy. And that was why I thought I was really surprised. I mean, we'll go into some of the stuff Brooklyn did, but you know, if, if Brooklyn I think is one of the teams that would have a chance for Giannis down the road, I just want somebody who can be at number eight who can be in that Giannis trade and, and not take the, the project from BYU who most people had in the 14 to 20 range. We'll talk about that when Kyle Mann gets here. But I'd like the, I really thought that was the right pick for Utah. Take the asset, worry about it later.


What's he gonna do? Not play in the NBA. What's he gonna sit out? He was also draft for need. Like, they need that, that dynamic playmaking, they need, you know, that, that back court help and pairing him with Walter Clayton. I mean, Bobby Marks couldn't contain, he popped a bubble on TV ready to give Utah the, you know, the, the lead position in best draft through, you know, the, the the first 20 picks or so. Well that was nice that Clayton went 18 because normally the g norm in the history of the draft, that's the guy who usually goes 33, 34. And we're like, all right, that's stupid. Kniple iss the guy who goes like 15th because they, they start talking themselves out of like his athleticism on defense.


It seems like people for the most part are getting better at where these guys would go. And then the Nets are like, hold, hold my beer. And they start doing, they start doing their stuff. Well now I'm interested in, you know, part of the quiet, you know, things that Smart Utah does in the background is sign Will Hardy to an extension that goes through 2031. And I wanna see these kids with Will Hardy in this five out offense. I wanna see You think they gotta sign a therapist for him now because Ace might be a handful. Ace, ACE has like his support team. There's like the agent who's not certified to be an agent. Anytime there's a, you have an agent who's not actually certified to be the agent.


I get nervous. Is That the guy company nuts who wanted, wanted a hundred dollars to appear on television? Was it that, dude, It's, there's there's some stories, Allegations. Allegations that have been made. You know, people can always change their support team as they get older and good point more established. Speaking of that, very quick aside, you know who changed his support team? Who You heard this? Zion Williamson. He did New agent look up his new agent. Yeah. Did he hire a chef? Oh man. I mean, you know, he can get, he, he doesn't need a chef. They, they have ozempic out there now. I i, we, we gotta save New Orleans for Kyle.


I, I agree. But we're Just talking about representation. Well, when you and I go to dinner and there's some entree or so thing in the restaurant, you have to try and sometimes it'll be on the, on the table with a bunch of different plates and you're like, I'm not gonna touch that yet. I'm saving it. I'm gonna have that. The potatoes grotton, they're famous for it. I'm not gonna have it yet. I'm gonna wait. I'm gonna eat all these other things. That's New Orleans today. Great. New Orleans is the potatoes grotton, it's the house specialty. Don't eat it yet. They're so it's over here. Have it on the side of the table, then we'll get a big spoonful of it later. But the Utah, yeah, Danny getting Ace Bailey with the fifth pick when it seemed like they had thrown their season away, right?


They're in this tank fest, comes down to It, lasts day, and then they drop all the way to five, your team drops all the way to six and you guys still got blue chip players like Trey Johnson. I don't know what he is ultimately, I was saying Illa on Sunday, he's like the greatest version ever of like those Eddie House sharpshooter type guys. He's way better than obviously. Sure. But you know, I'm not sure he will be finishing around the rim that much for you and I don I don't know. Yeah, I don't know where it goes, but I do think he's one of those, you're texting your friends like, oh my God, Trey's getting hot. Trey has eight threes in the second quarter. He's one of those guys. I hope that's true. I hope that's true. I mean, Washington finished almost 25 points behind Oklahoma City in net rating, which really seems almost is that impossible?


Almost impossible. 25 points. Yes. Washington was negative 12 point something and Oklahoma City was positive. 12 points. Damn near 25 points behind in Washington. Congratulations. That's Great. In bottom, bottom four in, in by almost all defensive metrics and bottom two and almost all offensive metrics. So you take the best available and Washington, you know, just bereft of any kind of threat on offense from both, both the two ball and, and the three ball. So Trey, welcome the ability to shoot And see Jim Collar welcome. How long is he gonna be here?


Why are you laughing? At least a year. He'll be here a year. That'll be fine. Profession score. I like him and he is gonna come in and be a good mentor to these kids. I mean it's, it's the, the reason that I was bummed that Valentino got got traded. He was a good mentor to the kids. Cj you know, leader of the union guy. He he'll be a very good mentor. Yeah. Leader of the union. Great. CBA, they pulled off there with the, the, he gave the league a hard cap. Nobody has any free money. Nice job. Yeah, you have Marcus smart too. I think it's funny that they're putting together the 2017 Celtics, the team that broke your heart in Washington's last great Play on mean with Kelly Lin. Oh, Lin and Marcus. Smart. Maybe we get Avery Bradley back.


You might, you might have it. I like to Tre Johnson picks. So I'm gonna start in order in the top and I'll really try to save New Orleans for when Kyle gets here. But Dallas Cooper flag goes one, they show the, the war room. There are some great war room videos today. None, none better than Brooklyn celebrating over and over again after they took you at another point card. Just wild celebrations. But they, they show Nico Harrison, he looks like he's FaceTiming somebody and the whole war room and he is just grinning like a madman. And you think like, I know we've talked about this a million times, but they trade Luca Duch and it's the worst craziest sports trade, at least in this decade.


It's one of the craziest NB trades ever. And they end up with Anthony Davis and Max Christie in 2029 first and Cooper Flag. And just fundamentally, it's a trade you would make. I'm not saying it was their intention, but the way it worked out, like they showed all these Dallas fans going to watch the draft, like the Dallas fans are now sucked back in the Cooper flag. Buzz is nuts. And it's like all the stink from that trade is gone. It's incredible. It's an incredible turn of events. Not for me. So Incredible that you had some suspicions about was not for me. Yeah, not for, it's not all washed away for me. Yeah, you used the word sucked. I could tell you right now. I I I, well I won't say what I really think.


Yeah, we're, we're live. We're live. We're live. Save it For texts, save it, save it for our tech story with Jacobi and Veno. Yeah. Which which is, which is on fire NC 17. Yeah. Anyway, so that, so Dallas, it all works out and they're doing great. Great. Congratulations. And they're, they're in a conference where there's some, some stinko teams that just seem like they're flailing, right? Like Utah's not gonna be good next year. Sacramento doesn't know what the hell they are, you know, San Antonio by taking Harper and not kind of moving all in, we'll see with Weby, but I don't think they're a guaranteed playoff named Phoenix who now has two centers.


We'll talk about that. No, they don't. They have more than two. Well they have, they still have Nick Richards for some reason they decided to acquire the Charlotte Horn. It's entire front corner. Right. I mean like in, in in less than than six months. Right. Charlotte's just trying to get rid of their centers and Phoenix is like, we'll take them. But there's my point is the West, which I think is deep at the top. I I do think there's some, there's some room on the bottom half maybe to maneuver around, which might be nice for, for the maps. We'll see with Kyrie, they sent Kyrie to a nice little extension. They're talking about hitting a point guard like a Dennis shooter, Chris Paul stopgap guy until Kyrie can come back. I heard Malcolm Brogdon and DeAngelo Russell.


Those were the names that I, that I saw hit the Wire. I liked your guy, the guys that you said better than, than either one of Brogden or or Russell DeAngelo Russell. Like really? I don't know Who wrote That. We're still gonna do this Saying somebody wrote it. No, I saw it too. I'm just like, that's that's your stop gap. Why not just get Chris Paul, just tell him four months you can retire in February or we'll buy you out. You can be on whatever team you want. I'll tell you, you from the gambling odds perspective. Yeah, I like the idea of where San Antonio's headed next season. More than I like the idea of where Dallas is headed next season. You mean just for pure over unders for wins.


Yeah. And, and and positioning for, for division and all that kind of stuff. Hmm. I'm see lemme have San Antonio. I'm gonna see if there's ways to bet on this. I know that there are Conference odds San Antonio, 17 to one Dallas, 20 to one. So your instincts were correct. Do tell. Interesting. See I think San Antonio, if they don't do anything else, it's, I think it's gonna be a little clumsy with all the guards. Could be. It's a lot of guard, a lot of guards who can't shoot. It's a team that's gonna take a little while to figure out what it is. But they also might be a trade team in January, February. I'm more bullish on Dallas than you because I think flag can be impactful immediately as a all around guy. I think he can play multiple positions.


Guard people defend the rim. I think there's a Gafford Anthony Davis Flag Frontline where they just sort of like watch this. So name that might actually be pretty interesting Name The, their best shot creator name, their best creator, Kyrie Irving, who's, who's working out every day and hoping to get his leg back to a hundred percent By when, I mean this is like the same enthusia Flag point enthusia forward. I'm gonna go ahead and, and and, and take a shot. Like it's the same enthusiasm I keep hearing for Stefan Diggs with the Patriots. When is he gonna play football? You know, why are we talking about Bring, bring up Terry McClaren out.


He's gonna got a giant contract. I mean he deserves it. Do you know OKC is plus one 30 to win the west next year? That feels like a Mahomes. MVP like layaway bet. I I literally had this, this conversation on East coast bias with the guys this week. The odds for them to win the title are plus two 20 and it's, that's too far. But I am gonna bet them at plus one 30 because what if this is the best value on them that you're gonna get the entire season if they come out the most Corollary. Yeah. Then just kick as take them on MVP ads right now at five to one. It's the best chin, best sides you're getting. It's possible. Well the funny thing is Houston's five to win. So Vegas got so excited by that Durant trade that I personally would not have Houston as the number two title team.


I agree. I understand The market, the wars Yet. Right. I understand the market and I understand why they are where they are, but I also want no part of betting on that. Let's see it, let me see a, a little bit. Now you go through in I think Minnesota, who is eight to one probably is the second best odds. There are Cooper flag odds by the way, For rookie, rookie of your Stuff, fan, they have, will he record a triple double at any game in 25, 26 is minus one 15. I think I would take that Minus I'm not laying odds. Triple double is hard. Can't get one triple double. Are they gonna make him point forward right away? Yeah. If we see that, if they, if that's what they show us.


If he's the creator, if if he's the playmaker they let him be the straw, then hopefully those odds will still be there and we'll we'll jump on 'em in, in in October. All right, we tangented. So Di Harper goes second to San Antonio. I still feel like there's a Darren Fox. I'm not, I'm not buying, I I hope Darren Fox is renting. I hope he is renting like Tony Parker's house. Wow. I hope he didn't buy a house in San Antonio. Wow. I just don't, I think Dylan Harper's too good. I don I don't, we've already seen Darren Fox try to juggle ball handling stuff with another really good guard. And his name was Tyrese Halliburton who they traded after a season and a half. I don't see those two together.


He's an expiring this year. Is that right? Well That, but there was always people thought there was a wink wink that they were gonna take care of him after, but and may Maybe so. But as, as we sit here right now, it's it's not in infeasible that he, he well They should trade him to Brooklyn. 'cause Brooklyn took three point guards and Danny Wolfe was a point center. Maybe they'll want D Fox trying to collect them. I'm fine with San Antonio saying, we don't know what we're doing yet. We're gonna give, we're gonna just throw these dudes out and look at it. But it was the right pick. Did you know, when did you find out Ron Harper was his dad? Oh, coming into the season. Yeah. Okay. Like we knew, we knew ahead of time.


I felt like it was underplayed. Like Ron Harper was a massive, massive part of a couple MJ Bulls title teams. He's a, like when, when we were in college and he was initially on the Cavs and then got, was in the Danny Fairy trade, went to the equippers and was just a really fun two guard and had a really, really good career. And it's just weird. I I felt like they could have spent two minutes on that, on the draft tell cast instead of all the other dumb shit they did, which we'll talk about later. I would've liked more of, of him with his brother Ron Harper Jr. I didn't forget about the dad. There's A lot of Har Harper stuff. I I was in any of the Harper subs.


Yeah. All right. Number three. This is where the draft got into the, although not really some time, not really that interesting to me because I predicted this a long time ago. VJ Edgecomb going to affiliate. Yeah, just a classic. Checked a lot of the Darrell boxes, Maxie Edgecomb and McCain as a young up and coming arrow pointing up back court. It's pretty nice. My question to you is, I thought that we might get some inkling of what direction Philadelphia might go in in terms of solving their identity crisis. And we did. We got nothing. We got them making the smart value pick. You know, the, the pure Daryl Morry pick, they still have an identity crisis that they, they need to solve for.


Right. I think they were open to every possible scenario with that pick and didn't get an offer that they loved and didn't see a reason to trade backwards, to pick somebody, didn't see a veteran, any of that stuff. I just think that it was what it was. And then you take the best guy and I think that's the guy he, Charlotte's taking him. If he's at four, Utah's taking him as if he's at five. So you gotta take him. I wonder there's an identity thing, which I think you're alluding to with Philly, where you're on this weird indeed timetable where I have no idea where he's playing. You're trying to contend you Paul George who's in his mid thirties now, who's at a weird point in his career. You have some veterans and then you have this really young back court of guys other than Maxie who haven't really been in big games yet or anything.


McCain was in high school 1, 2, 3 year, two years ago, three, two and a half years ago. And then you have lumbering Joel Embiid coming off eight surgeries, walking it up, playing, not playing. I just don't know what that team is house. And I know when we're doing over unders, that's gonna be one of the hardest ones to pick. We don't know how many games that Ed's gonna play. Is does he change his name to, if Joel Embiid stays healthy, is it we are officially at that point, does he have to do a name change? Well, The, the, the question I have, speaking of, are we to this point, will the mark, will the books even offer a number for Philadelphia? I mean, Like a win total.


Yeah. It feels like you just play the under whatever it is. It could be 46, it could be 36, it could be 29. So What would you bet it at all? Right, let me, I'll throw a couple over under Zach out. So now we know who's on their team. Basically they, they, we'll see if they can bring back Grimes and I don't think they can bring back Yaba 42 and a half. Did you go over or under, Under, You have to bet it. The Problem is they're in the east, so You'd go under 42 and a half for the Sixers 42 and 40.


I think I'd go under two. It's, I mean, it's Impossible. It's a, like, it's a more likely scenario that Indeed has more injury problems and they decide to basically just go with the youth and, you know, but They, they get the benefit of, I Wouldn't embed it either way. Charlotte, Brooklyn and Washington still in the east, none of whom did anything. That's to, to push themselves into any kind of contending position by way of this draft. And I can't imagine any of those three teams doing anything in free agency to tilt that. They're still, You Don't think Brooklyn pushed themselves? They They got seven ball handlers.


Yeah, They, they think, they think the league next year is gonna have multiple basketball in game. They're hoping They, they could play at, at Rucker. That's where they push themselves.


This episode is brought to you by HubSpot. Growing a business. It could feel impossible, but HubSpot's customer platform I promise can help you. It's powered by a suite of AI tools called Breeze. So you can generate more leads, close more deals, and scale your service fast with Breeze agents handling the busy work. Customers are cutting sales cycles in half and saving hours on work each week. Best of all, you can see results in days, not months. Visit hubspot.com/ai to learn more.


Come and we deliberately saved everything after pick three for you. Although we did talk about Ace Bailey going to Utah so quickly. IW we were, the thing we both said was like, Danny Anes could give zero fucks if somebody's like, yeah, I don't really wanna play in Utah. He's going for the talent. You must have loved the fit of a Bailey going to Utah. Yeah, I think it, I think it makes sense. I mean he's, he's he's somebody, if he embraces playing, this has always been the thing for me. If he embraces life off ball in the short term, he's gonna make a lot of hay in that offense. I think he makes a whole lot of sense. So yeah, I mean once he gets out there, I mean I think that's kind of everybody's experience with Utah as you hear things and everything and like I was joking with Zach about like, that place is changing.


I made a whole fucking video about it, about it. It is different than people think. And you get out there and you hear weird things about the liquor laws. It's like, it's not that weird. It's like, it's a place that's really changing and yeah, I mean they needed shooting and the fact that they had access to him at that spot, you get the, you get the upside of the star stuff and I think Will Hardy's gonna be a great mentor for him? I think Will Hardy's gotten to the point where he's earned that credibility where you just, you think anybody's gonna be better with him? 'cause he is such a good coach. They told Ace like Ace, if You don't think Salt Lake City is that much fun, you gotta watch the show in Hulu. The moms of TikTok, whatever that show is, watch Mormon, watch the Mormon wi try to make me watch that. Just skip this like five hours fun city.


Just For the record, I did not watch that House. You're missing out Edgecomb to Philly. That was the most likely pick. It does put the team on two separate timetables. And my guess is like if McCain would be the greatest third guard possible, right? He's probably severely overqualified as his career goes up and up to be a third guard. But you could also, you could do the Indiana thing, play three guards together. I like the flexibility gives him, I just have no idea how they make sense with MBI was the other topic we talked about. I get the sense that there is maybe more quiet sort of shifting of there are people who, who have quiet confidence that McCain could legitimately have a chance to be as good or better than Maxie.


I know that might seem crazy. Oh wow. So I wouldn't be surprised if this, if in the short term I agree with you on the, the, it makes at, at first when I was thinking about Edgecombe and those two guys, I was just like, that's dissonant. That kinda makes my head hurt. I don't see how that's gonna work. Maybe they're a little small, but Eds go is six five. I think if you take the pressure off of him to be a highly productive handler in the short term, you can get some of the benefit of some of the things that he adds. Like the spacing and the, you just unleashed this crazy athlete. Or was it, was it the Clippers that unleashed like Bledso with that team back in like 2010 and you every once in a while he'd just do something crazy. Yeah, I I think it's gonna be a low stakes role like that for him. You evaluate how it plays out. If McCain improves a whole lot, maybe you shift once this immediate title conversation is kind of sied a little bit and then you make a decision going forward and then Edgecom can be a big part of your thinking.


What did you just say? Immediate title conversation. What title? Let me add a word. Hypothetical. Yeah. Well I don't even know if that does go far Or enough. It, it was the on paper, on paper title. It's, I know what title. It's the Saber metric. If you put a season on a computer Title. I know what title? The worst contract in the NBA title. They have two of the top three. They have two of the top three. That's a title. Bradley Beal like, sorry, sorry. You're not grabbing the number one spot as long as I'm here. It's named the whole, the whole thing's named for him. Yeah, we might have to do that with Woz next year. His name it the, the Bradley Beal Memorial Worst contract Draft because I think it's the single one.


Con goes to Charlotte at number four. We could see this one coming for a while. Perfect offensive fit. We got to meet the five Kniple brothers enjoyed that. And as, as much as I am excited to watch this team on offense, boy there's gonna be some trouble on defense guys. This is not gonna go great. I don't know. The only problem on d on offense when you're playing Charlotte is you have no idea who to hunt. There's just too many options. It's like paralyzing Kyle that could, Where we go could work for their advantage. Yeah, they just, in their excitement, they, they get indecisive and then Charlotte scores a bunch of points. That's, that's one philosophy, right? I mean you and I were joking earlier about, I mean hypothetically, who would you have to have at the four and five spot to make this a defense that could keep its head above water?


I think you'd have to bill, have Bill Russell. You'd have to have Anthony Davis. You'd have to have, I don't know man, it's, that's tough sled. There's gonna be a lot of who's playing Center? Who plays senator for Charlotte? All Mark Williams. All they're all on Phoenix now. I Don Dunno, after Mark Williams, Charlotte was just aggressively trying to trade for him and the Lakers backed out of his physical even though they needed a center. And now Charlotte is again shopping him in June. I would just be really nervous acquiring Mark Williams. This team's just like, Hey, how about Mark Williams? Any interest you like them? And somehow they ended up getting a first, the, I think They got the 29th pick and then a future first, which wasn't nearly as good as the one New Orleans gave up.


We're not ready to talk about that yet. We will talk about this first New Orleans pick though, Jeremiah fierce at number seven. Where did you have, how, how high Kyle, how much higher did you have Trey Johnson than Jeremiah fears? Just in your head, mentally from a ceiling standpoint, if Trey Johnson goes 20 floors, how high were the, how, how many floors did the Jeremiah fears building go? I mean this was, this was one that I was off consensus on. I mean, I had fears at 20 in our final big board. It's a tricky conversation because on the one hand I do acknowledge and see how, well, to answer your question, I mean I had Trey at four Trey Johnson for just, 'cause I thought the simple, like the simple propositions of him, even if his star upsides don't play out, this is a dude that you're just gonna be able to throw like a freaking like, you know, pinball around an offense and just make him run.


He, if he, if he, that's another guy. If he dedicates himself to just being a marathon man in offense and just setting screams and running around, it'll work. But Jeremiah fears, he definitely is like arguably the most like electric like, you know, ball handler in this class. Like he can get in the pain. He's very smooth. He has a nice gate to his game. But the data just says, I had this written down here. There are some sites that sort of compile statistics across all event types. Going back to like the earliest stuff that they've done. And I was looking at fears and you know, from sample to sample you can kind of argue this way or that and be like with Liam McNeely be like, I've seen him shoot the ball in the past. I don't trust this one with fears.


It's been pretty consistent. He overall on their database is 28.4%. That goes back to 2021. I feel like that's the type of shooter he is. So if you're gonna trust that, that guy's gonna be a load bearing decision maker. You're just already kind of encountering problems. And then you go ahead and combine that with the fact that he has a lot of defensive questions. Granted, he's young, he is got a lot to learn. The combination of those two things just make me really queasy. So I had a hard time going seven there. I had a hard time thinking of reaching for him there. I he's one of those guys that you're like, I like him but not at that spot. And that's kind of how I felt about him at seven. That's how I felt Joe House did the most homework on him because he was worried the wizards were gonna take him at six.


How Worried house is that where you landed house? No, no. I I, I wouldn't even really countenance that, that outcome. I didn't think he, he's he's, he's not very big and, and it doesn't make sense for Washington to have a, a not very big point guard. Six two, you know, barely. Not even 180. How about six two and not a good three point shooter Seems like a recipe for disaster. Yes. Like I like who, who are the dudes that the, the smaller ball handling can't hit? Threes guards that you can even think of at this point.


And if you're gonna be like that, you have to be like a really great two-way player, which I don't think he is. I, you know, he's 18, he's a project. Who knows. And when you read this stuff, he's definitely, they made a point of saying this in the draft. He's one of those I'll remember every guy that got taken ahead of me. He's one of those guys. He played football and baseball all the way I think through high school. Like he's a great athlete. What do you The shooting makes me really nervous though for if it was the 13th pick. I get it. But seventh in a draft a I think we all thought was pretty deep. It's, it's, that's a little scary. Yeah, I he, to be fair to him in that was six two and a half barefooted.


He'll be six four functionally on the court. Six. Okay. Five and a quarter wingspan. But he just, Yeah, he's a good decision at Maker at the, when he sees like that first read, when the defense is loaded to one side or another, he's not a hog. He'll get off the ball. And he did lead a, a competent team in the toughest, you know, if you're gonna apologize for him. He did lead a team to the tournament and had a good showing in end gaming against Yukon in the first round as, as a young player. So, but the guys that I kind of pulled that statistically flagged as similar to him were Kete George, hold your nose. Killian Hayes, Jalen Green and other, his g his G League sample was similar.


And then Jayden Ivy, if you wanna feel good, if you wanna say, but he, you know, Jayden Ivy was different size. Yeah. More. Yeah. Those, those are not the same type Of, yeah. So it's just kind of I'm with you. It's, I'm, I'm, I'm a little concerned about him being like a heavy, heavy decision maker for me. I, once we got out of the top six, which I thought was pretty established, that was the tier. And then I thought fears was, was below I, the guy I liked the most was Malach. I just feel like he is not worried about him being in a, a competent NBA center who might actually be a lot better than that. And that was the guy house wanted at six if Ace Bailey didn't drop there and he ends up falling all the way to 10 and you know, I, and I'm writing down on my notes not to skip over Brooklyn and Toronto at eight nine, but I'm writing down on my notes.


These are my notes in as it's happening ish. Bia exclamation point. He's back Green Brooks and mileage for KD isn't bad. That was my next note. Oh wait, they're also trading for Mark Williams. Why? It all happened in like three minutes house. I understand. It's like, oh wait, wait, what are you guys doing? And they traded the 29th pick, which they actually needed this year. 'cause it's not like they have a shit load of depth and then a 29 first that is not, not their own pick. But I don't, I just don't understand why you would have Mark Williams and Malach. What's the point of having both of those guys off? I, I, I don't know.


I have no idea outside Of it. Well, They're different. I mean they're both lob threats. They're both limited offensive players. The scheme versatility is the one thing that you can kind of twist because for now Mal watch is a little heavier on drop coverage and you know, Williams will give you a little bit more of that. Get out, sit down, switch a little bit. And he is a little older and he'll be a little more ready in the short term because Mal watch is just so young, you know, I mean like he's, he's fast so Maybe he doesn't play for two years. So that might be the thinking. That'd be be Great Devin Ker be 30 by that point. Makes sense. We got years to burn, right? Yeah, he's fine. It's not going anywhere. He's committed to the team. We had a weird thing with that pick where they just can't get this right And I thought of a great suggestion when, 'cause Houston trades that pick to Phoenix in the Durant trade.


We all know that's the trade. They have to do the draft and then have Houston pick him because the trade can't be official until July 6th house. Why can't they just say Houston has traded the number 10 pick to Phoenix for future considerations. Phoenix is now on the clock at 10 and just say way afterwards, here's what the trade is. Instead of doing this fucking charade with the Houston hat and, and then you're watching the draft and it's like Brooklyn's picking, but it's actually Memphis and now, now it's Memphis Pi. No, this is Portland's pick. But like what are they doing? How is this where we landed with the NBA draft?


One of our favorite nights? Well, I want to go backwards One step, which is to complain in this direction. Why is the draft tonight? What possible explanation after the season ends on Sunday night? It, why isn't it at a minimum Thursday at a minimum? I don know like as, as we go into the weekend, as folks you know have, have discharged their weekly obligations and are ready to focus on the sporting world. They Got scared there for a second Discharged. Yes, I know. I was worried. Real fight up here that we're headed to turn a neuro massage our first neuro massage show. No, no. Don't even ready for a draft party ready for a draft party on a Thursday night.


Let us catch our breath. Yeah, I'm exhausted. I couldn't agree Withed, I mean I'm, I'm not just, I expect I wanted to be drunk. I told Simmons JKM that if we got either Ace Bailey or Malach, that I was gonna pop the bottle and be ready. But since that didn't happen, I'm honestly drunk on exhaustion because of, you know, going straight from the finals Sunday evening into Monday trying to process it. But you're still trying To process the, the, the Halliburton injury. The title couldn't Even crack open a light lager for Trey Johnson. He doesn't What level of buzz somebody? I agree that's at least like a nice heavy alcohol high.


IPA That's a high noon. That's a high noon And bus. That's like a pineapple high noon. How's, is he the best shooter you've had since you became the Wizards or is there a better one? Bradley Beal's a much better shooter. Bradley be, could think could shoot his ass off. He, he led the league in scoring is his, his there was some early education. Im talking, I'm not talking score Victory High. I'm not talking score. I'm talking Well, lemme tell You a score. Yeah. Shooter. Go back and look at the comps for Bradley Bial early in his career, he was on a Ray Allen Ark. I'm not kidding. Yeah, You're right at the 2017 playoffs. He was really good. Yeah, you're right. Early, early.


He didn't get, he didn't get to the Ray Allen. But I'm just saying like the comps were were there for the quality of of of shooter that b this is before He racked up a body count of murdered suns van. That's before he killed the fan base of a million million Phoenix Suns lovers.


This episode is brought to you by Michelob ULTRA. Cracking open a cold one on a hot summer day is one of the best feelings. But it's even better when it feels like you earned it. Like in a friendly little competition. It's always better when there's something worth playing for in Michelob ULTRA superior light beer is a pretty great prize. Hmm. I would, I mean, I would be all tennis for Michelob ULTRA because that's what I do all summer because tennis is an actual sport unlike pickleball. So tennis, doubles, singles, whatever. Let's play for an ultra, fill your fridge with Michelob ULTRA this summer@doordash.com. Enjoy responsibly copyright 2025 Anheuser-Busch Michelob ULTRA Light Beer St. Louis, Missouri.


This episode is brought to by LinkedIn. During the season, every baseball team plays 162 games. It's a true test of endurance. It's not enough to have a hot month or two. You need sustained dominance throughout. While the same is true for your small business, it's not enough to have a great Q2 or even a great year. You want year over year growth that starts with better hires. That'll be there for the long haul to find those hires. Use LinkedIn. LinkedIn has strong hiring data and insights that you won't find anywhere else to help pair you with the best candidates from unique skills and interests that the connections you have in common. Based on LinkedIn data, 72% of small businesses say that LinkedIn helps them find high quality talent. LinkedIn also lets you go beyond people who are actively applying in a given week. 171 million LinkedIn members aren't actively seeking jobs, but they are open to new opportunities. That's a big pool to miss out on. If you're not hiring with LinkedIn, find your next great hire on LinkedIn. Post your job for free at LinkedIn dot com slash simmons. That's LinkedIn dot com slash simmons to post your job for free terms and conditions apply.


This episode is presented by State Farm on the basketball court. The best players know when to pass and off the court. You still need teammates who are there when accounts. That's where State Farm comes in with agents to help you find coverage that's right for you. You can focus on what really matters, whether that's hitting game winners or just getting through the day like a good neighbor. State Farm is there. State Farm coverage options are selected by the customer. Availability and eligibility vary by state.


Okay. The eighth and ninth pick. So the draft's going great. Every, it's going chalk basically. I didn't really have a problem with any pick and I'm like, whoa, this is gonna be a pretty boring podcast tonight. Nobody's gonna do anything stupid. And then the dump teams just come flying in. It's like they arrived late. It was like, wait, what's that? I hear a horn. Is that, oh, somebody's pulling the parking lot. Oh, it's the dumb teams. Hey, it's Brooklyn. Hey New Orleans, man, we're here. Sean Mark is like, oh, hold on, hold on, hold the driving in a Hugo, It's definitely a trick horn of some kind. Yeah. And they take the BYU kid number eight, who I thought was more likely he fell into the twenties.


I, I Kyle like try to make the case here. Why you would take him at eight. I'll say the positives. Okay. He is probably the most talented ball screen reader, like reader of reads. He, he and creative passer manipulation wise. Like he can see, he can see the first help defender. He can see the second the in tertiary, whatever it is. He can manipulate those things really, really, really well. Can make any pass with either hand. And he's big. I mean, I think he's the most creative passer in this draft. He's a smart kid. I interviewed him on our show. I was very impressed with how aware he was of his challenges, which are, he has a high center of gravity.


He's very skinny at this point. He is not a threat to hit dribble pull. He back rimmed a huge percentage of his, of his threes. I don't know if that's some kind of mechanical thing that they can figure out. I'm not a shot doctor. I know they work with a really smart shot doctor. We'll see. But then I guess the other thing is that he wasn't great in the paint either. And he is gonna get attacked defensively. People are gonna play through his chest. But I mean the nets are interesting because, wait, So hold on. So you're saying can't really shoot, he's gonna get attacked defensively and also not really that good in the paint. That's n too skinny. He is skinny. I don't know how much stronger He'll get. Sounds sounds like a win. But look, he, here's the thing.


The, the comps and JKMU did the writeup for The Ringer draft. These, these, these comps belong in the top 10 of, of a draft of a draft. Sean Livingston and Josh Giddy. Those are, those are like, those are competent basketball players. Shades of those guys. Chevys of those Guys. The biggest bubble is Sean Livingston. It's true. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, living the Idea was drafted by Washington. You put Denny in this mix. Judge Denny was a top 10. Pick Your bite your tongue on Sean Livingston. Pre-injury shy. Sean Livington was awesome. He's outrageous. It's more like stage like reform point guard. I can't be the primary guy.


Okay. Can I give you comp? I didn't release my player comps, but mine was Yaroslav cor Love the Clippers. 2012. First had to watch him for a couple years and see you guys didn't remember who it was. No. Number 12. Pick in the draft. Yeah. It's like, oh, he does all, eh, it's like, what does he do? Yeah. No, he's, I didn't like the pick at all. May listen. I'm happy to be wrong. I'm happy to, I'm sure if he's awesome this clipbook get cut out. I'd be like, oh, you got one wrong. I just, I number eight, I just know it's a pure No, It was high. I mean, it's an interesting theme. I wrote about this in our grades that we put up that the nets clearly were following a theme of rolling the dice on creators.


I don't think they expected Wolf to be there where he was, but they took Raf who has a similar profile, you know, a big, but he's a little different. He's a different side of the coin there. Where he's very, I I put this in in the grades also. He's, he's one of the main guys in the, in this class that fall under the, one of my favorite distinctions, which is he has some shit to him. He is, he's just an aggressive player that might make give him a better chance to succeed than Yor. I don't know. I doubt it. I I just think if you shift Yor to an off, 'cause 46% of his touches were, were picking rolls this past year. That is insanely high. He had a huge demand on him to, to create for BYU. And I think if you put him with other creators and he's shooting off the catch a little more roaming in the seams of an offense with that passing ability.


There are paths for, for it to work, I think. Yeah. But it's an identity team. They took three guards. 'cause we didn't talk about the French kid at number 19, but they took three guards. Plus Danny Wolfe, who everybody's like, he's a point center. He needs the ball to, to, he needs the ball to thrive. So it's like, cool. You took a bunch of guys who need the ball to have any sort of success at all. Sounds like you did a I just, I don't get the nets and I don't get the Sean Marks thing at all. And I think he's probably a nice guy, but he's kept that job for a long time and I just don't, I don't get it. I don't see it. I don't understand why you would want five first round picks in the same draft. We see teams do this, all that. How many house? We're fucking old now. How many times have, we've seen a team put too many young guys together and then a year later they're like, Hey, last year we had too many young guys.


We gotta get some vets. Wow. It was so stupid to have all those young guys. Oh. I mean, I'm living through it right now. We, we drafted three in the, in the 2024 draft. Yeah, But you went and got Marcus Smart and Chris Middleton. Okay. You got some adults to be near them. Okay. All right. Well, and and crucially been a due to Jordan Pool. Wished I wish the best of luck to Jordan Pool who actually had a fine season last year. You like Jordan Pool, don't you? This is like, I, well I intensely, he's a guy in college just pretending he doesn't like the girl at the party that he keeps leaving. But you like Jordan Pool. I Intensely disliked him when he arrived and, and the married. But you ended up liking him. He, he found, they found a role for him. He found a role for himself.


But we're not here to talk about the Washington list. I didn't like what the Nets did at all. Toronto took Colin Murray Boyles leading Kendrick Perkins. I didn't know which telecast to watch. It was like, do I take this samurai sword and jam it into my temple or do I take this chainsaw and saw my leg off? I just, I just, I couldn't figure it out. Perk they took Colin Murray Boyles and Perk said they have the pieces and they could, they're top 16 in the east. And at that point I started looking for a third ESP channel, but there are only two covering the draft. There wasn't a third one, at least one that I couldn't find, but I didn't mind that pick.


And then Malo at 10 and then we had a trade and then the draft started getting really weird. Said for coward, Memphis moves up with Portland. Malika calls him Colin Coward, which was exciting. I thought Colin Coward got drafted for a second. They basically traded the 16 in Orlando's 28 first to move up five spots. Kyle, I didn't like this guy. This was one of my guys that I was kind of out on. Oh, okay. Because I feel like I had this zag, like I, I have to, I can't go through the draft and just like every guy, there's this one I just didn't get. But now Memphis traded up to get him and now I'm just gonna assume I'm wrong because Memphis is usually right with these guys.


And that with these, these dudes, they find they just have too high of a success rate. So I'm gonna take the loss. He hasn't even put an NBA game left. And I, I think I'm wrong. Don't, don't give up that easily. Dig in a little bit at least. Nah, I'm not digging in Memphis. Has they have way better track record? They like something. I don't see it, but they see something. What don't you, what are you worried about? I mean, can we just go itemize line by line here? What do you, what's your concern? The, so first Of, of all he's jib, Well, starts out, what was he, where did he go Freshman year? I'm trying, I'm blanking. I'm trying to remember. D three Willamette. Yeah. And kind of worked his way up Right. And peaked this year.


I just didn't feel like the athleticism was there in a way that would translate to the NBA, even though in college it looked fine. The stuff that, like those type of guys who succeed, I still feel like they, you have to be at a certain really high level, high level athletically to do all that stuff. And he was like, you could even see in college it felt like he was pushing it. So, I don't know, I might be wrong. Maybe Memphis, see some things that I didn't see. What did you see? The positivity that I would mix in is that I, I think his frame, which is like six, five and a half, you know, we've said this over and over again 'cause it's so damn impressive. But seven two wingspan, huge hands. He's built like a, like he's built, he's got a just capital T frame.


He's yeah. Got enormous shoulders. But I think that can lead people to think that he is in, he's some kind of nuclear incendiary, fly around pogo stick kind of athlete when really he's more of a, he is a good athlete, you know, I think he had like a 38 inch vert, but he has more like punish you with, with physicality in his game. He, he's not as much of a, he, he's, I wouldn't worry about that 'cause I think he's gonna be a lot more of a punish you with technique and physique type player. Because if you watch the way he developed, he's not like an on, like, he's not an off the dribble creator quite yet, but he's a pretty decent passer. But he would just punish dudes. There Was some back to the basket, like put the shoulder into the guy.


I don't know if that works in the same way in the pros. I don't think it works full time, but I think you're just kind of looking for creases and, and wrinkles in your game that you can exploit in different situations. And I think he has a lot of 'em. I mean, he was a catch and shoot player. I have this, my ledger here. He shot, we'll just say a, a, a gigantic amount of catch and shoot threes across. He was getting ready to ramp up and take a ton during this past year before he got hurt. Yeah. But he shot about 40% catch and shoot. So if he punishes mismatches, don't put a smaller guard on him. He's got a great mid-range game. He's long and athletic around the rim. I don't know. I, I like him. I think he's gonna be great with Evan Wells there in that offense. I Wanna take all those things and put 'em on Trey Johnson then I would be so psyched with, with that, those attributes on Trey Johnson at the sixth pick.


That's, I mean the, the combination, first of all, Willamette amazing Pinot, but going from, from from there to, to him landing in Memphis. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? Bs it, it shows that he's going to be competent on both ends. 'cause 'cause they don't, they don't typically draft, you know. Yeah. They have, Memphis has a type. Yep. And, and he's their type. And that three point shooting plus the physicality. That's, that's the recipe for, for a top 10 guy. So where you see him, you know, going 11 here, that's why he gets the nice b plus grade from JKM.


I won't say what Joe ha's type was back in the day, pre-marriage. But Joe has had a type two. He was much like Memphis, Lot of Joe House dating and drinking talk. This is, I'm glad To be there. Somebody breaks to the table in a Night. We're a live late night. I'm admitting defeat. I think, how about this? I think Cedric Howard's gonna be great on Memphis. I don't wanna take the loss on this, this next pick the bull. The Bulls took the 18-year-old. Say his name. I'm gonna mess it up. I'm not even gonna attempt it. Dengue Sge is what I've heard. He And I was cracking up there. Ding, dengue Fever 18. Priscilla was like dumping on him right before he got picked and he walked out Steam.


Oh my f was killing him. He said he quit on his, on his Euro team. But Chicago, it's a weird one. They, this is the kind of draft pick like Sam Presti is allowed to do. It's like we're, we're taking this kid. He's 18, he's a million years away from being anything. He's two years away from being two years away. And I'm gonna be here as the GM still when this happens. I can't say the Chicago Bulls GM has been like crushing it. So by the time, even if this pick hits, I don't even know if it'll be the GM at that point. But I thought this was really weird because we officially hit the point in this draft when I couldn't believe nobody had taken Derrick Queen. It just felt like, okay, he shouldn't have fallen out of the top 11 top.


Like, he's not gonna go 12 now we're gonna fall to 13. Hold that thought on Derrick Queen. But I just like, I, I just would've taken Derrick Queen if I'm Chicago. I kind of like their team. Like I, they like they have Cevi on an expiring, they don't really have any other big guy centers. Like he's this gifted offensive player that kind of fits in with the weird of offense they have. I think they need somebody like him. I just would've taken him. But would you think about that Pick Kyle? Well, speaking to what you're talking about there, when you think of like an OKC, I mean I think you're, you're kind of implying that an OKCs been great at this with their success. They've been able to slow roll these guys in a way that makes sense, right? It's sort of like this comes to mind just 'cause my son is doing it right now, like swimming lessons.


There are a lot of ways to approach this. It's like you could take it slow and get an instructor and, you know, move at their pace. Or you can just be one of those people who's just like, throws your kid in the pool and says, fucking figure it out buddy. That's kind of what I feel like is gonna happen here. But he's, he's somebody that I, I had a hard time grading that one just because I'm like, mock board's, always informed grades. And I'm like, I've been skeptical of a singa. You know, I I feel like he's an energy big who is sort of wearing a, I'm, I'm a big unrefined wing mask. And I'm like, I don't really know that he's ever gonna be efficient enough to justify being that type of player. I would be a lot, I would feel a lot better if he were like, I'm dedicated to, of course then you'd flip it and I'd say, oh, he can't shoot.


So it's kind of a, it's kind of a catch 22. But I don't know man, that that was one that I I'm with you. I didn't really understand. I would've, I would probably reach for Queen there. That was a look how smart we are. This 12 pick who might, might not make it. Who How's Queen is a DMV guy. So the only thing, and and we'll get to Queen soon enough that I guess I could see if I'm looking at it trying to be glass half full for Chicago, if they are gonna be a rim running team, right. If Bli and Giddy and Giddy is, is Playmaking and Kobe and this kid. Yeah. And this kid's just singularly go get to the rim, get to the rim, get to the rim.


Then there's a kind of logic to it. Okay. I'll accept that it fits in with their identity. I just don't like the pick. So I did like Derek Queen going to New Orleans and her trade at number 13. And then we found out what the trade was. This was when I lost my mind. I think I blacked out. I'm so glad the NBA can still give us these New Orleans trades up 10 spots so they can take Derrick Queen and they give up their unprotected 2026 first round pick swap that they have with Milwaukee where they have the favorable whatever the better pick is. They keep, they send that to Atlanta who had to be deliriously happy.


Like we only have to move down 10 spots and we get an unprotected. This was one of the five dumbest trades of this decade. I I was speechless. I just can't believe it. And who is it? It's our guy, Joe Dumars, who was so bad in the first half of the 2000 tens. He, I got so much column mileage from him. He finally got bounced from the Pistons, never got another job and then moved into the NBA and everybody in the NBA loved him. And he is a great guy by all accounts. And enough time passed that everybody forgot how bad of a GM he was down in the, and now he just traded away their unpredicted 2026 pick house.


They're in the west. What the fuck does he think's gonna happen next year? The, is he thinking they're gonna be a five seed? What is he doing? The hilarious thing, and this is what what we get to, to relish coming, going forward is they're, he they're, they're doing some kind of their version of 3D chess here. 'cause I think Zion is moving on. I think the point of Zion leaving CAA going over to Bill Duffy, there's a trade demand coming. Derek Queen is fits a specific needs, plays a specific role for them. And they were just like, this is, this is our plan. We have a plan, we're gonna acquire him and we can't, you know, let let the possibility they go that, that we don't get him for, for this, for this role.


Okay. So you're saying they're trading their best player, which will in inevitably make next year's team worse and they're not gonna have a pick after they trade that player. That makes sense to you. And a perceivably better drafts from, from what we understand. I I would you would Anticipate that any kind of Zion trade would include picks. I mean, is that reasonable? All right, so you're only defensive that trade is the hypothetical that Zion make it traded, which by the way would also then make them worse and they wouldn't have their pick. I said it's their version of 3D chess. It doesn't make any sense. It's just, it's just the dumars world. It's dumars. Honestly, I this is one of those that Adam Silver, like you could have talked me into him vetoing, like they vetoed the Chris Paul trade. That's how bad that trade was. Kyle, would Atlanta have done that trade if it was a top four protected pick?


I'm gonna say yes. Top four protected Atlanta's like we're still doing it. Yeah. Top seven protected. I think they do that. Probably. Probably the layoff. I protective they, but they, I can't even imagine. They're showing all these war rooms. They should have shown the Hawks War room as guys are taking their shirts off doing this and fucking popping champagne on each other. It was, it was probably like the the we followed into Magic City On the bus. Yeah. Yeah. It was like the Mushroom scene. And this is the end where they're just like going nuts and I can't even imagine how deliriously happy they were. And I really like where Atlanta was sitting before tonight and now they have this New Orleans pick. They have a $25 million trade exception.


They added poor Zingus Jalen Johnson's coming back. They got Dyson Daniels and Trey Young and Reese, she and a Congo house. It's, it's time to look at the conference odds. Don't think that. I haven't already, but please. Oh you already did. Course you you cheated on me. Of course. What the hell house? They're not in the top 6 33 to one to win the East. Yes. That's a ticket that's in my portfolio. They might be doing that later. Bando sports book. Yes sir. 33 to one. All they have To do, they do. They signed, what did they get? Tomar rose with that trade exception. All They have to do is make it to the Eastern Conference. They don't have to win for that ticket to have value.


You have an amazing hedge with 33 to one sitting in your pocket. That team, that's the, I still can't imagine one stop that they make in like, Dyson Daniels is incredible. I can't name one other player. I mean Dan Johnson's plays both ways for sure as well. But No, Johnson and Daniels is their two defenders. Yeah. And then they'll, they'll be able to do some other stuff coming along. Kyle, we were texting a lot about Derrick Queen during the season. Yeah. Because he bring, he brings some things to the table that I love. Yeah. There's some defensive stuff with him that is about as bad as it gets. And it's gonna be, he's gonna be one of those guys where I I I do think it's a, he's a ceiling basement guy, but there's some really good offensive stuff.


The problem is some of the ways you would use him on offense are very similar to how like you would use say a Zion Williamson who's also on The team. Just hypothetically Yeah. Picking the name outta that. No Idea how those two guys would play together Makes no sense at all. No, they don't. They they are, they have mirroring issues for sure. But he's, he's, he, you're right. I mean he's got a lot of things that you like. I mean the connectivity of his passing, I was saying on our, on the draft show that in that 18 feet to the rim area, he, he roasts other bigs with his foot speed, with his balance. He can contort. He just does some things that are odd for a player of his body type.


He's not super explosive. But you mentioned the defensive stuff. I think a lot of that's controllable for him. I mean, if you're banking on him ever being, if you're banking on him being your rim protector, then you, you should just have to take a breathalyzer before you even are qualified to, to, to run a team. Because I, I, that was so obvious. He doesn't have the size to be a rim protector. He's more of a help defender. And the big thing for him too is he has great hands. He does have mobile hips even though he is not super fast and he's a great defensive rebounder. It's, it's more of a play to play. Is he gonna mature to the point where he starts taking that personally? Because people have just said this about him relentlessly. And I know this stuff's gotten back to him about on the defensive glass or just on the glass period.


It's like, oh, where's my man? Oh he just ran by me 'cause I didn't touch him. And he got an easy basket that happened over and over again. And just consistency of effort because he can be, I think at least a neutral defender. It's just, it's gonna be up to him. Whether or not he takes that personally and cuts out the taking plays off and stuff like that. He triggers a lot of my boxes. 'cause I like the creativity and offense is really special. I don't like the work ethic part and the taking plays off and the defensive liability part. Sam Pacini said something on Sillas Pod about how he's just been playing against men for It lasts couple years as a big guy and just is seasoned with, and that he thought he was actually a pretty good bet to be able to play faster than you'd think.


I, to me, it's amazing. The Hawks fleece them two summers in a row, two different front offices. The Deonte Murray trade was, was a fleecing. And then this happens that is house, they might have the championship belt now. A biggest mess of a team. I think this is it. I think giving away next year's first round pick and making it unprotected. I think they grabbed the belt. Wow. I think Sacramento was like, we we just got it back. What do what do you mean? We just And they just took it back.


Yeah. Like without blinking. I I I It's very not to mention they're putting Jeremiah fears and Jordan pool together. Oh boy. I thought that the wizards traded Jeremiah pool away so that fears would fit better. And then when they picked fears, I was like, oh, I'm way off with my logic with this. I I thought that's what they were doing. House And Trey Murphy's gotta be like, why am I here? What is this theme? That that's exactly right. This this is the most confounding team I i I was trying to come up with. I mean even Charlotte feels like it has a point. It feels like it has a direction. Phoenix is like in this conversation. Gotta keep Phoenix through, you know, there, there's still, I guess Phoenix does have Phoenix, so I thought Sacramento took it back from Phoenix, but you're right.


Phoenix still has it. Sacramento Made a good pick tonight when we get to it, it went in. If We do it did sa sa maybe Sacramento's right in the ship a little bit. But I mean Sacramento turning Fox and Halliburton into Zach Levine, like that's like an old-timer. Not to mention the Saboni extension on that stuff, but yeah, you're right. I think f so Phoenix probably had it and then New Orleans just took it and New Orleans has had this belt. I mean they're, they're basically like the Russell Celtics with this belt. They've had it nine different times over the course of since the mid seventies. You have to remember how close the pelicans were though to, to turning the corner. They've been close a couple times. Yeah. It's like for five seconds.


Yeah. But, but I mean they, They had a playing a game against LeBron and then that and then the moment was over. They, they were on a pace for over 50 wins just a year Ago. I hope so. They got 41st round picks. Right. Anthony Davis. I, I, I I get it. I'm just saying they were, They won the lottery. The problem I have with, with Derek, with with, with my, with my guy Queen. Is this The DMB thing? Yeah, It's just a, it's a, it's this maturity is, is still under development and you can eyeball, you can use your own eyeballs and look at his body type and reach a conclusion that maybe he hasn't maximized all that's available to him to turn himself into the kind of beast that, that he might be in terms of physical specimen.


It would be the good thing if he was gonna New Orleans where This is the point. That's the point. There's so much healthy food there and clean living. Well we just, we they just lived through a guy who had a maturity issue and maybe an issue where didn't take care of his body. Maximize. Yeah. So and if Derek is not 18 years old, this is like, it would be one thing to say, yeah, he's pudgy, he's 18 or he is 19 or whatever. He's pushing up. He's closer to 21 than he is to to to 18. So So you don't think he's on the versa climber at five in the morning. Like LeBron, Here's the thing he can do that it's there. They have versa climbers, they can get one down to New Orleans and he could become the beast that we're talking about.


He can make that commitment, you know, he can get that challenge on the defensive end and become that guy. I hope he does. He was, it was great to have Marilyn viable for, for a, for a basketball season here most recently. And it makes some noise in the tournament. I want the kid to, to succeed. It feels like it's up to the kid. Joe Dumars was so bad in Detroit that I once wrote in a column that I wanted to sell Joe Dumars cap space cologne. You only have to spray it once and then you can't get away from the smell for three to five years. Remember when he was handing out all those terrible contracts? Everyone forgets how bad Joe Dumars was.


It's been 11 years, right? Was it? Unfortunately he has, he has Sean Marks and some others. I feel like we're we're almost like atrocious GM summit territory. Oh no, you're gonna fire it back up. We're Getting close. Yeah, we we're, we almost have enough teams. Again, house is giddy. Yeah. I'm trying to think of all the teams that we got. Vivek, we, we got ish, we have New Orleans. You got a lot Of character voices to ride to as well. I think this is prime for Yeah. I Feel like might Be Chicago could be in the running Chicago. Jerry Reinsdorf never paid the luxury tax. I'll Say, I'll say on Queen one thing, he, one apologetic thing I would say is that he, considering where he was like a couple years ago, he has made progress.


Sure. He has work on his body. Yeah. So IIII hope he continues that. And by the way, keeps Me playing way. I'd like the value at 13. Oh Yeah, yeah, yeah. That pick was top 10. That pick was top 10 protected. I would've liked the trade, but it's unprotected in a draft that everybody is saying is awesome. It's insane. There's no counter argument. That is an insane thing to do to do that.


This episode is brought to you by Ultra running. Every pair of ultra shoes has a roomy toe box and zero to load drop, which lets your toes spread and keeps your foot in a more natural position. All in the name of comfort and performance with a variety of styles. There's a shoe for everyone. It's comfort. You have to feel to believe. Try Ultra for yourself with a free 30 day trial and free shipping@ultrarunning.com.


This episode is brought to you by the Wells Fargo active cash credit card. This is an ad for the active cash credit card from Wells Fargo. That's a mouthful, but that's because it packs a lot in Earn unlimited 2% cash rewards on purchases with it big or small. So whether it's buying tickets to the game with your mom or grabbing a coffee with your dog, earn unlimited 2% cash rewards on purchases made with it. Say it with me. The active cash credit card from Wells Fargo. Learn more at wells fargo.com/active cash terms apply.


So then of course the smart teams come up San Antonio and OKC at 14 and 15. It's like, all right, here we go. San Antonio's gonna take Carter Bryant. He's supposed to go like in the nine 10 range. He'll go 14. Nice pick. They just hang out as everybody else fucks up. KC they take Sorber from Georgetown. Cool. He won't play for a year. They'll let Hartenstein go. All of a sudden I'm gonna be playing 20 minutes a game. Know how that's gonna go. Did you let you watch, you watch him at Georgetown house? Decent amount. He's big. He moves fine. Arms are up. Yep, exactly right. He's an arms up guy. Yeah. Decent footwork. He'll play for them. Yep. And then Portland takes Priscilla's guy Yang Hansen.


That's Priscilla's guy. Yeah, Priscilla loved him at the combine. That was his guy. Oh, okay. And he was our first guy from the stands. And then just a couple more really quick. Utah, take him off the hold plate. Hold on. Are we're not gonna acknowledge that they massively reached France and Yang. I mean, did they massively reach or was it the steel of the draft all be behold It's right. I may live to be the fool on That, but Sefa two Chinese guy who can throw backdoor cuts and doesn't speak English. I loved it. Did he did, did he work out against the chair? No, he was in the, he went to the NBA combine and played everybody and, and, and really impressed everybody and actually increased the stock. Who knows, we're at the point of the draft where it's dumb. But uni who's just dropping Now, you were so pissed about this.


And I'm watching going like, I, I'm rooting for the Celtics maybe to trade up. 'cause they, he was one of my favorite guys and I, I know he can't go by anybody, but as a pick and roll using the pick and roll and I just, that guy's an NBA player player and you think the nets are gonna take him because they took Yor and it's like, well, might as well take that guy too and maybe you'll go one for two. But they take rei. I don't like the French guys in this draft. I think we had a nice little French run and that were due for one of those like off years for French guys and then Miami as usual. Classic. Just like Danny Granger, Caron Butler, Tyler hero. You just go on through all the kil ware, Khalil ware. It just, it, it just always happens for them and it happens again.


And Yaku is false to them. And I tweeted that. I thought Shaun Marks should be arrested and which I still kind of feel. It's just bother. Like, you, you shouldn't get that guy at 20. How did they do it, Kyle? It's Honestly, I, I don't have the intel on that yet. But I mean it is crazy that he fell. I mean I think our final ranking was seven just because he's somebody that I think Seven, He's a very smart player. He is very young. He is got great size. He is got a frame. He's gonna be big and strong. I don't, I don't think that he doesn't, he played a lot on, a lot on ball at Illinois and it got a little yackety sacks at times 'cause he had a wrist injury and people started blitzing him and he was on not like not a super physical team.


So you just, you start to see him get a little wasteful. But I think when you compress him and scale him down, which I think is what's gonna happen, he is not gonna scale up. I think if you put him in that supportive role. Yeah, he shoots it pretty decently well off the catch. And then he's one of those guys that I always say are just like a comma in a sentence on offense. It's just like he's, he's not a stopper. He is not a period. He's just like, here's, here's a comma that we keep moving. I like, we're going towards getting a basket. And I think that he's, he's just gonna be a nice bolstering secondary creator for them. Yeah, it's a great pick. He's a Darrell Moy model guy. I figured out Darryl Morey's motto in like the early 2000 tens. And he's a motto guy.


He's just put, he fills the box score. He'll play for Miami. He will play 23 minutes a game next year and he will get like 12 points, five assists, five rebounds, one steal. Like he just, he's just gonna be good. It, it really is annoying to me. And they're gonna sound dominga or do some sort of sign and trade with him and guess what? He'll be good for them too. And then all of a sudden we'll be like, Jesus Christ, we're back with the heat. We thought we killed them. We thought they were dead. We thought we cut their head off house. They're back. I took a look at their odds for the Eastern conference. Oh no. Just because we're we're sleeping. What was it? Don't sleep. It's an insane number in view of, you know, well They don't have a lot of talent.


They don't that they don't at the moment but Wow. 50 to one. That's, That's all, that's what I'm saying. Right. It's Miami. Somehow They keep showing up in the eastern conference finals once every three years over. It lasts, you know, 12 years or so. I was wondering if, 'cause they have Duncan Robinson, he makes 19 million next year, but you can waive it and it only pay nine. And I was wondering if there was some sort of Celtics, Anthony Simons Robinson coming back and then they waived the thing and that enables them to create more cash and then they could pay Horford and Cornett. But I feel like that Robinson contract is tradable and they could actually get somebody for him from a team that needs to cut money.


I have my on that really made me mad. Kyle, give me your favorite pick in It lasts 15. Oh honestly, it probably is Clifford honestly like Yeah he's, I li I like the fit with Ja Richardson in in Orlando as well. Yeah, he's, he was lower on my board because of the issues, the, the size issues and things like that. But in that spot. So Clifford went to Sacramento. Yeah. Who lost the championship belt and made a good pick. I had A Clifford stat that I really liked. Hold on. I pulled this up 'cause I was charting at, he, he's a guy who was in college. Some of these guys, it's a newer phenomenon but they stay, they're staying, they're getting the opportunity to stay around and make money and get better.


And then it's that same concept again of scaling down. This is a dude who I always just kind of keep an eye out on guys who see a huge uptick in responsibility and keep the, the, the boat steady. Not only did he do that pick and roll reps from his first senior year to his second senior year. He had 48 in the first year and 1 39 in the following year. And he upped his efficiency from 0.56 to 1.086. So huge uptick. And he like vastly improved his efficiency, which says to me that this is a guy who can he, he just has a skill building skill and, and he's somebody that shoots the ball really well.


He added a little bit of post game. I, he's not gonna be used to the extent that he was at Colorado State on some good teams, but he's gonna be a very capable catch and shoot spacer for them. I love that pick. I think, I think it's gonna work. I didn't allow myself to root for him to fall into the Celtics. 'cause I knew it wasn't realistic. It was like ness. But it was like in the back of my head as we went to the twenties and some of the teams did some stupid stuff. It was like, could they, and then it was just not gonna happen. I liked that one as well. Danny Wolf house. Did you crunch any Danny Wolf tape getting ready for the draft or not really? This is somebody who became a, who became a, a cult figure of this draft.


Jay Kyle recommended that I get into some, some Danny, I I didn't do it. I can assure you that, that a guy that I did not have on my radar or pay any attention to was I, I certainly didn't spend any time looking into Will Riley as a, as a potential guy that was gonna land. You ended up with Him at 21. I know, I'm I I I'm aware but I I I honestly don't think that's a terrible pick again. By, by the, the Nets. I, I actually think for 6 10, 2 50, the, the, the play making capacity late twenties.


Who cares? Yeah. That's the late twenties. I don't think it's that bad of a pick. I I'm, I'm glass half half empty on him. I just don't see it. 'cause I can't see the comp. Like when we get into the twenties, I need you to have one elite skill that's even while like new go into the hawks. Noell can't shoot, but he tries really hard and we've seen versions of him succeed these six foot eight long. My whole life depends on this quarter. The coach put me in for five minutes. I'm just gonna lose my mind. I've seen that work. Right. And sometimes it doesn't work. Like Jordan Walsh on the Celtics, it hasn't worked.


There's guys where it doesn't work, but there's a prototype for him and I sold Walsh to you so I regret that. I'm still pulling, I'm crossing my fingers that that one's gonna come through because He can't shoot at all. It's, he takes a thousand corner threes a day and they, they're still not going in. So I guess the Danny Wolf thing, if you're gonna say that's gonna work, that would be okay. It's, it's a tall, he's little Lori Marketish marketish with the ball and he, he's go, he can run, send him some picks and he could be a mismatch. But I just, I don't, I don't see how on a winning team that is somebody who could be out there. He's a role player on a winning team. I mean Right. Could He be like the ninth, 10th man maybe.


I dunno. Is there anybody that didn't get drafted that you were shocked by Kyle? Oh geez. In the first Round around because I really like the St. Joe's kid. And he didn't get drafted. Yeah. That was, I'm, I'm under consensus on him just 'cause I don't totally trust the shooting to translate. He had a pretty good year this past year with prior years that didn't that that I thought more reflected on who he, who he is as a shooter. He kind of, he shoots on the way down in a way that's re in a really flat ball that I just worry about it going in. And then you combine that with the fact that he is very yackety sacks, a clo attacking closeouts. Like the dribble is high. I don't trust in that, you know, is gonna limit him as Yeah.


I just, I don't have to give the full report, but I don I'm not big on him. All right. So house, how will you remember this draft So close once again for the Washington team? I'll say my favorite pick of all, not even no joke, was Walter Clayton Jr. Going to Utah at that 18 pick because I think the combination of Ace Bailey and Walter Clayton Jr. I might, let me ask if I can have permission to do this. I'm not gonna pay attention to my team this, this upcoming season other than to check in sometimes to see how some of the rotations with the kids work out. They're not gonna win at all. Utah might be on a different trajectory.


They might actually try a little bit this upcoming season. 'cause those two kids they acquired are so dynamic. Am I permitted to, to like have a Western conference team that I pay attention to that team kind of invest in? It's No, no, no. I only have one team. It's these guys. No, but I mean your late, your league pass team. This is One Im asking. Yeah. My league pass. Yeah. Do I have permission for that? Utah? Listen, both Elle and I jumped on the Portland situation last year. It was fun. Yeah, it's like having an affair. They were good too. Just, You just in a hotel, in a Cdy hotel room. You're in a Motel six with a league. What, what a, what did, what do you It's a West Coast League pass team.


But we League pass Fair Camera and Scoop. It was fun. And then now they have Drew Holiday, now they have some better leadership. I don't know what I mean, Utah has so many guys, I can't figure out what that team is like. They, they're gonna have Ace Bailey and marketing and Sexton and Clarkson and Keay George you go through, it's like all of these dudes wanna take some shots and have the ball and you know, Asset, asset asset. It's all these assets that they're collecting. But for what? For Zion Williamson. Like what? Like what, what's the end game? I don't, I don't think they know either, but I think they're just collecting assets. I think my favorite thing was Danny h taking Ace Bailey and just, just showing everybody that, guess what it's called, the draft.


You don't get to decide where to go if you don't like it. Go back in college. Right. And that's it. What was your favorite thing Kyle? My favorite pick. Which One? Your favorite. Anything from this draft? I enjoy that there was somebody close enough to one of the broadcast cameras to very audibly yell rigged as the night started. I thought that was pretty funny. I wish It had been me. Ace, ACE wa it might have been house, right. Ace, I'm, I'm not laughing at this, but I mean he well look like he wanted to cry when, when they were talking to him. Like, and normally you saw him earlier in the broadcast and he's, he's laughing and cutting up and a funny kid and then he is very obvious somber shift to him and I you kept waiting for maybe the other, the other shoe to drop on that.


But yeah, The best one ever for that was Steve Francis. That was when we peaked. I don't remember that broadcast. It was even, he was at that draft that was In Washington. The van Vancouver took him and he was so upset and he walked up on the stage and he did the handshake. And then at one point he just like looked up like just completely devastated. And then I think he, he never played a game for them. I think he forced a trade out of there. Like he, he was that and then it did the interview and he was just, could not have been less happy about it. Well, Well Steph made the, made a face when the Warriors took him. People forget about that. He wanted to go to the Knicks. Steph made a, like he looked down and grimace 'cause he did not want to go to Golden State.


Mm. But not quite on that level of drama, but yeah. House. Did anything in this draft change from a gambling standpoint, any decisions you're gonna make when you're bored this summer? Now that we don't have basketball and we don't have football for two more months? Not really. I mean we just went through a couple of the ones where there's sort Of interesting futures where you might Wanna just have a ticket in your pocket. Alright, so I Atlanta 33 to one and then the thunder plus one 30, I guess It lasts. Thing I'll say is I was worried all day that there was gonna be like a blockbuster mega Celtics trade and all the people that cover the draft. Then you fall on Twitter. People do this every year. It's like when, when there's like some sort of big weather event coming and all the weather people on the TV are like, don't leave your house.


This is gonna be one of the worst hurricanes we've ever And then it turns out it's fine. We do this with the NBA draft every year. It's like, it's gonna be crazy. So many trades. Oh my God. Buckle up. It's gonna be, and it never is. And I did feel like I did, I did feel deep down that that's how it was gonna play out. But I was worried with the Celtics that there was gonna be some Jalen brown trade out of nowhere. There was enough smoke coming from different corners that I wa I was on guard. Mm. Like I didn't do API didn't do like a long power walk today house. Mm. I stayed around the house. I just didn't know it was gonna happen. I was on call. You had, it was a doctor. You had to be tethered.


Yeah, I just kind of walked around my living room. My dog, my, my dog stared at me. But yeah, I don't think they're doing anything. So I don't know. I don't know if we're getting another mega trade. Unless you're right about Zion. The Zion jazz thing. You really put something in my mind spinning with that one. I mean, of course they taking, going for Zion and, and, and adding a, an unhappy ace. I don't think that works. So I don I don, I don Dunno if that one end any legs. Zion With Ace. Yeah, we'll see what happens. All right, we're gonna wrap it up here. Unless house, you have any last thoughts? I do not. No. No. Okay. House seems, you seem tired. You seem emotionally sick. I told you I was. I'm, I'm drunk on exhaustion because the NBA just won't stop. Let me have a break.


NBA House, enjoy yourself a little house. Your team is making good picks. I think Trey Johnson's a good pick. You seem resigned in a way that I You should be happy. I like it too. I like where the wizards are. Okay. You haven't messed up in like two years. It does. Well put that on a banner. Put that, hang that over my shoulder. The Wizards haven't messed up in two years. It's, but listen, if I told you two years ago, two years from now, the wizards will not have messed up for two years. You would've taken that. Sure. There's a giant That sound exciting there. Chalkboard in the arena that says this many days since we screwed up and race. Yeah. They have like a scoreboard, like a thing on the clock. 867 days since our last stupid move.


Yeah. New Orleans would be zero days. All right. Calm and great to see you. How's great to see you. Thanks to ga How and Eduardo as well. Thanks to everybody who's on our YouTube stream. I'm gonna be back Sunday with slo. Enjoy the rest of the week. Everybody Must be 21 plus in President select states for Kansas and affiliation with Kansas Star Casino or 18 plus in President dc. Gambling problem, call 100 GAMBLER. Visit rg help.com. Call 1 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org/chat in Connecticut.


Or visit md gambling help.org in Maryland. Hope is here. Visit gambling helpline ma.org or call 8 3 2 7 50 50 for twenty four seven. Support Massachusetts. Or call 1 8 7 7 8 Hope NY or Text Hope NY in New York.


This episode is brought to by LinkedIn. During the season, every baseball team plays 162 games. It's a true test of endurance. It's not enough to have a hot month or two. You need sustained dominance throughout. While the same is true for your small business, it's not enough to have a great Q2, even a great year. You want year over year growth that starts with better hires. That'll be there for the long haul to find those hires. Use LinkedIn. LinkedIn has strong hiring data and insights that you won't find anywhere else to help pair you with the best candidates from unique skills and interests to the connections you have in common. Based on LinkedIn data, 72% of small businesses say that LinkedIn helps 'em find high quality talent. LinkedIn also lets you go beyond people who are actively applying in a given week. 171 million LinkedIn members aren't actively seeking jobs, but they are open to new opportunities. That's a big pool to miss out on. If you're not hiring with LinkedIn, find your next great hire on LinkedIn. Post your job for free at LinkedIn dot com slash simmons. That's LinkedIn dot com slash simmons to post your job for free terms and conditions apply.


This episode is supported by FXs The Bear, the Emmy award-winning series returns following Carme, Sydney and Richie, as they push forward, determine not only to survive, but also to take the bear to the next level. This season, the pursuit of excellence isn't just about getting better, it's about deciding what's worth holding onto. FX is the Bear. All episodes now streaming on Hulu.