
Coming up one of the biggest podcasts of the year, NBA over Unders. They're here Next.


It's the Bill Simmons Podcast presented by FanDuel. Football is in full action. FanDuel's highest rated sports book is the best place to bet it all. We've been doing pretty well I Million dollar picks this year. I love the first month of the season because you have to go into the season thinking I. Think Pittsburgh's gonna be good. I think the Chargers are gonna be good. I. Think Seattle's gonna be good. And then trying to back What you think in those first few weeks and then zag the other way. if you were wrong, you, you bid on new and fun markets on FanDuel like to catch your pass. Same game parlay highest scoring game across the Sunday Slate offensive tds. The Next Drive. They have so much stuff, it's crazy. The app is safe and scary and easy to use and when you win you'll get paid instantly. Plus look out for FanDuel Squares this season. Here's What. You have to do Visit FanDuel dot com slash bs to download America's number one Sportsbook. The Ringer is committed to responsible gaming. Please Visit rg help.com to learn more about the resources and helplines available and listen to the end of the episode for additional details. You must be 21 plus and President in select states gambling problem called win hundred gambler or Visit rg-help.com.


This episode is brought to you by SimpliSafe. One good defensive move I can always get behind is SimpliSafe because they know security, they've even been named Best Home Security Systems by US News and World Report for five years running I. Know that to be true because I've been saying that every year when I talk about my friends from SimpliSafe. I love having them in my home. Especially the new active guard outside protection, active guard protection. Why is That great uses outdoor cameras, advanced AI and professional monitoring agents to stop crime before it happens? Activate sirens, spotlights. It's everything you need. Everyone deserves to have peace of mind. SimpliSafe gives You That and right now you can get 50% off there. New security system with a select professional monitoring plan. All I have to do is Visit SimpliSafe dot com slash bs. There is No Safe like SimpliSafe


we're Also brought to by the Ringer Podcast Network Put up a new re watchable on Monday night. It was the live show we did in New York City of Silence of the Lambs. Great episode. you can Also watch it on the Ringer movies. YouTube channel It is scary Month on the re watchable. So more horror movies coming the rest of the month. I Hope you're following all of our NBA content on the Ringer dot com. Ringer, Podcast Network, all of our basketball podcasts. This is our time of year. We love mid-October NBA's coming football's here, college football, movies, tv, I love October. It's great But. You know What I really love breaking down the over Unders for four and a half hours with Joe House and our buddy Ryan Ello.


We do this every year. House and I had been doing it dating back to the Grantland days and We added IL the cast. It was kind of like when they added the Rock to the Fast and Furious franchise. Literally like right down to the biceps But. We are gonna break down over the over three parts, which we'll be, be staggering. This is Part one, Part two, Part three. We will go up over the Next 12 hours. We're doing two divisions at a time. Guessing the over Unders for every NBA team. Will they go higher? Will they go lower? We Love doing it. And we love bringing in our friends from Proja.


We are here. It is Tuesday afternoon on The West coast, the annual n NBA Over Runners podcast. The most exciting podcast of the year 30 teams, three parts, three guys who have had a lot of success the last two years with this. Joe House, Ryan Marillo. We are combined. Last year we were, I was six and one house was three and two and Silla was six and oh on locks. The year before I was six and one house was four and two Silla was three and two. That's like, that's not nothing. I will just start out by saying this I don't feel as confident about this year. I thought this year was really hard. Silla I had a hard time with this last night for a bunch of reasons. Google sucks.


You type in something like hey, how's Kyrie at home games and Stat muses like I don't have that for you. But Elgin Hay shot this on back to backs El like Elgin. Hey yes, like, like Say Stat muse big EG please print media. Please still exist. The NBA preview world is a fucking disaster right now. It's Really bad. yes. You know I couldn't even find those depth charts. That I sent you guys last year where You, you just screenshot each. They didn't even have those anymore. At One point I went to the Pelicans depth chart and it just had Zion and Deonte and I was like, or is everybody already hurt? So I think I caught It in the middle of update or then it'll send You these YouTube pages where again, some videos are good so I'm not talking about everybody else can But. I'm like if this guy has cried after a round one exit, I don't want his takes on his team.


So it's, it's a disaster trying to preview this stuff right now. That definitely wasn't house 'cause SAS's team hasn't made Round one in six. Share I am very nervous you there because I didn't think that this year was very hard at all. But I am by far most Oh wow. The most casual of anybody on this table. So I'm happy. Casual House is fine. Feels fine. We've been together for three straight days and You were doing research the entire time. So I'm not gonna accept Casual House Well. It's, it's just to try and get the names right. I mean all I'm doing is researching the names. So we're doing, did You notice That Bill just included the last two years instead of just last year. I did. I'm just trying to bump my numbers up. Well No, you can still nine and two the last two years, what's the aggregates 26 and something I feel Like two years ago when you were winning we got like week weekly updates on It.


That's true. And it was very, it was very Quiet this year we're we're 26 and eight as a group the last three years. It's pretty good. I'm a team player, it's a lot of money. I'm like Jalen Brown I just wanna win titles. We're gonna do two divisions to start out. It's so rude. It's on your team. That's So. it was a compliment. Jalen Brown, the mo selfless. Okay, can He, he's not selfless. I mean the Olympics thing felt that's What is is left in everybody's mouth. I think that taste not My mouth. All right. I didn't care that he didn't play the Olympics. My mouth is fine. Thought He had a great summer. Great. We're starting with the northwest because that is probably gonna have the best regular season team in the league. The Oklahoma city at Thunder, they're over Unders 57 and a half. Wow. How I have been monitoring FanDuel and some of the over Unders have just been going up and down because they're getting like this action ten nine days.


So Oklahoma, this was 56 and a half, it was 55 and a half and now it's 57 and a half. They're minus one 40 to win the division. They're plus three 40 for best record. They are plus one 30 to be the one seat in the west, which I think is my favorite bet of the three parts. 60 plus wins is around plus 180. Last year there were 57 and 25 and they added Alex Caruso and Isaiah Hartenstein Illa. Why isn't this over under even higher than 57 and a half? Probably just because of the west. like there's some good teams in the west that are gonna be completely left out. And then obviously you just start with the uncertainty of whatever the injury storyline is. But, I'm with you. There's, there's No way they're gonna be worse.


So if it's Mo Sam Maybe, they're just afraid to set a number 61 because it's just such a massive number. We know I'm not gonna go through every team's stats here. But their stat profiles off the charts except for the rebounding rate which was comically low for a team that was this good. And so they've addressed it and they Also addressed kind of the weird giddy problem that they had where right they played him in a playoff game then people were gonna sag off of 'em and now Caruso adds a spacing and a better defender. Even if you still kinda like giddy skillset which I think I do so Well. And then young guys who are now a year older who got a little taste last year house. This seems to me very similar profile to the Celtics last year. really good starting five. They have a bench young team that's gonna be durable for six months, which I think is important.


And I think they hit this. Yes. The only thing that I think is holding the number back, holding it down is they're so young. We, they just made it You know last year made their first Elong G run into the playoffs Elongated. Did you see the long yes Elongated run. I would say It was elongated. Run I don't know if it was elongated. It was two rounds Made It solid. They made It into the playoffs and that's keeping the number down. I'm not kind that as your first malapropism. They are long though. They're so good on defense. They're so effing good on defense. They're gonna be an incredible defensive team and they have redundancy at all the positions and they're young and there's injury.


Luck That they had last year But. Even if that bites 'em in the butt this year, they're gonna be, They still have That Fing good. yes. So they win in 22, they won 24 games. 20 three they won 40 last year they won 57 and this year I think they're somewhere in the first half of the sixties. I would say in the 62 range seems fair to me. But, Illa, crunch time I. Guess this is a playoffs question more than a regular season question. But, you have Che You have Jalen Williams, you have Dort, you have Caruso, you have SGA, you Also F Hartenstein. Now you have Wallace who I think is going definitely probably be better than he was last year re like him last year. Wiggins, Isaiah, Joe and other Jalen Williams and I. Guess my question is, who is their five those six, seven times a year in the playoffs when it's like, all right, who's our five and I think it would be Hartenstein and Chet with Jalen Williams, Caruso and SGA But.


Now I don't have do out there and I don't have Isaiah Joe with the shooting, it's a good problem to have. But. I just don't know What they're gonna do they you I. Guess the good thing is they go big, they can go small can it's they can have a shooting lineup. It match. Match a defense lineup. Who are The, who are they playing? I think you're right house. At least they have the option now. And that was the thing. That drove you crazy about it and We spent time talking about it at the trade deadline you would just be and and whatever You, think of Jalen Williams two space the floor a little bit. We know he's gonna take a handful of annoying charges. But, they didn't have It and as much as We all like Chet Either's just certain nights where it's like this guy's getting his ass handed to him. Well Remember the rebounds in the Dallas series I think I bet him to have the most rebounds of the Dallas stairs. I think he had like 20 total.


like he just got his absolute ass kicked by lively gaffer can can s no they Saw That. yes, yes it would be if if the other team's big they both play. If the other team wing heavy then do will be in and they'll split It up. yes. Can I make a nerdy basketball point? can? One of the things I liked about Hartenstein heading back to the Clippers was when they would put him like at a top of the key and they would kind of run offense through em and it was like what's this? This guy's like Bill Walton at the top of the key and they'd like why don't they use this more? And then the Knicks really used it and I wonder where OKC What that's 'cause they were so shaa dominant last year. It was either Shay or Jaylen Williams I wonder like how much they're gonna run through him and What it's gonna look like it's just an extra wrinkle that I think they needed.


His awareness is a big and its passing is like way I didn't really catch on 'cause I was in a clipper season. Ticket holder can But some of the stuff that I saw with him with the Knicks where he'd be attacking the rim and right the big doesn't give It up there and then there'd be somebody else crashing which then encourages everybody else to go, hey follow Hartenstein. like follow him, come to the other side cut off of It. And he was just finding guys like wide open. like the fact that he, you still allow that late pass right before it looked like he was gonna go up at the rim contested. And that's What. Presti wants to do man. He wants to load this team up. There's so many teams. The last one I'll make at least on this Part of it, there's so many teams when I do the depth chart, I'm like Denver would kill for that guy. yes that guy.


Oh my god. Denver would love him like and you know would Ken Rich Williams be like Denver like yes Race, this is he's we now have a seventh Man make shirts can house, is this the team, is there another move with them? Because I don't wanna go through all the picks they have. They have probably the best batch I. Think of picks of all the teams that have a shit load of picks they have they you swap at the Clippers this year they have Clippers unprotected Next year. They have a bunch of stuff down the road. Dallas top two protected a couple Denver picks like near where Jokic might be like You know riding horses four years from now and not even playing in the Nuggets.


Would You do anything or is it early in the run here? You don't need to. I don't think you need to. You just sit tight. You hope that you don't have any injuries. But, if you do have injuries, You have all the flexibility in the world at the trade deadline or even before That to address it. I you just try and run this team out there and let them let these kids win 64 games and grab the number one seed and get on to the Playoffs. I Think I agree with House I would be willing to do something here. But, it would have to be be I. Just dunno. What, it was I went through the Ringer top hundred and I'm like there was one guy Who's the guy Giannis.


Granted everyone would trade for Giannis But if It goes badly and we'll talk about this In Part two Milwaukee goes badly and Giannis is like I kind of wanna keep winning titles guys can you just send me to a place where I can win titles and and OKCs like we have a lot of picks and a lot of stuff. If they signed Thanasas, There's one more I I would do something only because like the picks are gonna become so redundant. you like we're all excited about their DPP or we're excited about the youth and all of these things. That, you know it can't be somebody that's already blown out three franchises, right? like Harden all of a sudden said I, think I want to go to the Thunder?


I'd be like, I'm Good. He's like I, I'm ready to come home can Right full circle. Let's do this. Okay, seems like we're good. There's Certain guys, I would still stay away from But. I think I'd be more proactive even if like I think I'm picking the Thunder to win the whole thing too. So why would you want Disrupt That? Me too I already have It at plus seven 50 and now it's a plus 6 25 because everybody's getting used to the fact that the NBA season's about to get here. This is why this win. Total It was 55 and a half You know six weeks ago it 56 and a half, three days ago and now it's 57 and a half In all their one seed conference stuff. People are all seeing the same things. I'm not ready to announce my pick yet. There's one other guy that I thought would be interesting for them is Trey Murphy in New Orleans.


Because if New Orleans, and we'll talk about them when We get to them in more detail. But. If New Orleans is at a point where there's No market for Ingram Murphy, they didn't sign to an extension, right? You have to. He's a restricted free agent in a year and you have to do that. But, Also What do you do with Ingram and Maybe? The move is you can get more stuff for Trey Murphy and keep Ingram in Ingram's. like from an asset standpoint it makes more sense to trade him than if you're o okc. That's exactly What you need, like if you're gonna add somebody to this team, it's somebody who's just dead eye, three point shooter with size who can just come in and make shots. You know like and That Would make No. That would be unfair. I mean that would be like, you know the 20 17 20 18 Warriors, Right? Like you know It, it's so stupid that they're this good already and they have all of these picks like it's, that's presti I don't know that we're ever gonna see a run of like roster creation, Also and then We can do whatever We want And I I think in the years that we've talked about this in the past, like some people have described It to me, certainly not Presty to me But other people saying like he's just gonna keep drafting and drafting and drafting and like you're gonna know and Maybe some people are lost in the shuffle and it'll feel like a wasted pick But like it just gives You That many more chances to hit on something really special Instead of stuff like I love some Of the Well It can do stuff like the Caruso thing where yes now We can just put Wallace Giddy can in the giddy spot.


yes. Right, right. Also get Caruso and they can just keep doubling, tripling down. They Also have the ability to just, they're re like the, it's like when you read those stories about Jeff Bezos, whatever that island in Florida that he buys houses on and he's like, yes I'm gonna get That house too and the guy's like it's not for sale and it's like It is now how about 75 million And the guy's like I guess it is for sale. That's What. OKC. you do. If they want one more shooter and it's like Well, we're not trading Trey Murphy What. If We give You three firsts and we'll give you Wiggins and What a pick swap down and they're re like, oh I guess we're trading them. They have the ability to do That. So I think we all see the same stuff. I don't see a scenario where they're not a 60 win team unless Somebody gets walk.


It's the only seven But you, you say that about anybody Played 75 or more games last year, Jalen Williams of the eight top rotation guys played the least and it was still 71 games. I'll keep making this point as we go through the teams. You saw it last year with the S, these younger teams with durable young stars are just better bets with overs. Whereas we'll get to Maybe. There's a A team where the best Part in the team has announced I'm No longer playing back to backs for the rest of my career. Who would do that? That might be a team That I'd be less excited to take. All right, so we're all in over for OKC. I'm just gonna say It now this is a lock for me coming outta the gate with a a locker Rooney You. Guys don't have to decide now But, that's gonna be a lock.


Okay, it's On the lock list. We this. yes, it just makes it easier this week. So the Next one all of a sudden it's gonna get harder here 'cause Minnesota's our Next one they're over under is bumped up to 51 and a half. It was down this morning to 50 and a half, then it went back up to 51 and a half Minnesota action all over the place. Division plus two 70 Conference five to one title, 10 to one, one seed, 13 to one. if you think they you win 60 plus five 60. Now this team, they lost Carl Anthony Towns of Kyle Anderson. They added Julius Reno, Dante Vincenzo and Rob Dillingham. Illa What. Does the team built to beat Denver do after they actually beat Denver?


Well I I don't know. You know I don't know What. The cat market would be 'cause talking to teams, it was like, oh Cat got traded and then It was like, are you upset that the front office didn't shop anymore? It's like, yes. It wasn't like, why didn't we need get a call? Yes. This wasn't Powell to the Lakers. This wasn't the guy in your fantasy league. yes who made a trade and didn't tell anyone else Everyone's mad at him Can 'cause there would be teams like can we don't really know That, we wanted Cat Anyway, But I. Guess you just wanted hit be asked if you wanted hit can But. They apparently really wanted Di Vincenzo who by the way has turned into Larry Bird in the last two weeks. I love It. Chirping everybody. Is this re like Di Vincenzo a lot? Me too. Is This a runaway train of like, 'cause it's kind of the Cat di Vincenzo trade.


Wow. Julius is upset about That. Think, well Julius is an expiring and it's kind of like show us if you gonna stick around or not. Are you really gonna play Randall Gober and Na Reed to close a playoff game? You're Not. You're probably gonna play and Nas Reed. It depends on who they're playing. So the fact that they got Zo, the more I stare at this I, it just seems like the Knicks called them for towns for two straight months. like you can gonna put Dante in there and Nope. Okay, all right, hanging up then like two days later, hey oh What about towns you ready yet putting Dante in there Nope and then something snapped.


When I think they realized Robinson was just not coming back anytime soon and they got him I think it really hurts the Knicks. But. This guy is kind of What they needed, right? He's, he's a guy who doesn't need the ball That much, who can handle the ball, who's unafraid in big moments, who can save them on the nights that Edwards doesn't have it or Edwards is being shut down or Edwards is in foul trouble. I just, it's weird to say this. But I kind of like him on that team more than towns and I know towns is way better Can talent for talent. It feels insane to go like I kind of get it right when the trade happen and you're looking at the pieces, you're thinking, okay well talent in, even if you don't like towns, can You feel like New York wins the trade.


And especially when you look at the need for the Mitchell Robinson timeline, Hartstein is gone. So you re like, this is really nice because now you have this stretch five option who doesn't have to be the primary, like he's A, he's, it's a better team for him. yes, there's No question. You the Knicks are a better team for Tim. We'll See. 'cause I kind of can't stand him for, for like We It's been established. We've, we've, we've discussed It many times. There's a record But. I'm, I'm with you I thought there were times with the Timberwolves last year where it was like, you know, Jayden's not really an attacking on ball guy consistently enough. I think it's why they You know, remember he Died in the Dallas Air Can and Conley just isn't really a guy. He's gonna be breaking down a ton of dudes off the dribble anymore. I think it's why they were like, hey we don't have a ton of flexibility anymore so let's go after Dillingham.


So an on-ball creator and not That Vincenzo is gonna be running everything But. He can just do so many different things. It's just more That yes it's, it's more the same page. Uncertainty for the defenses. An incredibly good fit. yes, it's such a good fit And and in addition to all the basketball skill and everything What we've seen in the last two weeks that Swagger works. It's gonna work with this team, it's gonna help Anthony Edwards. It's gonna help You know 'cause Anthony Edwards is ready to put his imprint on the league. You went Through well did You see that clip I haven't I. Tell me about the clip There was which clip? It was random preseason game What. Was it Sunday? Yes. One of the great days in New York sports history and he just, he gets caught with Brunson on the side. Oh yes That one You saw that one can and he's just like, I'm shutting this guy down and Brunson's doing is Brunson, they clear out for him and he's doing all these different things and an's just with him the whole way and he is talking shit to him and then forces a terrible shot which the Knicks actually get the rebound But after he did it.


Ant did like the I just hit a walk off home run in baseball, kind of double fist pump scream. like he's like I fucking locked that guy down. I I mean if you're looking for like different types of lineups for a series where it's starting to go sideways 'cause Gobert is getting exploited or wherever re like their flexibility more I, It Also means more Nas Reed like if you look at last Year, that's, that's the thing He nas res that's good. Played 81 games and still played less total minutes than Kat because number one pick face the franchise there right for a little while turns the keys over to Ant because he had to because Ant was the better player. So I think Ant did a really good job of massaging all that stuff. But then it's like, like was okay giving the keys to Ant But. Now I'm giving him a fucking Na Reed. Hmm You know. So like what's going on here?


And You know Kat, they were 10 games over 500 without 'em, right? And Also, he got hurt every year for 15 to 30 games, whatever I am an over for this house. And I I battled on it. But they were 56 and 26 last year and We didn't even talk about Randall yet. And Randall is such a divisive guy with the Knicks fans and I I have Knicks fans in my life who are are hardcore You guys don't understand. Randall's s really good. He did all this stuff And then I have other fans in my life who are like, get That guy outta here. But I. It's, it's playing. He is in a contract here. He brings something different to them and you know I think It gives them a lot of gobert insurance.


There's a mutual where you you go Nas and Randall a crunch time and you just don't have to worried about the Gobert piece. Yes re like That Chris Finch and Randall are on the same page in terms of the incentives, right? They have the same incentive in terms of the outcome for the player and the team this season. So it line, you're gonna get the very best version of Randall in my humble opinion. 'cause I have immense respect. I would say 90% chance of that 10% chance of people are like, man Randall looks bummed. Why would he be bummed? Not enough touches. He's not playing crunch time if it's a weird fit. My immediate reaction was the ball stopper piece of this with Edwards and and we love Edwards I think as much as anyone But there's he gets a little ball stoppy from time to time and then Randall definitely does.


And I just I I thought it was one of the biggest, the two of them together is weird. Like not only the need and the positional fit and the stretch five That makes the Celtics have to defend a stretch five. like if that's how the playoffs play out, like there's a bunch of reasons why I still like this for the Knicks. Even with my cat doubt and I know we'll probably do more on this then. So it's a bit redundant. But Randall Ball stopping was another thing that I loved for the knick year. 'cause it's a real thing. He's incredibly talented. you like he's, when You look at all those years he's putting up 20 plus I. Think 26 in one season. like you're going man this guy's talented and he can really pass. He's always been able to pass going back to college. You be like, well how like But Then there's a limitation on who you are as a team and him and the number one option. And even in the rare times that the K Nicks had Brunson, OG and Randall all together, it's like an incredible record.


It's an awesome net rating. I think if it had played out more and more and you'd had playoff moments. I think they may have gotten each other's way and now I think it's more defined. Can I'm a Randall. Apologist. I. Think That when we go back and look at those years of him with the ball stopping, he was the only option, right? He knew It and that was it. That was didn't Have any way doing there. Something we said for said you can putting up 24, 10 and five for a couple years in a row. He was all NBAA couple times. like he's, you know, and, and he might turn out to be the underrated guy in the trade, which is weird 'cause he is good. But, pe, But, We. you be in December and people going, wow, Randall's s really good. Didn't think he'd be good at this. Good on the Timberwolves. It's like, yes he's good. But I, you Also see another version where it's like wow this is still clumsy and it's mid-December and they haven't really figured out how to integrate all these guys.


Quick question is Towns Ewing theory eligible for either of You guys? No, Okay I think they were The number on pick. He's probably headed to the hall of Fame with his stats 'cause everyone makes the hall of Fame now just pull up his Michelob and Cooper just made it pull up His numbers real quick in the playoffs against S Okay, are you with me on on pushing back on his self-proclaimed best shooting big of all time. You know I've been trying to position that you need a little more time to think about it. you can I. you I. Have one more day to to mow it Over. Think slow release. Catching threes are a little different than off the Dribble. Pull-ups from Durant I think there's a slightly different like how why did that become like Well?


He is pretty tall man. He shoots him from three pretty good Well I mean one can, he's Right. One of the biggest reasons I wrote my book was 'cause I didn't want people in the year 2050 to think Carl Malone was the best 12 players of all time. Good job I just I had to Do It. Good Job It was really drove me to 700 pages. The Next generation of me I would hope. I would hope. Proving that Carl Anthony Towns and Dwight Howard weren't as actually impactful as the numbers and the O MBAs made that seem right would be a catalyst for them. 'cause there's going to be, he is definitely gonna be 25 years from like, wow look at those towns numbers. He must have been amazing. That's, he's the epitome of this. like whenever Epitome, when I I did this, when Derek Rose retired, he wins the MVP that year and you understood why he wanted it and he wanted it like in an overwhelming first place vote can.


Okay Like can it was like 78 to five or even something Crazy you It was even can It was even bigger than that. It was a massive spread. It was like single digits for can LeBron yes and then I think a hundred votes or something for Derek Rose. And in the moment you're re like, hey You know What. It makes kind of sense. The one seed young guy You yes they won 60 games. It's LeBron is, you know, being held to a LeBron standard from the previous two years when he won the MVP. You go back and look at That on basketball reference right now and you're re like What the fuck was wrong with you guys? How I know and I wrote a column picking Rose like passionately. So re like to believe That yes in the moment you can you, you still be right Even if the data years later it goes That doesn't make any sense. And I think towns is like the the opposite of That where people are gonna go look at these, this guy was nasty You Know, like can, well with that said, perfect team firm right now if it's in there, if, if he can be an actual impactful guy who you play four straight playoff round is Bridge is gonna take four shots a game and We We you save this for the Next Part you, let's save for the Next.


Last question before we get the overs. So Edwards 12 plus playoff games, 27 plus points per game. 44% field goal, 22 and under just the guys of all time who did this? Amari, Anthony Edwards, LeBron James, Kobe Luka and Kevin Durant. So We went from like We were going nuts about Anthony Edwards and It was like slow down stop with the MJ stuff. Slow down. And it was like Well fucking a, he's like killing everybody. like can We at least talk about how it's like it feels a little MJ ish without, without offending mj It. But. Cool. And then round three it went backwards. And then in the Olympics, you know he is basically a heat check guy in the Olympic team.


But now I think it's kind of been forgotten how awesome he was. And I wonder, does It go up a level? Does it actually as good as last year was was the playoffs the start of something else? And that's the number one reason I'm going over 51 and a half. Because I think he really will give a shit week after week during the NBA season, which is What you need for over Unders S yes I wondered with the Dallas series You know in the mistakes. There's some big mistake possessions there with him. yes, But as you pointed out, house I mean Kat was 38 and 24 splits against Dallas. If Kat is just hitting a few more of these open shots, they might be playing for an NBA championship. Right? Even though It doesn't feel that way with the way Luka and Dallas all kind of jelled together until they ran into Boston.


But I'm with you. I'm going over. Even though it's like you're sitting here at the west going, man, the reason Vegas is putting these projections lower than you would think at the top is that You have to find Mm. like where are you finding all of these wins with how good? like one through 13 is But. I don't want to go under 51 and a half for the ant point that You just made. That's so good. I. It's an easy over for me. Okay because I don't think the West is one through 13 Good. you. Which is fun. yes, it's, we're about to get to I. Love it.


Let's take a break and we'll this episode is brought to you by SimpliSafe. Let's talk defense for a moment. Not the kind you say in the field. I'm talking about What you're doing to protect your home. I personally like to use SimpliSafe. They have my back 24 7 even more so right now with their new active guard outdoor protection. Because if somebody's circling in your house, they wanna Maybe peek through some windows to check if some doors are unlocked. You have active guard outdoor protection, they're gonna be way less ready to do That. And by the way the holidays are coming. Think about, this is like the Super Bowl for burglars the summer, that's probably the NBA finals and the the holidays is the Super Bowl. They can't wait for you to leave presents in the house. They can't wait for You to go to Christmas parties. The best thing SimpliSafe does is gives You peace of mind. Everyone deserves to have peace of mind. That's why I have partnered with SimpliSafe to give You guys an exclusive discount. Right now you can get 50% off their new security system with a select professional monitoring plan. Just Visit SimpliSafe dot com slash bs. 50% off this offer is only valid for one week. So Visit the website now SimpliSafe for two eyes SimpliSafe dot com slash bs. There's No safe like SimpliSafe.


This episode is brought to you by Buffalo Wild Wings go take out and delivery from Buffalo Wild Wings is now Buffalo Wild Wings go and for a limited time you can get 10 free boneless wings from Buffalo Wild Wings Go when you spend $15 and use promo code go boneless. Which by the way, I'm a boneless guy. Sorry I just love It You know some people are like boneless wings depending on the situation. Some people are hardcore wings. I'm a boneless guy. It makes it easier for boneless too. When you try any of the bub sauces, you can just smear 'em right in there. They have a crazy amount of sauces and dry rubs, which You should know. if you've been to Buffalo Wild Wings, there's like 26 of them. My favorites Nashville Hot I really like the orange chicken. And I'm an original Buffalo guy and if I had to pick one, I would pick the Nashville Hot 'cause re like my mouth feeling hot when I'm eating Boneless Chicken. Let's be honest Wings. They're the one true football food. So the fact that you can get 10 of them free while you watch I don't know the first Sunday action when they have all those games. In the early games you can just flipping around Maybe, you got a little multiview action, whatever. Eat some wings while you're doing it. It's awesome. Order takeout or delivery from Buffalo Wild Wings. Go while you watch the games this football season. Enjoy your 10 free boneless wings and Maybe. Enjoy some Nashville hot sauce while you're at it. At participating locations for a limited time when You order in the Buffalo Wild Wings web or app.


Coming back we're gonna talk about the Nuggets I. Just quick Rob Dillingham thing off of Minnesota. Yes, fascinating preseason stuff from him. And I don't I don't know What. We're gonna get from him during the season. But, I'm excited for it. There's a couple moments where you can, it's like whoa, this they, you actually use this. This is unpredictable guy who can, who can just go by people and do things. They're A good for an office. So the fact that yes you can That proactive and then knowing with all the pick tax still do on the Gobert deal that when they did That, It was like You know What. They saw It makes You feel good when you're watching people like they need somebody else who's gonna attack from the other side with the ball In hand. can But Also, what's Conley gonna look like eight months from now?


Exactly, exactly. Because He was was he was running on fumes, right? Round three. If Dillingham doesn't go to Kentucky, is Reed Shepherd the number one pick Well I. Think now that We know What We know. Well House and I, we're gonna talk about Che Island later. I Dunno if you've been on Redfin No, this is unbelievable. can I mean you wanna talk about an all time pivot in two and a half months with Isn't it really a pivot with more data? I didn't have an opinion. I I. I'm out on trying to predict foreign guys. The only thing I knew for sure is that the wizard shouldn't take Alex Sar. Where's Scoop from? You Didn't like the Croatia. No. It. Turns out scoop's from Bulgaria can Tell us. Ah, now It makes, Now It makes sense. All right. The Denver Nuggets, they're over under is 50 and a half, which seems offensive because Ole Jokic is in the prime of his career and he is one of the best 15 players of all time.


And they still have Aaron Gordon and Michelob Porter Jr. And Christian Brown and Jamal Murray. Now they have Russell Westbrook, which I can't wait to talk about. Jokic has never played with an all NBA player. And I'm starting to wonder if he ever will because we thought Murray was gonna take a step up and it it went backwards in the playoffs and then the Olympics. I don't know What happen. Was he outta shape? Was he hurt? But? It Was awful. Man can it was so awful. yes. And now they're kind of stuck with their contracts. Unless they can figure out a Porter trade because he makes a lot. Gordon's got an extension Coming up, they just paid Murray. This is kind of the team. And Jokic might go through his entire career without ever playing with an LNBA guy.


Which if you look at the 15, 16 best guys ever, all of them have played with awesome guys and not him. It's a bummer. I mean they, the I understand the thought process that led the Nuggets to signing Michelob Porter Jr. To the contract That, they signed into But. To me that's like the Fulcrum Con contract. That's the thing. They invested so much in that guy That. It prevented them. They lost, you know, in consecutive years guys, That helped them win a ring, right? And What, they have Coming up. TalentWise is just not there. So it. Well and they're, And they're missing picks too 'cause they have some picks going out the window later in the decade. So it's gonna be really hard for this time team to get better, which is how we get to our guy Russ.


He's back. See him set a screen the other night. I was fucking awesome. He's like What are these Six, six teams and seven years off Ball screens. you can do these Six teams in seven years. The two 17 mvp, I I think there should be a hall like even though he is an MVP and he's gonna go into the Hall of Fame I. Think if you're on That many teams in that shorter time, You should have to wait a year To not be in the Hall of Fame. yes. Like, hey, you're eligible this year But. you can, people were talking about You being one of the best players in the league and you ended up in that many different cities in that short of amount of time. But all for the same reasons. Teams, that Teams That talked themselves into What.


He does I, thought he was actually really good in the Clipper's regular season then which Team did he make worse? I'm gonna, I'm gonna try and do a little West Well House is you can pro we, because he made the Wizards good, He taught Denny Abia how to be a professional early in his career. The guy wasn't gonna learn it from the organization. Hall of Fame. Pla Well But look, he you know Like What kind get a career outta it. What like He doing Meth If Russ isn't there, It's impossible to say in Washington. Meth isn't big in Washington. But if only Had been there for Jordan pool in time. Oh God. Oh my God. Who knows Russ's playoff team since 2017 when he won the MVP starting That Playoff Year What Do You think That record is in the playoffs. Ru Westbrook's playoff Teams.


It's, it's gotta be a handful of games below 500 Maybe, 10 games below 500 I. I think, Well I'll give you this. 44 games total. What's the record? Well, if it's 44, it's like I don't knows. 27 and 17. I was gonna say 17 and 27. 15 And 29. It's 13 and 31. Oh my god it's even worse. yes. It's not good. But it good But. It's the whole point. So like, yes. Look, I get What La did because they had health concerns and It was like, hey, his energy alone But, they did it because of the resume and the profile and because active players are so enamored with Westbrook can, they're not watching him critically. yes.


They're not can watching how he fit in if he has the ball every single time down. He is so overwhelming. Athletically and physically. And his, his attitude, he will get you production as You saw in Washington. Okay, That, that's, that's What we wanted from Scoot, right? But, once he is off the ball, it is, it's a waste of everybody's time. yes. And Denver is so thin in the bench. I think they were one sort of desperate to think they were adding somebody. Apparently Jokic wanted them there. They even gave him like the second year option on It when It was, it was kind of an odd deal. They're so thin. That I understand why Denver's doing it. But, I, I would just simply ask this Closing big time games. You're not taking the ball out of the best player in the league's hands. So What is Westbrook doing to your spacing.


We've already seen that not work at all of these other stops. Once he had to be off the ball, he's not a useful player. Can I give you the zag? Sure. Can you imagine how, how amazing it would be if Russell Westbrook at this point of his career, who's in the 2008 draft just turned into this amazing Jokic teammate. We were like, whoa. I didn't realize he, you do all this, this is like Bill Walton on the 86 Celtics Second Bill Walton At these back cuts. No. Why? Why What? He he's hiding it. That's What. I mean I. Also. Look, the Dallas would Be an amazing in Dallas series. It was in here all along. He couldn't get anything done in the Dallas series when they needed him desperately can and they became unhinged.


yes he did. They couldn't play him. So like that's my last, everybody knows how I feel about him as a basketball player. But like that last stretch against Dallas. So if I gave you a house, I gave you, Westbrook is a playoff asset. Westbrook is waved in January so he can catch on with another team. you can only pick one of those two options. What, would you pick Playoff asset? Because I think this is going to be the greatest feat of the Joker's career. Yes. Who has Russell Westbrook played with with at this stage? You know, along he got to play with LeBron. That's pretty good. He got to play with kd. That's pretty good. But. The joker's an entirely different animal. All we've seen the thing that all of that's the most about Hims.


Paul George Durant hardened. They're good. Why? like he, they're good. like He's, he's But. They're not, everybody's enamored with him. They're good. yes. Bradley Beal Also, the Joker's different. The Joker sets his guys up. The Joker is ist first Maybe. It's 15 minutes a game where it's just like can when Joker's not in the game, can You just, that's Fine. Do the offense That. That might be What. It is. Yes. But how screwed they are with the roster. yes. And money. yes and the cost. like they couldn't match the Bruce Brown thing. That's different. yes. The K CCP price is kind of scary for a guy that even in a playoff game, you'd be like, did he play last night? I thought that number was too high. He was What. Was he 7.8 points a game in the playoffs? If he had zero points in the playoff game, would You be shocked?


Is he in your, did he play last night? All stars for you? Oh, totally. Totally. And, and yet You know You look at what's happen here. And Calvin Booth has, has been drafting guys who are like, okay, that guy's played a little bit more. And then you have just that age old conflict between front office and coach. like yes, there was, there was a couple years ago where they were so banged up they didn't have really any offense to close games. And Malone still wouldn't play Michelob Porter Jr. Because he was so mad about his defensive lapses. yes. And Porter Junior was atrocious defensively. Terrible instincts always made like the wrong read would jump in his lane that he wasn't supposed to. So Malone, hardcore old school OG type of coach like I can't have those kind of defensive mistakes reward you with minutes. It's like, dude, you don't have anybody else.


you can get a bucket. yes. And so I think the disconnect from What I can tell is That Booth is keep, he keeps drafting all these guys like Strau, Maybe has a chance. Peyton Watson's like fun and athletic But, none of these guys are shooters. Christian Brown's gonna go up from I, don't know, is he gonna play 35 minutes a game Now He need him to be the 35 minute game starter. That's so bad. They Also talked themselves into Sarge, which is kind of like, he's like discount Westbrook for teams talking themselves into him. Remember the Warriors last year? like Sarge, like in November, good passers Shooting numbers. Okay, Sarge Also second rookie of the year. Voting can a little That a tough little for you. No So it.


And this comes down to if Murray sucks or is just can't get it going this year as a late bloomer. It's gonna be really tough to hit this But. They were 57 and 25 last year. I just can't go against Jokic and I don't I Also kind of deep down don't want to But 51 and 31. I mean he is the best player of his generation at this point. I just can't I I feel the same way. I did this last year with Luka and We argued about it and You were like, That number's too low. I just can't believe Luca's not gonna win that many games. And I look at Jokic, I'm like, it's gonna have, so he'd have to have 32 losses to lose this. It's gonna lose 32 times. The guy plays every game. So I'm going slight over I don't feel great about it.


Can I'm going under. Okay. I think the ceiling, the regular season ceiling for this team is 50 I. Don't think that there's a move out there because of the contract constraints. But, they need talent. They, they're just not good enough. You can't play Christian Brown with however many minutes they're gonna play him. They don't Have, well they're going to can Murray's not good. He can't be healthy and he is not good. So I wish Denver the best of luck. Well, Murray is good. He just hasn't been good. When Is he good? When's he gonna be good? It's Been how many games Josh Iss awesome. Six, seven months. How Many games is he gonna Play? I'm not giving a He was, he was so good two years ago. can I'm not? Yes he was. So we're we're betting on this year. can you yes. Two years Ago. yes.


House is yes. I thought There was a, Was a good throw in there and a Yes. yes. can I think You phrased The one No What is, is we're, we're using present tense. Sure. Alright. Present tense. Woo. Canada Was tough. House is so shook from No I bet against him my won money betting against Canada. No But just them, him just not playing fourth quarters in the Olympics. Nothing Couldn't Play. Although I I. Guess Jason Tatum did either. What do you have Priscilla over under I? Hate going under Jokic. I hate It. yes. Hard. And if you, it's too hard. if you look at the last four years, 57 wins. 50 three wins. 48, 47. So I mean that's a little irrelevant. But, there's a couple stats here that just kind of shock You When You do their resume, they were, they were last than three point attempts per game and then they were Also 29th and free throw attempts per game.


Oh, so you're re like where like now it's another year with like whatever you think A KCP is We I think we're fair about It. You have to guard 'em. There's still other nights there can, and when you look at the depth chart, you're re like, all right, backup up Russ Auther, hunter Tyson who I did love in the combine. Peyton Watson, char or Zeke Notch. like I'm gonna go I sounds like an Under I. Hate It. Well I can't go over over over Minnesota, Denver and OKC. So I gotta pick one to be an under and It was a coin toss between Minnesota and Denver. So I'll go under I, have some Unders coming for the rest of the division. So I felt fine about it. I can't go under on Jokic. It's fine. It's in the prime of his career. I just can't I Probably wrong.


Probably. That's probably I. Don't feel good about It can. It's fine. It's one of my least eight Straight overs. Eight straight overs from Malone. So you know, you're, you can, you're bucking the trend. The under is popular. It's minus 1 32. So everybody's plowing into the, under the public's plowing into, into the under can can I would not bet This can all that Jeff That we're talking about like may not But, if Murray I mean even with weird Murray seasons, like remember the start of last year. yes. And they still won 57 games. I know and they should have been the one season I I. Guess the best thing for this is Jokic plays. Right? Can, can sure Plays. It's A good case. And by the way, this Ago is not picking and Beat when he lost MVP he took under 15 shots a game. Right, right. What It really is is Michelob Porter Jr.


Making a leap that we That we're still kind of waiting, we're Being traded for Brandon Ingram. Can I don't know every you What Does That happen? Every Quote I get from that guy. I am like, I'm just saying you like how you, like, how do you get to a, a mid 51 team There you be like a draft of when You hear a quote from this person, do You that that'd be good. Hoops had spinoff site But just anonymous quotes you to like, There's usually like an Andrew Reese Quote like, oh That sounds like Dwight Howard. We'll all go, Huh? This sounds like a podcast. What do You. You guys have shows. Utah Jazz over under 27 and a half. They were 31 and 51 last year. They added Cody Williams, who's had a couple good Twitter montage videos so far.


I don't know What the fuck this team's plan is. They just have a shitload of pics and a bunch of young guys, they did not wanna trade lower market and I don't I. Also don't think they wanna be good. And my assumption is they're gonna do What. They did last year, which was, they started out 26 and 26. They've done That the last two seasons. You That, But, then they traded guys who were helping them. yes. Including your guy font. nio. yes. Guyo. you Can, They finished five and 25 down the stretch. I feel like that's who we're getting this year, not the 26 and 26 team. So this is gonna be an under for me fellas, where do you stand for Solo. Do you know why they signed marketing? Yes. 'cause he is really good. yes. And they Also did it in a way where he's ineligible to be traded now this year.


can And It sounds. It sounds like, why Would you do That? Because I think for whatever they were getting for him, they already have a bunch of picks. Nobody made an awesome offer. like, like think people Did make an awesome offer. I don't think they wanted hit trade Him. Why? Who made an awesome offer? Golden State I. Think they acted like they were gonna trade him and then were like nah, we're not just to like I. Think angel fucks with everybody. Maybe to What. End But. He did this in Boston too. He'd be like, we're rebuilding. Ah, we're trading for Isaiah Thomas. He was just all over the place. Well 'cause Isaiah Thomas was free and I think he But. He's an asset guy, right? can he's, he's like I, think marketing's an asset if you're not gonna bowl me over, I'm keeping him can But. They're in a weird spot 'cause they still owe the pick from a Derek favor.


Salary dump can from 21. So they owe it to OKC. Of Course. So they're Of course. So it's either it's one through 10 protected this year, one through eight protected Next year. Basically That's our answer. We have our, They have to be in the bottom ten's our It's 27 and exactly and that's, That's probably in the bottom 10. That's 31 wins last year after a, as you said, a disastrous like torch job. like Colin six Sexton was good right? Last year. Some of these young guys like either Kete or Taylor, you know Alki. It's pretty incredibly Credible. Does this team have the most guys that you've watched tape on trying to figure out how much you like them? Yes. 'cause like, like don't watch like I'm gonna crunch him. Sense Ball again.


J Zing I got Jason Preston had the commercial that everybody Like Cody Williams You were fascinated by. Yes. I didn't really get That one and then the Polski stuff, it was like we'll take you buddy. I'm enriched By having Phil John Collins player option hanging around I I bet he exercises it playing 26 and a half million can I I bet. yes. That, we're recording right now. John Cols picking Up Seans hope ESPN has reported credit to agent at xl. I'm going over Will Hardy fuck it. Let's roll. Oh my god. Really? You're going over? yes. They're too well coached. I. Think I. Think this is the LA I. Think they told Will Hardy one more year of this and then we'll start trying to be good would be my guess.


Walker Kessler. Because the thing is that's What Denver would do for Walker Kessler Teams. Well I think That Knicks Ton tried to get him a The Knicks tried to, they they were like pursuing 'em all summer before they finally I. Don't wanna say seven. Larry Only only played 55 games last year too and they still won 31. Yes. But the west wasn't What. It is this year. I don't think Well It wasn't terrible. yes. It's not like it's a completely different landscape. That's better. O okay. But I mean one of the other things that was kind of weird about this season, which should make It easier is That. There wasn't that much movement. like a lot of these teams feel pretty similar. I don't know if you guys felt that house did re for this Utah's we, we have all these different teams.


That have all these picks and it's like they have a ton of picks. I don't love the Utah picks. You mentioned they, they have basically all their own except for the one you mentioned. They have a bunch of mini in Cleveland picks for the rest of the decade. Which I'm just not that excited about. Cleveland locked down their team. They're good. We'll be talking about 'em later. Minnesota I'm pretty bullish on for the rest of the decade. And that's really all they have. So the big one they have in 27, they can swap picks with the Lakers and God only knows is gonna be in the lake. Is it top four protected? I? Think Is That. What It is top four. That's What. I have can, Can. And yes You're right. The research But other than that, This weekend was so they Have good, good batch of picks.


But not any pick like the OKCs, like We have this, these two clipper picks and they're incredible And we, you probably trade this for some of I. Things can change though quickly because you're Also talking about like 27, 28, 29 unprotected true Minnesota's I. Think a top five protected in 20 I mean who knows this league Can. Is it something really weird would have to happen? I would say with Minnesota, 'cause Edwards by the end of this decade would be 27. Edwards would be a Laker dude You think I just wanted see your face? Trying to think how that's gonna be aggregated. Racc s Edwards No Simmons disputes Illa rumor Edwards.


Right Sim Eviscerates. Racc rumor He without words Simmons torches. Racc take future in doubt Spotify. So you're going over Will Hardy. Okay, I am under rolling Up the sleeves. The guy loves a challenge house. You can the tiebreaker I am over. Wow. Just Out. I'm winning this one over brothers. It's fine. Here's here's the thing. There's only two bad teams in the west. There's between five and seven teams. That are bad in the east and Utah needs to be in the top 10 to keep that pick and I. Think That has to be somewhere in the twenties. I think 30 wins is still bottom 10 Well.


Here's the team that's not gonna win 30 games. The Portland Trail Blazers, they're over under his 20. They're 80 in one to make the playoffs 80 to one. They're 21 and 61. Last year they added clinging, they added house guy Abia You let you ended up loving Abia. He made a giant leap last year. yes, he really played Hard. The contract is contract's incredible by the way, do You realize What that contract is four years 55 million and It actually goes down. So in the four goes backwards year, it's 11.875 mm. So it's the Bub Carrington pick. And then you know most fa second most favorable of all these three picks in 29. So They lost Malcolm Broman, they gained Robert Williams back of Celtics fame.


They added your guy Devonte Graham who swung the playoffs when he made a couple shots against Denver last year. They'll Get you 20 if you get 'em the looks. First question, are these the 2020 4 25 trade machine? All Stars Totally. Ooh, Can, can Wow I, I'll give you one 'cause I have de Dreams. That Fit That Deandre Hayton 34 and 35 Next two years. Amie Simons 26 and 28 I can offer you Jeremy Grant 29 three two three four. Denny AV a great contract. We so just spelled It out. Rob Williams need a big guy not play I think's not gonna, this team play is gonna not gonna play. You don't think he's gonna play Well? He is hurt. Even when he is healthy, he's hurt. Remember the 22 finals? It feels like February can But.


He feels like a February trade. So they have multiple guys that I think will be available. Do You all Brief I kind of liked him a little Diebel You know who's who's That guy. They have That. I Love Kamara. yes. can they Won't train him. He's not available. But. I'm going under I. Think this team's gonna suck and we'll be the worst team in the west house. It's under Can No No hesitation reservation Chauncey Billups got into the hall of Fame. That's gonna be his You. Know the thing he gets to hang his hat on for the season. There was a funny thing at the end of last year, That I know Illa loved where Deandre and put together like I got for You five, six weeks of good games. I, you wanted hit You.


Want the numbers? You want the splits. But Then puffed his chest out a little bit about it. Oh can you can You're finally getting to see the real me. People don't understand that I've accomplished everything except individual accomplishments and team accomplishments. Right? So he didn't say That But. I'm waiting for a player to actually say it at some point. So Aton is still only 26. yes. Before the Allstar game he just didn't shoot a lot and other guys just shot all the time. So he is 14, 10, 2 50 6% from the floor. Only 18 games after the Allstar break. But he was 20 three, 12 and a half couple assists, 58% But. He doesn't shoot any free throws anymore. Not that he was a high free throw guy. Even at Phoenix But there'll be somebody.


That will talk themselves into him as an option because there's some teams That need centers out there Now I don't know. You know you're talking about a significant investment in that But. You Mean like New Orleans a team that does not have a Center just doesn't doesn't have one right now. yes. yes. They might need one. yes. I don't they would've to get kind of creative. Of course nothing's really impossible in this league. But. I'm not I. Don't think Aton necessarily loves the whole Part of you've gotta go out there and play. There's fans outside. can the Playing Part, can you? yes. But I mean. See those 20,000 fans, fans, they paid to Be here. He's so talented, he's so gifted physically and all this stuff. like look at those numbers. He gave You post Allstar so he had a nice run and then You know Scoot had a nice little nice little pre and post split where he basically just shot more.


Wait, Can You hold this Can go ahead No the scoop Part Finish. yes you're right. We should, that should be the end of the Portland segment. How would they have been better off taking the Miami trade? Oh that's a Great question. Hero Jokic Duncan Robinson two Miami first and won Miami Swap and instead they did eight in Jr. Holiday of Milwaukee 2029 first and two Milwaukee swaps. Hmm. So I'm gonna make the case. They actually still did the right thing. I just don't think they got enough for Drew I agree With this. If It weren't Miami, would you say I think so here's the thing. I was just telling somebody this the other day. Miami and their whole little annoying media machine that they have.


yes. Fucked up that Portland situation to That Point. Joe Cronin and the Portland people were like, we are never trading with those fucking guys. And they end up making the Dame trade, they get Drew back and now they're re like Drew's like, like wanna be in a contender like we got you we're gonna trade you a contender and they still won't trade 'em to Miami. The team that probably needed him the most. Right. And all the shit Miami did that summer led to them not getting Drew Holiday. Who Also would've blocked Boston from getting Drew Holiday. Well wait instead they had to settle for RO in February. What did they do What What When you say all the shit they did, What did. like they tried to force Portland, Montana. You Is That. What we saying you were there that summer. I understand But they, they did 90 different ways about how fucking stupid Portland was for not taking their hero deal.


Yes, yes, yes. And we were calling It on the podcast. All these different media people, That, let's be honest, are a little Miami heat friendly. And they were super agro about it. Well But, Everybody else is wrong. Was my favorite. Part yes. Of That. yes was like No. Everybody else is wrong. It's like so your bias is the right one. Got it. And I think Portland got pissed off because the fact that they didn't trade Drew to Miami. yes. Tells me they were pissed off. Plus I've heard they were pissed off. Look, hero was so bad in that Celtics series, right? And especially like I mean Miami was, was struggling for bodies. So normally You wouldn't be like, Hey you're checking we have to put Caleb on Tatum. So you are gonna be playing, you're gonna be guarding Jalen Brown.


And those games will start be like, this is, this is ugly. like hero's a really talented guy. But, he probably profiles like a little lower than than he does. So He wasn't What. Portland needed. I'll tell You that Much. And then, and then with the contract like, like you totally understand Portland going We don't need another like guy. That just kind of comes in. That's sort of a, a high level shotmaking. you like flawed player and all these different things. So I I don't know the Aton Part of It. It depends on What. You think of Aton. It depends on What. You. Think of Aton You know. Would You rather have I Think you and I were hiring on him than most a couple years ago. I feel like they needed to nail that holiday trade. Maybe the other team was the Clippers because I think the Clippers were pretty desperate pre hard and trade to do something, make something happen.


And that that you have been another place for em. All this is an important Part of the podcast. It's a new gimmick for the runners. We're doing an investor relations call. I didn't tell you this was coming. It's Scoot Henderson stock. We do this call once a year. We have some Scoot Stock. can I wish there once a year? can I feel like I you do it seven Times can. So I'm calling the meeting in order. Priscilla, how we feeling? We feel like the the analysis was correct, But the outcome is wrong. Tremendous upside. Still all the upside that We imagined is is is there Well we have a a guy Jalen Suggs down at our Orlando branch who still is bullish on Scoot.


So we're gonna follow his lead on this string. Hmm can Gotta be honest. The goggles freak me out A little I wish I had known about the eyesight before, before we bought that big position on Scoot. The breakout video of the preseason stuff where he said What did You learn. He was like, the food scared me a bit. Not I didn't see That one. It's not wrong. Which food? They were like, what'd you learn about your first year? He was like, oh the food and I was like, Fuck Damnit, how about slash and Kick? I'm not giving up But Well. We can't. We can now. Yes we're too. Yes, too many shares can totally fine We. There's No way. You would just be getting outta It's a whole, it's a hold position, it's a hold position. We're here we're it's a hold position. Okay. I would tell investors though, You, we've gotta diversify it a little bit.


like hey The Nasdaq five hundred's looking good guys, you, you might, let's get back in. can might S&p 20% of your position on this. He looked cling, he was terrible. But, here's a stat for you. yes. So if you go per 100 possessions, all players in the NBA Scoot was the second worst in turnovers per 100 possessions. Now he did have that second half little, there was some nights But, some of that's fool's gold. Sometimes the biggest mistakes in evaluated are made during those last six weeks of the NBA season where guys are mailing It and You don't really know who's playing But. At least We had something right? At least it's like Caleb Williams against the bad NFL teams after a tough couple games like you. Right?


You can't even like Put Caleb Williams in front of three bad defenses. You start feeling better about Caleb Williams, right? I can't even like enjoy the bad games or the bad opponents. s yes with Caleb Williams. yes. All that. yes. So anyway, so second worst on the turnover per 100. Guess who's number one? Weby. So we're good. Wow. All right. Thanks. We're ajour the meeting Over. Over. Oh yes over. So you went over on everybody except Denver Did a yes over on Portland can. Why it's a low number. It is a low number. It's a true can. Well It's not low enough in my opinion. We're gonna take a break and then we're gonna do the Southwest


This episode is brought to you by Michelob ULTRA from Tipoff to hoist in the trophy. Celebrate every moment of the WNBA finals with a Michelob ULTRA in hand. The WNBA is so hot. We just launched a Ringer WNBA show podcast can That's Happily. yes. You know What goes Well with It make low B ULTRA the taste super smooth low calories and carbs. Why not save on calories if you're drinking a good beer? re like to keep nice and cold. It's just really good. And You got the WNBA finals like all kinds of crazy matchups might add the two best teams in the league playing in round two. It's gonna be amazing. We'll see how far Caton Clark and goes. You're not gonna wanna miss a moment. Stock up on Michelob b ULTRA for the WNBA finals Michelob ULTRA Superior Light Beer. Enjoy responsibly copyright 2024 Anheuser-Busch Michelob B ULTRA registered Light Beer St. Louis, Missouri.


This episode is brought to You by Better Help I. Don't t know about you? But. I am ready for all the spooks and scares this year. I'm a ghost guy. I believe in ghosts. I've talked about it on the podcast many times. If you've had an experience interacting with one of them, you understand What I mean But. That's the fun of Halloween. you can have fun with What scares You. you can embrace the ghost. Unfortunately, You can't do That all the time or even with all your fears. So What do You do with something. That is holding You back or something that you're afraid to confront. The answer is simpler than you think it's therapy. Therapy can help in so many different ways like teaching you positive coping skills, how to set boundaries, how to be your best self. And if you think therapy you be a good option for you. Try out better help. Everything is entirely online so it's convenient and flexible. It can easily fit into your schedule and if things aren't working out with your therapist, you can switch to a new one for No additional charge. So go conquer your fears Visit better help.com/ Bill Simmons today to get 10% off your first month. That is better help hlp.com/ Bill Simmons.


Alright the southwest includes the Dallas Mavericks that made the BA finals last year and have an over under of 50 and a half wins. There're plus one 30 for the division five to one for the conference. 11, one for the title plus 6 51 seed. Last year there were 50 and three two, they finished 24 and nine in the last 30 three games and then 12 and five in the first three rounds. They had a 28 and nine stretch at some point before they hit the finals. And I feel like that's the Dallas team we're getting even before We talk about all the ads and the drops. They lost Eric Jones, they lost Hardaway Jr. They lost Josh Green, they added Clay, they added Marshall, they added Grimes, they added Dinwitty I.


Don't understand why this team wouldn't be like a, at least a 52 and 30 team. And that's before we get into the Luka MVP stuff. CE is DAOs better, worse or the same this season? They're better because I really like What. They did I love Najee Marshall. We all know that I even like the Grimes pickup a full season with Gafford and Washington But then having a lively combination there. And then you know Jayden Hardy who I thought was just like really scary except amazing athletically coming out in the draft. like you've just seen a few moments with him. Even if he's just green light, as soon as he laces him up, I think they're better. But I still went under wow by a hair can.


It's Interesting. Shocked. Okay Well. It's 50 and a half. They won 50 last year, so you're saying yes they win 50 again this year. 49 Can I mean It's just more about the West. I mean You. you even break through some of the numbers where You know it's funny because there's a lot of stuff where it was like, oh You have to ignore the year long numbers because they're a different team now and the defensive numbers are better and all this stuff and like some of it improves like there's a defensive jump in there offensively. They're basically the same three point stuff. They're basically the same But, they were 12th in net rating post Allstar break and they made it to the NBA finals What About the Super Bowl hangover though I don't see It with with them That wrong sport. Oh there's A little Kyrie baked into That too.


Maybe, okay, Okay. Like Kyrie, we did Get the very best Said and did all the right things last year. Now the best Kyrie's behavior like ripping right now. yes, It's, it's a great point. It's a great point. Wow. See in my I didn't put factor into my analysis. The Kyrie variance it What's 48 or 49 like that's What. I'm thinking I don't I don't think they're gonna be bad. It's the same Luka premise. But the number was so low last year and not Mature. Not mature Kyrie. This is just who he is now. Maybe. It is who he is. I mean that's great. That'd be awesome. You know But, he Also. The funny thing is he completely skates through having awful playoff performances now because Really bad in the finals s yes, yes, yes. You yes. It's a good point. And I think he wanted it a so bad because it was Boston.


yes. like can you know can, he's burning the sage and he's talking about all this stuff and none of It matters and What his time. There's a game, three Money's a construct and it's like can But You really wanted hit stick it to Boston, like it fucked You up a bit out there. Maybe Game three. yes. Which I watched over the summer when Luka gets, he fouls out with What. Four minutes left And there's That moment where it seems like this would be amazing if Kyrie ends up saving the day here and making it a two one series and it was all set up on a platform and then he didn't come through. Yes. And there was a sampling of that and the Nets where he decided, oh I'm gonna try to take these But it's over. And We said this, after the finals Boston defense would cheer him. Now it's over. Yes. It's like when we cheered Rivera a yes. Just like and in two 2005 opening day. yes That Was awesome.


That was the fucking best how? And he Smiled too. Remember Rivera just started like Laughing. He like But. That's Rivera was the que can It was so hard to unbelievable. Not like Rivera can I mean I hated him. But Can No But, You But. He was one of those guys where you're re like I can this guy's cool I. Think I mother fucked him for like eight straight years. But can No. He's awesome. How's Luka is 30 three, nine and nine. The last two seasons he is 30.9 points a game and 50 playoff games. Second behind just mj. He's 28.7 points a game for his career, which is only Jordan and Wiler higher. He might've had the best six season statistical start to a career since Ka Abdul-Jabbar has No MVPs house I think he wins the MVP this year.


Which is why one of the reasons I'm going over I think and the MVP odds not allowed to bet on it. But I think he's the logical MVP choice this year 'cause and be's out Jokic nobody. He's there's I. Don't know What he would have to do to win another MVP I. Just don't think anyone's voting for him again and unless Edward steps up or SGA averages 32 a game. Right? I think SGA is probably SGA. Would the one Line like a one seed with Luka a yes. if you had to do like an MVP bracket, who would the one seeds be? It's probably an S and Luka. EVC goes 64 and 18 and S of People average last year. Yes. can But I would he you you great in the voting Right? I would, I would pick Luka because I just would find it hard to believe he's not gonna win an MVP 'cause he is too good.


I feel the exact same way. I am super over on this Dallas team. The only thing that can derail it is is injuries. And it's, you have to say it like with a little more oomph in this situation. 'cause Kyrie and Luka have both missed chunks of time over the years. But it is. I've lit my notes. Say Luka, MVP year. They went 24 9 over the last three, Three games. So year seven, which is always a good can, good time can Luka plus three 30 on FanDuel Shea is plus four 10 Jokic four 80 Giannis eight to one Edwards nine to one. Brunson is 12 to one. And I don't think anyone else has a chance. I have them basically taking the place of Denver in Denver. 57 wins last year.


I have Dallas jumping all the way up there in Denver going back down. They're basically trading spots. It sounds like a lock for You house. I'm getting I'm it's gonna be close. I I have It in brackets right now. But, yes. I really like What. They did I think they got better I. Think the guys that they brought in are better than the three that they said goodbye. Farewell to I. Have another fa Question for you. Has go Ahead On the, on the scale of Stars reinventing themselves as role players on new teams with 2001 Mitch Richmond being the lowest and 2013 Ray Allen being the highest. Where is K Clay Thompson gonna be? Oh wow. Reinventing closer To Richmond or closer to 2013. Ray Allen Sorry about That.


I re like it closer to Ray Allen I think they're just gonna ask so little of him. I don't think that they need a ton and and it's gonna be splashy when he comes in and hits, you know, five threes in a quarter. Everybody's like, oh my god they have clay. Look at What. Clay did I don't think that they're gonna put the pressure on him to do anything. He It was too much pressure he couldn't do What. Golden State needed him to do last year. I think he'll be fine for What Dallas Stills gonna ask of him. Well he still averaged 18 a game. But then when you get through the summer and you read some of the stories and some of the quotes and even some of the stuff Draymond and Steve Kerr and Curry said It really seemed like he was a mess last year. Emotionally It does seem like that. I I think he had a lot of, lot of trouble with the last two years and especially when he didn't get the contract he just seemed like a mess.


And it it, and even people who loved him and played with him forever were like he needed a fresh start. Now I don't know What point of his career. He is at I. Didn't think he you play defense anymore. Illa. I agree. I think he you guard anybody. No. I. Don't think you can guard anybody either. But, me either. I mean if you threw, if you asked somebody like, Hey What, do You think Clay shot the last couple years from three and people would be so he was like 41 39 can and high like almost 10 attempts per game. I would agree on the defensive side. I would agree on the same like animosity in the contract stuff like You know there was a number out there and then he didn't take it and then you re like damn I kind of wish I had taken that and then it looked like Golden Estate was totally fine. We're trying to reinvent stuff around Steph. Whatever version of this is That, we'll get to But re like it for him.


re like It for him. 'cause I just think off of two creative guys that have so much attention. like Clay's job is gonna be like really easy Man. Do not leave him alone. Totally Agree with this. And he averaged 18 a game last year, which I'd forgotten Lot. And by the way it like seems like a lot like a whole bench thing. Remember like when We got his emo like I love Clay, okay, yes, I'm a huge Clay fan. I will always be. And so even all the bumpiness and him being What, he was honest, he felt real. He was fucking oddly funny like in a goofy can kind of fun way. And if you want to knock it like we've got access to so many of these guys for so many years. That, there's always gonna be somebody like, oh I think I disagree with That But like, like loved his personality and his approach throughout all of It because it felt so genuine.


yes in comparison with the other guys. Agree. So I, I'm just gonna have a hard time like being upset with anything about like I hope this works out for him and I think it's going to be really, really easy. like PJ and Jones had those incredible like moments shooting from three. yes But, It was, there was a real like variation there with both of those guys. Can my fear It might not manifest itself into the playoffs is you can just putting out Luka, Kyrie and Clay altogether. I'm not gonna be able to guard anybody. I can't guard anybody with those three. Just Najee comes in, saves the day. yes. I can't wait for I, can't wait for Dallas to experience Najee Marshall Did people know You took their Under Well?


But like a game, you know, fine. Can Najee Marshall's gonna be, there's been, There were very few totals where I went. That's stupid. What's your crunch time for this team when round two down Two one. Well I still listed as as a backup I. Guess But. Is Clay crunch time for you? Or is he a bench guy? Because I don't think he can be a crunch time guy for this team. If you're Also gonna play Luka and Kyrie No, it's a, It's can you're just just haunting everybody. you re like oh my God because Derek Jones like imagine against OKC can. That's the thing like all their swings, you play defense last year and Clay unless something changed. All right, so I'm over. Illa is under ladder Work.


50 and a half in house is over. All right. The Memphis Grizzlies a team that I have changed my opinion on they're over under multiple times mainly 'cause it keeps going up house. It's at 47 and a half now. Oh fantastic. Plus two 70 for the division. That Sounds like an under 14 to one one C. I'm Happy playoffs minus 2 45 little be There from house. Last year there were 27 and 55. Everybody was hurt. They added Zach, Edie Marcus Smart's coming back. We'll see What What stage of his career. He's in Jaren. Jackson's already hurt. He didn't decide to do it during the season this year.


He said fuck It and it happen before the season. Jaw's back and You take a special joy in Memphis injuries and I don't know if it's 'cause of Erno or What is It. It's a little bit of rna. can No But, they've had I mean they've had bad luck. like Brandon Clark tearing his Achilles can. That's you sucks. Bad luck. But Jar, Jackson, I, I do have suspicions of his skinny body banging bodies for eight months a year. like it's just, it's a lot to ask But now they have Zach, Edie, we'll talk about Edie Island later. I am under I was way more excited about this when it was like 44 and a half, 47 and half with all the variables, with all the injury stuff with that fact that they're counting on Edie who?


I really like I, don't know What version of Marcus Smart. We're getting anymore I Don't know if Jaw's head on straight house. It's an under for me. It is an easy under for me because they can win 47 games and I still win the bet. And that's 20 game improvement which seems like the right amount of improvement for the chemistry experiment that they're about to undertake. And It has been a chemistry experiment. You know now for for three seasons going on now because Ja can't be on the court and triple J can't be on the court and Experiment is very generous. Noun. Well I mean because Someone say co a controversy laden three years, You just want a rotation.


Can you have eight guys that are gonna play and they say oh this is our rotation and then Next year, oh it's the basically the same eight guys. Maybe we saw somebody in, they just don't have That. Well they Also have they were relying on these young dudes last year who I really liked like Gigi Jackson, Vince Williams and I. Wonder if there's a little bit of a 2019 he's Celtics thing or something. Gigi's hurt. Who is Gigi's Hurt? yes. How long is he out for? He's out like two months. Oh, two more months. So he had foot surgery a month ago. Thought Evaluat I thought was gonna be back Time in three months. Jesus No No Triple J's out, Gigi's out I. Don't wanna edit that. You know What, even the greats. Hey you Lost track of my hurt Grizzlies. It's Okay. can I lost I lost track of the 11th band on the Grizzlies.


But? yes. It is just a lot of variables for me. Where do you stand Priscilla? Over Great Love It. Look, it's my favorite stat. It is my favorite stat of any of the preparation over the last week. 30 three players played in the game for the Grizzlies last year. Mm 30 three like I was looking through minute dispersal trying to look at all the injury stuff you of like okay, how many games the guys played. Guy who's your favorite guy that played was there, was there Maybe, Vince Williams I meant just favorite I can't believe he did. He played a minute for that team guy I thought Jeff Malone getting a few minutes was surprising. Jeff Malone from the eighties can how Jeff Malone's like guy, he was working at Home Depot and they were like the corner three do You want to do you want to get some run in?


And they, he was like, oh pick up I love this. And they were like No, it's actually a game. So I'd have No the Home Depot thing's not true. Look, they went 51 and 31, they went 56 and 26 the previous two seasons. I saw the recent jaw ad campaign where I was like, oh, so okay this is What we're doing. And in reality I started thinking about it a little bit more I. Think for the Grizzlies to be the best version of themselves and for Ja to be the best version of himself is he needs to be without blame. He needs to be delusional. He needs to think everybody else is wrong. Ah and just attack, attack, attack. Okay. And I don't want him thinking about anything. I want him just going to the rim with this ferocity. That made us all fall in love with him in the beginning. I think he's paid his dues as far as the punishment.


Part of It. I don't want him reflective I don't want him to see him mature. I want him irrationally. This sounds like the last four episodes of the Menendez brothers show. 'cause he's not gonna do, it's all circled around. He's not gonna do any of the stuff That the public wants him to do. And that might be better suited for him to just get back into the court and attack. And so I don't think they're gonna have even like there's No way. So counter, it's like Bain played 42 games. Clark played six Triple J actually played 66 marks and only smartly played 20 games. Now everybody's favorite player is Zach. Edie, which I think is can Maybe you a little bit too much momentum on That one. The number's higher because of What they've been together. So I'm actually gonna go the other way with this and go over I. Love it.


It's fine. I don't feel I. Enjoy It super strongly about It either way. yes I just, there were more things that made me nervous about going over than under just I just would like, like I you see them going 52 and 30, they'd be fine. I it. It doesn't seem likely to me without Triple J, But y. You know They Also you be in mess job's. Incredible mess, Right? Can I I, this was one of three teams where I was like, all right, I'm doing the, if my life depended on It, What would I do. And I was like I just going over on a team that has this many variables like, Like the over a lot, lot more. Last night, No I, somebody had to take it. What Was Happily. Yes. Last night somebody had to take It. Dunno Watched that ad. I think That was the first time I saw the jaw ad and I went, Hey, instead of being upset and they're re like, this guy's not taking any accountability.


I was like good. Well let's do the jam around outcome pie chart house. And the the outcomes can be first or second team all NBA all star good start or injury prone or it's a mess again. What would You, where would You put the percentages? What would you do first or second team all NBA like 12 15%. yes. Not very big. That's a pretty small slice. What about devastating hip dislocation. Oh No, my god. Don't do That. God don't do percent don't do that. Come on, don't do that. I would say first team, it would have to be really special. But. God they were so good.


yes, They So so good. There can for a little stretch. yes. It's not like Can I would say probably 10 to 12 All star to me seems in like the 25 to 30%. That's the biggest slice of pie to me. Yes, you're right. I Do like good start or injury prone is probably second biggest. Part. I don't I just Don't wanna root for That. But Can. Well I'm you can, right? I'm I'm We're doing alcohol lane pie bla pie. And then he's a mess off the court. No. And this season goes badly is probably 10%, 12% I. This is where I don't know how popular this is. But like when We say mess off the court in the historic moments of people being a mess off the court, like Distraction, right? That causes him to miss games. yes, Sure. But like if you want to go through all the guys Go through like the seventies and eighties, well Not We didn don't even have to do that.


you can do recent stuff. yes. like can Jaw's not in the same tier of of the, of some of these guys. yes. That have can fucked up can. My guess is Allstar Had that But, he Also those guys. Also were not supposed to be the face of the league 'cause we, we You know the league was hoping two years ago That Ja would be the face of base. I. No. The way that We're doing What happen with Edwards is What they wanted hit Happily. yes. With Jas. Exactly Right. That deal. yes. Nike signature shoe. yes. That Most exciting social media All star American player Edwards kind of took it. So there's a, there's a scenario re like this where he's awesome this year partly because Edwards took the spot that was sitting there for Him. re like this, It's a Zach Edie investors relations call.


It's to, we've taken a position on Zach, Edie the ninth pick in the draft. I just I think he's gonna be pretty good for them. I'm excited to watch him because he's a weird NBA player in a league where everybody is looking increasingly the same re like that he has to be out at the end of games because he can get fouled and we'll make the last two free throws. I think it's gonna be really hard to guard I. Think there's gonna be certain matchups where they're re like Jesus Christ Zach Edie has 18 points in the first half. There's gonna be other games where it's like wow, they can't hide him on defense. I'm gonna I recommend a small purchase of BD stock here. Okay, you in-house for Veno very small buy, I'll add some eie to the portfolio.


But. It's like It's spec money Celo. Look here, here's What. I would ask, are You actually going to throw it to him in the post? like you can, you're going, you're going to do that because if we go who led the league in post ups last year it was Jokic with eight. All right. Embi was second at less than five. So that's not What anybody Does Al Jefferson led the league in post up touches like post like real post up. That was a great era. I love that Al Jefferson like with 20 and it was only like 10 years ago. If you you redo Al Jefferson or D Brown's career and you, you only redo one, which one would You redo?


Big Al Man I just feel like he had bad luck for three straight years with dumb injuries. I know I Loved him. I loved him 'cause he just, you know, I thought he, You have been a 25 point a game guy. He was Unguardable on the block. yes he had great feet, great hands. yes can I didn't even know That body was bad Luck. yes. You know But. So the re like if you're telling me the guy That lit it up like sometimes you re like okay Well, he's seven four I just didn't think a team would actually want to run an offense that way 'cause nobody does it anymore. can so I guess if you're gonna take him in the top 10 then It means you're going It do something that nobody does anymore. I think the number five guy in post up was Shung goon at three 0.8 a game. So is Edie getting 10 Shang Go got hurt and then Houston played better without him.


you like what's going on here? But, That's perfect because then you think of like the best version of J Space it out, let him attack No help. So where's Zach? Edie when that's Happily. yes. He took Two threes his entire college career. yes. So I think the the Ed like stuff that we're seeing is is kind of awesome. like good for him. You know But specific to I, guess if you invest in this kind of picking him, you're gonna do That. But does That does that get in Jaw's way a little bit. And then of course I'll You know. You know So. it sounds like You don't wanna buy in on eating How? And now we'll cover You. Small bit, small taste. I'm a little higher on him. But I the Jo thing. What You What is It then What What is it Because there's gonna be games?


Okay Like they play New Orleans and New Orleans is like we still don't have a center. Herb Jones we're playing Herb Jones and this messy guy and We may play Zion at center in Memphis be that's great we're just gonna post up Z ed and he's gonna score on all these fucking dudes. I think there's games like that. I think he's a situational asset, right? I wouldn't want against the Lakers probably not playing them. You know against the Warriors if they have dray on it's like yes. Let's see What, this looks like let's post up Dre on a couple times and see how it goes. yes, It might be like a really successful Novelty. That I don't know it's like a Percy Harvin. It's like those receivers That, they're re like can he is gonna, we're gonna run options with him and weird reverses and swing passes.


All right, new Orleans, speaking of they're over under his 45 and a half and they added Deonte Murray and Daniel Te Russo's favorite player. They lost yo uni. They still have Brandon Ingram who they made the mistake of saying That. They were probably trading during the summer and then nobody made an offer. They don't have a center unless you count Daniel Tyson. Zion's in good shape. Yes he looks Shack looks good, it's awesome, Looks like older and just felt like it was a fast forward to four years from now. I'm an under on this at 45 and a half.


I. Don't feel great about it. I think this season's really hard. But the west is too good and I have too many questions about What this team is gonna do defensively. How much is Zion gonna play I the Murray McCollum Ingram Zion as four your five guys just seems super weird to me from a ball kind of who's gonna be happy in that scenario standpoint. Those seem to be like four guys. That need the ball. It just feels like this team isn't the team they're gonna be in February. I feel like this is, this would be my pick for something weird. Some trade is gonna happen with this team. What do You have S? yes I'm in the same boat. I don't like a team starting off the season with a guy that they they didn't intend to have on the roster.


yes it feels like, feels slightly awkward. Feels like they're a wizards team basically. You've been in that scenario many times. Sure Andre Blotch is back And I was super blown away by Willie Green last year. I thought down the stretch that New Orleans really had an opportunity to make some noise. Get into the playoffs. I really thought because they have a really like dynamic roster in terms of What. They you do defensively can if everybody's healthy. The guy that doesn't fit that is Ingram, which made him so super expendable. But, he's on the roster so it's an under for me. I. I can't You know I just can't invest in the idea. That, there's upside You know they won 49 games and their total 45 and a half.


It's crazy And the under is minus 1 32. So everybody's buying The under on this team and I'm gonna go right along with them. Illa Larry Nance and Dyson Daniels were in that trade for Murray and Nance was somebody that was finishing games for them and gave them a little You. Know I, don't wanna say small ball But a smaller ball and I just thought he was really valuable for them. And I don't like the mix of guys enough to go over say they're gonna be 46 or higher. But, you're a Zion guy. You made It No secret can Where are You Over under Under What happen The the Pelicans I Love You Know remember a couple of years ago I'd be like You know you look one through 13.


yes I'll take their one through 13. That's kind of true against anybody. It was for a while And now Dyson Daniels is gone. Maybe they can pick up Usman Jang. I'll be excited about it again. But Murray hasn't defended like in San Antonio. He's get this defensive rep and I don't see it anymore. re like cj, like I kind of go man, Murray, CJ Ingram, Zion like that should be good enough for a high forties win total like it should be 49 or 48 Or or it's a fantasy team, Whatever. Look Zion's 24 and he played 70 games last year and That the worst possible time he goes out in the play yes playing game and you're re like, here we go again. And you know he'd played 29 total games the last two years.


So it's a bit of a Zion thing and as much as re like Herb and re like Rene Murphy and I, think Jordan Hawkins still has a chance. 'cause I thought his shot making in That draft was like the most NBA ready shot making. And you can get stuck behind all these other dudes like an Marshall But. Well I I think the Nance Point That you made Bill I Is Maybe a precursor to What we have now with the main rotation Because when You look at that matchup against the Thunder, you're thinking okay Valance, Eunice is massive and now Chet's gonna have to deal with him can and then can the Valance Enu is getting all these rebounds, right? But yet Willie Green wanted hit close with Larry Nance because he wanted hit be more adaptable to all the ball handling You saw with Thunder can. So I think that might be Part of the reason We have this version now because Willie Green even said like he's not the five, we're not talking about fives, we're talking about position lists.


I do think there's some credence to That But. It's the end of the day. End of the day somebody's gonna have to guard to the other centers and it's gonna be Herb Jones. A lot of time I think there's certain nights where you Go I don't like that at All. Dude. like We love Herb Jones. yes. Find three guys not in Orleans. I want Herb Jones like guarding Luka. I want guarding everybody. SG Like E. So Also, they don't really have other defenders like him, you know 'cause they got rid of Daniels. Zion's not a he's, he's better than the disaster he was at the beginning of his career. But even like you can bringing Trey Murphy and Hawkins off the bench. Those guys aren't locking anyone down either. Trey's, Trey's pretty active and he's long as hell. So I don't want him guarding Luka. No Well I mean You. Know I don't want him Guarding Tatum.


You can gonna lose those anyway. Especially with the Luka one. This one, it already feels weirder than it needs to be before the season starts. So that's under for me dog. And where did their picks go? They have all their firsts. They have a Milwaukee swap in 26. They have either a Bucks or New Orleans first in in 27. And that's It like that. That Lakers trade is basically paid out. 'cause they put that That pick in the, in the Murray trade. I said it earlier. I'll say it again. I think trading trade Murphy might be the ultimate move for this team. 'cause I think he would ha I think he would bring back the most and It would solve some of the issues they have.


But I don't know What. The move is. Anyway, I'm going under. So we're all under on this. Geez, tough times I guess we'll find out how good Deonte Murray is 'cause there's been a lot of excuses the last three years and his stats are good. And that's about It. Let's take one more break and then we'll do the last two teams, which are probably the most fun two teams to talk about.


This episode is brought to You by State Farm State Farm State Farm helps you score an affordable price when you choose to bundle home and auto insurance with the personal price plan. Bundling home and auto. That's a pro move. Just another way you can save on your insurance needs. Talk to a State Farm agent today to learn how you can bundle and save with the personal price plan like a good neighbor. State Farm is there. Prices are based on rating plans that vary by state coverage. Options are selected by the customer availability. Amount of discounts and savings and eligibility vary by state.


This episode is brought to you by In Power. You got money. Questions like, can I retire early? What are my best savings options. Can I afford to pay for my kids' education? Luckily, empower has all the answers. With empower's realtime dashboard and real live conversations, you get clarity on your real life financial goals. So join 18 million Americans and Empower. What's Next? Start today@empower.com. Tap the banner or Visit this episode's page to learn more. Sponsored by Empower, not an endorsement or a statement of satisfaction by a client.


Houston Rockets. Some action today house. We're at 40 three and a half for the over under and it dropped down to 42 and a half there plus one 30 to be in the plan. They're minus one 15 to be in the playoffs. They added Reed Shepherd. This is the most fun depth chart to look at of any of the 30 teams. She Jabari, Dylan Brooks, Jalen, green Van Wheat as the starters. Shepherd, Thompson, Easton, Whitmore, Silla, guy Landell, Stephen Adams. Jay Sean Tate who I sneaky T like for a three. Adam 12. yes. I. Even write 'em down.


Jock Landell, the Spurs didn't know how to use them. Is there a bigger high ceiling, low basement team than this? You? you talk me into 35 wins. yes, you, you tell me they're gonna win 51. Well, I don't know why they're gonna win less. Why are they gonna win less? I don't know mean unless just the math of all the wins that are available. Lost. Well there's one there actually. You know I love this theory. The too many guys theory, I do have too many guys. They have too many guys. yes, all, all those guys, I listed are like, I'm better than that guy. I should be playing 30 minutes a game. They have a lot of, I should be playing 30 minute a game Guy would be my fear. This feels like a veteran Gene. And Luke Stone's did an awesome job with the roster he has. Okay, But, there's Also people. That would tell You like, You can't do it this way because now You have 15 guys all thinking they're supposed to be in the hall of fame.


can But I mean whatever? I'd rather have Problem like Cam. Cam Whitmore is their ninth guy can and I guarantee in practice he is like, I'm killing everybody in this practice. Right? Or he, he's looking at Reed Shepherd the first day of practice being like, I'm gonna lose minutes to this guy. And then Reid Shepherd makes a 28 foot in his face this bumpkin. Yes. Well that's another thing like Reed Shepherd might, in some cases be more effective than Van Vite. like they have these situations where on the one hand, You, you say, well their bench is gonna be awesome. And the other hand they're gonna be in these weird situations where somebody might be playing over somebody who's finishing games. We already talked about the cha goon Part where they we have not, Where they were better without 'em. Better Without 'em. Jabari Smith looked great as a stretch five. Basically.


Yes. If there's any coach that I trust to figure It out, it's Even I was really scared. What You were gonna say there, when you paused, you were like, if there's any Coach I trust, I was like No house No to figure it out. Good To figure it Out. Good play. We good spot. Yes. yes. We've We've moved beyond. yes. No I think that Houston is super duper exciting, super loaded. To me the biggest challenge is figuring out Jalen Green. Mm. They gotta figure out What they're gonna do with that dude. Not sure That. He's The I feel. This is the best I've felt about him. Oh Well that's great. yes. Okay, well that helps me. It's a super over for me. I love this Houston team I think there are gonna be battling for seven, eight I.


Don't even, you know, I, I I think they're gonna like have a high enough record that they're gonna, they might Host the seven eight playin. I'm intrigued by the Jalen GR green question too. Silla, because What did, he was like 27, 28 a game there for a month. It was when sh go went out. I think It was The KC game like Last March. yes. Trying to remember. yes. There were real moments where it was like holy shit. yes. This guy's figured it out. But, there's a lot of guys in this team who need the ball. Can It used to be a bunch of guys playing basketball without each other? Right? You know It was, it was like four famous people on a podcast. That have all had a really good run and they're re like, let's start a podcast this week and you can just like What the fuck the fuck guys doing.


like that's how they, the Rockets used to look can and I used to enjoy how much I hated it. Serious. I'm like these guys are so I mean then Well We used to have That joke about whoever got the ball over half court got to shoot. Exactly, Exactly. But I didn't feel like they were like that down the stretch last year. No But I. Think the Van Lea Dylan Brooks numbers that even though when they came out you're re like oh my God. like What are You paying those guys you like people were making China jokes for Dylan Brooks after That Laker series when he was in Memphis. They're re like, or I'm gonna get like 60, 80 million bucks. can so What happen was I I think a couple adults in the room and Jalen I See I if I'm a rocket fan.


I I love how talented Shung goon is. But I can't unsee What. That Stretch was like And I it's a higher ceiling with how We know basketball is played. Where You have to have a guy like Jalen Green. yes. And Shung Goon. It's a little more mixed on Can You win four straight rounds and the guy you're running an offense through Can and I'm starting to worried about Jabari like not showing enough of the Highend stuff where ball handling was a question for him coming outta Auburn. yes. And you know he just doesn't really get, there's a lot of like during the bad Jalen stuff I'd be like, can you guys find him once in the corner? And it didn't seem like they wanted hit. So I, I can't wait for the Reed Shepherd dynamic of all of this. This Shepherd. 'cause it was a team That did not shoot the ball Well last year, right?


They were 23rd I I from three house. They actually were better offensively than Maybe. You'd think 20th But. The thing is this is a young team. That played really good defense. So can you live with Van Blet and Shepherd at the same time? I re like I. Don't know it's endless. It's Gonna be worth it. Worth It. Is this your number one league pass team house? They're super high up there. Definitely just, Just the, because if Shepherd is like really reach, if Shepherd's like Mark Price in the early nineties, this might be the number one league pass team for me. Super fun to watch. If he's just coming off the bench and just lighting dudes up. I can't wait. I can't wait either. This is the, this is the I can't wait. Team But, We all have to go over on this team. I mean 42 and a half Can Come on.


The fact that they have the same over under as the Lakers is hilarious. It's honestly hilarious. They have so much more talent than the Lakers. Just love them. Bill Lake, right? No I know. Come on I know I know West teams you'd wanna be Next five years. Will we all agree K C's first? yes, yes Is San Antonio second because You get Weby. I know that's I. I only can see We. Well I'll give you six teams. KC is San Antonio, Minnesota, Houston, Denver, Dallas in the west. I have Minnesota second 'cause that's how much I believe in Edwards. Okay. I have Minnesota second for the same reason Over Weby Can because that the Team is I San Antonio second, The team is already there.


You he That kid's gonna get a bunch of runs to the NBA finals Because? Because they have so many picks to play with too with him Can and Minnesota's kind of Minnesota's like this is the team can But, I think Houston is probably four over Denver and Dallas just 'cause Way over Dallas. Denver, You know Way Over Dallas. Okay so But here, here's where I have Dallas But. That's where You have You have Jokic and Luka. I would have Dallas higher than Houston Because you guys, you know you're getting enough. Yes you can already or getting somebody who's gonna Go down can. That's a better, it's pretty good. you can right? It's pretty good. you can right Houston, the whole point of Houston is you're hoping one of these guys is that you can right with Luka with this start You, you have to put Denver down somewhere. As You mentioned the first five years of Luka start once you put That in perspective of who the other seven guys are.


yes. No gotta, you gotta unbundle those. Why would You have Denver over Houston? Denver is going No, Jokic Denver is can you can Right is dead man Walking. Can people stop pretending Jokic is gonna quit in two years? Re like it because of horses. I hate this No. I'm doing it because I wanted it. Stop. He did it twice already. I want him to get mad at It and be like, No, I'm actually gonna play until I'm 40 in America. You know like a guy has a fucking interest. God forbid It's like in the Sopranos when Tony got the horse that's Jokic. He just likes going to the, he likes going the Barn. yes. But. It's like when when Chris wanted hit write screenplays can and Tony was like, and then he invested in Cleaver, right? So it's like What the fuck man stay consistent.


Seems like Cleaver was a good idea. How should I watch some Sopranos last night? Loved it. can very guess. What guess What always delivers the Sopranos. It's always, it's always good. Although if you binge it too hard you can start being like am I in a bad mood. Right? It's like What those hospital shows like that to the dock is great. So it BG, Grey's Anatomy the doc was really good. yes It was really Well done. Well executed Three overs for Houston San Antonio Spurs 35 and a half. I. This is the most can Everybody was gonna take the over No matter What so they just said screw it, we're putting this numbers high as We, they're just daring You can. It was like daring you like last week in the Eagles game the Eagles ended up they were favored by nine and a half over the Browns because people like FanDuel were like, you don't wanna take Deshaun Watson, we're just gonna keep raising the line.


can I I bet if we put It at nine, you still don't wanna take Deshaun Watson. And people are like I don't wanna take Deshaun Watson, you're right this line, they're re like You love Weby take like they have on the FanDuel thing, they have a Weby specials. You just have all these, well Weby have a quadruple double will one be have a 30, 20 and 10. So anyway, it's 35 and a half. It's way too fucking high. I I I don't see any scenario where they hit this. It's preposterous, it's preposterous, it's preposterous. And I don't think they wanna hit it. He can't, he can't Play all 82 games and the only way for them they win 36 games is for him to play 82 games. Their starters are gonna be Weby, Sohan, Harrison Barnes Can adults in the Room, Devin Vasel and CP three and then Castle Coming up the bench with Kelvin Johnson and Z Collins and Tre Jones.


So it's at least, it's at least looks like an NBA nine, nine rotation. Finally. So they they check That box. Sohan iss not playing point guard this Year. He's not gonna play point guard and run actions ce what's the Weby ceiling for you this year? Because I I was Jesus baby Jesus I was looking at all these props. So I'm FanDuel 24 points per game is minus three 95.5 plus assist. A game is minus 1 50 12 rebounds. A game is minus two 30 and for him to be the blocks leader is minus four 80. So those are all like they're saying All on the board. 'cause I think you have to break this team into pre and post Allstar.


A hundred percent. Which is why I landed at makes perfect sense. you weby average 24, 12 and five and win the blocks title and from we saw the last two months It was four. The four 12 and five it that's Can it's in 22 games after the Allstar break. That's exactly What. It was 20 three and a half points, 12 boards, five assist. The Assist stuff is nuts. I mean he took seven threes a game in the second half hit 30 three percent. That's gonna get better. can the turnover number that I mentioned earlier was Scoop But. I mean it's four point a half blocks after that and the Spurs went 11 and 16 and I think eventually years from now Maybe, it's already now But like I know the defensive player of the year voting that I was arguing for That. I knew I was gonna lose I just You were like What revolutionary war guy.


Were you like were you can gonna be on the right side of history Lafayette right can that might be the best dancer I've ever come up with. yes, It was Pretty good. You're re like Lafayette Can can. So You try to tell everyone Yes like guys It just saying so look I, think I think there were, there were kind of two different teams and like look with Chris, Paul just there to throw an entry pass Toma for like thank God. Can you imagine in practice when Chris Paul throw him an entry pass and Weby was like What the hell was that? I put my hand out and he just sent a bounce pass and it went to where my hand was. Did I tell you I ran into Chris Paul in the Vegas in the fountain Blue in Vegas or summer league can So it was after I'd had him for the live show.


yes. So I was coming down to the lobby and then he comes up and It was like just two dudes glowing in It and We talked about officiating for like 20 minutes. Officiating then Weby. Yes. We didn't even really get to Weby because just Officating. Yes it just had, it just, it was one of those things that like thank God I'd had the live show to kind of like tie it all up together. But, he was pumped. He was so pumped. like You know I don't know if a player would ever be like can they were my only option. Right? You know But, he just was so pumped about like I. I'm like at the end of my career I'm gonna play with this guy and I think you know, whatever you think about like Paul bi I bet You when Bama is just like fired up man. like this Sohan experiment.


That was ridiculous. I don't think Kelvin Johnson is this bad I think the sell's pretty good. We'll see What they have with Castle, there's a few other young guys. There's contracts here that aren't that great. But 36 wins re like Castle. Sadly I have to do this. I'm just let House and I talk about this. You don't have to participate. Ha are we sure Chris Paul has anything left? So last year, Elle sit it out, have a drink last year, 58 games, 26.4 minutes a game. 9.2 0.6 0.8 assists. He's gonna be, he's 39, he turns 40 in May. Here's the list of 39 year olds guards who have averaged four assisted game.


John Stockton, nobody else. In fact only 11 players total have been 39-year-old guards in the NBA. like he's not, not only old, there's really No historical precedent for this. You're talking about end of the year, end of the career. Derrick Fi an OKC, Dar Armstrong, Jason Terry, Vince Carter on Memphis. How many games does he have to play? Let's look at his Assistant over well. So I got over under, right? So I was trying to think like what's the best case, worst case scenario for Chris Paul. yes. Because I thought he looked closer to Maybe being on the end of the line last year, right?


Sure. So what's the comeback year from that? Is it 65 games and he averages Zeta sis a game. He was 8.82 years ago. I think that's perfect. I think that's all That San Antonio's asking for and I think he's, he can do that. I don't think that they're gonna be asking, putting him in the position. Golden State needed him to be good. Golden State needed, needed him well and they Also To compete 'cause of Curry and just the weird team they had, they actually needed him to like play defense. you like s no, Wendy's protecting him. you Re like it I think it's the best Case scenario. So there's, there's really No statistical evidence other than John Stockton that any 39-year-old point guard you play 30 minutes a game and I don't know That they're gonna ask him to do that.


I can't imagine Popovich would ask him to do that. I just think a nice entry pass a couple times a night's gonna be an awesome feeling. I think it's fair. I'm gonna read you best big man of the last 40 years, year two, Tim Duncan won the title Bob Petit No, I'm not going back that far. Kareem I guess 50 plus years. Kareem won the title Hakeem lost in the finals in year two. Cowans 56 wins. Nice. David Robinson 55. Shaq 50. yes. I, I'm familiar. Oh Patrick Ewing are only, eh 24 wins for Patrick Ewing in year two. So if you're making the case for the over, there's a, hey look at all the greatest big men ever.


Those guys were actually fucking awesome in year two. But. That You know they were older, different situations. can Can, those teams were those are pretty some Pretty there can the Amps was four years in college. you yes Rob Sampson. Year two they were in the playoffs at least But the picks are what's really fascinating with this team. They have Atlanta's unprotected first this year. They have a swap with them in 26. That's what's Crazy too. The Murray like Bill coming due now for Atlanta Can, oh it's, it's coming a swap 26 and then they get the Atlanta's 27. They have a Boston swap, they have a Dallas swap, they have two Minnesota swaps and they get a Minnesota Pixar one, Minnesota one swap. They have a Sacramento swap. So and they have all their firsts.


So when they decide, yo, this guy would look great with Weby, who were we saying last night would've been unbelievable with Weby I Know this is gonna sound funny. It was Ben Simmons. Great. We didn say It. You didn't see Ben Simmons last night apparently. We were saying theoretically I didn't. I didn't We were saying theoretically the guy we were watching in some random terrible exhibition game. Yes, the stuff Ben Simmons was doing the Brooklyn Nets against to Washington Wizards House made the point. Ben Simmons, if you took this person and he, you reliably do this over and over again, this is a very good teammate for Victor Wema.


He's Like a second round, top 45 protected swap I. Can't wait for the Next For second I can leave this. We're calling about Ben, we'll Do it. We'll wait for Brooklyn I. Do think it would work? I I still think it. So we're all going under, under What. Was it 35 and a half's Fine? Okay, that's it. Should, should I roll through these one more time just so we have them? Okay, because I wrote everything down Oklahoma City over, over, over 57 and a half. Denver, 50 and a half.


I went over Illa and House went under Minnesota. 51 and a half. We all went over Utah. 27 and a half. I went under Silla went over and house went over. I was surprised by that one. Portland, 20 and a half. Me and House went under Illa, went over Dallas, 50 and a half. Me and the house went over. Silla went under. So you zagged against us, you did some zagging. Memphis 47 and a half me and House went under Silla, went over New Orleans, 45 and a half. All three of us went under Houston.


42 and a half. Heavy, hearty, enthusiastic overs from all three of us. What does What do. The Houston fans do by the way, when we're super enthusiastic about their team and We all go over and they're re like But, You, you fucking hate us. But, I, I. Look I mean I. Don't think there's any fan base that hated me more than I Toronto And then Houston would be number two. You, don't I. These guys still hate us. Are you Still impersonating Houston? What's going on over there? But, That, I. Don't even think that's an accent. They're re like from Houston. They're re like, they're re like Tommy. They all went over No. They they fucking hate us. Just deep down What the Fuck are you doing right now? That's been, we have a D I wanted do a southern accent. You went, let's I want you to do the Southern accent.


There's a bunch of accents in there. can fuck S all over us? All the fucking job motherfucker. That was a little better. yes. like, like I'll work out I work out it. We get to Part I. Don't think There's a Houston accent. Well I know whenever you did It Texas first it's accent. yes. I. Think there Is a listen. I'm just workshopping shit guys. You're re like the guy in the Boston Marathon movie in Walbergs. like fuck it. Who casted this guy? Tell him he can't do it. Last one is San Antonio, which is 35 and a half and we all went under. That's it for Part one. Thanks Kyle. Creighton, thanks to thanks to Steve sir has he been watching this?


Is he on there? Hi sir Rudy, we're coming back for for Part two. So be ready.


Must be 21 plus in President Select states for Kansas and affiliation with Kansas Star Casino are 18 plus and President DC Gambling problem. Call 100 gambler Visit rg help.com. Call 1 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or Visit cpg.org/chat in Connecticut or Visit md gambling help.org in Maryland. Hope is here. Visit a gambling help line ma.org or call eight three two seven fifty fifty for twenty four seven Support Massachusetts. Or call 1 8 7 7 8 Hope ny. Or Text Hope NY in New York.