
Coming up Part three of the annual NBA overruns podcast Next.


It's the Bill Simmons Podcast presented by FanDuel football ERs in full action. FanDuel's highest rated sports book ERs the best place to bet it all. We've been doing pretty well A million dollar picks this year. I love the first month of the season because You have to go into the season thinking I. Think Pittsburgh's gonna be good. I think the Chargers are gonna be good. I think Seattle's gonna be good. And then trying to back What you think in those first few weeks and then zag the other way. if you were wrong, You, you bid on new and fun markets on FanDuel like to catch a pass. Same game Parlays highest scoring game across the Sunday slate offensive tds in the Next Drive. They have so much stuff, it's crazy. The app ERs safe and secure and easy to use and when you win you'll get paid instantly. Plus look out for FanDuel Squares this season. Here's What. You have to do Visit FanDuel dot com slash bs to download America's number one sportsbook. The Ringer ERs committed to responsible gaming. Please Visit rg help.com to learn more about the resources and helplines available and listen to the end of the episode for additional details. You must be 21 plus and President in select states gambling problem called win hundred gambler or Visit rg-help.com.


This episode is brought to you by Michelob ULTRA from Tipoff to hoisting the trophy. Celebrate every moment of the WNBA finals with a Michelob ULTRA in hand. The WNBA ERs so hot we just launched a Ringer WNBA show podcast. yes, that's Happily. yes. You know What goes Well with It Michelob ULTRA the taste super smooth, low calories and carbs. Why not save on calories if you're drinking a good beer? re like to keep nice and cold. It's just really good. And you got the WNBA finals like all kinds of crazy matchups. Might have the two best teams in the league playing in round two. It's gonna be amazing. We'll see how far Caton Clark and goes. You're not gonna wanna miss a moment. Stock up on Michelob ULTRA for the WNBA finals Michelob ULTRA Superior Light Beer. Enjoy responsibly copyright 2024 Anheuser-Busch Michelob ULTRA Registered Light Beer St. Louis Missouri.


Alright, if you got this far, that means you probably listened to the first two parts of the annual NBO over Unders podcast. This ERs gonna be Part three. It ERs Part of the Ringer Podcast Network where we did new re watchable ERs, Well Sounds of Lambs if you missed that. We have a Ringer movies YouTube channel that has all the re watchable podcast ERs, well ERs, the big picture. And we have a Bill Simmons YouTube channel where you can watch all the episodes of this podcast that we filmed in a nice fun studio that's decorated in a very strange way. But at least has enough light. So all three of us, you see each other. And this was Part three. This ERs when we usually get a little groggy, a little punchy. This ERs the East and the southeast. Our last two that we're doing.


So if you missed first do go check them out. Here we go. One more time. Pearl Jam. All right, it's Part three of the annual overruns podcast. We're still in house, we're still here. We are over the three hour mark. Nobody's gotten in major trouble or gotten fired or started an international incident yet. I'm feeling really good. We're doing the Atlantic Division ERs our second to last one.


And that ERs led by the Boston Celtics who won the NBA title last year who won 64 in 18. They're over under ERs 58 and a half wins. They were minus one three five for the division. Plus three 20 for the title plus one 20 to be the one seed, which I would encourage ERs A bet Celo how ERs this team six wins worse. Yes. They even played below their exp expect like expected by like a couple I. Don't really know. I don't Maybe. The Al Horford year finally happens where he falls apart Maybe, there's a Jalen Brown postly push of like I'm the man and it gets in the way of something.


Maybe I little Me, me, me. Action. Can But I mean I? You're asking me and I'm not saying these are gonna happen But. I'm trying to figure out how It's Pingus gets pushed back to yes. February. yes. Instead can instead Of December you it's and then then then it's 56 wins. You know? yes. I. I don't, it's an over for me Can and it's a tiny under for me. 'cause 58 wins ERs not disrespectful. And the way that their six games worse ERs, What, Mr. Celo just laid out I Also think an element to this that's fair to to contemplate. ERs Tatum's a little tired, right? Just played the the most basketball, competitive basketball he ERs ever played in his life. Not in the Olympics, except For not in the Olympics, right? But. He was He was pretty rested. yes. After that there he was feeling great.


Was there, he had to be there. He he did practice and all that. He didn't get the game minutes. But. That's the thesis for It and really? Or that he can't shoot anymore. No. He fixed that because What You're asking for Because he's fine. Okay, Can with Horford ERs, we go on You know fix the hitch. You go from Horford ERs. Isn It Isn't It Dave or Tillman and Cornett? If, if, if that's Listen, Tillman ERs That where We go. They have high hopes for Tillman. Okay. Honestly, like That's all Denver would kill for Tillman. yes They they would. That's not even a joke. You're right. I'm Serious. yes. So I don't know how he fit with Yoki But anyway. Yes. I was looking at the under all off season because of the Tatum Olympic stuff.


The possible disease of more, which You always have to think about with every title Team the sale I think ERs a real thing, okay for the organization and just ERs just an X factor. It makes me nervous. You nervous You Think the players care about That. I Don't think the players care about It. But. I think it brings an instability to the whole atmosphere When you, you know What, you have You, don't know What you're getting right And some new guy comes in in January and it's like here are my ideas and I don't know It just makes me nervous. Right? What did that say Then the then the at Horford year I think You know we keep saying it was supposed to happen three ERs ago. Keep saying it's not gonna happen.


But at some point it's gonna happen. can I think they're they figured out. So the reason I went over ERs because their infrastructure ERs so solid with the durability of their best players, right? Tatum and Brown, they're gonna be able to spot Horford and white. They have this crazy bench But I just think they know who they are. This ERs like we're bombing threes we're built around these two really special wing guys. We are above average at literally every single defensive position. We are high above averages. three point shooters and I just think the infrastructure that they have built, at least for this season, ERs gonna be intact. So to me it's a 60 win team.


I don't really have a rebuttal to that. like the only other sort of aspect to this ERs a little bit of injury. Bad luck, Maybe. 'cause if holiday goes out for any time holidays, OFS 35 can or for it's 38. Poor Zenga. We don't know I Again, I'm I love the Boston Celtics. I think they're tremendous. The I think you can right? ERs be hesitant, can Can 57 ERs not. Oh this ERs so disappointing. But can you Right can and I got it. That's, that's all. I Got it. But, I, I. Just think that there's a gap when everything's right in the east. I don't know why anybody would refute that. And the two most important guys, Maybe, the three most important guys are that durable. if you put white in the conversation, The durability ERs nuts and really unusual.


And it's the reason that We liked o KC too. And you younger guys who just play all the time re like that for the over Do You factor in anything like the, the Knicks and Sixers games are gonna be high effing wattage like those, they're gonna get the national, you know those are gonna be I. Think they can get up for Andre Drummond So good And they've played Uber before. can Can they have? That's a great point. I They know Ya's game. They brought him in. Can they'd know Yabu. I. Wanna say one other thing about the Seltz too? I. I really the Missoula thing.


The Missoula arc has been one of the most unusual arcs ERs a sports fan that I've ever had. Where they take this guy, my dad called him second row, Joe I thought he was completely overmatched and overwhelmed. And then over the second year, I thought he did a really good job. Especially in the playoffs. And now the off season stuff, the leadership that he has behind the scenes, like the way those guys look up for him, the way he looks out for them. You know he flew to France when Tatum was in a func during in the Olympics. I think all he cares about ERs winning titles and having this team be awesome. He ERs like actually kind of a psycho in a good way, way. And and I think I just think he knows how to push their buttons. I think he ERs a very unusual coach in this day and age where he's young enough That he can fit in with the players.


But kind of an older soul. Where can, I'm around your age. But and I don't know I just think they listen to him. I I think he might have a chance to be a really special coach. Which if you had shown me a clip of me talking about this 18 months ago, I would've been like I am being drugged and I'm in Bulgaria with a gun pointed at me from 10 feet away. But I think he has a chance to be a special coach. Do You think I'm crazy on That Well I? Just know that if the results were different, I don't think you would be saying anything you just said. Well true I amm a results guy. Well which results? They they There was a historically dominant run to the playoffs. yes I just think if they had like come up short with this offense.


That at times in regular season was sort of frustrating for a team that had this profile. can you would I don't know man I think you there. There's A lot of, you can I think not easy things to coach with this team though that I thought he navigated last year. like T the Tatum was really strange offensively in the playoffs. like he you not get it going right? And I think there was a world where But I think He was the focal point of What. Everybody was doing that. Tatum I thought Tatum had better games ERs, it went along. People Can gave him credit for like his, his overall numbers are not gonna show like he was running their offense and then playing Center on Defense. So I, I'm with You on the Missoula creativity Part of it and the fact That, it's Brad That, it's this ownership That it's a different people that you've met over the ERs that worked for the team.


This ERs a very smart organization. yes. So there was No way they were gonna hand the keys to somebody. That was like, oh he ERs sort of quirky and younger. So like that's 'cause there was a lot of teams just hiring the cool younger assistant, right? And then once they made him the head coach you would hear like Uhoh like he's, he's just I mean to. It's not even an insult to say somebody might not be ready with That background from it. But. I just You know. Everybody's gonna say we're homers for It But. We know some of these people You I, I've Also I was pretty critical of him. The last couple ERs. I I. Do think I just think post Emmy. They weren't gonna go like let's just do something stupid now. Right? But I do wonder with the league I think it's the hardest it's ever been a coach in the NBA, right?


These guys especially ERs, the money keeps going up for the players and ERs. The swipe right generation has just come in where it's like I was unhappy this year. I'd like to be traded now or I'd like to sign and people are just jumping around. Look at Paul George. Four or five ERs of you know didn't go great in the Clippers But it went pretty well. like they made a conference finals like they were relevant and he ERs just like, I'm out. They wouldn't gimme a fourth year. Now I'm gonna go to this new team. I can't blame him for It can I, don't blame him, him, me. yes. Especially with his injury. you, Yes. Fourth, yes he took the extra year. It's a rational economic actor. But guys jump around more than ever and I think it's really hard to coach and it's hard to navigate the social media era and the way to do it, which I think he stumbled into in a really smart way.


ERs just, he really has real relationships with these dudes and they trust him and he uses like game 52 of some random season to be like, I'm gonna play Peyton Pritchard 38 minutes tonight and he's gonna fucking cook and I'm gonna build his confidence up like he's smart the way they approach a regular season ERs the model for I. Think how a lot of teams are gonna do this now where they're re like we want this 12 band roster, we're gonna give guys nights off and then our ninth or 10th guy ERs gonna jump in and we're gonna fucking let this guy cook and tell him we believe in him. I don't know. I think it's a really hard I I. Don't think it's ever been harder to be an NBA coach except for Maybe the cocaine era when you're re like who's where's Mike Ray can I don't know he missed practice again.


Oh man, oh God. can I think I think there's more of a disconnect now. I mean it just makes more sense that like I don't, can you want to create something where people feel like they would have a responsibility and now I think it's just, lemme try to get the contract and then I'll go wherever I want anyway, so Yes, this ERs a fun conversation. You, you do It over the You guys do it over the course of the season. But, you know the, the nature of professional basketball now ERs very different than than how It was seven ERs ago, right? 14 ERs ago. So I think that's, you know, a, an important element of of What you're observing here.


How do You tell all 12 of these guys That this ERs gonna be fine and they all believe it. How They Well and Also What kind of guys are you putting on your team that are gonna buy into that, right? yes. like Brit ERs, somebody I. Think That was a really popular teammate last year, right? He was really, really close. A big Part behind the scenes of the team. But, he just wasn't a good enough shooter, right? s no that, it's like we're gonna get Lonnie Walker because we want everybody on this team to be able to shoot everyone on this team knows What the agenda of the team ERs, We wanna defend, we wanna shoot threes We wanna be able to slash and kick I. Just I've been really impressed. I've been impressed by the off season 'cause I am on disease of war watch.


every time a team wins a title it's like What can go wrong. You know the Jalen Jason thing, they have navigated that A about ERs, Well ERs it you possibly be navigated. There's so many different situations over the last few ERs when those guys you have turned on each other or gotten pissy about it. I I thought there was a selflessness with them. That you need That. I wanna talk about with a team Coming up after this Next team. So over for me, over for ow under for house Nicks 50 three and a half plus two 30 for the division plus three 70 for the conference. 60 plus wins house three plus three 25 last year there are 50 and 32.


Now they're plus seven 50 for the title they added Carl Anthony Towns Mikhail Bridges and Campaign the new big three And daddy A and Tyler Ick I mean They lost Julius Randall and Dante Zo, their starting lineup ERs towns Ano Hart Bridges in Brunson. It's where We get to the bench. That I get a little nervous. SSC McBride, precious Mitchell Robinson who plays half the season pain. I've seen him shame it, shame it. Jerich sims ick. This ERs a team built around four guys basically plus heart.


Two of those four guys just miss a lot of games. Townsend in Nobie and that's my fear with the over under. I'm a slight under Well I, you know their injury history with the two guys. I mean OGs just now that he has a contract, I wonder how eh, take a week off here. can, I'm going over I. Think they're the second best team in the east. You know some of the stats sort from last year, it's not gonna be the same because they're not gonna have the same defensive numbers with the two-headed monster of Mitchell and and Hartstein. So I just I just love the way the pieces fit together. And the cat need was so significant And it's really funny too, You, think of all the ERs of rumors of how the Nicks had staffed.


like they're gonna get the Louisville guys, they're gonna get the Kentucky guys can because this guy recruited Donovan Mitchell and this guy knows Booker and then this guy yes knows 10 like it finally happen after ERs of it never Happily. yes, right? And I think towns who again not my favorite, were a little worried about the New York Part of it. A Little But. He's, he's accepted a demotion already with What was his franchise and now he's going to somebody else's franchise. So if it's a lot of like, hey space the floor hit 40% of three But, you're not gonna be asked to be bailing us out A ton of possessions because You already have Brunson can Bridges who when he first got traded to Brooklyn showed us a version of his offense.


That I wasn't even sure like he you sustain and then Cam Thomas fucked it all up and OG You know his shooting numbers, especially from the corner and stuff ERs really, really good. He'll, he'll have some moments even though I think still, still there's like some creative limitations for him. But it. There's a really nice compliment of pieces here where re like it and Brunson ERs a superstar. I mean Brunson took it to a level that it's almost like he's mini Luca. He understands the angles, he understands the footwork. He even when you think you've got him, you don't have him and That six or series ERs one of my favorite series of the last few ERs 'cause of just the intensity whole thing. So like look great coach some pieces. Sure the injury stuff I got at Mitchell, the TBD But man re like how the, and even with Di Vincenzo moving on, I'm not sure if they had the minutes in this new rotation with Bridges being there N Heart and OG and Threatened to be Happily.


Yes he might've been miserable in this situation. So that's somebody who doesn't like Kat saying I think the Knicks and I Also think that their their wing defender options are better than Philly, better than Cleveland, certainly better than the Penn Pacers are terrible defensively. When you start talking about matching up with Boston, That was your longest monologue of the three parts. I I know if you were passionate about the Next, it's impressive. No, they listen, They're super fun, they are the second best tv. They're super fun. That six er series was so much fun. can You have over or under Under because I think they're gonna go 50 three and 29 and I think they're gonna go 50 three and 29. 'cause I think that both OG and Kat are gonna miss time and they have nothing, nothing.


I think it's gonna take some time for them to reclaim the interior defense identity that really propelled them down the stretch. That's a great point. He was hartenstein can, it can't be overstated how impactful he was both to the like the identity of the team But like the the function, the offensive rebounding the interior like he's so goddamn smart. It's why I mean we're gonna have to, I'm gonna bet a bunch of Oklahoma City like 60 wins, 65 wins. I'm gonna be in all That 'cause of how smart that dude ERs and I just think it'll take tips. ERs ERs fucking killer. They're they're gonna be fine. So 50 three and 29 ERs not disrespectful I don't think New York fans I don't think 50 three and 29 ERs disrespectful.


It's just a a a tiny under for me 'cause of the injury risk I think I'm mix of both of you guys 'cause I really like this Knick team re like them more ERs a playoff team than a regular season team. Me, you I think Maybe That that's leaking Into my thing a little too. Me Can me too. yes, totally agree with that. Me going under on this team s nothing about my fear for them in the playoffs. 'cause I think they're gonna be super dangerous. I just when, when you're talking about an Obie in towns just having a pretty established history now missing games and I. Don't think this team has a lot of room for air in the regular season. The playoffs, it's not gonna matter. Precious McBride, Ariel h Porte, I think this ERs the Celtics biggest threat in the East.


Totally Agree. can we're all on the same page. Cleveland ERs going to Maybe be a better regular season team. But this ERs the team. They're built a lot like Minnesota last year. They're, they're put together to try to beat the Celtics team and they're gonna have the best chance at it because they're gonna be able to defend the two guys towns ERs weird hard guy to play against. Kind kind of mirror image pingus and, and we'll see if Brunson can do it again 'cause That was a lot of miles they put on him last year. I always worried about these smaller players just with these gigantic usage rates. You know that's just a lot, just a lot different when you're six feet just banging into these big bodies for eight months. But Can, he's a tough SOB You I re like I.


I'm under But. I to me the conference plus three 70 ERs probably a little more interesting or the title plus seven I would write if I was playing Knicks odds, I would probably play the future odds think that be three seven because they just have to beat the Celtics. can I bet them to win the division And I got a better price than the plus two 30 I mean all these numbers are inflated. 'cause everybody in New York loves this team. Also, especially after Kat like the over ERs minus one 18 like they're steaming the over at at at 50 three and a half. The Bridges piece ERs gonna be interesting though because if you're a casual basketball fan, you, you go to a Knicks game and Bridges will have like six points and two rebounds and do a lot of subtle stuff that you're re like, wait, I thought We traded five first round picks for this guy.


yes, this, this guy do can and a minute it's like We all know how good he s Yes. When he did that, I I was so impressed with his shot making off the dribble all on his own for That stretch of Brooklyn two ERs ago. That I think he just kind of was like, all right Cam, if you just wanna take a million shots like right, I'm over, I'll be over here, I'm over it. This whole team stinks anyway. can I don't wanna get hurt. So I don't, you know, it's not about, there's gonna be nights where it's a bunch of it's, it's the option of like it's probably the three guys But. like if Bridges gets 30 instead of Brunson, it's not surprising when Kat gets 30 instead of Brunson. It's not gonna be surprising. OGs good for a couple blow up games, you know, every, every few weeks, right?


And then Hart just dials it up so it's so it's a nice team playoff wise. I totally we're all aligned. One other thing with them, 'cause I, I really do think they're gonna miss Vincenzo. like I don't think that's a hot take I just know Where the minutes we were gonna be for him. yes And I think But Maybe, he would've played CrunchTime over hard. It just, he gave them more options. But, I do Wonder February you they find somebody in the market and You, We go through this every year when we do the February pods and we're re like, oh it seems like so good on paper to get a buyout guy and then who are the bio guys that have actually been made a difference? It's pretty rare. But. If you're a buyout guy and you wanna win a title and You get to go to New York and if you're re like a, you know a swing who can shoot threes, this would be the team you'd wanna go to.


yes, because you play You play 15, 20 minutes and Maybe have some big moments. All right, Philadelphia over under 15 and a half division plus three 80 conference. Five to one title, 10 to one best record, 12 to one, one seed, six to one. They were 47 and 35 last year they added Paul George and a bunch of new guys. Gordon Ya Belli, Andre Drummond's back, my guy McCain, Caleb Martin's on the team now. KJ Martin. KJ Martin. Oh it was kinda liked. I'll let you, I'll let you have the floor.


Priscilla I. Think What Darryl Morrie. And this front office did was incredible. Although if we wanted hit go, let's give front offices credit. if you go through the timeline of What, the Knicks did in such a short amount of time of who they were and who they are now that ERs Also incredible But. if you wanna start talking about like the false hope of cap space and the number of fan bases around the country that were like, remember when we were getting cap space, right? Remember We thought we almost got the rant That one year can And then it then we didn't then it didn't happen. They did it. They threaded the thinnest of needles and then because of the excitement around That, you know they added all these other pieces. You know I mean some of it I. Think You know the Elli Part of it was like he was so good in the Olympics and then everybody's like really excited about It But.


They had a plan, they had the two guys under contract, they delayed the maxi thing. like it worked. It worked in a way that every other team seems to hope It and It rarely ever works this way. Having said that, I'm totally over them. I am Embiid ERs not like in a Westbrook thing for me. But, he's starting to head there a little and that's, that's That hurts me 'cause I've always really liked Embiid But like wh when I would get into Westbrook arguments with people like You know What You 12 em beads quotes the last couple ERs like I still think the people closest to him keep telling him like how everybody's like wronging him or everything.


And I, I'll admit too, this ERs like way too much and this ERs wrong But to see him foul hunting in the Olympics games like the first few possessions he got in I was like and then not get them. you can just at home you re like are you fucking serious dude, are you seriously FB dating this like get out there and play basketball and you know it's not just the injury Part and if you can't see it, it's gonna sound arrogant. I can't help you But the possessions where he wanted nothing to do with the ball against the Knicks in that first round series, it was haunting. It reminded me of the other guys where when I see It I go oh No and sometimes it's younger players and they get through That, Shea Gilders Alexander and that Houston OKC matchup didn't look super comfortable.


Hey It was first run through it. yes, doesn't matter now we're talking MVPs for the guy and beat ERs too old and too established and look extremely talented. He's awesome. He can do all I might've been voting for him for MVP. Again But, I'm really sick of all of this stuff around it and I just think he'll probably get hurt again. It's tough when they did this whole, we're gonna take it easy with Embiid this year during the regular season because it's about titles now How about the third round? When I hear that, I'm just like, oh man, I don't know if they get it. First of all, I don't say That out loud. Second, why was It always about titles? Why was It about titles last year and two ERs ago?


And and by the way, your teams were pretty good the last couple ERs. These Have been good teams. like he's Like now I'm in, I've got in much better shape this year. Which ERs What we've wanted from him forever. I wanna like him be, he seems like a great guy. But I, there's I. Don't know if it's the people around him or what's going on. But I think it's The people around him a little bit. Yes, sometimes It doesn't seem like he gets it. No the Dunkin thing we had even brought up. 'cause anybody that loves the game for ERs goes this ERs What one of the smartest things that Duncan ever did. I'm gonna have to see some blood work before I'm ready to sign off on like hey he just mirrored What Duncan did. yes. Listen, can we have a couple weeks? Has where are you standing? Oh this ERs the hardest team by a long shot for me because I absolutely Echo What.


Mr. Sili, you know observed I mean they talk about like here where they're, they're 34 and three in playoff games since this whole thing has been reinvented. Sorry, No, No, I I Appreciate It. yes, yes. And Beads played 430 three games in 10 ERs. He's 30 ERs old. He ERs never made the Eastern Conference finals. He's won five playoff series and he's missing the preseason and now saying he's not gonna play back to backs. It doesn't effing matter. Just be healthy in April. Great show up with 10 We agree on that. I know. I know. So What do you do with with with this win total? Well we 'cause all of the pieces that they added I thought were like really good, smart, you know, additive pieces, pieces, That are going to help you win playoff games.


like do You know ERs, ERs, Caleb Martin gonna help them on a Thursday night against I don't know the Pelicans. So if we think P like let's go. Best case scenario games played for Embiid and Paul George. The total number combined of those two, I'm I. you can even go separate 60. 60 Probably I think 60, right? if you said 16 Half and Paul George ERs earning work today. yes Paul George has a knee bruises which ERs fucking secretly brutal And Embiid ERs, we don't even know if he ERs gonna play an opening night. By the way, I would be totally done with this team while Also complimenting the strategy of finding any like, like if it weren't for Maxie can Maxie ERs the piece?


yes, That actually because of his personality. The way you, the way this game has taken off. Where he might just be like, all right guys, I got this like enough of this like I to watch MB foul hunt fall all night and then he was like really dirty against the Knicks two can, which you, that doesn't bother me ERs much in the playoffs. But he just Was, it was weird. I he turned into a lamb, bearish It it. It Was a really weird series for him because then he'd be unstoppable and all this stuff and it's like What ERs, What ERs the goal here. like 'cause I wanted them to play Boston. I wanted hit, see Philly against Boston because Embiid having to chase Pingus and close out to him. Five Beat. yes. like PR Embiid would've retired. But, we like I, I have to go all the way out here and chase him and then recover.


like it's not Happily. yes I'm not doing it has To seed learn anything from the Olympics. I Would coming, coming through a couple a couple times, Yes I would say so and surrounded by those guys and surrounded by the coaching staff. Gimmes What, did he learn they don't give him those bullshit calls against Senegal. can Feba Feba basketball rules are the best rules. like let's go all the Feba referees, let's just fire all the referees in the NBA Well. Well I think he I, think he did it so he can bolster the individual resume. Now he's got the Olympic gold and it was gonna be way easier with the United States. I have You know I mean are We really gonna pretend it's anything other than that No No I have real concerns about them ERs a playoff team.


If the crunch time lineup ERs, Embiid, Caleb, Barton, Paul, George Re and Maxi, which I assume That would be It because even he saw in the Olympics last year, I just think Embiid slow to the ball. I I think you can offensive rebound him to death, right? And if the other players on the court are gonna be K Martin and Paul George, Uber and Maxey, I just think they're gonna I. Don't think they're gonna get big rebounds when it matters. That was why they lost the Knicks series. Can What I do like, and I was looking at like shot quality for guys and Maybe. I'll save it for Paolo. But like Max's volume went up, But the quality went down and I think he had those stretches without bead.


like I'm blown away by Maxie. Not just the development I think he's got the right personality for all this stuff and It looks like they do have a bunch of options. And if McCain like the Sixers ending up with McCain and there's a chance that it's pretty good, you're already miserable about it. That you yes, I'm, I'm mad about that. But I I would hope that with George ERs the guy on the wing and Ure was terrified for him. But having Paul George at least in the regular season because we'll see That, the Maxi attempts may go down But the quality should go up because it felt like Maxie was saving their ass offensively so many different times. And he still put up all these terrified numbers. I voted ERs. ERs an Allstar starter But the efficiency on some of the stuff wasn't ERs good. ERs Maybe, you would think it would be for how good he was.


I think he just was stuck. He was stuck trying to save him and it That should just be better this year. He's my biggest fear for the over that he would just be awesome this season. He you do it and there's gonna be games. But when I when I saw that That Embiid ERs definitely not playing back to backs. And it seems like Paul George ERs gonna be careful too and all their rhetoric about, we're all about the playoffs, we're all about the title. To me that's that ties into the over under I. Don't think I don't think they care What spot, they're gonna be in the playoffs seats. I don't think they're gonna be chasing the division and I just think they wanna get to the playoffs with these guys healthy. Which makes it an under for me. I will say this though, I do think this ERs kind of a make or break season for Darryl's career.


Darryl's been running teams now for almost two decades, right? This ERs arguably his best chance he's ever gonna have Paul George every year from now on. ERs gonna be each year will be four or 5% worse 'cause he's sitting in his mid late thirties. You know I don't know I. I don't I don't have any I. Think okay so he hasn't won It But. I'm saying this ERs his best chance. yes ERs. ERs it can. This ERs have the Warriors in his way, right? He prime Warriors. You basically have to hope the Celtics and Knicks basically play each other. I don't I don't think you wanna play both of them, right? Maybe you luck out and they end up You know in the one four or something like that. But. I don't think they're gonna have a better chance on paper.


But I just don't know if I believe in this team on paper. So I'm going under Also. One other Paul George question It would make me nervous. Why the Clippers didn't pay him if I was a Philly fan. I Don't think It matters. It was the cap space. Exactly. So What, what's wrong with That? Baller cares now about the future four ERs from now. Money I would agree with that. But You know who never cares about the backend of a contract ERs Daryl, that's a fact. I'm just talking about What did What did the Clippers know? Because I think they're the ones that are dealing with a player day in and day out for six ERs. So they were just like, whoa, four ERs, that's too rich for our blood.


That's crazy, right? They just gave Kawhi Leonard at extension No. You can, you're right. But. He couldn't even Play But. It was this or What. Paul George Was the Dealbreaker. This or What for the Sixers. It wasn't like they had their pick of five or six different, I'm not arguing with the Sixers. Part. I would just be nervous. That the Clippers were like can All right, good luck man. Well I think You were nervous. Already Can And You had No choice. Here's your fourth year. We're nervous ERs. Hell thank you. Are You under or over? Under And house ERs slight over I? Feel like it's a 50 and a half The bottom line ERs there's a lot of 50 win teams in the league this year. We're gonna take a break and then hit the other two in this conference. Star division


This episode is brought to you by Michelob ULTRA from Tipoff to hoist in the trophy. Celebrate every moment of the WNBA finals with a Michelob ULTRA in hand. The WNBA ERs so hot we just launched a Ringer WNBA show podcast can That's Happily. yes. You know What goes well with it. Mic low B ULTRA the taste super smooth, low calories and carbs. Why not save on calories if you're drinking a good beer? re like to keep nice and cold. It's just really good. And You got that WNBA finals like all kinds of crazy matchups might add the two best teams in the league playing in round two. It's gonna be amazing. We'll see how far Caton Clark and goes. You're not gonna wanna miss a moment. Stock up on Michelob ULTRA for the WNBA finals Michelob ULTRA Superior Light Beer. Enjoy responsibly copyright 2024 Anheuser-Busch Michelob Cher Registered Light Beer St. Louis, Missouri.


This episode ERs brought to you by Buffalo Wild Wings Go takeout and delivery from Buffalo Wild Wings ERs now Buffalo Wild Wings go and for a limited time you can get 10 free boneless wings from Buffalo Wild Wings. Go when you spend $15 and use promo code go boneless. Which by the way, I'm a boneless guy. Sorry I just love It You know some people are like boneless wings depending on the situation. Some people are hardcore wings. I'm a boneless guy. It makes it easier for boneless too. When you try any of the bub sauces, you can just smear 'em right in there. They have a crazy amount of sauces and dry rubs, which you should know if you've been to Buffalo Wild Wings. There's like 26 of them. My favorites Nashville Hot I really like the orange chicken. And I'm an original Buffalo guy and if I had to pick one, I would pick the Nashville Hot 'cause re like my mouth feeling hot when I'm eating Boneless Chicken. Let's be honest Wings. They're the one true football food. So the fact that you can get 10 of them free while you watch I don't know the first Sunday action when they have all those games. In the early games you can just flipping around Maybe, you got a little multi-view, action, whatever, eat some wings while you're doing it. It's awesome. Order takeout or delivery from Buffalo Wild Wings. Go while you watch the games this football season. Enjoy your 10 free boneless wings and Maybe. Enjoy some Nashville hot sauce while you're at It at participating locations for a limited time when you order in the Buffalo Wild Wings web or app.


Okay, the Toronto Raptors, let's go. Priscilla had them in the worst season. Tickets draft over under 29 and a half. They were 25 57 last year. Just it's a blanket under for me. What do You got ol Heavy under the heaviest Let's lock. Wow. Whoa, This ERs are We doing worse rosters Or we We? you Do That right now if you want. Okay, look, Washington's terrible But, at least with Mike Winger and and the people there. There's a plan and and they're really smart and he has a really good track record. So You know We all know what's going on there.


It's just that Sar I don't know how exciting that's gonna be the first year. How Sarr I think not exciting I, you tell you That house ERs not excited, not Exciting. Okay. All right, there you go. That's season ticket holder. Unexcited Definitely not a season ticket holder. Not, not yet. Under Any Circumstance, season ticket's available has Everything's available. 10 game packs, there's nothing not available. How About You? Get you in the three hundreds for a six pack a homer, A massage. Okay, they offered me a massage during the game Kind of massage. All right, so look, Chicago's been mentioned. Portland's been mentioned. I, don't you know I Don't I. Think that's a little disrespectful. You know there's some Charlotte stuff, You you go through. There're too deep going ERs this that much fun. Let me offer to you Toronto and What, they're spending on this group because once we looked at the numbers after the off season, everything had settled down.


So this team went 25 and 57, they traded four quickly. And RJ Barrett where I'll go on record saying like I think OG And some of the shooting numbers are a little inflated because there's specific where I thought RRG had a little bit more or RJ Barrett had a little bit more flow to the game and like getting into his offense. So I think he's actually like a little bit more talent offensive player. The metrics on it, tell me I'm an idiot. Okay, fine, fine. Quickly, You knew ERs soon. ERs You signed him. You were gonna be like I really like him now I don't. They're spending 81 and a half million dollars this year on quickly. RJ Barrett and Bruce Brown, that's $81 million on those three guys. And remember that brown contract was this weird thing that floated around because Denver couldn't match it.


Next year. Next year with the new extension for Barnes, who re like Barnes. So at least Barnes gives you more hope than say anyone in some of these other bad rosters. You're paying Barnes quickly in RJ 109 million. And if you want to throw in Jaka Perle's 20 million, that's 129 million in two ERs for Barnes. Quickly, RJ Barrett and Jaka fucking Perkel who re like re like Jaka Perle, they gave 'em an $80 million extension because they traded for him. I think they added a lin because they Gave up a pick for Perle, right? But, they're they're bad and kind of expensive Can it's I don't understand it's The rarest of rare. can the Pistons hit this a couple ERs ago?


Yes. When they had Blake, The quickly contract ERs exactly the type of contract I would just never give out if I was a gym, it's in that Jordan pool hero. You're paying between 30 and 40 million for a guy who ERs it. Time for an investor call on Messiah Ri Oh man ERs it time like We I. Dunno if I had any Messiah stock Messiah won the title. He the train Won the title We are officially five ERs outside the the won the title window mean Well. He's definitely outside it. I think the Raptor fans are kind of wondering what's Going on with this thing. What the fuck ERs this team What I can't believe What the you're right house anyway, answer your own question. yes No, I'm just asking here's a the, the trade of OG ERs fine.


Why would You bring back those two guys? What ERs your goal What are You imagining you're going to do with this team. How ERs the how are those two guys who you competing against foundational Pieces are compet against? Who are You competing against for that quickly Money, right? Was somebody else sitting there like the Russians Another league? yes ERs there Another League can ERs there a live basketball tournament that We don't t know about it Don't What's weird ERs That for all the money they spent I still don't like how all these guys mesh together? Guess You know it doesn't. Who else doesn't Darko their head coach because they couldn't figure It the fuck out, Right? And they've got Grady Dick running around and then Jacoby Walter who was one of my least favorite guys in the draft and we'll see You know I don't know I've been wrong before.


A Bji found his way over there a little bit. It's a very like when I started adding up your core pieces, You. We gonna pay Scotty Barnes too much and the rookie extension can fine I totally It. yes. Just gotta do it. He's better than again some of these other rosters are going through. They'd kill to have Scotty Barnes. We're all on the same page there. But. When I added It up, I went. That's eight when you're nine figures deep. And that's the group I had in my notes. What's the point of this team before you did You? Nailed it. Oh you did No. I just That was you did your rant. But, I, I. A couple knowers of Ball Re like, like What's I did some ranting too. Oh can I was just like I don't understand the point of all these players together.


And if Grady dick ERs bad, then who knows But. He's kind of the only I. Don't think think he's bad wings. I'm saying if he's not good for What the how they're leaning on him this year, this team, you be really bad. I have a special little segment for Priscilla. I did not give him a heads up for didn't he doesn't need prep this ERs this ERs gonna be the SSC genius at work. Worst crunch time go-to plays. Where does the Scotty Barnes iso rank with some of the others? I wrote down four for some thought starters. But I don't even know if you need the thought starters. Worst ISO plays down two with 48 seconds left coming out of a timeout and you're re like this ERs gonna be fucking dog shit.


I can't wait to watch this. So What do You got I would say Lalo in something the high screen and roll stop look down wave at kids court side. Okay that's not one of my favorites. Although We only played 22 games last year. Can you top the pool coma, high screen No pool has To be on the floor at the end of the Game. That's I. Think Cam Thomas not knowing the other four guys checked in after the timeout ERs another one. Wait, I have teammates, We haven't even done my, those guys wearing, wearing my shirts. Can't I can't wait to share my Cam Thomas number with You. Guys would What about would you go scoot eight and pick and roll Re like That? Okay, because Aton stretches the floor Scoots dynamic off the dribble.


The Tatum stepped back three at the end of the end of the quarter. I'm Glad You the included that. The elbow. The elbow. Everyone. yes, That does suck. yes, that one sucks. I dunno Why the stats are But. They're awful. You. Remember the ones against Atlanta when they blew both of those games? Oh yes, yes. That week. That was fun. Are there any other ones? I Dunno We I. Guess we you go, there was some Jalen Green ones a couple ERs ago. There were where I was like, hey I was the top pick everybody just get out the way. Place Under for me under for Illa ERs a lack under for Joe. House can under Under I Mean I. Gotta say I'm a little confused why this over under was so high, the 29 and a half Maybe, they thought Knicks nurse was still there.


But that just I would've when I was doing these I would've guessed like 24 and a half, 25 and a half for them three. Think about it. They went 25 in 57 with the AKA portion, right? you like this ERs a lock for me. So And they Also didn't have a first round pick. Not that Maybe, this draft won up. All right, last team in this division, the Brooklyn Nets house and I scouted them last night against the Wizards on one of the TVs. They're over under ERs an astonishing 18 and a half and they have their own first round pick, which they traded back for starting lineup. I mean they have a lot of professional basketball players'. House You wanna go through it. I, I'm, I'm, I'm here. We watched it last night.


CL Claxton. yes. Finn Smith, cam Johnson, wec hiss favorite Cam Thomas Dennis Schroder, Olympic Hero rejuvenated Ben Simmons Bogdanovich ERs on this team. Sharp Clowny. It's a professional basketball team team. Jillian Hayes. I thought 18 and a half ERs too low. And I'm actually leaning over unless You guys can talk me out of it. I'm not gonna talk you out of It, I'm already over and I didn't even really hesitate. This didn't feel hard to me. If their intention and it's pretty express ERs to harvest these bodies and then trade them for assets and be in position to get Mr. Cooper flag, then the way to do that ERs to play these guys and let them get some minutes.


And if these guys play they're gonna win some basketball games 'cause they're better than, you know, some of the rosters That we've looked at and and talked about. So By the way, 32 and 50 last year can 19 wins? It's a pretty big drop off. It's, It's such a low ceiling. It's an over for me. We Were impressed last night 'cause they actually have a bunch of guys, whether you like 'em or not, who know where to move on a basketball court and offense For the most Part And for the most Part like Simmons I have No idea how many games he ERs gonna play. But, he looked genuinely good last night If they try and make it's kind shocking if him a trade asset can anything even the, even a second, right? What do you got ol I? Can't wait for the Next Simmons contract and Next team just excited about it.


you be San Antonio like re like Cam Johnson in Germany. Schroder ERs a whole different animal there. And What, If he just becomes Germany shooter, has he thought about It? He Needs to go to Orlando for that time. Benny Smith clowny another year of seasoning Claxton. It's kinda like sharp a little bit out of the draft. Here's a, here's a number for you. Here's where all your overs go to die. This ERs gonna be Cam Thomas. He should be a first round pick in fantasy. How many field goal attempts will he take? Well, let's take a look at the per 100, not just field goal attempts. A better sense of when you're out there, how often are you letting it fly? Cam Thomas averages 28 field goal attempts per 100.


That's fourth in the NBA with other notable role players. Jalen Brunson, Luca Doni and Steph Curry. This ERs why he's 50 to one on FanDuel for points per game scoring title. It's not a bad bet with that value because I think they know like they have to tank. They can't screw around. They've gotta worried about the Wizards. 18 and a half ERs such a low number. But I. Think the 30 and two. The 32 and 50 last season ERs irrelevant. There's a couple vibe killers on this team. Gimme the under. Okay On Cam Thomas. 'cause I don't feel like you went far enough. Cam Thomas go all day. He scored 27 a game in the last two months of the season on 400 shots a game.


But I was thinking about the good stats, bad team hall of fame. Sure and actually went through and just spent way too much time on this. And I'm gonna give You my starters and a four man bench. Pete Marvi, 19 77, 31 points a game. Pete belongs on these teams 'cause Pete's Pete was a good stats bad team guy for his entire career. Bradley Beal, your favorite 20 21, 31 point three points A game World B free 1980 San Diego Clippers Never Get his wish. Point two points a game. All these guys I picked had losing records. Kevin Willis, 19 91, 15 0.4 rebounds a game.


Remember when he was just trying to run the rebound title and like everything else be damned. S Nader, same thing. 19 80, 15 0.1 points a game and then the bench you Bring Upen Nader a lot. I don't know anything about him. So Naer 15 a game man Bowl 1986. Bullets What. Do he do five blocks a game in 26 minutes? I'm throwing them on there. I needed a, you need rim protection. Well you can't Leave. Put Mano not Mark. Eaton. What. I Mean Mark. Mark Eaton's teams were okay. Game can they weren't all. Alright Jerry Stackhouse 2001, 29.8 points. A game on 24 shots a game. And then Freeman Williams, my third 1980s San Diego Clipper, the all time good stats, bad team guy, jelly Bean.


Joe O'Brien was on that ERs well mm, 18.6 points a game in 25.8 minutes. And then my favorite John Drew, 1980 three Jazz, 21.2 points a game in 27.4 minutes. It was fucking going up when he was in the game. Anyway, I think Cam Thomas has a chance to world be free at this year. I, I. Think it you be legendary and I think that's by design. So nobody's But then I think it's gonna piss off other guys. I think Bridges literally stopped caring. It was so bad. Hmm, during the season. That's just an observation. No Intel More popular. The Li Ear or the Nets right now it's gotta be the Liberty I think it ERs.


They got Next. It's Happily. yes, we're moving to the Southeast But. Not before we take a break.


This episode ERs brought to by Ubereats, it's football season. you can now get almost anything you need for game day delivered with Ubereats. What. do we mean by almost? Well you can't get a running back delivered But. you can get baby back Ribs delivered A field goal. That's a No But. A honey butter dinner roll. Oh can that's a yes. A six pack of abs definitely No. A six pack of seltzers. Ubereats can get You that. There you have it. Get almost, almost anything for game day. Delivered with Ubereats official on-demand food delivery partner in the NFL Order Now. Product availability may vary by Region C app for details.


This episode ERs brought to you the 2025 Lincoln Aviator. SUV Hmm. The 2025 Lincoln Aviator nails that feeling in Next level confidence. The updated grill and sleek lights. Total head turners under the hood of refined twin turbo V six powers you through with authority inside pure comfort plush three row seating, custom climate control available massage seats keep you ready to tackle whatever's Next explore more@lincoln.com. Some models, trims and features may not be available or may be subject to change. Check with your local retailer for current information. Lincoln and Aviator are trademarks of Ford or its affiliates.


All right. The southeast ERs our last division. We always end in the southeast. Always. Who's your turquoise guy? You got one? Orlando Magic starting us off 47 and a half last year. We were super bullish on the Orlando Magic. We went all in. We all had the over It won easily. They were 47 and 35. They lost Markel fault. Tough one for Sir Rudy. He's still unsigned. Well, he ERs he's having knee issues. Yes. Well just can know They added KCP Can, They're minus 1 45 for the division 17. One for the conference. 16 to one for the one seed.


So OKC goes from 24 wins to 40 to 55 last three ERs. Orlando goes 22 to 34 to 47. What's the limit this year in your head for wins for them? 50 I. Think this you be a 50 win team. 50 to 50 three. Sure I mean fine. Okay. You know But it Low fifties, It's an over for me at 47 and a half. re like That number 47 games last year. The offense was the lowest of any playoff team at 22 in the league. You got It house. I. I mean the, those are all my notes. No I don't, I'm not gonna go through 'em all. I'm, I'm We're a hundred percent lockstep.


27th and three point frequency. 25th and three point accuracy. Wil Franz, fucking Wagner. Wagner. Make a fucking three when it matters. When. Give me the Franz Wagner sizzle reel. I can't, I can't Imagine he's gonna be this bad from, he's just gonna be bad from three. Now What Happen though I Dunno because the for sure the team do better last year. Alright. The team was better. No. I feel Good about and the stakes were higher and he sucked. I think It was good learning experience for, I'm not scared off But. There's been a lot of good players that had a shitty playoff. I thought he was pretty good in the Olympics. It wasn't just the playoffs, he was a bad three No shooter last year. I get It.


I'm going over ERs, Well and I'm putting a lock on that one. Wow. yes. I. Think I'm locking It up. I am this ERs where You guys are gonna beat me 'cause I'm, I'm taking there under I. Think they're gonna go 47 and 35 again. You've Really got It mapped out to the half game. Well I just Your model. So here, here's the thing. I don't know why they wouldn't be better 'cause I think Franz will be better. Paolo might actually be better in like a, oh my god, he's one of the best. That's the 11 players in the league. That's The answer for why I'm gonna lose this. That KCP was, was one of the two things they needed. They still need the other thing. Which ERs they need somebody who can give that like I thought Malik Monk would've been perfect for them.


But, somebody like that that can come off the bench and create offense for them. But Isaac's gonna be playing. They, they brought him back. I think they have different looks. They basically Just resigned all their own guys. They did. They Have continuity. Kcp can They continuity in a good Way? yes. Which ERs smart and good. I don't. And then the question for Me ERs 1 47. yes. I I think They would 40 the question for me ERs. ERs can they, can they get anything outta Anthony Black? Yes. Why not I mean why would the Anthony Black Like can he give them 20 minutes? I want somebody to help me understand Franz Wagner. That's the thing. Okay. I'm worried he he was not good in the in the just hate s the Germans I don't he? His brother was very good in the Olympics. His Brother was good in the Olympics. I know Sadly to everyone Sugar in Gary Harris ERs back on the team.


I was really hoping this would be It for our long national neighbor. They can't shake him Gary Harris. They just can't quit. Gary Harris But this ERs a strong strong over for me. S one for the conference. I thought was interesting too because It's Did you watch that series against Cleveland last year? I it. It. I'm just saying I'm a you know me better than anybody. I'm gonna petty I wanted better I lost money on them. Know you did because petty, they couldn't score the effing basketball and show me how that's going to change. Here's What needs to change though. Here's What needs to change. yes. That needs to get Done. can I'm listening. So I think That Paolo ERs a really good example of watching and the difference between the analytic approach to him. cause there was some stuff that would tell You, he's overrated, he's not super efficient.


And I would counter with when you watch them the number of games, especially when it started to really like become a thing End of the year. yes. Into January. you the Denver game, he was hitting all these huge shots and you're re like this ERs Happily a yes like this ERs really Happily. yes. I'm doing the monologue on this guy tomorrow. But. He was bailing them out of so many awful possessions because they didn't have the traditional point guard Part of it. And if you look at shock quality and there's variation for however you wanna look at it, But like, okay, who has the most possessions in the NBA? Well Luca had the most possessions last year. Where did he rank on like shock quality points per possession? Well because he, he's so good and everything was on him.


He was in the 41st percentile. Right? Not very good at the high-end. Shocker. Yoic. 'cause he won't take bad shots, he just won't. He was in the 92nd percentile Paolo ERs in the 20th percentile on shock quality according to the data That I have. Which again, there you be a number that goes a little But. It's pretty glaring that he got stuck taking so many bad shots because everything was on him. Which I think ERs the explanation of dragging down that efficiency And the arguments that I've seen That Maybe, he's not really ERs good I. Think he ERs so special and the burden that he had, and again it comes down to watching it. like why ERs he inefficient ERs he inefficient or ERs he in inefficient situations.


And so I think he's like a really good study of last year of the difference between just What the numbers tell you and then why those numbers exist in the first place. All right, I'm situation, I'm we're allowed to switch. Yes, you're allowed to switch. I'm going over. Okay. 'cause I you reminded me ERs you were making the good compelling case about Paolo that I bet him to win the MVP of this league at plus one 50 three at 150 three to one Odds I re like It's fucking I mean he has the talent to do it someday. There's No question. yes. But, you yes. It's not gonna be this season. No But that number was just like Crazy I think What You say about situation with stats ERs such a good point. 'cause I was thinking about That a lot. I talked about it on my podcast with Drake May and Brit where you're re like You can't play Drake may because the Pats can't block anyone.


The quarterback's under siege and it's like, well Part of the reason they're under siege ERs. 'cause everyone who plays them knows that Bri set can't throw the ball more than seven yards. So the defense ERs just all the way up and yes of course they're under siege. And then when Drake may You you see in the second half their offensive line still can't block That. Well But the field opened up and things opened up, right? And all of a sudden guys were open because they couldn't play up like they did. 'cause he, you throw it over their heads and the Palo thing, there was so many times last year where six seconds left on the shot clock and they would throw It to em and he'd be like, okay, I. You know you had those or you can see had the whole deep shaded to his side. I See the six 10 guy dribbling from the elbow left to right and then You know this kind of fit.


yes, you're looking and going that shot's not that great. But the, the Anthony reason I brought up Anthony Black was they so desperately needed That point guard something. So just to alleviate somebody, he can't be Initiating literally everything No. And you're right, like you hope it's more Suggs or more Anthony Black I. Totally agree. Miami Heat. So we're all over on Orlando Miami, Heat 40 three and a half plus 1 75 for the division. Plus two 40 to miss the playoffs minus 1 25 for the plan. They're basically running It back. They made their big trade last February and it seems like they're kind of standing pat waiting to see how it happen.


Where What, how this plays out. Ce are you buckled up for the Jimmy Butler revenge tour? Oh can. Because there's some Kaiser shit Bruin right now and I don't know if people, people are focused on it. But, I I love That. Pat Riley just called him out and It fucking worked. Right? It pissed him off. He didn't even do like the stupid hair at media day thing. you he's fucking pissed. like, like, like how many other guys you that hey you don't think I, you play You. Don't think I can play more than 60 games motherfucker. like he's mad and mad. Jimmy Butler. I'm in the Butler story in general. ERs just kind of fascinating because this Miami deal with the 20 finals and You know What he did a couple ERs ago and getting this team. yes like I don't know That. Anybody's ever been rewarded more for not winning a title than That.


And again they should be It. The Hall of Famer now can he didn't win the title But. He's certainly a player that we're gonna remember from whatever this generation was, Right? But, I mean. We've already covered this. Not But, they didn't give him But, they didn't give him the extension because, and then Riley called him out. Riley ERs at the old man in his eighties stage where he just gives No fucks anymore. He's like fuck this You, you weren't available to us enough last year. like We didn't like how the season went. We're not giving the max extension. Prove it to us. That, you deserve one. And I think Jimmy Butler ERs like okay And they still probably won't do it. I'd like to see the full RO experience with these guys pretty And another year ago, Jovic ERs probably one of my favorite, like you this happen.


Think There was some Olympic stuff with him too. Yes, I really liked him before the draft. So I'm a little more invested In That it YouTube, Hawke. They signed a Berks And then everybody liked where the draft pick 'cause ERs soon ERs You watch 'em play in the summer league. you re like, oh that'll make a lot of sense for them. like it fits a real need to kind of balance out What Bam gives you look it's an over just because of sp Same boat, a hundred percent exact same boat. Not fading. Miami not fading. Spo just not gonna do It. I went into, how'd They win 46 games last year. Exactly. I went into the preseason like this ERs the year. It all falls apart from Miami can. So did I. It's gonna be a disaster. I Jimmy Butler's checked every box for me. I'm all in I. Think he's gonna be really good at least for the first two months.


Whether he you stay healthy, he's 35 ERs old. We'll see But I think he's gonna have a huge chip on his shoulder this year. So we're all in a Miami Plus by the way. They still have a trait to make if that's It, that's the Reason why January February range can, there's moves that they, you make can, there's always, They're always willing to to try and get better. 44 ERs a low bar for them it feels like to me. Well we're about to do the most fun team That. We you possibly do But. We Have to take one more break.


This message ERs a paid partnership with Apple Card. if you wanna take control of your finances, apple Card ERs where It starts. It's a credit card. That can give you up to three percent daily cash back on every purchase. And I've had it for a few ERs. First of all, great if you're buying anything from Apple, iPad, computer, whatever phone But, this daily cash just pops back up. All of a sudden you're re like, wait, what's that balance? I'm gonna use That balance. Super easy to use, super easy to make payments and super easy to understand. That three percent daily cash back on your purchases. ERs a really nice perk. Apply for an Apple card today. It's easy. Just go to the wallet app on your iPhone subject to credit approval. Apple card issued by Goldman Sachs Bank, USA Salt Lake City branch terms and more@applecar.com


Here We Go. The podcast has moved to this moment right here. The Atlanta Hawks, the team that really messed up What would've been an incredible run for us last year, which was still really great. They really screwed us. None that they screw us But. They had one of the worst records against the spread in the history of the NBA I. Think for ERs long ERs. They'd been tracking it. Just a massive disappointment every time. It felt like It was gonna get better. It didn't. They finally traded Deonte Murray their over under has dropped down 2 36 and a half. They had the number were pick in the draft. They took re she controversial pick they traded Murray for Dyson Daniels and Larry Nance and some picks.


I'm gonna hold my thoughts. Ce you start us off. 'cause I know What House thinks Every year I pick the over because I'm like, you know this team's actually pretty talented even though Trey's not my favorite. The Deonte thing backfired. They still owe all the picks. So they have to say competitive even though they got super lucky with Resche, potentially in the worst year to get That Lucky. Fuck It Under, Under. I'm stunned. I'm so sick of like You know this ERs like a breakup. If Deandre Hunter can just get a couple of steady months, You know Buff can ERs interesting. I'm, I'm thrilled about Dyson Daniels I Look I every year. I pick over I talk about their talent. You know, one they 10.


This feels like a spite under It spite. It's a hundred Percent under. It's a spite under great. Read This, It really resonates with me how You guys are going over. you can doing it again. I'm going super over. I'm going way over with it. I'm going over with Lock Next. we it. Okay. 36 and a half. Sign me up. Here's the biggest thing. Dominic Barlow, They don't have their first round pick. yes, San Antonio has it. There's literally No incentive for them to suck. I'm not saying they're gonna tank But like we just did it a year ago. You're right. I'm chasing it. I'm chasing it. A year later. That's fine. All right, I'm gonna go. I'm gonna go here. Okay. Kind of like the team. We watched it last night. Do It and We.


Were like Jesus Christ do It Larry Nets seven, six foot nine athletic guys who you shoot threes of this team. What's Happily? yes. Well They'll suck on defense again. yes. I don't see. So we were watching re she closely last night. I think he's gonna play and I think he's gonna be good. Can You might be the first person I've heard Say that. How about this? I'm looking for places on Ree Island. yes. Yes. I. I mean You're in. It's a lot of undeveloped. I'm in. It's a lot of undeveloped land. I think you can have any place You want. We watched this play. There was this play in the, in the second half. Yes. Yes. And I watched It and the house was barely paid. Attention. I Rewound. It I was like house watch. This was not paying attention. He was, he was defending somebody at the top of the key like 35 feet away Guy made a drive to the right, he stuck with him the whole way.


Ooh. Forced a Out. Sounds incredible. Misplay moving the other way. Re Shea bust his ass down. So he, you get a layup and I was just like, this guy gets It. I'm in. This guy plays defense. He runs the floor. He, you shoot threes and you know it's hard. I, I'm so bad at picking foreign guys. But, But. That You just articulated the scouting report, right? He played in, he was a Euro Cup, rising star. yes. He looks like an Adult. yes. ERs. Ben Point. yes. There's I was like this guy looks like he 25. He Played in a competitive league and he always had the other team's. Toughest wing can in That in That League. I. So I And then Maybe. You throw in Daniels who you've liked for three fucking ERs.


you re like That, You Love Daniels Daniels and Maybe. They will be better on defense because they have him and they have Larry Nance and we Havet me. Jaylen Johnson Johnson. There you go there Jalen Johnson. Finally. Jalen Johnson. Bump ERs. The reason for the over there go a hundred percent. That's the, you know, What. I a No. I'm not doing That. Come on. Oh come join us. you. yes you can flip half on I flipped on it gonna fun. I know I can come, come, come, come. I don't want. I'm gonna wear I. Don't want I didn't Mention bvi. I'm gonna eat lemon pepper wings. Bogdanovich T Tray Young. He still outside with Dee's not here now I can cook. I think Deonte. Have you seen Capelli ERs Huge I don't want him huge Like, like 15 pounds of muscle. He's doing the opposite of Tim Duncan slash Joel. You know else they have your guy Larry Nance I love Larry Nance Kind of like Buffin re like this team on back end.


What. Do you think they're gonna do nine seed, No, I? Just think they're high thirties. 36 and a half too low. High thirties ERs that. yes. High Thirties. That's all We need boys. High, High thirties. It's the play Hawks. You No. They, they have a, that's their identity. It's No. They're literally the the play Hawks. I've done this, I've done this for like three ERs not doing it this year. They Don't have their picked this year. They have a Sacramento protected first Spurs swap in 26. They have either Milwaukee or New Orleans's Pick and 27 worst one. And then they own all their own first 28, 29, 30. So they're actually incentivized to give a shit I just like their team re like I. Just like the makeup of just a bunch of long guys who can shoot people staring at me sarcastically, rebounders and RI protection.


Sure. yes. No. And, and you know Bogdanovich ERs a Heat check guy. Sure. And the East sucks. They can't wait to make, There's six terrible teams. There's Dying. They're gonna win 39 ERs. You guys might be right playing. I'm not doing It. You don't Have to. We tried can Charlotte Hornets over under 30 and a half. This ERs a lock under. Great. I'm I'm right there to join you. I Didn't I did. I didn't even wait. can Sorry No I couldn't believe the number. Just I couldn't believe the number. They were 21 and 61 last year. They were actually above expected. Their offense ERs terrible. Their defense was worse. They can't shoot Maybe. The ACH minutes were exciting for people.


Lonzo's back, excuse me, lame was back who has one of the most incredible stat profiles of, of any guy you can gonna run across. He's played 184 of three hundred 28 games in four ERs. He had like a top 10 usage rate in the games he played But, he Also had like a minus 12 net rating. So for all the guys, That are like the highest usage. They're the best players in league. So they're generally like the net rating ERs pretty good. yes. And with him, It was off the charts terrible. And look, he's I would say he's the stat head. MVP can you know That thing in baskets because there's other things you can look up where it's like only seven guys ever have averaged 22, 6 and six for the first four ERs.


Yes. And You know Stab News won't have That 'cause they'll shoot out Lonzo Ball at you. They'd be like, were you looking for a condo in St. Pete? Were you looking for the ball State Water polo team, I You know you, you talk yourself into the Brandon Miller Part of It. Let's see What happens with Mark Williams Health. And then you know, No one would've suggested That Miles, Bridge's extension at that number made sense. But. They felt like they were in a spot where they had to protect the asset. I, you know I, it's a lot of money Chat, green Comeback can I look I don't I read something about like Josh Green, like oh he flamed out down I always kinda like the Josh Green man. Me Too. can you're fine. Can Hustler can great role player. Yes. A of energy through That.


So you know, whatever. I'm gonna stop talking now. But, it's under You Didn't talk about Grant Williams Bench. Grant Williams plug and play better And Leader Can House. The only case to go over ERs with It's two parts. It's it's Lalo Ball plays 65 games and Charles Lee ERs a magician. Charles Lee, there's all, there's a lot of Charles Lee love out there, beloved Charles Lee coming together and an enormous improvement over Steve Clifford. And he ERs gonna put all these guys, they're all gonna buy in. I'm not gonna buy in. I've already stayed in my position on the under But. That's the case for the over it's lame ball playing.


You know, Tre man To the games unleashed Perhaps Meic Zero playoff games in the last eight ERs. Can La Melo be the best guy in a playoff team? No. Fuck No No. He's, he ERs funny how like the mellow thing has now kind of come full circle where I didn't like him before the draft. And then some teams that working him out were like, dude, he's so big and the way he sees the court and then when you watch him the beginning you're re like his handle and the shooting numbers and all of his stuff and I kind of think he's like, he's this, he's like a creative player video game guy. That your kids fucking love. Totally agree with This can. And then You look at the other stuff you're re like, can they stink all the time?


They are 1 24 and 1 94 in the Lalo era. I Thought he misses a lot of time. like way more than I realized. I thought long and hard about the over and here's why you mentioned Charles Lee, the Celtics love that dude. I know like That guy I understand. They thought That guy was amazing and everyone in Milwaukee loved him too. And I actually think he's gonna be a really good coach. Sure. But this It feels like their organization in general like the hired a gm, That, everybody respects they have like a new ownership group. They do. yes. They're yes. Taking their time. They're not doing the We bought a team. Let's, they're not doing the, they even Let everybody stay I think for a year from the previous regime. Right? They've just, I don't handled their business correctly.


I. So I'm kind of rooting for the over But. I don't see the talent. I I don't know if people like I don't know if it'll, all the stuff will ever come out. But Jordan May have been one of the worst like owner into the front office. Guys you like I think there's just so much respect for him. It was like, ah, let's not even like do one of these stories. But just terrible, terrible at it. A Poland new. That's why yes, A got out a Poland I really wanted hit. Go over I. Don't think they're gonna get anything from their first run pick this year. Which made me nervous. And then even though I think people saloon, I think people like to pick But. He's, oh dude I just I. Don't see him playing like 35 minutes a game. Please Once Just unleash him Once every couple weeks.


It should be like go out there and Just go nuts. He's Watch him the first time he goes to box out a guy in an NBA game, the other guy ERs, if it's an older player who's been around with some resume, he's gonna get so pissed off at him. I was watching him box out. I would rewind the clips watching him box out against guys. He plays every possession like it's the last time he's ever gonna be allowed to play basketball. So I kind of loved him. But, I, Also am afraid he might not be good. Well here's the problem with all of us going under on Charlotte. So if you look at the playing tournament, What, let's just say, let's say the top six in the east are Boston, Cleveland, New York, Orlando, Milwaukee, Philly in some order, right? Those six I Think that's fair.


And then Indiana ERs the seventh, But, Maybe, they move up, somebody bounced down, there's basically a top seven. And then You have Miami and Atlanta. I think We would say are in the eight, nine spots, probably But. We still need a 10th playing team. And the options are Charlotte, Toronto, Detroit, Chicago, Brooklyn or Washington. And from What we just did We. Think all of those teams are gonna be under 30 wins. No. I. So We might have a playing team. That goes like 29 and 50 three. Didn't I go over on Chicago Maybe? You did But But both thirties. My point ERs we've never had, we'll probably never be in a worse playing situation than this.


They should probably just say this, the the seven C just gets to advance and let's have the eight nine for the for the eight C. All Right. If they announced before the season started That Brandon Miller was gonna be the focal point of the team and they were gonna build him up and that was gonna be the way over the meow. I. I would, I would bet on them. I would bet on, on Charlotte. Re like What they're doing re like That. They put shooters around Lalo I think there's a plan. I think the coach ERs good. Everyone likes the GM And there's something here. But, are you still sticking? We're a year. I'm sticking under I mean the, the big news ERs because Also Mello plays What 50 games a year. They Convinced him to wear ankle braces on both his ankles. That's the big MLO news. yes. Coming. Alright, last But, not least the Washington Wizards.


Oh God always finishing the podcast. This ERs a tradition unlike any other, the Wizards being the last team. So they're over under this year ERs 20 and a half ERs that a new low house, they been That, low What, were they last year? 20 three and a half. 24 and a half. 20 and a half ERs low. 20 and a half ERs ERs low deserve. They're 18 to one. Make the playoffs last year. They're in 67. It Should be 180,000 to one to make the playoffs. They lost Abia who I thought was their most reliable player and replaced him with Malcolm Brog. Malcolm Brogdon and Bub Carrington. Anybody else I'm leaving on That. Well Carrington, they they, they drafted can they drafted George? They drafted Carrington. They had a good draft has and They and Alex, Alex Sar No I'm Saying right can and and a historically bad draft Baldwin big high school profile They Got so and they added Jonas Uni.


So the starting five I'm guessing ERs Jonas who will be traded in February. Alex Sarr coz Kyle Uzma Who be traded whenever Malcolm Brogden and Jordan Pool Illa will Brogden open up Jordan Pool's game I. Think Brogan's hurt. He's already hurt. So then I think it's cool Bali, He already, he's already hurt. Okay, he's already hurt. Kula, Bali, Johnny Davis ERs fifth on the de chart at That. I'd be trying to trade for Kiss Bird if I was another team can Just give. He absolutely helps somebody kiss. I'm gonna, whatever You wanna do on this But I was leaning toward under lock for the wizard. Oh Let's just do It What What. Why What ERs there to talk about like What What What goal. Do they have who? What. What Player I mean We got the, the benefit of we watched them play Brooklyn last night.


They lost by I don't know 35 40. Their, their average losses in the preseason have been around 29 points. I mean It's the worst roster in the week. you I, I, I even think it's worse than Brooklyn's roster. Are you Kidding? This ERs one of the worst rosters I've ever seen. can right and I mean it's look, it's by design, right? can they traded their three most efficient players? Denny, tus and Gafford Sounds like a lot For You, right? So I mean I'm a little guilty. But like Part of my strategy for this was I. Think there's such a massive gap past a certain line of like the seventh team in the East and then the rest of the team's down. yes, That, I think I was over heavy and under heavy of just the two dueling spectrums of of where we're at.


And I just don't think Washington's gonna screw around when It comes to Cooper Flag. I. Don't think Brooklyn like What ERs the point. So I think there's those three teams where at this number I thought it was a gift at 20 and a half. I can't Believe That their forecast forecasted have more wins than Brooklyn. That's the thing about it. yes. That That that stuff. Yes. How low would That under have been before You thought about not going under? Because for me it was probably 14 and a half. 15 and a half. yes. can I kidding. No. Seriously? 15, 15 and a half would've made me go I can't now. Right? I mean look the randomness of if you get four extra wins that you're not supposed to get can then It screws the whole number up But. You're telling me they're gonna win one out of every four games. This team, They don't have have the alt Unders yet. 'cause I did that with the Pats and the Panthers.


The NFL But when they have the Alt Unders and it can go to like 16 and a half with like plus 200 on the Wiz. like I'm doing that. It's bangy time. yes can. I'm going gonna do That. So the the Wiz we're all going under. All right, let me recap. What. We did and then we're gonna do our Locks. Last But not least. So We have the Boston Celtics 58 and a half We. Me and Silla went over house, went under Knicks 50 three and a half. I went under house, went under Priscilla, went over Philly, 50 and a half. I went under Silla went under house, went over it's So that number on the Paul George thing dropped again A game can Can 15 and a half.


yes. Like in the last 24 hours. Alright, Toronto 29 and a half under, under under Racc threw a lock on there. can Brooklyn Nets 18 and a half house that I went over. Racc went under southeast. That's The Cooper flag in me. It's just I get It. I think there's gonna be a couple teams dueling It out there at the end. I just think they have too many pros can. You're right, it'll be one of those in the last two months of the season. We'll see some one one in 26 type records. Orlando 47 half over, over, over. I did a lock on that Miami Also lock me up. Okay, lock up ssc I moved to the over didn't I Yes can good And then We have the Miami Heat That I thought We were gonna be arguing about a little more But.


All of us like the over he culture 40 three and a Scared the shit outta of us a couple ERs ago. So Atlanta over Simmons lock house over Illa under three, six and a half. Charlotte Spiteful under You were right. Three Unders at 30 and a half for Charlotte and then three Unders at 20 and a half for the Washington Wizards Lock for me. Lock for Silla. We locked down the Wizards under last year. You, You absolutely couldn't have hit Crushed it hit more easily Crushed It. So I said The over right I did you I made an impassioned case for them playing hard for a little bit to showcase the talent and that You know they weren't incented to just be terrible right from the start.


It was way worse than I imagined because I had No idea how bad Jordan pool ERs at competitive winning basketball. Well honestly this wasn't ERs bad ERs Jordan Pool was like he took it to a whole nother level. I'm I'm buying stock penny stocks quickly before we do the final Locks player bets points per game. Luca plus 1 75 SGA plus four 30 Giannis 10 to one Ja 48 to one Cam Thomas 51. Any leans don't need to have one. I Don't think Luca I wouldn't go Luca 'cause I don't think he cares about it. Now 30 three a game like by accident I And I think he's gonna win the MVP I. Think he ERs gonna try and win the MVP this year.


Okay I think there's, That's a thing for that I. Think this I don't like any of the scoring three pointer Curry ERs minus two 60. Which I think ERs the best bet in sports Dame ERs 30 to one. if you wanna go long shot blocks per game, WEBY ERs minus four 80, just lock that one in. if you plays 55 assist per game, Tre Young was plus one 40 and Halliburton was plus one 70. I thought I actually like the Halliburton odds. A little more lame ERs 41 if you wanna put something That Halliburton led theist last year. yes You know who was fifth was LeBron Rebounds per game. S bonus plus one 90 Weby six to one for most rebounds of game I think he'd have to get to 14 I don't see It.


Here's some Weby odds for you Illa. Will he have a quadruple double this year? 12 to one I love It because it's all year You get to pretend 12 blocks in a game. Nine to one I. Feel like that's I. Think he gets that you you see him bing 12 blocks in a game ERs That crazy can The only thing that would be against It ERs That. Now the awareness of the the Weby U-turn can of where guys like the first half of the season learning. You saw I saw a couple guys like I think there was even an Austin Reeves play where I get to ask him about it after the fact and he was like, dude, I couldn't believe and now everybody like guys hate having their shot blocked. It's so embarrassing. That Maybe. He just won't have enough attempts at I.


Don't know. 50 point game plus 1 36 triple doubles this year. This was the one That really jumped out to me. 14 to one for Weby. yes he only has to have six can. Let's do this I thought That was a great one. I agree because that's just, there'd have to be six games where he has 10 blocks basically. So there You go. All right and What did you What did you have for a finals pick OKC over Boston. Good one. Re like OKC and the New York Knicks I have Boston over OKC.


Great I think they repeat and then I don't know What happens to the team after that. 'cause the tax bill Next year ERs actually ridiculous like Maybe Fuckable flip wing for Sohan. I think they you get 'em. All right, last But, not least before all of us PN ourselves, these are the final Locks. It have to be That. We only agree on two overs actually OKC 57 and a half we're all going over Locke Phoenix 47 and a half we're all going over Locke House and I are doing Cleveland 48 and a half over. I'm doing Orlando 47 and a half over.


So ERs, Illa Illa ERs doing Toronto under 29 and a half house and I are doing over Atlanta. 36 and a half I. Hope it's not just 'cause We watched That dumb game yesterday. I'm doing Washington under 20 and a half. Illa ERs doing under New Orleans. 45 and a half house and I are doing the under for Weby in San Antonio. 35 and a half. Just too high, too many love to Weby But, that's just too many. And then I'm doing the under for the Clippers. 37 and a half house ERs doing under Denver. 50 and a half I. Can't believe you're locking Denver under And the two of you are both.


Are you doing Houston over too? can my list 42 and a half You guys both have the Houston over. I'm just gonna enjoy That one from afar. Great. Okay, we'll let You know. Those are our Locks for the 24 25 NBA season. Fellas, that was four and a half hours. It flew by I. Had a great time. Thanks to Kyle au And Sir Rudy, you can watch all of these videos on the on the Bill Simmons YouTube channel and Celo. When's your Next podcast? Friday we've got Gronk and Edelman Tag Team. Wow. Well Maybe I don't know we tap with Dirk Bentley who I went to college with. So We have a lot of good stuff. Wow, great. Coming up and some recipes ERs the leaves start to Fall.


Wow. And watch Sillas got a YouTube channel too. yes. House Ringer Gambling show for We. Rolling can East Coast bias ERs on and then Million dollar Picture on Thursday? yes. All right. Good to see you guys. Must be 21 plus in President Select states for Kansas and affiliation with Kansas Star Casino or 18 plus in President DC Gambling problem.


Call 100 gambler Visit rg-help.com. Call 1 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or Visit cpg.org/chat in Connecticut or Visit md gambling help.org in Maryland. Hope ERs here, Visit gambling helpline ma.org or call 800 three two seven fifty fifty for twenty four seven Support Massachusetts. Or call 1 8 7 7 8 Hope ny. Or Text Hope NY in New York.