
Coming up Part two of the NBA over Unders Pod, the annual Extravaganza Next.


It's the Bill Simmons Podcast presented by FanDuel. Football is in full action. FanDuel's highest rated sports book is the best place to bet it all. We've been doing pretty well I Million dollar picks this year. I love the first month of the season because you have to go into the season thinking I. Think Pittsburgh's gonna be good. I think the Chargers are gonna be good. I think Seattle's gonna be good. And then trying to back What You think in those first few weeks and then zag the other way. if you were wrong, you, you bid on new and fun markets on FanDuel like to catch a pass. Same game Parlays highest scoring game across the Sunday Sleep Offensive TDS and AD Next Drive. They have so much stuff, it's crazy. The app is safe and secure and easy to use and when you win you'll get paid instantly. Plus look out for FanDuel Squares this season. Here's What. You have to do Visit FanDuel dot com slash bs to download America's number one Sportsbook. The Ringer is committed to responsible gaming. Please Visit rg help.com to learn more about the resources and helplines available and listen to the end of the episode for additional details. You must be 21 plus and President in select states gambling problem called win hundred gambler or Visit rg help.com.


This episode is brought to you by Michelob ULTRA. From Tipoff to Hoist and AD Trophy. Celebrate every moment of the WNBA finals with a Michelob ULTRA in hand. The WNBA is so hot. We just launched a Ringer WNBA show podcast. yes, that's Happily. yes know What goes well with it. Michelob ULTRA ULTRA the taste super smooth, low calories and carbs. Why not save on calories if you're drinking a good beer? Re like to keep nice and cold. It's just really good. And you got the WNBA finals like all kinds of crazy matchups. Might have the two best teams and AD League playing in round two. It's gonna be amazing. We'll see how far Ca Clark and goes. You're not gonna wanna miss a moment. Stock up on Michelob ULTRA for the WNBA finals Michelob ULTRA Superior Light Beer. Enjoy responsibly copyright 2024 Anheuser-Busch Michelob ULTRA Registered Light Beer St. Louis, Missouri.


All right, this is Part two of the annual NBA over Runners podcast with House and Silla. if you missed Part one Well, we're doing Part two. So that means Part one's already up. Let's bring in Pearl Jam one more time. All it's Part two We are doing the Pacific division to start.


That is the division that has both LA teams in it. It Also. Is the Phoenix Suns Having an over under? Is that gone up house? 47 and a half right now in FanDuel I. See 47 and a half. Okay, they're plus one 50 for the division, which to me is a bet If you don't know, nobody knows They're 13 to one to be the one seed, which I think is semi enticing as like an OKC backup bet. And in general, new coach, coach But is in town. They added Tys Jones. They're finally gonna have a point guard re like Plumley re like Monty Morris. Ow I love this team for the over. yes, yes I.


Think the 47 and a half is is beyond tasty and beyond enticing. I. Think this is a low to mid fifties win. Team Bud's gonna add them. Shooting threes Durant Booker coming off the Olympics. I was out last year. I'm in this year When we last saw them. yes. Punked by Minnesota I know everybody laughing at 'em. I get It Bradley Beal. It's funny. You wanna look at like some misleading numbers. Look at Bradley Beal's like overall numbers and then his splits and You know all this stuff. Look, I'm with you. I am really impressed with What they were able to do on the margins considering they had No options to have Ty Jones as an option. you can have Booker on the ball later if you want to do That.


Grace Allen was incredible. They kept Royce O'Neill. This Ryan Dunn thing is even weirder because he Was supposed like, yes he's been a preseason can. Is this gonna be like a Phil planter situation or do We believe this is It's a deep cut early nineties baseball joke. Really Excited about But. like look, there's No way. Here's, here's why it's an over for me. They had the worst offense and AD NBA and AD fourth quarter and the worst net rating of 30 NBA teams. This team had the worst No sense net rating and AD fourth quarter It makes No sense. There's No way that happens. Again, I think it's an over because even through all of their nonsense, they won 49 games last year. It's a super over for me as well. I mean I.


I. Think That the the coach Bud thing is the, you know one of the the the quieter developments in and AD West and What that does to propelling this team I think they're re like gonna be in that four seed Maybe Valley for three, three seed kind kind of space. I have them a two seed and AD and AD and AD and AD Western Conference I do. Wow. So that means you have over I. Think it's never Minnesota I have them right? Next we each other and You have him over Dallas by the way re like Vogel and I think he's a good coach who won a title I. Just think he was the wrong coach for that team. He was terrible timing too. They threw That team, that whole effing team together. That team was never gonna be good on defense, right? can you can bringing in Vogel, it's like he's gonna bring in defensive do it and it's like You know What, this team's not gonna be great on defense.


You know What, they're gonna be really good at offense and I think Bud is just going, you can see It, he's like shoot some fucking threes. Get those threes up. That's It can. You're all good shooter. That's who they're gonna be. yes you can Shooters and Bradley Bial You know if he can just play 60 games. He hasn't done That in Five years. But don't I even know if It matters with him. I'm serious. can Bonus yes a I'm saying it exactly. But, that's That. That's the, that's the, that range between 51 and 55 wins for me if he shows up right? Can I read you some Bud Stats? I love that people love Bud. Again, Regular season Bud One a title with all this talent Well. I'm gonna give you some stats. Career 8 0 1 and 4 84 60 0.4% winning percentage.


He had five 50 win seasons. Two of those were 60 plus. Here are all the coaches that have 800 plus wins, 60% winning percentage. Phil Jackson, red Aback, Steve Kerr, Greg Popovich, pat Riley, Jerry Sloan and Coach Bud. That's the entire list. It's a good coach. The Milwaukee thing got super weird and you, you go back and you, you watch those games and you, you watch that Miami game which I think blew your brain. I You did. Blew my brain out. I. Think you just did a solo pod for like seven hours after That last Jimmy Butler game I. Think I hour seven here and AD Illa po I think I did an emergency pod for that game because I don't even I think the pod accidentally turned on You. Were just talking to yourself and we just somehow were Recording it.


really good chance. That's Also True But can I just think Milwaukee got weird. It was time for him to go. He seems re like everything I've read about him, everyone's like this guy's in great shape. He was kind of a mess in Milwaukee. Now he is. Now he is like refocused needed the year off But. This is like a mad scientist team. This is a team That would be really fun to coach or a nightmare to coach if you're the wrong kind of coach for It. See That's where I think the Vogel Part of It 'cause It came together and these guys had all the answers so they weren't gonna listen to Vogel and it's like actually You got embarrassed by like an right honked you guys So I think whoever the Next coach was post Vogel is probably somebody they're going to respond to a little bit. 'cause I think they thought they had the plan last year, Right? We don't need, can we just just roll the ball out Coach?


So Vogel was, if It were reversed, who knows Well That. I mean he has Nage trying threes I don't know if he's gonna actually shoot them during the season. But I hope They get off to a good start. I do I hope they get off to a good start because I think the Durant stuff was heading towards weird town possibly this summer. But Phoenix. Remember you and I were doing the potter around the draft. ES ESP was saying can they wanted hit trade him And then I had even talked to somebody that said you can save right now and AD pod with Bill tonight. like we're not trading Durant. And I was like I hope you're not lying to me. And they weren't. Nope Can I look as you know I completely overrated Olympic basketball at all times. But I think it was good for Durant. This booker's Just patriot in you. I think It was good for Duran Booker that We had six dudes that in fucking nut crunch time that they trusted and I thought It was a great experience for Booker.


That's My booker position. you yes like all the booker shit that I take, it's Like book's a huge win for him for like Booker Tatum and everything. like there's a reason why I just I stand up for this guy all the time. So, And Tys Jones who I think the diehard league pass people and I include the three of us. like we really like that guy and he was really good on Memphis and then house had him. That's all you can say. But still shot 40 over 41% can there from three on four times a game. He, the whole philosophy of We don't need a point guard. I've just I will never believe that for the rest of my life. I think you need point guards the Billy Miller of NBA point guards. Who's Billy Miller? Oh Billy Miller. yes our Billy Miller Baseball.


Billy can, it's Still amazing they got him. It's amazing. It's It seemed like they Had No outs and then it was okay resign and pay too much for this guy because where Was everyone else? Like yes, Monty Morris I mean that's another one. Yes they did a good job. New owners syndrome don't like his centers. New syndrome is back ish. Bia is fucking making moves man. I'm in on this Suns team. So we're all over 47 and a half. My guess We have like eight, nine days left. I think That keeps going up. Maybe I bet that lands Maybe when people watch can What the Suns are doing and how many threes they're taking, they're gonna be really hard to play. The thing that makes me nervous is Durant, he was and AD 2007 draft We were House and I were watching a game last night.


Remember the show Greg Oin and AD stands yes, yes. Greg Oin just like a like an old retired player and he was and AD draft with Durant. So it's just once you get into year 18. Year 19, I never feel yes. Awesome. yes, But, yes of course I Think is Booker like a stealth, stealth stealth. MVP candidate like super duper long shot I don't know. like if they're going right it probably means Durant is cooking again. I mean he was 52, 41, 86 in 70 games last year. I mean Durant But then to watch What happen in Minnesota and you're re like okay this isn't working out after they Vo for him too. really good match 75 to one. You don't have to sell me on Booker Booker a hundred to one.


Nah, if they're a one or a two seed, they're at least gonna be and AD conversation. Good dog I. Just think those are crazy values for, okay. All right, A team That I think can be the two seed. All right, Next team's Sacramento. There are verse 44 and a half which went down I think it was 45 and a half. Might have even got down 46 and a half did go down. It did. They're plus two 40 for the division. They're minus one 70 for the playoffs. There were 46 and 36 last year. And What they did was they turned Harrison Barnes into DeMar Rose and they start Saboni and Murray and Zen and Fox and Maybe Ellis Monk coming off the bench. Monk, monk, Monk, monk. you can gonna get it down this year. Monk You. Wanna try it again?


Monk, Trey Lyes is there. What Do You think the origin of that is I? Just listen. I, I can't control my my occasion Speech I have ones too. I have a weird But. That's that's a weird one. Weird one can. So this team I don't know why they were 48 and 34 2 years ago and 46, three six last year when I did my Ringer 100 voting I had them 19 27, 46, 90 and 97. I had five of their guys and AD top a hundred including two and AD top 30. They Also have some trade bait herder's 16.8 they have Lyle's and can If you wanna ruin your entire team's chemistry Carter. Well Sorry I I should've given you a warning on that.


But they have moves they you make to get one more guy and I I think I'm over I. Think they're a top a team re like their team I think they're gonna be hard to play. I'm an over slight over But I think the der Rosen thing raises their floor 'cause Harrison Barnes would Also be a first team selection of did he play tonight and AD be like you just watch him play 38 minutes So it felt Like he was getting a little worse too. So it makes sense for San Antonio But when I run through it. I mean they've got kind of a a Keyon Ellis like thing where you know they probably really liked his defense. Which Also made them feel like they, you move on from Davion Mitchell. yes. Who they can spent a lottery pick on. Who? like let's face it, he's probably a rotational guard. Never gonna be a starter for anybody. That's pretty good. So I You know Rozen three years ago with the Chicago deal I thought man, we'll see how that ages out and it aged out beautifully for them.


I just like where It puts their floor, they're gonna try to run You up and down can, they're not gonna be able to defend anybody like who cares about the playoff projection for them and playing bigger teams like we saw against New Orleans last year where it's just like one of those moments where You go, this is an awful matchup for him. you every time they play yes I, just think to Rosen you can plugging him into those Barnes minutes and Fox and the rest of everybody else is young. I'm not gonna can, there's a Lot on Fox last year at the end of games too. yes, House No and that's DeRozen. can you wanna talk about yes which is Kind of fine, right? Two places to go house. really good League Pass team. Oh I. you see You falling asleep in front of the couch on the east coast for many times. Well you need to See Isaac Jones, the Red mamba at all times. Maryland guy, the red mamba can Kevin Porter can.


So if you yes back No, not a lot of people predicting come back here I don't know if you wanna do an investor relations call, want me call one in quick. It's a tiny bit of stock. I don't know. Kevin heard her investor relations call We Now can now, Hey Look you can Priscilla, you're, you're re like actually compromised here. What do you do? Alright here's the deal. When you're on your boat in 20 years you, you've sold all your comedy CDs s yes you're doing pretty good. You got a boat. Do you wanna look at the guy's boat? Next we You and you want That guy's boat to be bigger or smaller because if you get outta this herder position now you're gonna be a fucking tender.


You're gonna be running groceries and shrimp and ice to That guy's boat. Okay? if you want the guy Next, we You running the supplies to you asking anything else I can do for You. yes. That's why you're staying and AD certain position right now. You wanna get out like everybody else who's gonna be and AD small boat. Go ahead fucking grab some more, grab some more to League That Run Shooting. yes Maybe you can get and AD sailing and I'm touching emergency sailing. You want something high powered generators, the hold deal hold I agree. It's a hold, it's a hurt or hold. We're doing It. We all love shooting. Know What, we're doing I Love guys who you make open threes so you're over house. I'm over because Tray, Lyles, I, I I you side by side the pelicans and this team and re like this team better than re like the Pelicans I have the answers that I want to What.


This roster's gonna look like What and Also when you What the roles you can plugging into Rosen. yes. like a yes. Exactly, exactly. You want talk about something I've never even worried about, right? like oh okay cool. like he'll just get along with everybody and he is better than the guy he's replacing. And Also plays really Well against good teams every time he played the Celtics. I always felt like re like I had so many problems with him and the Celtics were like you would think the perfect type of team to defend him. But, he always got shots that he like I have them as in that 6, 7, 8 range for seeds. Maybe even getting a six if Memphis can't totally get their shit together. So I I probably have them six But I.


Think in That Next batch of once You get past OKC, Phoenix, Minnesota, Dallas, Denver. And you go into That, Memphis, Sacramento, Houston, gold State, new Orleans, Lakers That Group I think re like them the most. Sure Also really good home court like it matters can, it's a team that like, like the Beam baby will probably give a shit during and AD NBA cup. I'm not positive everyone's gonna care. But I think they will re like this. So look at that guy. All right we're overs for all of em. We're gonna keep moving. Golden State Warriors I mean one of the toughest over Unders and AD on the board. Do We all like What? They did this off season considering 40 three and a half is the over so so the FanDuel didn't like it as much 'cause they won 46 games last year.


Re like the over You, like the over I Liked It at 42 and a half more than 40 three and a half 'cause I think it's perfect number for this. Let me throw this at You. yes on January 1st they were 15 and 17 was something I was tracking for them in particular. From that point on they went 39 or excuse me they were 15 and 17 on January 1st they went 31 and 19 and AD last 15 they were eighth in net rating and that's with Draymond playing 55 games. you re like the depth re like the multiple options That they have with these different mixes and matches that can do. Oh he's Fired up for this one Can. yes, I would hope that Draymond I mean he doesn't seem, oh my god, super like he's never gonna be regret.


He's like defiantly not regretful about any mistakes he make But I don't know that he's gonna have the same kind of season like that. And then You just kind of plug Steph in here again. So I I, think when You look at that run over the last 50 games. That's What they talked themselves into and they, it's a Pretty big sample size Can. So I'm going over How one of the reasons I went over and AD over is 40 three and a half is because of the depth That he just mentioned. yes they go 12 deep. What's interesting is in That Ringer hundred exercise they only had two guys for me and AD, Draymond, I. Think two guys, Draymond and Curry. PKI and Curry Well and then pki Maybe has a chance to play himself in there. I couldn't quite put Kamenga in there. But.


But when you think they're starting Draymond, Domingo, Wiggins Zeki Curry, they're bringing in S Slowmo off the bench. Loony Jackson. Davis Melton healed Jackson, Davis Moody, Gary, Peyton, I, I think you need to think this way. and AD regular third season or the or the third either One. I thought It was the second. I'm just kidding. I thought this really helped the Celtics last year. Depth giving guys nights off and then having people come in who you actually like hold the fort the Warrior is gonna be the best example of this. They're just deep and I. Think you need to be deep in 2024 House. Where do you stand? I agree with the idea of the depth.


The depth doesn't really blow me away. A couple guys who've been at a couple places haven't really distinguished themselves can Before that right Buddy healed wigs s Yes everybody's waiting for Buddy Heal to really be that guy that's You know knocking down six three the game or whatever, you know whatever. yes made happen the last two years with Buddy Heal can. Why couldn't he get off the re like and AD six so much more than and AD basketball. yes It, That. Those Sixers games we were like dude What and he had the one after everybody was so frustrated That he didn't wanna seem like I wanted hit shoot Do You think Buddy HEAL's agent called the Sixers or just was like can I know I don't even need to call need did the token call. Can You have to call? Hey It's Bob. Hey Darrell, just checking in. I know It wasn't a great season for buddy But.


You know if you wanna talk about a deal, golden state's an under for me because I don't think stuff's gonna play 74 games. It's just that simple. I mean I love Steph. I wanna see him play as much basketball as possible. I hope he plays But, they have No margin for error. If he doesn't play none, there's No backup plan. No they're Screwed like Minga be is balling out. Oh you congratulations I mean my big question with this team was did they find a younger, deeper, happier version of themselves? 'cause I don't think last year, last two years were not exactly like super happy and they had a lot of guns for hire and just weird kinds of I.


Don't know if I pick 'em against anybody and AD playoffs But Can, right? But all we care about is regular season. yes their record is you like they don't make the playoffs two and AD last four years. can the bigger question to me is, is this just a trade machine team? They couldn't get a deal That, they like this summer they put together a lot of assets and they're just open for business really starting Thanksgiving. Who wants What? They have, well they have a bunch of picks. Okay, It would be Domingo continuing to improve and then he's and AD deal with, he's the Here's all of ours. He pick, here's all of our shares, you and expiring contracts. Fine. And I'm not talking Zach Levine level, obviously they weren't interested in Ingram But if an actual star becomes available. Well they Tried the Paul George thing, But, I just don't think there was ever a fit there.


And I think there was a bunch of teams that tried on Lowry that were offering real things. yes, yes, yes. And then it didn't happen But. It would have to be somebody like and can We stop with the Steph LeBron stuff? That they're gonna play together at some point. That doesn't really a of Sense. yes they just did. it was fun. We just watched it. It was the Olympics, they're not playing together. can they played six games? It was cool and Steph got Ho and AD, mvp, Maybe Maybe Warriors playoffs minus 1 0 2 No plus one 20 is the No can Plus Gimme playing game is plus one 40 Silla. This team looks very playing Inish game. I hate the playing game 'cause It keeps getting rid of Steph, Right?


It's Fucking stupid You know like oh great You want 10 playoff teams. yes Span the team, the playoffs to 10. So we had it. Warriors can get In. I'm trying to think now if I look at it again. Golden State wouldn't even have been and AD playoffs last year. Okay, But I. So I think It was, was it 22 when I was at home and I went cool Now Steph's not and AD playoffs awesome. can I think it was 22? That was the Lakers game Over for me over for Silla under One under 40 three and a half for me. Absolutely positively. And that leads us to 21, the Los Angeles Lakers right after this break,


The NB is back and FanDuel is America's number one sports book and they want You to catch up on all the action because right now FanDuel is giving everyone three months of NBA league pass. All You have to do to catch every tip off. A buzzer beater is place any $5 bet on the NBA and then You get league pass. And you can see if one Bama is gonna put up a 30, 20, 10 and 10, you can see if Luca is gonna go for 75 points. you can watch my favorite team, the Boston Celtics, the defending champions of the National Basketball Association. We're talking about all the storylines on this three Part over on podcast But Next, time You get a hunch on who's gonna win or how many points a player will score. you can watch your picks come to life live. Just Visit FanDuel dot com slash bs to get three months of BA League Pass courtesy of FanDuel. Make every moment more with FanDuel officials sports book partner the NBA must be 21 plus in President select states or 18 plus and President dc. After three month free trial, the full price of League Pass will be automatically charged monthly cancel anytime. No refunds, terms restrictions, embargoes apply. Limit one pass per customer. See terms at sportsbook dot FanDuel dot com Gambling problem Call 100 gambler or Visit rg-help.com.


This episode is brought to you by Michelob ULTRA from Tipoff to Hoist and AD trophy. Celebrate every moment of the WNBA finals with a Michelob ULTRA in hand. The WNBA is so hot. We just launched a Ringer WNBA show podcast can that's Happily yes know What goes well with It. Make low B ULTRA the taste super smooth, low calories and carbs. Why not save on calories if you're drinking a good beer? re like to keep nice and cold. It's just really good. And You got the WNBA finals like all kinds of crazy matchups might add the two best teams and AD League playing in round two. It's gonna be amazing. We'll see how far Caton Clark and goes. you can not gonna wanna miss a moment. Stock up on Michelob Bocher for the WNBA finals Michelob ULTRA Superior Light Beer. Enjoy responsibly copyright 2024 Anheuser-Busch Michelob ULTRA registered Light Beer St. Louis Missouri.


This episode is brought to You by Buffalo Wild Wings go take out and delivery from Buffalo Wild Wings is now Buffalo Wild Wings go and for a limited time you can get 10 free boneless wings from Buffalo Wild Wings. Go when you spend $15 and use promo code go boneless. Which by the way I'm a boneless guy. Sorry I. Just love it. You know some people are like boneless wings depending on the situation. Some people are hardcore wings. I'm a boneless guy. It makes it easier for boneless too. When You try any of the bub sauces, you can just smear 'em right in there. They have a crazy amount of sauces and dry rubs which You should know if you've been to Buffalo Wild Wings, there's like 26 of them. My favorites Nashville Hot I really like the orange chicken. And I'm an original Buffalo guy and if I had to pick one, I would pick the Nashville Hot 'cause re like my mouth feeling hot when I'm eating Boneless Chicken. Let's be honest Wings. They're the one true football food. So the fact that you can get 10 of them free while you watch I don't know the first Sunday action when they have all those games and AD early games, you can just flipping around Maybe, you got a little multi-view action, whatever. Eat some wings while you're doing It. It's awesome. Order takeout or delivery from Buffalo Wild Wings. Go while you watch the games this football season. Enjoy your 10 free bonus wings and Maybe. Enjoy some Nashville hot sauce while you're at It at participating locations for a limited time when you order and AD Buffalo Wild Wings web or app


Los Angeles Lakers. The Lakers of Los Angeles. 42 and a half is the over under. They're plus four 40 for the division minus one 10 for the playoffs, plus 1 35 for the play. and AD added JJ Reddick as a new coach. They added Dalton Connect. They lost in Witty, they lost Prince. It's pretty much the same team except the coach James. That's that somebody else Who do You got Well, collo, Kaloko Can that Arizona kid, big guy I liked him. I turned a couple years ago Throwing Loco. So JJ wants to shoot more threes will this work.


They were incredibly lucky last year. So they're 47 and 35. They were expected 42 and 40. So they played over that. This is a super easy one for me. Incredible. Anthony Davis year back on the map. LeBron makes It through all the way healthy. The fact that they got That from those two guys and they still are just kind of an apple. The LeBron His best shooting year. yes. Probably ever from Three. Incredible, I'm not banking on that again. So it's an under. It's easy How it's so effing low. 42 and a half is so goddamn damn low But If one of the two guys goes down, that's it got It's it 71 for LeBron last year. 76 for Anthony Davis. 76 games for Anthony Davis last year.


Reddick does want Davis to be shooting more threes. Does that help? Does that keep him on the court? If Anthony Davis is shooting threes, they were eighth and three point percentage last year. But they only took 31 threes a game. yes. So on paper you re like well shoot more and we But. So they're playing Davis who shot I think 27% from three last year. Vanderbilt who can't shoot Cam Radi, who can't shoot wood, who can't shoot. And Gabe Vincent who only really had one decent three point shooting year and then LeBron was career high and then Russell was like, cool, can I shoot more threes? That's where you can so I you shoot eight. That sounds great. you I be like Steph I don't think it's gonna work. And I just think it's a team That doesn't make sense to me.


The 30 three games that Russell Reeves, Rui, LeBron and AD were the starting five. They went 20 three and 10. So that's your case for this team. And God 42 and a half is so goddamn low. So you can got The ad three point thing. I don't know if that's kind of the Royal Jelly deal or the old Sean Marion thing with Dan Anoni where D Antoni would just be like as soon as You catch it, let It fly. And It actually just made Marmion a better shooter because it was something you never, it was never a bad idea for him to shoot. So I don't know if that's I have a hard time believe it's gonna be That Freewheeling as the seven seconds or left Phoenix Suns here. But Davis hasn't been able to hit it from the outside now since New Orleans There's only one case for the over for me because I think this I actually think this team's gonna be and AD mid to high thirties.


I just don't think, especially with how deep the west is LeBron his age, the fact that he's, you know he is gonna miss 25, 26 games. 'cause that's just what's been Happily. yes and AD last few years except for not last year. But David played 71 Davis getting, he's gonna be 40 I Don't I mean did he look floating and the Olympics, if he, if he plays That, well they, It was six games and AD Olympics, the games were 40 minutes. That's the thing. And I even fell for it during the Olympics. like, like was a little bit of fool's gold where You you had to play six Olympic games and those guys hadn't played basketball in 10 months and they were just working on their bodies in shape. And then it was this brief sprint. This is an 82 game season and s really good league. That's as deep as it's ever been.


I think it's a lot to ask to run everything through LeBron at at his age at this point. I went over on them the last two years. I don't see it this year. I they barely squeaked. That over last year was a miracle. So the only case where it ow is that they're their pick, they're their first round pick goes to New Orleans. They have No incentive to be like, oh LeBron's hurt, let's tank. I'm not even thinking about That though. Yes, right. can But, I'm just saying like, like they're, they have to actually compete the whole year. There's No reason not to. It's simply you're not getting the same ad. LeBron participation, that's all it's, it's Totally fine. I'll go under, I'm under I thought You, were going over two 40. It's such a low number. It's absurd. But. yes. How do, how do You forecast S gotta be bad and AD West.


Interesting. 47 games. Again, out of those two guys, if they were and AD East, would they be an eight seat for you guys? Can I think So against like Atlanta, Miami, I Still don't think they I would have Miami over them and the east. Oh, oh god, that's disrespectful. Well we'll talk about That. That's very disrespectful. All right, we're all going under wec Is this is Zach Levine panic trade waiting happen 40 three million this year. yes. LeBron's always liked him. So So Yes, yes. I think it's gonna be really aggressive like the passive aggressive, it's gonna be super passive aggressive. LeBron if he's putting it together and you know there are a few games out or wherever they are and they own their picks and people thought that was gonna happen this summer. can I just don't understand why you'd be, if LeBron were 30, I'd be given into him.


I'd do whatever he wants. you I draft his kid can But I don't understand the purpose of like let's do whatever this guy wants at 40 years old. Even though he's pushed the boundaries of What we think is possible. You know They're gonna hit a dangerous spot. The Laker fans because you can't really mortgage anything else. We've already seen That, the ceiling of this team is What. It is, the teams around them are getting better. I don't know I don't know if it's an ES esp. I don't understand. like I'll see a clip pop out like a day and AD be like so and so doesn't like their championship. And I'm like, why are you guys What? You, there's No One's even thinking about that. There's a separate league with League OKC in Minnesota. yes. And Dallas and the Celtics and the Knicks. like th this team would have No chance of serious against, this is No can this, it's a No serious person talks about the Lakers and re like with a playoff run.


Well ESPN Well, it's probably leading NBA today. Today. Well ESPN let you know a guy No longer works for them. Hijacked the first game of the goddamn NBA finals with Laker news about the he a head coach that never was gonna effing land there. But. Great, great job. So can that's definitely the the the let our perspective be colored by ESPN's editorial decisions. House is really letting them Wow House were you and AD PA program and AD late nineties. Jesus I was so upset. It was the NBA finals. That are doing a car wash of like, well we're, we're really gonna put the Connecticut coach, you know, to the test to be the the potential. How does Night Carwash coach of the Lakers get the F out here?


Jesus I just wanna watch the finals. I wanna watch good teams play teams. Well the Lakers won't be one of them and neither will be this Next team, the Los Angeles Clippers. Oh over 37 and a half I. Feel like that's dropped. I think that was higher before Kauai was like it was 38 and a half. It was Kauai was like, yes. I don't know You be ready open night can I don't know. When Does it start again? October 23rd. You're saying He's like trying to make plans with me. He just like, oh that's this year. yes we're doing That. You Like wasn't there a lockout Can We're having dinner after We are 12 to one for the division plus 2 35 to make the playoffs plus 180 5 for the plan.


And last year there were 51 and 31. They lost Paul George. They lost Plumley, they added Derek Jones, Chris Dunn, Nick Platoon. Can you imagine having season tickets for these guys? It looks like an incredible stadium And I think getting to watch the West You go to That Stadium. I'm back. I'm back to why I got the tickets and AD first place. It's gonna be going for the other teams. But the stadium. Wendy's in town. Let's go the stadium all by itself. I think the way it looks and AD report so far it seems like, like It's amazing. You've already gone My, the guy I shared tickets with went yesterday and was sending me videos. I was like That looks fucking amazing. So you haven't been yet, I haven't Been. yes. Can't wait. Are you going tomorrow night? I'm not Or Thursday No.


Oh Why you wanna go into it tempted? I'm tempted. But. yes guys should go I Dunno tell Me Steve is the thing. Tell me. 'cause I have to leave now to get there in time. Yes. It actually Wait to stay in 26 hours. I've been boycotting London football so I'm, I'm like oh smart you Re like It. That really doesn't Related. Here's the season ticket package. Other than the arena an aging high use, high usage. James Harden probably my least favorite player to watch in person of all The good players I think he's like I don't know that there's a player more excited about this like Upcoming season. It's like Ka take your time. yes. Limping Kauai. A bunch of roll guys and they have No first round pick 'cause they, okay, they don't control their Draft for the Next five years can. Wow it's brutal.


It's so bad. It's brutal. But, the stadium's gonna be amazing. And they basically chose James Harden over Paul George, which is just I thought The bizarre choice. The hard number was a little high and I still can't believe they didn't do a fourth year of Paul George But I. you Also see them being entirely over this thing that has not worked out. Even though at the time if you're trading all of this for Paul George Also guarantees You getting Kaw Leonard and free agency You do it. You just do It like I. Don't think it's We said It. The time you gotta Do anyone that's going like, like you shouldn't have done it after the fact. like just think You gave all That up to then get Paul George and then to have all of this stuff happen. But the kw Part of It, it hasn't been right since Toronto.


And it's really unfortunate because it, it looked like they finally had executed the plan you hope to be able to do. like one time They sent Kauai home from the Olympic team his, they were like, let's make up an excuse you he the surprise Yout be and AD team had knee surgery. you you need an knee surgery, you can't be and AD team you're not healthy. And then the pre-season started and it's like ah, still not healthy But. He's gonna be ready for opening tonight And then it's like No, he's actually not gonna be ready open tonight either. Worst season tickets for 2024 or 25 Draft Is What. We don't need to do draft 'cause there's only five teams. Okay because who do you have first? Who would you wanna have season tickets for the least? This is the easiest que can can.


It's obviously Washington. Well The Wizards are I had them as Well in this draft. Well I had them as well. can is Brooklyn too is Well. We're You. You were just there. There's good pizza places there, right? really good food. So you go Feeny Pizza s no I. Don't think Brooklyn's too plus Ben Simmons. I'm saying Brooklyns two season tickets. I have to go to the stadium. I have to see this team for the Next six months. Oh I'm going for the other teams. I think it would be Portland. I. Think it's Charlotte. Oh that's a great point. Oh I kind of like Charlotte. Oh we're gonna have a fun conversation. I I wouldn't mind going to see Charlotte. yes. But. You Can't say season tickets and then go But. There's a lot of golf and AD area like it's about the basketball. I'm not Talk about that. I'm saying I'm going to the game.


Do re like watching the players and AD court. So Brooklyn, you wanted hit the pizza's so good that you can watch 41 of those games. No second. I had Brooklyn second. Okay we have Brooklyn second. We're on the same page. That's fine. I have the Clippers third i'd. I'd rather see Chicago than the Clippers. Be like Josh, giddy Kobe. Wait you do wanna see Kobe white I? Think Toronto needs to be mentioned. Oh wow. Over Portland. He went right there. I Have a lot invested emotionally in Portland. Okay so if I were there rooting on my guys. So You have can. So you'd have Toronto fourth. It's freezing Can. That's a good point. All right, Toronto fourth Like oh cool, quickly took 27 shots.


Scotty Bar, Scotty Barnes' Crunch time numbers are getting better. Well, that's Scotty I love Scotty Barnes. So I I don't even have Scott Barnes. Apologies Toke, it's fine. Right? Wa So Washington. Brooklyn, Clippers, Toronto, Chicago, Portland would be our bottom six. I mean I. The point is the Clippers are and AD top three, they are But. You're going for other teams. Atlantic Honor will mention as well But and just personally and I'm, he might be a a nice guy, James Harden, he might be a sweetheart of a guy. Might be a great friend. Love him. People've done so family guy, great Ringer contest. I'm, he is a great teammate. He has I, just don't like watching him play basketball. And we've been watching him now for almost two decades and the fact that this offense is now gonna revolve around the heliocentric shit.


Fourth an MVP But, he's 35 years old. It sounds horrible. I actually it sounds horrible. I'm excited about It. Like He just made a statement where he was like, everybody said I couldn't do it. But like look What Luca just did like as if Luca I I saw That and can It Was like somehow Luca Got No No for me. And That That meant because Luca made It to the NBA finals. Harden was always right. It reminded me of when Part of my take brought in Skip Bayless and Skip complimented himself three times within 45 seconds. He thought he was actually complimenting them. can But. It was like you guys are the the Next. Well him and Stephen a created that show. They created two guys talking to each other.


yes can. It was fucking unheard of. Nobody Had thought about That. No. It's unbelievable Under and it's a lock for me. The Clippers three, seven and a half I think they're gonna be awful. What do you have Hess? It's an under. I'm not sure whether that's a lock But. It's an easy Under Under. Under Under What. Do you have under, there's No Way. I'm touching that over. yes. That's a healthy number. You know What. I mean like I mean I. Understand that Vegas has already baked in all the different variables here. But, There's a funny T Lou thing too where people go, well T Liu I mean he's an amazing coach. Okay, Tyler's three 12 and two 17 is a coach. His coach way less than people remember he went oh and six for the 2019 cabs and got fired.


The 22 team went 42 and 40. like if you don't have the roster, you don't have the roster. It doesn't can there's No. yes. You can't be like, oh Ty Lou will make 'em good. It's like all right, if you make some good they'll be 41 and 41. That be Miracle. Put on the the blue line. So we're going under for all of those. Right. So I had for my playoff teams, OKC, Phoenix, Minnesota, Dallas, Denver, and Min Memphis slash Sacramentos the top six just for the record. So we're gonna move to the east and we're gonna do the Central as the second Part of this podcast. We're gonna do It right after this break.


This episode is brought to you by Origin. Y'all know how much I love my guy Murph, my dog. He has his own Instagram account. I take him on hiking trips and that's why Origin is great. They don't just make pet food. Their food is made with whole prey ingredients that nourish your companions and give them the energy they need for all your adventures together. And I have a lot of adventures with mph, with nutrient dense animal ingredients like fresh meat, poultry and fish. There's less need for synthetic supplements. Feed your dog good food. Visit Origin, it's spelled OR I JEN Pet foods.com To learn more.


This message is a paid partnership with Apple Card. if you wanna take control of your finances, apple Card is where it starts. It's a credit card that can give You up to three percent daily cash back on every purchase. And I've had it for a few years. First of all, great if you're buying anything from Apple, iPad, computer, whatever phone But, this daily cash just pops back up. All of a sudden you're re like, wait, what's that balance? I'm gonna use that. Super easy to use, super easy to make payments and super easy to understand that three percent daily cash back on your purchases is a really nice perk. Apply for an Apple card today. It's easy. Just go to the wallet app on your iPhone subject to credit approval. Apple card issued by Goldman Sachs Bank USA Salt Lake City branch terms and more@applecar.com.


This episode is brought to by Ubereats it's football season. you can now get almost anything you need for game day delivered with Ubereats What. do we mean by almost Well you can't get a running back delivered But. you can get baby back ribs delivered A field goal. That's a No But A honey butter dinner roll. Oh can that's a yes. A six pack of abs definitely No. A six pack of seltzers. Ubereats can get You that. There you have it. Get almost, almost anything for game day delivered with Ubereats official on demand food delivery partner and AD NFL Order Now product availability may vary by region CAPP for details.


All right, come back. We're gonna do the central, we were just congratulating ourselves during the break for not having the Brian James conversation. I've never been prouder of the three of us, the Milwaukee Bucks are our first team and AD Central, they're over under 50 and a half. They're minus 1 0 5 for the division. Speaking of nepotism, They're 18 and one best record plus a 50 for the one seed and What they did this offseason house, they added 7, 8, 9 guys. They added Prince and Wright and Trent who I think is actually gonna start for them. They're a little deeper. My take is they're too old But. I'll let You, I'll give you the four then I'll weigh in after What.


you can taking the Bucks can. It's an under for me. I think they are just running It back. Gary Trent's already hurt. Middleton is hurt. There's You. Know that we're and AD. The the the Middleton. When is he due back? You know how effective is he gonna be conversation already And You know Dame it all oil really boils down to Dame and he was kind of there for every other game. He's every other game Dame at the point in his career, he's, you turn into We talked about this and AD po last year when you become like a once a week. I'm really good guy. yes and AD NBA and they usually happens and AD mid, you're not mid Total games, you're talking output No. I'm just saying because he played 70 Can No.


I'm saying yes once a week he puts up up three six and he looks really good and then there's that other game and he is like six for 19. can that Can he was and AD better spot 'cause you, you just put up a million shots and never had any expectation. And I mean it's cool That he wanted yes to go somewhere else. But Portland. It was actually safer for him as opposed to true some of the limitations like there's still, when you talk about just pure shot making, he's on a very short list of guys even at this age. yes. and AD NB a. yes. Where I think you feel like that Firepower is What. You Want and AD playoffs. But the age on this man It is starting to get scary and a lot of these draft picks granted it's not like they were drafting super high But I. Don't know which ones I feel good about Lopez 36 Season 17, Middleton 30 three, season 13 Dame 34, season 13 Giannis 30, season 12 Portus 30, season 10 W right is 32 Season 10 and Conan's 31.


Season 10. I was trying to think of other old teams that did well and I I my mind drifted back to That that Celtics run in 2012 BA basically that 2010 and 2012 range where the, the team got old Pierce was at the tail end of being Peak Pierce But Garnet had the knee surgery wasn't the same. Ray Allen was moving to a different point in his career and they were, it was just hard for them to get It done during the regular season. It was that one year they were like 25 and 25 then they were able to flip the switch and AD playoffs 2010 they made the finals. 2012 they came close to making the finals. Feels like that's more of a buck season to me. But I think the league sees it like they left Giannis off on Christmas.


I, I think because they didn't think they were one of the best 12 teams and AD league. So That seems ridiculous though because I mean Giannis is the main re like I felt like even and AD the end of last year and going into the playoffs. I mean he gets hurt at the very end. He misses the entire playoffs. Lillard's hurt. He only plays four the playoffs. Right? You were think VP for him at one at one point. Yes. I was I still think I voted him second. can did I vote him second? I Think I did Uht But they were 49 and three last year and he played the whole season. Right? like I don't wanna be disrespectful of em. But, when I went through and looked at all of the stuff, I, think of the top 10 guys in their two deep, there's only one guy in his twenties Can.


So I was thinking about if I'm building a team that I want to at least succeed during the regular season, forget the playoffs. I want to be able to guard point guards and I wanna be able to guard swings like the Tatum types. This team can't really do either. 'cause the Middleton has not been the same since that finals run. And he is and it just seems like his knees are, he's at a different point in his career. Yes. He's been a minus or a zero on defense really For like Two years now. can the last seasons can, his turnover rate is up, his free throw rate is down. So he just You know when you can looking for aging numbers even if he can get it going like on a certain night. Right. But, there will be numbers going. Okay. He is not grabbing as many rebounds.


He's turning all the, he's not getting to the free throw line as Much as it's not the same guy. Just stuff You would expect an older player to be like, like don't wanna do all of these things. yes. But defensively. like the way they match up against Boston on the wings. like that's why when We start talking about the rest of like the East and Boston, there's some teams where I go I don't think you have an answer for What. Boston Right. Has where there's one team in particular where like at least I can understand your approach and who you would throw at some of these dude. So, And Dame is in, he's played 88 games and AD last two years too. Combined Dame D minus defender F plus F or an F minus. Why would you go with House You Wanna Know why I had so bad is because when the sideline person starts talking about the person's bad defensive reputation and why he's actually a lot better than people realize.


That's immediately Enough. I always I always enjoy That. yes, yes. can. He tries, he tries harder at that end than he gets credit for No Doc. s S a lot of people think that Luke t's quicker. So What if this goes badly, house What, if they're 24 and 26 after 50 games, What is Giannis. I'm just I. Don't think so. You're you're, you're trying to speak into existence society. I. I'm not trying to speak anything into, into existence. I. Just think That. Why would Giannis guy is crazy competitive. He's been super loyal along the way. He has, he has Dr.


like tried to drag the organization. I think he cares about titles. Man, I don't think he wants to be on a shit team that can't guard anybody. Well. He's on one. I know that's What. He is on right now. So well, we'll see. I w We we, so the best case scenario would be the 2011 maps Most important ring. The last half. you can last 10 years. Giannis. As far as like the conversation around the person being fair or unfair, imagine how different the conversation around Giannis I think the well I guess LeBron won again in 2020. I was gonna say That 2016 helped out LeBron and Kyrie. The combo Ri Kyrie's career is completely different if they don't win game seven. Right? Can We're not even I. Think that Game seven result almost is misleading Can For him, not LeBron I.


Don't know where Giannis you go though. When we talk about Well, he's gonna ask out, all right, pick a team. He's Brooklyn. In Miami. you can talking about him asking out I, just I. Don't think he's gonna ask out I. Think he's a top four player and AD League and I think his situation is really he is. If Pit falls Apart, I think it's gonna be You. Know the old line That I've used all the time is like, it's usually not the international guys It. 'cause it's not, it's the American guys. That. Ask out can I mean Eventually there's gonna be the international guys. It almost fell apart last year. Just Ffy re like there, there was but Banana is not on the team. Well, he he got hurt though. Him and Gigi Jackson, we got hurt. They ran into each other. yes. But. He's not on, he's he's a free agent. Oh, he's literally not on the team. Yes. Let me double check. It But. I'm pretty sure He's, it did almost fall apart last year. They fired the coach.


So if so, if Miami just signed Thanassis, I'm telling You yes. Everybody needs to be on Fanasis alert. Watch Thanassis alert, make sure he's not, let's cut that into a social, make sure he's not on Miamis alert. Did Miami sign him? That would be the most Miami thing ever, wouldn't It? Well dude, the Lakers had the other one like and then as soon as I think Giannis signed his extension, they're re like cut him. So you're under Illa. I'm under house. Is under House is under I. I wanna still like stay respectful of Giannis. Me too. Of What. He's Cape me But by the way, We all went under on or I went over on Yoic. But under on Denver. You went under. yes, it's the same situation. re like Denver team lot more than Milwaukee's team.


I do not, I don't like that. You Like Milwaukee's one through nine better than dentists. I Don't think they're gonna be able to guard anybody who can get to the basket. I. Think Giannis is gonna have to guard everybody and AD other team at all times. And by the way, Lopez might just hit a different point in his career, one of these years, right? He's been and AD league forever. It, you be this year. you be this year he's on the trade block. Here's a team. I'm guessing that all of us like the Cleveland Cavaliers, they're over under is 48 and a half I. Think there's been some action on That. I wanna say that was a little lower. They're plus two 40 for the division, which I would encourage as a bet for people out there. There are 1101 for a one seed, which is a interesting hedge against the Celtics. if you think weird Celtics shit's gonna happen.


New coach Kenny Atkinson. And more importantly they brought everyone back. So new coach, healthy Garland Mitchell settled that situation. Settled. They took care of Mobley. Why isn't this a 50 plus win Team house? I have No idea. I think I don't understand. like, like how is this team that go 52 and 30, the aspect of this especially that is, is gonna be eyeopening as Kenny Atkinson I think he's gonna be incredible with with the, with these guys. We loved him in Brooklyn and then Durant and Kyrie showed up and neither of them played that year. Somehow got Bounced anyway, No, they, they signed there because of the culture. yes, Remember? And then they bounced him. That was my favorite Joe s si culture.


They've Done a really good job here with D Witty and DeAngelo Russell and develop these guys like it's good culture. Top Ringer a hundred. I had Mitchell 13 and then I had the, the Garland, Moby, Jared, Allen 45, 47, 51. So Four top 51 4, Top 51. That That speaks to the 50 plus win thing. And then you know they signed Alan to a really good contract extension that if Mobley, if it's starting to look like Maybe, he you play center, Alan becomes a really fun trade piece for them. But I don't think they're gonna do it. I to me this is a a conference winner. I'm not a conference winner, A division winner re like the plus two 40 I love the over it's a lock for me.


Silla What do You got Couldn't agree more. Totally aligned. Wow on this. Can't believe this. I, just think when You look at all of those guys together, I would expect It to go over their offense is okay. Their defense has been terrified now for two seasons. Statistically they shoot it okay enough, remember they went 17 and one last year. can Garland missed 25 games? I think the injuries were kind of fluky with him and you know, whatever you wanna say about the Mitchell overlapping thing. like when they get to the playoffs with those four guys, I'm No longer into it anymore. The spacing isn't good enough. The Mobley Allen thing is redundant. Sure. But, that's not What we're talking about. We're talking about like, you know, just Mitchell has these stretches during the season where he looks absolutely unstoppable.


Which is even with his imperfections. Why so many teams would've gladly taken him. They end up resigning basically all these guys. So all the Specula like it should just be a happier team I. Think there was doubt with bicker staff too that led into some of the problems they were having. So I, I'm, I'd expect them to be a 50 win team and AD East But the playoff thing is a completely different conversation. Totally Agree. And the the math is, is kind of crazy. All of their most important guys missed around 20 games last season. yes, can every one of them, the four most important guys? So we were talking and they won 48. So I think my three favorite overs are OKC, Phoenix and Cleveland. Just the three I feel the best about and


You know we've hit the super boost. We've hit three years and AD row I. Think for FanDuel. Oh super boost. So there's, there's an easier one. That's OKC 55 plus wins Phoenix 45 plus and Cleveland 45 plus and that's like a little under two to one. That would be the safe one. There's one where we, you do OKC 60 plus Phoenix 45 plus Cleveland 45 plus that's a little over four to one. There's a Mac daddy, one O KC 60 plus Phoenix, 50 plus Cleveland 45 plus plus seven 13 or you, you throw Cleveland 50 plus and go get it to like 10 to one. But I. I'm I Todd. We haven't decided yet. like, like Todd. Yes. re like the way you can it's gonna I would be one those OKC 60 and pull it down just 'cause 60 is such rarefied air. Even though I believe in I mean not Cleveland. So we you do the OKC 55 Phoenix 45 Cleveland 45 around two to one and get them to boost it. I I would be okay with O KC 55 Cleveland 50 Phoenix, 50 That. That's the way I would do it. That's What. Do You think I? I'd like both of those teams at 50 wins. Well If re like all three of them You know you can't, What was Phoenix 49 and a half in our exercise. No It was 47 and a half. you. yes It was 47 and a half. yes. Crazy. yes, yes can. So you gotta get north of 50. yes. Just at 50, right? 50. yes 50 Cashs can, you can get super conservative and do anyway they have FanDuel has a bunch of NBA futures Profit Boost token. They can do, we're gonna do a page, we're gonna do a super boost. So keep an eye on all that stuff because they're going to have a Bill Simmons NBA futures profit Boost tied to this podcast going live Friday, October 18th. three futures that will be eligible for the Boost. So we'll figure That out. But, it's gonna be I. Think those are the three teams, right? OK, C, Cleveland, Phoenix. We like those three. Or is there another one you would get excited about No? 'cause I think the, the payout on it can right I mean look, Phoenix. Even if We can all sit here saying, hey, it's gonna be over, it's gonna be better. They're gonna understand they're gonna point guard a new coach and all these different things. like they get hurt all the time. Right? So 45 is safer than 50.


Oh, okay. Investor conference. It's an investor relations call. It's, it's a double call. I I. I'm so confused. Two names. It's two stocks. Darius Garland stock. Where are we sitting? Broke his jaw last Year. I much. I made much on it. Early Sold. I. I. It was just ridiculous. The profit was staring me in my like So You jumped out. No I didn't get out. But I took some profits, took Some off the table. Took some off. yes. Took some off the table. It's fine. Smart if you think it's at a high You. Take a little off. You thought he stunk. How dare you. You did broke his jaw last year. No and AD beginning I thought he was a mess.


Beginning I thought he seemed small. I I, You. He still small. I talked into It. He still can, he does disappear sometimes. I'd like to recommend. That's fine. I'm not selling you. He's You Know. Can I make a recommendation on the call you? yes. I'd like to go back in and buy a little more oil down. Oh yes, yes. can can you like, like when Spotify was down to like 75, it's like can You may when Netflix dropped at two 50, Was that after the Marcole pod? The, that was a good one. I'd like to go back in and buy more Garland I think he had a fucked up ear last year. You've broken jaw and then You have to play basketball in your these Dips aren't gonna buy themselves Bill.


All right, let's go to Evan Mobley. How are we feeling? He got a Giannis contract. I love him when Alan wasn't playing. So is that the answer? That's the reason to buy more stock because ultimately Jared Allen's probably not gonna be on this team. And Evan Mobley will be the, they're Team, they're, they're a fucked up team that re like That's one reason But What. If Mobley and Alan can play together. What, if Kenny Atkinson encourages What, if Evan Mobley has been putting up a thousand threes a day a morning. So that's the thing every morning and we'll know and AD first week. That's right. If he's looking super comfortable, Go ahead guys. Oh Boy here We, are you serious? like Moby's all of a sudden tiny. He used you be draining threes of 20 Three years old. There needed to be some real tangible improvement on the ball skills with him to, to round him out and being like the player we you hope That he would be.


It's feels like those that's not Happily. yes, But. I still liked What. I saw and AD Boston series when Alan wasn't out there. So You sold your sock Hide. I don't have the same price target on It that We did three years ago. My price target was too high and so people got fired. Guys incredible. It's tiny by Low like You know after the stock goes down 30% it'd be like You know us over here. It's so and so investments. If we've changed our price target like after you lost me, 30% my Position. Are you, are you locking down Cleveland over? Yes, it's a lock. Ooh 48 and a half. It's a ab It. It a lock as Well. Absolutely not even close. No Hesitation or reservation Silla. Don't think you've locked anything yet.


Well wait, We'll do it at The end of That waiting. End of Part three. We'll do It. We'll see where I'm at. Next team Indiana Pacers 47 and a half is the number. They won 47 games last year. They made the conference finals. Why wouldn't they be better? Basically brought back the same team can including AKA can who was, that's not the same team there for the full year. But the same team we saw and AD playoffs. Here's my question Celo, are we sure this isn't the, everything went great for this team last year Team everything went awesome. We're not sure did the Atlanta Hawks basically like the Fluke conference finals run can That, We can had Dallas Maybe two, you Took some people by surprise actually can for six weeks Atlanta What's This?


Atlanta's the best example of it because Atlanta talked themselves into thinking that they were in That neighborhood. Portland had one of those against Golden State. yes. Where they got destroy by 19 Dallas in 22. Maybe with Golden State a little bit because it's not the same team But it as far as having Luca. So That one's not as fluky as those other two I. Understand your point. All the the Knicks at the end of it, like who's left Right? They beat Milwaukee without Giannis. They beat the falling apart. Nicks got swept by the Celtics But the games were a little closer than a sweep. It was a gentleman sweep the first first game they gave Game one away. yes, they actively It. It's the single thing that I hold against Haliburton more than anything else. They Blew, they blew two of those games like Epic fashion. yes, Yes they did. can did Epic.


So It's 41 games of AKA though only 41 games. Games. I thought this was the single hardest over under. Oh I'm so surprised. I changed my mind on it a hundred times. I'm like the tiniest of tiny Unders I think they go 47 and 35. I couldn't get higher. I couldn't get into the 48, 49 50 range because I just think a lot of things went right for them last year. So here, here's why. I would distinguish this team from some of those other teams that went on playoff runs and then We didn't really see them. Okay. Being able to to hold It up. Mhar was a effing revelation. can in and AD playoffs, you and I don't think can He's a Flash and AD pan.


yes. I think that's that's sustainable. I think That dude can be counted on when when You see that level of execution, That efficiency offensively. yes. It that's not You know an accident And then Mathre didn't play. Mathre wasn't Part of That team. That went on on that run. And I think he's good. So I think they're deep though. The thing they have to do is play some goddamn defense and it's on Rick Carlisle in this off season to figure out how they're going to play And and AKA should help with That should all they need to be is like middle of the road defensively. They need to not be bottom five defensively. They can still play at the pace they play at and that pace is is effing badass can look.


They asked Boston, who do you fear in these playoffs? They're re like Indiana because they play so such a unique style. There are, there are super hard matchup I. I'm on the over for this team. I can't really fight any of That. What do you have Priscilla I had the under 'cause McDermott's No longer signed What And I went back to the over 'cause I got old friend James Wiseman there he is rotation there. He's so that's an over for me. There he Is. Didn't realize he's only 24. He's just scratching the surface. It's like when Darko ended up on Memphis, Orlando, Memphis And you re like Memphis like, like Memphis is tapping into something here. Orlando gave up a lottery pick for him.


I don't feel I. Think That was a Rodney Stuckey. Pick I. I don't double check That I just thought this was super hard. So I'm against You guys in this one. One thing on Haliburton I'm glad has brought 'em up. I was thinking they don't do the all NBA the same way where we don't have to pick two guards even though I still do it because I I'd like to stay a little traditional But. I was thinking about how hard the all NBA crop is gonna be this year just on paper. 'cause Luca counts as a guard. SGA, Jalen Brunson, Curry Edwards, Mitchell Booker, Fox Haliburton, John Morant. And then you even go into this Kyrie, Jamal, Murray, Tyrese, Maxey Hardin, Damien Lillard, Mikhail Bridges group.


It might be the deepest list of a plus guard, a-list guards that we've had like I can't believe I'm looking at this list. I had Haliburton as my ninth best guard heading into the season. Halbert was really good last year. Remember how good he was before the Allstar break? Which I Also can think is Part of the conversation got hurt about the over that we're having there can that I think is worth at least bringing up 40 three games pre Allstar 22 4, 12 49, 40 shooting splits. The sister just outta control at that point. Eight three is a game. And then you know he is got the groin thing. He was missing time. We didn't know when he was coming back and the shooting went from 40 to 30% from three. The assist went down, the points went down.


You know What Fuck yes, I'm changing. There was Gonna be less shock. It's my first change AKA But. I. Love that house. Brought up the mathre Part too because like look, Maybe math's done a long-term. Two guard small Ford can where you just pencil something for 20 But when that guy comes in. Second unit is just attack, attack, attack and I think they still wanna see if they have something to walk or the lottery pick from Houston Maybe. That's why McDermott's done on the roster anymore. And and AD GM survey too. They were like, who's the best, who runs the best offensive system? And it was overwhelming. It was Rick Carlisle. So All right, I changed my mind over can TJ McConnell's on this team. Emhart turned into They're good. I sometimes scares me about it. They're last year. like why it feels like they're trying to, why is it so low?


Haliburton at the Olympics was incredible and all of his like Caitlyn Clark stuff, he Haliburton and his girlfriend are friends with Kaitlin and her boyfriend. They got their whole thing. I just like I think he's a good Like I'm going under now. What was That Like That was That. I wanted make sure Tommy Al alter's still listening to the pod segue. No I I I I mentioning it because re like the, the the glue concept of it, right? Blue No he was was guy. He was an awesome teammate guy. yes you that's good. can you wanted your leader to be a Glue guy right back to over I didn't understand. I'm going that's all You don't like Caitlin Clark, they cite and You were back in. you can, I'm changing my, I'm going over boyfriend.


You guys talked me into it. I, I just wanted be right. I want us all to be right. Chicago Bulls Yes under I. I hate this team. I mean re like giddy kind of Lonzo. I'm thrilled he's gonna be playing the first game since January 14th of 22. Or is it? Wait is it 21? I had Him and AD depth chart with a question mark. Next we him because I don't know if he's gonna play But I hope he does because Oh that's right. yes it's gonna be almost three years. yes they resigned Patrick Williams I think Maybe 'cause they a lot of money. They heard Presti liked him. Is that true? No? I'm just I couldn't believe I would That that contract. I mean he hasn't really even done anything yet.


I'm excited this team Re like Bozel. This is a, a team stuck in something that's not good. Lot of Bezels Buds house was talking about 'em yesterday. He made go Google Rookie of the year house, pet him up for rookie of the year, Still have some dalon Terry shares. I. Just think That Ellis is gonna get run. like when you look at the rookies that are gonna get minutes with this lineup, with this team, with this constitution. I think the kid's gonna get some some some shine. They have a top 10 protected draft pick But. Here's the thing that makes it hard for the over under. you can be among the 10 worst teams and still win 30 or 31 games. if you look at at at last season, I don't know if that's gonna be the case this year though.


And Also when you you're top 10, you can't really fuck around. You really have to get and AD bottom eight I I guess. Okay, fair enough. Bottom eight is like 28 and down. Is it Worth it? Because I did the five worst win totals and the last five years and it's higher than you think. It's For What, the eight spot No the worst, the five worst win totals. Okay, so who had the least amount of wins? So last year it was 14, 15, 21, 21, 22. Two years ago 17, 22, 22, 27 three wins was the fifth lowest fifth. Woo. yes can that's Why. That's okay. I think it's important to do these just as we start getting some of these 18 I agree. three years ago, 20, 22, 20 three, 24, 25, 4 years ago.


17, 20, 21, 22, 22 And then It was a disaster five years ago. 15, 19, 19 of That has to with some of that has to do with how top heavy the league is though trying figure and like, like League is top heavier this year than usual when we've Done this You know now for years, at least with me, you being invited into it, which I appreciate. I've had like overwhelming theories on how to handle the bad teams. And you go, okay well the Cooper flag is the prize then it's gonna get really weird here at the end. But I thought That was gonna be the same thing with one Bema and It. It still like felt like it took too long. yes. Tank doesn't feel as extreme today as it was years ago and that's probably partly due with the playing game.


And You know flattening the odds a little bit on the lottery. 39 and 40 three last year and House made the key point top 10 protected pick owed to the Spurs. I'm taking the over. Okay because I think That they were are gonna win 28 games. you Yes and that's it. yes. Right? I mean sometimes with the explanation of the over it's like what's wrong with you and you're re like No I still think they're terrible. Yes they they are terrible. So you're going over Can No. I'm going under I. I don't. They've got a million guards. I. I feel like the Levine Part of it. That boy I mean he just Tough summer for I. Don't think, did he not Iron Didn't have the investor relations call for Zach can. So this team, the last nine years was three 10 and 4 0 1, which is six worst.


I finally was able to get Stat M to give that after I searched it nine different ways. You sure right. It seems right, right? you need to check it seems right But then I swear to God. Stat Muse is just a huge joke. They're just back there in like a room Just fucking with us. Like a guy just asked for the Celtics Home and Away record and AD sixties. like tell him That Steve Carlton had 40 complete games and AD Row. It's like if It was all of the wrong information, I, it's I don't Understand where this is going. I already did it. Top The, This May not be What, you want But and then they push the subscriber button where it's like if you, you for Staus subscribers get all this.


I'm like you can, Delara was originally from like What the fuck is this Anyway after this year? 'cause they're gonna be bad. They're probably gonna be the bottom three for the last 10 years. But I was looking at the Reinsdorfs 'cause this is now year 10. Although we don't really give a shit plan. They paid the luxury tax once. They haven't won a playoff series since 2015. The last dance was probably their highlight of the 2020s. Just that showing on tv. Good Job. They've I have six titles like put those out. But, their franchise has either quadrupled or quintupled in value over the last 10 years. There You go. They might be geniuses. There you go. Maybe, they're playing this perfectly.


like why pay the tax if you don't care about the team, your franchise is going up anyway. You have the illusion of hope every year with something this year it's like, hey We got Josh Giddy. We got Kobe White. This is the family. That owns the White Sox. Right? Hello? Good point. yes, they give zero shits. Well Levine is Untradeable unless the Lakers panic and I thought Illa just made a key point. It's players that you would like separately. But Maybe not together like Kobe White with Giddy with Levine. I'm not sure I'm excited about that. There's just so many guards I don't understand. yes, like Levi can. It's a lot of like Levine Levine was miserable Maybe, he'll be thrilled that the Rosen's gone not taking his late game Possessions.


Maybe, Maybe, Maybe a little over tastes for you there. yes, yes. like Billy Donovan's s yes. like not like you, like I was talking about It I was like, boy he his, his uniform wasn't ironed. You can't even get the wrinkles out for picture day. We Like Bud Zeiss though. Maybe Maybe. you we see I mean he was fun. He's raw ing. He was a fun draw. Raw prospect to watch But. He's, if he can't shoot it, he's toasty. Yes, there was, there was some interesting training camp quotes from the coaches and teammates. That, they seemed unusually high on him. You know, I know they have to say whatever about the rookies But, they, they were kind like, like Donovan after the first practice was he's gonna play for us.


Oh. And he was just like, just point blank. Okay, just I'm gonna solve this now there's gonna be No G League for this guy. He's playing for us. So we'll see. Oh it's a Josh Getty investor relations call. Wow. I'm not here Not interested. He's, he's not subscribed to The call. No. I don't want to talk to the investors. Oh What about Josh Giddy can I just I don't know. Oh you can gonna play dumb 'cause you bought so much Josh Giddy stock. Yes, SIL and I were the only two people who like That trade last summer, We went all in on It and I liked It for both teams. I just thought can I didn't. I wasn't like, can I'm in on Josh Getty still? yes. I think he's a good I. Think he's a good basketball player and I don't wanna take the under because I was actually rooting for them to be fun to watch.


So that We would be right about the giddy trade. But That That 28 and a half is too high for me. So I am going under Well. It's 27 and a half. Does that change your mind? Is That What? It is right now. I. I thought s no It went up to 28 and a half. Are you kidding me? yes. Hold on a second. No, it's 20. No, Maybe. I have to get out of this. You. That's it. One win. So 29 I'll stay in 20 nine's still pretty crappy. What do you mean 29? That's What. It is now I understand I got You over and then then I get I get rewarded for my commitment can It's 28 and a half. yes. I get it. 28 and a half. I'm gonna stick with my over Stam. What is the Chicago over under. Here's the weather in Tampa. 42. All right, so House is over still and I under last But, not least the Detroit Pistons, they're over under his 25 and a half.


They have a new head coach, JB Bickerstaff. They won 14 games last year. They added Tim Hardaway Jr. Malik Beasley And and AD one and only Tobias Harris who finally is unleashed Right system, right time, Plus nine 80 for the playoffs. Just throwing it out there. Cunningham, after the Allstar break 25, 5 and eight, 39% from three I was gonna have an investor relations call. But I think we're good. I don't think we need one about Cade. It got really scary when there was That Ringer piece from Zach on Cade. And I'm going, wait, he's a super inefficient, high volume guy.


like, like hate These players. Why am I Stuck? And then things got a lot better. But not great. I can't believe this team won one less game with this roster than the Wizards did. Monty Williams, this is gotta be one of the worst coaching jobs. And he sounded as if during the season he was surprised about players on his own team. It was a robbery you Like. Apparently he didn't wanted hit Kept raising and AD price. It was like S too Monty Williams goes to Detroit and just He was closing games of killing million, Steal 80 million From them. like think about it. yes, we're closing games of killing Can who's not and AD League Who's not. and AD League as a lottery pick Over Ivy. yes. We. Were talking about It when it happen.


re like the over 25 and a half. I the over yes I think this team's gonna be frisky. Wow. All of us. yes, me too. They're trying. Would these acquisitions show that they're trying right? if you just go through the team, Is there a better point guard depth chart than Cade Sasser, Ivy, Wendell Moore Pretty good solid. Maybe the best and AD League. Listen, Thompson I thought had some interesting moments last year. He is at least rebound. yes. A rebounded defense guy. yes, sure. FIO was so good. Utah was like we just gotta fucking get rid of this guy. He's gonna fuck up our draft pick Bobby Clinton finally and AD League. Ron Holland, Big Stew. They have Fred Vincent. They hired Fred Vincent to come in and help these guys.


How? How to shoot Lamar Stevens gives you solid minutes. Well La. Last year we were watching them going, who put this team together and were they drunk? Why did they just have all these big guys and guards and No shooting and What made anyone think in 2020 three this was the type of team you wanna put together. Now they have shooting. They figured out at least We gotta just play Ivy and Cunningham together and let them figure it out. They have rebounding. Their center is one of the, one of the I think four best rebounding title odds this year. And then Harris I don't know I I. I'm kind of rooting for him. I don't know why. Mainly 'cause it would've enrage Priscilla if he, if he scored like 24 a game for Detroit and AD.


First month I am I am Happily over on this. So Illa, you're over and house is I Am over I. I. I wouldn't be mad at Tobias Harris scoring buckets. I feel like Philly didn't even appreciate him. That was tough for the Tobias Hive. It was tough with the take charge, those the hey have You taken a charge since like 2019. Remember That Keep the game moving. I loved it. Less whistles. So out of Toronto, Detroit, Chicago, Brooklyn and Washington. I Think re like Detroit the most out of those five. Wow. Say it again. Toronto. Detroit, Chicago. Brooklyn, Washington. And I'll throw in Charlotte too.


Chicago might be, even though I went under on It. I don't know That was a reach I last night when I went to bed. I didn't know What to do with this number. But it's it's just the last ditch effort of the Kade to Ivy. yes. Wiseman. I'm just kidding. Wiseman's on the Pacers. All right, so here's What. We did Phoenix 47 and half. We all went over I made It a lock. Anyone else wanna lock that down or we're gonna wait? All right. House is locking it down too. I don't have to wait. Okay. Lock. You're locking It too. Yep. Okay. Wow. So we had That, we had the Sacramento Kings. 44 and a half. We all went over on That.


Golden State Warriors 40 three and a half. Elle and I went over house, went under the Lakers 42 and a half. I. I really wanna put a lock on It, But. I. Don't wanna waste one. We all went under on that. And then Clippers 37 and a half we all went under. And I'm putting a lockdown on That too 'cause I don't think that team's gonna be very good and it's gonna be sad. And then and AD, central Milwaukee, 50 and a half. We all went under Cleveland. 48 and a half We went over and me and House locked that one down. You wanted hit lock that down. Illa, I'll give you my lock list when we're through it all. Okay. Because I I kind of like changed my mind and AD the course of today, So totally fine.


Indiana, 47 point half you guys talked me into it. We all went over Chicago. 28 and a half under for me under for over for house. And then finally Detroit over 25 and a half. We all said That. Sounds great. So there You go. All right, that's it for Part two. Thanks again to Kyle Creighton and Steve Saru for producing. Don't forget you can watch all of these episodes on the Bill Simmons YouTube channel and get ready for Part three 'cause that's coming very soon. See In Part three.


It must be 21 plus in President Select states for Kansas and affiliation with Kansas Star Casino or 18 plus in President DC. Gambling problem. Call 100 gambler or Visit rg-help.com. Call 1 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or Visit cpg.org/chat in Connecticut or Visit md gambling help.org in Maryland. Hope is here. Visit gambling helpline ma.org or call 800 three two seven fifty fifty for twenty four seven. Support Massachusetts. Or call 1 8 7 7 8 Hope ny. Or Text Hope NY in New York.