
Coming up little basketball, a little football, even a little baseball. Next, it's The Bill Simmons Podcast.


Presented by FanDuel Football is in full action. FanDuel's highest rated sports book is the best place to bet it all. We've been doing pretty well on million dollar picks this year. I love the first month of the season because you have to go into the season thinking. I think Pittsburgh's gonna be good. I think the Chargers are gonna be good. I think Seattle's gonna be good. And then trying to back what you think in those first few weeks. And then zag the other way. if you were wrong, you could bid on new and fun markets on FanDuel, like to catch a pass. Same game Parlays highest scoring game across the Sunday Slate offensive tds. The next drive. They have so much stuff, it's crazy. The app is safe and secure and easy to use. And when you win you'll get paid instantly. Plus, look out for FanDuel Squares this season. Here's what you have to do. Visit FanDuel dot com slash bs to download America's number one Sportsbook The Ringer is committed to responsible gaming. Please visit rg help.com to learn more about the resources and helplines available and listen to the end of the episode. For additional details, you must be 21 plus and present in select states gambling problem called winning hundred gambler or visit rg help.com.


This episode is brought to you by Netflix, which I should be showing Mr. McMahon on September 25th, starting five. A new 10 part Netflix sports series provides an intense behind the scenes look at the 2020 3 24 NBA season through the eyes of five of the league's biggest players, Jimmy Butler, Anthony Edwards, LeBron James De Monte Saboni, and Jason Tatum. Obviously, I'm always gonna think about this season. Think about the fact that the Celtics and Jason Tatum won the title, but Anthony Edwards had a breakout superstar season that captured all of it. Starting five, captures the biggest players battles on and off the court, giving sports fans an unfiltered view of life at the pinnacle of pro basketball Watch starting five October 9th, only on Netflix.


We're also brought to you by The Ringer. Podcast Network. We started Scary Month on the re watchable. We put up the Blair Witch Project. It was me and Chris Ryan. Just crazy how successful this movie was 25 years ago, we broke all of it down and we are gonna be doing five movies on Scary Month. You'll be able to watch all of them on The, Ringer movies, YouTube channel. you can watch everything we do on this podcast on the Bill Simmons channel on YouTube. And by the way, speaking of The Ringer, we're launching 60 songs that explain the two thousands with Rob Har Villa. He ran outta 90 songs and he said, screw it. Let's move into the two thousands. So if you like that podcast, it launches this week and we'll have a bunch of 2000 songs on there.


Good luck to Rob and that podcast. That's a great podcast. Coming up on this podcast I to Mahoney, gonna be talking about training camp storylines, the towns trade, and a little Dek Kembe Mutombo as well. And then Anthony Dund from The Ringer Gambling Show comes on to talk about some NFL trends that he's seeing. And if there's a baseball team we should jump on as a future bet for the World Series. So that's the podcast first. Our friends from Pro Jab.


Alright, We're taping this on a Tuesday afternoon. This is a guy who got ready for training camp by losing at least 25 to 30 pounds. Oh no, that was Joel and Bead, but it is Rob Mahoney. How are you Rob? I'm good. You know, Joel and I get confused very often so I, I'll forgive the error. Just this once 25 to 30 pounds. What's the exact number for Joel? Three and a half. We'll see. He said he is still working on it. He doesn't care. We're, we're gonna talk about this when we do training camp storylines. So you covered this on your pod before I covered it on my pod, but the big towns trade, which is not official yet. And I think when it happened, everybody has their reactions. I certainly had mine now we've had a chance for it to sink in for a few days.


Has anything changed in your head since this trade happened? I think I come, I keep coming back to, and maybe this is my personal risk aversion talking and we can get into that if you want to, but I find it harder putting myself in the place of a contending team to think wouldn't it be cool if we just dramatically reconfigure everything that we do? And I say that for both sides of this deal. I think the wolves were in pretty good position to contend in the West. I thought the Knicks with Mikhail bridges were sitting in, in a pretty favorable position in the East at least to make another deep run. And so for both of those teams to look at their situations and granted there are flaws there, but say we wanna shake this up dramatically. I, I just dunno that I would've gotten there coming into the season maybe at the deadline, maybe deeper in once you saw a little bit more of what you've got.


But yeah, I don't know that I was ready to make a, a move this big on either side. Yeah. The more distance I got from it, it just seems to me it's about flexibility where you have a Minnesota team that just could not sustain the financial model of whatever that team was gonna be. Right? Yeah. And they felt like we actually have an out to get two players and contend this year and have some flexibility going forward and we're not trapped to those next three towns years where our model just goes sideways. I get it. And I, I probably am now leaning toward liking the trade a little bit more for them because there's a world where Randall comes in and goes Great. From the nick standpoint, it just, it, the more I stare at it just seems like we need a center, let's push all the chips in.


Yep. We're getting the best guy in the trade and most important, and I wish I had made this point harder on Saturday, we just don't wanna give Randall that extension. Yes. And we think it's gonna be a problem that we're not giving the extension. I think I talked about chemistry stuff on Saturday and I wish I'd hit the extension part harder because going into a season where he's gonna have to sacrifice and then also not know what he's getting paid. Yeah. And then also not know what his role is and then also not know if he's gonna finish every game. And there might be situations where he's just on the bench for the last five minutes and be in a situation where it's him and the Nova Nicks. So everybody in the Knicks loves, I think they just sniffed it out and didn't like where that was headed.


And at least with towns throwout this year. So it's a three year commitment after this. It's a guy they all knew it's a CAA guy, it's a Kentucky guy and they're just making the bet. But there's no way they felt a hundred percent on it. I don't think I, I don't think either team can feel a hundred percent. But I, I wanna focus on the Randall part of this because you said you can see the vision of how this could go well for Minnesota, you know, if everything works right for Randall. But everything you just said about his extension also applies to their financial situation, right? Either they're in bed with Julius Randall for the foreseeable future or he's a very short term piece of this team. And I think that's where I get caught up on the cat element is the finances were what they were and it was always gonna be more likely that they would trade him at some point or trade some big financial piece at some point than keep this whole group together.


Yeah. That just the writing was kind of on the wall. It's just a matter of timing and who, but if all you're getting back for Kat is a first and Dante di Vincenzo a player, we all like and maybe or maybe not the future of Julius Randall at a price point. You may or may not actually. Like why are we doing that? Like why are we doing that when we have a ready made conference, finals worthy team? Maybe it doesn't get all the way there this year, but certainly worthy of competing at that level. It's A great question and I think maybe they look at it from there and say, if this starts to slide backwards, what are our outs? And ironically they were in the same position that the Knicks are in now, the glass half empty version of this, what are our outs?


And for Minnesota, they would've had no outs at that point. Right? Yeah, you probably, there's a go bear extension that they probably would've passed on and maybe they'll pass on it. Anyway, there's, we have no chance to trade towns now. This is our one chance to get two guys plus a little more flexibility and maybe that's gone. I also think they could probably quietly shop him around a little bit and have at least a little bit of a sense for what these guys are worth. But it speaks to another NBA piece of this, which are these high priced non alpha superstars. Not maybe all NBA but not quite, you know, Bradley Beal, Zach Levine.


But that feels like there's more of those. 'cause the Ingram thing I think was the most fascinating one to me all summer. Nobody wanted them. And I did ringer 100, which you did too. You did the votes. Ingram's somewhere between, you could put him as high as high forties. You could put him low sixties. But he's one of the best, probably 60 players in the league. And he was at 36 million I think, or 35 million for one more year. And everybody was like, pass. Yeah. And another extension debacle too. Another another guy who, the pelicans just aren't looking at that future and saying, we see how he fits with what we have and and with the direction that we're going. And the problem with Brandon Ingram is I think it's hard for a lot of teams to envision exactly what that is because of the class of player he's, and because of what his strengths are, which is somebody who is ultimately a lot more comfortable with the ball in his hands, but has not shown that he can elevate a team into great standing and great postseason success with that kind of responsibility.


Right. And the Warriors looked at it and said, no thanks. Yes. When they desperately wanted to make a move and pursued lower marketing. All summer towns is more interesting because I think towns is somebody, first of all towns is good. I mean I had him, I had him in my top 35. I'm sure you did too. He's he's somewhere. Oh yeah. In the 25 35 ranchers. No, I think I had him like 32. He's somebody you can really talk yourself into as a shooting stretch. Five, same way the Celtics talked themselves in a poor zingus, but the price for Ingas was ironically a little somewhere to the towns price. And, and, and Minnesota got more for towns. But same thing where it's like man, that's all they got for towns but super expensive guy.


He's missed a bunch of games last five years. There's real questions about the self-awareness with him, which I think are gonna be tested to the gills in New York City. Certainly it's interesting to hear all the different takes on that too. 'cause I think everybody likes him. But I think everybody has the same concerns about him in New York City and there's this certain, there's two types of people that seem to just fail in New York City and one of those two types is I am not self-aware at all. And I just say things that then become dissected and and ridiculed for two straight days. And maybe I shouldn't have said that. Sure. He was always a, maybe I shouldn't have said that guy. And now he's put, he's going in the worst city to be a, maybe I shouldn't have said that guy.


That part of it I think is gonna be tough. The even just kind of figuring out how he fits and finds his place in things basketball wise. Right. Will be interesting for him because he is a guy who, by the nature of his skillset, and this is true of any kind of stretch big, you have to pick your spots very carefully. And I thought that's where the Pinga story pan out so successfully for Boston as they knew Exactly. These are the matchups where you put him at the elbow and he goes to work. These are the situations where he's just spacing. This is when he could get away with rolling. All that was very carefully laid out. It's a tricky thing to manage and I think this is where the Nova Nicks thing could potentially be more than a cute story. The Knicks have a lot that they need to incorporate now with Kat and Bridges and a reshuffled bench and before we forget, OJ Nano has played like 30 games with the Knicks.


Right. If some of these guys already have the baked in familiarity of going through a postseason run together and even Bridges who you're bringing in knows how to play with Brunson and heart, there's, there's a, a continuity there of a kind, even if it's a little bit older in in terms of the history. Maybe that makes all this a little bit easier in terms of okay, bridges is a guy you don't necessarily have to worry about funneling a certain kind of touch to or certain kind of opportunity to. All of our attention coming into camp can be how do we make Carl Anthony Townes comfortable in the way that we play? Yeah. And how do we maximize what he does? Because there's no question they need a creator like him. I just wonder if he can be the kind of creator who isn't committing two and a half offensive fouls a night who isn't taking a couple shots that he shouldn't take every so often.


Yeah. Like killing the momentum of a Jalen Brunson run. What was your take on towns defensively? I'm looking up his basketball reference as we're talking. What was your take on his defensive abilities and deficiencies before Gobert showed up in Minnesota? Did not seem super tenable as a full-time. Five to me. Yeah. But if he was gonna be tenable at any point, it would probably be with someone like OG n and Obie next to him and probably be with another wing defender like Mikhail Bridges next to him. So as far as setting him up for some kind of defensive success, I think this is as close as you're gonna get. And there's also the possibility when Mitchell Robinson comes back, you could play towns at the four in the way that he played next to go bear. That there's, you know, there's some momentum there and a style there that could potentially work.


And his shooting is certainly good enough. I just don't think if towns is your five, you're gonna be an elite, elite defensive team. It's more about even with All the other guys they have, I think it's a matter of like managing it. It's like you're gonna be kind of very solid, probably like the back part of the top 10 good defensive team. They have the rebounding, they have the versatility, they have the length. I think what's most important for them is they do match up better with the Celtics. And if that is the most important matchup in the field, then I think towns does a lot for you there in terms of something to leverage and also a style that I think fits that matchup a little better. Yeah, I was thinking about, I was already moving ahead to like April May of course when we started to, when the playoffs really shrinks to just matchups and attacking and teams were already attacking Brunson, right?


It's like how can we wear him down? How can we just put him in stuff and now they're gonna be attacking him with towns, this guy and Enobi and Bridges and Josh Hart as good as those guys are defensively, I kind of feel like they're not gonna be involved in a lot of playoff basketball because it's gonna be all about who's town's guarding. Bring them over. Yeah. Set the screen on Brunson's guy and let's just go, let's go to town on those two guys and everybody else can kind of stay over there. And you know, teams tried to do that to Minnesota last year with towns to, to pretty solid success at the same time. I was impressed by what he did against Yoic. Now granted he had not read and had Gobert, but that was about as good as I've seen him do.


So when towns, when Minnesota was shitty, he was basically between 17 and 18 shots a game. And then the last two years as Ant kind of ascended, he was at 15 a game. And then we get to the playoffs last year and this year that's about 14 a game. And I do wonder on the Knicks, how many shots are there for him? Is he gonna be the second option? Is it gonna be Brunson is the first option and then just a hodgepodge of other guys and are they just gonna tell 'em, here's what we want dude, punish, punish smaller guys in the post, hit some threes, play defense, move your feet and that's what we want and grab 10, 11 rebounds.


That's all we want. You're here. We wanted you here, we traded for you. You're here for the next three years. We're not gonna trade you, you're a guy, but we need your help here, here and here and just do this. Don't worry about scoring 25 points a game anymore. Those days are over. And whether he accepts that or not, I think we have reason to suspect that he will. For all of Kat's faults, he has been pretty willing to try new things. And when, when pushes come to shove, it's almost always been incumbent on him. Like he's the one moving to the fore. He is the one spacing out to begin with. He's the one who has to take on a different kind of role. I'm not saying he's been universally successful, but look, stars are creatures of habit and there are a lot of guys in the league who categorically will not change their substitution pattern because they're so superstitious that like I need to come in at the eight minute mark or else, I mean my whole rhythm is off.


And I give Kat a lot of credit for the fact that he's been willing to try lots of stuff for the wolves and for a winning team. And that's absolutely what the Knicks are. Our team with a proven track record with winning habits with guys who are likable and high energy and you wanna play well for, I think he's gonna wanna try to, to be on his best behavior with that stuff. It's funny how the Hart hartenstein how that became a sliding doors for this season, right? Oh It did. It made O KC the prohibitive favorite. Like at least for the regular season. I dunno about the playoffs, but I think if you're betting who's gonna have the best record in the league this season, they have to be the first team mentioned. But then it also opens the door for the Knicks to now have to go, shit, what do we do?


Yeah. And you start looking at the available centers and they just weren't there. So you're, you're occasionally a cynical guy. Occasionally. I trying to Fight it. You're a pres TV pod a lot. You're doing anti-hero shows and weird shows and dark shows. A lot of dark shows in the pre certainly pod the town's prestige TV season. Three towns goes to New York. Yeah. I think would start out great. And then by episode three maybe there's a couple, couple Red Herrings and Ohs and maybe there's a district Eternity having a heart attack at the end of episode five. Oh definitely. It's definitely a rollercoaster ride is my point. The Earl, the Carl Anthony Towns in New York City, ultimately I'm rooting for him the same way I would root for those shows.


Even though he is on the Knicks, they're competing against the Celtics. But I've always kind of liked him and I, I think one of the recurring themes with his career is people being frustrated by him because they wanna like him and it's like, ah dude, why'd you say that? Come on, why'd you foul that guy 40 feet from the basket? Yeah. It's like, come on dude, just can you, can you stop being you? can you just reach your potential? He's, and I don't know if that's his destiny or not as a player, I actually want the opposite. I want him to beat him because I feel like when he steps in it and says the wrong thing and it's the why did you say that kind of moment? Yeah, it's usually 'cause he's trying to be somebody he's not and he's Oh interesting. He's speaking with like a bluster and a bravado that doesn't always seem like it's coming that naturally to him.


New York is not the easiest place to be comfortable in your own skin. No, I hope that he can find that piece somehow. I hope, I hope he can find whatever his corner of the city is, make it his own. Stay sequestered in your neighborhood, get to know your bodega. I I think there's a version of this that can work and I like you. I really hope to see it. Yeah, Boston, New York, Philly, all the East Coast cities are similar in that authenticity always is gonna win. Yeah. In any of those cities, right? They're always gonna root for people who just really give a shit and stay true to themselves. And the guys who always seem to get in trouble over and over again in any of those cities are the people that talk outta their ass, pretend there's something they're not. Take some sort of false bravado over the actual accomplishments on the court.


And it's weird 'cause Mbbi is probably the only one who hasn't been victim of that. 'cause Philly just loves Mbbi and sometimes he'll, he'll say stuff or do stuff and you're like, I can't believe the Sixers fans are putting up with this. But, but they just, they they like the guy and that now You're just trying to agitate. Now you're, the season even hasn't even started. You're just slight little fires. Well, Next, we agitate. Okay, so Towns has played, he played 16 playoff games for his entire career until last year when he also played 16 playoff games, 32 playoff games total for him. And last year he was in a really sweet spot with Minnesota where Edwards was the go-to guy. The defense was kind of the meal ticket and basically anything he did was a bonus.


Do you feel like that's the same in New York or do you think they need more than that? I think they need a little bit more, but I also think that the overall team is set up better for him to do more. I agree. And to press a little bit, the spacing is gonna be a little cleaner. The fact that the rest of the team is so perimeter oriented, I think is gonna open up room for me to even just like attack the offensive glass something that Tom Thito historically loves his team's doing. And so there's gonna be a chance for him to, to exert his impact on the game in a different way. And frankly for, for a cat team, I think that makes more sense than what we had with the wolves where Anthony Edwards, based on the, the spacing that Minnesota was working with, had to do a lot of like really high level processing. Yeah. In order to try to get over the hump and he's just not quite quite there yet.


And maybe he'll be next time we see him in the playoffs, the Knicks are different because Jalen Brunson does have to do some of that. But all the spacing and stuff that we're talking about allows Josh Hart to bust out for a meaningful game allows Isaiah Hartstein to bust out for a meaningful game. You put one of the most skilled bigs in the league in that position in cad. I don't see why he, he can't have a, a huge impact on that offense. Yeah, it's weird because that I'm putting Celtic CAD on and trying to figure out if I'm more or less scared of them after this trade. Yeah. And I think the answer is more because it has to be, they really, they really didn't have a center. Right. The center thing losing Hartenstein, never knowing when Mitchell Robinson was gonna come back, the guys that were available that might be available in January, February, it just seemed like that was gonna sink them and they were basically gonna have to do the small ball tibs, everybody playing 42 minutes weird lineups and try to sneak their way through and now the team makes a little more sense but man, if it doesn't work out and I know the Knick fans don't wanna hear it, they're like, well who'll point your trade making a trade of like, you could've said that about Zenas.


And it's like, yeah, but Ingas was making 30 and Towns is in the high fifties. One last thing on Minnesota and then we'll then we'll wrap this part up as a League Pass team. I think they're gonna be one of the most interesting teams in the first six weeks of the season to see how all the pieces fit together. Right. Yeah. They're gonna pass better because Randall was, you know, kind of a sneaky good passer and he would get a assist and create shots for other people and towns was never a create shots for anybody else. Guy Vincenzo is way more fun to play with, I think than any, any swing they had. So you have that stuff.


So then the Dillingham coming off the bench just as this crazy kind of heat check ball running through him. I can carry the offense for 15 minutes. There's just a lot of stuff going on and I'm really interested to see how it works. What, what happens to Gold Bear coming outta the Olympics where he was basically just shoved to the side and treated like he was, you know, Luke Cornett, Hey, I mean Luke Cornett probably played more but, but I think it's gonna be a fun team to watch and I have no idea. You could tell me they're gonna be awesome or you could tell me we'll be doing what's wrong with the wolves segments three weeks in and I'm prepared for any scenario with that. Right. I think it's gonna be pretty comfortably in between. I don't think they're gonna be awesome out of the gate.


There's just too much. They need to sort through first, but they're too talented to be bad. I don't think they're gonna flounder by any means. I actually do think the Randall thing you mentioned about his playmaking is gonna be really nice for them, especially in some of the smaller groups or you know, like when he and Dante Di Vincenzo for example, are out there together. Randall is much more of a drive and spray out kind of playmaker. And I will say this about Kat, he's not a great passer. The one thing he did well was set up Rudy kinda like big to big LOBs. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. That's never really been Randall's Playmaking style. And so there's gonna be a bit of an adjustment there. But I think the trade off as far as a team that is positioning a rookie to basically be their backup point guard right now, although I guess Anthony Edwards is probably kind of the backup point guard, but Rob Dillingham is gonna be an important part of this team.


And if you can ease him in with the training wheels of having a Playmaking four in the mix, that's gonna help. I, I'm just having visions of Ant trying to go to work and Julius Randall spotting up on the weak side and teams going, yes, we will trust you to take that shot as many times as you would like to take it. Yeah. And the wolves are gonna walk into that and when that guy isn't cat shooting 40% from three, there are nights where that really, really hurts. And then you have the night where McDaniels doesn't make anything. You have go bear out there who can't make anything. So then you have three of the four an teammates have the ability to shoot. But I do like that they can throw a little more flexibility out with lineups now then you've really felt it during the DA series.


You know, like once Ant couldn't look like a reasonable facsimile of MJ anymore, all of a sudden that went sideways. So your final recommendation is thumbs up for the Knicks. Thumbs tilting a little down for thet Wolves. Yeah. Think that's where you Landed. I think that's fair. Like what I have made this mood if, if I were the Knicks, I think given the talent play, you probably have to, but it does make me at least a little bit nervous. I think you, you bet on Carl and you and you see if you can make it work The wolves. I I don't think I would've swung this big right now. What prestige TV show do you think the Knicks are gonna be this year? What would you go with The, the plot line you laid out sounded very like New York Ozark to me, which is I think a much darker outcome than the Knicks would.


Like. Ozark super. They're looking bright and sunny. You know, like I, I think, I think it's gonna be good vibes in New York for the most part this year. I think it's gonna be super fun teams that are that talented. Yeah, there's a little bit of hand ringing, but there's so many new toys to play with in an engaging and exciting way that maybe prestige isn't the right zone. Maybe it's more of like an Abbott Elementary kind of a situation. Oh, I Like it. Well I wonder, you know, this happened in Poor Zynga last year when, and, and there were a lot of seeds planted the year before in Washington So. it wasn't too shocking. But he comes in and it's just the best version of him, as you said before. They're using him in all the right ways. They're not leaning on him too much, but they're leaning on him a lot. He's whatever he's giving them, that's always the best lineup they had.


And it was really cool. It was this guy who used to be the unicorn and then he was injury prone and then kind of found his spot on this team and became this beloved Celtic. And there's a world where that happens to towns. Like I'm definitely not ruling it out. It's, he, it's the most fascinating transaction we had in the off season. Oh yeah. Even though we have a million transactions, towns in the Knicks is the best one. Are you, Are you prepared for the outcome where a playoff series is gonna be determined by KP versus towns and, and the, the Eastern Conference universe is gonna ride On that. It feels like that way. It might. It really does. It feels like that. It's gonna be round to or round three. It's gonna happen. We're gonna take a break and we're gonna do a favorite preseason training camp storylines.


And there's a crucial difference which I'll explain after the break.


This episode is brought to you by SimpliSafe. As a father, I know how important it's to make sure you're keeping your kids safe. It always feels like you could always be doing more. Right. Well here's a parenting tip. Get a SimpliSafe home security system. It's a great way to make sure your family has the protection they need even if you're not there. We have one of our, our house and we love it. It's the summer we just went away. When you're away, you wanna know that all hell isn't breaking loose in your house. And that's where SimpliSafe comes in. if you gonna trust anyone with the safety of your loved ones, trust is SimpliSafe. They've been named Best Home Security Systems by US News and World Report for five years running right now. you can get an exclusive 50% discount on a new system plus a free indoor security camera with Fast Protect monitoring. Just visit SimpliSafe dot com slash bs. This offer is for a limited time only. So order today. Once again SimpliSafe with two is SimpliSafe dot com slash bs. There's no safe like SimpliSafe.


This episode is brought to you by State Farm. State Farm helps you score an affordable price when you choose to bundle home and auto insurance with the personal price plan bundling home and auto. That's a pro move. Just another way you can save on your insurance needs. Talk to a State Farm agent today to learn how you can bundle and save with the personal price plan like a good neighbor. State Farm is there. Prices are based on rating plans that vary by state coverage. Options are selected by the customer availability. Amount of discounts and savings and eligibility vary by state.


Alright. Training camp storylines are different than season storylines. Season storylines is like, you know, who's gonna win the MVP? Can the Celtics go back to back training? Camp storylines are twin in fixed in tinged, tinged tinged, tinged tinged. It's tinged and twined and a little bit of fiction, a little bit of theater, a little bit of hyperbole. Yeah. Little bit of you're at the farmer's market and people are trying to like, hey you gotta try the this, these apples are the best apples you're ever gonna eat. And you're like, the apple, I saw you get 'em off the truck.


You know, I know the, yeah those look like all the other apples. You gotta try these cheese crisps. Like do I So off season I'll, I'll just give you my favorite and then you rip off all the ones you have. My favorite is the Clippers trying to navigate this Kauai Leonard knee thing. We gotta do it. J just glass half full. It's going good. You know, my knee, he, he's basically, if you read between the lines, it's, he's saying my knee's never gonna be the same, but I think I'm gonna be able to manage it guys. So come, come to the Intuit dome because I'll be playing there. Probably not, but I'll probably be playing there all year and, and I'll be 40% as good as I used to be.


But it'll be great. Come on down in the intuit tome. I, I just could not believe this is like year seven of this. So that jumped out to be the most You agree. It is also on my list. I think Clippers bleak watch in general has to be on here. Kauai on Media Day said he does plan to be available for opening night. Oh, thank you. He also said he never plans to miss games. Right. So he does often miss games. He, I, I dunno that I'm like betting hard that he's gonna be available or maybe he's there for opening night for very political financial reasons and then quickly recedes into some scheduled rest after that. It could be that kind of situation. I think the problem is it's not just Kawhi.


This is a team that also lost Paul George that, I dunno if you caught this media day quote James Harden's takeaway from watching Luca in the NBA finals. Was that actually, oh please tell us. maybe he should dominate the ball more that the offense definitely gonna involve a lot Of him. Yeah. Luke, they laid the blueprint that I believed in in the 2000 tens and that could be us. That was James Harden. How is It that Luca, don, whatever your your priors are and your view of the world, if you watch Luca Don, he will in some way confirm it. I don't know what effect he has on people that makes him do this, but it really works that way. Harden everyone else is like, this is too much of a burden for Luca. They, they probably need a little bit more. He's wearing down and harden's like, I like this, this is great.


But by the way, he played with Kyrie and then Yeah. Demanded a trade out of there. So I maybe Maybe It's hard to replicate. Yeah, it's, you know, the guy I shared season tickets with we're excited to go the Intuit dome. I, I just, I this is I think year six of Do you wanna go tonight? Do is Kauai playing? Not sure. Let me look. That's over a half decade now with Kauai and I just at this point he was what, in the 2011 draft, right? God, this is year he 15. That sounds right. Year 14 or 15 for him. I can't Ima whose knees were like Yeah, I had a lot of trouble with my knees and then in year 15 of my career really turned around my knees became great.


Well I mean the, the bionic technology might be there. I don't know, Maybe it's brutal. I so I I actually think they knew Kauai's knees were fucked and that's why they didn't wanna give Paul George all that money. Could be. I think that's, especially when you think like he goes to the Olympic team, they kind of gently send him backing in a couple days and it's like, yeah, Kawhi has decided to drop out. They fucking pushed his ass out. Like they were like, we need 12 guys and you cannot, you're not in shape to play and we don't think you're gonna be healthy. And I, I just don't think it's gonna change. It's sad but at the same time he won a title and had made a ton of money and had a really interesting career and he's gonna be a hall of famer you think, you look at somebody like Derek Rose who Oh yeah.


Had that knee injury at the worst possible time in his career. Missed two Postseasons was never really the same. Like Hawaii's better than that but it's still, it's still a bummer. We just never really got to see it for an extended stretch with the Clippers would be half of a season, three fourths of a season. It just never, never happened. Yeah. Plenty of things have gone wrong for him but the biggest possible things went right And so it's hard to really frown on a career like that. I think where I'm stuck with the Clippers right now is Kawhi is gonna be whatever sort of wild card health wise he's gonna be. James Harden is gonna be, I would suspect more or less the player we saw last year, give or take the usage will go up as he has alluded to.


The other part of it that worries me is some of the other chatter out of Media day for them was Norm Powell was talking about how losing Paul George actually might be an addition by subtraction situation. 'cause look at all these capable guys we have. Right. you can step into bigger roles. Bigger. I don't know that I personally would be puffing out my chest at Terrence Mann and Derek Jones taking on the mantle of your offense. Yeah. Two players I like but I don't like, like that. Right. And there's gonna be a lot of that sort of thing for the Clippers this year. Yeah. Well what do you think their odds are to make the playoffs on FanDuel Clippers make the playoffs? Yes. What are those odds? Oh My God. I don't even think they're gonna be, they're Not a huge odds. I don't even think they're gonna be a play-in team.


Well FanDuel says plus 2 0 5 for Yes. Minus two 50 for no. Yeah That seems Which Is brutal like the wor the rockets are even odds. Yes. Yes. Right. Golden State Rockets are gonna be a better team than the Clippers Golden State are even odds. Yes. You go through all these teams, the consensus is after who's the worst team in league in the West? Portland. Portland for for sure They're in play for that second worst spot if, if Kauai's not playing healthy. And then on top of it, which this will be the first of many times I mentioned this on a podcast, OKC has a right to swap first round picks with them. Yeah. In 2025.


Which could be an absolute all time even by Clippers standards dagger if that ends up being a top three pick. Alright. What other training camps stuff do you have? So you talked about OKC being the prohibitive favorite regular season wise. I agree. Yeah, I think we're all very high on the thunder that said how sure are we that the grizzlies could not steal the top seat in the west. I like This. Something about the photos coming outta media day of seeing Jah and Bain and Jackson and Smart and, and Zach, Edie the confidence of like, we're gonna pose all these guys together. We trust that it's gonna work. It really stoked my sense of like this team is gonna kill in the regular season and I don't even know if they're gonna solve all their half court issues.


I'm not even saying anything about Jaws like a guy who can crack playoff level defenses. I just think the West this year could be the kind of conference where you win 55 games and you get first. Right. Just because it's so deep. And the Grizzlies have done that before and I think they could do it again right now. Marcus smart watching the Celtics win the title Chip on his shoulder. There you go. John Moran trying to reclaim his best under 30 American superstar title from Anthony Edwards. A lot of chips. Triple J didn't make the Olympic team Brandon Clark coming back from injury. Zach, Edie, nobody believed in me. I'm actually the best player of this draft.


I like it. There's a lot of stuff. There's some interesting jock quotes. So I I don't think John, oh there always are talked about, we talked about self-awareness with towns earlier. Like I wouldn't say Jah had like a, just a, a plethora of self-awareness last year with some of the interviews and quotes he did. But this year it did seem like he really just wanted to take back his spot in the league hierarchy and he had been a little humbled by the last two years now they could be telling him what to say but I I it at least passed some imaginary first test for me. We'll see how this goes. If he's on a player podcast two weeks from now saying something crazy. We'll see. But I like Veno on the Mismatch with Jacob.


Shout out to those guys. I had fun time listening to that. Veno was Veno first of all Veno said Jah was gonna be first team NBA and then paused. Yep. And was like, okay I, and then he unwound it and he said I think he's gonna be on the one of the first two teams, LNBA And I was like whoa, that's aggressive. And I started thinking about it like he probably will be on the, if he's played 75 games and looks like jogging, he probably will be one of the four guards. Yeah, right. It's, it's Mitchell, it's Edwards. Who else is in the Curry? Well it's also Positionless too. So he could, he could wiggle his way in any number of ways. Not my, My bow will never be positionless Rob. Well What does Luca don play?


I'm still unclear on that. I, I dunno what what is he, yeah I guess wing One thing as far as the all NBA stuff goes and also like I think it's, as you're thinking about the guard hierarchy specifically, we just talked about Kat's impact on the Knicks. I think Jalen Brunson's numbers will come down a little bit and his overall driving impact may not be seen in like quite the way it was at the peak during say the postseason because he's gonna have more help. He's gonna have a lot more going on around him in a way where it's not so definitively Jalen Brunson carrying this thing. Yeah. I think that's favors guys like Ja where if he has a monster season, there's an opportunity for here for him to, you know, overtake where Steph would end up in this kind of pecking order.


If the Warriors are kind of, you know, underwhelm again overtake Brunson potentially. Although I think Jalen Brunson's a better player right now, but all the narrative stuff could end up tilting in his direction weirdly enough. Even though he was the one who kind of blew up and then got hurt the, like the momentum of this larger grizzlies run in the first place, 31 for mvp. It's pretty intriguing. Strong mvt strong. We're not a lot better because we have votes but yes. You know you have to be a top three seed, which I think both of us think Memphis could be. Definitely you'd have to be the best player in a really good for six straight months team. Which I think he qualifies for. I was surprised those odds were where they were.


I think there's a lot of amnesia for how good he was. The other one I was looking at him was the, the points per game title, which he was 48 to one. Who's the favorite for that? The favorite is Luca plus 1 65. But it's probably around, I don't know, 30, 31 range. I don't know if Jock can get that high, but that team's gonna be pretty good. I'm with you on Memphis. I the odds have the over under for them has been shooting up. It was too low to begin with and now it feels like everybody's looking at it the same way. Minnesota is this weird trade number, the number two seeds available. What do you have for your next storyline? Which of Orlando, Indiana and Cleveland can hit another gear, right?


Kind of the comfortable middle of the Eastern conference playoff picture. I think we can say Celtics, Nick Sixers, maybe the bucks with an asterisk are, are sort of the top of the east right now is The, is the asterisk 37 years old and coming off multiple arthroscopic surgeries? I don't know, I I haven't talked to asterisk yet. We're Gonna, we're gonna come back. I think asterisk may be in the room here with us. Okay. But as far as these teams go, it's so tempting 'cause they're all in that 47, 48 win range last season to think why couldn't the magic hit to 50? But why couldn't the calves jump to 50 wins next season? Who is there any team in this group you feel very confident in taking whatever the next step is?


Well Sacramento is a good example of this last year where they, where they win 48 but a lot of things went right for that to happen. Yes. And then the league got a little better last year and all of a sudden they dropped even though they were kind of the same team now they had to make this trade. I look at Orlando as the upside team out of those because I still feel like they have a trade to make. I think there's somebody to, for them to go and get who can give them a little scoring and and take a little bit of a load off of off of those other two. Yes. Would be, would be where my head's at. You know. You know you mentioned the guards thing. I forgot to mention this 'cause I was thinking about Halliburton. Sure. He's another one. Like well he take the throwback. I'm really interested to see what happens with Booker this season.


Mm. Coming off the Olympic experience and you know, and not great year by his standards and whether sometimes those guys play with all the great guys and you come outta the Olympics and you're just better. And I, I wonder if like a career year for him could be looming. So anyway, so you had Orlando, Indiana and Cleveland. Right. And Cleveland has stability which they did not have in the same way last year. Complete stability, like probably changed, Orlando Changed, got a taste. Yes. Yeah. Indiana has a year with aka That's the big thing And and some continuity for the most part they didn't do anything crazy. So which one of those three do you like the most? Most? I find myself kind of leaning indie and I think it's sort of the combination. I agree with you that upside swing wise Orlando is the most interesting.


I think it's the combination of, it could be Paolo or Franz who really makes a big leap at some point. Yeah. God forbid if both of them do that would put you in a completely different tier. Plus they have a lot of other interesting young players. Like there's a lot to like there and plenty of room to think they could get better. They also offensively could be the kind of team that falls into, it's a very different case than the kings because that was an offense, ver offense first version of Sacramento. But as teams are getting more and more used to how the magic play and the physicality of their defense and the limitations I think most importantly on offense, is there a solve there? Is there more a way to run them aground? I think that's possible. I think Orlando's still gonna be really good. Cleveland is probably the most stable baseline team, but I just don't see them getting a lot better.


Unless you really think Evan Mobley is, is ready to take that step. Otherwise it's the, The coach piece could change it, That could change it. But the Team is kind of what it is. Yeah. There's a little lineup flexibility and to, in the defense of their core guys, a lot of guys who can play multiple positions, which gives you some ability to toggle things around and make a rotation. That makes like a little bit more coach sense overall. But I think with Indie it's the combination of the full season of Siku, which is something we know. Like I, I feel like I have a good grasp of who Pascal Siku is as a player. What he can do for that team. What getting a training camp with him coming in knowing he's a part of everything we'll do for you. Healthy Hal Burton who wasn't healthy really for four months.


Months. Exactly. Healthy Tyree Halliburton. And then you have the mix of what you dunno, which is can Halliburton take that next step? What's next for Andrew Mhar or Ben Shepherd? Are they gonna get anything meaningful out of J Walker? A shepherd reference. Wow that was, that's stuck that in. What Am I here for? That's not and Shepherd the stock. I'm Ben Shepherd Express. I'm buying it. I'm drinking the Kool-Aid. Needless to say. Well off of what you said I have, I had a training camp storyline of this is one of my favorite. 'cause you went traditional with that. Like those three, let's let's mine their training camp. So who's gonna come out? One of my favorite early training camp storylines. Donovan Mitchell wanted to be in Cleveland all along.


Of course. Come on guys. This is where I always wanted to be. Then there was this article, I think of the Cleveland plane dealer. Mitchell thought about other possibilities. It would've been a disservice not to at least consider them, but he said his mind was made up early in 2024, either January or February. And when given an opportunity to reinforce those words, he yanked extension, blah blah blah. So his mind was made up either in January or February when two things happened. Brooklyn was an absolute dumpster fire that was option one. And the Knicks were becoming the most popular team in the city with Jalen Brunson as a top seven guy. And that option was out. Guess who was looking awesome. The Cleveland Cavaliers.


Yep. I love training camp. I'm gonna give you another one. Yeah. Here's another just classic. It's DeAngelo Russell pretending he's not gonna be shopped vigorously in two months season. I missed this. What did he say? I just got used to it. He said about trade rumors. Hopefully you'll know what you're gonna get from me. This is definitely a new feel new everything going on with the destruction, with JJ coming around and implementing what he's trying to do. It's changed the rhythm of things around here. My approach is just to stay steady. DeAngelo, I hope you're running, Hopefully you know what you're gonna get from me out of DeAngelo Russell's mouth. With all due respect, I do not. I do not.


DeAngelo maybe don't start looking at hoops hype around early December when the trade, when trade rumor season starts because you're not gonna be in the team in March. I'm sorry. Seem like a nice guy. I appreciated Zach Levine's approach to this too on Media day, which was, he kinda had this like big speech about, you know, if you ever need to hear something about my take, you're gonna hear it from me or my agent. We're gonna be super straightforward with you. Right. Also, whatever's in the past, I refuse to comment on it and we're not gonna mention it ever again. It never happened. Absolutely not. Do you hear me? What else do you have for training care story lens? This is where the asterisk comes back. I cannot stop worrying about the bucks. Mm.


I wanna believe I am a Gianni guy. I I think any team that has him on it is destined for a, a very hard floor. Like his effort level, his play, his dominance can absolutely take you so far. The fact that he said he and Dame did not have a chance to meet up at all this summer is both extremely understandable for a guy who played in the Olympics and also got married. I get it. It also does not make me feel any better about a team that does not seem me, will have Chris Middleton to start the season that already had like a work in progress feel as far as the chemistry of those guys. Yeah. And hasn't done anything in the off season to change the mix in a big way.


Right. They got seventh, eighth, and ninth men. Yeah. And they kind of tossed away their draft pick on a 19-year-old. Yeah, I had, I had as a, as a subset of that the Chris Middleton. Yeah. It's still, but but it's gonna be fine. It's all gonna be fine. It's all gonna be fine. It's October 1st guys. Is he playing? Oh, he's not out there yet. No, this doesn't sound fine. It's not great. And also he's old by NBA swingman standards. He has been really hurt every year since the 2021 finals. And I have real concerns that he's your shutdown guy against the Jason Tatums of the world As you should be. And this is the cross that I bear as someone who thinks Chris Middleton is very good.


Yeah. Is the idea of him being injured and out of the lineup. To me, I'm like, this is a vital part of this team and I am now freaked out by the depth chart when he's not out there. That's not where you wanna be with Chris at this stage Now and, and another training camp storyline is dame his head's. Right. Last year was the year from hell. A lot of personal stuff. Traded outta nowhere, didn't work out before the year. 'cause he was afraid he was gonna get hurt and Giannis gets hurt in the playoffs. Everything that went wrong could go wrong. Coach changed Terry Stotz. But now at the summer I worked out, I'm ready, I'm here. I'm ready to reclaim my throne. I don't know if it's true, but it sounded good.


I had a, I had a cousin of this speaking of old teams and I agree with you on Milwaukee and I'm probably more bullish on Milwaukee than most 'cause I, I just think Giannis is gonna be on a, just a psychotic tear this year. She's always awesome. You're be like, Giannis is psychotic. And I mean that in a positive way for the aggregators. Like psychotic, tic, psychotic, competitive, wanting to win, being a psycho about winning Gleefully, psychotic gleefully, Competitively psychotic. Jimmy Butler didn't get an extension over the off season, but it's fine. Yep. That's a good training camp storyline. It's fine. Didn't need the extension. It's fine.


I also have a cousin of this one, which is Jimmy Butler showed up without a perm and actually it worked on me. I'm buying serious Jimmy Butler showing up for Jimmy Business. Jimmy back. Yeah. He's not fucking around on photo day anymore. Abso Absolutely not fucking around. And I, I say this, yes, I realize I'm a Rube. I realize I'm playing right into Jimmy's elaborate plot and probably like a big face coffee marketing scheme in some way. Like I, I know I'm being had, but also Jimmy Butler, taking the regular season seriously is a massive fucking deal if it happens for the heat, right? 'cause that is enough. Like I know they can make the finals as a seventh seed, but you should not try to do that every year. Right? You should actually try to win games and get into the middle of the east.


And there's a reason I didn't even talk about them in that Orlando, Cleveland, Indiana mix is I don't entirely know that they deserve it, but also I feel myself buying back into what they're selling. Well and they also did the thing where they're like, we don't know what our roster's gonna be in February and we're not gonna, we're not gonna kill ourselves figuring it out now. We'll see how it goes. Yeah. Which I thought kind of the Knicks were doing and then all of a sudden they're training for talents. But I think they looked around and they were probably intrigued by a bunch of different things. I'm sure they kicked the tires on marketing. I'm sure they kicked the tires on, at least had a meeting about Zach Levine. Sure. Right. I'm sure they at least had a meeting about any guy making over $30 billion who was available. But ultimately they kept their flexibility.


We'll see with Hero I think. Yeah. I don't know what the trade value, they kind of really needed him to be a trade value guy and they almost were able to get him in a dame deal and maybe got a little too aggressive with it. But they kind of need him to be really good this year either for them or as a trade piece. And that's kinda related to the Jimmy thing too. I think those are really the only guys, as far as upside goes, they can get Miami to like over the hump of mediocrity on offense. That's a team that's really struggled to create shots. Jimmy is a guy who can get to the line consistently. One of the only players on the team that can do that. He also has like the low hanging fruit of the cuts and the fast breaks that can, that can juice the numbers a little bit.


Hiro just has to, he has to be flat better than he's been. Yeah, I think, I think Bam is kind of reaching who he can be and who he is as a player. I don't expect anything dramatically different from him. Different. They need something dramatically different from Tyler Hero. So you're not gonna write the bam is expanding his offense in an effort to grow the heat. But it's the same thing every year with bam. I was just gonna do like a 3000 word Haywood Highsmith feature, but if you wanna bet that we can talk about posted Joel Embiid, we mentioned him earlier. He was talking about how he lost weight and he said, I still got a ways to go, still wanna lose some more. We gotta do whatever it takes to make sure that in the postseason I'm healthy. There's no agenda. No all star, no all NBA.


I'm just gonna let that sit there for a second. So Joel is basically saying the postseason is now what matters. Alright. Better late than ever. He's 30 years old, but maybe he gets it. I don't know. What were you, what what would you take? This is where, you know what my instinct is to say Maybe, you should have cared about those things previously. Oh Yeah. You think so, doctor? I, look, that's my instinct. I'm trying, I'm I'm trying to grow, I'm trying to be a bigger person to be positive. Yeah. I'm trying to be positive. And I think what you're supposed to do is encourage positive behaviors right? When they happen around you. Not point out, oh, you're the guy who shows up late all the time.


I'm so glad you're here. Joel Abid. Right? I'm so glad that you are here in this way, in this fashion. I genuinely hope that whatever body transformation you say you have had it, it suits you and works well. And I hope this whole season goes brilliantly. We all would love to see Joel em beat in an actual competitive high level playoff series or just runs start to finish. I think that's something that we're all waiting for. Waiting for. So for the sake of wanting to believe in the change, I, I'm here, I'm, I'm here for you Joel. I'm believing I I'm, I'm choosing to, to buy into this. I agree. I was on the record as I cannot take him seriously as the best guy on a team that wins four straight playoff rounds until he shows up for a season in shape and understands that it's a nine month run.


It seems like we've checked the first box, so congrats to him. We can skip over the training camp storyline of, we want Brandon Ingram here in New Orleans, which I'm sure is gonna be said by somebody over at some point. And there's probably, it's gonna be like a hostage video JJ coaching LeBron and his son. This won't be weird at all. That's another storyline. No, it's gonna be, it's gonna be cool. It's not gonna be a circus in any way, shape or form. What is, what is your competitive history with your son? Do you play sports together against each other? Like, what is the dynamic between you? You, He started playing tennis this year and, and I was like, you'll never beat me.


I'll have to like be in a wheelchair or using a walker for you to beat me. And he's like, I will beat you by the time I'm 18. And he also thinks he, he, when he was 10, he thought he could beat me in a fight. So I would say super competitive In know fight. Yeah. He, he said UFC right now. He, he would tap me out in a minute. Yeah, it's competitive. Wow. So I don't know how that with LeBron and his son, I don't know how that goes with that, but I would assume the son's just trying to take it to him at all times. Like how, what, that's what sons do with dads. It's the the best part about being a son. Yeah. Is lighten up your dad throwing him under the bus. Airing out. Airing out. Yeah. Making fun of him.


Absolutely. Airing out exactly how lame he is. I think the, the key here is that all of the bronze like eccentricities are out there. You know, like how, how much is Brody gonna tell us or tell his teammates or tell anyone within their organization about, oh, here's this crazy thing my dad did. They're like, yeah, he, he put that on Instagram. I saw it like we all know about it. My son would definitely do that to me. There's no question. The whole situation is very strange. I think it will be aided only by the fact that Bronny is not in a position right now to threaten by merit to play NBA minutes. Will he play anyway? I guess we'll see, I I I suspect they're gonna get out the, let's put him on the floor together, have the moment kind of thing.


Relatively Early. Get outta early, put him in the G League. Yeah. So The, the question stop coming, it's gonna get more awkward if Bronny is actually like a part of this thing in a, in a real way where whether he's shoehorned into that role, whether he lights it up in the G league or, or ex like succeeds so much as a pressure defender and the Lakers need exactly that. That's when it gets weird. I I think they're almost helped right now by the fact that no one is really expecting that much of Bronny. He's either two years away or two years away from being two years away. But I I, I just don't see how he's gonna play in a rotation for a team that's trying to make the playoffs. That seems inconceivable to me. He does Not. But we'll see, appear to be that for, for a bunch of reasons.


I think honestly, even though the defense is kind of the strength right now, I think even that needs a ton of work as it often does for rookie guards coming into the league. Any more training camp storylines? Honestly, those are the big ones for me. Yeah, those big. Anything else dangling out there Celtics? It's, it's all fine. The Tatum's Tatum's heads in the right place then there's gonna be some story in November about how he had to fix his shot and he couldn't remember how to shoot it anymore and Drew Hanlin fixed it. That that'll happen in like November. Yeah. Hitch in a shot. How Do you feel about the, the relative ironing out of the zapruder footage of Jason Tatum's jumper? You saw the hitch, right? Oh, it was there like yeah. Yeah. There I was on a lot of text threads over the summer from how he shot in rookie year, sophomore year for the Celtics versus whatever that stop hitch thing he was doing in the Olympics.


And I think he got rid of it. Sometimes it happens, it happens in tennis, throwing a baseball golf people. Although all of a sudden their swing gets fucked up. They don't know what happens. So I think, I think that's what happened. We'll see if I honestly, Jalen Brown shaving his beard was the biggest conversation piece for the cel for the Celtic fans of my life. Really? Yeah. It shook you up because he was, he had really grown it out and then all of a sudden he went back to like 2019 Jalen. So I was surprised by that. What Does that say about him, do you think? Like where is he mentally that he's shaving the beard? I thought, you know what that told me, my new girlfriend doesn't like my beard and it, and it scratches her face and she asked me to shave it. Yeah, that's what it told me. That's a Spirit of compromise. We can support it Before we go, you wrote about Mutombo for The Ringer.


Yeah. A really beloved, beloved. Beloved. On and off the court guy. And it was the case when he played. He was certainly like going to games in the nineties and the two thousands, somebody that just stood out on the court, which is pretty rare when you have a bunch of super tall guys. There's something different about how he carried himself and his style was so unique where he was like this cross of, I don't know, like what Mark Eaton blocking shots in the eighties, but way better and way more athletic, but also had like a little bit of an offensive game. And it seemed conceivable in 2001. This was the one guy that might be able to slow down Shaq at his peak, peak peak.


And then Shaq just was like, no, not even this guy's stopping me. Didn't have as many playoff moments as I probably would've liked. Yeah. Went to Atlanta. But Some immortal ones like the Denver one, if you're gonna have a moment, that's the one you want. I think the, the regret I have with his career was switching from Denver to Atlanta. I think it's just more fun if he stays in Denver, goes to Atlanta, you know, whatever. It was just weird. I don't, I don't really have fond memories of those Atlanta teams, but what happened to him with Houston when Darrell latched onto him and he is part of like that 20 10, 22 game winning streak team and he became one of these early advanced metrics guys where people are like, hey, when Mutombo is in all of these good things happen, even if like he barely shoots anyway, he lasts two decades and then has just an incredible impact in the league itself and was just beloved.


What, when you were writing about it, what were the things that jumped out to you? I mean, for one, I think the fact that he was a four-time defensive player of the year winner who was left off the NBA 75 team, I don't feel great about. And I think plus if you zoom out in like how do we tell the story of basketball history in these modern eras? I think Tombe Mabo is a big part of it. I think the finger wag iconography is such a huge thing. Yeah. I think the fact that he was a part of a lot of, if not highly successful winning and very memorable teams, that kind of stuff does matter. Yeah. And, and ultimately I think what you're alluding to with like the on off stuff and like what those kinds of numbers capture with a player like him is, he's intimidating as hell even when he was like pushing 40 guys were afraid to challenge him because he was such a successful shot blocker because he was gonna let you know all about it afterwards.


And I think that the contrast of warm and fuzzy like big laughing de kimbe mutombo who is just like one of, I think the foremost like charitable forces that the modern NBA has seen in terms of the work he's done around the world and in Africa specifically contrasted with like, this guy's also like an asshole who's laughing in your face on the court. Right? Those are the sorts of contrasts that always endear PA player to me. And I think with, with Mutombo, there's just so much to like, and there's so many, so many stages of his career and his life you could latch onto and say like, for you, it's not the hawks. There's someone out there for whom they see that they, when they think of Mutombo, they think of him with that broad picture of the hawk across the front of the jersey.


Right. And I, I love that he can mean so many different things to so many different people. Well there was also three, three other pieces with him. The voice, which everyone imitated, which course was just one of the iconic sports voices. Everyone did it. Then the subset of that was the inside the NBA guys. They just loved him. Oh yeah, Barkley Barkley had so much joy they would always get so much mutombo material. But, but from an unintentional comedy standpoint, in a good way, his, I felt like he was the pioneer of the slam dunk contest reactions. Oh Yeah. He was the first one when they would cut to and, and whatever his reaction was was always the best one. And then I felt like for the next 20 years it was everybody doing a mutombo reaction.


But his were completely genuine. He had a million of them and it was, it really became one of the funniest parts of the slam dunk contest was him going nuts, him holding his head, him him with his thing, him turning around in complete disbelief. And I don't know, he just, I I don't, there's not many guys who had a higher approval rate than them. There's nobody was like, fuck Mutombo. Like everybody, everybody loved that guy. And then after he retired was a really important NBA guy. Yes. Behind the scenes I think really beloved and had a huge, huge, huge impact and did so much charitable stuff and everybody really liked him. I think, I think it says a lot that even the guys of his era who he had like ostensible rivalries with or was, was blocking or they were trying to dunk on him.


Yeah. It was just like a running bit. Like there's the legendary clip of him bragging to to Jordan that he'd never dunked on him before and Jordan getting him and finger wagging in his face. And there's, you could, there's similar things as you said with with Mutombo and Shaq, like with all of these greats of his era. He was like a counterpoint and at some point in their careers and some point in one of the fun things writing the obit was figuring out like all the players that he had blocked over the course of his career. And when you play as long as he has, it's like you've blocked Jordan and LeBron. Yeah. Up until Chris Paul up until some guys who were drafted even a little later than that who are current or or will be all time great players and he's blocked all those guys. Yeah. I remember when I was trying to do my book, I didn't have him in the pyramid and he came close but I, I just didn't have him and it came down to the all MBA stuff.


Yeah. And the lack of really only being on that one finals team, which he got traded into halfway during the season. With that said, they just had bad luck that year because they go against the O one Lakers who were one of the four or five greatest playoff teams of all time. I think if they had caught the O2 Lakers, they might have actually been able to steal a series from them. But oh one, nobody was beating that team and they even, they got one game off them in overtime, but it's just that that Kobe and Shaq together that year was just unstoppable. So that was his one chance and then it didn't happen anyway. And, And even then, like the interviews with him after the fact seemed like he felt pretty good about how they did. You know, it's, it's not like he's hanging his head.


It's like you ran into what was kind of an unstoppable juggernaut. You stole a game, you like acclimated yourself well, you can go home and be proud with what you did At the end of the day, I think Mutombo has always been one of these guys who has had very clear perspective on what matters and what matters to him is competing and playing hard and embarrassing these guys. It's also like you gotta live a full rich life and benefit your community and the people around you. And he's always been great about that. Alright, check out that piece that Rob wrote on The Ringer dot com and you can hear Rob on The Ringer BA show and on the Prestige TV podcast Breaking down Slow Horses with Carl Anthony Towns Season five. We'll see how that goes. Good to see you Rob. Thanks Bill.


This episode is brought to you by Comedy Central's the Daily Show. Not all elections are created equal. Some are much, much worse than others. The political climate is getting hotter and hotter, but John Stewart and the Daily Show are barely breaking a sweat as they make sense of political nonsense every weeknight. Comedy Central's the Daily Show continuing 2024 election coverage with John Stewart. Mondays at 11 and every weeknight at 11 on Comedy Central.


This episode is brought to you by In Power. You got money questions like, can I retire early? What are my best savings options? Can I afford to pay for my kids' education? Luckily Empower has all the answers. With empower's realtime dashboard and real live conversations, you get clarity on your real life financial goals. So join 18 million Americans and Empower what's next? Start today@empower.com. Tap the banner or visit this episode's page to learn more. Sponsored by Empower, not an endorsement or a statement of satisfaction by a client.


This episode is brought to you by Robinhood with Robinhood Gold. You don't need a silver spoon to eat up the financial favors of the 1%. Robinhood Gold allows others to get the rates and perks usually reserved for the high society. And now the resourceful individual with Robinhood Gold can earn the very liberal rate, a 4.5% a PY on uninvested cash. you can receive unlimited 1% deposit bonuses and you can be rewarded with a handsome 3% retirement boost on an IRA account. Robinhood Gold provides the privileges of a high net worth for any net worth. These generous benefits are now available for only five per month. The new Gold standard is here with Robinhood Gold. Sign up at Robinhood dot com slash gold terms apply for product specific disclosures. Visit Robinhood dot com slash gold Investing involves risk rate may change. Gold membership is offered by Robinhood Gold LLC.


Alright, the hardest work advantage show businesses here, Anthony Dund. We're in the Dund Equinox right now. We explain what the dund equinoxes. Yeah, I mean the three sports I follow most closely with baseball and soccer and, and the NFL all kind of converging in a two month period of September and October where there's just way too much going on and way too much time staring at screens. But I'm enjoying it. It's a hectic Tuesday afternoon and the baseball playoffs are here, Right? We're taping this October. Yeah, we're taping this during it's two o'clock Pacific time. So baseball players are happening right now. We're gonna talk about them at the tail end and and steer it more toward a futures conversation. I wanted to talk football quarter mark storylines, trends, gambling, stuff that you're staring at.


Coming off of a pretty goofy week four. Although last night, so last night since we Sal and I taped the pod, we learned that Miami is now a bottom three worst team in the league. We learned that Detroit's offense is, the rumors of its demise were greatly exaggerated. Their defense didn't look as good as maybe we were thinking of Seattle 38 first ounce. But I just, I gotta throw Miami at you before we do the trends and stuff. So people were saying how, see how important Tua is? I thought Miami sucked before he got injured. They shouldn't have beaten Jacksonville. They had three points against Buffalo and were getting waxed in that game when he went out.


And I think this would've happened to them either way this season. I don't, I don't think they're a playoff team. I don't think they were. They were a good team and I think those alt unders after week two when it was like under seven and a half was like plus three 50 or maybe under six and half was. But this is one of the four worst teams in the league. In league. I'm really mad I didn't get in on those futures. What'd you think of Miami last night? You know, I think we all kind of looked back and had selective memory about what Tyler Huntley was in Baltimore, right? I mean those, those Baltimore teams like had elite defenses and kind of just ran the ball a bunch and he could kind of do some of the stuff Lamar did, but it wasn't like they were in shootouts or scoring a lot of points.


And so I was surprised that the, I, I think he's probably better than Thompson, but I mean let, let's be honest, we're dealing with backups who were not backup level players. Like Huntley got cut at a training camp for a reason. So I think when you look at this Miami offense, it had already started to fall off before the end of last season. Yeah. And teams had started to figure them out a little bit and there were some warning signs early. I think they probably would've been around 10th or 12th offensively even with Tua. But I mean we're not going from Tua to just like average backup. We're going from true, true, true Tua to unplayable quarterbacks Defense is worse. Offensive line is already in shambles.


And then so Mike Lombardi calls the calls Mike McDaniel the disc jockey. 'cause he is, like he said, he's just playing just spinning discs with no, no rhyme or reason. He's just having a house party. He was so bad last night with Huntley and just whatever the hell game playing he had against Tennessee. And you think about it in contrast to LeFlore in Green Bay with Malik Willis where it's like, oh fuck, we got Malik Willis. He just showed up for the team three weeks ago. All right, well let's try to figure out how we can win with this guy. And they completely changed our offense. He just did it. I don't know what Miami's offense was yesterday, but that, that was really, really awful. And I don't, I just don't see a path for them. I don't see a path where they're one of the seven a FC playoff teams.


Well I mean the big, the big question mark is what is to his health situation? We have no idea. Isn't he? He's out until at least week eight. Right? Right. And by then, is it even worth if they're one in six, one in seven, two in six, yeah. Like is it even worth bringing him back if they're out of the race? I would say no. I mean then there's the whole question about like whether Tua should even play again. That obviously that's not for us to decide, but the dolphins are in a weird spot where their season could well be over by the time they bring back their quarterback that's had four concussions in two years And their PAC committed to him and waddle and Tyreek So. It's not like they can trade anyone. Trade deadline like the Raiders are in a pretty good spot with the artist formerly known as Devonte Adams, where it's actually pretty favorable for them to trade them.


It's just like, if you look at all the advanced metrics from the last five years, you're trading for somebody who's clearly been worse year by year. We'll see what happens. Okay. Give us, give us your big, your big trends. You, this is, you're like a midweek guy. You love, you love getting in early on some bets. You've had some success in that Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday range. So what, what are you noticing as we head toward week five? This is the first week with the bi weeks we've gotten everybody, we have enough sample size for the data. Give us, give us four things that you care about right now. Yeah. Well your Super Bowl protect preseason was Texans lines, right? Yeah. I'm I'm about to close the door on that one.


I think I, I Wouldn't give up but I think it's funny that the more things change, the more things stay the same for both teams. I mean they look exactly the same as last year. Detroit's offense figured out some red zone stuff last night, bullied a, a shorthanded Seattle team, good call by you there. But their defense still looks super flawed. I mean every competent quarterback they played last year kind of moved the ball on them, right? And you know, Gino played out of his mind, right? But it's kind of the same trend and they're playing this aggressive man defense and Arnold gets flagged every third play. They can't really seem to cover anybody. So are we not just gonna have the same lions conversation between now and January like that?


That's the question to me. And then with Houston, it's the same thing where their offense is just hope CJ Stroud can play hero ball and and bail us out on the late downs. Because right now the success rate buy down their 27th on early downs first and second. And there's been a huge change in how teams are playing them this year. Last year they faced cover two, the 27th highest rate in the league this year, first in Jacksonville last week, who got torched by Buffalo playing all man on Monday night, completely switched their defense and played all cover two. And Stroud had success moving the ball. But you look at the second half and all of a sudden they're punting every drive until the last one. So things are weird with the Houston offense.


That's the red flag for me is second half rolls around it. All of a sudden they couldn't move the ball anymore. I think until that last drive, which was the last three minutes of the game, they weren't doing jack shit houseman at this point, a ringer gambling show. How much of that is they thought they had mixing as this huge part power running back that was gonna change the complexity of their team. And now they just don't have a guy like that. That might be part of it. Tank Dell, I don't think he played in the last game, or if he did, he certainly didn't do anything. But I think he was hurt. I I feel like that team is not where they're gonna be six, seven weeks ago. Six, seven weeks from now. The lions though, I thought the defense like Gino shredded them and it's either Detroit state isn't as good as we thought, or maybe we just have to admit defeat with Gino.


And he's just one of like the best head quarterbacks of the week. How many times can he do this? And how many times can he make big plays down from behind in the fourth quarter? Like the guy just fucking make plays at some point. You gotta hand it to him. No offensive line either. I mean, all right, all you hear about is how bad the o line is and he's throwing it down the field. I mean he, he's one of the few guys who still throws down the field. And I, I think that's another part of like the second trend which we'll get into is like, nobody throws down the field anymore. I know quarterbacks like everything's underneath. Check down, check down, check down. It's like NFL games are being played in phone booths and Gino is finally being the guy that's like, you know, he has three great receivers, but, and, and a good running back. But th this offense is so electric to watch.


It's rare. You see a quarterback, Jared Goff completes a hundred percent of his passes and wasn't the better quarterback in the game. Right. Well you mentioned that downfield thing. So I think about this all the time with the Patriots having to sit through their games. 'cause we have a quarterback that can't throw the ball down the field, right? And the, and the other team realizes that and they just move people up and they play all the bubble screens and short routes and it becomes really hard if you are a team that's just, you know, you don't really know where you are. Like even Miami last night, what's wrong with just chucking it? Downfield at Tariq like, I don't know, twice a quarter soon me get a pass interference. I thought the Colts did that really effectively with the Steelers. There was just a couple times where they took chances, they took a chance on the first play of the game.


But I actually would think there's so much more upside to whipping the ball down field versus like this short thinking dunk stuff. I don't really understand it. I it feels like everybody's operating outta fear these days. Everybody's afraid to turn it over. 'cause that's what makes the headlines Right. And the offensive coordinator's afraid of doing something dumb. But you, you're just so much more like everyone's infa with all this motion stuff too. That's another thing. And they would just much rather call a play where the receiver's sprinting and gets like a quick pass and he gets to run after the catch versus just like whipping it downfield with them. It that like, I really liked when the chiefs just said fuck it, threw it to worthy, you know, just, just chucked it down for 'em.


It's like, yeah, that's what you should do the guy's fast. What's your next trend? Well, so that's the thing. Underdogs are killing it, right? So underdogs of five and a half or more are 17 four and one wow against the spread. And they're winning 11 outta 22 of won straight up. And of course everybody's survivor pools are dead. You, you and s at their favorite teasers. They keep losing and, and everybody's like, what is going on? How is this happening? Well 2003 is the last time that pass yards per game were this low. And that is combined with also having the highest completion rate in the history of the NFL. So it's the, it's exactly what we just talked about. Everything doesn't Even make that doesn't make sense. Just everybody's like, let's go d and dunk and that's the future of the league. But I don't think that's the future. But it shorten shortens the game, right?


So there's longer possession. Ah, So every possession takes a little longer 'cause you're, you're having these 10 play 48 yard drives that takes six minutes, that end with a 52 yard field goal and then the, the, the game gets shortened. There's fewer possessions. So the number of drives per game is down and So it. Like I said earlier, it's like playing NFL games in a phone booth. Nobody gets big plays. Nobody converts in the red zone anymore. And every game is just like between the thirties trading field goal kicks. Occasionally you get a touchdown. But if, if the scoring environment is gonna play like this, it absolutely favors the dogs to just stay close. Especially when the dog is down six and they're plus six and a half the favorite.


It never puts the game away. It's always a salt the game away drive. They get just enough first downs. And so you're seeing all these underdogs do really well because every game is, it's harder to separate and until last night with the lions putting on like a red zone clinic, even Detroit was struggling in the red zone and struggling to separate from these inferior teams. Well and I would say there's one more piece of that and I think about this with my man Doug Peterson who is just putting on a clinic this season the, from a game management standpoint, but I, I think he peaked when he had the lead in the Houston game and it's first down to golf from the four and they just do nothing for three plays. Fourth and four goes for it.


He's up three, there's only like 16 minutes left and does this QB draw play that you could have guessed like if you had two seconds to think about it and they get stuff. But it seems like a lot of dumb game management this year. Like more than usual, this feels like the year that the analytics and go for it and be aggressive has just parted ways with what makes sense to actually do during a game. And the whole point of like, I'd rather be up six against Houston. Like cool, what's going in the fourth quarter up sixth? They gotta score a touchdown and beat us. I just, I don't understand why everybody is so aggressive with offenses that aren't good. It's fine to be aggressive if you're the lions don't be aggressive if you're the Jaguars and you're, and you're already incompetent, you know?


Yeah it's, it's, I think it does come down to the red zone stuff like certain offenses are just executing better and you know red zone stuff tends to be noisy but this is a multiple year issue for Jacksonville in the red zone and so they keep donating points. The thing is you go up six then Houston gets more aggressive anyway. They probably still come down and win the game. But yeah, I mean it's been a big topic of conversation here in Philly 'cause Sirianni did take the points and then his defense got torched in mon in that Monday night game week too. So it's kind of, you damned if you do, you're damned if you don't in some senses. But I just don't know how this changes. And I know people are joking about like banning certain coverages and all that stuff's ridiculous. I just don't know what the next iteration is. And I'm fascinated to find out how the passing game changes going forward.


What if, what if we had a role you could only have three successful field goals during a game. I was thinking about this. That's a fun one's Who, who's no Four downs. Who's like, no we need more field goals. No we need more like just like that's it. You had your three, we don't get to see your kicker again now. And then it would be strategic about when to use them. And it's like, well they gotta save their last field goal for the end of the game. You can't use it here so you gotta go for it. I'm concerned about the kicking game. I mean this is September. Football kicking is a lot easier. I mean if kicking gets harder in November and December, then what are we gonna do for points? I mean every game's gonna end in the t in the tens, you know. That's a good point. It's a scary proposition going forward. And usually offenses have the edge early in the season.


Better weather, there's fewer injuries so that, you know, you're not down to your backup offensive players. Although this year not as much. But the defenses tend to gain an advantage as you go later in the season. That doesn't seem like that trends well for how this league's gonna look in November and December. No, it's trends well for Baltimore and that there's certain teams that you can already tell are gonna be good January teams. Now B Baltimore is the Lamar thing. But those physical bigger teams versus like, I dunno, we'll see with Washington. Washington feels like a classic. They're gonna look great in September, October. But then can you play this way when we get to, you had some see, I mean some of the stats with Washington's offense, those last two weeks, like all time crazy and I don't know, do you think it's sustainable?


Where'd you land on it? I have, I mean if you look up the history of Cliff Kingsbury coach teams in the NFL in the second half of the season. Yeah it is alarming. Good example, right? That's The scary part for me. That's where I'm like, you know what? Let's wait also, let's wait. I think this week will be a good test for them. Cleveland plays a much more aggressive defense. They're not as good as they Were last year. Mean everyone's gonna be on Washington. We you mean house for Texan Batt? This is like the classic, classic everyone on Washington game. Absolutely. But their their serious success rate, like just converting first down, first down, first down, first down. They're number one in the league by like three or 4% now. Which is pretty wild. Yeah. What's, what's your last trend Chief? Second half unders are a back and better than ever.


And I think it's like the most under-discussed betting thing because everybody does betting content now, right? Trends this, trends that Mahomes when he is an underdog, mahome when he is a small favorite Andy Reid off the buy. Like you've heard all those trends. The chiefs last year in the second half they played 21 games, 18 of them went under the second half spread. Wow. And a lot of them weren't even close. And it's not necessarily, I mean it's, it's Steve Pola every time they need a third down stop, they have a play designed to, to seemingly get the best result. And I think there's also a little bit of like an aura element where other teams kind of just shit the bed when they get in those spots again, they're like, oh shit, we got the chiefs. Right? Like even if we score like, oh we gotta get past Mahomes and oh we just ran a third and goal end around and it didn't work and now it's fourth in goal and they're bringing the house and we panic.


And so all of these things happen and the first two games of the year they went over. But now the last two games, they've allowed three total second half points against the Fcon. Wow. And the Chargers last season they allowed five or this season they're allowing five and a half points per game in the second half. Last season it was six and change. So it's just like, I'm just gonna keep betting 'em every week and this week again, I think they'll, they'll struggle offensively to get explosive without rice, without pacheco and just have to grind everybody down. It's so funny how the same trends are the same trends and we always pretend they're not gonna be the same trends. Like, oh well we're underdogs this week they were like 11 and five, 11 and five, Something like that.


Right? So underdogs are you just, if you're a ppo, just pick the underdogs every week. You're doing great. You're probably like in the top five of that ppo. But yet we look at the, we're like, oh well no I don't wanna, I can't take that dog. That would be terrible. And then you talk yourself out of this stuff. Another one is like that, the bet Sal loves Steelers lose the first half win the game. I think that's already won twice in four weeks. Almost hit a third time. It Almost hit a third time. Fit the snap hit fields of the face mask. But that'll hit at least three more times during the season. I actually really liked that first half game bet we, that was the only one we hit on million dollar picks this week with the Lion's first half game where you're basically, it's a parlay, but the parlay makes sense with the other part of the parlay, right?


And if you going into a, like I went to that Lion's game thinking, I think they're gonna run the ball, establish some sort of dominance, take the lead and then maybe Gino comes back in them second half. I don't know. But I feel like that's how the game's gonna go. I'd rather bet on that than Lions minus one 90 or whatever it was. But are you a believer in those bets or does that, am I a dumb ass? Certain teams are certainly correlated, like the lions are usually good on the script, right? So like early in the game, Johnson's got something cooked up. Yeah. For the first quarter. The Cowboys are interesting from the opposite perspective where they're so bad playing from behind because they're so light up front, right? And they're so built to pass rush that maybe Dallas is a team where like first half outcome is even more correlated to the full game than most teams.


Interesting. What, looking ahead to week five, was there anything that jumped out to you from an Oh no, that that the public, the sniff, the scent of the public is just all over that one. 'cause my, my first instinct was nobody has taken Cleveland and I'm sure they're gonna cover somehow. Yeah, well we do paper chasers on Friday in the game. Yeah. And I already told Austin Gale, one of the games I will be taking this week is Cleveland and Washington. And look, I might look stupid on, on Sunday when Deshaun throws another stinker up there. But the Washington commanders are the worst defense in the NFL and they're laying three and a half and the, the brows defense isn't what it was, but it's still a good enough unit and they're gonna give different looks then the very, very passive cardinals and very, very passive Bengals did.


Yeah. I think this will be more of a challenge for Daniels than the last couple weeks have been super Excited crowd. Meanwhile, like there were some kind of shocking Deshaun stats from week four that I wasn't that like some of, there was one advanced thing I read where he was like the number two quarterback in week four by a bunch of different metrics and had Cooper dropped a touchdown on him. There was another one where he had a long touchdown, but he got called back from a pretty dubious hold. But I, I wa I just watch him now glass half empty and I, he was probably better in that game, which I watched. I had it on one of the TVs. But I just, so as I'm always assuming he's gonna do something stupid at this point. But he was pretty good in that game.


The, the, the biggest concern I have is that the Browns are gonna sabotage him. Like the other players know he stinks and they're like concerned that they want to get him out. So they're like, that's quite quitting on him. But alligator Arms, yeah, I mean it didn't look as bad last week and now he gets to face the worst defense. We're secondary in the NFL. Are you a bet on a game with two bad teams guy? 'cause I am not, It depends like, Like Austin doing that on paper chasers, I was getting so mad. I was like, why are you going near this game? This is like, you might as well go go to roulette and bet on black or red. Like there's no rhyme or reason to this. Yeah. Dolphins, patriots like that will not have, That's the one this week. Pats minus minus one and a half dolphins Not have any money or action on that game. Absolutely. Stay away. Just stay away. There's no upside.


Patriots are favored, which I I don't think you expected Patriots to be laying points too often this year Probably is gonna be the last time we haven't had, I was talking to somebody, we haven't had a quarterback as bad as Brissette since Mark Wilson who was born, who was playing probably 10 years before you were born in the late eighties. He was this former Raiders guy. We got him in, he started like five, six games and he was just horrible. And Brist seems like a great guy, but he can't move and he can't throw the ball deep. And he's the, he has to be the easiest guy to game plan against at any in the, in the league. It's like, just keep sending the house. Don't worry about him throwing over the top.


He'll never be able to do it. And all he's gonna do is throw check down shit. And that's it. Like I feel bad for him. I think he's in a bad spot. You know, he had good numbers the last couple years when he came in in much more dynamic of offenses. Yeah. Like he, he's got no, I mean, like you said, he is, he is kind of a statue back there and their offensive line was bad to start and then they got all got injured right in the last two weeks. It's like they have no chance. So I, I mean I I think he would've, you know, he got a hard shake out of it and it's difficult, but they need to get somebody more dynamic back there. And maybe, I don't think it'll be this week, but maybe next week. It's a, it's the most polarizing Boston sports conversation right now. The Drake May thing, people are now in two camps and if you think he should play, you're, you're basically supporting like elder abuse and, and name, name seven other terrible things.


It's like you're, you're gonna ruin his career. It's turned into that and I don't, I just can't, it's really gonna be hard to watch Jacobi for 10 more weeks. You know, it's not gonna be hard is the baseball playoffs, which as they're happening right now, who's winning the game? That that right now is the, the the oh the Astros bottom of the ninth. Okay. That was Rallying. You were telling House and I to, to just short the Tigers and Royals the two fake playoff teams and now all of a sudden we've done one nothing. They're Both winning. Your big future take is the San Diego Padres plus five 50 to win the National League. Now we're taping this before the games tonight, but what is your Padres case? Yeah, so I mean I'm, me and everybody else, everybody's on the Padres bandwagon.


So it, they're So. it does feel a little a little public. But I mean since the trade deadline, AJ Perler is the general manager of the Padres and he is the most aggressive general manager in the sport. And because they're so good at scouting, they just constantly have a good farm system that people wanna buy their prospects. And so yeah, they just keep selling the farm and then replenishing the farm and then going all in. He just keeps doubling down. He is kind of on tilt at the blackjack table and this year I think he's actually put together the best team. Wow. And it might actually work because they made the big Soto move two years ago, but their pitching was pretty bad and they got exposed by the Phillies in the playoffs that year. And then this last year they had a huge payroll but there was some locker room stuff going on.


Yeah, it didn't quite come together. And this year they have since the trade deadline, the number one bolt pen in terms of quality of stuff. They're top three in ERA and they got a really friendly draw here because of all the chaos on Monday. The Braves are pitching AJ Smith Chave and Bryce Elder on Tuesday night. And look, it's baseball, it's one game, three game series. They could still win. But Smiths Chaves pitched four innings in the big leagues this year. Oof. His only playoff career outing was last year in Philly. He gave up three straight homers, like he's 21 years old and they had, they don't have a bullpen behind him. So the Braves who would've been really tough with Chris sale and Spencer Schach and Max Free now it's like they have nobody left for this first game.


So the Padre's got an edge there. And then if they get to the weekend, which if you know the chalk holds, we could get Mets or if, if the teams I'm hoping win, we could get Mets Phillies, we could get Padres Dodgers and we could get Yankees Orioles this weekend. That's a pretty awesome round of series. But Padres Dodgers, the Padres won the season series with the Dodgers. And the Dodgers starting pitching has fallen apart. Yeah. I mean they every year have the same problem. Glass now is done for the year. Of course Tani's not pitching and they were hoping to get Kershaw right. But that doesn't look like that's happening. And so they have two guys, Yamamoto and Flaherty and after that it could be a couple of rookies starting at the back end of their rotation.


Like they just don't have the depth. Padre's got two of their starters back in September that look pretty good. Darvish and Musgrove so Well they also play the Dodgers all the time like that. Nobody's less afraid in baseball. The team that's in your division that you've been playing forever. I have Dodger fans in my life who are terrified of the pad race. They're like, they, they're like, we're just, they're just not afraid of us anymore. The Red Sox got to this point 20 years ago in oh three and oh four with the Yankees where the Yankees had this mystique, but we were just playing them every year for a million games and at some point Rivera stopped being as scary as he was probably. if you weren't seeing him as much. Who do you talk, who do you talk baseball with as one of the only 27 and under baseball fans on the planet?


Like is there some sort of Reddit board where you guys all exist? What happens? Well if it's Philly's baseball, I talk about it on the Philly special with she cap padia, you know, shameless plug right there. Are There, are there other young baseball fans on the, on the east coast or is it just you? Oh yeah, what happens for sure. I mean, you know, it's very regional like you know this and, and so like when I talk shit on on My, but you actually know everything about the, all the teams. Most people at this point baseball's turned into you only know what's going on with your team with some exceptions. Yeah, I mean at this point it's, you know, you check in with people you, you know, you're like, how's your team doing? All right, we're doing well. Oh, I see you're Coming up on the Philly schedule. Like the Yankees are coming to town. Like what are we thinking of Gary Cole, you know, how's he feeling this week?


But you know, there's still a, a good number of people, especially those of us who bet on sports 'cause like we're in the minutia all summer and doing that. So I talk with those people a lot and yeah, there there's more 20 something ba I'm in a 16 Team dynasty fantasy league that has like minor league rosters and so those people are like the most hardo baseball fans you'll ever meet. Like more than I am. Yeah. And so that league kind of keeps me going through the summer. I'm in an AAL keeper league, which same thing I know every, I know all the guys in the aal. I just don't, I couldn't tell you one NL thing that's going on. How many, how many tigers could you name? Oh man. I mean we had Joe Flaherty got traded to the Dodgers.


We have, what's his name? Henry Malloy. We had him, we had their catcher, Jake Rogers, you know And 1 92. Yeah, yeah. Wasn't very good. That mean, that was one of the reasons we finished the last place. But yeah, that, that baseball, I was talking to somebody about this this week. I really think they should split season. It would be my recommendation if they brought me in. How would that work? I would just have 2 75 game seasons and if you were able to win your division or whatever, maybe it's two divisions, not three, however works, but some sort of stakes for the first 75 and then other stakes for the second 75 and maybe some sort of overall prize where if you were the number one, you didn't win either of those but you were still had the most wins.


You also made it. But some way that is just better than this. Hey show up in mid-September and you haven't missed anything like that. I had people in my life who had no idea who Tawny was going for 50 50. And these are people that, you know, watched their own baseball team. So I know this makes the baseball people mad, but I do, I, I think basketball should think about a split split schedule and just do four 40 games, 40 games. But something to split it up, So it. I just think that's where everybody's attention span is and football is the only sport that's figured it out. The in-season tournament is a great idea. It's awesome idea. And in like three or four years it's gonna be a big thing.


Like I already have made plan, I'm not the biggest NBA fan, but like I have already made plans with friends. Like we are getting tickets, Sixers Knicks in season tournament in November. We are excited for it. It has just a little more juice and there's no history right now. So like nobody cares that the Lakers won it last year or whatever. Right. But like three to four or five years it might actually matter. Well the thing that, so getting Tani in the World Series I think would be the best possible thing that could happen. Tani versus the Yankees would then be the best of the best. Like just for bringing in casual people and people that whatever I ota, the longer Tani goes the better it is. 'cause they, this could be their gateway to bring some people back.


But, you know, otherwise this is the shit that happens. It just feels like, at least I say it, I've talked about this before my son's demo, like it just feels like UFC has kind of replaced baseball in some ways. It's grabbing all the young kids, you know, and Yeah. And nobody under 50, but if you're under 25, it's pretty, it's a pretty good battle, you know? Yeah. I mean certainly like trying to get my friends who are maybe really diehard Eagles fans, but they'll tune in for the Phillies. Yeah. Like Phillies playoff games. Yeah, yeah. Or whatever. Yeah. That's about it. It's tough. But you know, we, the, it's a, it's a labor of love. We have to try to convince people to join our team and, and when the team is good, like there's, there's a certain buzz that the city has, that's very special.


No question. Alright, well good luck on the Equinox. How long does it last? What is this like all the way through October, Roughly a month? Yeah. Yeah. College football. Thank God you're not into that. No, I, I did watch Georgia, Alabama, but that, that's about all you'll get from me. Premier League. So that's, so basically Sunday is like a 17 hour day for you. Yeah, this Sunday I've got, I've got a meeting out with some friends in the morning to go to a bar to watch Tottenham play. Yeah. And then we've got NFL Sunday, I have tickets to the Phillies game that Sunday night. So, or afternoon. Wow. Actually. So it's gonna be like 12 straight hours. Main line, just straight energy into my veins. I'm very excited for it.


October's still the best. I, I remember doing a mailbag calm about this. God only knows so many years ago about October versus April. I think those are my two favorite months. I still love when the ba, the first round of the basketball playoffs is, and when baseball's starting and the NFL draft, like, that's pretty great too. But this, you know, we, especially if we have the right baseball teams, this is pretty good. All right. Dund, you can listen to him all week on Ringer Gambling Show and read his excellent column on The Ringer dot com. But then Paper chasers with Austin Gale. What's Austin's record now? He's four and eight one. We've both gone, he's gone one and two every week and I've gone two and one every week. So we we're becoming a little bit predictable.


We gotta mix it up. Hopefully we, we keep the winners coming. I told you I was gonna text him and tell him that we had to pull him off the show if he didn't go two and one or better this week. But then it was a prank, but I, I think he actually would've lost his mind if I sent him the text, so I decided not to, I didn't wanna have him have a meltdown, but I know he takes it very seriously. So now I'll hear it on the podcast. And now more meltdown. Four, four and eight. He's got, he's gotta win four straight just to hit 500. Well, good luck today. We've got Time. Long Season. Alright, paper chases. Good to see you und. Thank you. All right, that's it for the podcast. Thanks to Jesse Lopez and Steve Saru today. Thanks to Deb Buno and thanks to Rob Mahoney.


And I will see you on this feed on Thursday. Don't forget, new re watchable is Blair Witch Project. Don't forget YouTube Channel Ringer Movies or the Bill Simmons channel for the all the YouTube videos and episodes from this podcast. See end Thursday must be 21 plus in President Select states for Kansas and affiliation with Kansas Star Casino are 18 plus and President DC Gambling problem call hundred gambler or visit rg help com.


Call 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org/chat in Connecticut. Or visit md gambling help.org in Maryland. Hope is here. Visit gambling helpline ma.org or call 803 2 7 50 50 for twenty four seven. Support Massachusetts. Or call 1 8 7 7 8 Hope NY or text Hope NY in New York.