
Everybody lies, but most of us don't like to talk about the lies we tell until now, from Spotify and The, Ringer, Podcast Network, I'm Brian Phillips. In my new podcast Truth List, I'm talking to people about their best tales of deception from changing an entire family history to building an award-winning Hollywood career on a lie. you can listen to Truth list on Spotify or wherever you get your podcasts.


It's The Bill Simmons Podcast presented by FanDuel Football is in full action. FanDuel's highest rated sports book is the best place to bet it all. We've been doing pretty well, A million dollar picks this year. I love the first month of the season because you have to go into the season thinking. I think Pittsburgh's gonna be good. I think the Chargers are gonna be good. I think Seattle's gonna be good. And then trying to back what you think in those first few weeks. And then zag the other way. if you were wrong, you could bid on new and fun markets on FanDuel, like to catch a pass. Same game parlay, highest scoring game across the Sunday Slate offensive tds in the next drive. They've so much stuff. It's crazy. The app is safe and secure and easy to use. And when you win, you'll get paid instantly. Plus, look out for FanDuel Squares this season. Here's what you have to do. Visit FanDuel dot com slash bs to download America's number one Sportsbook. The Ringer is committed to responsible gaming. Please visit rg help.com to learn more about the resources and helplines available, and listen to the end of the episode. For additional details, you must be 21 plus and present in select states gambling problem called win hundred gambler, or visit rg help.com.


This episode is brought to by SimpliSafe. One good defensive move I can always get behind is SimpliSafe because they know security. They've even been named Best Home Security Systems by US News and World Report for five years running. I know that to be true because I've been saying that every year when I talk about my friends from SimpliSafe, I love having them in my home, especially their new active guard. Outside protection, active guard protection. Why is that? Great. Uses outdoor cameras, advanced AI and professional monitoring agents to stop crime before it happens. Activate sirens, spotlights. It's everything you need. Everyone deserves to have peace of mind. SimpliSafe gives you that. And right now you can get 50% off their new security system with a select professional monitoring plan. All I have to do is visit SimpliSafe dot com slash bs. There is no safe like SimpliSafe


The Bill Simmons Podcast is brought to you by FanDuel Sportsbook, where this weekend we have created the Bill Simmons NBA Futures Profit Boost. you can bet on my picks, your favorite futures. you can do all the, for the NBA season kicks off win totals to make the playoff bets. Season leaders seasoned specialists, division winners, conference winners. It goes live on Friday, October 18th. It will remain live until tip off on Tuesday. And if you listened to our three part podcast, me were Selling House, we had a bunch of over unders that we loved. I even convinced FanDuel to boost our favorite three teams of overs for this year. OKC, Phoenix, Cleveland. We're gonna do this super boost, which we've won three years in a row with NBA. And I saw three years in a row in the NFL too. I've been on a super boost streak. But KC 55 plus wins Cleveland 45 plus wins Phoenix 45 plus wins. And that's around like plus one 90 range. So they're gonna boost that up. Pla all the way up past plus two 50. I don't know what the exact number's gonna be. So you can betta on the super boost. Can we keep it alive for four years? That's almost a presidential term. Or you can go into our Bill, Simmons, NBA Futures Profit Boost Center and just go nuts. Do your thing. That's, that's why we do it. We love the OII had so much fun in the Over under podcast.


I'm about to have fun right now because the old friend Mike Lombardi is here. We're gonna talk about the playoff picture. NFL team identities. We're gonna talk Sopranos. We're gonna talk Joel Embiid. We're gonna talk million dollar picks. And then I'm gonna do million dollar picks right after for week seven, because we are due for an awesome week. It's all next first. Our friends from Pro Jet.


All right, we are taping this on Thursday afternoon before whatever the hell happens in the Thursday night game tonight. Michael Lombardi is here. He announced last week that he's no longer doing back to Backs. Oh no, that was Joel Embiid. My bad. I I forgot. Wait, why did that take an announcement? Like why did that take an announcement? Like why did that take a press release out there? Like seriously, like did anybody think he was playing back to back? No, he's, it's all about the playoffs now. It's all about, it's all about getting in shape. Marrying Tim Duncan titles. He's the Walt Disney of the NBA. We're gonna freeze this body until we open it up in April. He's the Walt Disney of the NBA. Well, we're, we're gonna talk football first and then at the end that you ran about the Sixers.


You're a big identity guy with football teams. Yeah, I've learned this from you. Especially when we get to mid-October when basketball's about to start. Who are we? It's week seven, it's week eight. Who are we? What are we trying to do? What are we trying to be? And I think you and I are both really bullish in the Lions. I thought it was weird the first three weeks when, you know, they, they ran like a hundred million plays in those two games and didn't score enough points. They did some weird red zone stuff. And I was like, I know who these guys are. They're gonna figure it out. That is a team to me that even with Hutchinson out has an identity. But it, when you think about like the teams that actually have identities that have a chance to go far in the playoffs, how many teams is that?


Oh, I, it's really few. I think this is one year. That's why Survivor was so bad for most people. There's really not a dominating team here. You know, I think, I think Detroit got kicked in the teeth when they threw it 53 times and let golf do that against Tampa and lost. I think Campbell said, okay, wait a minute. We're not doing that shit no more. But I think there's very few teams that have it. San Francisco does. If we're talking the NFC, I think Green Bay starting to get their identity now. I really think they're becoming, But what is it? Tell me what it is. It it, it is big playability. It's explosive offense. They've scored 90 points in the first half. I mean, you can't cover 'em. They can run with more power and they can turn the ball over defensively.


They've been able to make, create some turnover. So they're, they're tough to play. They're, they're an offensive team where the quarterback can throw the ball really well on the third level. I mean, Dobbs made two plays last week. They're outstanding. I think. Oh, and Watson came back. Speaking of Injury Pro guys, Watson came back. Why we, we might have Watson for like three weeks here. So they, I think they, Minnesota has an identity. I think Minnesota's the identity's a little confused by most people. They think it's their offense. I think Minnesota's defense is their identity. They're hard to run the ball on. They're impossible to run the ball on. They rush the passer and they create negative plays by the offense. And they're good enough on offense with the scheme and the coaching to be able to function.


So I think that's their identity. San Francisco, we know what their identity, they're gonna run the football, they're gonna play action. They're gonna run after the catch, although they're not doing that as well this year. But that's their identity. The team, I don't know what has an identity is Philadelphia. I don't know what to do with Philly. They're four and 10 over the last games. They haven't scored a point in the first quarter, even though they have the second coming of Sid Gilman coaching offense for him and Kellen Moore. They haven't scored a point in the first quarter, you know, and they haven't scored over 21 points since the opening game. Think about that now. Yeah, I know they have the greatest coach in the history of football. if you just read any of the analytical reports on offensive coordinators, he's by far the greatest coach of all time. But they can't really, they don't have an identity.


I don't know who they are. Well, it seems like they should be. They should be. We have these two awesome receivers and this explosive running back and we should be really unpredictable offensively. And you should, you got, you take care of these two things, this third thing's gonna get you, you're never, you're never good. Right? Right. But that's not their identity at all. When I watch re like, what the fuck, fuck are these guys doing? They're trying. David hurts the star of the show when he should be the Commensory piece. He should be the auxiliary piece. Yeah, he should be the, you know, he should be the nice tie to the suit. He's not, shouldn't be the suit. Right. And so like they should run it. They should play action pass. He should be under center more, you know? But yet they keep trying to focus on him.


And you know, brown and, and and Smith are the great players on the outside with Goddard inside. This is a team and a good offensive line. I mean they have talent like Detroit does. Yeah. But they don't do what Detroit does. Two other teams on this identity thing. I know you're in on the Chiefs knowing who they are and that they had that come to Jesus moment after the Christmas, whatever day that was against the Raiders last year when they were like, you know what, it's defense ball control. Let's just try to win some 20 to 17 games. And that's who we have to be this year. Now in 2024, somehow their defense is better than their offense. And it's funny 'cause Mahomes is like on FanDuel is the MVP favorite still, I think.


Yeah. And He's definitely not the MVP of the Chiefs this year. He is, we know how great he is. But He's not even a top five quarterback this year. Yeah. Now he's still a great player. I'm not dismissing that. But he's not having a, a Patrick Mahomes type year that you would say, boy, that guy's an MVP. But I agree. I think that they, they know they have to win. They, they have problems at receiver, the two tackles Taylor who has created another position, which is a wing tackle where he can line up in the backfield. He's a wing tackle, not an offensive tackle Back slash right tackle. Okay. Yeah. He's a wing tackle and the left tackle really struggles. But Andy knows his deficiency, so he works around him. Yeah. That's the key to football. Right. And I think that's really important. Whereas if you look at some of these other teams like the Cincinnati Bengals who won't acknowledge their weaknesses and my man's throwing it on every single down and he is wondering why his quarterback's getting a crack.


Yeah. Houston's interesting to me. Joe House was saying this after mixing got hurt that it screwed them up because they kind of wanted to be a power rushing team that could also throw the ball. And then Mixon went out and then Collins went out, but Mixon came back and they're like, they're playing Green Bay that I don't think we're gonna get. And Houston's five and one. So it's worked out great for them so far, but they, whatever Houston team, we're getting big picture ceiling wise. I feel like we're not gonna know until December. Yeah. I wanna see Colin's back. I wanna see mix and healthy. I wanna see how they can mix those two elements. But it's gonna take a while. Right, Right. Well mix And they rushed for 200 yards in the opener, right? Yeah. Against the Colts, against my man Gussy, Bradley's defense.


And then last week they rushed for what, 1 93. I mean, mix Mixon makes a difference. But here's the interesting thing about Houston, they have no receiver on their team that averages over 10 yards a catch. I mean, I think except Right without Collins. Yeah. Except for Collins. I mean, tank Dell's at 9.7 yards. Dalton Schultz is at 7.8. I I, I think digs is at 10.3 or something like that. He was well below 10 until last week. They're not explosive as an offense. And unless Nixon's in there, they really can't run the ball. And, and Stroud isn't as good as, as we've made 'em out to be. He's a good player, don't get me wrong. Really. What is this a zag against Stroud? What, what's the Case? No, I think, I think when you look at his numbers and I mean, look, just look at the analytical numbers on him.


Yeah. He, he doesn't rank into the top on expected completions and all those things. He's not in the top five of any of those categories. I think he's a good player, don't get me wrong. I'm not, but I, I think on the road, I think he struggles. Look, you know, I mean last year they went into Carolina and lost. He was a rookie. I get that. But I think when he went up to Minnesota, they didn't play very well in that game. And Minnesota's defense really, I think a lot of this is you have to handicap teams. A I think the fourth quarter's the most critical quarter to handicap. It's like if I worked in basketball, I would only study the fourth quarter crunch Time. Yeah. Just study the last eight minutes of a game and when it's a close game. But, and it's the same thing in football. if you don't study the fourth quarter, you really don't know.


You don't have any idea about when you have to throw it. Can you throw it when you have to run it? Can you run it when you have to stop it? Can you stop it? One other team that I think has an identity, and I don't think people realize it yet, and I can tell by with the Chargers, Cardinals line this week is the Chargers. 'cause Yeah, I think their defense is legit good. I think Harbaugh knows who he wants them to be. There's only six coaches that matter anymore. He's one of them. Right. Herbert's been hurt the whole year. Them trying to figure out the receiver piece of things. vin's been a little better. They have this guy Vidal, who's this little, little shutterbug dude that I actually think with, with Gus Edwards out could become a factor. But I'm watching them because I think that, I think their ceiling might be a little higher than people realize.


They're just like the annoying 10 and 17. That's every, every game they're gonna pull the other team know what they wanna do. You know what I mean? And, And every game, they're gonna become closer to his personality, which is highly competitive. And that's what you saw last week. Like they were a three point favorite against the Broncos. And I thought that was too low. I thought they were the better team. And, and I thought one of the things in that game, Herbert, was finally, I think we saw Herbert play really well. Yeah. And I think that was important. So to me, I, I agree. I they're, they're good on defense. They, they're, here's the thing too. I think one of the key elements of last week was you can see the teams that are getting better and the teams that don't practice.


Right? Yeah. So we have an element. So now we're in this world of we have to rest players to get 'em ready. That we don't wanna have any practice. We just wanna get to the game. And so you're seeing like the hard balls, their teams are gonna get better. The chiefs, that team's gonna get better. Detroit's gonna get better 'cause they're gonna practice and they're gonna get better. Whereas you see like New England's best game was New England's best game was the opening game. That was their best game. They've gotten worse every single week. 'cause they're probably not practicing to the level you need to practice. They're worried about injuries. And it's, Carolina's another example. I mean, they're actually getting worse. If it's possible they don't pr you can see they've missed more tackles in the open field. One of the things Washington has done is they practice, they've gotten better.


They got beat last week, but they're getting better. They're not any good on defense, but they're getting better. I agree with 90% of that, but it doesn't explain why the Jaguars aren't better because it I know practice. They practice super practice. Oh no, no, wait. They're terrible too. They don't practice either. Yeah, they don't. I mean, I mean that's the whole thing with Dougie. I mean, they're so soft. Yeah. They have no physicality. They have no identity. He'll call, I mean, he'll just keep calling passes and he'll keep checking 'em off. When you texted me this week after that, you nailed it. That was their best. You, they weren't gonna score another point after that drop that they laid it all out there. That was it. They ran outta offense. Right. He had like his sixth place he was going in. So this identity discussion's fun because of what the Jets just did.


So the Jets who got their ass kicked by Buffalo, right. Buffalo. Anytime Buffalo really needed to make a big play or get a third down, they got it. The Jets come outta that game and they're like, you know what we need Devante Adams. Yeah, that's, that would've been the last, if we can only have one more receiver, we could have stopped Josh Allen. Like, what, what did you watch the game and you can't box? Of course I watched The game. No, I'm not saying you, I'm saying the Jet's like, and they can't block. It's like, cool, you got another receiver, you still can't block, you still can't get stops on defense. What is the point? What's, let me ask you a question. What is the, what is the end game for the Jets? Like what is their end game?


I mean, I know they got great pub on this and Aaron's happy and everybody's all happy. Oh good. I'm glad Aaron's happy. I'm glad they're 40-year-old. She kicked outta him is happy. But what's their end game like if they don't, if they get is is a good season, A wild card is a good season accomplished champ, like what is their end game? Because next year they're a disaster. Well, if we were hanging out with, if we were buddies with Woody Johnson, we were playing poker with him and we're just telling him what he wants to hear, we would say, Hey, if you kicker had made a couple kicks, you guys would be four and two. Like, why can't you make the Super Bowl? That would be the case. Right? Right. You're two, you're basically three Shit kicks away from being four and two. Right.


That that's right. I don't agree with that because I don't think they're a four and two team and I don't, you know, I I I think it's kind of shocking how inconsistent their defense is, but I guess it makes sense. No, I mean, but they're another team. Like, you know, are they gonna keep like Rogers can he, is he gonna stand up in November or December? He gets a crap beat out of him. Also, if you screw up, Rogers has entered this LeBron zone where if you're a teammate and you don't do well by him, or you make a mistake. Yeah. It's like the spotlight. Like now Mike Williams is the worst receiver in the league. Yeah. He said, he's like, I'm pretty sure Mike Williams is pretty good receiver. Okay. Maybe he should have cut four yards over on that one play.


But now he fucking sucks and he's gotta be run out of town. I, I mean it's unbelievable. Now they're trying to trade him. They're, they'll give him away. He may go back to the Chargers. I'm sure Pittsburgh's probably interested. There's a bunch of teams interested. Right. But he's as good as gone. I mean he's as good as gone off The jets. Well, I would think. Yeah. And so because Devante replaced him, Lessard now moves to the third receiver. Even though he made, I mean they scored 20 points, but seven of 'em came on a Hail Mary. I mean like, let's be clear here. Todd Dowling didn't electrify the Offensives team here. Like this wasn't like, oh my God, they scored 13 points basically. Yeah. They got Brie going in the first quarter. And that was really the only thing. And I'm, I say that as somebody who has Brie and Garrett Wilson on multiple fantasy teams.


That was the only thing that felt different. And then Buffalo shut that down. What's the Buffalo identity to you? Other than we have Josh Allen. Well, I think Buffalo was run, can run the ball. I think they have changed their identity. I think they went from being an 11 team to where they were gonna throw it all the time. Like, like Cincinnati, when Cincinnati came into Buffalo two years ago and kicked the shit out of them. I think they had a wake up call. I think they said, you know what we, they finally realized they play in Western New York. Like, it's cold, it's windy, it's bad. We're not gonna win with just this offense. And so I think they can run the ball. I mean that first draft of the GA jet game, they just ran it down their throat. Seven runs, I mean, right down. I think their identity is, we we're gonna run the ball, we're gonna control the clock.


We're gonna be a nickel defense. We're gonna give up runs, but we're gonna be able to, if we play from and front, we'll be a good team. I'm not sure they're good enough, but they have the best player. I mean, he is truly, if he gets this team to the east and and into the playoffs deep, he's the MVP of the league. 'cause he's got him on his back. You know, and I, and I tell you this to, and I didn't think he could coming out. I just was worried about his accuracy, you know? But he has improved that. But he's so goddamn hard to tackle and he's just such a good playmaker. I mean, he just does things on that second play that you can't coach. Is there a TJ Watt case? Or is the defensive player just never winning a Vp? I say on my show, I think TJ Watt deserves to get the MVP of the league.


I mean, it's not enough to give him defensive player of the week year. It's like, I mean, you can't, I mean, you go in the game saying we gotta block TJ Watt and then TJ Watt creates two fumbles. I mean, I don't know what an Antonio Pierce was thinking, but clearly, you know, he destroyed the game. So I bring that up because at least on Fandel, he's 200 to one win the MVP. And I would say if you just watch football this year, he's been the player that's jumped out of the television the most. Every single game. Yeah. He's completely, and he's getting double team. They'll show replays. You're like, how did he do that? I he's made more plays. That didn't count because there were like stupid flags that called like a fumble back. And I, I think he is having one of the best defensive player years that we've seen.


Pittsburgh's not very good. No. They got one receiver. They, they're offensive lines of freaking mess fields has been awful the last two weeks. They're losing guys on defense. I I feel like Watts like carrying them. They're four and two needs. I would say he's the number one, number two, number three reason. He is the reason. I mean, look, he stripped, he has two strip pums he had last week, one of 'em in the goal line. Right. You know, and then he strips the ball outta the midfield where he punches the ball out. I mean, you know, and to me he separates himself from everybody else. Like Micah Parsons a really good player, but Micah doesn't dominate like this guy does. Not this year. He hasn't dominated. Yeah. Not like that. I mean, Mike is good, but the Lawrence Taylor comparisons might be a little extreme.


You might wanna stop that. But to me, this tj, this TJ guy, he is, I mean he is really a messing machine. And I think they beat Dallas if, if they would've had Nate Herbi on the other side. Yeah. He came out in that midway through the Dallas game. Yeah, Yeah. He got hurt with a hamstring. And that's why Dallas won the game. I think that little thing told you, you know, Dallas, Dallas isn't really any good. I mean, let's be clear, they're not even with this conversation. No. The the TJ Watt piece, you're a big history guy. As am I who, who's the doppelganger, what, what kind of pool is he swimming in right now? Big picture, historically, Man, you know, he is.


'cause he's so unique as a rusher. Like he's, he's gotta be, he's different than Bruce Smith because he doesn't play on end of the line. But he says dominating as Bruce Smith was when Bruce Smith was going good. I mean, you, you had to take him outta the game. Bruce Smith was over this kid's in a three point. And the thing about the thing about TJ Watt, it's really kind of interesting for young players to study him. He only has one pass rush move. That's all he has. But you can't stop it. He just knows how to do it. And you can't really handle it. It's just the same move all the time. You know, it's coming, but you can't handle it. You know, so like coming from the outside, those 34 backers, I mean, he know he is truly an outside backer, but he puts his hand in the dirt. You know, I'm not saying he's Lawrence Taylor, but he's in the way of dominating the game the way Taylor did.


He really has, I mean, he deserves, he deserves votes for the MVP. if you can't give it to a Holmes, you can't give it to any of those quarterbacks that haven't played at a high level. I mean, Jayden Danez is playing better than most of them. Yeah. Lamar and Rou are number two and three right now. What, what basketball player is TJ Watt Basketball players. TJ Watt. He's So one move that's unstoppable, relentless. You know, you know, to me he's kind of like got a little bit of Barkley in this game. You wouldn't think he could be? Oh, I like that. You know, he wouldn't be as good because of his size. You know, he's not that intimidating. He's not, you know, he's playing power forward at six four and a half like Barkley did. But yet he can dominate the game like Barkley did to me.


That's kind of what, and he's got such unique, Barkley to me was so good because he had incredible balance. You know, Barkley was never on the wrong foot when he jumped. He was always able to be in balance. This kid's always in balance. It's, it's an untold scouting thing when you're watching really good players is are they in balance? Are they able to jump in a balanced situation And this kid can do it. He's really remarkable. That's a great question. I think to me, he's an undersized guy at the position that he dominates and he, that he's not a small player, but he plays bigger. No, I know what you mean. No, I think you nailed it. I, I think Barkley's a good one for that. Is there a young pass rusher that you feel like is the next guy? Obviously Par Parsons is already there, so you can't say him, But, well, I thought Hutchinson's that young guy.


I think Hutchinson's really has, I think to me, if I'm Jacksonville, I'm a little bit embarrassed. I took t Trayvon Walker over Hutch a Little. Yeah. I mean, you know, because this is a kid who's proven he's getting and he's getting better and he likes it, you know, and he's going to keep getting better. He's got such good rush moves. I'll tell you Hendrickson now, I thought Hendrickson last week against the Giants. I thought something was wrong with Andrew Thomas. 'cause he never gets beat that bad like he did in that game. Yeah. And you just had to think he was hurt. And of course now he comes out with the foot injury that he tried to play through the Liz Frank. But to me he's really good as well. These guys, when you have to, you know, when you have to, you know, it's one thing to say, we're gonna chip on the guy. Like, everybody wants to chip on tj, but it, it, it looks good on a blackboard, but it doesn't come to fruition.


I actually don't like the Russell Wilson move for them this week. I thought they should have waited a, a week on it. Well, I, I don't like it for this reason because Russell refuses to work into the pocket. So one of the things that, you know, what you've gotta be able to do is if, if you're gonna run like fields, you gotta be able to run away from this is what Caleb Williams is learning in the NFL that I can run away from it. USCI can't run away from it in the NFL. Well, Russell can't run away from anybody and he won't work the vertical level of the pocket. So that's a real issue for him. And then to me, I think Fields, even though he's not, I think Fields has improved from Chicago, but he's not there. He's not a, he's Not, he was bad last week. He, he was bad and he's too inconsistent.


You can't, I'm sure Mike's probably saying we just can't, we can't get enough consistency. But I think, look, if you're Pittsburgh, you're probably saying we gotta figure out what we have with Brussel, right? Because we have no quarterback next year. Right? Well they, they played the Jets this week and at thought they played New York Giants the week after they had the New York, New York special. Right. So they're gonna try to find out one way or the other. I mean, look, this is a must win for the Jets. I mean Oh yeah. I mean, if they can't beat Pittsburgh with that offense, Pittsburgh, I mean I, I can't see Russell being dynamic in that offense. I really can't. Well, if they lose this game, then Mike Williams gets the Tony Soprano call.


Yeah. He's like, Mike Aaron Rogers overdose. Sylvia's gonna come pick you up. No. What? Probably I'll go, I'll go to the hospital. That'll be It. We'll make another trade. He'll, he'll have to make another trade. I mean, you know, only Woody could say thinking is overrated. Here's a guy who's won 34% of his games since 2010 and he thinks thinking is overrated. Maybe, you might wanna think a little bit. Do you think Adriana knew when Sylvia was picking her up? No, I don't think she knew that. You don't think she knew until it was like halfway the car run Great scenes. I think it's one of the greatest scenes ever. I think she knew when he started to drive. You know, I love how, I love how Stevie Van ZZ talking to her trying to reassure.


Yeah, Chris is gonna be okay. He's gonna be okay. Yeah. And the music they played, I can, I can't find that song that they played. Yeah. Like leaving Los Angeles, it's called. I thought that was such a great song that they played in the background. But long-term parking has gotta be in the top five of sre. Oh no, I, season five I think is my favorite. That's where I've landed. It's the best start to finish. Yeah. Best written, deepest. There's the most like subtle shit going on and yeah. That two of the best episodes ever. I think you're right about Tony B because I think Tony B was more complex than Ralphie. He was more complex than Richie. Richie was a straight gangster. Yeah, He was a cartoon. Yeah. You knew where he was coming from and Ralphie was just a little bit too fucked up.


But Tony B was devious. Yeah, he was devious. Well it also, the fact that all the stuff that he was also named Tony. He was the alternate way Tony's life could have gone. Yeah. He was kind of the worst version of Tony and all these different, yeah. Anyway, we can talk about Sopranos forever. We're gonna take a break and come back and talk playoff picture.


Pick up a win. This NFL game day on FanDuel America's number one sports book. Right now all customers get a profit boost every single NFL game day. There's a lot of N-F-N-F-L games. That means you can pump up your grid iron winnings multiple times a week. FanDuel tons of ways you can get it on the NFL Action. Money lines, player props, game day specials. So much more Super simple. Live betting lightning, fast bet settlement, instant withdrawals. FanDuel makes betting on the NFL easier than ever before. All you have to do is visit FanDuel dot com slash bs to download FanDuel today. And you can find some of my awesome NBA bets and boosts as well. You must be 21 plus in president in select states or 18 plus in president in DC Opt-in required bonus issued as non, which are about profit boost tokens. Restrictions apply including token expiration C terms from both offers at sportsbook dot FanDuel dot com game prom call 100 gambler. Visit rg help.com.


This episode is brought to you by Michelob ULTRA, wherever you like to watch the game at the arena of the bar home, wherever. Enjoy every moment of the NBA season with an ice cold Michelob ULTRA. And you know, we've done some stuff with them, so they'll send me the Michelob ULTRA, I'll put it in the fridge. It's really interesting what happens. People come over, they want a beer, they go, oh, Michelob ULTRA. Or I've never tried one of these. I've heard you talked about it. A hundred percent approval rating every single time. Keep it nice and cold. It's delicious. There's only one way to watch your favorite teams drop buckets. And that's with a bucket. Michelob ULTRA stock up on Michelob ULTRA for the NBA season. Michelob ULTRA, a superior light beer. Enjoy responsibly copyright 2024 Anheuser-Busch Michelob Bocher Registered Light Beer St. Louis Missouri.


Alright, playoff picture. This is right around the time you can really steal a couple playoff teams with good odds, right? Like, okay, like the jets right now are two and four plus 1 36 to make the playoffs on FanDuel. And it's like, alright, if you think the Jets are gonna rally and be Pittsburgh this week, this is the week to take them. There's also some long shot stuff like Denver's three and three, they're plus plus 2 65. The A FFC sucks. Like it, it's basically five teams and then God only knows then on the other side, you know, you, you're looking at the NFC where there's, there's teams where the odds seem outta whack. Like Philly's minus 2 35 to make the playoffs.


I don't, I don't feel good about that at all. Green Bay's only minus 1 64. Seattle's plus 2 25 with a really winnable game this week. So it's all over the map. I wanted to go through and just hit teams. And you tell me, do you mentally have them in the playoffs already? So KC five and oh I assume Yes, Yes. Houston Five and one winning the A FFC South. Is there any way that doesn't happen now? I mean, I think, you know, Indie's gonna play Richardson this week. I mean, seriously there, you know, there there's no telling him with Bradley's defense, they can't ever get control of the game. I I mean, how does Houston not win it? You know, we don't even know if Doug's gonna make it back from London, you know, this week.


So, I mean, you know, where's the, where are they going in Tennessee? You know, I mean, Tennessee's a comedy really to continue to play Will Levis at this point. I mean, I get it. if you have to play the guy, you draft him second overall in the draft. I get that. Right. But you drafted this clown the second round. I mean, you have no real, you have no real investment in him and he keeps costing you games and you keep putting 'em out there. That's on you. That's not on the kid. Like, I don't blame, I mean, that's just ridiculous. That wouldn't, so You, you wouldn't trade Vrabel for Will Levis and Callahan if you had over, I would've trade Vrabel for Rcar and Will Levis, I would've made that deal. I doubt would've made that deal. I would've said no. But Ran Hart won that battle. I mean, he won it.


And you know, oh by the way, Jamal Adams won his release. Of course they signed him and he can't play like he's gonna get a, you know, anyway. I I, so how, what's Houston's competition? I mean, you can eliminate Tennessee, you can eliminate Indy. Indy's not gonna really go anywhere with the way they're going, right? Yeah. I mean, Indie's gonna play Miami with the, with the dj. He's gonna spin some records this week and I gotta think he's got a chance to win that game if he spins the right records. I mean, why not Dj? Mikey Mack had, he's got what? He had the buy week last week. So he said two weeks he's in the studio. He probably went to the record store, bought himself a bunch of new albums. He's gonna spin some shit in there. I can't wait. TechCo beats.


Yeah, I mean, I can't wait to see. I mean, he doesn't win. This is a must win for him. Yeah, no, it's their season's over, I think their season's over anyway. I think they stink. I I didn't think they were a playoff team before they had all the injuries. 'cause I thought that Buffalo game in week two when they were getting their ass kicked, it was like, there's, this isn't a playoff team, what are we doing? So yeah, He kept spinning albums in that game. He didn't even change the music street. So I like, like I think I don't, but I think Miami could win that game. I, I don't know if I want to take that Miami in the game. 'cause every time I take Miami, Nah, that's a stay of it. It kills me. But I, but who else is Houston's competition? Nobody. So Casey and Houston were put them in.


I just think Baltimore four and two, they're just too good offensively. Yeah. They're, and, and they can stop the run and they're built. When it gets colder, it'll be good for them. Lamar is amazing, even this week and Tucker Has made more kicks. Tucker got his act going a little bit better, which helps. And, and bringing in Dean peace will help their defense. Yeah. They needed that. Right. Zach, or was three years as a coach. I said it this summer when we talked, he's not ready to be an on defensive coordinator. It's just, he's, he just on Sunday. It just happens too quick. I think bringing Dean in really helped. And one thing, again, you talk about team getting better this offensive line from week one to where they are now, much better, much improved. Right. You know, and they're just, Well, and the Derrick Henry piece.


Oh, who, I mean he's another guy. We did TJ Watt like what is the Derrick Henry doppelganger historically, this is basically if Earl Campbell had just played for 12 years, right? It's, It's remarkable how he doesn't ever get tired. I mean he's Chuck Foreman with the size of Chuck Foreman with the power of Earl Campbell. I mean, and he does, he's got eight touchdowns Russian already. He's and he's Mariana Rivera. He can close it out. So he's got, you know, and they, and and the thing about him that makes him so important to Baltimore, it forces Baltimore to have an identity. It forces Baltimore to not stray and go down, oh we wanna start throwing this thing. It forces them to give the ball to the like, okay, we gotta feed the monster here.


Yeah. And so I think, but I think Baltimore might be, I think Baltimore could be the best team if they fixed that secondary, if they make a move like Buffalo did to get Sul Douglas last year. Yep. If they make a move to get another corner, I think they could really improve their defense. And if they give and Zach's got some help now defensively, I think they're the best team. The Henry, it's really nice when teams make trades that's great for them, but also great for the player. And I feel like he was just kind of buried the last two years. Right. We had, yeah. Almost was hitting that Larry Fitzgerald in Arizona after he lost Carson Palmer point where it's just like, is this guy who is this guy even good anymore? I have no idea. But you know, and he's good.


Here's the thing though, bill, here's what drives you crazy. People say, well we couldn't afford him on the cap. Well I mean Jerry Jones says that, right? Well you gave Brandon Cooks 12 million. Yeah. You made a choice to keep Brandon Cooks. You didn't want Henry. Like you have choices. You, we all make choices just when you make the wrong choice. It really magnifies. It's like them saying that the Giants, we don't want bar we, we don't, we don't have money to sign Barkley. Well you overpaid on for Uma Lumina or you IGN band note those two, those two sign that, that was the 3 million you didn't have. Right. You gave it away. You made choices. And so Baltimore's choice of sign and Henry, it was the perfect guy. And as, and I think it really works better because this offensive line is so young that they needed somebody to, they needed to kind of grow into it and they're getting better.


Perfect team for him. Buffalo would be the fourth playoff team. Four and two. Yeah. I have no faith in Buffalo defensively. I really don't. I think to me they'll, they could get put pushed around and bullied. Yeah. But I have all the faith in the world in Josh Allen. I guess my thing with them is they already have four wins. And if you go through the rest of the schedule, I just don't see how they don't get the 10. Well They have Will. That was what, what quarter do you think Will will throw 'em? Once? Right? So they'll be five and two after this week and then they would have to go five and five and six the rest of the way just to get to 10. Well who's gonna beat them again? I mean you got nobody know.


Miami's gonna play 'em up in Buffalo late in the year. I mean the Jets, you think they're going, I mean Rogers by the time of the year, body's gonna be old and that offensive line for the Jets ain't getting better. I could tell you that. So it's 10 wins wins the A ffc I think. Yeah, I think so. And I don't think the Jets can get to 10 wins. So, so Buffalo would've to go nine and eight and that would mean that they would have to go four and six the rest of the way. And I just don't see that unless Josh Allen got hurt. So I'm putting them in. So that leaves four spots left. Pittsburgh's four and two, they're minus 1 42 Chargers three and two. They're minus 1 52 since he's two and four plus 1 0 6 Indy's in there. The Jets Denver Jags. Is there anybody that you would say, I think I have these guys in.


'cause for me, I think it's the Chargers. I don't feel awesome about it, but I, I think I feel the best about them. About anybody What? What you're looking for is a team that is gonna constantly improve during the year. I don't know if it's Denver. I mean tonight we'll see what Denver does. I mean their favorite New Orleans is beat up. They'd have nobody really guilty. They should win this to get the four and three. But you know, I think to me Cincy would be the only team that you would say, you know, if they improve, if they get better they did last week against the Giants defensively. Which is not saying a lot against the Giants, but to me that would be the one. Like to me, since he's better than Indy, since he's better than Pittsburgh, in terms of the total team that the talent they have on offense, they, since he's gotta play better defensively, The problem is they have four losses already.


They're at Cleveland this week, which is now I think a must win. 'cause I think two five, there's no coming back for road games. And they have four losses already. They're at Baltimore still. They're at the Chargers, they're at Dallas, they're at Tennessee, they're at Pittsburgh plus the Cleveland game. Like there's not a lot of room for air anymore. They still have Pittsburgh at home. They have Cleveland at home. Denver at home. They got Philly at home and they would have to go, I think eight and two. Eight and three. They gotta go eight and three. Yeah, they gotta go eight and three. They gotta get it together and they can go eight and three. They're good enough offensively. But to me, I worry about them. I worry about how they don't really play with any physicality.


You know, everything's on Burrow. The offensive line isn't as good as it needs to be. They really at right tackle Mims. The rookies a good player, but he is a rookie. You know, they, they're they're to me. Were you Stu that Brown got hurt? Oh no, we knew that. He's so happy. I hope you're sitting down when you that news. Yeah, I mean I love Trent Brown. If he wanted to play, he'd be great. He does. I mean he's so, he could be one of the best left tackles in football. He just has no interest in being a left tackle. One thing with the Bengals, I like gravitating toward teams that you look at them and you go, oh they can definitely do that. Those two receivers with Burrow. And when they have Chase Brown back there instead of Moss. And I know he get Chase Brown can't block, but at least there's like speed and you're making decisions on defense.


You're giving up something and You don't wanna play 'em. I mean, Indy doesn't wanna play 'em Indy, I mean they'll put 400 on Gussy, you know. Yeah. They don't wanna play 'em. I mean, you know, like they're a good team. They're, they're a really good team. They've got a lot of stuff going. And I think to me, if, if they can just get better defensively, look, you know the, the Baltimore game was embarrassing. I know they had a players only meeting, but that was embarrassing. I mean they just, yeah, they, they, you know now Mike Hilton back last week in the slot corner helped them in the run fits it really helped them. But they've gotta get better. I mean, but they can do it. They look if the Jets can do it, why couldn't the, since he's better than the Jets to me. Right? Well I think there Is-I can legitimately score 30. Everybody thinks the Jet can score 30.


I'm not sure about that. They haven't yet. Roger Rogers hasn't thrown for 300 yards since I think Covid. Right. I think you have to get to 10 wins. I don't think the Jets can do it. I'm not ruling out since he going eight and three. Pittsburgh's already four and two with this Jets Giants combo. And if they win those and they're six and two now you basically have to go four and five. The last nine games. Even If they go five and three, they're gonna get to a wild card. Yeah. I mean he's just too good of a coach and they know who they are. So they have their home games. They got Baltimore and KC left on the road. They have Washington, Cleveland, Cincy, Philly and Baltimore left for those last nine So. It's, it's definitely a harder schedule.


Let me make the Denver case for you. I know, I know you're in on Sean just in general and, and I heard you say about how there's so few good head coaches anymore that the good head coaches we have now, it's an even bigger advantage than it was 30 years ago. I completely agree because you can see it on the TVs with the teams that where the sidelines locked in, where they're doing smart things where it's like, hey, it's fourth and four on the 10. Maybe I'll just kick a field goal here and take three points. How about that idea? Yeah, it's Gonna be a 20 to 17 game. I might need the three Points. One more Super Bowls than any coach in the league. And he, and he's only gone for it three times on Fort down. But he gets field goals and nobody wants to copy Andy.


Like nobody wants to copy and just take the points. Yeah, no, don't listen to him. But Denver's got, they're next two is at New Orleans tonight and then Carolina. Yeah. So they could be five and three, you know, a week and a half from now. They still have for home games. Cleveland, God only knows who was playing quarterback that week. Indianapolis, Atlanta. And then week 18 kc who could literally have nothing to play for. Right. Right. So they might just, with the games I mentioned, have nine wins. I See them as a, I see them as a nine and eight. Eight not, look, they're good on defense. Don't, don't ever really have Yeah, they're good on if they stay healthy, they're really good. Now Satan's not playing tonight, but they're really good on defense.


I I mean you could make the ca look, they're better to me they're, I thought Bo Nicks had his best game last week in the fourth quarter. He had 145 quarterback rating. Yeah. Garbage time. Yeah, It was garbage time. I get all that. But at least they gave him some, maybe some confidence to go into this week that tonight he plays good tonight. If they win tonight, which they should win tonight. I mean that they look, they're playing an easy schedule. They gotta get, they're gonna get the winners again. They're gonna win that one. Right. They're, they, they're gonna get to nine. So I think I have Pittsburgh and the Chargers and then I think I agree on Sensei that maybe they can sneak their way to 10. If they don't sneak to 10, then we're just gonna have a three-way nine and eight and nobody's gonna be able to predict that.


But you know, sensei will beat Pittsburgh. One of those games. I mean Right. And they then they should have beat Baltimore. They had Baltimore, they had 10 point league in the fourth quarter against Baltimore. And we think Baltimore's a good team, NFC, much harder to figure out. I only have three teams that I'm positive will make the playoffs. And I'm not even positive on one of them. Detroit's four and one, they're minus four 50. I think they're the best team in the NFC. I've n never wavered on that. Even without Hutchinson. They have the most answers. They're just, they can block, they can, they can do everything. San Francisco three and three at minus two 80. This is more a division play to me that Seattle would be, have to be the team that beats them.


That would mean Seattle has to win in Atlanta this week just to even think about that. 'cause their schedule gets harder. And I also think San Francisco kind of underachieved, I know they're three and three, but they're really like a four and a half win team that's just won less The game. I mean they got a 10 point lead with Arizona. Their kicker tries to be a tough guy and gets right and hurts his goal. Right. And they turn the ball over in the fourth quarter there and then the one, and then the Rams to give up a 10 point lead. Moody misses a field goal and Bell drops a pass. Or else they don't Forget the fake punt. Yeah. And they're five and one. Right? Yeah. So, you know, I mean, I think to me, I, I think the question about San Francisco, I don't know if they're the number one seed in the NFC, but they're gonna make the playoffs. Yeah. They shouldn't the play, they should win the West. 'cause it's really, the Rams are not good.


I mean, how the are six and a half point favor against the Raiders should tell you everything you need to know, like how is that even possible? Like the Rams should be six nine point better than Texas, but yet they are because that's how bad the Raiders are. And then they Yeah, but Mike, Mike, the the, the players wanted Antonio Pierce, they thought he deserved it. Right. And that's always worked. Hasn't always, You gotta listen to the players. You Gotta listen to the players, The players that the players know what's best. What do they, what do you need management for Arizona? You know, you, to me, the biggest joke nobody wants to talk about Kyle Murray paying him all that money is a joke. It's a joke. It, it was right there in front of you. The owner probably wanted to do it. There's no, did you see him on the fumble when they fumbled in Green Bay on the handoff?


He didn't even make any attempt to go get the ball. Like he had no interest in in even getting his uniform dirty. Like of course, you know, to me that's one of those games. Where did you see the Cardinal sideline? It was Green Bay, it's October. They had fucking wool hats on. They had heavy coats. Like just, you just should have just gone right to the window and bet everything on fucking Green Bay. Like they had no interest in being out there. So I, I don't see Arizona. I don't see Seattle. I don't see the Rams. Like I think San Francisco is, is by far, now I'm not saying San Francisco is a great team, but to me they're the best of that Team. All right, so there's two, I am do something dramatic here. I'm putting Washington in at four and two.


I think they are. They have seven home games left, Mike. They're four and two with seven home games left. And the games, you know, Carolina and Tennessee, they have home, there's two wins. Then they play Chicago, Pittsburgh, Dallas, Philly, Atlanta. That's at least three and two. I've already got to nine wins and they're on the road against the Giants. New Orleans, Dallas, Philly. They'll split the Dallas games. Worst case scenario, worst case, 10 team to me, I wrote this week, they're, they're the best team in the east because Philly can't play pass defense. Yeah. Like they'll throw the ball all over on Philly and you know, they've done a really good, did Dan Quinn credit the team's gotten better every week? Like I, I, I mean, I, I think Dallas is a joke.


I don't think Dallas is a good team. No, I'm not. Discuss, we're not discussing Dallas, Philly. So To me it's Philly or Washington. It ain't the Giants, right? No. Well I think, you know, the Giants had bad luck in a couple of those games. But the losing Thomas and Tibone now like that it's, that it's not like they had a ton of guys to lose the guys 16 Plays to kick a field goal. Yeah. I mean, you're not beating anybody like that. The ding dunk. I mean it, that neighbor, even when they had neighbors, it was 16. I mean, they lost the, they lost the Cowboys at home, Right? I mean, We don't, so Phil's got the Cowboys Good For hard games. Philly has at Cincy Home, Dallas, Baltimore, Washington home, and then, oh, that's road and then home.


Washington. Pittsburgh. So there's a nine and eight world. And I also, I don't like the Sirianni. I thought it was just a really, really weird week. And you're obviously tied into Philadelphia more than anybody. Like once it feels like it's past the point of no return from a weirdness daily topic standpoint. Right. He crossed that line. He crossed that line at first of all, at what point is he gonna grow up, right? Yeah. At some point you're the leader of the team. Show some maturity, right? You know, you're not some kid in a club, you know, maybe if you're spinning records with Mike, but I mean, you're not some kid in a club just trying to urge somebody on you represent, you represent a franchise. You're bigger than that. Like you gotta act mature and then to, to bicker with the Philly fans.


I mean, once they turn on you, you great Idea. It's over. I mean, it's over. I mean, you can't do that. And then, then he brings his kids to the press conference as a shield so that nobody asks him hard questions. Look, I love kids and dogs in movies, but at the reality, you can't bring 'em to the press conference when he got stuff like that going on. Like that's, that's really stupid. Like I just think to me, he's too immature. He's been immature and he is got such a bad temper. He is got anger management issues that I think it really affects their team. And I know the players are saying they like him, but you know, you know how that shit goes. Yeah. Look, their defense is not good enough. They've had the year, here's the thing that's interesting. They've scored no points in the first quarter this year. They scored 204 points in the second quarter two years ago.


They played from and front that year. And Nick said to the media this, well, it's no big deal. We haven't scored in the first quarter. What do you mean it's no big deal? He only scored 41 points in the first half all year. The the, the Packers have scored 90, like, and you played the Packers. So like to me, I I, I think they're, they have good on paper, but they're on paper. They, I'm disappointed in how they play, but a lot of it goes back to him. I like kids dogs and movies of my actual Mike Lombardi quote. I would've thrown in the Sopranos and I would've thrown in the three technique. Those your five favorite things. Oh, and, and chicken Parmesan. You put a dog in a commercial, the commercial is gonna be a hit.


Right? You put a little kid in a commercial, it's a hit. It's a, it's a, it's a win. So when you bring your kid, like the only thing he didn't bring to that press conference was his dog Minnesota playoff team to you, they're five to No already. I think they are because here, here's why. They, they play, you can't run the ball on 'em. They play in a dome. They're hard to beat there. They really are. And, and they do enough offensively. They, they know how to manage Donald. He's new for a blowup game. We get that. I think they need Aaron Jones back. Yeah, there's no question about that. But they're a good team. They have indies, Arizona and Chicago all at home. They have road games at the Rams, Jacksonville and Tennessee. And they play Chicago, Seattle, Detroit, the road.


I, I don't see a pathway. They don't win 10. And this next team, you and I both really like this team, this Green Bay team. You talked about them a little bit earlier, but they're four two, their easiest home games left are Miami, new Orleans, Chicago. They also get to play on the road against our guy Doug Peterson and Jacksonville. Their schedule's a little tough though. Like they have some hard games, but I, I believe in the talent with that team and especially if they have all the receivers going. I just think they're, I think they're from a talent standpoint, a top five or six team. Well look, I think a, anybody who's playing the A FC South this year, like the a FFC North is, it helps you get three teams in. Right? I think it's gonna, because you're gonna get those wins against those teams.


I mean, you're gonna beat Tennessee, you're gonna beat Indy based on who they play at quarterback. Like this week Miami, if they get Richardson, that's a good chance for them to win the game. If Flaco were playing, you wouldn't even consider taking, you would think they would win, right? It's the same. And then the only team you have to compete with is Houston. I mean, it's gonna be a dumpster fire if Dougie doesn't win this week in London. Right? Well, I dunno if I told you this, but when Sal and I did the pot on Sunday, we came up with the nickname middle seat Doug, for Doug. 'cause we thought they're gonna fire him and send him home, but, but not wanna pay for a business class or even an aisle seat. So he's just gonna be in row 33 B. So then we decided his name was middle seat Doug.


I know we're on your nickname corner with coaches. You're the creator of the clapper and, and DJ Mikey back, but the dish jockey, but middle seat Doug's pretty good. Yeah, it's really good. And and I'll tell you why. It, it's good because, have you seen this new stadium they're building down in Jacksonville? No, It's one stadium. I know they're building it. I haven't seen it though. Is it like a Clippers or Arena thing? State of the art. It's $1.8 billion. Like you're not getting anybody to come see that Jacksonville team if they don't just change the organization. I mean that owner has really no choice but to change it and hiring Ben Johnson ain't gonna put people in those seats. Right. You're gonna have to hire somebody that can come in there and win. Well, I, I know you're too close to this to give an honest answer 'cause you do a PO with them and you've been friends with 'em for 40 years, but the two culture city culture teams or Jacksonville and Vegas that are gonna need to coach this one and both of them feel very be checky to me and, and Dallas of Yeah, I Think Abel in this thing too though.


You gotta put Vrabel in it. Why wouldn't you hire Vrabel and let him run your program? Or Pete Carroll if he feels like he's got three years left. But those are just like big hires. Hey, we have this guy now. Yeah, I mean, look, look, I mean if you want look, they should go. I mean, how are you so bad? You don't even talk like you, you're Carolina, you're so bad. You don't even talk to Belichick or Abel last year. It's pretty rough. Well, they had Dave Canals been an offensive coordinator for like a year and a half. So we have both, we have Green Bay and Minnesotan. So that's three teams. I'm not buying Chicago. I'm, I'm very happy for them that they had those three good weeks in a row against really shit defenses week after week.


I still have questions about how they're gonna block I'm out. So can you, let's figure out this Atlanta Tampa thing. Both of them are four and two, they play each other at some point. Tampa's next four home. Baltimore home Atlanta at Kansas City home San Francisco. So they could be like five and five in three weeks. And Atlanta's schedule's a little easier. But I think we're aligned on this. I don't really like Atlanta. I feel like Atlanta got super lucky. Like I, to me, Atlanta is a two and four or three and three team that is somehow miraculously foreign. And two, And, and, and look, they still can't rush the passer. They have one and Judon has one and a half sack.


So does Garrett. They can't put pressure on the passer. So, and they're gonna always be in close games and those close games are gonna go one way or the other. And they could tilt that way from your direction. I I think Tampa's the best team there. I think, I think it, I think 10 and seven, nine and eight wins that I, I would go with Tampa here. I know they have a hard schedule. As for the Bears. I mean the Bears have played against the, their, their strength of victory wins is 1.82. Hmm. That, that, that's not even, that's the lowest by far. The the, their four wins have come against teams with a rec record with, I think they have four wins total. So like they've beaten up on the bad teams and credit them for doing it and get credit Uber flues. But we, you know, when they play against a good team with a good pass rush, they're gonna have some trouble.


There's no question. Yeah, I think that's gonna, I mean, green Bay's better than Chicago. I don't think there's any, I think Philly's better than Chicago. So I, I don't see, like, I would put Philly and Green Bay in the playoffs before I put Chicago. Okay. So D Detroit, San Francisco. Washington, Minnesota, green Bay, one of Atlanta, Tampa. We'll say Tampa. And that leaves the last spot. I I Philly might sneak in somehow. Yeah, I think Philly will. I think Philly's too good not to get in there, but they gotta play better. They're four in 10 over the last 14 games. They gotta play better. But they have enough players to play better if they're state. But one thing about Philly now, they get outta shape. They're, they're not as well conditioned team as the longer the year goes.


You worry about 'em. So I think Washington gets better. I think San Francisco will get better. Detroit keeps getting better. Look, Chicago's gotten better too, but you know. Yeah, it's hard to, it's hard to know how real it's we'll know, we'll know in two weeks. We didn't mention Seattle by the way. Seattle's three and three, if they somehow beat Atlanta, but their, their schedule's pretty brutal. The best thing is they have Arizona twice and they have the Rams twice. Right. And the Rams might be a mess, but other than that they're playing Buffalo, green Bay, Minnesota, the Jet San Francisco. Like it's tough. But I think this week in a dome with cra where they're playing perfect conditions, no pass rush.


I think Gino will play well. Me, I think this could be a 38, 35 game. I think it could be a shootout. Okay, let's, let's take one more break and I wanna throw some P at and then we get Tuck beat.


This episode is brought to you by old El Paso. Does game day hosting feel like an extreme sport? Not anymore. With old El Paso feeding your hungry crowd is oh so easy. Old El Paso's crunchy standin stuffed shells, bold seasonings and squeezable sauces are fumble free, flavor packed and perfect for cheering on your team. Football season is taco season with old El Paso. Level up your next tailgate watch party. Shop Game Day essentials@oldelpaso.com.


This episode is brought to you by Buffalo Wild Wings, go take out and delivery from Buffalo Wild Wings is now Buffalo Wild Wings go. And for a limited time, you can get 10 free boneless wings from Buffalo Wild Wings. Go when you spend $15 and use promo code go boneless. Which by the way, the way I'm a boneless guy, sorry. I just love it. You know, some people are like boneless wings depending on the situation. Some people are hardcore wings. I'm a boneless guy. It makes it easier for boneless too. When you try any of the bub sauces, you can just smear 'em right in there. They have a crazy amount of sauces and dry rubs, which you should know if you've been to Buffalo Wild Wings. There's like 26 of them. My favorites Nashville Hot. I really like the orange chicken. And I'm an original Buffalo guy. And if I had to pick one, I would pick the Nashville Hot. 'cause I like my mouth feeling hot when I'm eating Boneless chicken. Let's be honest Wings. They're the one true football food. So the fact that you can get 10 of them free while you watch, I don't know, the first Sunday action when they have all those games. In the early games, you're just flipping around Maybe, you got a little multi-view, action, whatever, eat some wings while you're doing it. It's awesome. Order takeout or delivery from Buffalo Wild Wings. Go while you watch the games this football season. Enjoy your 10 free boneless wings and maybe enjoy some Nashville hot sauce while you're at it. At participating locations for a limited time when you order in the Buffalo Wild Wings web or app.


All right. This for a million dollar picks. I know you did the thing with Russo. I don't wanna step on your picks, but I really like the slate this week. Yeah, the Eagles and the Giants, this Giants team, I feel like has passed the point of no return with the injuries. The mine right now as we're taping this is still Eagles minus three. I I I'm all over. I don't understand it. Don't get it either. I mean, to me the the the value's not on the, I mean look, I don't see it. I think the Eagles are the better team. It's, look, I'm looking at my board right now at the Westgate. It's still three now it's three minus one 18 at Sportsbook. It's three minus one 20. It's gonna go to three and a half by Sunday for sure. Well, We're we're taking it now at three.


Yeah. So the, so they don't, the giants don't have their left tackle anymore. Who's the best lineman they had? Right? So now they're lions in shambles. They don't have tib though. So their, their pass rush is the same. They're on their backup kicker. Still neighbors coming back from the concussion. Not even positive he's playing Slatons hurt. Like, here's the thing. If the Eagles lose this game, that's it for Sirianni. Like it's, you have to, that's it's done. So there's a chance they quit on 'em. But I don't see any way They don't beat the giants. It would be, don't either. One of the worst losses of the year. The giant strength is their defensive front and the Eagles can block 'em. Yeah, the eagles can block that front. When I put my numbers together, I thought this line was gonna be five.


The line opened up at five and a half. The, the, the, the, the line before, you know the, the look ahead line was five and a half. But the, you know, the Philly pro, I think people see problems in Philly's locker room. Yeah, well pretty easy to see. I think we both like the Seahawks a little bit plus against Atlanta because Seattle, I mean they have the number one passing offense right now. Right. It's, and look, I know Terrell got an interception last week, but I mean, Carolina was moving the ball on him. They was running the ball. They were moving the ball on him. I mean that was a closer game than the score ended up. Look, I think Carolina's one of the worst teams I've seen in the last five years. I really do. Wow. And they, they're really bad.


But to me, I don't see how they're gonna win. I don't see how they're gonna win a game. I, I don't see any way they can win a game. Forget covering a line. I don't see it. Yeah. But to me they were playing with Atlanta. They just, I I think Atlanta's gonna be in a lot of games that are gonna come down to the final eight minutes of the game and they gotta make a play here and make a play there. And they're fortunate that their kicker so good and they play indoors. So Atlanta, you mentioned the lack of pass rush their 28th and QB hits. Yeah. 30th and QB Hurs. Yeah, that's good for Seattle. 'cause they can't rock And they, and they're 32nd and passing defensive players in the draft. Yeah. You know, you got Dr. Everybody wants to talk about, oh, they got Drake, London. I mean Drake, London's a nice player, but you know, he, he, he's like, he's a good player but he is not the 16th pick.


He passed up good players for that. You got Well how about, how about Kyle Pitts, they give them the one 40 yard play a game and then he's just in the witness protection program after that And he can't block anybody. And you passed up. You could have picked Michael. You put Michael Parsons and Jalen Carter on this defense. What do you have Kyle's with Kyle Pit is with Veto Spa and Johnny Cakes in he New Hampshire. He inin. Yeah, he suffered in that little New Hampshire town. Yeah, that's right. Alright. We both like Seattle. I'm gonna guess you like the Packers, but its two and a half against Houston. Seems like a bad spot for Houston also. Not a must win game for them. No. Nico Collins and I, I just, I like the spot for Green Bay.


I think every week there's a team when after the week we go, oh, they, those guys, they're fine. Or that team's really good. I think this is the week for Green Bay where we go, oh, green Bay, they're a contender. I I love Green Bay. You know what the, my problem is with this game. What? Scott Novak's doing the game. Oh no. Oh no. That really always worries me. 'cause he'll, you know, he thinks people are driving to the stadium to see 'em. So you, you gotta be really careful about that. But I think Green Bay matches up with 'em. Green Bay can win on, they can pass protect, which is critical. Yeah. I think when you play Green Bay, that field really slows you down. You slip a lot on that grass field up there. And if you don't wear the right shoes, but these guys don't wanna wear the right shoes up there. They don't wanna wear the seven inch spikes.


And I think if love has time to throw, he'll make plays on this team. I mean, look, Indianapolis move the wall opening day against them. You know, there's teams that Minnesota moved the ball on 'em. I think when they play on the road, they're just slightly a different team. There's a Scott Novak factor that you worry about that could go against Houston too. Now he can work both sides as anybody. But that's what worries me. Do you think Arizona left some of the park parkas and mittens for the Texans? Yeah. Did they just leave behind Exactly His bad. But when I saw, I mean he had a, he had one of those hats on like it's wintertime. I mean, I couldn't believe it. Like, are you kidding me? It's, it's like in Russia, I don't understand the Lion's Vikings line at all. And I feel like it's a trap.


It's the Vikings are favored by one and a half. There's nowhere Aaron in Jones. It feels like a Hutchinson overreaction. I just think Detroit's better to tribute 'em twice last year. I don't understand it. I don't know why, why isn't this Lions minus three? I I don't, I don't know why that is. I I have no idea. I mean, I know Hutchinson's hurt, but to me, I think Minnesota look San now, it's hard to play there. But Detroit's won there. Yeah. Detroit's so physical, you know, and Detroit ran the ball on 'em last year. So look, I think Detroit's a good team. I think this is a step up. Minnesota's not going undefeated. I hate to break the news to anybody. They're not going undefeated. They're gonna lose the game. This could be the one they lose. Well this will be the corniest thing I say to you on the pod, but you were for many football teams, so you know, there's some truth to it.


So they lose Hutchinson last week, football teams, this Lions team seems super close. And this feels like, yeah, we won this for Hutchinson, this was for him. Game ball, like the whole, I don't know, I, that injury really impacted them. And I think I, I don't know. I just believe in that stuff sometimes. Well, Their locker room's good. I I, and look, you know, like they could trade for a Josh Uche, he's available. You know, they could put him in Hutchinson. They could put him in a role that Hutchinson like that's what I would do. I would find somebody like Uche, you know, somebody that's a n you know, a rusher that's maybe not a starter on a team that could come in and fill that role. I'm sure if Cleveland loses, they could get Smith from the, from the outside.


Russias a Darius Smith. They could put him in that role. I mean there's, they're gonna be able to fix this problem with somebody to come in and just play that specific role. Right. And they could get better doing that. I mean we did that in New England. I mean, we got Akeem, hes, we got Akeem Hicks, we got Castile. You know, you just feel players. They're not perfect, but they fit what you need and they, they can help you win situations. Maybe they could get the guy committing the worst contract hold out since Levion Bell. Hassan Reddick just setting money on fire every week. Yeah. Woody said he gave him permission to trade. I'm like, who wants your problem Woody? Like seriously, who wants to take your, oh, I got it Woody, I'm gonna give you a draft pick to take your problem on. You already did that.


Hassan Reddick's like sliced the loan in cliffhanger when he is burning the hundred dollars bills to stay warm at night. It's like, woo, look at this fire from the hundred bills. That's why the agent fired him. I mean, the agents fired him. I was told that he was going in week one. I think the agents fully expected him to go in in week one. And then the father got involved and that was it. Detroit's offense by the way, fourth pass, fourth rung. Third, third yards per play. Second first out, first scoring like they're a juggernaut. I think they win Steelers. Jets stay away or would you play this one? I think I, i I have no faith in playing Russell or just Justin Fields in the game. I think they turn it over.


I don't have any faith in the Jets. I think it's a stay away. I think the first play will go to, to Devante Adams. But I mean, I think one thing I I learned about, about Mike Tomlin, I mean he's good in these, these coast games. He loves them. They, he, they just live for him. I have, we have Craig Beck who works for us as a huge Steelers fan and he's, his theory was that the Steelers are doing too well. Tom needs, needs the heat from a 500 record to stay alive basically. So that's why they blew that game two weeks ago. He needs to be somewhere where they're not doing too well, but they're also doing better than 500 somewhere in there. Yeah. He like, he needs close games. He, he loves to feel the energy and the rush of, of just being nervous.


I mean, the guy loves, I mean, I think last week he was probably disappointed, Right? He's like, I thought this game was gonna be closer Ravens bucks. I was, I was thinking about a Ravens money line play lowering the over down. I don't understand how Tampa's gonna stop the Ravens ever for three hours. I don't see a scenario where they come close. Yeah. And, and is Mike Evans gonna play? I think that's the real question, right? Yeah. I think that's the one we have to look at. If, if Evans, I mean, let me see it here. I think he's, you know, I've got a bunch of injuries. They've got a bunch of injuries on the team. But I don't see, I thought he was gonna be out.


But, you know, I think to me, that's the one thing that would worry me. Whereas Baltimore's really healthy Tampa's D'S 26th on first down 26th First Downs and Baltimore's first and like everything, Look, they beat Detroit. Detroit moved the ball down the field on, I mean, they're gonna struggle in this game. Baltimore. And this is Baltimore's pesky enough to give Baker Mayfield some trouble. I I would, I would lean Baltimore here. The game I like, I like the Chargers versus the, That was my last one. Chargers minus one and a half in Arizona. I don't know why the line's moving one and a half. You're getting a good number right now at Westgate. It's two and a half. So you're getting a great number. Hmm. Yeah. The zone is D is 32nd on first Downs, 29th against the run, 27 yard per pass.


They also fit your theory of the team. That started out pretty well. But it's getting worse every week. Yeah. Which is never a good sign when we get to week seven. No, not even sign it. And their quarterback has, you know, if you know how to rush him, like if you don't do what the Rams did against him, which is just run up the field and run past him, he looks like he's sensational. But if you keep him in the pocket like Cincinnati did and we Cincinnati's not even a good team and they beat him like to me, Arizona, I mean, beating San Francisco was a miracle. It really took, it took everything had to go right and they did. But it's hard to do that. Hey, you're old enough to remember the Spassky Fisher chess matchup. Yeah, sure. I love from the early seventies. Right? I know you, you were into that In Finland. Yeah.


Is Mayo versus middle seat Doug, is it bring bringing back memories of that for you in London? No, no, no. Can Mayo put his cap on? Right. Was like, is that Cap like it was bothering me the whole game. Can you see Mayo talk to an assistant or a player during these games yet? No, No, no. Mayo just, he's programmed to blame Bill for everything. I, I didn't, you know, he is like, he's just programmed, you know, I even though we signed every single player back, right? Like, like wait a minute, this is your team. You know, well Listen, they couldn't, they were gonna, whoever won the quarterback battle, whoever outperformed the other guy in training camp was gonna get the job. Then five weeks later, Drake gets the job and they're like, yeah, we couldn't start him right away.


'cause the offensive line, it's like you're, you're directly contradicting what you said in the summer. This is why Belichick never said anything in press conferences. You can't win. Yeah. And then, and then their defense has gotten worse. Bill. They're not getting better. I mean they, they were good opening day and they've gotten progressively worse. Nobody talks about it 'cause everybody's focused on the quarterback. But how about Polk? He comes out today when Mayo said he needs some mental help. Like Polk is like, what are you talking about? I'm fine mentally. I just, I need to, my hands are good. Like, he came out and complained like to me, look, these guys are getting head coaching jobs with FI because they're ex-players. We're not the NBA. Yeah. Like it's a bigger enterprise than managing eight or seven players.


It's a different world. It's, it's a more complex game. It's chess on grass. I'm not dismissing the NBA coaches 'cause that's a hard job. But in the NBA, if you play in the NBA, you play offense and defense. So you know everything about the game. You know the game completely in the NFL. if you play off, I mean Mayo, he could pretend he knows offense. He doesn't know any techniques of what the line does. He doesn't know the receivers. He knows what the plays are. He doesn't know the fundamentals and techniques. He doesn't know the whole game. How could he's only been coach in five years? So it's harder, it's a harder game to really know. And then a kicking game and then the front office and how you have to develop talent. That's a whole other element. So like, but look, they, they've got Jonathan there to help handle it and Robin Glazer to help handle it.


We'll see, you know, I mean, and all they keep doing is they, they're so preoccupied with attacking Bill. Like the guy won six Super Bowls for you. At what point do you stop attacking the guy? It's, I can't tell you what a turnoff it is. As a, as a guy who loves the Patriots, I don't understand why they're handling it this way. And then to like for Mayo to say how they asked if he'd heard from Belichick since he got the job and he said no. And people are like, whoa. And it's like, and then Kraft says later, I knew Mayo was gonna be our coach when we were in Israel seven years ago or whatever. It's like he was meeting with everyone knew was gonna be the next head coach and he was working on the staff. They were having meetings during the season last year. Like Mayo was late for staff meetings because he would meet with craft.


Everybody knew it. Like they knew it was all just, you know, it was all, it's the charade. But they can control the narrative. 'cause they have a trauma Process. Well they, they're doing a bad job. I don't think they're controlling any narrative anymore. I I think this is a catastrophe of a year for the crafts. I really do. Starting with that documentary, how they handle Belichick's exit, how they, the team they put together the fact that they have 50 million in, in free agency money that they just never spent. And the team's the worst offensive line way anyone's ever put out way, They're the lowest spending team in the last 10 years. Nobody says a word about it. Like they've never, like the one thing about the Cleveland Browns, they've spent a lot of money, right. The crafts over the last 10 years are the least amount of spending money of anybody. It's it's documented. It's not fake news.


I'm not making that up. It's real. Well, Here's the other thing. You always talk about having a plan. They knew they were taking May in the draft. They knew they were getting wa they, they knew they were getting Daniels or May, right? They knew this the moment the season ended. And then it was about studying them. Who's watch gonna take? But if it's May we're taking 'em, how do you not have a plan for an offensive line or some sort of stability in front of him so you can actually play him? They go into, they go into the season and people are like, well who are they gonna sign? It's like, well, Washington went and got a couple guys that they overpaid for a little bit, but Washington didn't have an offensive line either. They patched together something that was at least workable. They addressed it. I I just don't understand how you have an asset like May and then you bring them Alex Van Pelt in the worst offensive line possible and just this hodgepodge of young receivers.


And they're like, this is great. This would be a good year one for our guy. It's fucking stupid. It, it really is. And they had, they had as much chance to do whatever they could do and they, and then they signed everybody back that Bill had and they complained that Bill, you know, Kraft's talking about he gave him too much authority. Well, you just signed every one of the players he drafted back, you know, and so if you're complaining about what, what you gave him in the draft, then why, why'd you sign all those guys back? By the way, you, you think Calvin Ridley was gonna make a difference this year? We need need people who can block. Yeah, exactly. Right. you need to, they had no left tackle. Auk Auk was gonna help. They had no left tackle. They had no right tackle. They signed that kid from Pittsburgh and then he just quit on him.


You know, and you're signing a lineman from Pittsburgh. I mean, shit, you're, you're not in any good shape. I mean, that's the problem. The guy they signed off the practice squad two weeks ago started center last week. Yeah. They said he had like the best game anyone's had on the offensive squad this year. if you, they found him in the scrappy. So I I I, to me, the the, to me they're so preoccupied with taking credit Yeah. For what happened in the past that they're not worried about their future. Like let it go. Like it's really kind of disappointing that the guy can win as much as he won. And you have this much anger towards him. It's like he stole, like did he steal $12 billion from you? Your franchise just went from you paid 240 million. Now it's worth 8 billion, 9 billion. I mean, really?


Do you think that was only because of you built Patriot Place? I mean, why do you think it was, We learned from the documentary that if it wasn't for Kraft to navigate the Brady Belichick relationship, the thing would've fallen apart 10 years earlier. Right. But here's the funny thing. Now we're finding out that now that Brady is the part owner of the Raiders, he wants to hire Belichick. I don't know if that's true or not. Right? But now we're finding that out. Like, so what's true, like, right. So is is Robert gonna come to the Oakland and navigate that, the relationship too? I mean, I don't know. I'm asking the Issue with the issue with Brady Belichick was Alex Guerrero, like that was it, it's that was it. Like you can say whatever you want, but it was fundamentally, he, he wanted special treatment for his guy that could come in and treat him differently.


And he was pulling other teammates into it. And Belichick, whether he was right or wrong, Belichick felt like, this isn't the kind of team I wanna have where one guy gets treated differently. We've never operated that way. That's right. Right. And they never saw eye to eye on it. Crafted nothing to do with it. Nothing at all. That's exactly what happened. That was the only sticking point of the whole thing. Yeah. Other than that they were together 20 years, they won six bowls, the nine split the team, It splitted the team. He, he, and you know, and he believed in stretching and all that. And Bill wanted teams to do squats and all these lifts. And it's like Gronk came back and he was doing the, the, the Alex program. He had no lower body strength. They had to get him back in shape. So I mean, there was a conflict of that. And so Tom wasn't the head coach, but he had his guy, but he was trying to bring other people into it, you know, and yeah, they gotta, I I never really saw the, this hostile relationship that's being portrayed that had to be patched together.


And the fact is, look, if Kraft wanted to sign him, he could have signed him. I mean if he's just said, bill, I'm signing, I'm giving Brady 40 million, you're just gonna have to deal with it. Like, that's just a cop out to blame somebody. Totally agree. Do you think, do you agree with my theory that Brady would come back if one of the quarterbacks on either Detroit or San Francisco or Kansas City got hurt? No, I think he can't now 'cause he's an owner and he'd have to go through the waiver wire and he just, there's no way I think it gets over. I think this is officially over with. He can't be hyman wrong. So him being the part-time owner has officially closed the door. Closed the door completely. You know, he can't be hyman dying from the same heart attack over and over again.


This is it. He's done. So I think that's it. The interesting thing is how much influence he's gonna have in o in Las Vegas. 'cause he should have some, I I would love to watch him, I would love to stand next to him at the first practice watching Antonio Paris lead the Raiders and seeing that program. I mean, he's gonna be like, oh my God. I mean, you know, I just signed up for this. You know, That would be fun. That would be a way better use of TV time with him than having him announced games just as the, his face during the two hour Antonio Pierce practice Watching that. Yeah. Antonio, so tell me what you thinking about doing in the game. I mean, I would love that conversation. Oh my God. All right. Philadelphia 76 ERs over 50 and a half wins.


And how, and Illa and I all went under Illa, did a little monologue about, he's just done with, with this whole narrative around the team. He's, they did a great job putting bat together, but he just can't take it anymore. It was pretty funny. I you reached that 0.2 years ago. Yeah. I mean, I think to me, what was proven this summer in the Olympics was, I don't care what you put around the guy, it's hard to play with the guy. Yeah. I think that was proven. So you can say, look, I think the guy's enormously talented. I'm not gonna deny that. But he has no of the qualities that great players have that win championships. And nobody's gonna argue that with me or tell me anything different. The fact that he openly comes out and says, I'm not playing back to back.


See this whole idea that we just want to get to April healthy, that's been their whole program ever since. Like, it, it's like they're saying shit that they've been saying for four years, it's just never worked. Here's the thing, iron, iron i iron on iron makes you stronger. So the more you play, the stronger you become. It's not the other way, it's not, the less you play, the stronger you become. And so like this, he's gonna get hurt in April. I mean, Silla was right. I'm gonna listen to it. I haven't yet, but he, he's right to not believe anything they say. And they have this older team now and they've, they've built everything around a guy who can't stay healthy. It's just fact. I, I mean look, I don't care. We finally, he announced he lost 20 pounds.


I mean, it's nine years too fricking late. I so on the one hand going glass half full, he at least realizes I need to be better at shape. I need to put less weight on my knees. The playoffs are what really matters. That's the glass half full version of this. These are all realizations we had been asking for, for a few years from him. Yeah. But Danny Green, I had him on my show and Danny Green said it's not so much that he is not in shape to start the season, it's keeping him in shape because he doesn't practice, because he doesn't play in all the games. You know, and I doubt if he's working on the elliptical or in an eye altitude room where he could stay in shape because he's pedaling a bike and 6,000 feet like, you know, the, the Tour de France so he can keep his breathing up.


I don't think he's doing that. I think he just doesn't play and he keeps getting outta shape and when he comes back, he, he's exhausted. Yeah, I thought he seemed really slow to the ball protecting the boards. Of course, again, in that nsay and in the Olympics where it just felt like everybody on the other team, on every offensive rebound was getting to the ball before he was, which is usually a sign you're starting to hit a different point of your career as a center. But he's still putting up massive stats. So I don't, I dunno what to think with him, but if he's gonna not play back to back Somewhere, well, he's always gonna put up massive STAs an under stats. But he, but he's like, to me it's like you gotta evaluate him against the level of comp. Yeah. Like he, he bullies people around and puts up these incredible games.


But at the end of the day, you have to ask yourself, does he help the team win? Does he make the players around them better? That's what a true great player does. He makes the players around them better. You know, so you can convince yourself Michael Jordan made Scotty Williams a better player. So the Sixers gave him money and thinking he was a good player when he sucked. Right. That's the great player does for other players, right. That he doesn't do that. I mean, what player leaves Philly that gets a massive contract because it be made him a better player. He even found one. So you're already out. Oh, I'm, I would bet that under tomorrow, I, I, to me, I wouldn't even have to think about it because here, you know, I I do a radio show here in Philly and Spike Eskin, who's a huge process guy, and he is like, you're just a hater. No, I'm not a hater.


I'm a realist. I, I know where this movie's gonna end up. I've seen it for nine years and it's organizationally problem. They just, there's no work ethic within the building. Maxi has it because Maxi Iss a unique guy. I mean, Paul George has already heard. Look, I think, I think Darryl Morey deserves a ton of credit for revamping the team. I don't think there's any doubt about that. But the, the where I think he's wrong and flawed is he's building around a team that's gonna crumble because the guy he is building around will crumble. We will see, you know, I agree. But who knows, basketball could surprise us from time to time. I, I feel like durability is a pretty good indicator with the title. We've really only seen Hawaiian Toronto that one year when he miraculously Stay healthy and now he was out indefinitely and they just built this new arena and he is out indefinitely.


Look, here's the reality. Past performance predicts future achievement. That's the reality. And that's what we're dealing with. Past performance predicts future achievement and the past performance is, he doesn't have one. What's your Super Bowl pick right now? Revised week seven, I would say. I think it's Detroit versus Baltimore. How's that? Okay. I think they're the two best teams. I have Detroit and Kansas City. There you go. I mean that's, that's basically chalk, but I, I can't move off that unless Baltimore fixed their defense. So yeah, we'll see. All right. Mike Lombardi, you can listen to him on the GM shuffle. He's all over the place. You've, you've probably seen him, plus you have promote the Belichick pod.


Well that, that's Coach Pod. So you can you get that? That's a podcast. And it's also on the YouTube on the Coach YouTube channel. So we do that every Monday. We do the podcast with Matt, Patricia and coach. And then on, on Tuesday we tap the Coach show where we kind of look at college players. This week we looked at all the players at Alabama and Georgia and then we talk about the National Football League, about what's going on and all that. So yeah, it's really been a lot of fun to do that up there. And we do it at NFL films, which is great. So, so Sopranos, what, what character is Matt? Patricia on that show is the third guy. Oh, that's a Is he like a Sylvia? Yeah, no, no, I think, well there's a role, there's a little bit of Sylvia in that. I think he's probably more like Bobby Bala.


No, he's more like the guy who was advising Philly Ado that ended up Oh, that, Yeah, He's more that guy. He says, look, I agree in spirit, but I have to counsel, I think he's that guy. Okay. I forget his name. It's not Butchy. Oh, but I know who you're talking about. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Phil. Phil Leotards. Conciliary, yeah, He's that guy where Butchy was just, butchy was more, but you know, I agree in spirit, but I have to counsel, he has one of the great lines in it too. When he says to some guy, some guy says to him, he says that Bobby Baccala, he's the number three guy. And he says, yeah, you know, three years ago you were selling fucking laser printers on the back of your crown dick, that guy.


Do you think Carmela should have dated more? I mean, she really only had one dalliance. And then she's like, ah, I guess I'm back with Tony. Oh God, yeah. Maybe, You needed internet dating back then. She needed to go at least on one Tinder date, date or something. Oh, can You imagine? She's going to the paint shop to find her date. I mean, seriously, the guy with a bad hair piece. I mean, come on, come on. God can't do better than that. And then she was some professor. I mean, you gotta do better than that. I told, I told the guy who runs HBO OI was like, it's way too hard to find the Sopranos. And the HH should be, I don't care if it came about 20 years ago, it should be the first thing in the top left. When I go to HBO before Penguin, all the, all the shows First. Have you Pengu, have you been watching Penguin? I heard it's good. It's really good. Yeah, it's really good.


I mean, I've, I've watched four episodes. It's good. It's really, you never know. I mean, they've changed, I forget the name of the guy who stars in it, but it it, It's really Yeah, Colin Powell. That's right. But you never recognized him. But it's really good. It's, it's, it's, it's a little dark in the sense of the lighting at all, but it's really good. Michael Bardy, great to see you. Great, thank you Bill.


This episode is brought to you by SimpliSafe. Let's talk defense for a moment, not the kind you say in the field. I'm talking about what you're doing to protect your home. I personally like to use SimpliSafe. They have my back 24 7, even more so right now with their new active guard outdoor protection. Because if somebody's circling your house, they wanna maybe peek through some windows to check if some doors are unlocked, you have active guard outdoor protection, they're gonna be way less ready to do that. And by the way, the holidays are coming. Think about, this is like the Super Bowl for burglars. The summer, that's probably the NBA finals. And the the holidays is the Super Bowl. They can't wait for you to leave presents in the house. They can't wait for you to go to Christmas parties. The best thing SimpliSafe does gives you peace of mind. Everyone deserves to have peace of mind. That's why I have partnered with SimpliSafe to give you guys an exclusive discount. Right now you can get 50% off their new security system with a select professional monitoring plan. Just visit SimpliSafe dot com slash bs. 50% off this offer is only valid for one week. So visit the website now. SimpliSafe for two is SimpliSafe dot com slash bs. There's no safe Lake SimpliSafe.


This episode is brought to you by PNC Bank. Unlike this podcast, some things in life should be boring like banking. 'cause boring is pragmatic and responsible levelheaded wise, all the things you want your bank to be, you don't want your bank to be exciting. Exciting is for three point buzzer beaters, not banks. That's why PNC Bank strives to be boring with your money. Because when your money is doing what you need it to, you can do all the un boring things you wanna do with it. PNC Bank, brilliantly boring since 1865. Brilliantly boring since 1865 is the service mark of the PNC Financial Services Group, Inc. PNC, Bank National Association member FDIC.


Alright, last but not least, the million dollar picks for week seven last week. I don't know know how, we didn't go five in one, I don't understand it. We ended up losing 19 k. We're down four 17 for the season. Had had like weirdly bad luck, but I feel like we're circling around the right results. I didn't feel bad about any pick even giant Bengal Sunday night. I feel like we're a big week's coming, maybe it's this week, we're going seven games this week. We talked about a bunch of 'em with Mike Lombardi already. The first one, Eagles minus three against the Giants. Giants lost their left tackle. They lost one of their best pass rushers, best two wide receivers banged up and the Eagles.


Here's the thing, if they don't win this game, changes galore will happen. This is weirdly a must win. Just take care of business against the Giants Eagles minus three throwing the ball. I just, this is a talent disparity game. So we're taking the Eagles Packers minus two and a half at home against the Texans. The Packers have been on two weeks in a row. No Nico Collins for the Texans. I think this is the week that we start regarding the Packers as a real contender. I think this is a breakout week for them. So Packers minus two and a half, we're grabbing that Lions at Minnesota plus one 10 for the Lions just to win. I don't care about the Lions plus one and a half. I don't understand the lion.


I don't know when, I don't understand why this isn't Lions minus three. I know Hutchinson got hurt. I still think there's some, let's win this for Hutchinson potential. But the lions offense is the best offense in the league. They won in Minnesota twice last year. I think the lion should be Lions minus three. So I'm grabbing the Lions plus one 10 money line. And by the way, the Vikings have to lose at some point this season. So there's three Seahawks at Atlanta. Seahawks are plus three. I think they either push this or they or they win outright because you can Atlanta's defense stinks and Atlanta easily could have two less, less wins and Seattle can throw the ball.


The Kenneth Walker's healthier. I just think this is a must win for them. There'd be three and four with a really tough schedule ahead and I like the spot for them. I think they're gonna be able to move the ball. But down the field. By the way, Gino has has basically been a fantasy monster this year. I think he has the most past attempts by far. Gino's winging the ball around this year. So we're gonna ride Gino in Atlanta Seahawks plus three the Chargers who I'm buying as a stealth playoff team. A how the hell is this team? 10 and seven. They are laying one and a half points in Arizona. A team that seems like they're just getting worse every week and then every month they play well once and then they're worse again.


I just like the spot for the Chargers well coached team. I love their defense. I think you can make a case, they might be in the running for best defense in the A FFC Chargers minus one and a half. This game will be minus three by game time. So grab the minus one and a half now and then the last two. So chiefs plus one and a half against the 49 ERs. And everyone's gonna tease this. Everyone's gonna go nuts in all these different ways. And you know what? Mahomes is 11 one and one as an underdog. I trust the infrastructure. I trust the defense. If I lose with Mahomes as an underdog, so be it.


Brady used to be in this spot once upon a time. 49 ERs have injuries everywhere. We don't know what McCaffrey's coming back. As much as I like Brock Purdy, I think the Chief's defense can handle this game and Mahomes will do just enough. They'll be able to move the ball just enough. This just Andy re coming off a bi-week. I get a million different reasons why this looks too obvious on paper and why this seems like it's a trick line. I can't resist Chiefs plus one and a half. And then the last one, you know sometimes on FanDuel you can move stuff around. They have a little alternate. Alternate spreads. The Ravens


are minus two and a half, minus three and a half in Tampa. I'm gonna nudge that down to minus two and a half. I'm gonna nudge the over on FanDuel down to 39 and a half as a parlay. So Ravens minus two and a half the game will have at least 40 points, which by the way, it will 'cause both these offenses are going down in the field. And if you do that, that's minus 1 0 5 on Fanduels. That's my featured bet for the week. And then if you wanna get nuts with the London game, I'm not making this an official million dollar pick, but I do think the Pats are gonna be able to move the ball against middle seat dug in the Jags. And I was looking at Pat's adjusted plus 10 and a half parlayed with the over of 40 and a half. That's plus 1 43 on FanDuel. I might do that when I wake up on Sunday morning just for the hell of it. But I, I think with Drake may, I think the Pats are gonna have explosive plays. I I I'm not gonna have turnovers which is also good for the over. But I have a feeling they they're gonna hang around in this Jags game and that this is gonna be it for Doug Peterson. So speaking of Pat's Jags, FanDuel has an anytime touchdown score or prop 30% profit boost on that. if you put that in Hunter Henry scored last week with Drake May, he is plus three 30 against middle seat Doug in London and the Jaguars. And I really like that one because I think there's gonna be a little Drake May Hunter, Henry Bromance. I foresee some Drake may production in both ways. Touchdowns maybe a pick just be ready for a lot of Drake may variance, but I think Hunter Henry will be the beneficiary of at least some of it. So there you go, hunter Henry plus three 30 anytime touchdown. Those are the million dollar picks for week seven. And if you miss the big NBA over under podcast that me and Illa and Joe House did. Here's what we did. I'm just gonna recap it for you one more time. Oklahoma City over under was 57 and a half. All three of us went over on that house. Went under as a lock on Denver under 50 and a half. Illa went under our New Orleans under 45 and a half. Houston over 42 and a half. Illa went house. Both went over San Antonio under 35 and a half house and I went under on that all three of us love Phoenix over 47 and a half, which is apparently the most popular future of the year. I'm not scared by that. Clippers under 37 and a half I jumped on that as a lock and now it was announced at Kauai out at least for opening night and probably a few weeks after that. So sad to hear that news. But on the other hand, that was one of the reasons I picked the under 'cause I didn't think he was gonna be playing Cleveland over 48 and a half Joe House and I jumped on that Toronto under 29 and a half. Not only did Priscilla take the under as a lock, he said some disparaging things about Toronto's planning that we wholeheartedly agreed with Orlando over under 47 and a half. I went over Priscilla, went over Atlanta over under 36 and a half. I went over house, went over and then last but not least, I was alone on this. I couldn't believe it wash and under 20 and a half, just me going under on that. Feeling great about it. So we did really great the last two years on those, we last two years I went 12 and two house one, seven and four and we're still went nine and two. I'm 18 and four on the locks for the last three years. So we'll see how they do. you can find all of 'em on FanDuel and we are gonna be doing a very special, a bunch of bets that you can find when you go on FanDuel, including the super boost, which I mentioned at the top, which is gonna be OKC 55 plus wins. Cleveland 45 plus wins Phoenix 45 plus wins all three of those to hit, which is around plus one 90. They're gonna boost that up pass plus two 50. We've won that three years in a row and this year we're going for number four. So you can follow all that. Go check out FanDuel, they have all this stuff.


Thanks Kyle Crichton for producing thanks to Steve UD for producing Thanks to Mike Lombardi and I will see you on Sunday with Cousin Sal. Enjoy the weekend. Must be 21 plus in President select states for Kansas and affiliation with Kansas Star Casino or 18 plus in president dc. Gambling problem. Call 100 gambler.


Visit rg-help.com. Call 1 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org/chat in Connecticut or visit md gambling help.org in Maryland. Hope is here. Visit gambling helpline ma.org or call 803 2 7 50 50 for twenty four seven. Support Massachusetts or call 1 8 7 7 8 Hope NY or Text Hope and why in New York.