
This episode is brought to you by Uber Eats. Summer is here and you can now get almost anything you need for your sunny days delivered with Uber Eats. What do I mean by almost? Well, you can't get a well-groomed lawn delivered, but you can get chicken Parmesan delivered a day in the sun. No, a bottle of rum. Yes, Uber Eats can definitely get you that get almost, almost anything delivered with Uber Eats. Order now for alcohol. You Must be legal drinking age. Please ENJOY RESPONSIBLY. Product availability varies by Region C App for details.


The Bill Simmons Podcast is presented to you by State Farm. We are also brought to you by The Ringer Podcast Network where I have a new re watchable coming for you on Monday. It is still New York City Month. I kept calling it New York Month. It's really New York City Month. We're trying to find movies that feel very New York City-ish. So we did Diehard with a Vengeance, me and Van Lathan and Chris or Ryan that is gonna be running on Monday night. It was a really, really, really good one. Excited for you to listen to it. And then we have one more Mo movie after for New York Month, and I'm trying to figure out, but I, we'll be taping that later this week. So you can check out the re watchable of The Ringer Movies YouTube channel.


It's also a video podcast. And there you go. We have a bunch of NBA draft stuff if you're into the draft because where you're about to listen to our post game seven NBA finals podcast with a tragic twist thanks to the, the terrible HELLUR entry. But it's Ryan Illa and Zach Lowe Coming up. Zach stays for the first hour. And then Silla and I talk about the Kevin Durant trade plus the NBA draft. So that's Coming up. It's two hours. We did it live on YouTube, but The Ringer has all kinds of great stuff coming with the NBA draft this week. You can check out our NBA draft guide, which you can find out on The Ringer dot com. You can check out The Ringer NBA draft show re you can check out The Ringer BA show, whole bunch of stuff.


So good draft this year. I'm giving this draft an A minus just from a storyline standpoint. So there you go. I'm gonna be back on Tuesday and then probably Wednesday night after the draft. And those will be the podcast this week. Zach Illa Coming up next. First, our friends from Pearl Jam after this break.


This episode is presented by State Farm. It's no secret that great teams need great teammates. I've been saying this for years. And when it comes to Insurance State Farm is there to help you find the right coverage for your home car and more whether you need an in-person or a digital assist that ready when life hits you with a full court press, get a game plan that helps fit your life. Talk to State Farm today. State Farm with the Assist coverage options are selected by the customer. Availability and eligibility vary by state.


Alright, we were recording live after the trophy celebration game set in the NBA finals. Ryan Marillo is here. We brought in Zach Lowe for this one. We thought this was gonna be a special night. It was definitely a memorable night. It was a sad night. It was a happy night for OKC fans. Sad night for basketball fans. I've never watched a game seven like that in my life. Ro I'm gonna start here. I, I think this might be the first NBA playoffs that comes and goes where the team I'm gonna remember isn't the team that won the title. When I think of it first, as weird as that sounds, I can't think of another playoffs. You always think of the champ first. You go through it's like 21 Giannis 20 LeBron and the Lakers in the bubble.


Like you go on through this one, I'll be thinking, okay, see Win but Indie and they'll be right in the sentence with them. Yeah, I, I wanted to wait until it felt like kind of a bummed out recap of Game seven. But I guess it's, it's already there because I think all of us that were watching, as soon as you saw Haliburton go down, you're like, all right, how are they gonna do this? And then they're up at half it, it actually felt like the Haliburton injury messed up OKC more Yeah. Than it did the Pacers. So that would be like the first thing that I had from the game being like, are you guys seriously gonna let this happen to you? Or it's the Doc Rivers theory, but it's Doc Rivers theory in game. Well, and then on top of it, even when it is down, what was it?


They were down like 18 late Zach in the fourth quarter and Mather made a couple plays and you're like, are they gonna do this? Like, I wasn't counting it out. They're down 1 0 3 89 or whatever it was with four minutes left. I'm like, I don't know, maybe they could do this. I Literally went into the living room to watch It lasts five minutes of the game with my wife and talk her through the Haliburton injury. 'cause she was watching it in the other room. I'm watching it in my office. So I'm like, it's over. And then I'm like, I, I look up the score, I'm watching Matthew. And I said, I literally said to her, I think I might have to go back to my office and take this, like watch this with a little closer eye. Know This team would not go away, man. I the Haliburton.


I, I mean there's so many decade ramifications for this. Like obviously the Pacers next year, we can go into all that a lot later. Sil. Did you think they, did you think they actually had a chance to win tonight when you watched the first five minutes pre-injury? What were your thoughts before he goes down? Well, Look, every single time somebody asked me about each one of these games, I would just go like, this Pacer story's crazy, but eventually the talent and the defense of what OKC is. And I know a little bit later I wanna share some of their statistical profile stuff from all these playoff games because you're like, this team just won the championship and it's because of this defense and it's because of that takeover in the third quarter. So I wouldn't rule out anything with the Pacers because we've all come away incredibly impressed and just their toughness and how they're built and who they are and their belief and all that stuff.


So I think everybody just kind of raving about him on social media. But in those first few minutes I thought there was like two things that were gonna stand out. SGA was not ready for how much they collapsed on him in game six. It was pretty obvious he had a career high turnovers. And with his passing tonight you could see that he had adjusted for that. However, OKC, all of these threes are wide open and they still miss them. Yeah, this is their ninth game in these playoffs where they're 30% or lower from three points. But yeah, I guess I never really ruled anything out. Even as, as Zach was saying, they're up, okc iss up 22, you're like, this thing's over, and then it's the Mathen show and you're like, what the hell?


Like in that five, that six to five minute mark, you're like, they've already chipped away 10 points on this thing. I was getting ideas, Zach, 'cause two things. They were calling it tight early, which I thought if, if Indie had the recipe for Indy to win is are they gonna call it tight? Is OK C gonna look tight? And then could Indie come out, hit some threes and start, and they went to timeout and Haliburton was mean, mugging the crowd. And I was like, okay, this is, if, if Indie was gonna steal this game, this is the recipe. And Indie, I think KC was even four for 17 from three at halftime, you know, and, and then the defense took over and that was it. I I thought your question to Ryan was actually, did you think they had a chance to win after the injury and at halftime?


Well that, that's, That's, I guess that's another question well Be, because my answer to your actual question is of course I thought they had a chance to win with Haliburton playing. Well, I thought this was like not quite a coin flip game. I predicted OKC by four. That was my random, you know, OKC really close prediction. Of course I thought they had a chance to win. And I don't think you're wrong to say the runner up is as memorable or more memorable than the champion because this was like some sports magic stuff that happened to the Pacers, like actual, and I'm not just talking about the crazy Haliburton end of game shots and buzzer beaters and miracle comebacks and all that. I'm talking about like, you know, I was talking to the GM of another team today and I was like, what, what do you take out of this Pacers thing?


What do they win or lose? And he said, hope we take hope. Because they are a study in like Alchemy and the whole adding up to way more than the sum of its parts. Like something magical happened to them in the nexus of style of play slash unique superstar chemistry, toughness how personalities and games all mesh together. It was like it was magic. And when they're up one at halftime, you allow yourself to think like, are they actually gonna do this now? I thought the whole time they're just are not gonna be able to score enough points. And Oklahoma City's not gonna have to even play a good offensive game to win this game. They're just gonna grind them to dust piece by piece, by piece drip by drip by drip.


And that's what happened. But I like, this was a magical thing that happened for, It lasts two months e even even extending into the regular season, obviously. And it's, it just, I mean, it's just such a gut punch for it to end this way. I mean, the shot, I don't know if you guys are still watching of Haliburton on crutches in the hallway and McConnell in tears hugging him, is is just, it's, and like I know the Thunder are celebrating, they should celebrate. They were the best team all year. It just, there's no question that it feels like everybody, including the Pacers and starting with the Pacers was robbed of what should have been an epic, epic moment in the NBA. Yeah. It's, as you know, I love sports movies and there was that moment in halftime where you're thinking like, this doesn't even feel like a real, real life thing anymore.


This actually feels like a sports movie. This is like watching the Friday Night Lights movie when they're going in the finals trying and then they lose at the end. It's like, oh my God, the scrappy underdogs, the way they responded to losing their best guy in the worst possible way. You know, it's al it's almost like you're getting hit by a sniper from the crowd or something when you go down like that and to, and to just have them be like, shake it up, be like, all right, let's, let's stay focused. Like, I don't know how you stay focused in a moment like that. Like it's certainly this, when it happened to the Celtics a couple rounds ago, the game was basically over at that point. But Indiana, they had 43 minutes left in the game. And I, I agree that I thought it affected both teams.


How could it not? And, and OK C even a little more. And they were saying the crowd was kind of, kind of, we like, what do you do for the crowd? You know, the whole thing. Definitely one of the weirdest things I've ever seen in a big game I don il. Can you think of in any other, like, this is a do or die game and you bring in this variable that nobody's expecting. I couldn't even concentrate on the next half hour of the game. Like I don't, I didn't even really take notes. I don't know. I was watching it and you know, Indiana was hanging around, but I don't really know, I don't really know what happened in the first half. I was just like kind of stupefied. I was like, did that just happen? These games, I think It lasts two, the first halfs have been played at such a frantic pace.


And, and I don't know that that showed out in the pace numbers. 'cause that was a big thing that we talked about with the way Pacers had run through the East. Yeah. Because OKC was gonna be comfortable doing some of that stuff. But I think the energy, right, the effort, the sheer effort that you see that the pacers throughout you either match it or you don't. And you see what happens in game six for OKC and then it always felt like the games when they came out in the second half, like It lasts couple, it was just, even though you'd just come off this break, you could see that that first half was like draining for all of these guys. Yeah. And you know, I expected, I expected, okay, shoot. Oh, okay, okay c to shoot it better because the role players are gonna shoot it better at home traditionally. But I, I don't know man, like, it, it was, I think it actually speaks to the Pacers in that all they've done is fight now for months.


And if Halliburton's going down as much as the three of us could be sitting here and be like, how do you reset yourself? Like, because it happened so fast. Like, you're out there, there's nothing, there's no other game. And if anything right, they've proven that they're going to respond. So I I, yeah at halftime Mhar hits that shot. You're like, they're up one Anything. They didn't even know how to talk about it at halftime when they do doing the halftime show, they're like, what's like, they didn't even ask Bob Myers. You were in this exact spot six years ago. KI could think KD could think it was one, one game, one thing they could have talked about at halftime. Well, I mean, whoa. I mean it would've been how I led the show.


Like, Bob, this, you had KD coming back from a, from a calf strain in 2019. You were worried about it. He came back and he made the injury worse. Everyone was saying this wouldn't happen to Halbert. And then it happened. I, I mean, I gotta admit, when he had the calf strain game five, I, I googled all the Achilles injuries and there, there, it didn't seem like there was any sort of rhyme or reason to whether there was a connection or not. Some people are like, it's two different injuries, but this was exactly what happened to kd. It's hard not to think this was just the sequel to it. And I, I mean there's a bigger, but you Think this one, you think this is different than KD or just because it's, it's game seven, it's, it's a couple minutes in. It's, well I'm saying it's the same situation where he's coming back playing hurt on an injury that if it was the regular season, he's out for three weeks, four weeks, like he's resting it, but that he was playing on an injury he shouldn't been playing on normally and they were claiming it wasn't gonna make any worse.


And then, you know, it gets, gets worse. And I I I just don't know what's going on. They, I mean this is a whole separate topic and it was one that I was texting with a bunch of different people on. It was like, where are these Achilles injuries coming from? These used to be old managers. They're now happening, these dudes who are in the prime of their career in Tatum's case and Halliburton's case. And I, I just don't fully understand it and I don't, I I know that's gonna be a huge topic over the next four or five days, but it's maybe some of the stuff we've talked about on past pods about how the sport's harder to play. There's more running, there's more training and the miles that you're carrying are from a au is they're just more wear and tear in these guys.


But it doesn't make sense to me why guys who are 24, 26, 27 years old are blowing out their achilles Well the other difference with Durant too is Durant hadn't played in a month and that he came back and like, Hal, the reason it feels a little, it doesn't feel that different to me, but the difference to Hal Bar just kept playing through this and played pretty well last game. But look, I mean, like it's, it's a hard game to talk about. 'cause we should, this should be a crowning moment, right? For the Oklahoma City thunder for just the greatest, quickest rebuild from, from, from the, from bottoming out kind of to utter dominance and having a team that is literally the best team ever probably in all the professional sports, the the best positioned to win now and win later of any team that maybe has ever existed.


And it is their crowning moment. But I think like in 15 years, the number one thing we'll remember from this game is this Tyrese Haliburton in a game that we were all jacked up to watch, got hurt seven minutes into the game And a, and a game where all the casual fans are watching. Like this was one of the, this is like my wife and my daughter are watching this one. My dad's here. My dad and I got to watch Keegan Bradley some somehow get back, come back on Tommy Fleetwood in The Hartford Open today. And that was, that was a fun sports moment. This was not as fun to watch Haliburton go down. I don't know Silla what the, the OKC piece of this. I think Zach makes a crucial point that yeah, this might be the beginning of, you know, a a half a decade run.


I feel like you and I have talked about this after titles before, like we did this, we talked about this after the Denver finals. I remember like Jesus Murray, they're both so young, hey, like we kind of do this after every finals. But in this case with how young they are, I don't even feel like they've peaked with whatever their core is. It feels like that's two years away. So this is pretty unique. There's no reason to think that this is Jalen Williams peak. There's certainly no reason to think that it's Chet's Peak. I mean offensively he was so good defensively tonight great. Especially he closed that one out, you know, and the Pacers wanted to go small 'cause they wanted to be chaotic. They wanted to try to challenge all the inbounds. I mean, OKC didn't have a time after Caruso couldn't get the ball in, so they weren't gonna have a timeout the rest of the game.


SGAs got the fifth foul, which is another thing at that five minute mark, you're going right to Cinder off, right? What if The, and like TJ went right at him on the next possession. I'm like, if he fouls out like this has been four guys on the thunder all looking to get the ball back to SGA for about an hour and a half here. So yeah, like what's that gonna look like? And a real weird part of me was like almost rooting for SGA to foul out. Just be like, all right, here we go. Like haller's out, SGAs out. Like let's see what happens here. But yeah, I, I don't always love the, it was kind of the mission impossible line that I had where like when the eighth one comes out, you can't say that it's the third best one ever. You have to say that it's the best mission. I possible nobody's gonna do that and have it be in the ad and no one can just win a championship without the follow-up questions of like, how real is this?


And a lot of times it's total bullshit. It's a waste of time. It's a Monday topic after championship. It's not good enough to just celebrate the championship. But as Zach said, considering what they've done, how they've built this, how young this team is, what the youngest team in 40 plus years win a championship like this. And even with a couple warts, you know, that their defense seems to solve and we can say now solves enough for them to win a championship, it's totally reasonable to look at them and go, all right, you know, of all the teams in the west, I know we'll get to the east later. 'cause Sixers fans must just be like, alright, is this the year there's, there's no reason to think any of that stuff. Normally that post championship discussion I just Think is so fatiguing and this one is completely relevant.


Well can you imagine if they had ended up with Philly's pick if they had the seventh pick with all the Ace Bailey drama right now and be like, are they gonna fucking get Ace Bailey? I, is that where we're headed with this? I mean that seventh pick especially, I know Illa has been grinding tape. I think even our guy Zack Lowe's been grinding a little bit. Grinding, grinding, Grinding is strong. Whatever is like a little soft wind and grinding. Yeah, just finish sanding. Yeah, But that seventh pick is, you know, you might really get a dude there. So that maybe that's the one silver lining with this Okay. C piece. Zach, one thing I liked about them today, I thought, you know, Jalen Williams was bad in the first half but really came on second half. SJ was great the whole game.


I I really liked everything he did today. And then Chet was great. You know, you win the title, you want your best guys to have a good game in the biggest, biggest stage. I do think we're gonna have a complicated relationship with this as a game seven though. 'cause you think back to all the game sevens from the past and the first thing that jumps to your mind with each one, like 2016 LeBron, the block Kyrie shot and you just go through and it's in this one, you, you're probably gonna think about Hal Burn first and then probably SGA second. What else? What else? What would be the takeaways other than that? Well, SGA, you know, greatest eight of 27 shooting game of all time. Like it snuck up on me how, how bad bad he shot from the floor, but he made a effort.


He seems Like he made a shot for It lasts 40 minutes, right? But He but 11 free throws, 12 assists. One of the best passing games of his career. Yeah. J Dub like you said, recovered from a shaky first half, pretty dominant second half and Che was just everywhere defensively and just their wealth of defensive talent when they don't play Joe at all, it's like, what am I even supposed to do against this team? It's just what, like that guy made all defense. That guy made all defense. Those four would have that they've been eligible but they didn't play enough games. Like, what am I even supposed to do? And that's like the ultimate tribute to this team is the one thing that's consistent game in and game out is the puzzle that no team could solve four times in seven games is Oklahoma City's defense. No team was able to solve it.


Maybe the Pacers, you know, who knows what happens if Haliburton doesn't get hurt, do they put up a a better fight obviously, but like this is a tribute to how good the defense was with 1122 left in the game. Shea hit a step back 3 84 68. I wrote in my notes zero test by that. And which by which I mean could they not score the rest of the game and still win is are, is is is Indiana even gonna get to 84? And they did get to 84. They got to 91. But like I I actually thought could the Pacers pitch a shut out for 11 minutes and 22 seconds and still not win the game? Well what was it they had that stretch where TJ was the only guy that scored for was like 10 minutes, 10, 10 plus minutes of the game.


And it's, and like Pascal, I like, I just, it shows you how great Haliburton is. Like he is the straw that serves to drink his combination of the threat to shoot off the dribble from 30 feet, the instant getting off the ball, passing the unpredictable movement. It's like without him, the whole thing they, they're not the pacers and they were, they, they did enough to stay in the game for a half, but they just, their backup plan just wasn't there. The separation that Ccam thrives on all the gaps. He, he sort of darts through when they open up they don't open up without Haliburton. Yeah. See Kom hit that three, right? So there was that weird near shock clock violation three that dot hits and it's ridiculous.


All right. And it was off another one of these kind like messy, just get it back to SGA, like there were a lot of offensive possessions here for OKC where I was like, do the other four guys have zero interest in doing anything? I just hoping SGA figures it out. So I think I'm with both of you guys that if you look back at the box score on this one and be like, SGA didn't really have that great of a game seven at shoot it. It's like, yeah, but he's dictating everything. It's like a bad Steph Curry shooting game where you're like, okay, but he's still so important everything that's happening. And I do think there was an adjustment in his willing to pass because only had two assistant game six. So Ccam comes right back and hits that three, I think about 10 30 left in the third quarter. And at the time I'm like, if the Pacers pull this off, like I wrote it down and was like, this will be such a monstrous three because Dort shouldn't have hit that one.


It just goes in from that 10 30 moment on. Even though TJ is just dicing everybody up because even in game seven, the secondary defenders still weren't ready for this TJ McConnell fucking show. It's unbelievable what he did. He, well he scores all those points in a row. See Akim did not take another shot in the third quarter until that thing at the very end with five seconds left. Now he did sit for five minutes. So then when I thought, okay, he got that rest, he wasn't a big part of the offense because everybody's kind of watching TJ go off. I was expecting him to try to get that push and very early in the fourth quarter he gets a possession and you can see that he wants to be aggressive. It's not him checking out, it's him not, you know, like being afraid of the moment. It wasn't any of those things.


But he gets into this position where Chet comes over just swallows him up. Yeah. And, and Ccam twice had these two early positions in the fourth quarter where he's, he's like, this is to, to Zach's point, like, oh shit, like everybody's paying attention to me now and I'm not gonna be able to just cut off his Haliburton, dicing everybody up and just breaking the paint. Well that was the fun part about that MCC McConnell stretch when he scored all those points. But I think he also had at least four turnovers and they were just like, if you ever wanted your answer on could McConnell be Jalen Brunson on the Knicks, if you geared your offense around him, we're throwing everything we have at stopping him. I think he had the two turnovers in a row and they hit the three threes when they blew it up and all of a sudden they were up nine and they were just coming at him, coming at him and it was like, oh man, the clock struck midnight for poor TJ McConnell.


And then he scored 10 straight points. He was like, no, I'm just gonna go to the basket over and over again. And was just fighting these guys off by himself. But yeah, I thought the thing they miss, I mean on top of all the other stuff you miss with Halbert and they just don't get fast breaks without 'em, you know, they're none, they, they couldn't push none. They couldn't push the pace at all. And if it's gonna be a half court game, OK C's beating anyone except maybe Denver, if we're just going half court versus half court and that's how Denver was able to hang with them. What else do we need to talk about KC wise, Zach? Is there a way for them to get better in your opinion? Oh, abs absolutely. And I what, What would be your number one move? Well I think, I mean, you know, the talking points are always, well Chet's just scratching the surface of what he can be offensively and you know, he did not shoot the three, I mean one to two from three today did not shoot the three well in the playoffs again.


And J Dub still has levels to get to as the second and third guys. I think just along with that, those guys getting better offensively comes a, they, they still have like molding of a general offensive system to do that's, that doesn't default all the time to just like Shea, can you do something at the end of the clock. And I think that's what Ryan was talking about earlier of like just, yeah, the dependence on his one-on-one game. The synergy between Shay and J Dub, you know, we saw them run a few pick and rolls at in this game like they did at the end of game five. I think it was when they, when they cracked the defense a little bit with that. I just think like, just building out the offense is the thing that would scare me about the Thunder if I were all these other teams in the west trying to load up and compete with them is that they still have as a collective levels to get to.


But look, I mean the Haliburton thing is also a reminder that even, I mean the thunder are probably gonna be the exception given how well they are set up now and later. But like none of this stuff is guaranteed. That's what's heartbreaking about this Haliburton injury. Like, it's not like when were, when's It lasts time, the Pacers were in the finals there, there's no guarantee they'll be back at this stage ever in Tyrese Halliburton's career. Like none of this is guaranteed to you, not even to the Thunder. And that's why getting all the way here after all this grueling stuff and having an NA, it just sucks. Like, it just objectively sucks. I would also add, like, I'm happy for Presti because it was always the annoying guy and I'm using that as just the catchall annoying guy of like, oh, if he's so good, you know, and you're just like, shut the fuck up.


Okay. And to think of what Zach's talking about with Haliburton, like, I thought about it too. It's like what's the likelihood Haliburton gets back to the NBA finals? Like it's, it's far more unlikely than likely just the way this stuff plays out. And if you're a Thunder fan and it's not like I have this decades long like sympathy for Thunder fans the way you would maybe say like the Cleveland Browns or something. But for that group to have Katie Westbrook, Hardin Sge and make it to the NBA finals in 2012 and feel like they were competitive, right? Even though it was a five game series and you're kind of leaving there going, all right, you know, we got some of that playoff seasoning and we're good. And imagine like telling anybody, imagine telling pre be like the next time you guys are gonna be here, it's in 13 years.


So it's A, an amazing rehabilitation. Yeah, I was, when they were watching, watching everybody hug and celebrate and pret, they showed Presti hugging SGA and you think back to that summer when, and Ryan and I were doing pots together that summer and all the focus was on the Clippers trade and me and OKC did well for themselves 'cause they had hit a dead end. The Westbrook era was done. This, this, that, that was it. There was no chance to win a title with Westbrook and Paul George and whoever else they had. And to be able to parlay that into what they did with weirdly an umbilical chord to that 2012 finals that Ryan's mentioning where it, it does feel like it's somehow connected to that era because they took that era as far as that and then they turned all the assets into the rest of it.


I do wanna point out they did, I mean, did you feel like this was OK C'S first title or their second Zach? Just the just question. I don't get the question. KC won the title today. Is it their first title? Is it their second title? I'm I'm not gonna wade into these wire With you. No, no. You're waiting in, it's a question you have to answer. It's It's their first NBA championship. Okay, there we go. This is my Minneapolis Lakers case or something. Well, But does anyone disagree? Nobody know. KC in the fans are like, aren't we got our second one? No, but This One no. Says number two way no One's fighting with you on this one, right? Yeah. Lakers fan. This is the Minneapolis Laker point. They, they still claim the five Minneapolis Lakers status, whatever. Jack sick Was seventh in MVP voting that year.


This episode is brought to you by MICHELOB ULTRA. One of the best things about summer, all the different sports going on. You might be playing volleyball, golf, tennis, baseball. Who knows? There's so much to do. If you really wanna have some fun, spice things up with Michelob ULTRA as the prize because winning always tastes better with ultra on the line. I'm a big tennis guy, especially during the summer. Nothing better than a couple sets. Sweat it all out. The ultra's waiting for you. Don't do this with pickleball because you shouldn't play pickleball, play tennis. That's what the real people play, play tennis have an ultra superior is worth playing for. You can fill your fridge with Michelob ULTRA this summer@doordash.com. Super easy, ENJOY RESPONSIBLY. Copy, copyright 2025 Anheuser-Busch Michelob ULTRA LIGHT BEER, St. LOUIS, Missouri.


This special portion of The Bill Simmons Podcast is being brought to you by Loom, by Atlassian. You're feeling stuck at work. They can help you trade out lengthy emails and unproductive meetings for something better looms video messaging. With it you can record your screen, you and your voice to share messages easily so you can save time and still stay connected. Share a quick update, provide feedback, train a colleague, everything in between try Loom today at Loom dot com. That is LOO m.com.


Can can we fast forward to how weird the East is next year and then circle back and talk about the finals? I don I don't know how long Zach's staying, staying 'cause he's on East Coast time. Nope. I, I'm glad we have to talk about this. No, but I'm, I'm glad you're doing it this way because, and I'm this, I just wanna say this before we go forward. I'm glad we're doing this right after the heat of the moment and after the trophy presentation because it's going to go down as a weird podcast. Like we, and it's weird because we don't know how to talk about the gig. Like what you said before about, I was just at a haze for like an hour after Haliburton got hurt. So this should be a strange podcast that jumps from like, hey are the who's favorite in the east next year with all these injuries to what do we think about the Thunder's legacy as a champion to poor Tyrese Haliburton.


Because it just, it's a hard, it's just a strange moment to be, to talk about. So I'm glad we're getting strange. Let's talk, talk about the freaking East next year. Yeah, so, so two pieces. The first piece is the Haliburton piece out for next year. No question. Heartbreaking. I was so bummed out like it, I just couldn't believe it. I like, 'cause you knew right away it feels like we've seen enough of these that as soon as you saw the calf shimmy, you're like, oh my god, really? This is happening for him? He just went through this whole eight, nine month thing where he went from basketball fans, knew who he was, wasn't really a household name to like, I felt like he became a legitimate star.


He became the face of a team that we all loved. Even if you weren't a Pacers fan, you have your own thing like it. This was the front man of a team that I think was the biggest winner of this entire NBA playoffs that didn't win the title. And now he's just gone, we have no idea when he's gonna be, it'll be 18 months before we see him play basketball again. And I, I just can't believe this is how this worked out Ricc Low where you have somebody who's, it's like watching some like a summer movie where they're promoting this movie coming, this movie coming this so and so it's like, oh man, this guy's the new Superman. He's gonna be a big star and then that's it. We just don't see him. I just can't believe this is how it happened. Yeah, because I couldn't even start thinking about the east until like halftime because then it crept in my head and I knew we probably should have to do some of this because yeah, I think all three of us are like, you know, it's not like we're a Thunder podcast.


You know, sometimes like I think of the sports center rules, the arguments I would get on the radio show back in the day of like, well this team won. It's like, so what are we supposed to do? Just say they were awesome for seven minutes. Like what's the actual topic? Yeah. And we've, and we've gone, we've all on our our own podcast, we've all talked about all the reasons that are awesome. I mean the East was weird before this Haliburton injury. We were like, what's gonna happen with the east next year? We had no idea. Now it's three times weirder. Well Maybe I could guess that Zach, the GM you were talking to wasn't Kobe Altman if he was like, this gives us hope 'cause it felt like a team, A team that didn't have high end talent and after Cleveland gets C You excited for the potential Lalo Ball jail in Green Back Court down the line.


Yeah. Label Ja whoa con K Nipple. Yeah, let's go. Did K Nipple and Jalin Green work together? I don dunno, But like If you're looking at everything that we said in the moment with Cleveland, you're like another disappointing early exit, incredible regular season profile. Clearly Garland is even more hurt than we realize it's missed time at the next season. But I would always talk with you about it and be like, you know, most of the GMs are just gonna go, Hey we ha we really like our four guys. We spent a ton of money on the fifth guy and Hunter. We added shooting and all these different things. I mean Ty Jerome's probably gone, but we'll probably just run it back even if we seem a little flawed. And it's embarrassing that we lost that series of the Pacers, even with the Garland injury.


Now if you're Cleveland, you're just going, well of course we're running it back now. Like, who are you Afraid of? Tatu Tatum's out. Halliburton's out and the Knicks just had a coaching change and God only knows what's gonna happen with them Dam's out. Does that even, I mean if you think that matters part, Yeah, that's definitely a hundred percent part of it. And Orlando who does, by the way, this Bain trade and now they're like, Jesus, Did you see the Orlando odds went from 30 to one to win the title to 12 to one After the injury? My God. Come on. Yeah. Well this is one of my, this is one of my subplots I that I talked about last week is like, and it's even more relevant now. Is there another Bain style move coming for like a random team?


Not that Orlando was a random team. I thought Orlando would've been a 50 win team this year had they stayed healthy. So they're, they're above that. But like, are the hawks gonna be like, Hey, you know what, how many picks we got? Like can we go, can we go get, I don't even know who it would be. Can we go get this guy, that guy? Like, like why Not? Do you wanna do some hawks trade exception talk? Oh my God, five Bill Bill 25 million. Yeah, they could fit Dylan and Brooks right now. We'll take them Think bigger. I don't know. No, I'm just, you know, I think Smaller when it comes to trade exceptions Because I was reading Some free agency thing the other day and it's like, oh, it's like okay, right. So the $25 million player has to be another guy that costs that much.


The other team doesn't want anything back for a value. I, I'm ashamed to admit the only reason, the only reason I know about that trade exception is I, I was looking at three-way deals with Drew going to Phoenix and Di Brooks going to Atlanta and the Celtics getting Roy O'Neill and saving like $23 million. I did. I just, I gave it a test drive on the, on the trade machine. I'm not saying it's a trade that could happen, but I was trying to, trying to figure out some, 'cause Surpris I can't with that I, I probably shoulda have, maybe I could screenshot it and put it on Instagram. But yeah, if you're, if you're Cleveland, you have like a legitimately embarrassing loss. You win 64 games and you just go out, you get basically sucker punched round two and then after that happens, Tatum go as that's happening, Tatum goes down, Halbert goes down and the Knicks got only, we don't, we still don't know who their coach is.


So you're saying Cavs 73 and nine next year, I think Let's put those Put put pressure on them now I Thinks let's, let's run and then Orlando I think's feeling good and then I think you guys are right. Like there's gonna be some wild card east team. We've had some fun trades where teams who weren't in it we're like, maybe we're, maybe we're a contender and they'll just do something crazy. I'm on nature the seat playing. Yeah, They start calling up Comm Being, hey some bitch trade. What's going On with Julius Randall and you guys, Hey look man, Toronto, Toronto took Yako portal off the table for Kevin Durant. Like I don't, I don't know if I don't, maybe Toronto's not our candidate for a wild trade. If you're taking Jaka Perle off the table and Kevin Durant trade talks, it's, you know, maybe, maybe.


So Was that Real? That was real, yeah. It's a real thing that happened. And it was the Miami thing real that Sha said because that like, that Haywood Highsmith and what he Weren't said no. Yeah, that one was Sean's with Miami was no one was available. Nobody. Tell me, tell me what he said. I didn't see it. He is basically saying like, they were like, we'll give you Larson Wiggins Wiggins and a contract and the 20th pick. Like they basically offered nothing. Sounds like Somebody's a little anti total. I like Jale just fine. I'm just, it is like, like if do are like could you, do you want Kevin Duran or not? Like do you, like why are you on the, why am something on the phone with whoever's taking calls for the sons?


If if Jaka Perle who I where, how, where, what is he the 16th best starting center in the NBA 12th ninth today date, the 18th. I don't know, I'd I, I'd certainly would not take him off the table for anyone who averaged over 20 points a game last year, much less. 25, 26, 27. Yeah. So he ended up going to Houston. We're gonna talk about that later. But yeah, so Cleveland, Orlando, I, I mean, and then you look at the Pacers, they have this magical run. It's amazing. And Now you know, no Halbert next year, not in a lot of ways. Detroit, Detroit 50, The Other 1 58 wins next year for the Pistons. I mean let coming back Ron Holland, year two Are there, our guy.


Is there anyone else now that Durant's off the table that you feel like is a elevator for a team like Detroit for instance? We've already had team, we've already had Bain and Durant traded. I'm looking at the standings. I mean it's, it's, it's gonna be hard to find a team that's like motivated to sell, let's call it like the Jeremy Grant line. A team that's motivated to sell a player that's better than Jeremy Grant. Like I think we all agree Jeremy Grant's a nice NBA player from a team that might at some point want to pivot away from him, but also not a guy who you're gonna be like, whoa, They got that guy.


That changes my, my whole thinking about the team and the Memphis guys seem to be somewhat off the table. I think your best candidate would be marketing, right? Like just like if they decide just this, This is Sean Collins. Is Collins above or below the Jeremy Grant line Below? I don't mind them. I think it's an expiring contract too, but the grant thing you're taking on some real money that's like over 90 billion. So I'm not, I'm not as excited for that. I know if Silla was a gm he would've, he would've already scouted all the eight and post ups from last year. Try to try to talk yourself into It. The other place to look is like, like Der Rosen to me doesn't, doesn't do it.


But the Levine like is there any big Zach Levine fan? Like this guy's changing. Is he above the Jeremy Grant line? I think he probably is, but not by he by think he is not by as much as as his sort of raw stats, which suggests I don't think, well He's playing for his number one fan right now in the So Priscilla, how far below the Jeremy Grant line do you have Bradley Beal? Is it, is it like you go into the basement and then there's a special freight elevator where you have to go another, it's like nobody knows about the elevator and then you go another three floors down. If I could do Beal four grant, I'd make a grant statue. If you're, if you're Phoenix, Right? Yeah. You don't even have to play And then he would veto it after you made the trade.


Yeah, I, I'm so you know, one of the reasons is that the ranch trade happened was 'cause the draft is somehow three days from now. So on a Wednesday night we just had a game seven. It's, we have a seven two hour. And so Phoenix wanted that 10th pick. I still feel like Dallas has, Dallas is the one I'm watching. 'cause I just don't think the roster that they have is gonna be the roster they start October with. And I don't know whether it's gonna be Gaffer or Clay or PJ Washington or what they do, but I just feel like there's some sort of move with them and I think gaffer would have real value. But, but I'm talking about like that's not Cat's puling. That's not, that's below The, that's below the Jeremy Grant line.


But I think Dallas is the most likely trade. And then I think Sacramento, I'm always gonna be on the edge of my seat waiting to see what they do. Can I, I don't Think we were gonna do a gaffer grant debate, but I mean Gafford probably means more for certain teams definitely than Grant would because as talented as Grant is, he also can be a little Tobias heresy. Look, I I just wanna apologize to fair to like we're to the listeners. We're all just part, part of my basketball soul just evaporated during the, the s injury that's well heard and now my brain is broken and I'm gonna say a following the following sentence out loud on a podcast, an hour after the Thunder won the championship.


Does anyone know what's going on with Zion Williamson? If we're talking about the Jeremy Grant line and tradable guys, like is it, is he, do the Pelicans want him? Joe Joe Dumars is somehow now the GM of the Pelicans do, like do we know what's happening there? Because that, I guess that's another name we should at least be like that guy could change if he ever actually played. He could change some, change some themes. Well, Illa is our number one Zion expert. I know, know he's been monitoring it. Yeah. I I still think ownership really likes the idea of him there and they feel burned historically with other big names asking out and having great stories. But you know, again, I don't know that because Baron Davis was good after I'd be like, we have to keep Zion.


I personally would just be like, Hey, it's, it's time to move on from this. Even though I think all of us, when it's good, we love watching it. I've referenced that Minnesota regular season game when he was back and he was spry and ready to go and I was like, this is a fun, fun game. But there's also like a basketball question with Zion because the best, the best version of him is when he is your point guard and you just let him go point Zion and he kills everybody. No one can stay in front of him. And the funny thing is like you just play off of him 'cause he can't shoot. And that's normally what you would do against somebody who's a penetrator. But you actually are allowing him to get a running start so it kind of backfires. So you then have to close out on somebody who can't shoot. And then I've always kind of liked his passing, but yeah, look, if he were healthy we could probably have this conversation about him.


But I do think that there's a fair conversation about like what he would actually bring to an already established team if it's we just get a clear out and let him go. A much taller, more athletic version of TJ McConnell. Like as great as TJ McConnell has been throughout this series. I didn't think I'd ever see five out TJ McConnell just beating up on a defense player in the restricted area and a team being like, this is how we wanna run our office. This is like who, this is our identity. What Zach, if you had to make a documentary about anything about the 2025 finals with just the tj just trying to, trying to figure out how this guy was attacking one of the best defenses we've seen in It lasts 40 years and getting shots that he wanted.


Just trying to understand that. That's that's like a, that's like a two hour doc apo, Apologies to the listeners again, but there was like, there was a two and a half years ago he, he would not shoot like he did not wanna shoot And then sometime last season, this the, I don't know if he flipped a switch in his head, if Rick Carlisle flipped a switch in his head, he was like, I'm gonna go get me some buckets. And I'm like, gonna be an elite isolation isolate. Forget picks. I don't even need picks. I'm just gonna isolate like I'm a six eight wing and I'm gonna get buckets on fucking everybody off the bench and play my way into the six man of the year conversation. I've never seen a transformation like it. The Thunder just won the NBA championship by the way.


So do, so Lou Dody would be the only, well, Lou Dort would be the only thing if they had to like try to save money with extensions. That's the only move. And I, I just wouldn't trade him. He's bet he's beloved to know you can't. He's beloved. And I'll tell you this about Lou freaking, He's, he's also too important in what they do. I just, to me it's a non Star not trading. You know what, you know what we can say about Lou freaking and.you can say a lot of things about Lou freakin th but you could never say he will stop shooting threes if he goes into a slump. That dude is gonna keep on shooting contested three after contested three after contested three. Right. And he just, he doesn't care if he's missed six in a row. He shoots with the conscience of like Clay Thompson, just like, of course I'm gonna make like the next seven that I Take.


I love it. Thunder Lost. I always like they're going in. You do. I do. I I don't know why I just, something about him. He's got a very Specific launch angle where there's some where you go, whoa, whoa like this. He is, he is playing this one up. I did have a list of to-dos for the Thunder had they blown this, which I, I wrote some of that stuff down first. One of the reasons they can't get rid of Lou Dore, even though it's been suggested, if they want to get really clever and constantly stay in front of this and allow themselves the financial flexibility, I would be afraid to see what the personality of this team is without Lou Dork. Yes. Okay. Because every team needs a badass and he's still kind of a quiet badass.


He's not an outward emotional guy. And at the times when I was wondering what the hell's going on with this team, like what's, what's wrong with the thunder right now? And it's like, are they too casual? Are they still a little too chill? Is that still even something that's fair to say about a team that just won an NBA championship? 'cause clearly it's not so detrimental that it prevents them reaching the ultimate goal because they just did it an hour ago. But it's part of the dork conversation because this is, it's like taking Draymond away from Prime, Stepan Clay, as great as those dudes were, you needed somebody who was always on edge. And I think every team needs one of those guys. And Chet's certainly not ready to be that guy. I don't even know if that's in his personality physically.


Like I'm so excited about Chet when he can actually hold his position. Yeah, because I mean it's just a nightmare for him trying to hold up. Which looked a lot better when the other team went small tonight. But the, the dot thing I think is really interesting 'cause I'm with you. Like you would hear could they get in front of that and I think they desperately need his personality. Yeah, because he's, the reason you do it is I think he's up to like 20 million a year and you could just, you have guys on your bench that are cheaper replacements. That's it. That would be the only reason. But Zach and I went to game four and in the second half of that game he, I thought he was the MVP of the game. Him and Caruso, they just took the game over with their, you know, by, by just being like alphas on defense in like a really specific way.


Like the way they carried themselves, the what, what they tried to do to Halton. I mean one of the complaints I had about this series was there was very little bad blood shit talking anything, all the stuff that we're just used to in a fine, it was a very polite series and that I thought the second half of game four was the only one when they really ramped it up where it, it, it felt like a little more, little more personal. I don't know Zach. So if they keep him, then you have all these young guys on the team. I guess it is what it is. It sounds like, seems Great. Yeah, I was gonna say we can, We can to, there might be some to minutes somewhere, maybe some garbage time stuff for him.


I don know how they change. They have fif They have 15 contracts next year, like 13 guaranteed contracts. And then AJ Mitchell and Big J and Williams are team options. That's 15 dudes. That's all you can have on an NBA roster. I think the guy to look at for like, how do they re reorient the roster a little bit to just not be a, a second apron team and just get crushed by the luxury attacks more so than Dort is Hartenstein player op team option rather for 28 and a half million in 26, 27 maybe. You know, I I'm not saying they would decline that. I, I just think like that's, I I'm sure that some part of their brain is like, it would be really great if two years from now he was not super essential to our, like Chet had ascended and the rest of our team had ascended where it's not like super essential to pay another center this much money And I be schedule And I bet DOT would take a, a decent like, team friendly deal too when it comes time the Heart, the Hartenstein signing felt like the cap scheduling signing that we see a lot of teams do where it's like, before we have to extend all of these guys, let's just use the space now, add the asset.


You gotta have the owner sign off on it. But I mean, he's a, he's a really big story. And remember last year their fatal flaw felt like the rebounding, the rebounding rate numbers were atrocious. They weren't great this year. They weren't very good at all in the playoffs, but It was pretty, and he wasn't very good in the finals. No, I I really think he, he became, you know, they ran the first two plays for him where game six it was a hard role and then they did the same thing tonight, but they weren't able to get it to him. And sometimes when I see that kind of stuff, it's like they wanna set the tone to have him be a little bit more engaged offensively. Yeah. And even his passing is really good. But you know, it's one thing when you're running your regular season offense through him 30 feet away from the hoop and he is kind of passing over the top of defenders if you, if you're caught up in some sort of scramble.


But you could see Dal was just trying to go away from him. You know, I mean he started a series of them on the bench, you know, so that's a really expensive luxury to have for a team that's gonna have to pay a ton of other guys.


So that special portion of today's episode where we looked at the Easter conference, was brought to you by Loom, by Atlassian with video messaging from Loom. You can trade out these novel length emails and back-to-back calls and finally stop feeling stuck at work. Simply record whenever you need to share with your team. No video production or editing skills are needed. It has easy to use skills NI AI features to help you make it exactly what you want. Get on back on track, try Loom today at Loom dot com. That is lo m.com.


Zach, I don't know how long you're staying but we gotta talk SJ really fast here because Yeah, he is the first since Shaq in 2000 scoring Title MVP finals, MVP. And the problem with with SJ is there's not a lot of controversy with him. There's not a lot to say. There's no zags. He's just scoring 30 to 32 a game. Sometimes it can get a little one dimensional, but I feel like that's probably the fault of his team. Like Sul laid out earlier, his assist stuff was really good today, which is a theme that we've seen in the, as we get, especially these finals games that happened with Tatum last year, where the unselfishness really comes out as like a strategy.


But is there another level for him to go to or is this it? No, I mean, look, it's hard to have another level from MVP in a year where, in a year where Yoic had the year that he had and you still won MVP and it wasn't like an outrage. I, I think he stepped up his three point volume this year and if you could marry that with some better three point efficiency, he'll continue to grow as a playmaker. I like the stuff they were doing out of timeout with him off the ball. We would talk about that on podcasts where he would set back screens like, can you leave? But there's like, what else are you supposed to do? I do think it's kind of cool the the whole foul grifting thing kind of faded. Like it wasn't a talking point at all in the finals and I didn't feel like it, it needed to be like it.


He wasn't like shamefully going for fouls and I don't, I think that was always kind of horrible. It was cool that that just vanished as a storyline. Yeah. What do you got? So yeah, no one talked about Mhar trying to get fouls. Just a little counterpoint there. Decent Zag. Yeah. Not even his zag on that one, like 8.9. It's funny 'cause Tatum, the Tatum conversation always felt like, hey, he's really good and he is never gonna be the best player in the world and it's okay. And the Celtics were always ahead of schedule playing deep into the playoffs and then it was like, yeah, but you actually think they were gonna beat some of these teams. The Eastern conference finals are granted, there's there's a heat or two one in there that you're like, okay, what went, what went wrong there?


Especially a couple years ago, but it felt like Tatum and maybe it was 'cause the Olympic stuff where it was like, if this guy's so good, you know, the cool thing for SGA because it all feels very on schedule with this team because as you had said, which I think another thing we need to give the thunder a ton of credit for is I've heard people talk about them like, oh, they tanked. They just, they had Chris Paul that one season they get to game seven of the first round against Houston and then they have two down years and then they're right back into it to being competitive. Yeah. This is one of the quickest resets ever. And again, when you nail on the same draft Che and Jalen Williams to go with a guy who's gonna be MVP, like that's, it's pretty good.


Like a lot of the hard stuff is done on your to-do list and building out a roster. So however this team has been around, this isn't like, and this may have led this, some of the lack of interest that it wasn't the best player in the game at a young age trying to finally get over the hump. Or it wasn't one of the guys who was considered the best player in the game. Like imagine Giannis without a ring being in the NBA finals in 2026 and it's like, man, now maybe with him not being American that would be a little different, but there seems to be a need for some dramatic buildup. And the funny thing is this all feels very, very on schedule. Like it makes sense that they, I think they still should have beat Dallas last year. They didn't, they housed Minnesota.


We start to think, okay, this pace thing's probably over ends up being a terrific series, but them winning this in this year at, in this form, even though I still want a little bit more from the guys around him. It it's just so like, like there's nothing disruptive about it at all. Exactly. It's ahead of schedule. It's ahead of schedule. You think it's of Of schedule. I I mean the Supposed to beat him. Well I'm just saying the team to your teams don't get this good this fast with this many young players. And even Shay's turning 27 in like three weeks, he, he's still like, not like he just entering his traditional prime. Yeah. It's Like, it's basically their second playoff run. So from that standpoint, just based on how the league works Facts, how the league works, I would say yes there Has but they were the favorites too.


Yeah. But based on the competition. Yeah. But It, it is weird that they didn't have their version of, you know, the, the, the Steph game in 2222 against that Celtics team. Like there's just like the heartbreaking loss, the closest they came to is Shea Fowling, who is it? PJ Washington in the corner. Yep. On the three. That was their heartbreaking loss. Well just usually you have a couple years of those and they, they just didn't Flashback to two years ago when Denver wins the title, if you had said who wins the championship next, well who wins the championship sooner? The nuggets again, or the thunder, you would've, we would've all said the nuggets of course, like the thunder, their playing team, like they've, before The Zeke nod was The play in the leap last year.


It's It's fair, It's a fair point. Again, that's Point they were crippled by one 8 million extension, completely paralyzed. The the Play, the play in team to what they were last year is that's the mega leap. I mean they made another mega leap this year, but that was the one where I was like, you saw it coming. I didn't think they would make that leap that fast and that that's like a massive, massive jump. Yeah. I went, I I remember doing this before two seasons ago, just trying to figure out was it realistic and looking at history and there were some, some pretty decent examples, which is why like if you're Detroit or Orlando, you can look at OKC and be like, hey, it's not, it's, you know, it's not as crazy as you as you think they were below 502 Seasons ago.


They were 40 and 42. Right. But everybody thought that year they're gonna have like 20 wins And, and Illa the point you made about how they really only threw away two years, it felt like more than two because all the, all the Poku five out offense, just watching that on League pass in real time in February, March and April. That's why it felt like five years, but it was really only a little cluster of a couple months. You think Poku watched? Oh boy. Yeah, he did. I'm sure he did. How could he not More bummed out Poku or Josh Giddy. Josh's gonna get paid. Yeah, Yeah. I Guess he's Getty will get over it. I I bet Money Poku didn't watch.


He was like, that was last night. I didn't realize. Well it's interesting because you think of the initial incarnation of this team, it was SGA and Giddy together, right? And then there was this moment where SGA all of a sudden it's like, yeah Josh, you're just not gonna have the ball out anymore. We have this guy and he is gonna average 30 points a game this year and our whole team is moving this way. So maybe you can learn how to shoot some corner threes and push the ball when you get it. And that was it. And SJ just took the team from him, the Jaylen Williams piece. Him, I remember he was such a fun draft guy. We all, I think The Ringer was really high on him that year, right?


Weren't we all in on him as like the, what draft was that? 2022 was Zach 22 With us, Chad, at the same draft in the same time. I remember, I remember Sharks loved him. Like we were, we were, we loved all the, is there a Jaylen Williams for this year for you? Celo? Do you have one yet? Ooh, yo, that actually right? You need Me a little Carter Bryant. I don't like Carter Bryant as much as everybody else does. Okay. Apparently like every single team really likes him. And I'm always kind of like, huh, wow. I guess I'm wrong. We, we shall see Zach, you should sand, sand that Carter Bryant tape for like about eight minutes, You know, but you know who JJW is for me.


There's, I actually should make a list of these guys. There's always a bunch of guy, there's always one guy every draft, maybe not even every draft, maybe every other draft who I watch him play. I'm not a college basketball guy, I'm not doing that stuff like you guys are. I'm a just fly in. I'm not and watch a little YouTube and do this. That's, there's always one guy who I watch him play his first NBA game and I text like 10 scouts. How the hell was this guy picked 12th or 15th or 17th and not like way higher than that. And Jalen Williams was that guy. I watched him play one time. I was like, whoa. This guy was like, whoa. He was 12th, right? Like and he was like a late riser. He was Behind, behind Osman. That's right. Same draft, right?


You know, so that's why I'm still excited about him. Presty took him before. See, you know, does Zach know about Usman Island? It's just ow in a cabin with no electricity, literally just like Cabin sail, it's on shore, just washed up on shore. I'm To trying to get off like Tom Hanks and Castaway, the waves are smashing your raft over and over Again. He's not giving up. I mean he's only like 22, right? Isn't he? He's still young. Oh, Unfortunately he's on a team of people who are also 22 and way better than him. I could see a second unit running their offense room was a worst roster. So, but Then again, people used to say this about Nesmith Island and look what happened.


Well Now I, I floated out Cam Whitmore Island today and I'll tell you we weren't, didn't have enough people working in the office to to, to write down all the credit cards people are in. People are ready. People are saying TJ modeled his game after came with more. So we have final, final odds right now on FanDuel. Let's go. KC is plus two 20. It's like far ahead of everybody else Just to make the finals. No, to Win the finals. To win the finals. So This is about as prohibitive of a favorite coming outta the finals as we've had. So my thing is, if I'm chasing a ring, I'm trying to go east harder than ever now, right?


Like we talked about the LeBron scenario. Oh boy, what was that four weeks ago? Celo when I was throwing Cleveland Trade Z with LeBron, Jared, Allen and Deandre Hunter for LeBron, something like that. Little who says no action's is this one of Us has to say as the no trade clause just In case. No, he would have to agree to the trade, but if he's agreeing to no trade, there's only one place I think he would go. But if you're LeBron, could you talk yourself into that? I dunno, I'm just, I'll put it this way. I haven't taken my eye off that situation. Imagine if Giannis, I know I sound like a lunatic If Giannis had ended up in the West, Right? Well now, I mean we didn't talk about Milwaukee but more I, they weren't trading Giannis anyway, but now they have to feel even more embolden to keep you on us and see what they can patch together.


It's a whole conference of why not us, just every team. Why not us? Is it, well I'm gonna bring up the Celtics. It's the, the 56 minute mark. Do the Celtics reevaluate how they're thinking about everything? My quick answer would be only based on the options that present themselves. If somebody thinks they're getting Jalen Brown at a discounted rate, they're probably just gonna say no and be a competitive team next year. I would say no. Yeah, I still think they have to slough off some pretty major salary just to just to do it. And It's been a really frustrating conversation with Celtic fans in my life who don't seem to understand how the seller cap and trades work, whether they're gonna trade hol how they're gonna trade JR holiday and get under the second apron.


It's like, well, you know, they have to take a contract back. Look, I know these things are very complicated and running a sports league and organizing a sports league and a collective bargaining agreement is very hard. The NBA has not helped itself be fan friendly in that regard. Like, I like the swaps upon swaps, upon swaps, upon swaps thing. Like I just have regular people in my life who are like, can you explain why this pick is, I thought my team had a pick, but my team suddenly doesn't have a pick and it's this pick. Instead I'm like, it's let me direct you to real gm. And even that, you might wanna get your attorney to help you understand what's written on real GM to figure out that one, The only one who has it figured out is, is our friend Bobby Marks, who just has these screenshots with all the informations that he can Twitter pick out at any moment that just tell you exactly what a team has.


He's the only one who seems to understand it. I remember Ruel and I were doing one pod after they did the CBA and we felt like something substantial had happened, but we didn't understand it and we were like, this feels like something. It just feels, and we just, and then people started telling us after like, oh yeah, this is a fucking disaster. It's a hard cap. And now Zach officially anointed at a hard cap. But even the Durant trade, I think that was one of the reasons it's just not easy to make trades anymore. There are All these trapped doors that you forget about. Like, oh, but if I do that, oh, then I'm capped at the first apron. That's right. If I do this in a trade and like I send a pick over here, then oh the first I'm hard capped at the first apron that, so I gotta do this.


It's like, okay, okay. I, the i the cap guys should all make like a million dollars the best cap guys. 'cause it's so goddamn hard. I'm sorry, I just saw, I just saw a headline on ESPN And Oh, let's hear it. Oh no. SGA in the conversation with Jordan and Kareem What conversation? Tall Athletic. Wow. Okay, so I, I see the headline and it's a, it's a talking, it's a, it's a video clip. So I would watch the video clip. Maybe it's single season accomplishment.


I'm assuming that's the con that's the context I would assume it is in. Yeah. In which case it's like, okay, you know, 30 points a game. 30 points a game in the finals. Again, finals. MVP, regular Steve, MVP that I'm gonna listen to it. Yeah, You guys, you guys, I can't wait. As soon as we're done, I'm gonna grind that video. Zach's a journalist of the three. He brings up a great point. Like, I get mad whenever it's like somebody else gives you the titles. I'll look at titles of my own podcast being like, that's not what I said. Well, There's just no way that anyone is like, now he's in that class of player for a holistic career. Like no one would ever say that. It might, it has to be a single season thing. Well, There, I mean the most interesting thing with him is the guard conversation that he is in now from start to finish seasons.


So the, the pool that he's swimming in is pretty crazy. We're gonna take a break. Zach, are you, you, you have a, you on East Coast time and then we're gonna talk to rant now. If you wanna stay, feel free to stay. If no, I'll, I'll parachute out. I, I will parachute out and let you guys do the Durant thing. I appreciate you letting me crash the party, the usual Simmons fun party and I just weird night, weird night in the NBA. You're right Zach. Regular season for one season averages MVP, the whole thing. Great instincts on this. I could be an editor. Great Congrat. Thank you. Thank Congrat breaking me better. Congrats to the Thunder. I'm gonna go watch some TJ McConnell highlights before I go to bed and no you're not.


And see what happens. Enjoy the Durant trade talk guys.


This episode is brought to by LinkedIn. During the season, every baseball team plays 162 games. It's a true test of endurance. It's not enough to have a hot month or two. You need sustained dominance throughout. While the same is true for your small business, it's not enough to have a great Q2 or even a great year. You want year over year growth that starts with better hires. That'll be there for the long haul to find those hires. Use LinkedIn. LinkedIn has strong hiring data and insights that you won't find anywhere else to help pair you with the best candidates from unique skills and interests to the connections you have in common. Based on LinkedIn data, 72% of small businesses say that LinkedIn helps them find high quality talent. LinkedIn also lets you go beyond people who are actively applying in a given week. 171 million LinkedIn members aren't actively seeking jobs, but they are open to new opportunities. That's a big pool to miss out on. If you're not hiring with LinkedIn, find your next great hire on LinkedIn. Post your job for free at LinkedIn dot com slash simmons. That's LinkedIn dot com slash simmons to post your job for free terms and conditions apply.


This episode is presented by State Farm on the basketball court. The best players know when to pass and off the court. You still need teammates who are there when accounts. That's where State Farm comes in with agents to help you find coverage that's right for you. You can focus on what really matters, whether that's hitting game winners or just getting through the day like a good neighbor. State Farm is there. State Farm coverage options are selected by the customer. Availability and eligibility vary by state.


This episode is brought to you by Michelob ULTRA. Cracking open a cold one on a hot summer day is one of the best feelings, but it's even better when it feels like you earned it. Like in a friendly little competition. It's always better when there's something worth playing for In Michelob ULTRA Superior LIGHT BEER is a pretty great prize. Hmm, I would, I mean I would be all tennis for Michelob ULTRA because that's what I do all summer because tennis is an actual sport unlike pickleball. So tennis, doubles, singles, whatever. Let's play for an ultra, fill your fridge with Michelob ULTRA this summer@doordash.com. ENJOY RESPONSIBLY copyright 2025 ANHEUSER BUSCH, Michelob ULTRA LIGHT BEER, St. LOUIS, Missouri.


We're gonna talk to rant. We got traded. So on the one hand I feel like the league should pass a rule. There should be no trades within 24 hours of NBA finals. Game seven seems like a decent rule. On the other hand, I don't know how you would enforce it and and I thought it was a pretty fun trade. I thought it was an awesome trade for Houston. I just loved it for them. I don't, we could talk about the Phoenix part after, but just go, why don't, why don't you just take, don't even ask me a question, I'll just, well Houston, well we talked about this last week. I had so many more assets in the trade, they didn't give up Jabari Smith in the trade. That's a fucking miracle. Like for Phoenix to trade the rent. It just speaks to what I, I mentioned, I can't remember It lasts part.


I did what was Wednesday or Thursday? But like I just think the offers were so terrible everyone low-balled them because everybody knew they had to trade him before the draft and everybody knew they wanted to pick. And it ends up being Jalen Green, who, I don't know if there's four teams that they could spin him to for 33 million a year. And then Dylan Brooks who at 21, 20 2 million a year I think is a solid asset if you're trying to trying to win games and then the 10th pick and that's basically the trade. So I think for Houston, no brainer, 10th Pick wouldn't have played for them. Plus you, you get rid of Brooks Now you get to play Tar Easton and Whitmore basically give them those minutes.


Plus Amman Thompson like I just thought, I thought the trade was a home run for them. Yeah, I loved it. I mean Stone is on an absolute heater. He's, he's been incredible that draft picks. They've been incredible in how they've worked a lot of the stuff and yeah, we knew that they were limited offensively like the Durant market, right? The Durant market, if we go through it, you knew it was getting bad when you were just at least hearing the rumors of like Miami won't include who at first. It started with like Hillel where, and you're like okay, I could see why you just wouldn't wanna be in a hurry. Or you would say no until you think like if you wanted Durant that bad, you're saying no about where for days until maybe then you finally give in but then you're like hock ke wasn't come on, right?


Like there's no, there's no way because the salary piece that you're moving out in Wiggins I think is less attractive than Brooks because Wiggins is probably gonna get you some numbers, but I don't know that he impacts the game the same way Brooks does. And by the way, shout out to Brooks for all the jokes when the Lakers eliminated and granted he brought a lot of it on himself and then he wouldn't do anything with the media after they would lose. So it's not like I was feeling bad for him, but like dudes didn't think he was gonna be in this league and I still think he's somebody who impacts games. And you know when that contract came out and Houston gave all that money to Brooks and gave the massive deal to Fred Van Lee, a lot of us are going like man that is so much money for that level of dude. But it's like, well we gotta spend it on somebody. We probably have to overspend this way now over Houston.


And they flipped Brooks into Durant. So like there's just all these things you can look at with Stone being like, oh he did that right? That worked out well. So credit to him credit the rocket rocket for office. You got two guys who he knew could play in playoff series and they did, Right? So like the Jaipur part of it, like was he really not available? Well maybe not. I'd probably like him a little bit more than Zach does and considering how expensive Toronto is, like they're gonna have to get one of the expensive guys get like rid of one of those dudes. When you heard the Knicks rumors, like now we've come full circle, it's like, well first of all, apparently they didn't want him but the early stuff on that was Mitchell Robinson and og. Now I look at that, I'm like Phoenix would've been pumped. I love Mitchell Robinson. Now remember the Playoffs, remember I was thinking towns for Durant straight up that, I mean that's like three times what Houston paid.


Yeah. So that's not happening. And then when it comes back to Minnesota, I can understand like with Randall and the playoff, our player option, which he probably opts into at like 30 million because I don't think he wants to opt out and go to this free agent market. But then it's like if you're Phoenix, do you want to get in the Randall business for 30 plus another 60 plus million over two years? I don't know. I don't know that there's a ton of teams that wanna do that kind of stuff. And then even San Antonio and I'm finishing here quickly, but like San Antonio, if they had done it and whatever their case was, I would've been like okay, yeah that makes sense. And if they don't do it, which obviously they didn't, then I could also understand their position on that one being like, yeah, maybe it doesn't make a lot of sense to add Durant here because you're not just adding a 37-year-old player who's terrific scorer.


You're adding somebody who doesn't have the greatest history with how happy he stays with franchises and the fact that he's gonna cost you like another 120 million, which this probably was worked out ahead of time for him to be like signing off on this. Even though we had heard last summer right around this time almost exactly to the day a year ago that he wanted Houston but Phoenix didn't wanna move him out. Alright, so you put all that together and I think it kind of makes sense that this is what the price ended up being, isn't it? Yeah, well for Houston you're getting somebody who can shoot the ball in It lasts four minutes of a game and maybe appear on a panel about the future of the intersection between athletes and business. There we go. Get those two, those two verticals covered.


Now are You mad that Reuben didn't invite you again this year? I got invited, I just, it's in New York. You didn't go white party you gonna that? I don, I don't go back east the summer. I try not to. How about you To Vermont? I go back to Vermont usually I'll go back to the vineyard. No, it's a no-brainer for Houston. I think it's great for Durant, I was really excited because I want him to have one last act. I wanted him to go to the right team. I think Miami's a disaster and I really am dubious how much Miami even wanted him or what Miami wants to do in general because They didn't wanna add Hock has legitimately didn't put, wanna put him in a deal after all the other guys didn't wanna put in a deal then they clearly didn't want him that bad.


No. Like if I, if hi Smith, if you, if I had a buddy who was selling like a, I don't know a Ford Bronco and I knew you love Ford Broncos, I'm like, this dude's, it's like a 1973 Ford Bronco. He's like giving it away and you're like, yeah, I don know. I'm like, but you told me last week you really wanted an afford Bronco. This guy, it's right here. This is so I just don't think Miami, I don't think that Miami knows what they wanna do. We talked about this last week. I think they're a mess. I don't think they, they have any idea whether they should be trying to pursue and try to be good in the playoffs or go the other way. So Durant and having to give him an extension just didn't seem what they wanna do it. You're give, you're paying a hundred million dollars a year to him and Tyler Hero, where are you going?


Right a year from now. Is that a recipe for anything in the East Durant? Well, well I guess in the east but, so anyway with Houston, the fact that I, what's what's really interesting to me about this is they kept their flexibility for one more trade if they wanna do it. And I don know whether that trade happens in the summer or whether it happens in the December, January, February range. But like for instance, as we covered many times Giannis is not getting traded this summer but if it's January and they're 15, the bucks are 15 and 25 and he is like, you know what this sucks. Let's, it's time Four bucks. Fans have to hear it Saying they still have their chance.


If the Celtics changed their mind and they're like, God damn we didn't realize we'd be this bad and we're gonna pay how much money in luxury tax. Like yeah maybe we will trade Jalen Brown. They have the flexibility still in some of the assets to make a second move. Which I thought this was gonna be their move and this might be move number one. So I thought from that standpoint, great. And then from a Durant standpoint, I'm excited to see him in playoff games again because I thought it sucked those teams that he were on, he was on basically since that Brooklyn Bucks game were not fun teams to watch, you know, and teams that had real, no, no real upside from a Phoenix standpoint, I have no idea what they're doing. You, you have to really like that 10th pick.


You have to feel like you're getting somebody who is gonna be potentially like an all NBA guy if that's the centerpiece. 'cause we know it's not Jalen Green and Booker together that's, I can't imagine how those guys are playing together and then you got Bradley Beal next to them. Like I, what is this? It's a lot of depth like what is this? Yeah, no I know I one position I'm worried about your guy. I don dunno if you wanna talk to somebody about all your booker stock but you might wanna like get rid of some, It won't be his fault Phil. Just like diversify the portfolio. Yeah, We're probably gonna have to make a call tomorrow. But yeah, you know there's a lot of other factors I like, let's have a Jalen Green conversation like right now, what do you think?


Let's do it. Like what do you think about this? I want him to go to a bad team and have the ball a lot for like a year. That's what I think. I'd love to see him and maybe Phoenix will be the bad team. I, I do feel like there's something there and I think he's young and I think he's had stretches that made both of us go, wow. I thought he got worse last year as the season went along. And I thought in the playoffs they were scared to even have him out there in some of the fourth quarters, but he's still young enough that there might be something there. I don't Can you run an offense with him as like the creator slash looking out for everybody else? We haven't seen it yet. Well you Can argue, Which is why I'd wanna see him on a bad team.


Yeah, I know what you're saying. I mean his second year he had almost a 30% usage rate on a team that won 20 games. So I don't know that Houston's ever shied away from exactly what you're talking about like Right. But I, I think What happened But an older version of him To be fair to you. Exactly. I know what you're saying. You're saying okay 50 year version of him. I don't, I don't know if that's the recipe. 'cause clearly he is gonna get his buckets if you give him the shots and when you get drafted as high as he gets drafted. It's a bit like a top draft pick in baseball where they almost always will call him up even if they don't know that he deserves a roster spot or Like bull pay. Yeah, like how that bull pays just in the Yankees. Even though he's bull pay Big bonuses, you know, signing bonus stuff would happen in baseball all the time where he'd be like, why is this guy get called up?


There's like five other guys in AA that are better than him. It's like well we didn't spend the resources on them so we have to make sure we know whether we're right or wrong on this guy. So I think there's, it's not apples to apples, but there's a close parallel there between Jalen Green being picked this high and going all right, go to work. And I know I've already referenced it before too many times in the pod 'cause we just did it. But that stretch when she goon was out at the end of the regular season last year was when I thought this light went off for him Two seasons ago. Yeah. But then you go to where he was in the playoffs and you're like, hey your counters don't work and you can't shoot and we desperately need like the possessions are there for you.


We don't really love any of our options here. It's not like there's two awesome Hall of fame scores and you're getting shut out because you're the third option. Like we're allowing you to be a one option here offensively probably a lot longer than anybody else would want to. And again, credit to Stone. Yeah, We're we're in the playoffs and we need you. Yeah, Yeah. And, and you can't, so hey he didn't, he didn't close out a bunch of playoff games his fourth year end. That's probably being a little harsh but I think he needs to figure out how to play with somebody else and maybe that's good for him in Booker. I, you know, I don't know. Or maybe they want nothing to do with it and they're happy to get the pick, they're happy to have Brooks to add some kind of toughness because whatever it is Phoenix is doing is it feels like they're still trying to fix this thing on the fly around Booker.


Which is usually just gonna make it worse. I don't think. If the goal is to keep Devin Booker as your franchise guy through his entire prime, I don know if this trade is gonna help that. Who's your best case scenario for them with the 10th pick? Who could actually come in and play real minutes for them and be good for them? Because I don't, I Don't think Mal Watch is gonna be there, So Oh gosh. Yeah, I, I don't know that he's gonna Be there. House wants him at six. Sini thinks he will be there when we talk. I don't even know if we did that on the pod because I like Maow watch more than he did. He does way more work on it. So I would defer to him if you're listening to this. But I listened to that whole podcast on Saturday morning. Thank you.


Bill Had a coffee seven o'clock in the morning when somebody writes 160,000 words about the draft, I'm gonna give them an hour. He's literally wrote 160,000 words. It's insane. That's like almost the size of what my book was just banging about. Kudos to Sam. Unbelievable. Yeah, It's unbelievable how And so we were talking about the Mal watch range 'cause then I, there was this guy Noah Senge who's playing, you weren't a fan in the German league. And then somebody else hit me up and was like, you know when we went to their facility they were playing your podcast like do you feel bad now about what you said about us and gay?


And I was like, you know what? I'm mad. I'm mad that draft people are talking about his incredible free throw rate. And I'm like, I watched the games. I can't believe the horse shit stuff that he got calls you Made him better. Maybe it was a wake up call for him. You're talking about how he's falling down all the time. Yeah. Get up dude. What's going on down there? So yeah if there's a A center but this is a weird 'cause after Malow watch unless like Baron Air more, which I don't think that's, that seems a little high for him. I do like, so the kid from Georgetown and again the mock stuff is stupid 'cause then you keep looking at him and you're like, I love this guy at 14. It's like, but you can't take him at 10. No. But there was one you guys had a disagreement on one guy that I thought was fascinating 'cause I thought Fears was guaranteed top 10 and Sam had him 18th and was like look I don't like small guards And he can't shoot Show me.


He's like show me this. Show me the small guard with shooting issues that's come into the NBA and been awesome. And I was like ah. Because I just had him in that seven to nine range. Just assumed. But that that put the fair god in me a little bit. What I do love about this draft after the first two is that like Trey Johnson, the Texas kid makes the most NBA type shots of any player in this draft. Right? And can't finish anything. Can't finish the just atrocious numbers. What he's like basically the best version of Eddie House you've ever seen in your life. That was, that's my trade. Johnson take it's Eddie house on a heater. He's a little bigger than Eddie VJ's got the most motherfucker in him out of this group and Kniple is the most adaptable and I don't know what's gonna happen.


'cause then you keep hearing that Utah likes fears at five because if you're talking yourself into fears, you go, he can already get to the rim and get past defenders in a way that is so special. There's No way they can take him fifth I re I I can't accept it. Why? Because of Utah's roster. Because of him. I just think he's, I you can't, you have to take who's left between VJ and Ace, Bailey and K Nipple. You have to and if you wanna get nuts and take Malus there, maybe fine you can talk me into the centerpiece but you can't take fears Twin Towers, Kessler and Malach. Well then you trade Kessler to the Lakers for the two first round picks.


They've been allegedly offering for a year and a half. I just feel like Utah's have to, they have to be dying for VJ or K Nipple to get there. And if neither of them in there, they're just gonna take Trey Johnson 'cause he'll he's the best asset at five. Like that's how it has to play out. I don't know what Danny's role is as far as like the final say now with Austin there and of course Zan was a big part of all of this stuff that happened. But Danny was getting off. First of All Ryan, Ryan Smith has final say listening to Danny and I think those other guys are in the room would be my guess. Ace feels like such a Danny pick. It really does To be like what's wrong with These? I Who said that right? Yeah.


He's like, I watch Ace, I see a 30 pointer game scorer. Yeah 'cause the stuff to be scared of with Ace. It's so funny 'cause if he turns out to be a bust, you go see the start the way he handled his representation, the Rutgers, that team never won the the the the fact that his assist rate, you could just point to all these different things but like if you watch the right YouTube clip on him, you like, like you'd think he's in the running to go head head with Flag and Harper like there's one of those hoop Intellect had some really good YouTube videos. Shout out to that guy. I don't understand why you watch, Do you not have Synergy access?


No, but I'd like watching, I like the YouTube guys where the guy tells me the strengths and weaknesses. I like those clips. There's a hoop Intellect does a good one because I think There's like a Marty Conlin YouTube clip still going around being like how did it not happen for this guy? Well that's the thing you, I like seeing the weaknesses. 'cause like VJ the weaknesses were, what you pointed out is like how come every time he drives to the basket he whips the ball against the backboard and it goes flying the other way. It's like at some point the guy can't make a layup. That seems like an issue. But with Ace there was a chase down block section that was like the most exciting 45 seconds I've had in June other than maybe the Haliburton game winner and game one he, he looks like LeBron on these chase down blocks like 2012 LeBron.


So I don't, there's just like a lot going on both ways. Like can clearly score from 18 to 20 already. Like nobody you've seen. But I also think he might not play for two years. So for Utah, do you care? Well Utah should be doing anything based on need and the fact like I'm always trying to think about like because Danny's drafting habits, anytime he just, you're like, oh Mark is smart. Yeah, that makes sense. And you could say, I remember one time I'd asked him, we had like press availability. I didn't go to many of those but one time I was just there Waltham and I went what's the most important asset? Like what's the most important trait to have? And it was, he was like, he's shooting, like shooting, shooting.


So then you're like okay well that doesn't really make a lot of sense of fears. And then you could counter that by saying well he took Rondo. It's like no he took Rondo because he thought Rondo was a freak and every other thing and they couldn't, This one took him 20th. Right. He also couldn't believe how much he had fallen because I think they had him like six or seven. But the Jalen Brown conversation, 'cause you remember that draft very clear, it's Ben Simmons, it's Ingram one and two and then it was a constant like what the hell is gonna happen at three? 'cause there's all these other names. Yeah, people kept thinking Chris Dunn, it's like, well if they don't like him and he played at Providence then nobody should wanna draft him. Even though Chris Dunn had a nice little revival this year with the Clippers, but certainly not what you're thinking of with the number three pick. But the Jalen Brown conversation because that Cal year was a mess, right? Cal was there. That other kid was there, they were big time recruits and like Jalen didn't even look like he knew how to play basketball yet.


But the angel argument was physically he was so gifted in his size and there were still some like, you know, we're talking about Jalen Brown's handle a cow but he, he wasn't worried about all the other basketball stuff as much as he thought like this guy kind of fits the mold of this big athletic wing and you know, if we let him just kind of get loose he might figure some things out. And I've been thinking about that when I've been thinking about Bailey. But the difference that we know for fact, Hold on, can we, can I add one thing on that Danny thing? 'cause it's a really important point you just made and there's one piece you're missing and we've talked about it before, I think a million years ago, Danny loves pedigree and if you go back, like you mentioned that Jalen thing, the ESPN top 100, Jalen was the fourth guy in that class, right?


Danny doesn't care about what oh what was your college year like? Like they took Avery Bradley that year 19, he was the number one guy in high school the year before Ace Bailey the number two guy a year ago and went to this weird Rutgers team where they basically just had two guys and nobody else. Right? It's got weird representation. It's all fixable stuff. Danny's gonna look at the pedigree, which is why I don't feel like, I don't feel like fears is in play for them. If you look at that draft last year, first of all there were five guys that were 90 fives or higher in that draft class. Cooper one, ACE two, VJ three, Harper four, Trey Johnson five.


And I just think he's a pedigree guy and he's gonna take one of those five guys, whoever's left they're taking and if takes Billy they're taking him. It's a great point 'cause it was a big Bob Myers thing back in the day. Like Patrick Baldwin Jr. Was a five star. He was supposed to go to Duke and then, right, That's a good example. Kevon Looney was like a big time high school guy before he went to UCLA. So there's a lot of that stuff there too. The Avery Bradley calls. Perfect. Now what I'd also say, and this is really about the draft and trying to figure out what the hell Utah's gonna do is if Ange thinks that Ace is not wired to be competitive because it's clearly Jalen Brown had that in him. Yeah. You know, even if you don't like Jalen Brown, like you know when he takes the court like Rational confidence, Right?


Yeah. He thinks he's gonna win if he picks up on anything that he thinks like Ace is checked out when it comes to that. So even with the pedigree, even with the physical stuff, even with the classic like I can't believe this guy's still here at five because that's what it would be if they were to take him and go. We're not even good now. So the idea that we're supposed to worry about how does he fit in with the rest of the roster? Like who cares? Yeah. If they don't take 'em, I would imagine there's something that age thinks is alarming about the way the kid is wired, which is again why everybody makes mistakes on this stuff. 'cause we don't really know The Wizards passing him on six. That will mean there's some real fears going on that all the NBA people know and that we're not even known about.


Like just about work ethic, work habits, stuff like that. Because for the wizards to pass on him would be insane. That's like a miracle. If he gets to six It wouldn't make a ton of sense there and it would at least make more sense that that's why he's shutting down these interviews and workouts. 'cause he's thinking, which a lot of the guys do think it's like, well if I go to Washington I can give up the money from pick three to pick six because I'm gonna get so many touches. Although Bub Carrington may have something to say about that. Alex, Lemme show you how it works here in Washington. Hey, I like Bub so Okay, Well let ask you, what do you think Darryl's gonna do if he has to have the pick? Because you know, So two options.


You, you love this, this is draft week is my favorite. Silla. If they keep the pick, I think it's vj. I've been saying that all along. I just think he fits the Darryl profile. I feel like they're gonna do some trade back, a spot trade back, like stay in the top five but try to trade back and pick up an asset and try to leverage Charlotte who I think really does once at wants vj. And I think if Charlotte can move up for not a huge price and take VJ and just make sure they get him at three. I just, I feel like he's gonna move back a spot and end up with Kniple.


Kniple checks. A lot of Darrell Boxes can play with the lineup they have. He's got size, he rebounds. There's some stuff when, when Flag wasn't playing or when Flag was in foul trouble where the offense like, I don't know, I, I mean I'm, I'm biased 'cause I like him, but I just feel like he's the most additive guy in the draft and Darrell has always gravitated toward those guys. Like remember he made that Shane Batier trade, how many years ago was that? It was just like we, we didn't have the stats to quantify all the stuff Shame Batier was good at and Darrell had the fur, the 1.0 version of those stats and was just like, no, no, when he's in the lineup, all of these awesome things happen and they're, it's not about the counting stats, it's this, this, this, this and this.


I think K nipples like that. And I think they need a guy like that. They need like a connector shooter doesn't need the ball that much. That's Asking a lot though of a team with now title aspirations coming in and being like, all right, Let's, do you honestly think they have title aspirations? 'cause I don't You think like they think, you think Darrell thinks, oh everyone's talking about Cleveland and Orlando and like why, why not us? Like I think he's thinking can en indeed play 40 games? Okay, Sure. Right. But I was thinking about this the other day and like the hall that Phoenix sent out for Durant and what they get, you know, not even two years later, right? It's, It's, it's what we call sunk cost.


It's brutal. Like when you see the side by side and you're like, that is one way to derail. We both like the trade, we just didn't understand why Cam Johnson was in it is my memory. But we both thought it was a good, it was a good trade for them. They were getting an awesome player. You know, I'm, I'm fine with thinking it's, it's good to get Kevin Durant if you can get him. Yeah. If that ends up being something, I still Dunno why Cam Johnson was in it, but, But yeah, you're right. I think it's, look, look, it's very new owner syndrome, right? So yeah, two years it really was, right? Two years of not even well, right, we have to go back to February. When was the trade? It was February. February, right? Super Bowl week because it was in Arizona.


I was thinking about Phoenix this morning when you were hearing that it, it might happen, might happen in the side by side thing we just talked about, but it's very simple to be like, well they shouldn't have waited. It's like, well they just got them. Okay, so Right. And if you are Phoenix, you're going, we won 47 games last year and we didn't have all of our guys or 45 games. Excuse me. We didn't have all of our guys playing together at the same time. You know, we didn't have enough flexibility. We kind of figured out some things on the margins and if these three guys can all play together and we feel a little bit better about the center rotation and we have shooting to play off of what should be a ton of help to these three dynamic on ball scores, that's when people were still tricked by Beal.


Like I don't blame Phoenix for saying if, because this league more than any other league. And you could argue with the same with quarterbacks and your pitching staff and breaking spring training. But because there's so few players, there's way more conversation of talking yourself into the if scenario. Same thing with the Clippers. We, we went way over on the sun's 47 and a half. We thought they were gonna be good last year. Yeah. So we were right there with them thought do a team. So yeah, they're thinking, hey, if we could, if this, if this were to break, you know it's better than the unknown or like hitting the reset button when the owner gets pissed about it, your business partners get pissed about it. Your vet players get pissed about it. You know, we in the media really overrate the simplicity of just, well tear it all down and start all over again.


The same reason why the Clippers would sit there again and go, well hey look, but if, but if Kauai is healthy and here were the Clippers with this incredible close of the season, maybe the best defense in the NBA over that stretch and then they lose in the first round again. Alright, whatever. I imagine Josh Harris and Darryl and everybody's playing this if game, especially with all of the injuries that we've seen throughout the east in the playoffs. So for you to say like, do I think they're a title contender within beads track record? It's not a good bet. But the if scenario here is even more appealing than it was yesterday for them. So that's why I That's fair. Much even as, as much as I love Can nipple, Can you imagine in bead trying to play 10 straight playoff weeks though?


That's why I can't. Come on. No, I can't. You're right. I cannot. I just, I'm out. I've given up on that possibility. I would say 50 to one odds. But, but what if, you know, the, the resting him. What if he does right? What if he does? What if it's March and you're like, Hey, you know, Cleveland has a great regular season record. The Knicks have a really nice record. If the Knicks of the same team, they're gonna be good. Even with a different coach, they're still gonna be a really good team. And then, you know, is the Orlando, does Franz ever gonna hit a fucking shot here? Right. You know, if you're the Sixers, like, I don't know that you should be afraid of any of that stuff.


The, the, the scariest thing is the team that you see in the mirror, not necessarily anybody else in the Eastern Conference. So I know this has become a far more expanded conversation around con and nipple and we both love the guy, but that's asking a lot of him like, all right, huge game five minutes ago in the fourth quarter. Like, all right, we're gonna get Khan initiating some of this stuff and, and See. No, but I do think he could play 20 to 25 minutes a game for a good team next Year. I think he can figure out anything that is needed of him. It's just a matter of whether or not he'd be able to execute those things. Like he won't be lost in a basketball court because he is. So, like that was my favorite thing once I really dug into him. Just how smart he was off ball cutting.


And you know, when he, I I just, there's so many basketball players when they have the ball and it's all predetermined, it's fine. But when they get stuck, you know, it's like a college quarterback who we were talking about this, I think with Vini we're a college quarterback. It's like, all right, these are the two reads. Like this is the, this is who you're trying to beat. If you see the safety do this, then just throw underneath, keep moving the chains. It's like, all right, so this guy threw 4,000 yards. Like is he good? And he'd like, no, he's not any good. And there's a lot of guards, right? That it's like, okay, we're setting the ball screen here. You're gonna go here if the help comes off the corner, then it's open to three and if this guy plays up, then you should be able to have the roll guy. And it's like, what happens if both things stop? Am I gonna like, then I have to decide, I have to come up with something.


And that's one of my favorite things about K nipples that I thought he saw the game at a level that I couldn't believe for his age He'd be really good for any of these teams. The, the thing that's a bummer is that the number three pick isn't like we have like flag and then we have Harper and then it drops again. I wish the number three pick was good enough that we could really have a Utah Paul George trading up from five to three. But you have to take Paul George's contract. Like I actually wish, 'cause I think, I think Danny would do it. I don't think he would care. Like, fine Paul George is still pretty good. If, if we can go from five to three and get this guy, I'll take the contract. I don't care. But it's not, it's not worth it in this draft to do that.


I don't think five to two is a different scenario, but I don't think the Spurs would go in near, I think the one thing that's changed over, It lasts two weeks. I said this to you last week, is I think the, I think once the Spurs got a little closer to Harper, really like diving into him, they were like, oh shit, okay. We don't, we don't screw the Kevin Duran idea. And I still wonder with Fi Fox is, I still think a wild card for the summer. Yeah. I, you gotta wonder though, like if that was the Fox market that just happened then, But wasn't part of that why Teams were afraid of, of Clutch and they wanted to go to the Spurs and so people kind of backed off 'cause they felt like he was headed that way anyway.


I don't feel, I don't feel like it was an official trade market. It seemed like he's like he wants to go there and then that's how it played out. Okay. But that entirely maybe true and I, I think there is, I don know it's hard for me to remember all of this stuff with this, but it's always a good reminder that when we hear about like teams making calls, and I've even made this mistake too, which I regret when I make it. But I think these teams are constantly canvassing the league to kind of get an idea of like, Hey, would you ever do this? Without any intention of ever doing any of those things, but just trying to figure out what the value is. And that Fox trade didn't really give up.


No, it was a no-brainer. He had to Do it. So, so you, you're bringing in even as flawed as like even the most, the most ardent detractors of Fox. Like I still like him. I still like De Aaron Fox, you know, I'm saying he's perfect, but I like him. But the market wasn't that strong for him. Are you gonna like him as much when he gets like a $230 million extension for four years? Might not like Him quite as much. What? I'll still like him if both of us were GMs, like you're running New Orleans, I'm running like Charlotte, I would call you all the time. Why? I would have like five GM friends that I just called constantly to check in.


And then every once in time I'd be like, no, what's up with, what's up with Mark Williams? And just, you know, 'cause I, I'm sure they just are shooting the shit on the phone, right? It's like, oh my buddy's calling. And then at at some point you can kind of steer it toward feeling out if a guy's available or not. And I'm sure that like Danny and Kevin McHale, I'm sure Danny would do that all the time when McHale was a Minnesota right? You're not gonna check kg. Right. And he's just, you know, just kind of working it. But I think that's how, I think how this is how some of this shit works. I think these guys just, there's certain guys that just call everybody all the time. I imagine Check like anything, there's talkers guys that can't help themselves.


And it's like, even though he is my friend and I've known him for 30 years in the business, if I can just get him on the phone, start bullshitting, hey maybe he'll say something. 'cause that was the old Dan Duquette thing is that he used to not talk. You'd be on the phone with him and you wouldn't, he wouldn't say anything And then you'd have to make conversation. Right, Right. Because he felt Like it was the John Walsh interview move John Walsh's famous move, Not talk. You'd be, you'd you're on a job interview and he would just be silent and it and it was like a power move. And then you would start talking. Yeah, he recommended a good book when I met with him. Yeah. Game changer. He'll Do that. Yeah, he'll do that too. So let's stay on this though, because I was thinking about the Luca Trade again, Great example.


The best ever Ever example. Exactly. Nico just bitching about Luca ha Luca Doche one day and, and Ika going, Hey, and then all of a sudden they're, they're negotiating, right? Because I was looking at all the pics that Bain got. It was like, you know, we're not sure that Luca's gonna resign here so we can only give you this, this one pick. We can't even do a swap. We can't even do a swap. I don't know if Plin will ever write a book, but since Nico's his guy, which he clearly had the inside track on this entire thing, why there was no market for Luca because no one else knew that he was available. And some of this after the fact reporting on like, well they had called this team, but then you hear from the team that they're like, yeah, that's, It's Not true.


We, we didn't, they were asking for our best player saying Luca wasn't part of it. We didn't like what whatever you wanna do to make this look better for Nico. But if Palka ever writes a book, and I wish you could get Palka to like completely tell the truth, but like that moment when Nico said I, I would do this, I would do Luca for ad and you know, figure out the rest of it Ad and Reeves and he'd be like, well we're not trading Reeves. Is it still a conversation? And there's a pause and Nico's like, yeah, there might be like what? Huh? Because You wonder if Rob, based on what we're talking about, like with guys calling each other, is Rob thinking I've heard you bitch about this guy for like two years because we've known each other for so long and was that, you know, this is all hypothetical.


I don't know the answer to this stuff. That's why I wonder if it would ever come outta the book. 'cause could Rob ever just be like, I couldn't believe it. I couldn't believe it. And then make his friend Nico look bad. Which would feel kind of shitty if they still have a good relationship. I mean Pinga should love him now. But if Pinga would ever in that moment honestly answer 20 years from now in some interview where he was on the phone being like, holy shit, I can't believe I'm actually going to be able to do a, a trade that a trade like this that is just not supposed to happen. I would also love to know the whole magics last year with the Lakers when Magic went on first take and said he got stabbed in the back by POA and then they were fine.


I would love a whole chapter on that in the Plana book. I'd also love a chapter on the, on playing with the Fab five, the p Plana book. I'm, I'm signing up right now. I'm pre-ordering it. Mark Twain would publish it. He was big in the publishing business, killed it with grants, but then wanted to do a book on the Pope. And the Pope was like, are you sure? And he was like, are you reading A Mark Twain book right now? Yeah. Just finished turnout's Mark Twain book. I already interviewed last week. We yeah, it was on the list. But you would call me all the time. I think I'd get sick of you calling me that much though. 'cause I think you would be trying to get over on me. Be like, let's see If's. No, I would just be checking in. Let's see if Wec has a couple Coors lights in him. Let's be checking in because I know, I know you would start bitching about somebody on your team within like 10 minutes.


You'd be like fucking the Jose Alvarado and this fucking guy should have seen him head. This guy wants the bottle. See him in the fourth quarter calling for ISOs. It's like you're lucky you're playing. But see I would know you too well though. 'cause then you would be on the phone with Darryl being like, RACC hates Alvarado. Like I think you get it for a top trying to rid of him Top 50 protected. There Must be like an honor among, so you must, but you must have your two or three GMs where you're like, these are your guys. Like if, if you're bitching about your team to the other gm, I'm sure you get feedback from somebody you know who works for a team who's listening to this afterwards. But I'm sure you get, I'm sure you have your guys that you feel like you inventive I'm Sure Yeah.


Friend To friend, right? That must exist. I'm, I'm sure that exists. But I think this is one of the fascinating parts about the job. And that's why, you know, you can bring it full circle here with the Thunder presti when he's at the combine. Back when it was at the old one, when I would host it. Yeah. He wouldn't even stand there anymore. Like he wouldn't, I don't know if he still does it now. 'cause none of us are even allowed to kind of, even though we can get in, we can't go to this big section, which is fine. We shouldn't be able to go over that stick section and, and you know, I, when I was still hosting it, I could walk wherever I wanted to.


But now that I have nothing to do with it, like I shouldn't be over there. I think I went to get a box score once and I was kind of like, you know what, I shouldn't do this anymore. But I remember years and years ago Presti like, hey, you're not anchoring it anymore buddy. Put the, put the box score back. Presti was like standing by himself, like arms folded. And I'm like, is he that freaked out that he can't even like sit six seats away from somebody else. And I was like, yeah, maybe That was, I forget the player. But that was, I think it was Dave Cowans that was a red Rback boom where he went to Scout Cowans and he stormed out at halftime. Yeah. And people were like, whoa, red hated Cowens. But he loved him. Yeah. So you know, anytime he went to a game, people knew he was there.


This episode is brought to you by the Wells Fargo active cash credit card. This is an ad for the active cash credit card from Wells Fargo. That's a mouthful, but that's because it packs a lot in Earn Unlimited 2% cash rewards on purchases with it big or small. So whether it's buying tickets to the game with your mom or grabbing a coffee with your dog, earn unlimited 2% cash rewards on purchases made with it. Say it with me. The active cash credit card from Wells Fargo. Learn more at wells fargo.com/active cash terms apply.


This episode is brought to you by Wayfair. Summer is almost here. The days are getting longer and warmer, which means it's time to update your outdoor space and make it feel more like yours. You know, outdoor furniture, I like comfortability. It's gotta be something that if it gets a little rainy, damp, anything, maybe you want stuff that you don't have to cover all the time. Just in case it's drizzling for five seconds. You want just a nice, clean, simple, let's all go hang out. It's gonna be getting dark by 8 45 tonight. Let's go hang out. Let's listen to some music. I got the Bushra eight piece sectional seating group with cushions and it's great. Wayfair Perfect helps you in a time crunch the delivery free fast, hassle free, something for every style, every home, no matter what your space or budget is. Wayfair makes it easy to tackle your summer home goals. And you gotta do it right now. 'cause Summer's coming with endless inspiration for every space and budget, including the outdoors. So don't wait until summer's in full swing shop a huge selection of outdoor furniture online. Go comfortable, go simple this summer. Get outside with Wayfair, head to wayfair.com right now. W-A-Y-F-A-I r.com. Wayfair, every style, every home.


Can we do draft really quick? So whatever you want. So Harper's second. If you had to bet edgecomb now is almost a three to one favorite on FanDuel to go third. So it's just, would you go chalk and say Edgecomb to Philly number three K, nipple four and Danny says fuck it and takes Ace Bailey five. I don't with that beer prediction, no, I I really don't have any like I'm probably a day or two away for feeling good about it, you know, just because of just bullshitting with guys and, and 'cause everybody has a different board for everybody else right now. But if you had to pick a 2, 4, 5, If I had to, right? Would you have Bailey going into Utah or somebody else?


That means Trey Johnson's going sixth. No, that would mean Trey. Yeah. My whole Bailey Utah exercise was just you and I talking out, I think seeing what Ames does. So you got t Johnson in Utah, He can shoot man, I, I think you're right. You and I see this Danny thing the same way I think he fucking takes Ace Bailey, his whole history of It lasts 20 years is he would take Ace Bailey. So unless there's, that's, I wanna talk out unless some massive red flag that we don't know about. I just think that's the kind of guy he takes Unless he, if he feels like, okay, I saw enough from him that I, I think he might check out a games and he's not, he's not competitive enough because then I think it's kind of a no, it's like a deal breaker for somebody like an, because even with the pedigree, you know, I'm not saying everybody's perfect, but he likes guys with a little motherfucker in him too.


You know, I'm Not saying well the other Gabe Vincent was starting fights with anybody, but, Well the other piece with him is, is Gabe Pruitt, excuse me. If you're, are you drafting somebody because you think you have one more tank year in you or what Austin said about we're done tanking. If you feel like there's one more year you wanna throw away, ACE Bailey's perfect for that because he's probably a year or two away from having any sort of impact at all. Here's the thing is there's no one you're taking at that pick that is now preventing you from tanking. True. Like you could say you're not No, but I think the ace is like, he is like an a a project. Tracy would come in and be fun off the bench.


Like I think right away I think he would be, he'd definitely be a League Pass guy where I, I could see you texting me in December and be like, yo, you watching Trey right now? Like he's one of those guys. He can Absolutely light it up and there's light it up like Fear 16 points in four minutes kind of guy. So now I know some people have talked about like not being necessarily like the best fit for him and granted they're making a coaching change anyway. But I mean that was still a pretty efficient offense from that group. And you know, he is gonna be set up off the ball a lot, which is probably what they need. I mean, God, they've got so many guys who love having the ball in their hands and you know, I don't think that you're sitting here, I think Zach was smart to kind of bring up, I don't, maybe you were, I forget if you were Zed an hour or so ago bringing up like who would be the line above Jeremy Grant where marketing would be, he would be above it I would think.


But marketing's probably not good enough to go. No, we've got our one and we'll figure out the rest of the pieces later. So I mean, Austin ain can say we're not tanking. I just, I think the rule is you can't ever say that you actually are, but I don't know who they would pick to be like, holy shit, they're not tanking now. They just took v VJ fell to them. Right? Can I test drive a couple draft stuff? I'm not done with my sweep yet, but I'm, I'm pretty close. I know I Let you down with VJ to three. I'll say Yeah, but You didn't but you didn't let me down. I wanted to test drive a couple, couple half-assed just doing, doing my round stuff that jumped Malcolm Gladwell blink test stuff. I love it.


I love the blink. You know what the, there's value in Blink test because sometimes I'm pretty good in that. I'm, I've been pretty good over the years with that. I don't see it with Danny Wolf. I know he's polarizing. I don't see song you like, Does it shoot it well enough? No, I can't. I well I can't imagine him in games like the ones that we just watched, It lasts two rounds. Like just where would he be? Like, could he put up stats on a team shore? But like if I'm actually trying to win the title, where am I playing him? Am and is the, is the ball running through him? Like I I I just, who, who are the examples of guys like him that have been impact dudes on actual good NBA teams in It lasts 20 years.


I just have a lot of questions. If he's in the 13 to 17 range, that's one thing. But like some people are saying like he could go like, you know, in that seven to 10 range, that just seems pretty high to me. If you're saying that Denny Wolf to you would not crack the rotation of two of the deepest teams in the NBA that just played for a championship, I would agree with You. Let's, let's go final four. Let's go final four. Let's go last eight. The problem is, is It lasts eight teams is the Best thing about, well the best thing is probably is rebounding, but it's that you're letting him have the ball on his hands as this six 11 point guard. So there's a little Who's doing that though when we're in like May Taller Joe Les Jingle Juice.


Were you taller Joe Ingles? That's interesting. All right, so we've seen that work a little bit. Ingles was an incredible like pick and roll Reed decision guy and you know, look, if you stick Danny Wolf in the corner and be like, Hey, you're only doing this, then don't take him. There's, there's no point. He's a very unique player. The Cedric Coward thing worries me. Like to get on the board there. This is a bit like the Jalen Williams question from before where it's like a bunch of guys that were draft people were like, you know who's pretty good? It's that guy at Santa Cla.


And then the first time I watched Cedric Coward, I didn't see where Sini had him in his rankings. I go, dude, I love Cedric Coward. He goes, yeah, me too. I have him ninth. And I was like, oh shit. Uhoh frown face Bill does not like him. I I'm not saying I'm out. Did You only watch, watch the game? No, it's, it's not a don't like I don know it like the way way they were talking about him. What I heard about, oh this guy, he is fast, right? Like I, I started getting the Jalen Williams in my head and then I watched it and I didn't feel like he was athletic enough on that, on that level. I don't know. I just didn't totally see it. He felt like a 13 to 17 range guy.


Okay. 13 i 17 range. This is blink test, but this is like a fast riser. He only played in six games. Wasn't clear for contact with his shoulder injury forever. Yeah. Started in D three, goes to Eastern Washington. The D three, The coach thing scared me too. I, I can't lie he Was filthy in those games that he played this year. But if you wanna tell me, Hey, it was against northern Colorado. Looked like somebody from lacrosse team was out there. No offense to Pat but, or Anton. But I would say he was, he was filthy and he was like a man and he was like mean to guys and then he got some kid in the post where he was like, I'm gonna fuck with you so bad that I could score on the first second but I'll just do it on the third move.


So You're in on him. Yeah. I like him better than, you know, some of the other guy like dude, everybody loves Carter Bryant because he's six eight, he's really young, young. He can really shoot it. He can play defense. Everybody really likes the kid. I'd say like highest approval rating of the kid is VJ or Mal watch teams have talked about just raving about them. Like VJ just off the charts I guess in all of his interviews and his background and everything that he went through. And there's a lot of people that really like Car O Bryant at Arizona. I saw a guy that, the good parts in that three and D six A whatever. Okay fine. Like that guy's a very in demand type of player. The second he had to do something with the basketball after like it was either shoot it or it was an outlet pass on a defensive rebound.


It was a nightmare. I Really like Mal watch. I think there's a case for him to go sixth. Like if the Wizz took him sixth, I wouldn't make fun of house. Sar Malach, twin Towers, double bigs, Adam's sh Goon response case. They're in the finals couple years. Little twin towers, same 40 years later. The Samson Eli one. Does SARS spacing provide enough for Malach to operate those lives? Who's to say no? Right Here's a positive one. I, I'm kind of talking myself into Derrick Queen. I think it depends on the team. Big time.


I think there's teams where it could be a disaster, but there's, there's a lot of stuff there. And then what's the dude's name? Ya, ya, how do you say his name? Yeah, Actually the good from Illinois. Ya Yeah, He did great. That guy's an NBA player. I don't know when, it might not be till he is 28 and it could be his third team, but there's something, there's a, there's a wherewithal he has offensively in how he uses teammates that I just see it, it translates and there's gonna, I know he is gonna get hunted, like all the usual shit with him. But that dude would be fun to play with and is unique and has like an elite skill.


I, as you know, I love elite skills. When, when I look at this draft stuff I'm always like, what, what's, what's your thing? What's your Trump card? What's the thing you have? He would be fun to play with. So I'm, I think it'd a lot of fun to play it. Like he's dropping a little Right. Doesn't it feel like he's depends people are cooling off on him a tiny bit. Whatcha Talking about like outside of the top 10? Well, initially he was supposed to be, you know, top eight or nine. Now it feels like he's in the, I don know a little lower. He, he probably could shoot it a little bit better. I mean I like him better than Deon 'cause he can shoot it and Deon just couldn't shoot it all year long. But apparently Deon, the BYU kid is lighting it up in some workouts with the shooting. So I'm, I'm out on him. I do not have an opinion on him. I couldn't crack that one.


That one I threw my hands up. I like Murray Hoy. He's probably a little smaller for the way that he plays. And then Derek Queen I'll, I'll admit I just don't know that I can figure it out. It's all over the place. But sometimes it's really pretty fucking good man. And then I'm like, okay, I, it's with Sam, the one that said like, he's just been somebody who's played against men for It lasts couple years. Yeah. Yeah. I like that it's meaningful. I like Sorber, the Georgetown kid, the, because I think he's a legit center. I haven't researched him yet. Nate Clifford's probably the most like, well-rounded guy, but he's, I think he's already 23. Where do You stand on Fleming from St.


Joe's. I don't know what he is. Well physically he's a specimen. Okay. So he is enormous. He's like two 30. He's chiseled and you know, playing in some of the games that I was watching, there are times where I'm like, is he a small forward or is he a center? 'cause I think he wants to be a small forward and I'm not saying he should be a center, so maybe there's a ton of value in him and his size, you know, stretching the floor for you a little bit. But I think he was so physically gifted. I would've liked to see him make people feel him a little bit more. Yeah. But you know, to be fair, again, I'm not doing this year round. I'm not, you know, watching every single game. I was watching Hugo Gonzalez the other night. I was like, I think he might suck, but I like him.


I liked, he just Shot it, like he said, five different stints in Europe and he hasn't shot over I think 27% for three. And he is not a point guard. So I'm like, okay, how does this work? But I, I gotta tell you fun kid, fun little guy out there. Well he is not, he's six six Shocker of shocker. I like Clayton Jr. Yeah. I mean it's the most predictable Bill opinion of all time. But I just don't see how he's not an NBA player and I don't know how many more times we have to do this with these guys. Brunson was one from way back, but what did he go like 31, 32? It's like at some point, at some point it should matter what we saw. I'm, there's other times where it shouldn't matter at all.


But you get, you can kind of, you have to filter it and he's clearly somebody who could play in NBA games and create his own shot and do stuff. Yeah. And the shot making like, yeah, again, Trey's the best of the class, but there's some Walter Clayton shots where you just go like, I can't even believe like he has the balls to even take this. And then it felt like it went in more often. Hansen Yang, I'm gonna give myself the combine. There is value in the combine. Okay. Didn't speak a look at English when he was at the combine. And so he would just kind of do this like yell when he wanted the ball. Like, ah, ah, and then he had this baseline spin with, with the ball.


Yeah. And Juan flushes it. I was right there on the baseline when it happened. And I, I tweeted out that I've seen the, I think it was on threads. I'm on threads a lot lately. I was like, I've seen the future of the NBA and it's right in front of me. Hanson Yang got a couple chuckles. The Threads audience really liked it. Yeah. In the peanut gallery, you know, at the combine. And now people think he might go in the thirties, so if your team takes Hanson Yang in the thirties, you may have something, a bit of a project, but you may have something. I, I don't mind the Stanford senior. 'cause I scouted him because there was some Celtics buzz with him. So of course I had to watch all his Stuff. He was awesome at the combine. He seems intriguing. Awesome. Hasn't really been playing basketball that long, which I think sometimes is a bonus room To grow.


Yeah. All right. There's our draft thing. I know you're gonna be tackling a lot this week. Hopefully we'll have one fun trade. And that's it. I've, I've run outta things to talk about unless you wanna talk about what, what, what do you do with Connor McDavid? No, I just wanna say one last thing about the thunder. Yeah. This is a team that finish the playoffs. 11th and rebounding rate 12th and defensive rebounding rate. Their assist percentage was 11th. Their three point percentage may have dipped down. It was 13th outta 16 playoff teams might Have been worse after today, Might they? They had like a couple points had a make up there. So 13 as of today they fouled at the third highest rate.


They had I think nine games under 30% from three, maybe under 31% from three. So nine bad shooting games in the playoffs. They went five and four of those for this team to win an NBA championship with the lack of shooting and the rebounding being an issue and fouling all the time speaks to how insane this defense was. And we saw it in the third quarter. And you can see it like a switch when that group gets connected and says, you know, granted TJ went crazy but all the turnovers they were committing because of the pressure. Like I think it was a 19 to two run as great as SGA has been at the peak moments and, and the MVP and deserving all that kind of stuff for a unit to have six, seven guys.


It's like we just gotta be dogs defensively and for that team to win a championship. I know how disappointed everybody is that it wasn't the full version obviously with a Haliburton injury. But that's some pretty special stuff to be able to pull to win 16 games with some of their deficiencies that they have. Yeah, I mean game four will be the thing I remember about that team watching them just basically refuse to let the pacers start their offense within 30 feet of the basket for an hour. I've seen good defense before, but I don't know, it was also a team that if you were calling the game and letting them kind of get away with stuff, they became completely unstoppable. Right. It was like an NFL defense where you like, oh you're gonna let us do this.


And then they would just, and I felt like that was happening a little bit tonight. Once Caruso and Dort and Wallace could really get physical 40, 50 feet from the basket. Yikes. What happens with McDavid? It's gonna get worse. Not better. This was, I it feels like their best chance with the cap. Yep. And here's the thing, last year they were a better team. Yeah. Where this year people couldn't believe they beat Dallas and Las Vegas or last year They weren't even favored in round one. Right. So I think the kings were favored Kings came out smoking too. Right. So, you know, they get to return trip.


But I watch all the games. I, you know, I don't know that I have a ton of great insight on all of it. Great. But this is, this will bother me. This will bother me in a way I don it won't be at Charles Barkley level. Won't be at Chris Mullen level, but it's gonna bother me. Like how will the rest of your life be if McDavid never hoist the cup? He be okay. I Feel like he's, I've been watching hockey since when Bobby war still was good and he's one of the six or seven just easily best players I've ever seen. And I can't believe he hasn't won a cup yet. I was thinking about something with, with Marsha though and the Panthers, how he goes to that team and it's the perfect team for him.


'cause they just have a bunch of fucking assholes that are just agitator assholes. And it was like finally I'm with my people and it made me think like, I wish the Bruins in retrospect had just been like, you know, we have this guy, he's just so fucking annoying. He drives everybody crazy. We should just get like four more of those guys and just, we become, that becomes our identity. Because I do feel like, like Evander Kain was so mad that by the end of the series that the game's over, there's two minutes left and he just went over and he slashed kuck as hard as he could so he could get a game misconduct and not have to be in the handshake line. Like that's, you know, that you, you have a team full of dicks when somebody's like, I just, I can't shake hands with these guys.


Just can you kick me outta the game? So it just made me think like, that would be an interesting way, almost like how Presti put together that OKC team of these fucking silent assassins who just get work done and have no ego and they all do the press conference together. Could you have done that with Barshan? Just like, let's go get five assholes and that's, that'll be the nucleus of our team. I don't know the answer to this. 'cause again, I don dunno the sports super well, but it feels like, you know, we've touched on this a bit in, It lasts few years, I feel like the NBA playoffs is, is very different than the regular season for a bunch of obvious reasons. But like some of the shooting variants, I wonder like, could you trick yourself into thinking that you're this really good offense, but then all of a sudden it's like, yeah, but like those guys just aren't gonna be as comfortable.


And you know, I mean again, okc, a lot of these threes were wide open and these guys didn't make 'em, and it still didn't matter. They didn't make 'em enough. Even wide open corner threes. Yeah. And then you could see like, I mean, not to recap game seven again, but Jalen Williams had one where he passed up a open one to throw at the door. And I'm like, dude, what? Like you had 40 the other night. Yeah. Like, what is that? And he responded and he, and he closed. Well, but do hockey GMs have to think about like, I need a completely like different team that survives advancing through the chaos of the NHL playoffs. Like, hey, we may not be the best offense, we may not be all of these things, but at least we have like the right personalities.


And maybe I'm just telling hockey people what they've already known and this isn't a secret. I think They must think about it. Yeah. But they must, it is the, the biggest gap. Like football's pretty straightforward. Baseball's a total coin toss. Like you can talk about how valuable pitching was. I remember like all I would do is look at the pitching matchups for every single playoff series and then all these times it didn't really matter. Or the Braves would've had more World series. Right. It's just, baseball's just so fucking weird in the playoffs. But hockey feels like a real departure of like, we can have this really good team, but we need these kinds of personalities that may not show up or may not be as valuable in the regular season. Because obviously Florida checked all those boxes of, It lasts two years.


Well, And the goal, you have to have the, the goal, it starts with that, which is, that was Edmonton's biggest failing in It lasts couple years, but I Didn't think it Was really a, and then you some sort of, I didn't think it was a Skinner. Like I didn't look at this final go, oh well you know, once again it's Skinner's fault. And then obviously I know. I know. But it was that, I mean when you're changing kicks in there Yeah. You're, you're swapping dudes in and out. It's usually not an awesome signup. Yeah. But I could name, I could name like 10 plus guys from the Panthers that I'd be like, oh that guy did this and this guy had this game. And then Reiner of course closes it out. Rodriguez, like all these other dudes that aren't Sam Bennett, they're really good. Right. Can't stand them. And There's so many dudes that you could name.


There are so many times, like you mentioned the Evander Cain thing. I was like, I, I almost made it Tobias Harris joke, like he's on the Oilers. You know, there was just A lot of dudes that we know the names 'cause we've been watching the playoffs with them these last two deep runs. But to just the very casual drive-by fan that I am, there's a lot of guys that were on the Oilers where I go, I can't remember like that guy ever having a moment that stood out. The Canada not winning a Stanley Cup since 93 is one of the craziest streaks in sports. It really is. It's just nuts. 32 years. And It lasts time. They won, they beat Gretzky in the Kings, which was like, you know, one of the most important finals, at least in America in It lasts 40 years.


It's Like Sam Malone not getting laid for a year. That was a, I think that was an episode. You know, do you know Voodoo? You know Voodoo? It's like it turned into v Fandango. It's like a streaming movie TV service. I thought you meant the car parts Can rent. No, you can rent and buy movies on it sometimes they have these sales, they had the entire cheer series streaming for 29.99 and I was like, fine, that'll come in handy. An airplane. Why not Switch out to Blu-Rays? It's just like, who knows? See it's, how many seasons was it? It's like 11 seasons. It's was it, it's like over 200 episodes.


Fine. 30 bucks. Twist my arm. I'll do it. We almost called you for the diehard with a vengeance re watchable on Friday. But I I knew you were at Elite 11. Yeah. Went down to Elite 11. I had a busy day. What was it? What was, why was I so busy that day About Elite 11? You love Elite 11. I do. We have to go. We're over the two hour mark. I feel bad for Gau and Eduardo, thank you for, thank you for producing the pod for us guys. Yeah. Thanks to Zach Lowe for stopping by another season. The books for us. Thanks to everybody on YouTube who watched this and you're gonna be doing a bunch of stuff this week. We love the draft. Hopefully we'll get some more trades.


Wec, good to see you. Thanks Bill. Must be 21 plus in President select states for Kansas and affiliation with Kansas Star Casino, or 18 plus in President dc. Gambling problem call 100 GAMBLER. Visit rg help.com. Call 1 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org/chat in Connecticut. Or visit md gambling help.org in Maryland. Hope is here. Visit gambling help line ma.org or call 803 2 7 50 50 for twenty four seven.


Support Massachusetts. Or call 1 8 7 7 8 Hope and y or text Hope NY in New York.


This episode is brought to by LinkedIn. During the season, every baseball team plays 162 games. It's a true test of endurance. It's not enough to have a hot month or two. You need sustained dominance throughout. While the same is true for your small business, it's not enough to have a great Q2, even a great year. You want year over year growth that starts with better hires. That'll be there for the long haul to find those hires. Use LinkedIn. LinkedIn has strong hiring data and insights that you won't find anywhere else to help pair you with the best candidates from unique skills and interests to the connections you have in common. Based on LinkedIn data, 72% of small businesses say that LinkedIn helps 'em find high quality talent. LinkedIn also lets you go beyond people who are actively applying in a given week. 171 million LinkedIn members aren't actively seeking jobs, but they are open to new opportunities. That's a big pool to miss out on. If you're not hiring with LinkedIn, find your next great hire on LinkedIn. Post your job for free at LinkedIn dot com slash simmons. That's LinkedIn dot com slash simmons to post your job for free terms and conditions apply.


This episode is supported by FXs The Bear, the Emmy award-winning series returns. Following Carme, Sidney, and Richie, as they push forward, determine not only to survive, but also to take the bear to the next level. This season, the pursuit of excellence isn't just about getting better, it's about deciding what's worth holding onto. FX is the Bear. All episodes now streaming on Hulu.