
You're listening and watching The Bill Simmons Podcast presented by FanDuel our friends America's number one sports book and they've made it easier than ever to get in on the action during an NBA playoff game. Even after Tip off, just look for the live SGP tab on the FanDuel sportsbook app and build your own bet slip and sit back, relax, track the outcome of your parlay right in the app. And if You don't already have it, download the FanDuel app today to make every moment more The Ringer is committed to responsible gaming. Please visit rg help.com to learn more about the resources and helplines available and listen to the end of the episode for additional details. Must be 21 plus on President select states game prom. Call one GAMBLER visitor rg help com. Coming up we had a game seven, it wasn't that good, but we still talk two hours of NBA next.


This episode is brought to you by MICHELOB ULTRA Whaddya. Do I look forward to every NBA playoffs season? Well, I'm always hoping the Celtics do well. I'm always hoping we have great storylines. Great games, great matchups, great game sevens. I just hope for good basketball. But the NBA playoffs, they're even better with MICHELOB ULTRA, the official beer partner of the NBA Plus they're getting fans closer to the game with a chance to win courtside tickets and more. Enter now at MICHELOB ULTRA dot com slash courtside Michelob belcher's Access Courtside 2024 to 25 sweepstakes, no purchase necessary. Open to US residents, 21 or older ends on July 1st, 2025, multiple entry periods. Visit michelob belcher.com/superior access slash courtside for free. Entry. Entry. Deadlines and official rules message and data rates may apply Void where prohibited.


We're also brought to you by The Ringer Podcast Network. I have a new re watchable coming for you on Monday night. We did close Encounters of the Third Kind as part of big ass seventies month. This was a very, very, very fun podcast. So that is coming. You could also watch on The Ringer Movies YouTube channel if you like movies. By the way, I went on Sean F's big picture. We did a Tom Cruise movie Draft Me, van Lathan, Chris Ryan, Sean f and Amanda Dobbins. Spoiler. I thought I won the draft but you guys can decide. I thought I waxed. Everybody who knows Coming up on this podcast OKC killed Denver in game seven and we're gonna talk about that.


The ramifications. Does this mean OKC is smooth sailing now until the finals? We are also gonna talk about the four Whaddya. Do do teams that lost in round two Whaddya Do do if you're Cleveland Whaddya Do do if you're Boston, I talk some draft stuff or so is that the combine and some future basketball stuff as well. So this is a good one. First our friends from Pearl Jam, Priscilla is here.


We are coming off a dramatic game seven that was dramatic for about 40 minutes and then it was 42 to 41 at one point. It was one of those we ended up at 1 25 93 OKC blows out Denver and that was the OKCC team. That was the ceiling of the team that we're always afraid of when we think about them. Big picture but more impressive that Denver even got to a game seven Or do you look down on them that they didn't show up in a game seven I would say the more impressive for me. Yeah, considering where they were at the end of the year, you know, you still didn't really understand what the rotation was gonna be, the defensive numbers that we had talked about.


So to get it to a game seven with this group, because I, I just think you know, even though you have the Strather game in game six, you had some good Westbrook moments sprinkled in there when it's bad, when the spacing is terrible and we'll get to some of the numbers of some of this stuff like you. Yeah, you understand there's just incredible limitations and you know, I think the headline of today is, is Caruso and his defense and that OKC kind of found something 'cause they abandoned the Chet Yoic idea. So it's crazy that that's the second round game but game seven went away. I just thought the Thunder, you know, despite some of the concerns I thought they were the better basketball team And Gordon on one leg was kind of the decider. If you there was any hope of them gutting it out, you need him for 44 minutes at a hundred percent speed.


But you know, put a lot of miles on dude over the course of two weeks they play 14 playoff games and he does a lot of stuff for them. He breaks down. I wanna go big picture before we dive into the game. 'cause I was thinking about, you know, this might be I, I'm not saying the windows closed for Denver but they might be moving into a different part of the journey here with Yoic in the 2020s and I was thinking about how many teams the first half of the decade's now done. Right, we're moving into the, we're now in the second part of the 2020s and you have these teams that in the first part of the decade seem like they were gonna be the defining teams of the decade. Right. Tatum Celtics, Yos Nuggets, Giannis and the Bucks Luca and the Mavericks.


I had one more. Oh and just like whoever, whatever team has Curry and whatever team has LeBron and now it feels like all those windows are either closed or in danger of closing. Which I just think is notice notable. I think this is a very strange season all of a sudden where you have a final four of Indiana and the Knicks and Minnesota and OKC and I think all four of those teams are arrow pointing up even not just for this year but for next year too. And then everything else feels like they're like San Antonio Houston might be coming and then this whole other group of teams that have either already fell apart like Phoenix or this other group that felt pretty unassailable two years ago last year and now it feels like they're on the outs.


And I don't really know what the reasons it's beyond injuries. I think the apron plays a little bit of it, but what Whaddya Do Whaddya Do think is this just a league now where we just, every three years we just flip who's on top basically. Well it, it could be, you know, whatever result we get and certainly if Denver had won this game today and you're going, this is about as wide open a final four as I could ever remember. Right. And now it feels like there's even more pressure on OKC considering what's on the east. Yeah. Even though there's part of me that really just doesn't wanna overlook this Minnesota team but it's, it's been an easy run for them the first couple rounds here. So yeah, bigger picture, you know I'd, I'd mentioned this before with the SEC in college football where well eventually they were gonna lose a national championship.


Yeah. There was going to be a stretch. Now they haven't won one in back to back years, which seems odd but it's like that's, that's more normal. But is it going to be the norm moving forward? We don't know that yet. Whatever result we end up with, I I think it's two things. One, I'd have to see it happen a lot to be like okay is it just such a different version of basketball that the regular season's completely pointless? 'cause there's times where it feels like that. Yeah, but I, I think you can factor in the age part of Curry LeBron, you could throw Durant in there, you know the bucks basically it wouldn't, it would make more sense that they would be like this five years after a championship, four years after a championship. Well plus everything they traded to make that championship happen.


Right. They, they shouldn't feel bad about where they are now because they, they pushed all their chips in, they got the title out of it and I think the Celtics are a little bit of the same way. Pushed all their chips in last year. Now they have this giant tax bill coming and the dinner bill has arrived. You know in a lot of ways, And this may be It lasts version of a team that we ever see like this under the CBA with the Celtics now if they'd want it and then we're able to repeat, you know, maybe new ownership comes in and is like It lasts thing we can do is after winning two screw this right, they're probably just gonna have to take the tax hit, take the hit because we'd rather take that financial hit than the PR hit of all the new guys are here and now they're dismantling a back-to-back champ.


So I think the Celtics part of it with Tatum impacts this too. So when you go through all the different scenarios you're like okay these individual things. But that second apron, I know we're gonna do some of the what are you gonna do? Yeah, we're doing that later. I Re you know, the realization of what this is and that it is a hard cap with a different name and you know you're trying to figure out trades and, and then it's like, oh hey I, I have a match. And it's like actually the team can't do this or if they do this then they're hard cap because of where they're at right now. So you know, there might just be more parody like this may lead to more parody and we also were coming off of like two iconic runs. You know some people look at the heat and try to dump on 'em for only getting two titles in four years.


I think making it to four straight NBA finals is something that should be celebrated. And then you've got the Warriors putting together what I think is the best five we've ever seen in the history of this game. So we're coming off of like a decade of that into these last five years and then looking forward with even more restrictions. So maybe we're just too influenced by thinking that that was normal when Miami and Golden State was was not normal. I think it was kind of normal though. I think what shifted Is maybe maybe this construction but not the success because I don't think the success is normal. Well but we're gonna talk about the Celtics later and one of the things with them is you look at all the moves they made individually. Don't be sarcastic.


You look at all the moves they made one by one that's good drafting and good trades, right. That was a little Sauce, little Worldly. No it's not but it's not like they traded five first round picks to get to where they were like they but now they're screwed anyway, you know and I, I think okay like I actually think KC and we should talk about the game but OKC is probably, It lasts team that has a chance to keep it going for seven, eight years 'cause they have all these picks and eventually like they'll probably trade dot this summer regardless of what happens 'cause they can replace him, right? And you could probably send that money out, maybe bet on one of your draft picks or bet on a cheaper guy or whatever. But you can constantly be replenishing as long as you have SGA and Williams and maybe Holmgren or maybe it's two of the three but they have the best chance to do it.


But you're also, they're gonna be penalized too for the same thing. They did a great job building the roster. They did a great job of assembling all those picks and they're probably gonna be screwed anyway once, once like the MVP stuff kicks in those little kickers like Cleveland is screwed with the Moby thing. His salary went up 8 million bucks. We're gonna talk about them later too. They're $200 million for eight guys next year. They haven't made the conference finals. So I, I just think I, it almost feels like there's this reckoning coming where this, the salaries are gonna have to really shift. We talked about it when the moment they did that CBA and you and I were trying to figure it out and we were like what is this? Why does it seem like this is bad for the players?


Ultimately I think this is the summer where it's gonna be bad for the players. It's Gonna end up being historically bad because it's, it just reminds me so many times throughout, you know, I'm not trying to go super deep here but in life the way we label things to lie to ourselves about what something really is. Yeah. And after we did that pod, I ran into a couple guys from a front office shortly after and somebody said like, Hey did you go through? I was like, yeah Bill and I went through it but you never feel like unless you're like a ologist or a lawyer, you're like, I'm how you know, how am I possibly screwing this up or what are the unintended consequences?


And I was like man it feels like a hard cap. And the guy just, I didn't, I didn't even know the guy and he just looks at me and goes It is a hard cap. Yeah it is a hard cap. And I was like okay. Alright. So that confirms and now that we've had a couple years of like looking at what this is going to be, you know it's even more of a credit to Presti who I believe was like in on the meetings on some of this stuff. So you're gonna like this, it reminds me of like when Belichick would just always trade out of where he was in the first round and then if you just keep doing it year after year it's like man they have this many picks or they have another couple fir. Yeah like it felt like for years he had two firsts to maneuver around with because he just kept doubling down on the approach. Granted it's worked a lot better for prestige than it did Belichick.


But if he understood, if he understood all of this stuff and we kept wondering, which is another conversation too, had OKC somehow lost this game at home at game seven, does that mean that they're more motivated to start going off season shopping and packaging some of these assets? Or is it to the longer view of Presti realizes all the restrictions, how hard it would be to keep together this roster and that even if they win this whole thing, he has the flexibility to tweak and make tougher decisions because he just feels like he's stockpiling and their track record would tell you they're better positioned than anybody to do. So. Yeah, I mean he has all these picks that enable him to basically, oh I need to get out of this $25 million guy and move him into a $12 million guy and I can reward another team with, it's the, the situation the Celtics are in right now.


'cause it's impossible for them not to do a trade. They're gonna have to do one if they're over the second apron as badly as they are. Which I think it's like 20 million. So like for instance everyone's like, well they'll trade holiday or Pingus. It's like okay well who's, who's taking them? What are the subjects getting back to make the math work for the trade? And then how does that help them? You know? But I don't wanna step in the Celtics thing. Let's do, let's do OKC. Why they won. Did you feel like they went through playoff puberty in this game? In some ways it felt like that a little bit. They were tight in the first quarter. Like legit I felt like there was two guys that showed up for that first quarter SGA and Caruso and everybody else.


The sphincters were like this. I'm glad you said that 'cause it's exactly what I saw and the Jalen Williams game six performance was so disappointing. 'cause then you're thinking okay what like I don't even know what to expect from this guy. You know, somebody that was supposed to have his off playoff games, you know, maybe we're a little unfair. It's like okay you're a young guy, you weren't great against Dallas, you couldn't be counted on as that second score at SGA. Like you need that second guy to create on the ball when everything's a mess. And if you don't have it, you're so limited as a playoff team. And you know, I think there was something to be desired there based on, you know, you can look at the final box scores of the Dallas series and be like, oh it wasn't all that bad.


It's just funny. I think that stuff becomes the most misleading stuff. Like there's some efficiency stuff that I'll look at with a player in a series and go, there's no way he was this like this is a bad reflection. Yeah these metrics are too rewarding to however he played because just in the moment you needed more from him. So he has that Abom game six at Denver and you know, look, I I think it's fair to say even for a guy like Jalen Williams, like at Denver, you know you're going up against the best player in the world. You get to straw their game out of nowhere. I mean he was wide open, one because of Yoic and two because I, it felt like OKC like hey do you want to guard this guy? He was like, no we don't want to guard him at all. So when, well the, the Nuggets had four guys like that that KC was like go ahead, Go ahead take them.


There was, there was a couple five man stretches that Alman like even he had to be looking at the scores table going, I can't believe I have to do this right now. But in that first quarter I'm like what's up with Hartenstein? Like after he missed those two floaters in the baseline earlier in the series, it's like does he not wanna shoot that anymore? Jalen Williams getting a couple open looks and there were so many open looks that were great looks in game six and it looked like he was gonna be tight again. And I'm thinking I this can't possibly like he's not gonna be this bad game six and game seven is he, I mean he had a three, you know Denver's playing so much zone, they're collapsing the top for SGA. So S g's getting cut off, it's kind of working and there's a kick out to the right side a little bit later in the game where Jalen Williams just turns it down.


And I'm thinking like you don't even want to take like you, I remember that you have to take this shot. But what I loved about game six is that against that Denver zone, if you could find any way to collapse, there were all sorts of points waiting for you on guys just cutting on the baseline and in the dunker spot you saw more of that with the Chet they had one play worth, Chet passed to Caruso and he made a layup. Caruso beat his man and Doret was coming from the other side. Both baseline cutters are wide open. So you know, there was a lot of stuff that I saw in six that I thought if they can just go, hey, when they zone us 'cause they're going to like crazy. Well there Gordon hurt, you knew the zone was gonna be even Bigger, right?


Yeah. Right. So you know there's a lot of stuff but the fact that Jalen Williams stepped up and played the way he did today and I think there was like one drive where you could tell okay, he's now feeling it a little bit. You could see his confidence was at a completely different place. Yeah he Started to, started to attack. He was 42, 41. I'm not a live better and I'm also gambling's not legal in California but it felt like the perfect live bed spot 'cause Gordon had given them a lot in the first quarter. Brown had made some shots. OKC missed everything from three, I think they were like one for 10 at some point and you could just feel the game, you could feel it starting to shift potentially. And Then, and they hadn't taken any free throws when it was like right.


And, and Denver had like 10 free throws, something like that. But that Caruso Wallace combo, which I think is gonna be a real problem for Minnesota too. Like I like even thinking not to jump ahead to the next series, but you think like Connolly is like the one point guard, then they'll bring, Edward Edwards will have the ball sometimes then it'll get weird with like Alexander Walker and Vincenzo and that's when these okay C guys feast, like they're over the midco line and they just come in waves where it's like, it's Cone Wallace now Dots in too, oh wait, here's Jalen Williams and they're just trying to make you uncomfortable over and over and over again. I think it's gonna be a problem for Minnesota. But it became a problem for Denver and it was one of the worst ru it wasn't, Russ wasn't just bad.


He had like three or four passes where you're just going, what is that? This is game seven. How is that? The passages threw and then Strather and Watson, you know, it was no surprise turned into pumpkins and Murray was not really playoff. Jamal. And then Porter was playing with one arm and Gordon was playing with one leg and then Caruso became the star of the game. And I, I guess Caruso guarding Yoic I feel like as a slight hit for the Yoic legacy that Caruso was able to do that. But to defend Yoic, which I have to 'cause I love Yoic, I really did feel like they were getting away with a lot with how they were pounding him physically, which they should have because they were getting away with it all series.


But I'm not really sure what Denver's supposed to do when they're defending him like that. I dunno what the move is. Like if you're just, you're putting smaller guys, they're planning, they're pushing, they're shoving. If he's turning around and going into them, he's just gonna knock them over. It's an offensive foul, right? He's not fast enough to go buy him. You don't have any spacing 'cause nobody can shoot. So I'm not sure they finally like moved him to the top of the key like 25 feet back to give him, try to give him more space. By that time it was too late. Not really sure what the move is. But I wonder if OKC might have stumbled onto a strategy with him. Now there's that many caruso's in the league, but like let's say it had been alternate universe, Celtics, Denver finals. Could Drew Holiday have guarded him like that?


Like could other teams do other teams have guys that could do that? Or is Caruso just that special? I don't know how it would look for seven games. Right? I guess for one game you could do it Right. Caruso might end up shooting like 10% from three 'cause he's so exhausted the entire time. Look, Yoko could have been better today. Certainly He wasn't a great Yoko game. No. Some of the passing or it's just like throwing it back to him and he is turning the ball over 'cause it's getting knocked out of his hands. Like a couple were definitely on him. He had the one late where he tried to go right at Caruso at the top and he just got stripped. There's another one from Murray where he is throwing him a buddy pass and all Wallace has to do is just see it coming in.


Yeah. So I think there was a bunch of different things but I, I think overall, if you're looking at Yoic just saying that he was the problem, I mean the number of times that you're watching defenders and I think over the course of a series you get more and more comfortable with it being like, all right, well if Westbrook hits a couple corner threes we're okay with it. Like as long as we try to stay in front of Murray at the top and then collapse on Yoic. 'cause I, you know, you could sit there and say Game six, same thing. Yeah they just left. Go ahead. They don't care. I mean there was at one point, I mean the game was like basically over at this point, but I looked at it to see what STR Watson and Westbrook were and they were one of 4 0 0 6 and 2 0 7. So if you're not getting anything out of any of those guys then good luck.


And then I, and Nothing outta Porter too, like as you were expecting like best case scenario like a 15 and seven, something from him but you weren't getting that Nothing, nothing. And you know, at least you have to defend him as if he's gonna shoot. But like it was just a bunch of bricks from him. You know, maybe you say hey Yoku needs to get deeper on the catch and then have crew. But then if you're doing that, there's just so much more traffic in there defensively that I think they want Yoic to have more space to get it outside of the elbow to be able to turn and shoot. To turn and drive. But also the further he goes away now I don't have his rebounding and I got Gordon on one leg and that OKC started killing them on the boards too, which was another thing. But the turnovers and they had I think 23 turnovers halfway through the fourth quarter, which if you have over 20 just in a normal NBA game, that's a lot.


That's like, whoa didn't take care of the ball today. They so the ball was, well You're gonna lose around. Yeah, OKC had had halftime, they're up 14 'cause they have this crazy run in, It lasts three minutes, they're five for 20 from three and they're up 14 and they have eight steals and it's like, that's it. There's no road back for Denver. Whaddya Do need like Christian Brown to have like 35 points. You need some complete or you need Russ to flip it on. And by the way, how mad do you think the Clippers were watching this series with Russ? I think Russ was like minus 86 in the series games five game six. Game seven. He was like just universally atrocious And you'd think like he was one of the guys that swung that clipper series and then turned into, he's another one who turned into a pumpkin.


But I saw I, if I'm the Clippers, I'm still looking back at that round one being like, how, how did we not get past this team? Like how Whaddya Do what, what happened? You know? But they, the Denver's credit, they were able to play 14 playoff games somehow just to get OKC to seven I thought was remarkable because, I don't know, I just don't think that teams were close from a talent standpoint. I I, I don't know who can beat an entire team when every single defender is just like, all they really care about is you and Murray's elimination game track record is terrific. He's got two 40 point games, he's got the 50 point game in there, right? So you wondered, you know, you're gonna get another Murray moment out of this.


The fact that he played as well as he did with the illness in game six. But you know, just over the course of a series when you're going, okay, when Yoic does this, you know, and now it's like three, four fives, you know, in this case seven games in a row. It's like when he does this, when he catches here, we're doing this and then everybody's just in tune. And when you wait around on OKC and everybody starts flying around and the help is so good and they're so smart and all this stuff starts happening, I'm with you. I can't believe that Denver played 14 playoff games. I think that's well said. The other thing with OKC is they have different, looks like almost like a football team where they could be like, ah, we're just gonna rush you conventionally. Oh now we're bringing in six defensive backs.


Oh now we're blitzing from this side. And you just kind of never know what to expect. So I'm sure mentally just trying for Yoko, she was like a supercomputer trying to basically diagnose the problems that he can solve and just the lineups keep changing over and over again. They were bringing, it was almost like they were like a hockey team bringing dudes in and out the second quarter. I think OKC is gonna win the title and I'd be really surprised if they didn't. But the seeds were planted for how it wouldn't happen where you'd need a team that would just be able to go toe to toe with them and make them nervous. Like they were at parts of game six, like they were in that first quarter today and you leverage their youth against them, I guess would be the recipe.


But I, I just don't see anybody beating them. I think they're, I I said this to you last week, I think, I think what they do on defense is the best thing anyone's doing right now. And I don't, I don't, could there be, I'm trying to think of like the Knicks, like those five guys, the way they played in the second half of game four, the way they played for all of game six five guys that have not, I don't think have gotten a ton of reps together as a five, as a healthy fivesome. Maybe, maybe there's a ceiling there that maybe Game six is a little more representative of that maybe Indiana, their depth and you know, their style of play and just their pace and how comfortable they are all playing with each other.


Maybe that could be something and maybe Minnesota with, with the amp piece and then the Randall just really punishing anybody who's smaller than him. Maybe there's some level there, but I, I can't see anyone touching OKC. Can you? No, you're right. Like when you think about football teams, you go, which is the best unit OKCs defensive unit and the numbers are back it up. And I think the other part of it is, the thing that you loved about them all regular season is this team can go one big, they can go two bigs and both bigs actually compliment each other. They don't see now Zero. We found out today they don't need a big just Alex Caruso as a six four setter.


There's times where you know it against Memphis it didn't really matter. But then I remember, I think it was even in game one with Al where I'm thinking like he's coaching this game like he's down 20 because he experimenting in game one for the rest of this series. And then they have that small lineup today just to kind of pour on their adaptability. And so, you know, whenever you look at the playoffs you're like, Hey, they're deep, they'll do all this stuff. It's like, yeah, you really only wanna play seven GA games or excuse me, seven guys and, and be who you are. That's, that's completely like removing the thing that I've liked the most about them all season long is on paper and based on watching them play all season long, their depth or Sometimes we can overrate the depth part of it a little bit.


Like I was still surprised in the Pacers, I'm like, they're in these playoff games and they're playing 10 guys in the first quarter. Like that's, that's unheard of and it's working for them. Maybe it's because of their style. And again, we'll see what happens here with the Knicks, but there's part of me because I thought OKC was so good had they lost this game. It's like, so do I have to just completely eliminate teams that have all this malleability with their roster because that is their greatest strength. And I think we saw that in this series. Well it's like we say every spring when we're doing these, how many guys do you actually have? Right? Right. I think the Knicks in that last series, they have seven guys now, now that Robinson can give them 15 minutes a game.


And McBride has been a, I think a really good bench player all season. They have seven, which I think you can win the title with seven guys. Indiana has 10. We'll see if they get into a really hard series, how many people that number actually is. But it, it probably is eight, you know, and then maybe Obi Toppin, maybe that's nine. But you could work there Minnesota as a team. I'm really interested to see what that number ends up being because you have Nas and Gobert, you have Randall, you have Ants. There's four Vincenzo Conley as the playoffs go along with his age. We'll see that's six maybe Alexander Walker.


Yeah, well He's definitely, I mean, so that's seven and that's probably it. OKC they might have nine or 10. I mean I think Wallace, I I, you know, I've loved him all year. I, I always put him in my Ringer 100 voting even though I think he plays like 19 minutes a game. But I just think they're bringing dudes out that Isaiah Joe's not even playing for them. I really like Isaiah, Joe Wiggins, I really like, I almost feel like Wiggins is probably like, fuck I could probably play 30 minutes for 20 teams in the week. So I guess that's what we're gonna find out with with Minnesota because they're gonna need everybody and they're gonna be coming at Connolly.


They're gonna be, they're gonna be pressuring Ant and I I don't think it's a great matchup for them. Whaddya Do think the line is just outta curiosity For game one. Okay. No KC Minnesota as a series Minus 1 75 kc. I'm gonna say higher. I'm gonna say minus 300 and the answer is minus 3 75. Jesus. Well it makes, I think Minnesota has a better chance than that, right? Yeah that seems With the way Randall's playing The first, the game one line, it's huge. I mean I already looked at it because I was like, is there a game one scenario there where you go Minnesota easy path so far grind for OKC.


Yeah. Having to play in Denver that whole time and the fact that the Western Conference has the quicker turnaround than the Eastern Conference on this one is brutal. But they had to do that in case there was gonna be a game seven. So it's minus seven and a half for the, for game one. I mean to me that screams Minnesota plus a seven and a half feeling like you're hoping to get OKCA little hungover from the series I. If I'm betting against OKC, I'm just betting the money line in a game because it feels like they just, they cover those bigger spreads and their defense if they're up 10, if they're up 12, all of a sudden it's 20 before you blink. But the I'd rather just take the, go right against them.


Hey, time for a special part of the show brought to you by Workday. Are you a forward thinker? I feel like you're a forward thinker then you need an HR and finance platform that thinks like you do. Workday is the AI platform that helps propel your organization, your workforce, and your entire industry into the future Workday moving business forever forward


watching OKC today, I felt myself get relieved yet again that they didn't end up with the seventh pick in the 2025 NBA draft. 'cause that would've sucked because we got really close, we had two, two teams jumping Philly there and OKC could have added the seventh pick to everything we're watching right now where they're already so deep. They have guys who were playing 10, 15 minutes less. Jalen Wi Jay will the other Jalen Williams, I don't even think he played in the first three quarters. And that guy, that guy would've played 30 minutes for the Celtics in the, in the Nick series. And the craziest thing too is you'd watch the series and you go like, here's a guy that scores three points a game. He's a complete afterthought on offense. And yet his body and his strength was like a nice little like, hey go in there and hack Yoic.


Like to think that the third center that they don't even need don't need him plays a significant role at times defensively in this series because you know, it's a bit like the cat thing at least last year or year ago. Okay. At least we have a huge big body type that's strong and can fight for position. Yeah. 'cause you're just gonna need some of those minutes with Yoic so you're just not allowing to, to get deep. I mean 'cause every time that Yoic got, she is just eyes lit right up. It was like, okay. And you could see was like, I I I want end up with they Didn't want that was the one they they want Yeah. Than the beginning of the series. How many if you did the player by player on each team.


So Yoic, let's remove Yoic Gordon and, and Murray the fourth best guy on the Nuggets was Brown and the fifth best guy was probably Porter. Is that fair for the Nuggets? Yeah, I, I think okay. I mean even though he is disappointing, I don't, I don't Who else are you picking? It has, so it has to be him right? Supporter with one shoulder. Does he get on the court for that OKC team? The fifth best guy? Does he play a minute in that series for them? Well he's not playing over Caruso, he's not playing over Wallace. He's Caruso door to Wallace. So cross that off. Is he playing over Wiggins?


I don't think so. So that's 5 6, 7 Wiggins Michael Porter Jr. At his peak Playing's saying there's the guy we just watched. It lasts two weeks. I don't think he plays for them in the, in that series. Yeah, I don't. And nobody else does either. I don't think Wiggins was was all that necessarily in this series. No, But this is healthy.


This episode is brought to you by MICHELOB ULTRA. We all have our routines during the playoffs. I'm the same man who once wore the same t-shirt every single day during the 2003 baseball playoffs. I am the same person who will tell my wife to come into the room when I need a team to win because she's good luck during the NBA playoffs. These are things that happen. Well MICHELOB ULTRA a great addition to any game time routine. It is a superior LIGHT BEER, it's really great and they're getting fans closer to the game with exclusive prizes including court side seats to see your favorite team play sign memorabilia lots more and for your chance to win at MICHELOB ULTRA dot com slash quartzside MICHELOB ULTRA superior access QUARTZSIDE 2024 to 2025 sweepstakes no purchase necessary. Open a US residence, 21 or older ends on July 1st, 2025, multiple entry periods. Visit MICHELOB ULTRA dot com slash superior access slash courtside for free entry. Entry deadlines and official rules message and data rates may apply void. Where prohibited.


Alright, let's play, let's play. Do you wanna talk about the two series Coming up or do you wanna do Whaddya? Do do Whatever man, I'm ready to go. Alright. Right. Let's do Whaddya Do do first 'cause we can talk about Denver. They have Yoic Murray Gordon at 124 million last year. Next year they have Porter making 38.3 next year, 40.8 the year after. And I we're gonna find out he has like a torn labrum or some terrible injury. They have Najee at eight, brawn at Brown at five and Sarge at 5.4 player option. Do you wanna report now on Sarge 5.4? You want, you wanna do a breaking? Yeah, we're gonna go ahead and confirm that.


Okay, so he's picking it up. Okay. Yeah, Well I just don't know who's paying him with the limited cap space. Yeah, but he's picking that one up. Why that's not a one year deal. You could ask Calvin Booth, who's the lu of the GM of the Denver Nuggets, they have their own first in 26 and 28, their 27 and 29 first are top five protected going to OKC. They do not have a lot of flexibility to improve the roster. They were well o under the second apron this year. They had like seven, I think six, 7 million to play with and just didn't get whoever. But we always talk about this every February, like go get a buyout guy. It's like, well who, who are the buyout guys?


There weren't really any good ones this year, but the team, the roster wasn't good enough. Westbrook has a player option that I think he probably opts into too because that's like three and a half. So they might be stuck with him again, whether the, whether you considered stuck or not, but gonna be a tough roster to improve. And meanwhile all these other teams in the west are getting better. Which is why I led in the first segment with you start to worry about the windows with this stuff because if this is the nucleus and you're just bringing this back and hoping everybody's healthier, I'm, I don't think that's gonna be enough in the west as great as yos. I know we're, we're probably gonna fall on a lot of this of like Whaddya Do do, but if Porter Junior has, like I sometimes I see him written about like he's this awesome trade asset and he's not.


You're like, if he was any good they wouldn't want to get rid of him. Yeah. And the numbers are massive. I mean it's 38 next year, 40.1 in two years and he just appears to be a guy that even at his peak, you know, was more aware defensively, which is being nice. He rebounded a little bit more. He stretches the floor. You just wish you were more aggressive. It doesn't happen for him to the point where, you know, it ended up being a huge issue in that clipper series where he got benched before he was hurt. Yeah. And even Yoic was like, look it's the playoffs if you're not, if you're not into it now, I mean that's his teammate saying that. Yeah. Which, which really doesn't happen very often. So if you're moving them out, you're not moving them out for some other player that's this massive upgrade in solution because it's not like the rest of these executives aren't seeing these games and and know that generally with his talent, his size and his shooting ability, he should be a better player.


So if he's available, Whaddya Do actually getting for him. Bradley Beal, that was a joke for people not watching this. But that's, you're, you're, you're shopping, you're not shopping at at Whole Foods or Bristol Farms. You were, you were shopping at a pretty grossly kept grocery store when you're shopping Michael Porter around like where you're picking up the ground beef going, ooh, this might have been here for a while. That's who you're looking at. Like say Cam Johnson was available. Like why would that Right. They're getting Yeah, they're, yeah, they're never getting, yeah and he is on a better contract too, so I don't really know what they do and it'll be interesting 'cause Yoic has done a great job over the years of doing the whole, I'm just here to play basketball.


I leave every summer. I don't really have any opinion on anything. He's never really come out and said I need help, I need more. He's just not wired like that. But if he was ever gonna do it any summer, I think it would be this one. They, I still feel like that Yoki Murray Gordon as a three person foundation can compete for a title. 'cause we just saw it and, and the rest of the supporting cast has been bad all year and it failed them at the worst possible time. I don't really know the answer. I guess it's, it comes down to that Porter deal whether you feel like, would you have to attach a pick for it? Could you find the right GM who really likes him as an asset gets excited about it?


I don't know. Are you looking at like you're talking to Milwaukee and hoping maybe they talk themselves into 'em and it's like, all right, we'll take Kuzma back and something else and get two guys, turn 'em into two guys and then where are you anyway? All right. The Celtics, so I haven't talked to you, we haven't talked on a pod since the Tatum imagery. The numbers are grim next year and they were a lot less grim. If it was a team that made the eastern finals or the finals and they had cash, some playoff money this year and you felt like, you know, they were headed for something special and instead at the season abruptly ends, Tatum is out probably for next season.


Who knows their starting five next year is $188 million, their top nine is 205 million. That's not counting our cornet who are free agents. Total salary is gonna be around 2 27 approximately. Second apron is 2 0 7. So they have a huge tax bill plus a repeater tax and with Tatum's injury, I don't see any way that they don't try to get under that second apron. Do you? I don't know which owner would go into next year going, yeah, let's just run it back. Like I, I, again, I still think that they were gonna be pretty proactive about trying to figure out a way to save even if they'd won the whole thing.


I mean it just was gonna be tough. And so we've already covered the PR part of it of like the first thing you do Yeah. Is start saving money. But it's a little different when you're spending 6 billion on a team as opposed to a few hundred million like it used to be back in the day for these teams. So True. The Drew contract, I think all of us probably deserve a redo on not going like, Hey, he is a great guy and he is such a good leader and he is so good on defense. And you're like, what? Those numbers again, I mean there it's three years, 105 million for Drew Holiday 30, You can't two next year, 35, 37 Player option, You wanna report it now? Probably pick that one up.


KP is 30.7 next year and then it expires. But the thing is like they won the title last year, so that was the price of doing business. They had to take care of holiday before the playoffs started because he didn't know if he was staying or going. They didn't want that hanging over. They had to extend Pritchard as part of the zenas as part of the deal and they won the title. So you know, when you win the title it's, it's hard to be critical but then when you look at these numbers it's like holy mackerel. I still feel like Drew would have real value for somebody because there's, it's not a good free agent market and I think he's the type of person that you always hear younger teams wanna get like the, you know, the veteran who's been in a lot of big spots, who's a glue guy who, who doesn't care about his own stats we need is he, do you wish if you're trading for him that he was making 22 instead of 32?


Probably, but it feels like that's one and then KP is an expiring, I don't know, I guess we have to find out what's wrong with him and we still don't know. For some reason this is the most covered up illness, whatever that I can remember where even like people around the team won't talk about it. I still don't know what it's, Cus has missed 65 games since he's been with the Celtics. So when they made the trade and you think about the ceiling version of it because the ceiling version of it's really good stretches, the floor defends the rim. But this past year was a disaster. I mean there were 18.7 points better per 100 possessions with 'em off the floor. So even with the 30.7 million left on this deal, I don't know why anybody trades for that.


I mean, again, all of these guys are tradable so I'm not saying they're these movable contracts, but I'm surprised that you're so bullish on the market for Drew. I would feel like with 105 million remaining For him, I'm not bullish. I wouldn't use the word bullish. I think it's doable though. Doable. Or you have to attach something to it. I mean that's a ton for him. I dunno if you would have to attach, but maybe I'm being naive because I'm, I'm trying to factor it in. There's, so there's 30 teams in the league and 10 of them every summer are like, we're one guy away from really being interesting. The problem is there's no, there's really no free agents this year. There's nobody to like, oh this guy, that guy, there's, you know, the, it's like the, a lot of the Bruce Brown types, right?


And the price for the Bruce Brown types in the free agency. You're always higher than you think, right? It's like, or like Caldwell Pope last year, you know, Caldwell Pope got what, 22, 22 a year. Yeah. You know, I, the problem for them is I didn't, I didn't think Drew was not good in the Knick series. I mean other than game five, I didn't think, I just didn't think he played well. He's coming off his worst year in a really long time. Yeah. On top Of everything else I kept think he was gonna turn it on for the playoffs and, and he just didn't. So if you're taking back a worse player with a shorter contract for a ton of money, okay, maybe if you think you're getting an asset back, that's a rotational guy for this team next year and sending out, you know, him making 37 million plus at what, 37 years old?


36 to 37. It's, that's a huge ask. Granted, it's a player option, but again, house Picks at 10 who had, might be a little tradable, but yeah, I'm, I'm with you. I see it the same way as you the whole Oh yeah, they'll trade guys and get under the second apron. I, I definitely spent a couple hours looking at all the teams and you'd be surprised how many teams are just immediate cross offs. Either they don't have that thing to trade back or they wouldn't be interested in the first place. So, well You know what it gets back to right? What if you were alright, you just bought the team and you hit me up, you're like, what should I do? You've already made definitely would Hit you up.


I would've caught, you would've been one of my first like 10 calls. I just would've wanted your advice. I would say, and I hate that I'm, It would've gone right to voicemail and then I would've a call back and you would answer Far too often. All of us just say hit the magic reset button as if there's all of these scenarios out there for these teams to get better and not realizing the teams are trying to compete and be a little bit better. But next year without Tatum is most likely a lost cause. And Jalen as expensive as he is, he's an NBA finals MVP and he still young enough that I would try to flip him and look at next year as like this gap year of getting in some kind of assets to then reset because you're gonna have to reset it around Tatum anyway.


Al's gonna be gone. So, So you're looking at the 2020 warrior scenario of let's just take our lumps for one year and try to be ready. Yeah, and it look, it doesn't, doesn't guarantee anything. And it'd be a lot easier to say, Hey Jaylen's a really good player and he'll be the number one option and it's gonna be fine. And you know, who knows? Get into the playoffs. You see what'll happen. But I think you're just then delaying all of these other decisions that you're going to have to make. So I would hope if I'm a, if I'm, you know if again the Celtics, a lot of these things are connected. If Houston were to miss out on Giannis, right, say Giannis isn't real forceful about it, Milwaukee kind of goes to the default of like, hey run this back. But granted I think we'll have a Giannis conversation here anyway at some point you may be getting in front of something you probably have to do in 2026 anyway and then resetting this thing around Tatum and it would be really bold.


It'd be probably hard to do because it's a new ownership group that doesn't have the equity of WIC and his group. Or if WIC was explaining it, ownership that never spared any expects that, you know, they could probably pull it off quicker than who's this new guy and then they just traded Jalen Brown. But I'm serious. Like I think I would try to figure out a way to get a few assets back and and reset the salary deck that way and then hope, you know, granted you gotta be right around the things you're bringing back in around Tatum and do it that way. 'cause you may be getting in front of something you have to do pretty soon and it's probably gonna be a lot less options. Whaddya Do think So I don't know who to blame for this second apron thing because I think the owners are just gonna try to get away.


They're trying to protect themselves from themselves. They're trying not to spend too much money and they want all these checks and balances. This is what's what's been the case for all professional sports forever. They wanna protect themselves from themselves, from the 4, 5, 6, 7 people in the league who are like, I don't care, like bomber ish, I don't care. I don't care what stuff costs, I'm just gonna pay, just gonna throw money around. And everybody has. So they put this infrastructure in. But the players union who is always run poorly and always does a bad job with this stuff, and this is the worst thing they've ever done because what they've created is a league where you can't keep Tatum and brown together and you can't keep core people together because you can't afford to do it.


And if you try to keep the two together, you can't put anyone else around them. So this is just the way it is and you're gonna have these three, four year windows and then you're gonna have to blow it up. And this is just what we have, which I is not, I don't think what professional sports is about. I think professional sports is about, I have these guys, I've followed them their whole careers. We drafted them or they showed up or I've watched them go through their prime and then age with them and you know, if we're just gonna be this like transactional league now, I don't think that's good for anybody. So when I think of like the brown trade, it probably is the one that makes the most sense on paper. But that means we're splitting up Tatum and Brown, which is something I never wanted them to do.


And it might be the only move you might be, right? Because you know, like looking in Houston, if Houston who's gonna say, we'll take Jalen and Andrew and we'll give you Van Wheat back and Jabari and Easton and we'll give you the 10th pick and you know, you'll, you'll save like $20 million. We can make it work with our cap and that gets you under the second apron right there and get you a rebuild. I think they would have to think about deals like that. Then if you're Houston and you can get Jalen and Drew in the same trade and give up assets, but not touch Thompson and not touch Sheung goon and you know, keep it, keep enough going. That's the type of trade. But I just, for me it's like Ja, trading Jalen is an all time last resort.


There has to be a better option. What are your expectations for next year? Not good. So why play it out another year? Well, it becomes a question of do you want the person to stay in the city for his entire prime or in this case the two people together. Yeah, it'd be nice, but Now you don't get that option for 25, 26. You don't. I'd add a tough one's. Something else onto the Houston thing because I, I think the Giannis thing is gonna be a big influence on like how, or does Houston do all the legwork for some sort of Giannis deal and then it's just pulled back Then It backs out or, Yeah, right.


Well Also like if you're Giannis, like I'm, I would rather kind of stay in the east if I felt like my team could be almost good enough, right? The east is gonna be awful next year compared to the we. Like if you're just removing Boston from the picture next year in the east and you know, God only knows what's gonna happen with Cleveland because they're way over the apron. I might rather, I might rather stay in the East than go to Houston and be in this like juggernaut of a conference against all these awesome teams. I don't know, does that guarantee me anything? Plus Giannis already won a title, which I think everybody forgets when they, I don't think he's decided anything, but he already won the title.


I think he just wants to be in a good team. I don't think it's about like, I need a ring. He won a, It was the most talked about thing at the combine There. Yeah, let's hear it sitting there. You were in Chicago for three days. Yeah, and I, I'd say like the conversations are kind of all over the place that it's definitely happening. That you know, it's, or the other side of it is that he actually hasn't initiated any of this stuff. I think that's true. I've talked to teams that spoke with his agent where it's like if anything were to happen, you know, we're, we're kind of like hinting in these areas of like semantics. It's like, hey, nothing's really happened, but if anything were to happen, I think the most important thing to remember is that it's probably not a free market kind of deal where Milwaukee's gonna be telling Giannis and his agent, Hey guess what we did today?


All right. Right. Even with control for a couple years here, you know, the standard usually is for somebody at this level we're talking about one of the three best players in the world that he's going to have input on where he would be going. Now if he's open to four or five different teams, then you know, this is a different transaction as opposed to guys in the past where it's like, Hey, I have a year left on my deal and if you trade me anywhere else, like I'm not gonna resign. So then that destroys the trade market and then it's like, all right, how many swaps can we throw in this thing to make it look like it was that good of a trade? Yeah, and you've kind of screwed, which I think is another conversation that you would have if you're the bucks going. Okay. If Giannis is fine with it. Okay. And I know I've said that in the past, like if he told me, Hey, I'm good with Milwaukee, that's all I need to hear and you hope to win 48 50 games and, and to your point see what's going on in the east, I mean it's not the worst scenario, but if I'm getting the feeling like it's gonna be way worse in 26, then I might just want to get this thing over with now and bring back players.


Do you think maybe, maybe be like, is is Uzma gonna be on the team next year? And they're like, he is like, okay, I'd like to revisit my options. You're Just gonna keep scrolling right on this, on this one, on This spot track thing. Yeah, just keep, just keep going left and right. Nope, keep going, keep going. No, there's one word here there. Wait, that's not an option. Nope. Well let me ask you this. With Giannis though, what if Gold, what if he says to Milwaukee, I've decided I wanna be traded. They're like, okay, but I only wanna be traded Golden State. That's where I want to go. And I won you a title and I've been an awesome buck and I've been here since 2013 and I represented the community an amazing way and all I've done is kick ass for you guys.


And if you're gonna trade me, I'd like to go to Golden State. So now Whaddya Do do you're the books like, well That's really nice, It's cool place but We like a lot of other potential pieces more than Minga. Yeah, that's looking like Draymond Minga and all of their picks and a million swaps I guess. And that's not, not a headliner. I would not pods, maybe POS is in there. There's no way I'm bringing Draymond in to be like, okay, we need more from you on offense because now Curry's not running around you for a decade. So Well How about the, what Randall did to him that ended the defensive player of the year debate?


Yeah. You know, because I thought, I thought it strength in his case considering everything that he had to deal with in Houston. But Randall, I mean Randall's just off the charts right now. So Wait, so this leads me to Cleveland though. Just talk about Giannis quickly. Okay. Do you wanna be the Milwaukee G or the Cleveland G The most For this phone call? I'll stay in the, I'll stay with Milwaukee. Okay. I'll be the Cleveland G I'll be Kobe Altman. Hey Kobe. Hey Mobley for Giannis. Straight up Whaddya. Do think we could do the deal on July 1st when Moby's kicker comes in straight up? He's six and a half years younger. Call it in right now.


Done. You're done If you're Milwaukee. Yeah, I think I'm done. If I'm Cleveland too, I think I'm doing it. I think it's a great trade and I don't even know what, what if you had to say one side has to throw in something else, which team would you pick to have to throw something else in? Giannis is a better player, but Moby's six and a half years younger. I mean what else would you want from Milwaukee? There's no picks. Right, Right. Some sort of, I guess some swap in 2032. Anything like We wanna, I think it's a really fair trade, You know. Can you send us to AJ so we can do an aj, Sam Merrill back court.


Hey, can you sign a trade Kevin Porter Jr. In keeping him? No, I think that trade makes a lot of sense to me and I know they love Moby there. You have an option? Yeah. Or is he two years? So Moby turns 24 in June. Yes he has an option And Giannis is 30, he turns 31 in December. Cleveland is really screwed with no first round picks this year in 27, 29 and swaps with Utah. So they had no their picks thing done. I guess the question for Cleveland is do you overreact to what happened in those playoffs or do you say eh Garland was hurt? What we miss game two, the series got away from us we're still really good.


We won 64 games and, and if you think that Garland wasn't super important, everything we did then you didn't watch us this season 'cause he was, our back court was the single biggest, like basically our OKCs defense was the best thing they had. Their back court was the best thing that they had and Garland wasn't Garland in that series. So that's Whaddya Do would talk yourself into And the role players sucked. Stru sucked. Jerome was super disappointing. That's where you would say let's give this one more year counter would be, you could have a team that has Donovan Mitchell, dares Garland and Giannis on it in a weakened east and I think you're immediately the favorites in the east.


Yeah. The only reason I'd be so quick on the Milwaukee side is that I'm, I'm emphasizing I'd rather do something now if I get the hint that it's like, okay we're fine for now but I'm gonna have to do this all over again next year with another right year of of miles on Giannis. There's probably another just little nagging injury that'll happen. I mean this guy's on an all time tear. He was great again this year. I don't have a negative thing to say about him. I mean hell the fact that he addressed the Halliburton's dad thing the way that he did where he composed himself, thought about what he was gonna say and gave you this incredibly like heartfelt answer.


You know he just, I'm such a huge fan of this guy. Not only because of stuff like that but knowing that when he takes the floor he wants to kill everybody out there and I want to see him get another run. So I realized like I'm losing the trade on talent out for talent in and wondering, okay, like even the best version of Mobley, it's likely he's not gonna be finishing top five in the MVP race like five years in a row. And I think Giannis he's gonna be what, like seven years in a row, top four, something like that. So we all love him. We all think that's what it's fantastic. But it would be okay comparing Mobley to the rest of the potential like make believe stuff that we're doing here. It's better than maybe even a men Thompson. It's better than the number two pick or the number three pick.


I mean some of the stuff that I've read in the days removed from the combine of like Houston, if they were gonna do something and San Antonio was gonna do something and like what they wouldn't trade. It's like, look, castle had a nice year. Yeah but Giannis like gimme a fucking break stop. You're, you're gonna have to trade Castle Houston has these pieces where it's like, dude, they're not doing it for Cam Whitmore. You don't get to keep everybody. Yeah right. You're gonna have to like Jabari or Jalen or and go like one of the three has to go and then you're figuring out the rest of the part and if it's Jalen, maybe Two of the three for that. Yeah, right, right. Because like, oh nom man, not tar, no Reed Shepherd. No Shang Goon don't give up on Jalen yet. Well what of other piece We with the Milwaukee we, I just have to mention this, even though we talk about it every time we talk about this, they don't have any of their picks.


So it makes no sense for them to do a dump trade. Which is why the Moby thing was so interesting to me that they could bring back somebody that would keep them competitive and somebody they could build around and then hope, oh when Dame comes back maybe we'll be pretty good and maybe we'll have cap space in two years. Like there's light at the end of the tunnel where right now they don't have any. And I think it gets, when You don't have your own picks, it just gets so complicated with the rebuild because it's not really rebuild, You don't have your picks. Brooklyn's in that spot too and they made that crazy trade with Houston last year to get their picks back so they could feel better about basically tanking, which is what the league is now. And the league rewards that. And this goes back to the second apron discussion.


The league rewards that over actually shrewdly building a smart team and doing and putting your roster together the right way and winning trades and drafting. Now it's like, you know, Whaddya Do should actually do is just throw away four seasons in a row, accumulate a lot of picks, take some of those picks and keep trading and get more picks down the road. So you have this never ending fountain of picks and then eventually hopefully you strike oil with a couple and you can have a contender and then you could thwart the second apron that way. Which is basically what Utah's trying to Utah's basically emulating what OKC did. Right. Houston's emulating it to some degree, but that's I guess what the league would rather see people do.


Yeah. I also think there's like a conversation in there about, you know, was there so much freedom of movement and so many players dictating things that that they put enough restrictions in there. It was like, okay, you can be as mad as you want, you can want to go there, but now I legally can't even do the thing that you wanna do. Now granted it's about, to your point, giving yourself a credit limit on a card that even though you could afford a higher credit limit, you're like I need to figure out a way to curtail this because Right, it's not, it's not just, you know, Sometimes we lose sight of this, it's not, oh well they're keeping spending down across the board. It's like well no, that comes down to the negotiated split on the basketball revenue. So whatever the basketball revenue is and whatever the split is that's agreed upon, like that money's going to the player. So the lower, the lower apron or you know, granted the caps going up every time, but whatever the money is it, it only hurts the players in those off seasons.


It's gonna hurt them individually but collectively these guys are still making what's agreed to with all this stuff. So Yeah, like Mitchell was a good example last year. We talked about that last summer that he kind of ran out options and it actually made the most sense for him to stay with Cleveland, which I think is part of what they were designing the CBA around to kind of nudge people to staying where they are. But ironically Now you have this new issue where the Celtics, you might be right, they might have to trade Jalen Brown just to write the ship financially for a year during this tragic Tatum injury. And then so Now you have a different problem, you still have the problem of stars not staying where their cities are, you know, which is why the SGA thing.


I think the SGA thing is what people, I personally think that's what people wanna root for. I think they wanna root for Edwards staying in Minnesota and staying there for a while and starting to win titles. They wanna, they wanna root for Curry at age 37 trying to win one last time in Golden State. Everything Kobe did for you know, two decades in la that's what people care about. That's what they respond to. And we're unfortunately gonna start moving away from it it feels like. But if it means more parody and if we're seeing the first postseason of, of something that becomes more the norm, which I'm not ready to say. I mean this could be a blip, It might be it's, see, well it's definitely, this season's definitely something, I don't know if it's a new thing going forward, right?


But it's definitely some sort of era ended in some sort of new eras here and I don't know how to really put my hands around it yet. Yeah. I'm not ready to make any definitive statement about what we have for playoff teams. But if it is, if there is more parody and it's not just three guys teaming up and going somewhere, whether it's through free agency or demanding trades and you know the the next mad guy going, I'm mad, I want out and I'm only going there and we just all accepted it and was that better? No, that the good thing is that air is over.


Well that was the longest segment we've ever done. You can learn more about workday@workday.com. We're gonna take a break and come back 'cause I wanna talk about Golden State as well, but we're staying on YouTube.


This episode is brought to you by LinkedIn. Every basketball team that's still alive in the playoffs has one thing in common. Their key trades and signings throughout the season paid off giving each team the talent needed to make a run at the championship. With a small business, your success directly depends on the new talent you add to your team. And a great place to find that talent is LinkedIn. They know hiring is a big deal for small businesses, not only because small businesses are wearing so many hats, but also because every hire is crucial for a growing company. That's why LinkedIn pairs you with the best candidates using data you won't find anywhere else from unique skills and interests to the connections you have in common. LinkedIn also lets you go beyond candidates who are actively applying in a given week. 171 million LinkedIn members aren't actively seeking jobs but they are open to new opportunities. That's a big pool to miss out on. So find your next grid hire on LinkedIn, post your job for free at LinkedIn dot com slash simmons. That's LinkedIn dot com slash simmons. Post your job for free terms and conditions apply.


This episode is presented by State Farm on the basketball court. The best players know when to pass and off the court. You still need teammates who are there when accounts. That's where State Farm comes in with agents to help you find coverage that's right for you. You can focus on what really matters, whether that's hitting game winners or just getting through the day Like a good neighbor. State Farm is there. State Farm coverage options are selected by the customer. Availability and eligibility vary by state.


This episode is brought to you by Uber Eats Summer is almost here and you can now get almost anything you need for your sunny days delivered with Uber Eats. Whaddya Do we mean by almost, well you can't get a well groomed lawn delivered, but you can get chicken Parmesan delivered. A cabana that's a no. A banana, that's a yes. A nice tan. Sorry. No, but a box fan. Happily yes. A day of sunshine. Nope. A box of fine wines. Yeah, Uber Eats can definitely get you that get almost, almost anything delivered with Uber Eats Order Now Alcohol and select markets product availability may vary by Region C app for details.


Okay. Golden State. Golden State's probably in the worst shape out of the four. The four Woody DO teams that just got eliminated because they have all their first, basically Miami has their first this year, but they have 26, 28, 29 and 31 and they basically have 32. They made this weird trade with Washington where they get the pick if it's one through 20 and Washington gets it if it's 20 through 30. So they basically have it. Draymond's got two years left, Curry and Butler have two years left. They're basically locked into that core for 140 million and Peyton and Looney are Ufas and then Minga is the sign and trade piece.


I personally think somebody's gonna trade, sign a trade for Minga would be my guess because I think it's limited for agents and I think there's enough there to fool you into thinking he's a 15 to $20 million guy. Some GM will be fooled, I am dubious of it, but Whaddya Do think, Yeah, you're right. The free agent list is so bad and that's why it's so funny. It's like, well there's not that much cap space. It's like okay, but is there not that much cap space and guys aren't gonna get paid or a couple guys are gonna get paid a ton more than we thought because there's no one to pay. So if I'm the Nets, I'm probably not looking to get into the Minga business at a huge number because it's probably pretty stupid.


I think the best version of minga, unless you know everything clicks and he totally figures it out, it's probably like, all right, you run out there with a bad team and score your 20 points. A game like this dawned on me during some of the Jalen green struggles and Minga playing really well where I had said in my pod I was like, is Minga Jalen green with less opportunity? Which is seems like it's, it's kind of insulting to a Jalen Green. I'm not even sure that I'm Two guys that should end up on Charlotte. Yeah, so Just putting up stats, the Thought popped in my head and I actually think that's unfair to Jalen Green. So I'm, I'm not, that's not my conclusion. It's just, hey, I'm sharing some thoughts every now and then. What like the non taxpayer mid-levels 14 million. I mean is there a non-tax team that goes, Hey, this is actually a pretty decent acquisition.


If you look at these numbers where there's three teams that have cap space, Brooklyn is 58 million, Detroit's got 24.6, it might be able to get a little more, Memphis has 6.9 but could also potentially get a little more. And the Detroit one I think is gonna be different depending on the C stuff too. So I think that could be right If he gets on NBA that Could, I think it goes to 19. But Full non taxpayer mid-level is San Antonio, Sacramento, Charlotte, Washington, Utah, and Atlanta. A couple of those teams feel a little dominga to me and then taxpayer mid-level but not full that that list has like 10 teams on it. Yeah, but That's only like five and a half million. The crazy thing is when you see the guy who's like seventh or eighth on a team and he immediately gets the two year like two year tax mid-level and he's just like, I don't, I'm like, I'm afraid I'm afraid to wait this thing out.


So I'll just take that right Now. You Know what they call that? The Austin Reeves that that one day he's like how much? Okay. Yeah but they weren't look the their agents, I mean look, I know those guys so I'm a little biased. They knew what was going to be out there and what wasn't going to be out there for Austin, right? So it's not like they jumped on something without all the, Now a team that got solely injured as the season went along and limp to the finish would somehow be super healthy next year. But more heels. It Was fun.


It was more fun. It was fun, right? It was, hey this could happen. I don't Know, it was fun, right? Until the fourth quarter at game three against Minnesota game. That was when the fun stopped when it seemed like they were gonna go up to one against Minnesota and at least buy enough time for Curry to come back for game six. And then Minnesota finished him off and Randall, the Randall Renaissance. Did you keep any Randall stock? Did you ever have Randall stock? No, I, I mean I think I had it for the draft. I liked him better than Marcus. Smart. Did you really? Yeah I did. Interesting. I did. I liked his play making. I liked the size and there were times where I thought I was right. I mean you wanna talk about, this is like you and I revisiting the Pelicans, Lakers, Anthony Davis trade again, which you probably due next week.


I Have it scheduled The number of times that you could have argued Smart against Randall and then it's like it was this late to be able to argue like, yeah actually, Oh God you're right. That argument flipped again. Like that would be an incredible segment. Maybe not a great segment, maybe a real slow No You and I would enjoy it. Yeah, we'd like it. But just trying to figure out like what are the longest possible ar like Drafting one guy or the other guy, how many times it flipped back and forth. Yeah. Can you get to year 14 where you're like, I'm still not sure Shot married versus Andre Miller had a couple twists and Terence system.


Yeah, right. I mean then once you know Dan, Tony got there with Marian, you're like, all right, now he's, he's hitting threes and everything else. I have a couple of fake Celtics trades for you. Just No, I Wanna stay on the Warriors thing though. Oh, go. Because I, I think there's a, a little bit of a lesson in this in that the things you're battling and how tough the moment is versus all the decisions later on because I would've not wanted to get into the Jimmy Butler business. Okay. And then Dunlevy basically is like, what are we doing? We're not doing anything. We got off to this great star. We're terrible. Yeah. And now it's everybody chasing Steph around and he has to take all these other shots. 'cause we don't trust, like no one cares about any of the other four guys that are out there offensively and everything's on Steph.


And so if we we're not really moving out anything of significance. Yeah. What are we actually disrupting? And then they get attacked on the extra massive year for Butler. Okay. Because like that becomes part of it. But you know, the beginning of the 25 calendar year, nobody cares about any of that stuff. And it looks like how could you have questioned this? Butler has his joy back and all these different things and you know, the playoffs are disappointing Also. Minnesota might be really good. Yeah. That's the other piece. And they lost their best guy one game in. But there's, you know, I know Jimmy in the game where he took nine shots after the fact.


He's like, Hey, he was sick. I mean this by the way, this playoff season is unbelievable with the health and illness updates that we get from every team as soon as they're eliminated we're like our trainer had a cold. Our our the pilot has has eczema. You know, it was tough. It was tough for us at the end. So you know, you, you look at all of this Butler stuff and it's this huge celebration and then it's almost like how could you have not wanted Jimmy Butler? And he is so smart and he is doing all these different things. Then you're watching him like take the first quarter off of playoff games and then Steph is out and you're like, Hey dude, just shoot. Because I mean another Pems ski off the Dribble stuff isn't working Dream on offensively. I mean if you, you know, I know he hit four threes in that game, thanks.


But then you're like, all right, now we're kind of stuck and we're paying those three guys 140 million and like, what's Jimmy gonna be like with an expiring Contract? Are we sure he was healthy Jimmy? Yeah. 'cause I'm not, I'm not positive he was healthy in that Minnesota series. He looked, I think that injury he got fucked him up and I think they could, you know, I, I think these guys get shot up with a whole bunch of stuff so they can play like God only knows what Aaron Gordon had put in his body today so he could limp around for two hours. But I don't know if that was like a five day injury. Jimmy had. I'm not, by the way, I'm not making excuses for Jimmy Love. Please. He looked, looked exhausted. I he just didn't look right to me in round two.


I didn't, I did not feel like that was like a vintage Jimmy performance. Well 'cause it wasn't I Well Is it, you know what I mean? Is there anything for Draymond Green at 34 years old at 26 and a player option for 27 and a half, is there anywhere? Yeah. I mean is there anything that works there where you go, Hey it's been a great run but we need to figure out something else. We need more offense in today's game. It's interesting because we, it feels like we've had this conversation now for three straight years. If it's a younger team on the rise that needs like their version of the veteran guy who's been in some wars maybe, but I, I just don't know what you're getting back.


It's not like you're saving money, you're gonna have to take somebody else's contract back. Right. I'm not talking about it as a salary dump. I'm just wondering if there's saying Specific value that he brings. Yeah. Getting for him though. Well you'd already have to have your offense pretty established because he can't go to another team and you're like, Hey we want you to shoot more because the offensive stuff with him now is like a major problem for them in the playoffs. Could it be the Lakers? Are You doing a reeves deal? No, I, I I was thinking like a Rui and something else, but I said I don't think the Warriors are trading Draymond unless it's like this unbelievable deal for them, which I don't think they're getting, Reeves is getting traded. That one I would bet on. I wouldn't bet my life on it, but I would bet on it.


I think they're gonna turn him into something. I don't, it's just the logical thing because he's, it's the same situation that Knicks were in with Hartenstein last year where it's like year he's just gonna be able to get more money outside the team than he will with the team and he is not gonna stay for less money again. So they have to trade him this summer. And by the way, I don't, I think it makes sense to trade him. I don't think it makes sense to have, if you're keeping LeBron for this year next year and you have Luca and you have Reeves, we've already seen it, you're not gonna be able to win four rounds with that as your top three. They need to turn 'em into a center. Yeah, but can't he just turn down the extension now and then sign for more with him if they wanted to keep him later on. There's so I thought maybe I'm wrong, but I thought there was something with the, it was a little hard like for what it was The Extension that he got, I think he can only get a certain level of raise unless they're like way under the cap.


So I think that's the issue. But I think they're gonna trade him some. Yeah They can. I'm pretty sure they can wait. You're right because it's like the max, like the percentage off of It lasts year of the previous contract because it was lower. I think that extension puts him way below market again. Yeah. But I think if they were waiting, if which he was obviously going to do, I think there's a a they could actually then sign him later on. So I don't look, let me throw two at you though. Yeah. Because for Warriors No, just in general. Yeah. Would you dot him for Giannis Wouldn't, I don't think Tatum's on the, on the table.


Okay. Is there, do you think if Nico hadn't traded Luca, he trades the number one pick for Giannis? I don't. I think from all indications they're like holy shit we got Cooper flagged. Like if we're doing trade value list, it feels like he's already in the top like seven because of his age and the rookie contract and how impactful he is gonna be right away. Right. He's 19 in December. It's ama like how can you possibly that the list is so short of people I would even like entertain a phone call with him and he is gonna be so good right away in all these different ways They, the Giannis, I, I do have some fear with Giannis if I'm trading for him.


I'm not getting Giannis in his mid twenties. I'm getting a guy who's 31 who has been in some long seasons who's already had some wear and tear and who plays a really physical style of a game. You know, I, I just don't, I would just rather have the young guy in the rookie contract and take the ride with that. You do you disagree? No, that's the right answer. But I, you know, there was all sorts of stuff where I know KOC had mentioned that the Celtics talk with Cooper flag And by the way Oh at the combine. Yeah but they have, But it's for five years from now when he turns down his rookie extension and just comes be the Celts be the first guy I'm counting on you, Kelly Flagg. Kelly Flagg, she's got our backs 2030 Celtics.


Come on Kelly Flag. Don't think people, it sounded like a newsworthy item but I and I and KOC mentioned it so it wasn't as if he was reporting it as this like, oh my god can you believe this? Like once you understand how it works, like they're like yeah we'll do the interview with him, we'll do the interview with the top guy. And by the way, for offices there's nothing they love more than doing stuff where they think they're collecting information. Even if it's incredibly unlikely. All of these rookies they're gonna interview, they're never even gonna have on their team. But I thought some of the Cooper stuff of like the hypotheticals and then realizing like even if Nico and ownership were like this actually makes a ton of sense, it makes a ton of sense for our window. Why would we do this?


Like why would we try to have two timelines? Which seems like it never ever works out except for maybe the Spurs but they just obviously couldn't do something like that months after they did what they did with Luca. But the longer term part of it, which is a lot like the Laker side of it, which again, you're not gonna say no to getting Luca for anybody, but it's like even if this screws up the 25 part of it, which again, I don't know what Anthony Davis, how different it would've been. I'm not gonna guess that he's healthy with him, hurt with anybody else but Cooper gives you the post ad like you know, Whaddya Do can be and build around. So it's, it's extending like it's, it's not necessarily like a championship window but it's like hey if Kyrie's this or ad is this and all these things, like we now have a new thing though that we already have in place that if he's as good as everybody thinks he can be the hardest thing to get in the league.


Which is again why the Lakers, that's the discussion around the Lakers in 25. It's like alright, whatever even happens here but you know for the next five years or longer with Luca like the, we have the first thing, which is the hardest thing to find. 'cause without it well there's no point. Well Isn't the bigger question, why wouldn't you trade Davis as weird as that would be to considering he was the focal point of the Luca trade. But wouldn't it make more sense to trade Davis and try to build a team that has a different timeline? Is there a Davis Lakers trade that makes sense? Not that I, we'd have to be flipping it back, but, but what if, If Reeves turned into Reeves?


Like if Reeves turned into like, I don't know, I'm, I'm trying to think, you know it's not Paolo but like that level or Scotty Barnes two years ago when it seems like his, his values taken a massive hit, which I'm pushing against here. That's my position right now on this. But what if, but what if San Antonio said second pick and the cell, well I don't even think they would do this by the way. I'm just, I'm just using his hypothetical like range of what ad might be worth if San Antonio is like, you know what we feel like Weby is ready right now. Now we'll do the second pick in Bael right now for ad. No I wonder if Dallas would even consider that.


I don't think they would. I think for everything, you know Nico's Sopac committed to the ad thing working out, I don't think they're gonna do an interest sample what a Booker was on on the table Then you have to do it. You have to do if you're Dallas. Yeah Why would Phoenix do it? The Rant be and ad and it's Matt ish who's already done nine things we disagreed with. I don't know would So you think Dallas would've to throw in more in that be ad plus for Booker? Yeah, Booker doesn't, well I shouldn't say Booker doesn't get hurt 'cause he, he's had some some time I would say booker's value is not as high as it used to be.


I think that's a mistake. He was born in 1996 so that makes him 28 years old, 29 in October. So he's I think three years younger than Davis. What if there was a wait you Think Phoenix would have to, who do you value more right now? 80 year booker. I'm a bad person. You have to think about this. I'm a bad person to ask 'cause I don't, I'm not convinced AD can stay on a basketball court. I do have to think about that. So that's your answer. I I was really unimpressed by Booker. It lasts two years. I don't understand why it wasn't more of his fault that his team went to hell in a hand basket and couldn't even make the playoffs and he was somehow absolved from this when we both thought he was like a really special player who should be in the short list of franchise guys.


I don't understand why they were so bad. I can't believe you just said I'm not the person to ask This is you, this is your entire life's i's work. I'm not person to Ask about I'm, I'm talking about I'm not the person to ask with ad because I default toward not thinking he's gonna be in a basketball court but I don't know if I'm in the minority or not on that. No. That was one of the things I thought was so crazy with Dallas. Like I just don't trust that he's gonna play nine months of basketball in a season. You know especially they trade for him and he got hurt again. What if it was, what if it was, where's the other one? What if there was something with Brooklyn where Brooklyn traded for Davis and Cam Johnson the eighth pick in the draft and more first and it was like the Claxton action.


Maybe Nick Claxton like I don't know it, my point is I couldn't figure out the ad trade even though I think it probably makes sense for them to trade ad but maybe they can decide to do that in February. I don't understand the team they have now. I guess they'd have to play flag at small forward. But if I'm Dallas all I care about is flag. That's my number one. Number two and number three priorities is how can I put this guy in his position to succeed for the next five years. And I'm not positive him playing small forward is how, how he's succeeding. But they have these two centers and and they have Davis. So then plan BI guess would be to trade at least one of the centers and maybe you could just have Lively Davis and Flag and those are your three guys and you split up the 96 minutes with those three guys and you feel like Davis can get hurt sometimes anyway but they probably have to trade Gafford.


That might be the move. That's probably the easiest solve I'm sure they're gonna have to trade one of the centers, right? If I'm them I wanna keep flagging lively. 'cause now short term and long term, that's where I'm in business with those guys. Yeah but Lively's a little different player when it's not Luca. True, true. But maybe he'd have value for the right thing anyway. I think it'd be hard to trade ad I have another draft trade for you. What if Philly didn't wanna stay at three and what if they wanted to move back a couple spots and what if they called New Orleans and said we'll give you three and Uber is expiring for seven and Herb Jones called him right now.


Philly moves back four spots to get Herb Jones. New Orleans moves into that top four that I think all of us really like. And I would include Ace Bailey in the top four personally. Man I love myself some Herb Jones. I figured you would, feels like a Darly trade, right? Still love C ends up with like K nipple at seven and Herb Jones and that's what they turned the third pick into. It's pretty interesting. Yeah because Vini was really good on this as he always is from the athletic on the draft stuff. And he was talking about how you know Phil, because of Darrell you would expect, you know, big into the models but not, I don't know that any team would go, Hey this is what our model says and now this is all we're doing.


But that Bailey on some of the analytic stuff is just not A, not a Daryl guy. I've been trying to tell people that he's edgecomb I think is more in the darl vicinity. Yeah but then you think hey they have Maxie McCain, I, I feel like Edgecomb with his, his just motor and the way he attacks the rim, like there's just another level of like, hey some guys get to the rim. Like I look at the NBA and go, okay, whenever we say it's really hard to stay in front of this guy. Well the way defenses are so sophisticated now and everybody kind of understands like game in and game out. Like this is the plan against somebody who's really aggressive and dynamic off the ball. You can clog them up. I mean look what Denver did with a zone against SGA who's one of the best drivers in the entire league, right?


Alright, so having said all of that and then there's Ant okay and then there's Ant and in college somebody can be really good in special athletic. You're like all right, but can this guy consistently just get to the rim? You know, that's really hard to do when a team is ready for it and Edgecomb felt like he consistently was just in this other gear in comparison to other guys that are, you know, playing college basketball. So does that translate over over to the NBA and everything? So, you know, it'd be interesting if there's no deal there for Philly if they go, it doesn't make a lot of sense because of who we've invested in and nailing the McCain pick last year to throw another small player in like this. But yeah, But I'm not, I'm not letting McCain change who the right player is for my third pick.


I like McCain. I don't Yeah, I I really, he was so good to see that. I know I really like him but it like, okay, so we, like Indiana has multiple really good guards. Like it's not like oh we have too many good guards. Like that feels like a good problem to have for me. I feel like two and three, and I know you talked to way more people than I did this week 'cause that's the combine is it's the Super Bowl for that. I feel like two, three and four are wide open. I don't, I'm not convinced San Antonio's taking Harper a second. I'm not would say Harper. Harper feels like they think outs, they think outside the box more than anybody though. Yeah. Where they just like, Hey we like this guy. We don't care what the mock drafts say. We like this guy the most. We're taking him second.


I, well is Harper the most likely guy to go there? Probably. But I just think like if anyone's just, they're like Danny, like I don't, I would never trust Danny with a mock draft versus if he just likes somebody, he's just gonna take the guy. You know, they might, they might say, whoa, Trey Johnson, this guy, we love this guy. We're just taking him here too. I I have no idea. Yeah, I think it's a good reminder with San Antonio and the Danny thing's, right? 'cause of the Tatum year where it just was like, how could you not take faults? And I just love that Danny was like, I don't, I don't see it. You know, and you've gotta have some stones. You have to have like years of, of everybody just accepting you to go ahead and do some of that stuff. 'cause I think the mock screwed Up Durant.


I mean Durant was even bigger 'cause he didn't even have the resume at that point to fall back on and they would've taken Durant first. Yeah, right. He had, that would've been the year. Well again, that was the year they ended up winning the title. But the reason they were able to do everything they did is because they didn't win the lottery or didn't get one of the two first two picks. So the funny thing is, is that all of that probably would've been delayed and maybe they don't do the Ray Allen, well they wouldn't have done the Ray Allen deal because that was the Jeff Green pick and then maybe the, you know, likely means they're not giving no them Falling to five led to the title. Yeah, you're right, you're right. So I would say other teams though certainly think it's Harper two. So maybe you're right about San Antonio thinking outside of the box, I'd say consensus is Harper's two in this draft.


But I like the Herb Jones thing. I know when the, you put these trades together and we sit here and we were like, all right. And then we just end up talking about it for five minutes and we're like, yeah, that's not gonna happen. Or that doesn't make any sense. Philly probably doesn't wanna wait on another guy. I mean if somebody's special and they do all the evaluation, it's like, hey, this is still the best value. We'll sit there at three. But Herb Jones healthy again gives you stuff that very few wing defenders gives you. There's one word trade back for them. Brooklyn is at, they're at eight with the Cam Johnson pick with Cam Johnson an eight. And that might be too much to flip with Philly, but if I'm Brooklyn and I can get in the top three, I'm trying to do it, you know, and that's the other one.


I just feel like Philly with the talk about Windows, I don't know what their, their window with Mbbi might already be shattered and there might be wooden glass everywhere, but they don't have time to wait on some 19-year-old kid with Mbbi. I don't think so they're, they're basically and George who's gonna be 35 years old, but thank God is podcasting again, they need to move fast on turning this pick into people who can help them next year if they're actually trying to contend plus the East, like we talked about earlier with Giannis leaving the east potentially in Tatum being out like the Windows now. So you know, they get Cam Johnson and the eight for the three. I would do it unless I felt like one of those guy like I'm kind of with and I haven't done all my work yet.


You're way ahead of me in the draft stuff, but I'm with you on the edgecomb like that his, the clips of Hammer unbelievable. It's like everything you want in the NBA now is a guy who can, is that athletic and can go to the basket like that. So I, I would've a hard time not taking him. And that may be what they're stuck with, but I think your approach and your strategy if you are going back into it and be like, all right, the whole thing this off season is health. Be ready to go limit the minutes for these guys. See Whaddya Do have in what feels like a more open east with the Tatum injury with Milwaukee likely kind of stuck a little bit. Maybe the Knicks and the Pacers are the favors to win the East going into next year because everybody's gonna be so pissed off about Cleveland.


Although the odds are they're gonna be the odds on favorite at least to be the one seat in the east if everything stays status quo. But we know that's not going to happen. But even if they want to do all those things, I mean if you start looking at going, okay, is this a veteran that actually helps us or is it just a veteran? Right? Like you know, I don't know if John Collins like, yeah this makes sense. Same timeline. Speaking of John Collins, we gotta take one more break for the podcast. We'll keep going on YouTube.


This episode is brought to you by Better Help. There's still a lot of stigma around mental health. Let's change that. This mental Health Awareness month. Let's encourage everyone to get support when they need it. And if you're not sure where to find that support, check out Better help with a network of over 30,000 licensed therapists, they can help you find the right fit. We're all better with help. Visit better help.com/ Bill Simmons to get 10% off your first month. That's better help HE p.com/ Bill Simmons.


This episode is brought to you by Ultra Running. Every pair of Ultra Shoes has a roomy toe box and zero to load drop, which lets your toes spread and keeps your foot in a more natural position. All in the name of comfort and performance with a variety of styles. There's a shoe for everyone. It's comfort. You have to feel to believe. Try Ultra for yourself with a free 30 day try on free shipping at ultra running do com.


John Collins was in one of my get the Celtics under the second apron trades. Yeah. Weren't expecting that. Were you Pingus for John Collins Just saves the Celtics 4.1 million and Utah thought they were getting Pingus a couple years ago and then he had a chance to go to Boston and he did that instead. So they've always liked them. It's interesting, there's 4 million Hauser to Detroit just trading 'em there. That would save another 10 holiday to Memphis for Char and Pippin. They're not gonna give you Pippin. I think Pippin's good.


Alright. I was trying to steal 'em holiday to Memphis for Char. Maybe in that. Maybe it's just, maybe that's the trade. How Long would you wait after they said no to KR Pippin before you called back and asked for just Char you'd To give it a few days, right? I call second time for Pippin. No, I'd keep, I keep trying for Pippin first. I love Pippin to Detroit for fio I thought was the most interesting because that actually makes sense to me for Detroit. That's the exact type of guy they need for the team. They have with Ivy coming back in that Shroder spot with all the other stuff they're probably gonna wanna do in the East. And the fact that they're not gonna be able to sign a free agent.


And I don't know, maybe that's one too that would save the Celtics 24 million. I feel bad trying to trade Drew Holiday 'cause I love Drew Holiday, but if the assignment is you have to shave 20 million, he's the most logical candidate unfortunately. But If you're Detroit, I mean they're gonna see the same thing that we've been talking about here being like how much does it cost In all that last year, three Years from now, 37 million at that point, Cade's making his massive contract, which is the highest version of it because of the escalator. You've gotta at that point figure out what you're paying Ivy Duren and true sar. So that's, that feels like one of those deals. And now maybe they go, hey, by that point to Bias is expiring, which I would imagine, Yeah, Holland, I'm assume that they think Holland's gonna grab some of those minutes.


The thing with Memphis is just, I think some of these smaller market teams do not lure free agents as we've seen for It lasts four decades and the best way for them to add an impact veteran is to trade for one that's under contract and that's a possibility for them. But anyway, it's a, it's a tall task. Can I give you my list of, we should have won the title Celtics seasons My top four Do you think? Do you think 25 is on the list? I'm just giving you a top four. You think 25 made the list? No, because you're gonna put nine and 10 in there. So I don't think 25 is on the list.


It's not on the list. And I'll tell you this. Game four was they lost before Tatum went down. They were down nine or I guess Tatum went down as the steel layup. They were down three one in the series. And let's say Tatum never gets hurt. I still don't know if they, I don't think they win three in a row without Pingus. Do you? I think they could have won three in a row without Pingus or, or the Ghost of Pingus or Zombie Pingus, whatever version of Ingas that was. He was Terrible. I mean I know he's Doing this thing so lot to ask man. I don't think they could have done it. They blew the series in those first two games is where I've kind of landed on a Sunday after the series Game one.


Fine. I can't believe they did it again. And Game two and Tatum going down to say, well that, that game was, we'd already seen it two other times. Yeah. So sure they're like, there's randomness of the OKC Denver stuff where OKC looked like a terrible team in the fourth quarter a couple times. Yes. Denver looked like a terrible team there in the fourth quarter when Tatum went down. If you're a Celtics fan, you cannot use that injury as an excuse for the outcome of that game. I mean, sure you can hit me, you can with, you don't know what's gonna happen with three minutes left and this team, okay fine. Sure it didn't feel that fucking way man. It it like that felt like in that span when they got down to them it's like oh my god, they're actually going to lose this series.


And then the Tatum part is just the bad news on top of everything else. So I think we're on the same page with that one. The second half of game four for the Knicks and Game six for the Knicks is the best I've felt about them as a team all year. I was really impressed. And The Mitchell Robinson stuff man. Yeah, Just the 15 minutes, him and McBride. Can I defend The Knicks that possession on Jalen in the corner when he defended everybody? Oh God, yeah that was great. I gotta defend the Knicks fans for a second because they took some shit for the over celebrating, getting that around too. I was fine with it. I mean that team hasn't had anything good happen to them in 25 years other than Insanity and beating like the ghost of the Celtics in 2013.


Like they should have celebrated like that. It's a Friday night. It reminded me a little that the, when the Celtics had that comeback Nets win and then nothing good had happened with the Celtics for nine years and everybody just went out in the streets and got drunk in Boston. Same thing. It's like they deserved it. That that team, all those fans have been through so much shit and so many bad stupid management things and owner things and so much bad luck and bad lottery luck. Like I I, I would've expected them to celebrate that way. And if they make it two more rounds, I don't even, Ima I can't even imagine what that's gonna be like. But I, both of us know a ton of Knicks fans. I was happy for a lot of people even though it was at the expense of my team.


Is that true? I thought, I thought it was a pretty cool story. Is any of this true or is this just Like No, it is. I feel the Knicks, you know, there's some Red Sox parallels. I see it. I feel it like with the, you know, they haven't won in 52 years. It's like you're talking entire generations of people talking. People like Coopman's son who's like in his late, mid, late twenties now. He's never even seen them win a game like that. So I don't know, I, I was, I was feeling for them positively. I loved watching him play last year. I know I've mentioned that Philly Knicks series for an early round series last year. Year it was like one of my favorite series of It lasts few years and the intensity of it all and clearly like brunson's more comfortable, which doesn't make any sense considering the Celtics team and everything they've gone through, but he's more comfortable in those moments than anybody on the Celtics and that was gonna keep happening.


That's a great point. And I know how I felt like I could do a much bigger, you know, one of my favorite things about the combine is just like what the dudes who do this every single day think about this sport where it's going. Yeah. And you know, are we now away from like we just accepted small balls? Like well it makes a lot of sense. Like why would you want some big plotting guy out there who's not as skilled? Put your five best skilled players like what took us so long to get to this point and now we're seeing in a real way pretty quickly the teams are going, you know what I really like is controlling the glass and having a Second room. You, it's fun rebounds. It also helps that some of these big guys can both Yeah. Stretch the floor offensively, which you know, maybe a Reason you's a shot and then get it back and then take another shot and then that one goes in.


No, but I started thinking about, and you know, look, I don't love doing this the week Tatum blows out his Achilles, but it was another thought that I had where, you know, I remember I've talked about the usage rate stuff of like if you look at the history of like the highest usage rate seasons and how, and I haven't updated the numbers recently, but more often than not those teams didn't do very well in the playoffs. Now the counter to that can immediately be the reason the guy's high usage is that high is 'cause the rest of the team isn't that good And that means well that's why those, those teams didn't do anything. I think both things can actually be true. I think if you do something in the regular season where it's always in one guy's hands over and over and over again, like I think there's probably a Donovan Mitchell conversation about that that he defaults back to the Utah jazz version of him where it's so dynamic.


Yeah. And when he's rolling he looks like one of the five best options of the ball in his hands. The closest nobody Else is doing anything but Then no. Right then nobody else is doing anything. Guys are boxing out as hard 'cause they're sitting there watching, they're not playing defense as hard 'cause they're like, this guy's gonna take 30 something shots again. And you know, for the most part I, I really liked Donovan Mitchell 'cause when it's right it's probably one of the most fun things to watch in the NBA. So if you allow me to take my time here and making the point, you know I was talking with just different people just bullshitting about the game and I was like, this isn't even about Tatum so much as like when you see it going bad for the Celtics and everybody knows it. I mean it's unbelievable.


It's like there's a warning sign or a reader Eight years of watching it. Like you kind of know the signs. It's like you know, being in a marriage or something where you're like, oh my wife seems pissed right now. Yeah It's like a ma or Dinner like this like Four minutes to go interrupts the broadcast and goes and here's the point where they're going to hunt for switches and then settle for bad threes and it's gonna be a lot of isolation. So they're Gonna walk the ball up Right and start the offense. Eight seconds left in the shot clock. Are we in a parallel of, of this small ball to now the too big and I I'm gonna say it one more time. Also known as Center Power Forward, which is pretty accept for a long time.


Yeah it was working. Have we gone so far away from the traditional point guard who may not even, he may just be extinct now. I don't even know if there, there may be a couple of zoo in China. That's why Mike Conley's still working. That's why Chris Paul can still get 30 minutes a game. There's no, I kept thinking about like Gary Peyton in some of these games where you can see the best player, you know whether it's a Mitchell or whether it's a Tatum or some of these other dudes that are like MVP caliber players that are just like, hey this is kind of what we do. Like I'm the best player. The math says that I have to have the ball. Yeah the math says I have to take the shot but that means that it's kind of pretty predictable like what I'm going to do.


So the defense is more prayer prepped for it, they can help off a little bit more 'cause it's just not likely that we want like any of these other three guys even shooting. I wonder if Gary Peyton watches some of this stuff and goes, hey, after three of these in a row let's do something different. I'm gonna take the ball, I'm gonna tell everybody what to do and I'm going to get us a good look. Because the way I'm programmed to play this game is to figure out the best possession for us and not necessarily saying, hey an open three in this spot gives us this many points per we're shot points per possession. So it's not even like an anti. So you're saying like a Steve Nash, Jason kid, any of those old school point guards that we grew up with, I don't think a Chris Paul or any of the guys you just named would let that many possessions go as bad as we've seen with the high usage.


And we're talking about some of the best players in the sport. Players that have had huge accomplishments. A few of these guys that have won rings. But to see So Wouldn't you put Halliburton in this though? Because I think I really like some of the decisions he made in those first two rounds. He's a real pointer. Great call. I think it's a great the way he collapses a defense because of his handle and because of his size. And you can see and then he's keeping like almost yoic ish. He keeps all of these passing lane options open. Like he's not just throwing to a corner. He's not just hitting the roll man. He's thinking like, okay I have a few different things as soon as I can get into the defense and get them to collapse, I'm gonna find a couple. But you're just talking half court. The other thing is he's getting fast break transition stuff too.


That's different. You're right. But but that's the bonus of, that's the stuff you don't get with Tatum and the Celtics. 'cause he's not wired to be like rebound. I'm gonna try to create a, you know even like Yoic is wired that way. But I I see what you're saying though with this stuff. Yeah we are like combo guard the tweener thing. Like it used to be bad. Well he is kind of a combo. He is not really a one or he is not really a two Now it's mandatory that you are the one but you're really, all of these ones play as twos. Yeah. And have has the game in those huge playoff moments. Have we lost that part of the game? Those guys that had that talent to go, it doesn't guarantee anything but hey we just did this three times.


Let's do something different. Right. It sounds simple but I think the game is missing that a little bit because Whaddya Do Look the draft, you look on that too. Yeah. But Because that, that got really stale in the Dallas Boston series specifically. You're talking about the, the bad part of it where it's predictably the same thing over and over again. Yeah. Just Over and over again. Same. I see what you're saying. I think there's One other piece maybe we should appreciate LeBron more. No, I think there's one other piece that you're, you're, you're not factoring in that I think is important. 'cause you're talking about how more bigs, we also have more bigs now that can play this style.


And I think that took like 12 years to shift. Totally. Right. Because remember like those 2012, 13 bigs, I always think we talked about Brandon Bass and the 2012 Eastern conference finals, like this type of forward that just no longer exists or Big Baby Davis or like the PJ Brown, those guys are all gone and now it's turned into this new version of those guys where it's like Mitchell Robinson is almost the throwback center. He totally a guy that's, it's not almost he Well but he's, But you can, you can Well You know what I well I would give you this though because what this game asked bigs to do now defensively that's what I mean is insane.


Is insane. And so maybe Those But he's guarding. Yeah he's guarding Derek white 25 feet from the basket. That wasn't happening in 2012. So it's like you, even if you're big, you're accumulating these new skills that I don't think the guys from the previous generation had combined with. You have like these Chet Holmgren types that are this new version of a center where it's like they're 25 feet from the basket, they're spacing. So I just think we have better talent to play, you know, these ways to play the double big than maybe we did when it was Z zech. What was his name? PII Macedonia. I just had a, A guy he was driving me in Chicago.


He is from Macedonia. He told me the NBA was fixed. It was a long hour. Wow. I know they could fix the pig bump bus. I think the whole discussion is Al Horford. If you just look at his basketball reference that is, that is the roadmap. That is the IMDB of how basketball changed where he is zero free throw zero threes a game to like one to all of a sudden he is at like five and now when you look he is like no free throws and threes. And this was a guy who used to, you know, post up and play near the basket and now he doesn't. But he always should have been 'cause he was pretty good with the ball in his hands. I always felt, and I know I interviewed him and I asked about this, I go, you're gonna spend your entire career out of position 'cause you end up having to play center and you should have been a power forward.


Yeah. Who had the ball a little bit more. And of course it's Al Horford so he's like yeah, you know, whatever. Not Griffin's another one. But near the end of his career was became more of a three point shooter. Yeah. But if he came into the league being a three point shooter combined with all the other stuff he had, it's pretty interesting. So that was Whaddya Do guys were, that was one of the combine discussions of is the, the way people are playing basketball is something broken? Is it fixable? Like, because that's, it's just a Lot of philosophical stuff that I think is really great. Especially when you're talking to the guys that think about the game, right. Every single day of their lives. All they are like they're think and it doesn't mean everybody agrees.


It's not like I came back from the combine like 10 teams said the exact same thing about the way they see the game. But there is, I I'd say there is a, a sentiment from a few of the guys that I talked to that were like, there's just a lot of this stuff that gets really repetitive and really predictable at the ends of these games. And it feels like almost the default setting for all those teams. They're like look at OKC to bring it full circle. They had to figure out the second thing because the SGA take you from the top high ball screen. Yeah. And then now you're chasing him and he's pulling up from every single angle full speed to straight up in the air. Or he is working you for three free throws.


Like OKC could not go to that as consistent as they wanted to or as they had throughout the regular season. 'cause Denver was prioritizing just clog all this stuff up at the top. And you know, it almost makes me think the Celtics would've just kept running that. Right? Well 'cause it was, the math was on their side and then they won the title lasts day, which makes you think you're invincible. But they Sure, I mean the the, I mean It lasts minute of game One was an atrocity, the shots they got and then the fact that they repeated it in game two, you know is even worse. It's interesting with Minnesota, 'cause Minnesota is a hybrid of both of these worlds. Right? Where you're Whaddya you're talking about is basically the ant issue where it's when they're at their worst, it's him trying to do the same thing over and over again and teams like threatening to send a second guy, not him getting frustrated.


That's usually when they unravel. But then they added this Randall piece and now they have these two different versions on offense that they can kind of attack you with. It was notable in those Laker games. Like at some point you're realizing Randall's just not having a good game. Like he's attacking them and they can't match up with it. And I felt the same way in Golden State. We'll see with OKC. So you, you think you have OKC in this next series? I picked him this summer. I'm picking him again. I'm again surprised the odds are that in their favor. But maybe it's because I thought the Thunder were gonna dispose of Denver a little bit earlier. Well I did.


There was a lot of, lot of pride Championship, DNA and that one game where Gordon hit the game. Winning three was a pretty lucky win. Right? Even though it was a great win for Denver, it was still pretty fluky I guess then winning three was an achievement. I think Clippers are probably saying the same thing. Definitely. Yeah. If I was gonna bet, if I was gonna bet the finals, I, I, I still think KC is gonna win the title, but I would probably do the, I would probably do the SGA to win the finals. MVPI think is the best value. Although it's basically the same as okc OKCs minus 180 5. The K Knicks are plus four 90, Minnesota's six to one and Indiana is eight to one.


And this is the, I guess we can hit the finish line with this. I picked the Knicks to kill that Detroit. I thought they were gonna win in less than six. It took a little longer. I thought the Celtics were gonna kill the Knicks in round two. They didn't. I like Indiana and against the Knicks in the series, I think Indiana's gonna win the series as a bet. Like the Pacers are plus 1 26 and the K Knicks are minus 1 48. I think that should be a 50 50. So I think you're getting more value with the Pacers at plus 1 26 because I honestly, I think the Pacers have a slightly better team. They're deeper. I think this is a good matchup for them. And I, I continue to really believe in them.


I think they're really good. So for me, I would take the plus 1 26 if I was betting on this. That line's moved a little. It was plus one 40. It's dropped Whaddya. Do Whaddya Do have you think the Knicks or the Pacers, This is a coin toss. I'm taking the Pacers. You know, there's not really much. I mean their, their first three games were October, November, and February. Right. And the Pacers are a better defensive team than they were. And you know, here were two teams I thought had a lot of similarities in that. Man I like 'em and I, I like their top level scoring, but are they, you know, are you really weak at point guard defensively and then you're really weak at the rim defensively.


So I felt like they were kind of emulated each other. Even though the Pacers we've mentioned numerous times, big reason why this has happened and this turnaround is that they're able to get stops now in ways that you just didn't expect. Right. But you, we always knew they were gonna score. It was like that team is not going to get a high, they're not gonna get multiple high level stops and they need to get them. So now when I look at these two things, I mean I can understand the Knicks side of this in the argument and I would throw in a little thing about the Knicks fans though everything you said totally fine. And look, this is kind of what this is now. Get a bunch of dudes together, do crazy shit. Film it. I mean we've got this generation throwing stuff at strangers in Target and posting it. So like this is not new and it isn't any different than anybody who is young. At some point when it's like, would I do this by myself?


Nope. Would I do it with there were 50 of us. Yep. Probably would. But leave Brian Windhorst the fuck alone. Okay, leave Win alone. Chuck D again a legend. We don't need him Tweeting Wind worst, which may be his worst bar of all time. I mean Chuck D is like unimpeachable for just a million reasons and how awesome he was. But maybe he was, you know, look, he's a Knicks fan. The Knicks fans got so upset at Windhorse and it's like, dude, I don't understand that. It'd be tough. People are just here to give, we're here to give our opinions on what we're watching. Right. And here's the thing, win Horse Windhorse is like of all the good guys out there, leave Windhorse alone.


Okay. I have vote for leaving a lot of people alone. But yeah, though that, that was unfortunate. I agree with you. I'm glad you said that. I, I have one thing to say 'cause I was too positive about the Knicks. So I'm just gonna put sports hate my sports hate. This is an actual hate. I really grew to hate Carl Anthony Towns by the end of that series, I wasn't a huge fan to begin with. I'm just talking. Oh My God, I'm not, I'm I'm just talking sports hate irrational, I'm a Celtics fan. Just you end up not liking certain people on the other team. By the end of game six, I was, I was just like, oh my God, I can't wait for some team to expose him.


He just drove me fucking crazy. Especially when they go up 1520 and then he starts like, you know, punishing Al Horford. I was like, Ugh. He drives me crazy. I hated rooting against him. Well, you get to do it again. Well, I haven't decided what I'm betting, but I'm leaning toward Pacers. But to me this is a NOL lose series because it's gonna be super fun either way. I really like watching Indiana. I think they've been a revelation and teams, people just continue to underrate them for some reason, which I don't really understand now, the Cleveland thing, it's like, oh, the Mobley and Garland and they, they, they, I thought they broke Cleveland by the, by game five.


I really did. I thought, I thought Cleveland like melted The fact that they got down that big on the road and you're thinking, most teams go whatever, like, all right, they're all hyped. Yeah. They go to the th we're going home. We still have two more chances. And then they come back and then they just close it the way, the way they close that game. That is one of the most impressive things any team has done in any game during this postseason. Yeah. And it was the whole Cavs team too. I also think they have the right level of feistiness that you actually need an MSG, which I'm not positive the Celtics had at certain points in that Knick series.


There was a couple points where Jalen Brown stood up to Josh Harts that. But I think the Knicks, they're, you got, you got niece team, agro Team, you got Mathre. Yeah, Turner mixes it up with you. Howard Kn shit like they'll mhar. I'm Just telling K Knicks fans right now, be prepared for M Hart to drive into og. Maybe it'll be Josh Hart, it'll be one of the perimeter guys. It'll be McHale, OG or Hart where you're gonna think that Knicks player after that collision who will get called for the foul and Mhar will get the N one. But Mhar it is like a crash test. Dummy level of impact could be organ damage. So if a guy is out just internal organ damage game four questionable or whatever, there's gonna be a Mhar collision where he gets going where you're, you know, again, I, I just think most people just kind of watch their team.


The number of games where I've watched Mhar do that, where I'm like, and then he gets the call and you know, look, there's gonna be, there's gonna be a really rough Brunson night in there for Pacers fans where you're gonna go, this is happening all the time. Like, Yeah, Yeah. It's, it's, and Well the other thing they do is the 94 feet of just putting wear and tear on him, just bringing the ball up, which I continue to think is underrated. And the Pacers love doing that. They did it to McConnell. They love it. They wanna just wear you down. They wanna put miles on you during the game. Dumb miles. That don't matter in the big scheme of things. But that's, that's how they're wired. They come, come, come, come. I think they're really good. And that there's a moment here for either Brunson or Halliburton, right?


Brunson, if they make the finals, you're moving into this completely different territory in the city and he, he might already be there, but you, you bring that team to the finals with some of the late game stuff that he is did and just how like likable and fucking awesome of a guy that he is just making the finals. You could dine off that for the next 50 years. Much less winning. I mean now they have a real chance to win. But Halliburton who I didn't even vote for, for all NBA who was in that overrated poll. He was, I think that's guy won. Can't stand him though. Yeah. And he's, he's been a pretty polarizing guy. Didn't play in the dream team, all that stuff. And I think he's been awesome in these playoffs.


I've been really impressed and he has a chance, you know, to really put himself on the map here. 'cause he is the best guy on that team. So there's big stakes there. The stakes in the other, in the other battle is easier because if Minnesota beats OKC, now we're moving toward this. Edwards might be actually ready. That's like, I'm not ready to, we'll talk about that in a week. But like Edward's going through this gauntlet and all the fucking dudes OKC has that they'll be able to throw at him for seven games if he gets through that. This is like, we might be ready to have the combo. Like is it time? Because the other side of the Knicks thing first, and you're right about everything you said is I just keep thinking of Miles Turner and then the Thomas Bryant minutes where Carlisle must just be like, oh I can't believe it.


Can't believe this is, this is what I've gotta do. And it's like, okay, if the K Knicks frontline beat up on the Celtics frontline, you know, 'cause Pingus the whatever point. And I knew what Missoula, it seemed like Missoula was hoping like can this just wake up? Right? Can it wake up at some point? Yeah, it never happened. They bet him in that second half of that game 'cause they said he couldn't breathe. But I mean he just, he was that bad. But you still had Cornet. You still had Horford out there battling like maybe the Knicks, maybe this becomes more of a cat thing. Like see Kat was actually like, look, he didn't hit any threes. He was like really getting game six. The on the glass stuff. Yeah. And the put backs and just being big and being physical and being quicker to the ball and all that kind of stuff.


Like, I don't know why that would get worse against the Pacers. If anything it should get better. I mean Mitchell's just gonna be a cleanup guy. It's not like they're gonna give him touches and actually like run something with him there. But I Mean it's gonna be a real problem for them too because I, he's turned into one of the best defensive guys in the league. And I think one of the problems with the Celtics in that last series is Holiday didn't do a good enough job on Brunson. Brunson was cooking didn't Derrick White was bad too against him. And then that's why Jalen ended up having to play him. And then, And Tatum was covering him too before he got hurt. Like they were using their forwards to guard Brunson. Indiana has way more options. He Was, Brunson was looking for Horford. I thought Horford held up really well but then when it was the Pinga stuff it was just a disaster.


Yeah, but look, Nesmith, we'll see what happens here because there's part of the Yoic conversation where it does get really annoying with Yoku too. As much as we all love him. Like when he pins the defender's arms into his arms and then screams the calms up and you're like, dude, you are doing all of this right now. But then there's other plays too because he's so big where he's just getting swiped at the entire time. It's like okay, but they're not gonna call all these fouls. So if you have Caruso, if you have Jalen Williams, if you have the two bigs, if you have the other Jalen Williams, you're talking about like 30 fouls you can throw at this guy. And if they get to the bonus quicker, no problem. Like we'd still rather them get to the bonus and try to just physically attack this guy the entire time.


It'll be very interesting to see what the fouls are like on Knee Smith in the first quarter against Brunson. Because Knee Smith should foul out of every game he's in. He's Just not. Yeah, but you could have said that Caruso and Dorton, he, that's the thing. It feels like if you can establish it in the first quarter then you can get away with it. But the smaller guy gets the calls more. I mean Brunson is drawn. Yeah, that's a good point. Not free throws. Brunson is drawing the second most free throws of any player. It lasts time. I looked at it and then I think during the regular season, Giannis was the only player that drew more free throws. Excuse me, drew more personal fouls. 'cause that's another thing that happens with this Brunson debate. It's like, oh well look at his free throw. All these different things. Like dude, he's number two in the NBA.


I'll look it up right now just to make sure I don't get this wrong. 'cause obviously it's gonna piss piss everybody off. No, he's, He's, I thought he was top three Ist he per game. I think he was second to only Giannis right now look, somebody has to be number one, number two, number three. But I'm gonna, I'm gonna look it up just 'cause I don't, I don't want to get this wrong and I, I'm almost positive I had it right. Alright, so he's drawing seven and a half fouls per game during the playoffs. Jesus in the regular season felt, it felt higher. Felt like some 13, some of them were overturned. Yeah. So like you know, Giannis was number one at seven and a half during the regular season.


Brunson was number two. That's crazy. Well if you're the Knicks, this couldn't have broke better. You get rid of Boston, you have Mitchell Robinson healthy, which I would've, I would've put the odds at like five to one In and OG October sort of OGs at least out there and and you look the best you've ever looked all season in game six. So Those bridges, those bridges makes in the start of the fourth quarter. Yeah, in game two. The other game, like those non Brunson minutes that start the fourth quarter letting Bridges cook. Man, it's one of my favorite things about this. 'cause he has that in his game we were calling for, For half the season. Well the other thing is everyone on the team is the hungriest you can possibly be, which was reminiscent of the Celtics last year right there.


There's a hunger level with them. Not that everybody else doesn't have it, but it's, these are all of these guys that are really interesting points of their career that have this whole city behind them in this crazy way. It's gonna be a tall task for Indiana. I think Indiana's slightly better than them. I don't think that's gonna mean it's gonna win that they're gonna win the series, but I think Indiana's really good. We'll see those threes when you're down three, two in a series and you, you know, they're home in Indiana in game six and they need, they need to hit some shots and you miss a couple and it ends up being like that Denver game where you're down 15 and you start doing the math like, oh God, we gotta get going. And the sphincter start tightening flip side will be the Knicks. But anyway, good.


Final four, I think this is, it's weird, it's unconventional, but the, I like both of the matchups, so we'll see what happens. I didn't finish my list for you before we go my, my four, my four titles, my shoulda won titles number 1 19 58 know Bill Russell, sprained Ankle, Bob Petit, Right. Number two, Bob Petit, number two, 2009 KG number 3 19 82 Tiny Archibald Shoulder. I still think we win. When I talked to Tibs about the 2009 team, I was in a room with him. Yeah. And we started talking about 2009, I think it moved.


Really? He was that excited. Number 4, 19 73 have APR Shoulder, separated Shoulder and Knicks series. The three we shouldn't have won 19 69, 19 76, 19 81. So we're plus one, but I wouldn't put 25 I I thought, thought this team had a chance, but you know, I'm Not gonna look, that's the other thing though, 40 years from now and be like, oh we should have won that year. Like the team, the Bazinga thing was super weird. I don't think the Knicks fan base would've celebrated the same way if it wasn't the Boston New York thing and the fact that like there was all of these matchup things that I thought were gonna be a problem for New York.


And even if they were, because it's the times when the Celtics had to lead. You're going, alright, this makes sense. This is what it was supposed to look like. And it's like, oh, okay. Brunson is so fired up in this spot and you guys are not so Il, good to see you. We'll be back next Sunday. You have your podcast Tuesday and Thursday. I look forward to talking more basketball with you. Thanks. Yeah, let's talk hoops. Alright, that's it for the podcast. Thanks to AU and Eduardo. As always, thanks to Illa. I am gonna be back I think on Tuesday and probably on Thursday as well. And I'm gonna be on the re watchable on Monday doing close encounters of the third kind.


And I will see you Monday and Tuesday. Must be 21 plus in President select states for Kansas and affiliation with Kansas Star Casino or 18 plus in president dc. Gambling problem, call 100 GAMBLER. Visit rg help.com. Call 1 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org/chat in Connecticut. Or visit md gambling help.org in Maryland. Hope is here.


Visit gambling helpline ma.org or call 803 2 7 50 50 for twenty four seven. Support Massachusetts. Or call 1 8 7 7 8 Hope NY or Text HOPE NY in New York.


This episode is brought to you by MICHELOB ULTRA. Whaddya. Do I look forward to every NBA playoff season? Well, I'm always hoping the Celtics do well. I'm always hoping we have great storylines, great games, great matchups, great games sevens. I just hope for good basketball. But the NBA playoffs, they're even better with Michelob Belcher, the official beer partner of the nba. Plus they're getting fans closer to the game with a chance to win courtside tickets and more. Enter now at michelob bocher.com/courtside. Michelob belcher's peer access Courtside 2024 to 25 sweepstakes, no purchase necessary. Open to US residents. 21 or older ends on July 1st, 2025, multiple entry periods. Visit mic low belcher.com/superior access slash courtside for free. Entry. Entry. Deadlines and official rules, message and data rates may apply void. Where prohibited.


This episode is brought to you by LinkedIn. Every basketball team that's still alive in the playoffs has one thing in common. Their key trades and signings throughout the season paid off giving each team the talent needed to make a run at the championship. With a small business, your success directly depends on the new talent you add to your team. And a great place to find that talent is linked in. They know hiring is a big deal for small businesses, not only because small businesses are wearing so many hats, but also because every hire is crucial for a growing company. That's why LinkedIn pairs you with the best candidates using data. Data you won't find anywhere else from unique skills and interests to the connections you have in common. LinkedIn also lets you go beyond candidates who are actively applying in a given week. 171 million LinkedIn members aren't actively seeking jobs, but they are open to new opportunities. That's a big pool to miss out on. So find your next grid. Hire on LinkedIn. Post your job for free at LinkedIn dot com slash simmons. That's LinkedIn dot com slash simmons to post your job for free terms and conditions apply.