
Coming up NBA cup, NBA, and a lot of NFL Next.


This episode is brought to you by Michelob ULTRA. It's tip off time for NBA Cup. So I hope you're already in stocked up on Michelob ULTRA. Notice how I called it NBA cup and not the NBA cup. Trying to get that going. We'll see how it goes. I really left how they're getting fans Closer to all the action. With Michelob ULTRA Courtside, it has exclusive content and prizes like Courtside seats. A trip to the Paris Global game or to All Star Weekend and much more. Learn how you can get closer to the action. Visit Michelob ULTRA dot com slash courtside Michelob ULTRA superior access Courtside 24 25 sweepstakes, no purchase necessary. Open to US residence 21 plus begins on 10. 1 24 goes through 7 1 25. Visit michelob bocher.com/courtside for free. Entry. Entry. Deadlines and official rules and void we're prohibited.


We're also brought to by The Ringer Podcast Network where I Put up a new re watchable on Monday night. We did Disclosure, which is now one of the strangest movies of the 1990s. It's now kind of a comedy, as weird as that sounds me, van Lathan, big W. We broke it all down down and you can watch it as well on the Ringer Movies YouTube channel. Speaking of YouTube channels, we launched our Ringer TV channel that has the Prestige TV podcast, the watch. We're gonna do some, some fun shorter videos on there and a lot of the archives we have from the TV episodes we've done. So go check that out and subscribe. We're gonna be experimenting a lot more with video podcasts on all the Spotify feeds too for Prestige and for the watch and for my podcast and for the re watchable.


So stay tuned. If you like listening to podcasts on Spotify, you'll be able to watch the videos as well as we keep going. Heading to the end of 2024 into 2025 coming up, we waited for these two NBA Cup games to end on Tuesday night because especially OKC Dallas had to see what was going on there. Wanted to break it down so I reserved almost like you could reserve an Uber black car or something. I reserved Dave Jacoby and Kirk Goldsberry to be on call after the NBA cup. So they're gonna join me. And then Craig Beck and Kyle Brant and I, Kyle and I did a re watchable that rerecorded for later this month and then I made him stick around yesterday and me and Craig and Kyle just talked about NFL And it went a whole bunch of directions.


I had a great time. So this is a three man podcast all the way through with two different three man teams. It's all next first. Our friends from pro. All right, we're taping this. It is almost nine o'clock Pacific time. Dave Jacobi stayed up late on the East Coast. Kirk Goldsberry sloppy seconds. We're getting you today because you were doing some alt casting. Hopefully you have enough energy momentum back guys, I'm gonna start here.


OKC beats Dallas Jacoby. Is OKC like a borderline lock for you in the west or is there somebody else you're afraid of? Because the more I watch them, the more I just wonder who beats them in the west. It's the defense, it's, it's just, it's, I, it's, it's on a different level than every other team. I don't want to play against this team. You can just see the frustration on the body language of the Mavs. They can't throw basic passes without being harassed. Like you remember that like lively rebound he got and the Carr just knocked it outta bounds just like what do, it's just annoying. Yeah, they're just swarming wasps And it's so frustrating because I was rooting for Thes that wanted to close game and it's just impossible to do anything against them.


It's awful. What do you think Goldsberry? Yeah, they're the clear favorite now and and I know Dallas is gonna sit here and say, oh we didn't have PJ Washington and we beat 'em last year and this And it. Fine. They should be confident. But from what I'm seeing Bill their net rating, their defensive rating like Jacoby just said and then the eye test. Oh my god. Yeah. Luca threw a lob, I think it was to lively near the end of the game that he's thrown a hundred times. And all of a sudden there was two thunder guys and they were playing small and they intercepted it. I think they had 12 steals, 31 points off turnovers. But more importantly they just frustrate the hell outta everybody. And I feel like they're so far and away better than anything else I'm seeing in the west through the first quarter of the season that yeah, I'm gonna say they're the favorite to come outta the Western conference.


FanDuel agrees with you, but the odds for the OKC thunder in the west, I thought they'd be a minus, but they're plus one 90 in the west and I, they just seem too athletic and too fast for maybe any team except the Celtics because I think at least the Celtics, it's the perimeter guys. Like you watch Dallas and Dallas was on a good run. They'd won 11 and 12. They really felt like they were starting to turn into something and they just looked slow Tonight compared to OKC, you put Luca, you put Kyrie, you put Clay Thompson, Najee, Marshall, who's really good in the first half. Those are good players.


Those are guys. This is the top five team in the league. And OKC just seemed faster and younger and more athletic. And Luca, I don know what was going on with Luca. Jacoby, what was your take? You Know one of the things that analysts always say about Luca is like, you can't speed him up. You can't speed him up. There's a part of me who's like, Hey Luca, can you speed up? Like you know, it's like, oh you can't speed him up. He's always at his own pace. He's like, cool, cool, cool. How about you like move a little bit off the ball. Like there's a couple possessions, he was just like in the corner, like he's, he's kind of getting that James Harden off ball energy, the like, oh someone else has the ball so I'm just gonna stand here with my arms at my sides. Like straight up and down. It's like it was a, it was a frustrating Luca day.


They were doubling him early, which I think was smart because they doubled him early and kind of got the ball outta his hands and didn't let him catch a rhythm until the second half for like a brief spurt. You know what though? I still think they're the number two team in the west for me. If I had to say who can actually make the finals, I still have Dallas second. I don't think this is a great matchup for them. And I was trying to think of like the rock paper scissors thing with the west. I dunno if you guys saw the OKC Houston game, maybe it was 10 days ago. Houston I think is the team in the west that can go toe to toe on this like crazy young hungry pit bull just speed athleticism all over the place. I think that's the only way in the west.


Nobody's gonna overpower them. There's not gonna be like a, obviously not the Lakers but the LeBron ad type situation where it's just, oh my God, they just got bully balled. They got out rebounded by Tenents. I don't see that happening this year. I almost feel like you have to beat them with what they do. Is there anybody else you see Kirk Houston I think, you know, we'll see tomorrow if they can beat Golden State here in this quarter funnel. I don't see anybody else. 'cause Minnesota, I think coming in to the season bill was that other team for me and they have just been off to an awkward start. So I don't see the Randall piece really fitting in there to put them in that category. And Dallas was the hottest team in the league period before tonight. And I, I think they clearly deserved number two status.


They won the conference, they beat this team in the playoffs last year in six games. So I think until further notice it's, it's O OKC Dallas, then Houston and then actually I don Dunno, I put, so you have Houston third or just to beat OKC would just have Houston third in general, I love Houston at three and I wanna see what they do in this tournament. I know some people think it's silly but I think this is a, a catapult for them. If they beat Steph and Steve Kerr tomorrow and they get to Vegas and they play the Oklahoma City Thunder, I think it really starts to feel like they're not just a flash in the pan. I like, like OKC bill, they're defensive indicators.


Scream contender. Yeah. That they are not just like Orlando, Orlando, OKC and Houston. Three young pain in the ass defenses that nobody wants to play against and IME has, has really beat, has has really built that team up. So I would put them at three. I don't know if there's somebody, I'm forgetting the Other, the other thing, well you're forgetting Memphis because, and we have to mention fair enough that because enough, fair enough. Jacob does a podcast twice a week on the Mismatch with somebody who's like, how the fucking Kirk Goldsberry not mention Memphis for eight minutes there. What the fuck is he doing That might be intentional. I might have heard that he fast forwards the minutes that I speak on this show.


So Is that true? He did. He does the 15 second fast forward. Memphis right now is fifth offensive rating. Seventh defensive rating. The per 36 stats are crazy for them too. Like Ja who's really only playing like 28 minutes a game, but he would be 28 and 11 if you played 36. Brandon Clark looks great. So from a speed standpoint maybe, but I'd kind of like to see those guys play for 20 games. Jacoby and I, I'll tell you this, they're dining a lot off that Celtics game on Saturday where the Celtics had played five and seven. They had played Milwaukee the night before and this like heated my, my dad was saying it was like a like a third round playoff game kind of intensity.


And then the next day the Celtics have to run it back and they had no legs, they were dead and Memphis kind of steamrolled them. But I don't, I don't think they should take too much outta that Jacobs There. I don't think any of these teams are should would be a favorite in a series against the Thunder and watching the Thunder tonight, watching them just fly around and watching SGA be like a true go-to weapon on offense. The way that yeah the, some of the rockets don't have to be honest with you and then every once in a while they cut to this guy in a velo sweatsuit in the second row with a big beard who was played like, who looked like he leveled up Chet obviously I'm talking about, it's like he's coming back like they, they have, He like looks like a UFC fighter.


Like he's like this UFC middleweight hanging out outside the octagon waiting, waiting to see who he's gonna fight in the next U Ffc card. But it's Che Holmgren, he's seven foot one. Yeah, but it, it, I think that people sleep on the fact that they're doing all of this without him and a lot of, a lot of teams are missing players but he's like players. I Don dunno, second or third best player, probably the third best player. Yeah, we haven't seen their, I mean what we did get to see tonight especially was the Hartenstein piece. The, the whole, the kind of rebounding center ri protection guy that they just haven't had. Like we were talking about some of the matchups with them. One of the things that's interesting with Houston is Houston's first in the league in rebounding, they're almost averaging 50 rebounds a game.


Which I, You know what, sometimes I like the counting stats, I know the, I know the fancy kids, they love the advanced stats and Kirk's got his efficiency map and I, I, I love all that stuff too, but sometimes I like to know who gets the most rebounds every game and Houston's getting 50 a game. So to Jacoby's point, Kirk, like I do feel like they need shit and Hartenstein in a Houston series but the flip side with Houston is I still don't really know who their go-to guy is. I watch them game to game and it's like, 'cause they're, they're my favorite League Pass team and it's like yeah really we're doing the Fred Van Wheat Stepback, that's our, that's our shot with 50 seconds left. They, I don't think they know, like they'll go to Shang Goon sometimes depending on the matchup, but it's kind of like a last shot by committee team which makes me nervous in the playoffs.


Yeah, I think that's valid. And I think that we went too long not talking about what we saw from SGA tonight and I think yeah we did. He really is the differentiator in the top of the west because he is legitimately the MVP candidate over there. Right now when you look at those three teams we talked about you throw in Memphis, maybe John Morant, but SDA is on a different plane and what we saw tonight from him on both sides of the court nearly scoring 40 points and then just putting up crooked numbers, made some every Other five for nine from three, yeah, Five for nine from three. And then just sets the tone on defense too. Like he is a truly, truly impressive two-way superstar. Bill Simmons and I think no other team has that and if it does get to sort of crunch time at the end, you know that the guy who has the ball in his hands can score in an isolation situation.


By the way, he's isolating more than anybody else in the league. Yeah. And he, he Houston doesn't have that. That is fair to say. And I think that is one of the things that separates the Oklahoma City Thunder from everybody else in the west right now is that their best player can be that guy at the end of a big game like we saw tonight. He, Houston does have Dylan Brooks doing Dylan Brooks stuff. I think SGA would be the best guy in the west if yo wasn't averaging a 56.1 a game points rebounds at assist. He's in the 56 club right now. It's like him and Will Chamberlain, it's just the two of them. They're hanging out. That's it. Who do you have, Who do you have in the MVP ladder right now?


Just between those two? Just because I think It's been the greatest, the the greatest statistical season of, of our adult lifetime. I agree. But does it matter to you that OKC is emerging as a clear number one and they're sort of dropping down to maybe play in status? Does that factor into to the Professor Simmons model? Yeah, it's, it's early right? Yeah. I mean Denver hasn't won two straight games for a month. I don't know what's going on with Jabal Murray I yoic I promise you isn't like, oh cool, I scored 104 points this weekend. That's not what he's about. But I don dunno if he has a choice, I wanna see if it, you know, if it's 47, 48 wins is kind of the cutoff for me.


But if you're a six seat or a seven seat, I think it gets tough If there's some, some real candidates. I think Tatum's a candidate ISGA is absolutely a candidate. Jacob's, I think the thing that would really clinch it for SGA having an argument, maybe even becoming a favorite is if OKC just be becomes like a 65 win team, which I think is in play as hard as the West is. It seems like an accident when they lose, I'm always surprised when they lose, right? I I think 65 might be a little high, but I think they're gonna run away with the number one seed in the Western conference, which is obviously the, the Stronger conference and they're 19 and five from the record.


I try to stay away from the MVP stuff, You know what I mean, on December game 24. Yeah. Yeah. But I, what Yogi has done is, has been very impressive and what he did this weekend, as you mentioned, I'm sure he is like, I don't wanna do, I don't wanna take 39 shots in a basketball game. He's Like, that sucks. You were like that Jacob, when you were taking a lot of shots you were never happy. I know, I know you, you wanted do no looks and you wanted to do good entry passes and just play team basketball that's like yoic. Exactly. Exactly. Hey, what did he do this weekend? Lose to the Wizards? Is that what caught you off? Lost To the Wizards? Lost to the Wizards and beat the Hawks. Yeah, he scored Four Points. That's true. Killed the hawk. It's crazy.


It's crazy how how little he has around him. The what really jumped out at me about those two games was the Westbrook Yoic connection. Yes. Started like Westbrook Was just feeding him. Westbrook was like the best player on the planet is on my team. Yeah. Lemme just get him in a position to score. It was really impressive. I was, I was impressed by Westbrook this weekend. Yeah Because Murray is kind of like Yoko's basketball wife and with Westbrook now he's kind of flirting with the office, with the office assistant who just kind of moved into the office and it's like, whoa, yo just went to get coffee with Westbrook. Does Murray know about this 30 minutes that game?


The GA thing, I always say this every year, it's just crazy to me after going to some of those games when he was a rookie that this is the guy he is now. Yeah. That he's in a game with Luca where he just completely obliterates Luca and Luca's team. They have no answer for him. If I'm, if I'm Dallas Kirk, who's my guy that's gonna be guarding SGA, if I'm seeing them in round two or round three, who's my stopper for sga? You know, I think PJ Washington is a huge part of that Equation's some size. Yeah. And I don know if, if that's the correct answer, but it's not gonna be Kyrie and it's not gonna be Luca. I think we all know that. And then they have the big and you know, I think PJ would be my, my answer but dude who can guard this guy?


Nobody can guard this guy. So Dallas I think beat them last year on both sides of the ball. And I think that it was really PJ who, if you look back at the stats from that series did a lot on Both sides. Yeah. He made a lot of threes and yeah, So I think I'm har I can't talk myself into what I saw from Dallas, Pete, Oklahoma City, but I very, very, very big recency bias right now because of what we just watched. Yeah. I think if I zoomed back out seven game series. Yeah. If PJ's gonna be 20 and 10, like kind of like he was, I think it was 18 and eight in that series and shooting threes and playing great defense and they have their bigs and Luca and Kyrie obviously at the end of games they could, they could win four games against that team if everything broke their way Last year.


They were too small and they almost won the series anyway OKC And it came down to that play in the corner when SGA the the foul when he played Perfect Defense and they lucked out with that one. But they also didn't have Hartenstein last year and Chet got overpowered in that series and just, Or Caruso and Caro was great car, great Tonight A different team and they yet, they almost beat them last year. So I'm feeling great if I'm OKC the other thing and who knows, like Shams wrote this piece today about, you know, could Jimmy Butler get traded? Zach Levine, I know Jacoby has some thoughts on it. I'm like OKC to me is the perfect type of team that could make trades.


'cause they have all these movable contracts, cheap contracts, they can add stuff together. They're, they're not getting crushed by the apron. They have a million picks they could trade. I'm so confused by the trade rules and I've read everything and you, as you guys know, I'm the trade machine, Picasso, like I have to take this seriously. I am just absolutely flummoxed by these rules. And even that thing today I read where it's like, yeah Jimmy Butler, it's like I'm not sure anybody can add Jimmy Butler. I just, from what I understand about these rules, it feels like they made him too hard. Jacoby and I'm gonna be useless at the trade deadline. I don't like it. I, Zach and Jimmy Butler I don't think will be trading and I think to, to bring Jimmy Butler, you have to match the salary.


So you're giving up whatever, $40 million worth of players to bring in Jimmy Butler who wants a new contract Yeah. And has a $52 million player option that he might exercise. It just seems like, who is Jimmy Butler away from contending? And if you're the thunder, you're gonna add a player player later, Chet Holmgren, your your third best player and your second big, like if you were the thunder, why would you ever even think about picking up a phone call from Miami? Not, well You're not doing that. Golden State's, the team. I think it would be Golden State. Just I knows. Are they doing Butler away from contending? Well I think Sean's put in, he had the Texas teams. San Antonio would be super interesting for that, but I think they would have to resign him and I don't know if that's on their timetable, but Golden State I think has real urgency with, you know, I, I'm not just a body language guy, but I'm also the trade detective and I did notice this weekend, they're all of a sudden they're pushing minga, they're, they're putting in the starting lineup.


Draymond Green's like you can have my spot. When has Draymond Green ever been this magus just, there's a lot of red flags where I was like, huh, what are you guys doing? Are you almost feels like you're trying to showcase Minga for somebody? No, no. Take my spot. Draymond Green, the guy guy who punched Jordan Pool, now he's Mr. Magnanimous take my spot. I don't know. Something that feels like the team because they're on a specific window with Curry. Right. If you feel like you can contend for a title with Curry at age 36, he's already wearing down over the first five, six weeks. Butler makes sense for them. Kirk, you're nodding. Yeah, I think they've been sort of showcasing players all year. I think it helps explain why Steve Kerr's been playing 12 players a night.


Right. Is to de oh look at all these guys like you could read into it and I think they're one player short of being so You're saying they're like the farmer's market? Yeah. They're like, come on, We got pistachios, We got Kyle Flowers Over Here, organic, There's some chicken, got chicken over here, Free sample, It's a full chicken, some fruit. Yeah, farm Farm raised Kyle Anderson over here. But I, But I think then, but Jimmy Butler to Houston intrigues me too because of something you said earlier, bill, which is like, who's their guy at the end of the game? We don't have that guy. Yeah. And, and Jimmy's from Texas, you could see E May talking himself into Jimmy Butler. I'm not sold on it.


The other thing that I would say is the trade machine, Picasso is coming into hard times. This new CBA I don't like it has pretty much cut the number of teams that could make a trade into half if not more. Because so many teams are limited into what kinds of trades, the financial rules, what they can and can't send out or take back are so punitive or prohibitive that just the trade market itself has shrunk. And I think that's going to sort of limit the amount of Picasso you can do between December 15th and February. I think. I think it, I think it's gonna like really, really harm it.


But so selfishly I'm mad because I love making up fake trades and they're just going to be super unrealistic. But Jacobs, there's this flip side to it where I kind of like it where guys who are in situations, they might not love it. Like to me it's like if, if we're driving, you know, like say Jacoby, you're drive, you have your three kids in the car and you're like, we're driving all the way to to Washington DC and we're not stopping. But your kids like, dad, can we stop? Can we, can we get something? Can we stop? Stop. And they just wear you down and you eventually stop this. All these apron rules are basically like the kids are trapped in the car for the entire ride.


Now, like if you're bringing an Ingram, it's like, I'm gonna get off, can we stop? You're like can't, sorry, can't trade wants We stop until we get to uncle house's house, uncle house's house. But Everyone's trapped in the car and you kind of have to make the best of it. And this is what the NBA used to be like. You're like, hey, you're stuck on your team. Oh, it was also like the Jimmy Butler thing from Shams earlier this morning was like, oh, here are the teams that he wants to go to. I it's like cool, right? It's kind like the NFL. Like go find yourself a trade, go ahead find one. Right. Like it's like I just because you wanna to go to those teams doesn't mean there's a deal between us and those teams and to put that out publicly, it's like, it almost feels like they don't really understand the implications of the new cba.


It's not happening. That's a great point, dude. Like the, the whole trade demand ecosystem, the whole, the whole, the whole science of the trade demand from the player's perspective has to get updated too. Because you can't just say, oh, I want to trade and make me make sure it's the Phoenix or whatever. But look at Zach Levine's situation, like he's playing well for Zach Levine, like he's 22, 5 and five. I've watched a couple games where in the fourth quarter, like he is, you know, as as good as he is ever looked. And he could have checked out or been like, well I'm gonna nurse an injury until you guys trade me, but he's not gonna get traded so he might as well make the best of it. It's, it's a little reminds me of what happened in football when football, there's like never trades, right?


Nobody's like, we traded our left tackle today for somebody's starting outside linebacker. It's just everybody's kind of stuck on their team until the end of the year. And I maybe that's what basketball's becoming, which is bad for podcast content, but it's maybe better for basketball, right? I think so. And I think there's one, there's one more layer of it, which is like the, the, the Moneyball era of of pro basketball is so intense. Like we know so much about how bad bad contracts are, particularly in this new CBA that those were the contracts the teams used to be able, hey, take this guy, maybe you can deal with the contract for a year or two and win a title. Yeah, no like I was trying to think of who the best team with a terrible contract is and there aren't many and so it's like, okay, do you want this Levine deal or this deal?


The answer to that question is smaller than ever. Not to mention the point we already made. The rules to get that player in a trade are more sort of strict than ever. So yeah, I think we're in a brand new era And it is bad for podcast content. It might be Jamal Murray, like his extension hasn't even kicked in yet. Well if he's gonna look like he's looked, I mean there's some other ones like I'm sure Phoenix would be dying to trade him in five seconds. Right? But yeah, if you look at the the best three teams, the Celtics, OKC in Cleveland, none of them really have like the, oh man, I wish we didn't have this contract guy. All the contracts are pretty good.


But I also feel like it seems like people knew this era was coming and the smarter teams were very careful. Even that OKC deal for Hartenstein, they overpaid him for three years based on what his market was. But it's actually a smart deal. That's how they got him and it's not gonna kill them down the road. I'm like how Juan Soda's gonna kill the Yankees in the last five years of his deal when he is just destroying them for 60 million a year. Or the Mets? I met the Mets. Let's take a break. I have some NBA cup questions for you. Big picture, whether we actually like this or not, that's next.


The NBA season is flying in FanDuel's America's number one sports book. Once you catch all the action right now FanDuel giving everyone three months of NBA league pass I have to do to catch every tip off and buzzer beater has placed any $5 bet on the NBA you can trail me on Fridays. I've been pretty hot with these 30 on thirties we're doing on Friday with NBA 30 point scores. So stay tuned. I tweet those out on Fridays. Next time you get a hunch on who's gonna win or how many points AWO score, you can watch your picks come to life live. You can even bet the NBA Cup games on Wednesday. Just visit FanDuel dot com slash bs to get three months of NBA League pass courtesy of FanDuel. Make every moment more with FanDuel official Sportsbook partner. The BA must be 21 plus in President select states or 18 plus in president DC. After three month free trial, the full price of League Pass will be automatically charged monthly. Cancel any anytime, no refunds, terms restrictions that embargoes apply. Limit one pass per customer. See terms at sportsbook dot FanDuel dot com. Gambling problem call 1-800-GAMBLER or visit rg help.com.


This episode is brought to you by SimpliSafe. When it comes to the safety of me and my family, there's only one home security system I trust and that's SimpliSafe. I love having it in my home. Helps protect every inch of it inside and out. And if you wanna try it for yourself right now, perfect time to get it. There's an amazing Black Friday sale going on for my listeners, I'm talking 50% off here everybody also reasons to have SimpliSafe holiday season's coming. Talk about this every year on the BS pod. Guess what happens during holiday season? People start kind of casing your house a little bit on Wednesdays before Thanksgiving. Are they home? Did they go away? Oh wait, there's no cars in the driveway anymore. I'm moving in Christmas packages. Maybe they're gonna try to steal those. Well they won't if you have SimpliSafe because you're gonna be guarded against the porch pilots. SimpliSafe helps to stop crime before it happens. Professional monitoring agents that can cease speak to and deter intruders and if someone's lurking around or acting suspiciously, they can and will take action. So check out SimpliSafe today, keep your home, your family, and your peace of mind protected. And remember, a massive Black Friday sale is being extended by SimpliSafe for my listeners This week only. You can take off 50% off any new system with a select professional monitoring plan. It's your last chance to claim the best offer of the year. So don't wait. Head to SimpliSafe dot com slash bs to claim your discount and make sure your home is safe this season. Once again, SimpliSafe dot com slash bs. SimpliSafe two is SimpliSafe com slash bs. There's no safe like SimpliSafe


NBA cup does this work Jacobs, it's year two. Here's my case for maybe it doesn't work. I didn't want the Celtics to make the quarterfinals or semifinals and have to play the two extra games. I wanted the rest for them. So that tells me fundamentally maybe this doesn't a hundred percent work that I wanted my team not to make it. Okay, that's a fair point. And I totally understand that thinking. I think the cup works, but I'll address your question and I'll say this, how upset are the Mavs right now after being on the road for like a month? They're pump having everyone be sick and they're like, oh we don't have to go to Vegas and we get, what, seven days off in the middle of the year to sort of get healthy and and like I, I think the Mavs are on the plane and be like, yeah it kind of sucks.


I wish we won but I don dunno like I don't think they're like really bummed tonight. Four teams. Like we didn't get eh Yeah But it's four teams. To me it's four teams. Like the Hawks, the Rockets, right. And the thunder. Like I think that it's, it's, it's really for up and coming teams to get sort of like one in your done experience. So I don't think it's broken but I think there are certain teams like the Celtics coming off a championship, like what we get, we get to win the the Emirates Cup. Like no I'm good. I'll take the time off. What do you think Kurt? I think it's working but I think those are valid points. In fact, I talked to one Western conference executive who's like, oh I'm kind of glad we don't have to go play at Oklahoma City tonight and maybe play Houston and Vegas and like I, I think I'd much rather have the time off or these lesser opponents.


I think the league has something. I also think it's really cool that we had these two games tonight and the whole league was watching 'em and I wish we had more of that, that sort of community feel where it's not just like league pass overload where these games are meaningful in December. Like let's not forget like this time of year is really hard. I do think, and I think we talked about this last time, they should use the divisions for the groups and just bring some spice and meaning back to those Yeah. Groupings of teams. I think there's some little stuff. I'm glad we have it, but I think it is fair to say that some teams are kind of not, not disappointed they're not going to Vegas this weekend.


I know MBIs disappointed he wanted to get those two extra games in. I like the NBA cup, but I think that's the criticism. I was thinking should there be a couple other things that you win if you win beyond like just the money. Like what if you could get on Apron for the rest of the season? I don dunno why the players would care about that, but the fans I think would be like the Phoenix Suns all of a sudden be like, wait, we're outta the Lockin apron for three months. It's like a get outta jail free card for the apron. What if you guaranteed the six playoff spot? That's What I think they should do. You can't fall lower than six If you win.


Yeah, you gotta move it later in this season then because like if you're locked into six, like what are we doing? Well you could, you could think about the season a little differently. It's an advantage, right? You know, you don't have to be in the playing game, you know you're going no lower than six, you can rest guys a little differently. Like it's a real advantage for the season, I think would be the appeal. But then if you're a team like Atlanta or even Houston who's probably gonna be a top six team anyway, but I I think that would be pretty Orlando who's losing their entire team to torn obliques. Like you, you kind of want the the six seat. I like that. The other one, the that's, that's really it.


Those are the, you could do a draft pick thing, but I don't know why the players on the team would care. It's like, oh we've locked down the 15th pick. It'd be, no, it would be like an insignificant draft pick thing. It'd be like an you get like an extra second rounder or something. It's like, okay great. Which Jacobs, we both have the reality background you once upon a time or the Z reality tv, is there a reality thing we could steal for this? Like you win and you get to use that power to fuck over another team in some way. Like you could say, oh, I Hadn't thought about it in that, in That way. I I'm used it by you get your cross and it's like the Celtics now lose the game seven at home and you just like stick to with some sort of terrible competitive disadvantage. Or we could do like, like a rule change. Like TJ would just come out at halftime and be like, all right guys, here, here are the four point shots at three circles.


Yeah, no corner threes. I think they should use it as a testing ground for like rule changes. Like I think that'd be kind of fun if they were just like no three point line and, and now a four point line or there's no corner threes. I think, I think that'd be fun. And I understand like there are reasons you couldn't do that, but just while we're spitballing I think sort of experimenting about rule changes or court changes you've been considering Yeah. In these games because they are different. It could be a playground for that. Yeah. Like the Eli Wait, one more thing on that. Yeah, because ending code i, the Eli ending would be great and I know they got rid of it from the Allstar game bill, but like tonight the end of that first game was like 25 minutes.


Yeah. The last two or three minutes And it bled into the second game. It's like, what are we doing doing this free throw free throw thing? Like just like Somebody win, so say the NBA cup quarterfinal, semis and finals are all Elon ending. We just hit a certain score and the game's over. I'm not against that. Yeah. I mean every pickup game we've ever played ends with a bucket dude. And then we watched these free throw contests. The the worst one I saw this year was Celtics Cavs And it was like, yeah, 30 minutes and it was back and forth, back and forth. And now because I I I always say this, the f the team that's ahead is now fouling a lot of the time. So it's just adding to it. We, yeah. So I'm a big Elam ending guy, but I like Jacobi's idea. Make it feel special, do something else.


Elam ending is the best I got for that one. Jacobi would SGA be fun to play with? Absolutely. Do fun to play pickup with. Okay. Absolutely. Especially Leads the league in unassisted basket. So he, it's kind of those situations where you don't feel needed. I know, but but like here's the thing, but if you're like in a pickup game and you're down six, you want SGA on your team so you stay on the court, You know what I mean? It's like you, like you always, you always associate guys you wanna play pickup with guys that move the ball and get teammates involved and sort of like put people Spots. No, I wanna in the court And, and yeah but like, but you have SGA just to stay on the court. Like that's why he's good to play pickup with. Yeah, we had, when we played, we had that one guy who was the stay in the court guy where we knew we would, we basically just have to rebound and play defense and he was gonna score nine of the 11 points.


I can't remember what his name was. Jalen Rose. I think it was Jalen Rose. Yeah, Ja, Jaylen Rose Jay Jaylen Was, Jay was unfair. He was unfair to play, to play it. Let's talk about the other game and whether we believe in Milwaukee Bucks yet. I thought they played really well against the Celtics on Friday in a game that was about as intense as you get in December. There's no love lost between those two teams. Kirk Goldsberry, there's some Giannis Jalen stuff, there's some Gianni Al Horford stuff. I felt like Tatum has a little burden of saddle against him. I don't feel like anybody really likes playing against Dame that much. I always feel like people get annoyed by him.


But that was a really intense game on Friday. But the Seltz won. But what's struck me was I thought the bucks hung with them and could have won the game. And now that Green and Prince have been getting them three point shooting now that Portis who looked like he was gonna be outta the league first month of the season, now he's back, now they have Middleton back. Giannis is averaging a 32, 12 and six. I still don't feel like they're at that top echelon and maybe not even in the second echelon, but they're at least lingering because the Giannis now, right? Is that, would you, would you Yeah. I don't think they're lurking, but I would go lingering for them. Is that fair? I think they're 11 and three in their last 14 games after starting two and eight.


And what you just said, one of the sort of deep cut takes is like, yeah, AJ Green, Gary Trent, Tory and Prince Bobby Portis, they're getting really efficient. Three point shooting from those dudes and then Giannis stopped shooting threes. He stopped shooting threes today. He shot his first three in six games. I think he shot another one at the end of the game. But he'd gone five games without shooting a three. He's attacking the rim and then they're surrounding him with shooting tonight. They played a a smaller lineup. They took Brooke out and they put these aforementioned shooters, Chris Middleton's back in the in lineups. Damien obviously spacing starts at the rim y Giannis pressures the rim better than anybody in the league right now.


And he can make passes if they can make those shots. They're very good. The Bucks were always supposed to be this good. The only thing weird was they were two and eight. Do I trust them to be better than the Boston Celtics? No, but it looks like they've righted the ship and look like they're a viable Eastern conference contender now because Giannis is putting up scoring title numbers and they, they're getting this three point shooting from the supporting cast and, and now they're, they're whole. So they have Chris, Damien and, and Giannis. They were supposed to be good. I'm a little worried about the Lopez piece of it. He looked really old in the Celtic game and I thought he was the biggest reason they lost. And it feels like there's a, there's a Giannis Portis shooters and Dame and whether Middleton's in that or not, we'll find out.


But that seems to be probably the, probably their most successful lineup. Which is weird because I Don Dunno, Jacobs, I still don't feel like the Giannis Dame thing is perfect and maybe it will never be, but I I it almost feels like Dame like, it's like, Hey, Giannis isn't gonna play today Dame, you're gonna have to take a lot of shots. Like I don't feel like he's shedding tears, You know what I mean? I don't feel like they've totally figured out yet, but they're kind of scotch taping it and duct taping it together. Now Body language doctor doesn't love that duo as much as I wanted to when he signed. But we always, like, I think people are critical of Dame.


It's like he scores 25.7 points a game and gets 7.5 assist a game. Like He's like 37% from three now. Is that so Bad? Yeah. Like is that so bad? Like I said, what are we being critical of really? And, and you know, dairy Bird, Torry and Prince is shooting 54% from three on like 3.6 attempts or something. Like it's not, it's not fake. Like they're, they're surrounding two of the biggest offensive weapons in the league with shooting defensively. Ah, we can just pass over that. They're not stopping anybody Tough. And when they wanted all t were great on defenses The dream to Tatum against the Bucks. He's like, this is awesome. Sorry Kirk, I interrupted You.


No, I was just saying when they were great, when they wanted all, they were great on defense. Like this was a defensive juggernaut too with Brooke and, and Giannis protecting the paint. And then, you know, drew and Chris and the role players all seeming like, you know, these younger Thunder rockets teams that were seeing the more like yeah, they were a great defense and I don't see that happening. And for that reason I'm out to to, to quote Mark Cuban on their ability to compete with Boston and maybe even Cleveland at the very top of the Eastern Conference. Are you a believer E May said this like three weeks ago about, he's like, if you look at all the teams that have won a title or made the finals, they're all like top five defense Yeah.


Thinks right? So I I actually think it's that simple. Yeah. And like even tonight Suggs had Dame in front of him and he dribbled between his legs like four times and then just like shot a three And it was like Suggs Dame Lillard just put your shoulder down, go past him in a key point. I was really disappointed in that particular possession because I think there's a reason that when Dame is guarding somebody that there's no screener, there's a reason. Right. Well and then when he, when Dame wasn't on him, he was getting the switch, but they were asking a lot from Suggs in that game. In fact, this is a good time to bring in Steve Ceruti for two seconds because we have a very important Orlando magic question.


So at halftime, were you, were you on Expedia or wherever looking for Vegas Hartford to Vegas tickets? Were you thinking about it? You were, we weren't you? I definitely was And it was like, it was like I saw Gladiator two on Friday and I had really low, I had really low expectations for it and I really enjoyed it. I I liked the movie. I don't know if we, if it needed to be made, it was kind of the same as the first one just with like a new thing. I had really low expectations tonight. Didn't know what to expect. I didn't know if we'd hit 90 points 'cause I'm just, I don't know where the scoring comes from And then yeah, like that first quarter happens and I'm like, I'm in this team's, this team. They're gonna win the game and like get the halftime. They kind of, you know, I think they're down one a halftime but anything's on the table.


It just sucked. 'cause that Suggs injury in the third quarter, they were I think down one at the time. He goes out for a couple minutes and I think he comes back in, they're down eight and they have to climb back the rest of the game to get there. But without that, like I, at the end of the day, the guys like when they're fully healthy, like at I think they're capable of beating anybody. Yeah. They're capable of beating anybody. Yeah. It's not, I'm not saying they'd be favored against any of these teams, but they're capable of beating anybody. My friend Sean Grande who is the radio guy for the Celtics, who's I think a good basketball kind of thinker with this stuff. He's, Orlando is the team he's afraid of for the Celtics when they get everybody back. 'cause he thinks they're defensive upside and they don't have Isaac tonight either. Yep. He thinks their defensive ceiling is the high, like some people would say it's Tibs and Knicks, but I, I just think it's gonna be too easy to get point.


The Knicks are in a weird position where it's, their offense is probably gonna be more dangerous than their defense in the playoffs. But I think Orlando, so the case for them would be the defense giving Franz all those reps without Paolo and now Suggs turning into like Russell Westbrook 2017 light. Like just doing everything on on the, on the Magic Jacoby. Are you buying Sug stock yet? I bought a lot of Sug stock preseason because of defense. I didn't see this suggs, but it is odd. This is Gonzaga Suggs. It just seems like Paolo's playing so well and then Franz steps up and plays so well and then Franz is out now Suggs steps up play.


So if, if Suggs has a legit hurt hand, it's gonna be like Mo Wagner scores 30, 12 and 10. It's like what is happening? It just seems like someone on that team is gonna play like an all star no matter what happens. Anthony Black is next if Suggs goes down. Yeah, yeah. I was nervous. You gotta get some K tape or whatever get his oblique taped up so we can't get him. There's some oblique ob like, you know, like a, you know, epidemic breaking out in Orlando. But yeah, when his thumb got harassed, you gotta be kidding me because that's the thing about the NBA cup is like cool, like this is fun and all, but like if we're really gonna lose Suggs for an extended period of time, like pass on on the NBA cup. Well the, the other piece with the Orlando that's been interesting with these guys going out is, I don't know, they took the, they took the training wheels off Anthony Black a little bit.


Yep. He got, what's what's the, what's the hairdo he's rocking these days. He, he some hair stuff around the, around now. Yeah. And he's got's like a little bun in the back. Totally Different player. Totally different player. I seems Like a new guy. Like I didn't, who Was who's, that's Anthony Black, But there's a lot of stuff to like with him and I don't really know what his ceiling is and I'm sure when we get to like game four of a playoff series and he's in the corner, teams are gonna be like, go ahead take that. Hmm. But the fact that he's not a bust feels like a win Srid. So it was kind of an uncharacteristic game from him. He's, he was weirdly bad defensively tonight he, that he got lost like a couple of times but he actually scored way more than you think he was, had assist rebounds and a lot of that was just like, you know, 'cause they just need an extra ball handler.


I would say too, like I'm not nervous, like the panic meter's not going off but like $22 million a year, like KCP Seven Points. Kind of, kind of kind of hoping for more than that in, in a situation where, you know, you kind of need a veteran to step up and honestly like all these young guys, like even just like Tristan Silva, like he's, he started tonight, he started a lot of games since Franz and and Paolo have been out and he's been fine. And I really like the two big lineup. The we Wendell playing the four kind of on like, it's, it's, it can't really work whenever, when they're fully healthy. But in this version of the team without Isaac, he's actually really good at getting those spots like kind of top of the key. Throwing those lob passes like being a facilitator. I think he had the best plus ma plus minus on the Magic tonight. He was awesome.


Kirk, what do you see from the Magic? Yeah, so Rudy should be thrilled man. I was talking to Vince Carter and Jayla when we were watching this game and we're like, holy crap, like these guys are gonna be a problem. And I'm with Sean Grande. I don't think anybody wants to play this team in the playoffs. I'm not saying they would beat the Celtics, but they're a pain in the ass to score on. Yeah. And, and like Oklahoma City, they're a pain in the ass to pass on and get rebounds on. I love the two big lineup. I love that it's Mo and Gogo and Wendell, like they're playing bigger than almost any De Silva two when he is at the three. They're just big and yeah, the biggest point here is they didn't have three or four of their normal rotation pieces of Gary Harris, Jonathan Isaac, but obviously Gary Harris.


Bill's favorite guy. Palo, Palo Paolo and Franz who, you know, torn o ble club. Like Yeah. Stand up like, and as a holder of Suggs coin for years now, you guys should be thrilled. I know you didn't get the result tonight we're, but it looks like you're built for war for a long time and you're the Orlando magic. You guys should be Thrilled and two, two games you didn't have to play. It's not like the N NBA A Cup was gonna do anything for you. It's two more games where nobody's getting hurt, right. Oh, Cody Cody's got time out. I I I hold on this, this is just too much, like too much for me. They don't have a player that can hit a three point shot in 2024. Yeah, they don't have one.


So can we just like address that? They don't have a player that can hit a three point shot? It's tough 30. They're 30th in a three point shooting. 31%. They're 28th in corner threes. Is that the scared to play? I'm so scared to play them in the playoffs. Like okay. The worst shooting team in the league. But Pao, Suggs and Franz are all fine. They're fine Have to do that to sir. He's got like, that's a good guys have torn bleach. I'm Wants to see this team in the Said their defense. I think those corner threes come from good movement elsewhere. Yeah, corner threes are created when their best offensive players are doing other shit somewhere else on the court.


Those guys aren't playing particularly the best offensive player. And now Franz isn't playing who's also great at offense. So those are like indicator species. Yes. There are three point shooting personnel. Jacoby does lack. KCP is underwhelming, but some of these are sort of byproducts of the offense itself. Just not having its alpha and beta creators. Oh. Liked how you used the alpha and beta. So Rudy, did you know where your oblique was five weeks ago? No idea. I thought it was a leg injury. Be honest that was this part of your hip? Where did you think it was in your body? I thought it was like an inner quad thing. I don dunno. It's Jacob. Do you, You know what It was? Yeah. Because they're called love handles.


They're, that's all you have to do is for us, for athletes. They're called oblique for us. They're called love handles. That's they're Under Right above yours are your obliques. It's a love handle injury that is sweeping through the Magic locker room. Love handles. I wonder if they even knew how to diagnose this in like the eighties. Like, like Bob McAdoo had a torn oblique for an entire year and had no idea because he's like, ah, my side hurts. They're like, Bob, take some aspirin. Slept On wrong. Yeah, But how did two guys, I, I know everyone's asking this, but it is fucking weird. How did two guys get the same injury? It's like a haunted house or understand it. The, the, I guess Fran said he didn't even, he doesn't even know what he did it. He, they, he doesn't know At any showing game, different plays and he couldn't even know what the play was.


So maybe he doesn't even know where his O Blake is either. He's like, what's her Really weird rank? Your three, your three teams you're afraid of in the East Boston obviously won. Who's two? Cleveland? And I guess I'm, I guess I'm buying the Milwaukee. The Milwaukee Kool-Aid over the Knicks. Oh, please. Oh, Dai Easy Knicks fan. Dave Jacoby is upset. No, And this maybe this is little Offense in The league. You just kicked our ass the other night and scared the crap outta me. 'cause if we had lost that game by 37, we would've been out of the NBA cup and that would've been one of the most embarrass. It was on the table of life was very much on the third quarter. And against and against Tibs. That's the one guy you don't want be against.


But I don't know. I I'm still wor I mean the Ka Brunson thing is like incredible offensively right now, but they're not the same team defensively. And I, I just, I'm a little, I'm a little worried about the playoff thing with the playoff cat defensively. How's that gonna look? What's the Mitchell Robinson minutes like? I don't know. I'm just like, I'm with Bill too. The Bridges thing. Listen, we're picking hairs. They they were good. They're a good team obviously. But I, I, I don know there's something about this Knick team. I'm not ready to fully go all in on. Kirk, were you seeing 25 and 13 with 46% three point shooting from towns this year? Was that in your bingo card Dude? Yeah, he is incredible. I didn't know that Tom Tiptoe was an offensive genius until this year.


I think that Just found just that out. Yeah. Yeah. I just learned that 25 and 13 though. I think I would've, I would've put him around there. The 45, 40 6% number from three point is crazy. Dude. Big man. I thought it was gonna go the other way. I thought it was gonna be like, oh, they, they gotta figure out how to get into the ball more because there haven't been enough. Instead it's like this, him and Brunson as a combo been crazy. And then it seems like the Nick fans really like him too. That's the other thing that I think was up in the air. They're gonna get Precious and they're gonna get Mitch Robinson back and we don't, I don't think we've seen what their defense really could be. Yeah, but I'm with Sir Rudy, I definitely go Celtics, CALS Knicks, then I go Bucks.


But I do think the Knicks offense deserves respect. They can, they can score against anybody in a variety of ways. It just like their, their shooting is great. And then Brunson and Kat, I do love the geometry to borrow Jaylen's basketball geometry phrase. I love what the Knicks have spacing the court right now. Yeah. I think I'd go slight edge to the Bucks 'cause of just how crazy Giannis is this year. Yeah. It just seems like anytime he wants to go downhill and get he turns. So my daughter went to the game on Friday 'cause my dad got a Covid shot and I Don Dunno, first of all, why did he get a Covid shot? Great question. Second, What we what In the year?


2020 four's? Dunno. Him, him and my step Mom. Did he get injected with Covid? Is that a shot? How At work? I was like, nobody Dad, it's thousand 24. Whatcha doing? So he got a covid shot and then go figure him and my stepmom both felt like crap the next day. So my daughter got to go their boyfriend and she hadn't seen Giannis in person And it was, so she called me after and she was like, dad, is he like the best player of all time? Like how, where does he, what, what's going on with that? It just seems like every time he wants he could just bulldoze over everybody and get a layup or a dunk. And I'm like, yeah, kind of. No, it's kind's The fat Guy from Serbia actually. Yeah, the fat guy.


The fat guy's gonna have 104 points this weekend in two games. Yeah. But I think we've been watching the honest thing for so long. We forget just fundamentally how insane it is that he could just basically get to wherever he wants no matter what the defense is. Middleton is the thing with them. I I, to me it's a three a three B thing and I wanna know where we're with Middleton in March and then Orlando's kind of lurking as the, who knows Team Miami. It's interesting. I, and I don't, I don't think they have any chance to move up into this ladder, but they do seem like they've figured out something over the last two weeks with their team. Like, hero carries the offense for three quarters.


Butler kind of takes over late. BA's having a really weird season. Like all his field goal stuff and stuff around the rim is terrible. It's really like uncharacteristic. But I, for some reason, I, I could see them maybe upsetting somebody in one round, but not more than that. And that's really it. I don't even know who else we would have in the East. Soie you seem, you seem like Serenely confident just focused on March and April. It just sucked. The Frons injury sucks 'cause it takes away like the potential Allstar the potential most improved, like all that stuff is kind of not there anymore. Well it took away the supermax though, which is good for you. I Guess That could have that kind of a salary cap nightmare to have two sports.


Speaking Of contracts, I need to, I need to say this to the people who this summer were criticizing the Jalen Suggs DO what was it? Five years? 50 million for a guy that scores 12 points. Who criticized that? People. Who's that? People? Yes. Yes. A lot of, a lot of, lot of our, Our friends doors The border, maybe some Raptors fans were still a little upset about how that, how that draft. By the way, the 2021 draft is my favorite draft in recent history. It's incredible. I go down the list of just every like week. I feel like you change the order of what guys you want. Yeah. Obviously Franz Suggs, what have we got? Cade, Moby, sh Goon, Jalen Green, Barnes, Jalen Johnson was in that draft. Yeah. Unbelievable. Draft Pay sucks. The man's worth the money. He's one of the best winners in the league. He does things that other guys like, he's, he's the ultimate winning player and whatever you need him to do.


And you saw it tonight. Like he doesn't, he doesn't need to be a 30 pointy game scorer, but he was tonight. I think he's a third guy on a championship team and maybe even potentially has the, the ceiling of being a second guy if he was with somebody. Incredible, right. Like being the like the Jamal Murray. Yep. Jr Holiday spot if you get to play next to a Giannis or Yoku. Alright, thanks for stopping in sir. Rudy, Thanks guys. Appreciate You sir. Rudy, Congrats on your, on your heroic effort tonight. Yeah. Hopefully We'll see you in in in April. May. Before we go, Jacobi, you wanna talk about Embiid? I do. What do you got? What the fuck is going on?


Just like, what is going on? Like, I, my questions for you, bill, are what is the plan? Do his teammates like him? And all I hear about is like how little he communicates with the team about his availability, how he's late all the time. Like Vernon Newsome guy who said he missed the team buses like the day after the report came out that he was late. It's just all like he's become, in the last three years, he's turned from one of the most likable stars in the league. To someone who I, I'd like less and less and less every, every three months. And we're there right now.


So here's why I've landed Goldsberry. I I, to me, remember we said that joke about Twitter? Like you w when Twitter was really like a place a lot of people went to that you just wish you could have certain stories and just not even see them. That you could meet the story if a story was happening, you just wouldn't even know about it. That's how I feel about and bead by play tonight. And beads not gonna play tonight and be's gonna rest tonight has some swelling again and beat's feeling better. I just, I I'm just out. I'm tapping out. I can't do it. The chronic swelling was the most disturbing part of that story. I thought this weekend it, it's not even like he reinjured or anything. It was like, yeah, it's maintenance 'cause he has chronic swelling.


What does chronic swelling mean? None of it sounds good. Goldsberry you were, you were at San Antonio when this was going on with Kauai. It was a little different. There was more mystery and Kauai was younger. He wasn't seven foot three carrying a bunch of weight. But this just has a stranglehold over your franchise after a certain point, right? Yeah, that's a perfect word. It really is. Just like a black cloud or a stranglehold. I'd actually compare it to Tim. A lot of people forget that Tim Duncan had a really bad knee his entire career. Yeah. And this scourge that is known as load management has a lot to do with Tim Duncan's knee and Greg Popovich and the staff really making sure that they could get everything.


And then, but that also meant that Tim had to be very serious about his nutrition and his sleep and all this other stuff. And I think as Joel enters sort of the later stage of his career, if he wants to keep playing at this level, he has to be more serious, more professional. Not just about being on time to the bus, but taking care of his body. Like the reason LeBron is LeBron at this age is because he was really careful about his body and respected that stuff. And unfortunately this is what it looks like when somebody doesn't do that kind of thing, in my opinion. And I'm not quite sure where this is going. I do think Philadelphia has reasons to be more optimistic than the last time we talked about these guys.


Yeah. On the podcast. I still think the east, what we just went through is like, oh may maybe Miami's the five seed. Unfortunately there needs to be eight playoff teams in the Eastern conference and I think Philadelphia will get one of those slots. And so I think they could be pretty patient here. I just agree with what you guys are saying. This is really troubling. Like the lack of communication, the lack of clarity, the weird Timmy Bond temps quotes from this week. It's depressing. I don't even know it's injured. It's just inflammation. These are bad signs guys. Yeah, this happened to the Celtics in oh nine with kg, I don't know if you remember KG got Hurt. They were like 31 and five.


They had some crazy record and it was like kgs coming back and then it was just coming back and then it was like team, not sure, still feeling pain. Nobody's saying anything. And it just turns into this that, like you said, a black cloud where you don't know game to game. We tweak. What's weird is that I guess he looked pretty good in that bowls game. I didn't watch it. I just saw the highlights. I, I watched the game. He, it was, it was weird. He, like, he started out terribly. Like he would just, he was oh for seven or something. It was like, and everything was short. Like that game was the same where everything was. He has this brace, like his full leg brace on warmed up. Like they're, they're spamming this high pick and roll with him and Maxie and Maxie would just give him a pocket pass and he would just shoot from like 16 feet.


And Busch just didn't do anything about it. And even if Busch was on him, he would just jab step and then shoot over him. And he was like, I, I don't have the numbers from, he's like eight for 10 from like around the foul line. Yeah. Which is where, in my opinion, when he was best, when actually Doc was a coach, he would just like operate from the foul line, but he would do a lot of distributing and like driving. But they really just like, it gotta the point where like the third quarter he was just absolutely wet from the mid range. Like he scored like a, like a ton of points after starting, starting over seven looking like he might as well just like go back on the bench. Yeah. It's like, it's like when you see like in a sports movie, there's like the, the fat old washed up guy who wanders on the court and just starts sitting like 20 footers.


It just seems like a bead. He's so skilled from 18, 19 feet, it doesn't matter. They had him played for a month, all of a sudden he could just sit nine straight 20 footers. But you know, not to be a party pooper, but you know, they're in this stretch, they were calling it Hollinger called it NBA, the NBA bi week basically, where everybody has like one or two games over the course of eight days and they're playing Chicago then they have all this rest. So he can have a game. He is playing Cevi, he's playing the bowls who are a bottom five defensive team. And he can go out there, get a good run, get his points, not have to worry about playing the next day. I, it's hard to feel optimistic after that is my point. Like I wanna see what their schedule starts to get harder.


I think at the end of the year they've got, did they have a road trip? Is he gonna be on the road trip? Is he gonna play? Then there's the part that you mentioned about the teammates being asked about it. What do you think about Joelle? How much do you guys miss Joelle? I, it's just day after day and you know, it's not awesome, especially when you're competing against teams like OKC where it's like everybody's young and hungry and they're all doing the post-game press conferences together and they're, and they're hanging out and they're ready to go. So I don't know how it plays out. I'll tell you this though, the extension. Yeah. That's just a Wow. No, that's a, that's a, that is a very debilitating contract.


And we talked about this earlier. It's like you don't see a lot of good teams with this new cap bill with any bad contracts, let alone a max contract with a guy who's not playing level. That Hasn't even even kicked in from the extension part yet. A hundred percent. It's like how do you build a team when you have that much sort of money locked up and in a player that may or may not even be able to to play most nights. Jacoby, who's your favorite rookie? My favorite rookie? Yeah. In, in terms of like to watch or like I would want on my team because I mean my favorite rookie is obviously Jared McCain just like as a vibe.


Yeah. You know what I mean? Because he's so much fun. Just sort of like, so himself off the court am also on Resche Island. Like I wish he Made threes. He's like 28% from three. But I, everything else is there. It's a 20, it's fluid. I know like that. I like that team of, of Johnson Daniels Reese, she, it's like Tre or no Trey. Like that is a core that I really, really like in Atlanta. I'm, I'm much higher in Atlanta than like I should be and I'll admit that. But I, I feel the same about re Shea. Like I, I've watched, he had a huge game. I forget who it was against. It was early in the season. He had like 30 points or something. I was like, yeah, this dude looks like a number one pick in the NBA draft.


He's good. He knows what he is doing. I had over under bet I had over bets for them before the season when I was in Denver last week. I doubled down 'cause the over was still too low because I think that's a over 500 team. I think my favorite rookie is Castle. Yes. Mm, good point For what he, he's gonna do, I think this year I think they're gonna have real trouble keeping him him out of the lineup and there's a chance like he's their second best player by the end of the year. I just like him. I like how hard he plays. He seems like the kind of guy OKC would have just like a really, really, really gives a shit two-way guy. He can't really shoot yet, but I thought he was my favorite guy heading the draft.


I thought he's the guy I would've taken number one if I was Atlanta. And everything I've seen from him, I, I would not waver on that one. I wanna see more. Reid Shepherd is the one I think I'm the most interested by because I don't think ba Weed's had a good season and the shooting stats back it up like they're not good. And I wonder, you know, I know they have like a, I forget if it's a player option or a team option next year, but it, Reed Shepherd within two years will probably be running that team. But I almost, that's one of those where you want like, you know, vbu to have some very minor injury for three days or three games just to kind of see Reed Shepherd get to drive the car outta the garage a couple times.


He's one. I, it's weird. I like this draft more than I thought. Kirk, I, there's a lot of guys, they're not superstars, but there's a lot of guys where I'm like, ah, I kind of like that guy. Even clinging on Portland. I like Zach. Edie, there's a bunch of them. I'm gonna come back to you on Edie 'cause I need to know how, how the surf has been over at Eie Island if, if the, if the sea walls are holding up. But I wanna know. Yes, Steven ca Castle is the, is the answer for me and it's not close. And I, I'm, I'm obviously close to the Spurs. They're very excited about all the stuff he does. I love the description of a thunder like player he is, yeah. That kind of dog in him stereotype, but he does the stuff that doesn't show up in the box score.


They love this guy. He is adding sort of an edge to their group. I think Jeremy Sohan is kind of like that too. And I think it could help them, you know, they're, they're destined to build a great defense in San Antonio and I think he could be part of that. Yeah, like, like Lou Dort another potentially great defender. He needed to get a shot and Lewis figured that out. So I feel like Castle could, could get a little of that. Dalton Connect obviously needs to be mentioned. I know he's older, but I think he's been fantastic given where they got him in the draft. I'm still on island. I'm not giving up on that anytime soon.


But for me, and I'll, I'll say Reed Shepherd I think is gonna be great in this league for a long time. But I'm going, castle has really won me over in the last few weeks specifically. But tell me Bill, Zach, Edie, was he everything you dreamed of or are you a little bit let down at this point in the season? Well, I think Memphis is so deep. Yeah. That I, I thought he would actually be this important, like weird just kind of, you know, throw a cannonball in the pool just to shake it up kind of thing. But they don't need it. They just have too many good bench guys. Their benches crazy. And the fact that was actually good Alama. Yeah. You can't take minutes away from huffing alama, whatcha crazy.


No, Those guys are just, He's also not available. He's just not available right now. We haven't seen him too much. Yeah, true. Yeah, that sar that's probably the worst possible situation for a guy like that. It's like, your team's gonna just be awful and you're just gonna learn some bad habits, but too early to to say we talk about him. I mean, one other thing with Memphis, like another reason that Edie's probably not even gonna play that much is that Brandon Clark has, I, I was so impressed with him in the Boston game, but just it feels like he's got his explosiveness back and he is a really unique player, like that crazy undersized energy guy that always seems to be on good teams. So yeah, I like the draft.


We'll see with Dillingham, that was the other one I, I was super duper intrigued by, but it feels like they phased them out a little bit because they're trying to get their defense going. So we'll see what happens with that. Who's your most disappointing team? Jacoby, Indiana. Oh, I mean that's, you're leading the witness so I'm gonna try to go with another team. Oh, You're gonna zag on me. That's fine. Yeah, I'm trying to, but I mean obviously the most disappointing team is the Sixers, but I think there's a reason for that. Just availability. Like I, I think the Sixers, you know, I think the Sixers will turn around, end up being a playoff team. Let's not forget they're in the plan last year and ended up in like a, a really good series against the Knicks. But it has to be the Pacers and the Halliburton.


And remember this time last year at the, during the in-season tournament it was called, at the time they were, they were the belled the ball and Halliburton was this like rising superstar. They put him in the stupid commercial with Rosario Dawson and he's not even a factor whatsoever. And his like home road stuff is really strange. I don't think I've seen anything like that. It, but yeah, it, I would, I would say the Pacers because it's, it's real, you know, the expectations were at a point that they're just not reaching. It's probably Tommy Alter's fault. Who's your most disappointed team? Kirk? Oh, this one's for Chris Vernon, the Memphis Grizzlies. I've been very disappointed. What do you, I'm just kidding.


The Grizzly didn't hear it. Yeah, Yeah, yeah, that's right. That's right. I would say the Minnesota Timberwolves, because I thought I, I hand up, I thought the Randall trade was good. Dante Dito too. It hasn't worked. It has not worked. They went from having a very strong identity with great defense and good offense to not really having an identity and looking like a middle of pack team in the Western conference when most of us thought they were going up a level, not down a level in this exact season bill. So for me, I think the Pacers have a very strong claim to this con conference finalists.


But I will say Minnesota because I really want Anthony Edwards to be the face of American superstars in the next five, 10 years. I love everything about him. So I've been particularly disappointed with that team's performance after what they did last year. Those are two great choices. Congratulations to both of you. But the answer is the Phoenix Sun. I don't have kd. Okay. I want to do, yeah, I don't have KD make excuses for Big Shot Bob Sarver. They're 13 and 11 doesn't One in nine without Kd. Okay. But guess what? They traded all their first round picks. They traded Mikel Bridges, they traded Cam Johnson, they traded Deandre Aton, they traded all their second round picks.


They traded everything to have basically a three guy team and one of the three guys who's been in the league since 2007 has a bunch of injuries and has gotten hurt twice. And I don't know why I fell for it And it made me mad. They were one of my favorite overs. I picked them to win the division. I thought they were gonna be a 50 plus win team. And I forgot the fact that they're built around this guy who's been in the league for 18 years asking him to be the rim protector, their crunch time scorer to put, do 30 a game, nine rebounds a game, make 50% of your shots and 45% of your threes do everything. And it's like, oh, guess what? He lasted a month before he got hurt twice. And I'm just mad at myself more than anything. But you have to be disappointing when you trade literally a decade of stuff for the team you have in you're 13 and 11.


So that's my answer Kurt. Not When they made the trade where you're like, that's great. Well like no one liked that trade. Yeah, that, especially now with all the apron stuff that happened, that trade looks even a hundred times worse. Like you would much rather have the flexibility now, but when you just consider all the assets they sent out for the team that they have now and it's all hinging on. Well when Durant's healthy might not happen, you know? Yeah. He's seven foot one and he is had a lot of lower below the hip injuries at this point and they put a huge burden on him and play him big minutes. And I would just be nervous if I was a sense. Yeah, I could see it Counterpoint.


You don't wanna draw them in the first round of the playoffs because they're, let's, let's imagine that KD plays well, gets back, they're gonna climb in the standings like right now I think they're 10th or whatever they're gonna climb in the standings and then you see them in the first round and you're like, man Booker and Katie can get on a heater. You know, like, like that that it, it's, it feels a little bit like they're, they're basically the Sixers world, But counter doesn't everybody have two good guys at this point? No, no. The Rockets have zero, the best teams in the league. But they could play defense Though. Yes. Yeah. I guess for, for me Kirk with Phoenix like that, you know there's always gonna be, now that Nerca is pretty much unplayable, they're leaning on Plumy now as their center and Tus Jones, these are like bench guys.


These are guys that would be like 10th or 11 players on the Celtics or the Thunder and these are two of their CrunchTime guys. Yeah. It goes back to our theme earlier, it's like there's not a lot of old and overpaid great teams in the NBA right now and no, they're their best players older as you pointed out. Devin Booker certainly not old, he, I'm not mad at his contract. The be deal to me sticks out like a sore thumb on their cap sheet. Nerc like you have to have pretty much a perfect roster. And I, I I, I kind of agree with you. Doesn't everybody have at least one superstar that we're talking about winning at all? Yeah, pretty much. I think that is fair.


And to me the differentiating stuff is now lower down on your depth chart and that's where this team is just really not great and I don't think they'll ever be able to play defense well enough to keep up with the top teams in the west. Yeah. But I keep going back to that Bradley Beal decision because that was a lot of depth. They traded essentially for one other player that might have sort of a repetitive role next to Devin and Kevin. 70 plus million for Bradley be and and bowl, bowl, bowl, bowl still on the team. Yeah. Smells like new owner decisions. Guys, thanks for staying up with me. It's a pleasure seeing you. Great seeing you in your weird, weird undisclosed New York City location at one in the morning.


I don know where you are. Be careful Walking home Jacobs Kirk, great to see you. We even though we were your sloppy seconds tonight, I had great time talking to you guys. I'll see you soon I'm sure. Thanks for coming up.


This episode is brought to you by LinkedIn. As a small business owner, every new hire added to your team needs to make an immediate impact. Think of CJ Stroud in his rookie year, how he transformed the Texans with limited hiring resources. You don't have the luxury of getting it wrong. You need to feel confident that your candidate is going to perform when the game is done. The line with LinkedIn jobs, you can, as the world's largest professional network, LinkedIn gives you access to more than a billion professionals with the unique skills and experience you need, chances are your next standout star is one of them, a qualified candidate ready to put in the work that makes an immediate impact on your business. On LinkedIn, 86% of small businesses get a qualified candidate within 24 hours. So hire professionals like a professional on LinkedIn, hire the right person for your role and post your job for free. Go to LinkedIn dot com slash simmons, that's LinkedIn dot com slash simmons to post your job for free terms and conditions apply.


Alright, we're taping this part on a Monday. I did a re watchable taping with, with Kyle Brandt, who we haven't been together in a long time. Yeah. Really since Super Bowl with the Giants and the Pats that I never like to talk about. Craig Beck is here too. Let's talk football. All right. There's no reason for this. Great. We just turned the mics on. Come on. Sal brought up last night on the podcast about whether if you were granted it's, it's like a generic talk so segment, but I really, it really got my brain turning about Josh Allen versus Mahomes Mahomes. The resume versus what we're actually watching week to week game to game. Like the shit that he's doing the shit when they're down 35 to 13 against the Rams and you're just like, not turning this off.


Nope. I feel like Josh can bring this back. Yeah. You've been on the Bills thing forever. Yeah. So is anything different this year or is is, are the, are the toys better for him? Is it just the experience? What is it? What's different Between the ears? It's like the happiest he's ever been in his life and I mean, I mean like in all different ways. Is that A Stefan Digs subtweet A little bit. Yeah. It's funny to think about like, can you even remember the last Bills loss? It's been so long before the Rams game. Yeah. They Lost to the Texans that night and the take was like, wow. Digs got over on the bills and there was this viral moment of digs like side eyeing him. And we haven't heard from digs since he got hurt and Alan's taken over the world. But loves his offensive coordinator.


Never more comfortable. Loves the guys in the room. And I don't think this is irrelevant. Like he, he's engaged to a, a movie star and a pop star and his personal life is out of control. Like over the hill, over the moon. Amazing. And he has a rick good run game to good offensive line. Like what do you want as a quarterback? My line's awesome. My running ba backs are awesome. I have like a really cool girl that I'm with and like my receivers are cool guys and I know they're not Calvin Johnson, but like, they make plays for me. I think he's so happy and so confident. I think it's great. Yeah. We joked last week on the fantasy pod that last week was Josh Allen's Apex Mountain. Right. Engaged to Haley Steinfeld had the big night game whole thing. Literally a week later, week later, he already b beat it even though he lost to the Rams. I would say his, now this is his Apex Mountain. He had the greatest day in fantasy football history, basically 52 points and he locked up the MVP.


You think it's done? Yeah, I think he did. Yeah. I can't count out Lamar yet for some reason, but I think it's like FanDuel would say it's done. It's like he's like a minus 500 fan In a regular year. Lamar there's still a month left. There's Lamar fatigue. He's already got it a couple times. Yeah. And I, I listen, I was, I want TaeKwonDo win a bat. It'd just be cool. He would have to have the perfect campaign. Like he'd have to break the Dixon record. He'd have to have the touchdown. Right. Everything. Alan just took it away. I'm not sure it can be Saquon. I Oh really? It's hard. Two years ago the Eagles made the Super Bowl with Miles Sanders. Yeah. And so it's like, I, I Just, I'm out. I did this last week. I'm out on the Saquon. I I I just think like I want It to, it would be cool, but I don't think they can do it. This is the dumbest way to think about it. But I also think it's the best way to think about it.


When somebody gets hurt, what happens to the line? Like if Josh Allen got hurt, the bills line moves by nine points astronomically. Yes. If barley gets hurt, the Eagles line moves by like two and a half points Again, they were like the best team in the league with Miles Sanders to you. Yeah. So that's what I hate that it has to be a quarterback. I know pretty much every year, unless the guy's having the most amazing season ever or there's no like awesome quarterback. Right. But for the most part, these, this is the mo it's like saying like, no, the pilot's not the MVP of this airplane. It's actually the third flight attendant got those peanuts. She's killing it. It's like, you know, who's the MVP the fucking pilot? 'cause we're crashing if the, if the pilot doesn make beat the pilot. But I, I think as the Allen thing, especially as it pertains to Mahome, my concern is that that Rams game 20 years from now when like you tell your kids, your grandkids about Josh Allen, like that's the Josh Allen experience.


He's unbelievably cool Superhero action star. And the bills lose. Right. And they the dopey play with the QB sneak. Yeah. Where they waste the time out. Is that this era you're like, whatcha doing? Like, is is he I just worry that he is like Dominique Wilkins or something like, it's just so awesome, incredible talent. What did it amount to? He's even said it, he's like, he's said it. I'm sick of winning t-shirts. He has a whole stack of t-shirts that are like division Champ t-shirts and he is like, I want to get them outta my closet. I don't want these anymore. That's what he's known for at this point. Because if they lose in the playoffs, if they lose in the playoffs this year to the Chiefs, what do you think? If you're a Bills fan, like this Chiefs team sucks. We can't even be this one. It's right. It's A big's big playoff. That's why, that's why it'll be the Steelers that they lose too.


They might be I know you're big on the Steelers Right now. I am. I I I am stunned that the Steelers have not gotten more credit this year. I don't get it. I don't know what else they have to do. I'm holding my breath a little bit. They have a really tough fan. I'm just fan being Super careful. This is a tough four getting stretch they're heading into and and it's been pretty easy the last four weeks. Now. They're Eagles chiefs. Bengal Bengal. No Eagles Chiefs spans it. It's a tough Stretch. But but they're playing Christmas night too. Yeah. The Josh thing, the way you laid it out really makes me think of Peyton Manning first half of the two thousands where he had reached this point where he was the best regular season quarterback. He was the guy he would take first in fan all that stuff, but he never felt like he was actually gonna win.


And then they ended up winning in oh six, partly because the Pats choked away a 21 to three halftime Lead. Yeah. In the dome. In the dome. Marlin Jackson interception sealed it And it was like, holy shit, they beat Brady. And that's, this is my test for the Chiefs right now. So we're picking away at all of 'em and they barely win. And all their numbers are terrible and the offense like looks legitimately bad except for one drive every game. Let's say they get the one seed, they get the buy the division on, you're watching on your couch and the chiefs lose to Pittsburgh or Baltimore or Houston or something like that. Are you surprised? Because I am shocked. I I I believe I'll fall off my chair if they lose the division round even as bad as they've been. That's my respect for them. I agree completely.


It's every week. You'd be shocked. I'd be shocked if the Chiefs lost. I I I was like, oh, you know, if if the bills play the Chiefs again in the playoffs, this is what we see every year. The Bills beat Mahomes in the regular season. Mahomes beat Allen in the playoffs. It's, it's the same thing every single year. The problem for the chiefs is sometimes you can pass the point of no return with weapons. 'cause and I said this last time in the pod like this did happen to Brady a couple times where like oh six he was awesome and we just had nobody, we had Lawrence Maroney starting running back and Rashe Caldwell and Shaar Gaffney and Ben Watson And it was like we just didn't have enough weapons when we needed third downs. There was that one guy to get open there wasn't awesome running back. I don't think the chiefs weapons are that bad but there's been some Brady seasons where he was better than the team.


And I wonder with Mahomes this year, I thought he took a lot of hits on Sunday night. So many. It's so weird. I feel like last year was the year the chiefs were supposed to lose and then the criticisms would come. Definitely. What didd they go 11 and six And it was like yeah. You know, this is what we were saying. You can't do this again. Not with these weapons. Yeah. The Raiders killed them on Christmas. Yes. It was like a super War year. Should they have lost and Alan missed that one third of Diggs. There was one other play, like if you really watch that game closely, it was kind of amazing the Bills didn't win that game. Yeah. I don't think anybody knows what to do now, now that they come outta this weird 11 and six year where they shouldn't have won the Super Bowl, but they did. And now they're 12 and won and they've where they've won 16 straight games that were one score. Yeah. It's the most improbable run. I mean can you think of anything like this in the last 20, 30 years in the NFL? No.


It's, No. There there were some weird patriot years wondering like how we were doing it week after week. But this is different because they're almost adding this degree of difficulty to the wins. And I, I'm not a lucky person with football. I don I've never really bought into that 'cause Sure. Clearly they're good. Clearly. Like the plays that he was making yesterday, especially in the last drive that third and 15 was crazy. It was so cool. Yeah. Right. The third and seven, you know, he is gonna get it. So that, so so that's its own skill. I thought what what concerned me if I was them was, was the charges I thought were really physical with them in the second half. Yeah. In a way that I don't remember seeing with the Chiefs. Yes. But you always felt like the chiefs were gonna lose.


It was. 'cause they, you know, they dropped the key third down pass or something. I I thought the Chargers were like pushing 'em back Without their best running back. Yeah. Yeah. I mean the charger are built like Michigan. I mean, Not their best Receiver. No, definitely. I think the Chargers are gonna win a playoff game. I I, I like them still. I'm not jumping ship on the Chargers. Yeah. Without the best receiver. Without the best react. They play great defense. I like them. So they'll be a succeed, right? Depends. Yeah. They'll be whatever behind Baltimore, Pittsburgh. Yeah. So Succeed would put them probably against either Buffalo or Pittsburgh. Yeah. And I, I don't like that match. I don't like the Chargers but the distinction I think with, with the Chief's weapons, it's like I think there's having players that are just kind of average and but then there's having players who are just kind of average the way they're playing who are made guys like Jre Hopkins and Kelsey, even Juju, those are guys who have been around, who've been in playoff games, who've won.


Those are the guys who are like, oh shit, we turned on the division around Kelsey had nine catches and two touchdowns. Right. Like they've done it. It's not average players who just suck and have never done it. These guys are all a friend of ours. Yeah. You know what I mean? They can turn it on. Why? That's They go in Well that's why, that's why I'm so cautious with the Chiefs 'cause of the Kelsey keeping him in the garage with the Tarpon thing. Yeah. Like they're just clearly doing that. Yeah. I, we didn't see him for two hours in the game yesterday and you know, in fantasy, like I know people are still paying for him in fantasy. Yeah. He was still Fringe first guy who went off the board in draft, it was like him and La Porta but, But then you watch Bowers although unbelievable, although Tampa was able to take him out a little yesterday and Bowers is just like Gro crossed with Kelsey crossed with like a sports sports movie.


Tight end easily Number one's open All the times. He's just crushing everybody. And Kelsey could probably do that in January in round two. But I don't think they're using that skill now. So I don't know if I had to rank 'em. I, I, I honestly think Pittsburgh's the safest bet out of the three because of the defense more than Buffalo. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. I think they could beat Buffalo and Buffalo because they can get some explosive plays but I think Buffalo has a better chance of beating kc. 'cause the thing with KC that I can't wrap, but I feel like if you can get 24 and up on them points wise, you're probably beating them. Right. Buffalo beat them 30 21. Yeah. But Pittsburgh's more likely to play the 18 to 16, 19 to 16 type Kansas City game, which is better for kc.


So I do feel like there's some rock paper scissors. Yeah. I think Arthur Smith and and Russ are really starting to work well especially last week without Pickens. Which I do think Tomlin held Pickens. I think Pickens could have played in that game and I think they knew they had this Gly coming up. Hmm. They held 'em against Browns. I 100% agree they were At home. I think that was a very smart move. Tomlin, They knew they could be Jamis. There were more open guys in that game than there have been all season for Pittsburgh. So I do think Arthur Smith and Russ are really starting to gel. I just worry that in January they're in Buffalo, they need to score 35 to beat the bills. They're doing too high. They're taking off all the top end stuff for Russ. You really gotta rely on like Najee Harris having a good game running the ball and then if it's not Pickens it gets real thin real quick. Yeah. I'm a little worried.


I almost wonder if like they could muck it up with the chiefs and win a game like 1917. That's where I feel like Yeah but Kyle knows the, the way to beat the bills is what the Rams did yesterday. You're just bleak. Five yard run outta nowhere. Four yard run. Yes. Seven yard run. Seven yard pass, three yard run five yard. You had Stafford throwing, you just chipping away, chipping away, chipping away at lockup Punt. You get it like you have this big Play. Yeah you had that. Yeah. Big defensive Play and then Jesus Christ, KU and Cooper were just doing anything. They wanted the, they look Bad. That's the thing. I mean Stafford, KU and Cooper was like the highest degree of difficulty offense in the league. Like it is so hard. But they do it because they're so good and I'm like I don, I don't, I I will worry a Little bit. But what do they run for? The running game I thought was the most interesting part of that because they did Buffalo.


I wouldn't say they're like a giant defense. No not really, But feels like you can push him backwards. They thought that. Okay. So Matt Milano's back now, like he was their heart and soul of their defense. Yeah. He's back there gonna stop it. Terrell Bernard's amazing in the middle. But like they did this Blake Corrum thing that we haven't seen a lot of 'em this year. And then obviously Kyron, my, my I I have a little bit of a spicy take on the bills. Rams stings. I actually think that loss was good for the bills. Hmm. And I'll tell you why. Like everybody was just on their nuts across the whole country because they did a lateral play and they won in the snow and they're the best team ever. They go across the country, they get their ass whipped a little bit. Now they play the Lions, which is one of the biggest games of the regular season. I think they need to have their shit humbled a little bit. Just a little bit. They were such a darling for about three or four days and then they weren't that good.


And I think that get that lost outta the way now maybe and have a little bit of a wake up call. I actually was not shocked that they lost that game. 'cause McVay is amazing and when Cup and Nku are out there for the Rams this year, the Rams are six and two. Like they're a very, very good team and their defense is like super young. Super doesn't give a crap. I'll hit Josh Allen late talk shit to him. Don't care. Like the Rams are. If, if I had to pick a team that, holy shit a team that's in the Super Bowl, I'd pick the Rams as like the holy shit team. Your holy shit team. My Holy shit team is the Rams. Like that is a dark horse, Cinderella, all that. Like they have the quarterback. I think they have the best coaching football and they have this crazy young defense who doesn't know that they're not supposed to be that good yet. They're my holy shit Super Bowl team. I think the holy shit team has to be a FC.


Okay. Just for me. But I like that pick. But I think like The Chargers would be a Holy shit afc. Yeah. I just think that Detroit, Philly talent pedigree, that's good's gonna be really, especially if you have to go into Detroit round two, round three, that's good. And try to take those guys. Whereas the A FCI don't really love any team and I could, I feel the best about Pittsburgh. I certainly wouldn't feel like awesome about Russell Wilson winning three straight playoff games, you know? Yeah. And if this is the year to go against Casey, so my Casey, my holy shit playoff team would actually be the Chargers because I'm with you On that. They can block and they can chase the passer. And once we get into January, if you can just do those two things, make a couple plays, not turn the ball over and win a couple ugly games.


That's what the Chiefs did last year. You know, I was really impressed by their yesterday. I think they're The Chargers in a loss. I thought they, I thought they really handled the chief's defensive line. I was surprised. And like Herbert misses wide open touchdown, right? Palmer. Yeah. He missed another guy like 35 yards down the field. Their running backs are among the worst in the league without Dobbins. Yeah. Gus Edwards and Vidal come on. They're Overachieving this year. Like it's impressive already. What Harbaugh's done your mind. He's amazing. Yeah. This was supposed to be kind of like, all right, we'll get our lineman, we build from the inside out, see what we got. We'll see what we have in lad McConkey. He's already one of the better rookie wide receivers in the league. You know what's funny? We talk about football all the time and we always look for these angles on what makes the team special.


Yeah. Who's gonna be the sleeper? This was the first year where I was like, all I care about are coaches and QBs smart. I did all my over unders and I was like, if you have a coach or a qb. Yeah, I don, I'm not even like, I'm not even worried that the Chargers don't have receiver. I'm going over, I'm picking them to make the playoffs. They have Harbaugh and Herba Herbert. Right. Doesn't matter. That should be enough. Yes. Whereas like flip side, I don't know Vegas, I don't understand their quarterback situation at all. I don't know where we're getting the, I'm out and I wonder sometimes, is football just that simple? Is it all about the QB and the coach and the rest of it is like periphery? Yeah. In retrospect, looking at Rogers and Sala, it's like I, you know, not that I like Robert Sala. Were you big on them? Yeah. I think that pretty was a little bit right.


That was my big mistake. I had the jets over Buffalo in the division. That was my biggest regret. Yeah. My big Rogers' Watch. Like he is, you know, it's been off. If you knew he was gonna be the 41-year-old Wash Rogers that wouldn't have picked That. I know my big thing in fantasy this year was like, try to eliminate as much randomness as you can. Like only bet on things that you can depend on that you know are gonna happen. Coaching quarterback. And then I just was completely blind to the Jets. Like a 40-year-old quarterback coming off. I torn Achilles. I just, my biggest miss, I got so received by all the buffalo dead cap space stuff and transition year. I just, they, they snookered me. I think they snuck it themselves. I don't even know if they expected this. Yeah. I really do think it was all right. This will be a year and we'll lose in the wild card or whatever. But just Alan's been that good and defense has been that good.


Can I give you like a surprise disgruntled team right now? Yeah. I'm kind of with you. Like I have a couple friends and they're Philly guys and they're like beside themselves right now. They hate this team. They're like, we're gonna lose, we're gonna go one and done. Oh wow. They're panicking. But like Six days ago everybody was thinking the trades defense is so banged up. Philly, the season parted for Philly. That's how I was feeling. The Eagles have won nine in a row. Yeah. And they're like, Nope. Hertz doesn't have it. There's not their their kicker keeps missing. Yeah. That freaks people out. Mm. He can't make one from 50 plus. He hasn't made one all year after this game. This last game. The problem is, all right, they barely beat the Panthers and people have to update their expectations of the Panthers.


The Panthers aren't the Panthers of September. No. They're actually kind of good. They're frisky. Like they almost beat the Chiefs. Like they're, they're exactly frisky. They did a, they had a 98 yard drive almost to win a game with three minutes left. I mean, Bryce Young won that game. Legette dropped it. Yeah, I know. We won. And so Eagles fans are like, we suck. Like first of all, the Panthers are pretty good, but then right after the game, AJ Brown, after a win the ninth in a row, they're like, AJ what do you think you need to work on? He is passing. We gotta get better at passing. Jesus. Aj you've won nine in a, like there's some issues with Hertz and I think there's Eagles fans still don't totally believe in him. Just my friends. I, I think he's a really good player. But there's my friends and I think also, and They don't really believe in Sirianni either. Right. Definitely not QB coach. Coach and quarterback.


And also I think AJ Brown is like tired of the sequ shit. Like we passed the ball the least in the whole team. They're, they're ranked last in the league in past attempts. They run it, they have an MVP running back. I don't know if he's liking that either. This reminds me of, I was talking to an nb, There're nine in a row they've won and they're like, they're so, they're pissed. Are they waiting for the collapse? 'cause remember the Eagles were like 10 in one last year. But it was the weirdest Super Bowl hangover where everybody was miserable but they were 10 in one. No, They're supposed to be good. Their defense Is awesome. It's amazing They retooled immediately. This was a theory I heard about the nuggets you made me think of about like AJ Brown being pissed They Yeah, like that. It was like why isn't Jamal Murray playing better? Because Yoko does everything I, this person I know was was saying how NBA, it was just a theory.


It's like those guys are tired of just being like, yage is towel boys and everything's yo and jokey joke is, oh what a miracle it must be to play with Yage. Oh he gets all the stats and like Jamal, Jamal Murray, Michael Porter Jrs, where's mine? I want you too because they already won a title. So AJ bro's. Like enough with the backwards hurdle. We get it. Yeah. Enough with the se one shit enough With the tush push. I don Dunno, it's probably easier when, when the star is the quarterback, when it's the running back it probably rubs AJ Brown the wrong way. He is like, I'm just as good as that guy. I look, I can't play quarterback, but that's true. It's the running back really. It's true. I mean counter is there wide receiver? Who's Bruled? I know we have a lot Of disgruntled receivers. Do we have Bruled receivers?


Jefferson always seems pretty grunted. Yeah. Yeah. Even when he wasn't putting up numbers. Yeah. He seemed happy for Addison. Huge contract. Huge plays indoors. Like everybody loves him. I think Jefferson's, GRU Do you buy Minnesota yet? I know that's been a, we we for three months. All of us who do podcasts and content. Yeah. We're all just assuming this was your classic Viking season where the stats say they should have been nine and eight and they went 14 to three. But No, they went every week. Yeah. Let's have a Sam Donald conversation. I I, It's nuts. So my background in Sam Don is okay. Was supposed to be the number one overall pick.


Fell a little bit. Baker rises up and steal it from that point. Every single coach slash guru, all the McVay's and Shanahan's and like Jordan Palmer types, they all swear that Sam's the man. Oh Donald's incredible. Donald's got it. And as the fan, you're like, he mostly sucks every time we see him it just feels like when somebody keeps recommending this show, you gotta watch this show. It's so good. It's so good. And you're like, it's not that good. They're like, watch another episode. I promise watch Another episode. So was Shit's Creek for me. Yeah. Keep Know. You gotta watch. I'm like, dude, I'm on Three seasons in. I don't like the show. So it's a sitcom. Yeah. The Show is finally amazing. And all those coaches were like, he's amazing. And yet they may just cut bait with him this Year. Well I was gonna ask How it says, I don't know, What do they have to do in the playoffs where, great question.


It becomes a problem for the Minnesota front office thinking, well now what I said to Sal three n FFC championship. What? What happens now? I said to Sal on Sunday's po I don't know how they let him go at this point. Like when you have a quarterback that you're built, your team's built around these two awesome receivers that you have, right? Yep. Yep. You have a quarterback who's clearly clicking with them in a real way, who's made big plays over and over again down the stretch. Why do I have to start JJ McCarthy next year? Why can't I just trade JJ McCarthy? He's the eighth. He was seventh or eighth pit. What was his seventh? Seventh pick? I don know where he was. Top 10. I know he is coming off a torn ACL. Yeah. But you loved him But you think like I'm trading him for a high second and I get to pay Sam Arnold.


I think Sal and I went through all the teams that need quarterbacks. There's probably four legitimate plus maybe Seattle if they don't pay Geno, maybe Purdy. Sure. It's six total. Yeah. I just think if I'm Vegas, I'm paying 'em. They're Like the anti chiefs because no matter how bad the chiefs look, I think to myself, I'm, I'm still gonna bet on the homes. No how, how good the Vikings Look. It doesn't matter how good the Vikings look. I'm like, Hey, in the playoffs I'm gonna bet against Sam. Yeah. We did million dollar pick Thursday and the house was like imploring to me to put the Vikings in a in a parlay. And I was just like, it looks too easy, something's wrong. I don, I don't make me nervous. Nobody likes cousins. And we ended up doing it and Falcon scored seven nothing. And I'm texting. I was like, motherfucker, why'd I listen to you fucking dick?


They Were good early. Listen, same organization, Vikings a few years back. They're in the NFC title game. Their quarterback is Case Keenum. Right. Killing it. Making miracles. That's the Fonde. He's like, oh my god. Keenum. Yeah. Moved on. Went to cousins. It was the right move. Yeah, but here's the difference with Donald. If you're just talking about, what if I have a franchise quarterback, what do I want? Do I want size? Well he has that escap ability, he has that Cannon arm. Has that, is he pretty good down the stretch or when you need him to make some plays? He's done that all year Also. He doesn't say shit. He's like a model citizen. Great reputation Teammates like him. Yeah. I don't know what he's missing. I watch quarterbacks for 10 to 11 hours every Sunday.


And most of them are bad. And he's actually pretty good. The take is very insulting to, to him. Here's the take. Okay. You have Jefferson and Addison and Aaron Jones and Hawkinson and Kocs your coach. Of course you're succeeding. Right? It's the It's the Brock Purdy. Yeah. We put somebody in there. It's the Brock Purdy and you Know how it's gonna go because when he leaves and signs a four year 160 million Daniel Jones contract somewhere else, he's not gonna be good because it's the Kevin O'Connell Yeah. System of making Josh Jobs good for three weeks. And it seems like Kevin O'Connell is like the guru quarterback whisperer now. And I just know Donald is gonna go sign a deal with like, God forbid the Giants or something and be terrible. It's gonna happen. And we've seen CU Cousins won 11 and one as if Vikings quarterback.


Yeah. And they won every and they guess to the play and they lost to Daniel Jones. So that's part of the reason why everyone's like, I don't know Donald, it's, I feel like we've seen this, seen this shit before. That's why you're saying no matter how much they win, you don't believe in him. 'cause they could, we could look up and they lose the wild card round. They're like, what was all That for? Well we said this about Baker last year and then they signed him and he's been good this year. That's true. I, the best thing with Donald is how young he is. What is he like? He's very young. 27, right? Yeah. So yeah, if I were them, I would try to sign him for like a hundred for four years, something like that. Try to get him like 25 a year and then try to trade JJ McCarthy. Mm. But supposedly he heard his ACL again. Yeah. So maybe he doesn't even have the same, it just that to me that feels like the disaster is like we had this guy now we let him go.


Yeah. Because JJs ready and then what if JJ iss not good? Right. And those receivers are like, what the fuck we, I know Donald had 40 touchdowns Is great. Imagine the other way though. They, they trade their, their top 10 pick JJ McCarthy who goes off and has a great career and then next year Sam Donald turns back into a pumpkin and it's like one of the worst front office moves of all time. Yeah. To your point though, let's say the Vikings are like, we love Sam, but we have a very bright future for jj. We want to be in ve. What is the line that the Vikings get to where they're like, well we're in the Super Bowl. We can't get rid of Sam Donald now. Right. Do they have to win it? I, I think if you get, I think you have to get to the Super Bowl. 'cause already Case Keenan was in the title game with him. They've already been that a few years ago. I think if he gets to the Super Bowl, it's, I guess you're coming back, you Know, as a fan, I was in a situation once with a guy by the name of Tom Brady in 2001.


Yeah. But so gets hurt. Brady keeps his job and we're kind of like, is he gonna be the starter? And we'll be like, oh, we'll see what happens. And all of a sudden he won the Super Bowl. This is the first Tom Brady is getting traded. The First Tom Brady, Sam Donalds comp. Yeah. I just, you never know. I Like it though. Yeah, I like it. The thing is, Detroit Detroit's defense mess and I don't see how it really gets better. Right. So at least there's a little bit of a hole there. Philly has all the chemistry stuff. Green Bay, I'm not sure I trust Jordan Love and just in general, I, I wouldn't pencil lemon like Minnesota can play with all of these teams. Those Three teams in the north, they're 28 and three outside of the north. Right. They beat everybody. Like those teams are, They might be the three best teams of the week.


They're up there. Yeah. I think they have, they're all top five teams. Who knows? They're 28 and three when they're not playing each other. So they kick the shit out of everybody. I think the lines of defense is reputation is down right now. 'cause what we just saw, I think they'll be better. I think they'll be back. I still think they're gonna win the Super Bowl. I still think it's the Lions. I would at gunpoint pick them as well. But I don't feel great about it because Lion Over Pittsburgh you think maybe Or chiefs? No, I would still, life depends on, I'm still doing Lions. Casey. Yeah. But I just think right now mid-December, is it mid-December? It is. Well Yeah, I think Pittsburgh is the most complete all around team right now. I don't know what that's gonna mean. Where are you at With Russ? Isn't this weird for you To be saying that Russ? Every fucking week. Great. I know Russ makes three 40 yard plays or gets a pass interference.


There's a play that moves the ball 35 to 50 yards three times a game with him. I know. And it happens every single week. And at some point that's, he looks cool what they do. Yeah. Turnovers. It's the Chiefs get none of those plays. The Chiefs had one 30 year plate at Hopkins and, and he dropped it know, And it seemed like a miracle that they almost completed Russ So bad. Russ is cocky right now. He's doing this like, you know He Yeah, he does. He's talking a shit Touchdown. He gets down on one knee, like points to the side. Has he always done that or is that a new movie? I never saw it. Yeah, he Unveiled, he does a lot of like running over to the sideline and barking at the oc. I know. And shit like that. Have you have, have either of you, have you done the Russ Pop culture comp? Like what, what this is because like I was doing it the other day with Peter. I think it's, it's it's Travolta The Comeback.


Seattle was all of the seventies and eighties. And he is a superstar. He is the coolest rock star ever. Denver was, look who's talking, it's pathetic. And then like four and two, Mike Toman put him in And it was just pulp Fiction and like he's like the coolest guy ever now and can't miss. It's an amazing I would go Lady Gaga. You go, you go Lady Gaga. What? Yes. Got really strong start considered a diva pretty early on. Yes. Did some good stuff. Faded a little bit. And then a star is born was her Pittsburgh. That's big. That's big. That's the four and two Pittsburgh. Yeah. But Then is they gonna end with Joker two? That would be a bummer. Oh Yeah. Craig, you should bring the house down. That's Next year. But I mean you root refer Russ every week. Yeah, he's surprisingly good.


There's just no other way to say it. He's been doing this now for two and a half months. I'm Enjoying it. One week time. Makes place. Yeah, it's great. Over and over And over again. I'm not looking ahead, I'm not looking into the future. I'm just, every, every week I'm having a good time and, and I always would think that Tomlin wouldn't be here for the Russ Theatrics that we used to see. Tomlin's good at that. So affected like I guess he Weird. Every problem. Tomlin looks weird. Yeah. I mean he works with Pickens who's ready to start up Mean Ens. Antonio, The List goes on and on. Pickens is Great. The, the other thing with Pittsburgh, they're kicker. Yeah. Boswell. Is there another kicker you feel better about during any playoff game in bad weather than Boswell? He's like the new Tucker. Oh, I Like he lined up like a 54 yarder yesterday. Guy was making that, He's been that guy.


He's been the best offensive player in the Steelers for the last five years. I think he leads the league in points. Tomlin Boswell. Like I, I can't find the holes. It's really like, who's gonna be that second receiver on third and nine? I know, but Mike Williams had a couple good plays yesterday. Yeah. And Fry with is like, they're, they're really good. They, they're amazing team. It's like the rusting, you see comebacks like they, they suck and you never see when someone's a superstar then sucks. And then as a superstar, again, the only ones I can think of are Kurt Warner who went St. Louis Right. With Arizona. And then the Giants who was like just weird. And then Arizona's the Super Bowl again. And then even a slightly less version of that Carson Palmer was with the Bengals. That's good one. He was with the Raiders and I don't even remember that. And then he was with Arizona and was also on a title game.


But the, the, the good shit And then good again is really hard to Block. Especially happens with quarterbacks 'cause it feels like the wrong offensive line. The wrong coach, the wrong team. And they could just get the shit kicked outta them Yes. For two years and just completely lose their confidence. Yes. Right. It's Funny, Russ has never been paid the right amount based on what his talent is at the moment. Like when he was on Seattle, when he first got drafted, he kinda like started that new rookie, Rookie, rookie, rookie quarterback model Thing. He was making like 700 grand a year. Right. And leading into Super Bowls. Right. Then the Denver thing happens and he's making $43 million a year and he's terrible. Yes. And now he's a great again on Pittsburgh making $1 million a year. I know Denver's still paying him, but, and then he'll probably, I I think the plan is, and I think this is what's the Steelers envision the whole time.


I think they are gonna definitely resign Russ. Mm. No question. Yeah. They just don't wanna pay more than 10 to 12 I'm guessing. I know they have a whole thing. Oh, We also might get Pittsburgh, Denver in the playoffs. That'd be pretty fun. You Talked about the comeback though with him. Yeah. And how unusual that is. Yes. The other thing that's unusual for me, I always feel like quarterbacks hit that point in no return. It just doesn't seem like they wanna get hit anymore. Yeah. Which Rogers was clearly the last seven, eight weeks. He's like, that guy doesn't wanna get hit anymore. Roger Wilson last year to me just seemed like he didn't wanna get hit anymore. That's why when he's a free agent, this, this summer, I was just like, well who cares? The guy doesn't, you know, he's made enough money. He won a Super Bowl, he doesn't want it anymore. I know.


But It seems like he's okay with getting hit again. So I don't know whether Tomlin, I just think Tomlin, Tomlin and Reed to me levitate over everybody else. Coaches and quarterbacks. Yeah. When we do playoff picks to start the season, about four years ago I learned this. I always picked Pittsburgh no matter what picked them this year to make the playoffs. Right. And everyone's like, you're an idiot. They, they have no quarterback. I'm like I know, but just always pick Pittsburgh. They get in the playoffs. Yeah. Always. And I pick McVey now too every year. The Rams just tho it's those coaches. That was Another one that was, was that was another guy with the futures I just did over on the Rams. Yeah. I I get that They only have seven players, but doesn't matter. Yep. Just Pick 'em. As long as they have the QB and two receivers, they can move the ball. But yeah, We always joke that McVay is the, the chef on Chopped and he's making bolognese out of mayonnaise.


And And who's your holy shit team? I have the Chargers. Kyle. Holy, I I have the who'd I say the the Rams. You You said the Rams. Holy shit. This team is in the Super Bowl. Can I, can I have the Holy shit this team, there's no way this team's gonna make the Super Bowl and it's the Houston Texas's You Hate the Texas T. Nah, they're bad. They're not good. The Texas are definitely gonna play a Saturday playoff game like they always do. And it'll be at like one o'clock And it'll, Everyone's gonna pick whoever the other team is. Yes. It's Probably gonna Be the Chargers think it's just gonna make that Browns game last year. Everyone's Like black O Yeah. Sek I think is super overrated. I think Strouds in his own head, big brothering. Every quarterback at midfield and it's completely failed on him. Yeah. Strouds had a tough second half of the season. He had a brew Drake guy. I Think The Ringer fantasy show Hates, hates Stroud.


Big Brothering. One of the most doesn't Understand it. The Caleb moment. You talking about The Caleb Moment? He's done it multiple times. Yeah. Who else did he do? He did, he did with Drake May too. Yeah. Three straight weeks after the Caleb thing. And then he finally got off of it And I, I missed the Drake May one. Yeah. It's been, he's been terrible. He's, He's weighing in with his big picture thoughts on everyone he plays against. Right. And it's like, dude, you're in your second year. Settle down. Yeah. My, I I might go with the charges as well. Probably. I would say just because of their ability to like play cold weather. Herbert's so good. I, the only thing with Herbert is I'm worried that he's gonna get hurt sometimes. Herbert is almost too good of a player. I kind of, I I think he's kind of like the pookah nku of quarterbacks where I'm like, you actually play the game with too much honor.


You don't take you, you don't go out bounds ever. Yeah. Right. If there's a throw and Herbert needs to make it and he knows he's gonna get drilled. Like he will get drilled to make the throw. Nick both put a huge hit on him and that she's gonna Yeah. That leg In it. That was a bad but he had to step in to make the throw. So there, so worry about that. They're eight and five. Baltimore's eight and five. Denver's eight and five for the 5, 6, 7. So the key for the Chargers would have to be to somehow get that five seed and try to play Houston. But I don't know how realistic that is with their schedule. But if they can somehow get, what do they have left That Houston's just dog shit on this cell. Tampa. Tampa, Denver home. Oh now a third and 10 in Houston. Right? Yeah. Lot Tampa, Denver at home for the Chargers. Then at Pat's home Vegas.


Like they could sweep that. Definitely. And Baltimore I think is gonna have a lot of trouble sweeping 'cause they had that weird Christmas situation. Isn't it Crazy? We've talked to playoffs this long. We haven't even mentioned the Ravens. Like they, they're well because We know they're gonna Be there. I know, but what are they gonna do when they get there? Like I don't have them in the Super Bowl. Does anybody that their stocks load Up? It's funny that people get mad about the January Lamar thing. It's like okay has it, when is it not gonna ha like Right. It's just until he doesn't do the January Lamar thing. That's the way it is. The Raven fans are very touchy about him. Lamar Media is weird. People Talk two of media is the worst though. Two fan base. Yeah. The two of people who think he was good yesterday, he was 23 for 37 no picks. It's like, all right, I watched the game.


You're right. Like I, he had 10 terrible throws. Like stop. I don't trust Tua Dolphins. Fans are frosty For sure. No, my the the two, when I think of a TA play in my head it's Tyreek kill turning around to catch an under throne detail. No. Who's your fantasy? MVP this year? Craig Fantasy. MVP. We all overthought Saquon so much. Yeah. Him going in the second and Derrick Henry, the two of them, both of them going in the second round. Everybody was afraid of the new Oh the veteran on the new team thing. Now it's gonna go the other way. Everyone's gonna overvalue it in next year's draft. Yeah. This it's also new run back. It's the most unusual fantasy seasons in history because of what happened with McCaffrey. Yeah. That was so strange. That was super Weird. Well and Haw who just died of natural causes Also just in general with fantasy.


This is the healthiest running back season outside of McCaffrey, which that happened before the season. Kind of in season injuries for running backs. This has been the healthiest season in forever. And I think there's definitely, you know, it was always get a wide receiver in the first round for the last five years. Yes. Next year it's gonna swing way back. Everyone's gonna be back in on getting all these running backs in the first round And it will probably regress back to the mean and like guys will start getting hurt again. I'm in the camp of, and I have, I have three teams, two that did badly and one that's doing well. But I just, I I just wanna have good qbi. That's all I care about. Okay. I feel like I can patch together everything else but like anyone who has Lamar or Josh Allen I know or Burrow in any of these leagues, you're just like fuck that guy's probably gonna win. That's Why you play fantasy.


Yeah. Because of that Allen game against the Rams. Yeah. Right. A hundred percent Just, oh the key point is, is getting a guy who can move. I'm so done with pocket pastors. I drafted golf who's been good. He's been solid. Right. And it SRAs like this too. Yeah. It's been so tough because ba you basically need two 80 and three touchdowns outta golf every single week. Just for him to get, it's not happen Get by Lamar, Josh Kind of Mahomes has turned into that too for different, he's Terrible as a fantasy. Quarterback's probably one of you can't start him. He's The biggest bust that quarterback in fantasy. Yeah. Before we go Yeah New York. 'cause you're in New York Giants versus Jets. Which team is more down? Which franchise Fan base is more down in the dumps right now between those two. I think the Jets fans are a little in shock whereas the Giants fans are like, no, no.


Like I, when I run into people on the street and they're like, oh you're on the football show. And I go, yeah. And the thing I always say to them wherever I am I'm like, oh who's your team? Oh you know Cowboys, Texans, the Giants fans always go Nah Giants. Like they're so apologetic. They paid that point where they're apologizing in a while. Oh no. Yeah. It's just like our show that we do on NFL Network started in 2016. Every single year the Jets and Giants have sucked. They've always sucked. The only one that didn't suck was the Giants team when they went on the boat with the Odell thing. Like that's the only What about the Danny Dimes playoff win in Minnesota? Guess that's true. That Was a fever dream. Yeah. That was talking was they were like nine, eight years or whatever. It was terrible. Yeah. But so I think the Giants fans are like, we know we're terrible and we're embarrassed.


I think the Jets fans were like, they bought some lottery tickets and before they won it they like put a down payment on a mansion and a boat and they're like, I'm gonna win this shit and then match one number on their lottery ticket. And I think so I think they're like their mental health is in question and they're in shock. It sucks. Yeah. It's tough because the Red Sox fans used to be like this too before we won the World Series where it's this rare combination of fatalism and thinking things aren't gonna go wrong. But then before the season like this crazy optimism, it's like how are these two things the same? Yes. Yes. Where it's like March spring training in 2000 be like this is it. Here we go. We win this year. Got a great rotation. The Vegas, the the odds for the Boston team that could always put 'em down because they knew all these dumb asses would come from Massachusetts and be it.


And The Jets were have those fans too that they actually think it's gonna work out. And then there's people like fantasy who's like this is gonna be a beautiful disaster. Sean Had the the best tweet ever. Yeah. But one he keeps retweeting about. It was the day that Jets Niners were gonna play. I love it. I just wanna go on record. I think this will be a complete disaster. Everyone will be fired and Rogers will retire and he is probably gonna be right that like the jet season. It might've been the last great tweet. It might've. It was a great tweet. We talked about that on our show. We even brought up Fantasy's tweet but this season for the Jets was not like a D or a D. It is an F. It is as bad as it could go short of like a tragedy happened off the field like it is an F. But they basically had what, seven one score games that they had the ball Yeah.


In the last three minutes but somehow didn't win any of 'em. And Roger, I don't know how they fixed it either. Roger's Tried his best, you know he has that dock coming out in two weeks. Yeah. Nig my, You can see I, he was trying, I mean he had his first 300 yard game as a jet this week. Isaac. He was trying to hype out. He was on the press tour. He was trying to get, get viewers now what a three and 11 jets team were gonna The ary the funny thing I watched that whole Jets Miami game 'cause I had Miami and a Parley. Okay. Miami was terrible the whole game. Okay. Like they looked like they didn't wanna be there. Right. They looked like they were the team that was three and 10 Rogers looked good for a couple quarter. The Jets were like into it. They were trying to win. They were moving the ball. Yeah. They, they of offense was better and somehow Miami still won the game And it was basically 'cause the Jets as usual just fucked up completely with three minutes left F pretty brutal.


Yes. So what would you rate this season from A plus to F minus for? What's a grade for the season so far through 14 weeks. Oh, just as A whole? Yeah, Just as a whole for content, storylines, excitement, everything. I think it's like a b plus because we have just some really good teams. Like I mentioned that thing in the n ffc north is fun. Yeah. That Bills Rams game we just watched was amazing. That Lions game against the Packers was 34, 31. Like we've got some Rembrandts, we've got some, like when you say what was the game of the year? We have like eight or nine games of the year. And I like that the quarterbacks aren't hurt. Like I Right. Like that's really what I care about. Alan's out there, Mahomes out there, even burrow on a losing team. Like you get to watch those guys, you don't have to turn on the Thursday nighter.


And it's Taylor Heineke versus Mitch Trubisky. I mean we did lose Dayden O'Connell. We lost Dayden. But I heard it's not as bad as we thought. Be coming back. Maybe I'll be back preventative For Aiden O'Connell. Yeah. Yeah. What do, What do you have for a grade? Probably a minus. I see. I think it's been really fun. I mean the Lion's storyline is amazing. I feel like everybody in in in America wants the Lions to win a Super Bowl. Also they're, they're the rare public team that's actually really fun to watch every week. I genuinely enjoy watching their offense when Jamar Gibbs is in the game. I'm like, Jamar, I don't even know I'm on a fantasy team. Do I feel like Domar Gibbs is in? Yeah. You feel like you do The golf storyline's great. The the weird 12 and one chiefs is fun. Saquon going to the Eagles and then maybe breaking the rushing record is unbelievable. I think it's been really, really fun year.


I would be at an A minus, but the Drake May thing puts me at a solid a Mm. I'm just outta my mind about the how fun this Drake may thing's been. Mm. I can't believe he's this good. Right. Already. I just can't believe it. It is really cool. It's, it's crazy that he's this far along and you know, I've had terrible quarterbacks and I've had the greatest quarterback ever. Like, and you just, I don't know if he's gonna be even in the ballpark of somebody like Brady, but he's clearly a franchise guy. Like worst case scenario. I feel like he could at least be like, Herbert, All you care about is you think you got a guy, We have a guy who knows what a Lamb we get that's need football. Well I can't believe I did the B plus thing without mentioning it. I mean I, I think like they a huge, there's two massive blemishes on the season.


The Jets just complete disaster. Yeah. And the bears, I mean the bears are Caleb massive disappointment from start to finish if the Jets are an F the Bears are. Well I thought that New coach, I thought you guys bumped back. Oh no, that was the opposite. Supposed to get the bump. Yeah. Like the Saints got the bump with that guy. The Clogger bumped you back That nine nines Bears game. Tom Brown was maybe the worst game of the year. I mean it was an unbelievably terrible pathetic Game. I think that was the only pick I lost. And it was over five minutes into the game. You Thought the bears were gonna win or I did. I was like, new coach Bump. Definitely they Figured out Caleb just getting rid of the ball fast. They were way worse than they were under Matt Iber flu. So think about that. Like they looked way worse. Like they should have brought Iber flues back. They would've had a better performance. Well It's iber flu sleeve. The defense probably gets worse And then you, you, you promote the guy running the offense.


So now you have a different person running the offense. Right. It gets messy quick. It's, you think gets suckered by that though. Yeah. The locker room was so excited about the new guy and they're gonna be ready to play. They were so bad on that game. Well that was like when Antonio Pierce got the job and they were smoking cigars after the first win and then within nine months Devonte Adams is like, get the fuck outta Here. I'm glad you brought that up The cigars because Like I have landed on this take and I, I say all never hire an interim coach. I don't care what happens. The interim coach is you get out of a miserable marriage, you're just so pissed and there's so, and you like the next girlfriend you meet, you fucking marry her. You don't take her to Cabo. You marry her Day. It never works out. Have her fling do it fine.


Don't, I mean She may be tune the salary, Don't marry. It's Incredible. Watch the Saints win a couple more games and they'll be like, I don know this. Darren Rizzi gets them to compete. Don't hire Darren. Izzy do respect. The only interim coach who actually should have been hired was Pit boss Rich. The Raiders guy. Oh, Rich Tom, cable Rich CIA, whatever. Oh, Versace. Yeah. Versace special teams coach, pit boss Rich Cia. He'd come in with like, yeah. All right guys, I'll be back in 20. Damn right. Changing out 200 they car. They were in the playoffs that Time. Yeah. I like Pit Boss and then I is the special teams coach again. But no, it's, don't ever hire the interim coach. You're marrying the fling after the marriage. It's terrible. Do You My dream is Drake May year two. Yeah. Vrabel Brian, day ball offensive coordinator.


Let's go. Who do you, do you wanna rele? He's not a head coach opening though. Bill Whatcha talking about? Well I'm There. There might be if we lose these last four games, the problem is we're gonna go to Arizona and he's probably gonna throw for like 360 and beat Arizona then may keep his job. Do you want to tackle or a wide receiver in the draft? Thanks for asking. 'cause I've obviously studied a lot. My dad is now wading into the draft waters as well. Just finding out about this Tmac character, this wide receiver. Sure. It doesn't feel like they're gonna be a top, they're gonna be a top five team, but there's no top five left tackle, which sets us up for the trade down, which I'd feel great about if we had an owner that wasn't 83 years old and we had an actual GM and not an interim gm, but it feels like they have to trade back.


Mm. I'm in the camp of, I I would take Hunter if we had the third pick. Mm Really? If he's there. Yeah. He just seems like he's gonna be a superstar Over Over. But I, I'm gonna change my mind on this a hundred times, but like, it just seems like sometimes these guys get in the draft and everybody's just like, that guy's special. And he just seems like that guy's special guy. You could have said this about Marvin Harrison last year though, and he hasn't totally been the best special, but there's no left tackle. This is the one draft where there's like no even like a Joe Alt. Yeah. Probably not one worthy of a top three pick. No. Who's the defensive line guy? There's like an awesome like defensive tackle. That's a, that's another one.


Like when something like that it goes wrong to have like an awesome defensive tackle. It's like Fun. Craig, have you had, have you had some takes on where Shado iss gonna go? Because I mean he certainly feels like a Raider to Me. The Vegas, the father son Vegas thing feels like it's a perfect fit, But It's so Raiders. What if the Giants get the number one pick? 'cause the worst fit of all time is the Mera family and the Sanders family. Oh my God. Not at all. But what if they get the number one pick and he's the guy Raiders feels perfect. The Giants might get it though. Well they almost screwed it up yesterday and then I know the kick or miss, there was a Conspiracy theory that the Shado was tweeting. Thank you Lord. Every time the Raiders lost because he wanted to go to the Raiders. It happened for 11 weeks.


It was perfect. Even when they were on a buy. I saw this thing, you didn't tweet it that week. This is great. But I, the Raiders I think won and then he tweeted it and so it turns out not true. But for, there was a while there where I was like, Shado and Dionne are angling to get to Vegas. Mm. It is the most fun destination for those guys. Yeah, it's amazing. Amazing. The team's a disaster every year anyway, so we might as well have the same And Bowers just sitting right there now. Like he's already has a stud and like let's just have a carnival at D make Dion the coach. Yeah. Why not have Derby the quarterback? It'd be great content. I'd Be, I had somebody who knows stuff. Tell me about the Pats. Like if that job did become available. Okay. They were like, they said, you know, it's actually like a destination job now. 'cause I, Drake may, I was like, it was like I need a cigarette six To midnight bill.


So just gimme a, you have lighter, I just need a cigarette. I just wanna fuck this. But I think with Vegas the fun part would just be having some sort of personality with that franchise. Well We had it in Pierce, like that's the guy. We smoked cigars. I won a Super Bowl, but he just looks miserable now 'cause they hired the interim coach. You don't do that. Right? I can't do it. Can't Do it. I like your theory. Thank you. All right, I'm going A, A minus B plus Kyle Branch. Yes. Great to see you as always Craig. Thanks Craig. Pleasure. Alright, that's it for the podcast. Thanks to Jacoby and Goldsberry. Thanks to Kyle and Craig. Thanks to Kyle Creighton and Steve Ceruti and Jessie Lopez. Thanks to Geha and Jack.


Thanks to you guys for making it through our second podcast of the week. I'm gonna have another one on Thursday. I'm gonna have an NBA six pack. I'm gonna have a million dollar picks. I'm gonna have a guest. Stay tuned. Get ready to buckle up. I'll see you on Thursday.


Must be 21 plus in President select states for Kansas. An affiliation with Kansas Star Casino or 18 plus in President dc. Gambling problem, call 100 gambler. Visit rg-help.com. Call 1 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org/chat in Connecticut. Or visit md gambling help.org in Maryland. Hope is here. Visit gambling helpline ma.org or call 803 2 7 50 50 for twenty four seven. Support Massachusetts. Or call 1 8 7 7 8 Hope ny. Or text Hope and Y in New York.