
This episode is brought to you by Michelob ULTRA, the official beer partner of the NBA. What do I love about the NBA championship? Well, first of all, I love when the Celtics win, but that's not happening this year. But you know what? I really love the drama, the pressure. Everything goes to the highest level. Guys are injured, guys are banged up. Guys are hungry. It just brings out the best of everything. And MLO Bal Ultra is helping you celebrate like a champion with a chance to win your own limited edition championship bottle. Just like those gifted to the NBA players during the championship parade. Enter now at Michelob ULTRA dot com slash courtside slash champs bottles Michelob ULTRA courtside, Victor Solomon Champs bottle sweepstakes, no purchase necessary. Open to US residence 21 plus ends June 22nd, 2025. See official rules@michelobbelcher.com slash rules for free entry prizes and details. Message and data rates may apply void. Where prohibited.


The Bill Simmons Podcast brought to you by The Ringer Podcast Network where you can find Ryan S's podcast. This is our favorite time of year June with free agency in the NBA draft and the NBA finals all happening at the same time, you can find the re watchable, which will be on Tuesday night this week, not Monday night. We are doing Marathon Man as part of New York City Month. Forc. Dustin Hoffman. Larry Olivier. How? Call Larry William Devein. Roy Schneider. Any thoughts on that? Written by William Goldman? Yeah, that's the old story. Where the other Larry o Did he tell Dustin Hoffman to be like, wanna just try acting? Yeah. Oh yeah, we're gonna be covering that. Yeah, he was talking, doing a method acting thing and Larry's like, how about just trying acting?


So there you go. You think you'd be a method actor? I definitely would not. I, I think you could tell from our podcast we both like winging it. We like the improv and the ad lib. Oh, I don't know about that. Maybe with the podcasting, but I could see myself getting into it. Like I get to do steroids. It's a e ESPN talk show host who has a steroids addiction. That sounds great. I didn't realize you're a method actor. Yeah. Or just be like what happened to him? Like he's in Key West, he's just decided he's gonna get like super bloated, glassy-eyed for this role. My favorite Dana Day Lewis Dana. Where he is like doing last of Mohicans and he insisted on helping them build the cabin 'cause he wanted to get into his like late 18 hundreds kind of kind of man about town.


Yeah. I'm not sure there's a podcast I wish could happen more That won't than you interviewing Daniel About all his method acting. Just Because you have a good way about yourself of like not making it pretentious. Yeah. Where everybody else would try to make it pretentious and you'd just be like, what's up with the like are Can you still fix shoes? We're gonna take a, we're gonna take a break. Bring in Pearl Jim and then an action pack. Sunday Father's Day podcast. Next.


This episode is presented by State Farm. It's no secret that great teams need great teammates. I've been saying this for years. And when it comes to Insurance State Farm is there to help you find the right coverage for your home car and more. Whether you need an in-person or a digital assist, they're ready when life hits you with a full court press, get a game plan that helps fit your life. Talk to State Farm today. State Farm with the Assist coverage options are selected by the customer availability and the eligibility vary by state.


Alright, happy Father's Day taping this a little after 10 o'clock PT we thought we might be talking about a Kevin Durant trade instead we got a bombshell. Ow we got a Memphis and Orlando trade where Orlando gets Desmond Bain and they give up four first rounders and a swap. And Cole Anthony and Contavious Caldwell Pop. And I wanna talk about the Orlando stuff in a second. The Memphis piece really jumped out to me because you're basically getting three firsts from a team that's gonna be really good over the next five years. You're getting a swap, but then you're getting this 2026 best of a Phoenix, Washington Orlando swap thing. That is the be the the prize asset.


And yet when you have Jaron Jackson and John Moran and Desmond Bain and you trade Bain and Jaren Jackson has a year left on his deal and John Morant has been, I wouldn't say stable over, It lasts three years and you're in the west with a team OKC that looks like they're gonna dominate the rest of the decade with the Spurs, with Dallas, with Cooper Flag. You go on down the line. This feels like a possible white flag for me from Memphis and maybe not. It lasts trade. What was it? What was your thought on the Memphis side? No, I wanna stay there though. White flag. Like that's saying something when you start like clearly we had it with Golden State where when it was just stacked up and I remember talking to other teams and like Darrel, it was like, hey, at least Darrel's going for it.


Like so many of these other teams in the west go, what's the point That might be the best starting five we've ever seen in the history of this game. And Darrel's like, all right. Well and I remember we had him on and he was saying something like, I don't know if we had, it was, I don't know, the quote came out Was Vegas FanDuel thing. We were talking about him chasing Golden State. Yeah, we did it then. But like in the moment as it was like we'd already been through a year of it. 'cause I thought the Vegas thing was after that because it was Right before, well whatever I gave you your Ball point, right? Yeah, yeah. It was just that Darrell had figured out the math of like we have, you know, 41% chance of playing the Houston Rockets and or the Houston Rockets. I could play Golden State.


Yeah, that was my Darryl impersonation. Sorry. I liked that. You know, sold that a little bit. So, And who a method acting You'd be like, wait, he's taking night courses at M mi t. What do you like? Do you think that, I mean, do you really think that though? 'cause that's a pretty bold statement about a team with a job with a Jaron Jackson in a city where it's like you, you kind of have to feel like you're all in all the time. Like do you think they look around and go, okay, Dallas gets Cooper, Wendy's coming and all these other things and of course you have OKC two games away from this whole thing, which I know we'll spend a lot of time on. That's just a massive statement for front office and ownership to get on the stage page and be like, let's white flag this conference for the next few years.


I don't know any other way to take it. Because like I looked at my Ringer 100 list and Desmond Bain, I had him at, you know, in like the high thirties, somewhere in there, wherever, whatever list you're having, he is one of the best 35 to 43 players in the league in a 30 team league. Right? And you're, whatever the Memphis is trying to do to win a title, you would think it would be built around those three guys. Now they're saying we only need two of them. One of them we can't rely on. The other one has a big contract Coming up. So either they didn't wanna pay all three or this is stage one of a massive blow up. Let's try to emulate what Presti did, you know with the Paul George Russell Westbrook, that whole four year era. Which would mean the second part would be a Jaron Jackson trade.


I have, I looked at everything. I had a really good time this morning. What a Father's Day for me it was the perfect gift to just go in the trade machine and spot track for two hours. I, I think it's a lot harder to move Jah than it is Jaren Jackson because the Jaren Jackson, the fact that he only makes 23 million bucks makes him tradable to every team in the league. Not that every team would need him or want him, but it's just a completely different type of trade. Like you're talking about the Lakers, not that you know, but they could literally get him for Reeves and Rui and all their picks like st It's stuff like that that can't really happen when you're talking about a guy making 45, $50 million a year.


You're a bigger, I think you're a slightly bigger fan of Jaron Jackson than I am. Yeah. And I understand the problems. You've brought it up, the rebounding, the stupid fouls that constantly happen that make some a cat's file decision seem smart and sure. I mean you could get into even different playoff moments of like, is he a coin toss kind of guy? But I mean you're talking about how much easier he is to trade. My argument would be they don't wanna trade. Like you would wanna stay in the Jar Jackson business. And you know, as much time as we spend of trying to predict how teams will sort of manage some of this stuff with the second apron that, you know, we've been on here for a while. Do you look at Bain's deal with what's left on it? I mean it was a pretty big deal five years, 197 million.


Yeah. Although I think Bain at 37, 39, 42, 45 and he'd be 45 million in the 31-year-old season. As opposed to like some of these other deals where you're like, that guy's gonna be making what at 35, 36 with, with everything in the caping at like 1 95 for this year. I still think that's a fairly reasonable contract for a player that I know we both like a lot. I love them. I love the basketball fit for Orlando. Yeah. But it, it might just be like if we're all in on on Jaron and Jah then where, where Am I going if that's my answer? Like, well now this is a commitment to Jerry and John so you think it's like cool you're, you have no chance of being one of the five best teams in the west for the next three years.


If that's your, so you, those are your two guys. You think the Bain thing is, it's not just getting off a contract, it's not just the assets, it's that this is a directional shift Yes. For the franchise. I do. I really do. And I'm not saying you're wrong, I guess. Well there's two ways to perceive it. Either they felt like they couldn't pay Bain Jaren Jackson and John Morano at the same time. Which as we know with this hard cap, which Zach has officially named it a hard cap. And I think I agree with them. This hard cap, you're paying three guys, 40 plus million. Orlando's gonna find that out when Palo's, when his extension comes in. All I, I saw like for the 26, 27 season, you're all of a sudden looking at like a $350 million payroll with the tax.


It's just really hard to pay four guys much less Three I just feels to me like they're like this is a full reboot. Like we gave it a whirl. Maybe we should just be a bad team. Let ja just go nuts for a couple years. Everyone wear his jersey and we'll just be one of the three worst teams in the west. And by the way, I support it. I like, I especially after going to those two finals games in Indie and watching the athleticism and the depth and the youth and you just start thinking about how many teams could play at this level. That's why I love the trade for Orlando because Bane is somebody that could have played in the two games I just went to. Right. That's, that's somebody who could easily, I would hope easily played 35 to 40 minutes on either team in those games.


Yeah. If he's the 35th best player in the league, which yeah, you know, I think he's probably in that 30 something to I, you know, I don't know, I don't know if I had him 43 to mess with your cutoff there, but It's somewhere, somewhere in that rich, There are some incredible numbers for him in in who he's been. I mean the minute he came into the league, he's just makes threes. And there was one number I was looking at today. He's 43% on catch and shoot threes in all five. So since he's coming to the league in five seasons on 43% shooting on catch and threes, that's third best of any player in the NBA pairing that with Orlando's greatest need, which had the worst three point shooting percentage season since we've seen in the league since the 20 15 16 Lakers.


So you're saying it was a need? Yeah. Mean this is, you know, whatever you think of Orlando, 'cause Powell is starting to take some hits if you don't like him. He's an inefficient hog who makes bad decisions. I like him. I think he's a guy whose inefficiency speaks more to the role that he's tasked with of solving a team that can't shoot around him, I Don't think. And he's 21. There's that part too. Yeah. But I don't, I don't look at him as some of the other on-ball guys that are really dynamic where it's like, well you just still haven't figured out a lot of the game. Like I've seen enough from him from college and in these years in the pros where I'm like, I actually think he is a willing teammate. It's just his teammates are unwilling to make any threes.


The Pope signing was a fucking disaster. I mean that guy was invisible who Brought in Well that's why one of these picks I think goes to making Memphis take Pope, take Caldwell Pope. Right. So it's like, it's like basically four picks for Bain and then an extra pick to please take Pope with you with him in the trade I think. Yeah, I mean the picks are 16, the Phoenix first in 26, which, you know, who knows what Phoenix is gonna look like day by day here. The unprotected 28 and 30. I mean it's just so funny when we start looking at these picks, we're like, you're gonna be sitting here in five years being like, oh that's that 30. That's the unprotected from who was in that deal. Be like remember Pope? Well that's my fair with the Derek Way trade I there.


So there's one other piece of this trade that I think really hurts Memphis and really hurts or and really helps Orlando is BA's just a tough motherfucker man. And we think about like the way Presti put together that OKC team and watching them in person for a couple games where none of them talk Caruso's. The only guy on the bench that talks everybody else is just like silent, assassin, competitive guy. And it's like clearly a prototype. They're looking for athletic, silent, assassin. Do your job, keep your head down, work really hard. Bain fits with with Suggs and Paolo and Franz. That's a foursome that makes sense to me from an intensity. Chippiness, little agro Bain gets a little agro from time to time.


Like you think about him in, in like round two of whatever series next year. And that's a team that's almost like the Florida Panthers, like what we're watching, you know, they add Marchand to all these other guys they have who are just agitators and just this physical agitator team and Marchand's just like perfect for that. And Bain just seems like perfect for them. I love the trade. I also thought there was more playmaking from him last year than I thought he had in him. Like I, his assist last season he was over five. When you're over five assist a game. That's not nothing, you know? True. The true shooting percentage is around 601st career. Wow. And you look at the regular season part of this, he's 41% from three in the regular season. He's played 27 playoff games.


The playoff 3% shooting is at 40%. Now. I, I love him 'cause I like him as a player in a vacuum. I like him for Orlando a lot because this team desperately needs some kind of spacing to make it easier on Paolo to make it easier when you're swinging to the other side For Franz Suggs clearly is so important to this team because they fell off a cliff. I do not understand some of the stuff that they do offensively. I'll never forget that regular season game where I think it was Ty Jerome and Sam Merrill shout out to Sam Merrill, but they were at the front, they were at the top of a zone that Cleveland was running in Orlando with all of their size. Still couldn't figure out a way to do anything. They're just not very creative offensively.


So I don't know if that's lack of point guard or Paolo not being along if You want. But don't think Ben can help that a little bit though. 'cause I I do feel like he can initiate some offense, run some pick and roll. I I I really like the fit. Yeah. 'cause the catch and shoot guys usually that are this good, it's kind of like you catch, you shoot muscle memory and then that's pretty much it. And he's able to provide that with somebody that can put the ball on the ground and can probably swing it and make some decisions. You know, back to this kind of thunder ideal of of of the ideal thunder players. The way I should say it of that, once the ball's in your hands, we trust you with every decision you're gonna make after that. And Bain definitely fits that. Now if you wanna say, you know, I I I just always get annoyed when it's like, oh he only has one year left.


It's like, what's he worth? And then it's like, oh that contract. It's like, well what do you want? Do you want somebody under your contract or do you want the flexibility of not being under contract? Because I think the headline part of it is it's for and a swap for Desmond Bain, but It's about the for people don't watch basketball. I mean come on. I would do this in a heartbeat. It's three non lottery picks. It's the number of 16 pick this year and the pick, which is a prize. Yeah. The Phoenix pick, which if Phoenix does all right on this trade is Yeah, but you like Paolo the most, this is a bet on Paolo. Like this is like we have Palo, we're gonna be in the mix every year 'cause this guy's gonna be one of the best 15 guys in the league.


So I think that's when, that's when I don't really care about the picks. Like if the Celtics had done this with Tatum in the early 2000 twenties, I would've been like, I don't mind it. Like I, we have Tatum, we're gonna be in the mix, you know? And I, I think Palo is at least an in the mix guy now. Especially in a, in a crippled east. Yeah, I know. It's just five years out. That's all. I mean you never know what's gonna happen. We sit here all the time being like, oh this team team or this guy and all these things. Or like even sitting here pretending like the thunder, like no one's gonna challenge him for five years depending on how the rest of this week goes here. So it I've, I sense that there's some resistance to like people made fun of the Bridges deal because of all the picks. It's like Bridges hasn't even made an all star team, but the Knicks probably felt like at that point we know we can't pay Hartstein so we're gonna lose him.


Yeah. And so can we reinvent this thing with another wing going all in on the picks and just go all in now because we actually like with Mitchell Robinson, the other four, so who's, who's the fifth guy or with Hart that we like the five guys, who's the sixth guy? So Bain fits such a desperate need for this team that it's probably worth the extra pick, you know, if it had been just the 28 unprotected and not the 30 30 unprotected. Does that sound a little bit better? But I don't know who they're bidding against. I don't know what the rest of it is. And he's a really good player. He's a really good player for a team that desperately needed to figure something else out because KCP, even though he is making, it's not half, but he's 22 million the next two years. He just was such a massive disappointment.


Which by the way should be another one of those deals where if you're a team thinking about trading for anybody that's not yoic with Denver, I might just, if I were running a team, I'd go, even if I like this guy, I don't think I'm gonna trade for anybody post yoic. 'cause you have no idea what their actual talent is playing with Yoic. That's, I like that theory. Yeah. So Michael Porter B buyer beware. Yeah. I mean Aaron Gordon's a perfect example of the other side of this, which Orlando and Orlando fans had to hear this shit and it's like, I can't believe they traded this guy. Like, dude, what did you think the market was for him? Right? And now he's playing next to Yoic in this awesome baseline role and now he's become a better shooter. So I mean this is a different conversation but I, I think the, the Senate summary is we're aligned on this.


He fits such a just awful need for this team that I'm okay with the price. Even if it feels a little bit like Andrew is throwing a lot in in there. Yeah. And who, like, who are the other type of people if they're gonna make a trade like this that you'd wanna go after? It's basically Jalen Brown, maybe Anna Nobie, right? Nicks aren't trading with Orlando. I don't think the Celtics are trading with Orlando either. So if you start thinking about kind of guard, big guard who could also maybe guard some, some small forwards like perimeter guys with size who hit threes, who complete defense, who were tough. This is probably the number one draft pick. I had two bigger reactions other than that Memphis one.


This to me is a blood in the water trade for the Eastern Conference. And this is why I don't think Min Milwaukee's gonna trade Giannis either. I think everybody who's in the Eastern Conference has to look around and go, we might be able to make the finals next year. Like Tatum's gonna be out. Look at what Indiana, Indiana was 10 and 15 after 25 games. I know there are real reasons for that but, and they're, they've won 14 playoff games. Who knows what the Knicks. The Knicks seem like they're a mess right now. The niche are gonna be good. I mean this whole coaching thing is funny to make fun of them, but they're gonna be good. I know, but I'm just saying if you go down the line of who are these slam dunks like Cleveland, we still don't know what, What the Roster rosters gonna look like.


Nobody's afraid of any of them. Yeah. Even Indiana and I as good as Indiana's been, I don't think anybody's going whoa. Like you would with OKC. And I think, I think that's why Milwaukee keeps Giannis at least until the December, January, February range. If they're, if they're horrible and it looks bad, maybe they look differently at it. But, but I think with this, Orlando has to be looking at this going, we might make the finals next year with this team. Especially if we can get one smart free agent signing. You know, who knows, who knows we have Palo. What if he makes a leap? What if there's like an Ann Edwards going from here to here kind of jump or Halliburton going from here to here. So that was, that was one thing.


And then the other one, it just confirmed to me that I don't think Milwaukee's gonna trade Giannis. I just think if you're them, could you, could you talk yourself into can can Giannis do a 2018 LeBron and just win three rounds by himself? You know, maybe you scared anyone in the East. I'm not. So that's it. So Orlando threw that. Who, which roster would you rather have right now? Orlando or New York? Orlando I think We did when we did the next five years thing with the Pacers before, I think everybody kind of fell in love with this Pacers team. And I think that's, despite the loss, which I know we'll get to just, I know you were in the building and after game three you're like damn this team is just, you know, this team is, they really are something else.


They have an Yeah, right. And I was like, would I still take this roster over Cleveland's roster? You know, I'm battling with it. But when we did that exercise, I thought it was worth bringing up Orlando before the Bain part of this. So yeah, it's gonna be expensive with Frans, with Suggs, with Paolo and Bain. Which a different way that that's, you know, the Pacers kind of hit this right with the timing a lot of these contracts too because if you were gonna start resigning these guys and keep it longer term, then clearly the salary would be a lot more. Yeah. But yeah, I, I think you're right. And by the way, like as bad as it can be in Milwaukee, it can't be that bad because of how special Giannis is.


So the other thing in Memphis, did you see that sneaky Edie injury that they announced a couple days ago where he is out for like five to six months? Maybe they were like, they're gonna reevaluate in four so they might not have him for the whole year. Brandon Clark's coming back from a knee injury. But I, I think he's gonna be fine for the season. They have no idea what Ja and then the Jaron Jackson piece, I, you know, I put it this way, if they decide to auction him out, like I was thinking Utah is Utah honing him up the fifth pick and Collins and more first to be in that conversation, I would assume Houston a lot of the same Durant stuff with more picks Detroit, if it's Tobias and Ron Holland and like all their first and swaps and they just go all in on trying to add him.


Brooklyn Claxton, here's, we have a shitload of picks. How many do you want the Spurs? Could they, could they figure out how to get him without giving up the second pick? And then I, I hate mentioning them but man, if, if the Lakers put Reeves and Rui in their 31st and some swaps and the 32nd first, like I think it's a conversation. I really like Reeves. You know, so I that's one the teams I was looking at. But I mean clearly on the asset part of this, it's about the picks. It's not about Pope's contract. And Cole Anthony who we should probably mention at this point because it's been this far into the discussion of it, Cole's, Cole's like a really nice off the bench guy.


He probably don't want be in your starting point guard obviously. But Cole Memphis ties too for him. What's that? He's some Memphis. Right? Because I remember Veno loved him. Was it just Veno? No, in the draft. He, there was something with him in Memphis. I can't remember like his, maybe his, No, we need to, we need to get it on this. I don know we we can, we could talk, I could look at it during the break. Veno was like the biggest Cole Anthony fan. So what would you do with Jackson? I like the Utah part of it because you know, the whole Bain conversation is you're sitting there, you're going like, all right but don't we wanna wait for like somebody who's just a little bit better if we're gonna go all in with all of these picks.


It's like a lot of times you're just sitting there waiting around and you go, all right, cool. You waited. Yeah. And then no one else became that available. You know, it's is is it like the Bridges conversation where you go, well sure it'd be nice to have all these picks for like a top 10 guy but waiting around for this top 10 imaginary scenario where we outbid everybody else and the guy definitely wants to come here and stay. Like that's a really, it's probably, it's it's likely a stupid plan because the idea that it's gonna just follow through the way you had planned it out for this one specific guy and this certain tier, it's just chances are stacked against you that that's going to happen. So if you're a Utah and you go okay, we need something that's heading in the right direction, you know, if if the draft goes the wrong way and K nipple's gone and VJ's gone.


I Love it. I love that you did that. Is K nipple gone at five? 'cause I feel the same way, right? I think Utah would be devastated if K Nipple was gone Unless they want fears and they go this is great, we wanted fears the whole time. But that's another guard, another really young guard. 'cause he cla reclassified like Cooper did and you know, you can say whatever you want in the press conference. Like there's a lot of teams going, we are not rebuilding anymore. We are going for it. You're like, you guys won 32. I'm not even talking about Utah but like I've heard it a lot. I mean it felt like the Pistons were saying that year after year after year and look and then it finally happened and we all like where this Pistons team is right now. So you wonder if there are teams that have been bad now for a while that would look at Jaron Jackson the same way Orlando looks at a Bain and I like Jackson better than Bain.


But if they would look at him and go, you could do a lot worse than going all in on somebody this young that's this talented, I think showed you like the full repertoire of his scoring possibilities. It'd be nice if he was probably with a more athletic five. Can I get like seven rebounds a game from him? Yeah, I know, I know. You're probably not going to, so I, yeah I, but I don't know if this means Memphis is tearing the whole thing down and that would just lead to like, what's the jaw market or is is jaw the best? Because I used to joke that like if I Were taking, it's the job market, you're, you're looking at like Brooklyn, Washington teams like that. Part of the problem with trading a franchise point guard is that 22 of these teams have a franchise point guard or a point guard they love, you know, you go on, if you go on trade machine and just be like, oh John, that'll be easy.


And then you go through every team and it's not newly as easy as you think. Even if you talk about like, oh maybe the Equippers would take 'em. Okay well who are they giving back and why is Memphis trading J for like James Harden and Zoo bots like not happening. I do think Brooklyn Brooklyn's the most interesting summer team just 'cause I have no idea what they're up to. They have all these picks, they're gonna have potentially a hundred million in cap space. I dunno if they wanna be good right away, maybe they wanna tank one more year. Maybe they wanna be the way station for other teams crappy contracts and do what Presti did. But it also feels like there's a way for them to just supercharge it. Be like, we'll take Jah. You're souring on him, you're rebuilding.


Okay, we'll put him in, we'll put him in Barclays, we'll get people excited about him. There was another thing. So conspiracy Bill, not quite, it's like his brother just kind of, I'm mildly intrigued his cousin. I'm mildly intrigued. Bill. Yeah, Wayne. So that Phoenix pick being in the trade did make me wonder 'cause they, they like, we're gonna talk about Durant later. I Like this. And the Durant trade would be Jalen Green, I assume Jalen Green, Jabari, maybe Cam Whitmore, they give Phoenix back their 27 pick and it's something like that, right? But then what does Phoenix do with Jalen Green and Devin Booker could that then lead to, they trade Jalen Green to Memphis and get their other pick back And then it's basically they have Booker Jabari Smith and all their picks back.


It was just, just a, a mild Wayne, my cousin Wayne just was mildly intrigued by it. Or that's not what I thought you were gonna do. What, What'd you think I was gonna do a booker to Memphis? Did Orlando do the trade? Because they have a good feel on what Phoenix is going to get for Durant and they go, well look, Phoenix is still gonna be competitive. Like to what? Playing a playing game level where they're, I don't see it. You think they're gonna be one of the five horse teams in the NBA at The west? No, I think they're gonna be one of the five horse teams in the west. They're gonna trade the record Wise. Can we both agree that if they get, if Jalen Green is the centerpiece of a Durant trade and it's Jalen greed and Devvin Booker together, that's not a playoff team because I'm willing to sign that in in right now you're not making the playoffs.


Those are your two best guys. I'm not saying I do not make make that mix that mix at all. We would agree, but I'm, I'm wondering if they have Another Mix. I feel good about their intel if they have an understanding that Phoenix, however, they're gonna try to put the pieces together for 25, 26. If they're including that pick. Does that mean they feel like, all right, well Phoenix will have, you know, a 6% chance of the number one pick. You know, they're not gonna be completely bottom and booker's probably too good. And you probably feel like you owe it to him to be competitive. I mean I guess we could pretend that Beal's on the team. Well You're looking that Atlanta situation where it makes no sense to bottom out.


So you're basically grinding your way to 39 and 43 or whatever. It's that's what I'm Talking about. Yeah, Yeah, Yeah. Now I don't know if there was another version of where Phoenix goes nowhere, we're just gonna tear the studs down around Booker. 'cause you would just think as much as Booker seems to love it there and you know, says all the right things and you know, I, I think it's a lot easier to say those things and say that you're on the same page until you're actually like living in it again. And I don't know how happy he would've been long-term was Sarver and all the stuff that was happening until Chris Paul comes in and saves the day and then they're competitive. They're playing an NBA championship. So now it like that window of three or four years of being competitive, maybe it revives you a little bit, but then if you're going back into it, but, you know, I could do a weekend, I could do a Marathon podcast on trying to figure out what we actually think the best and worst assets are of all the Durant rumors that we've heard.


Because you're right, if the headline is segment, you got Jalen Green, you're like, you can't do better than that. But then you'll hear something that's like so hands untouchable. You are like sohan, we like Sohan untouchable. Yeah, he's, he would not be untouchable for me. Jaren Jackson. I was trying to figure out what his trade value would be knowing that you're gonna have to pay him in a year. Would you rather have the second pick or Jaren Jackson? If you're San Antonio. Yeah, I think that's A tough one, right? I think I would rather have the second pick. 'cause I think both of us think Harper man, I, I did an all day rookie deep dive yesterday in the top eight.


Yeah, I was getting the text, I didn't even know what to do. You were so excited I couldn't keep up with Him. Yeah, it was, it was an all dayer, it Would probably the unknown of hoping like what Harper is now projecting, like, okay, if this guy really figures it out and how seamless it feels like his college game and just one year as a freshman, just all the stuff that you see with him, you're like, okay, well that's an NBA thing. That's an NBA thing and the price control, all that stuff. You probably would rather have the number two pick with Harper. But it's not, I think it's, it's not like I would personally rather have number two pick. If I, if I'm San Antonio, I just want Wim Yama and Harper and all the rest of the guys. I'll figure it out later. Fox, you name it.


I, I just know like, gimme these two, I'm gonna build my team around these two, even Castle, who I really like. I would be like Weby Harper, maybe Castle. And I would just be watching this OKC Indiana series on a loop going, what kind of team do we need to put in a game like this athletically, from a playmaking standpoint, from a shooting standpoint, what does our team have to look like? I would rather have the number two pick. But yeah, that's the thing. If, if, if they just go, Hey, we're gonna resign Jaron Jackson, we have all these picks. Maybe we'll make a move, maybe not. And we're gonna build around John Morant, a guy that everybody in Memphis loves and one of the 30 best guys in the league in Jaren Jackson.


That's our team. I don't, I don't think people would be upset about that, but I don't think they're making round two of the playoffs anytime soon. Do you if that in the West? Come on. No, I don't think so. I I would think there's a lot of teams that really like Jaren Jackson, but a lot of the value of all of these picks, especially when we're talking about lottery picks, it's okay, you know, but if I hit it right, you know, the value of the unknown, the value of talking yourself into like the biggest ceiling ever for a player. Because you haven't seen anything yet on an NBA court that tells you that somebody can't do it. So, right. The unknown always feels like it's more valuable than the known, which is probably a mistake in a lot of these transactions because I love Jaron Jackson.


You know, I, I really do. I if it were just in a vacuum, like who would get more calls if you said, Hey, Jaron Jackson or Bain's available Jackson's getting more calls. Right? You're not saying that. Wow. Wow. The one year left on the deal makes me nervous. I I love that Bain is just, here's this contract. Let's say this, let's say this. 'cause all right, fine, but this kind of gets back to the whole, like, that's a lot of money here. Oh, he could leave in a year. What if Jaron Jackson is telling you like the aka transaction with the Pacers. It's like, I'm in, I'm gonna, I'll, I'll resign with you. So if you know, you can get Jaron Jackson resigned versus Bayer to be in, let's Say you're gonna resign me, but I expect something in the high forties, low fifties.


And I'll be like, so 50 million a year. So that's 10 million per rebound a game. That's what, that's what we're pricing out. Is it 9 million per rebound a game? I don know. I just don't think he's a $50 million player. I don't, now that doesn't mean he's not gonna get it from somebody, but I just think with this hard cap now if you're paying him $50 million, it's gonna be really hard to put a winning team around that. Let's, let's take a break because there's a lot more to discuss, including the KD ramifications of this trade.


This episode is brought to you by Michelob ULTRA. One of the best things about summer, all the different sports going on. You might be playing volleyball, golf, tennis, baseball. Who knows? There's so much to do. If you really wanna have some fun spice things up with MICHELOB ULTRA as the prize, 'cause winning always tastes better with ultra on the line. I'm a big tennis guy, especially during the summer. Nothing better than a couple sets. Sweat it all out. The ultra's waiting for you. Don't do this with pickleball because you shouldn't play pickleball, play tennis. That's what the real people play. Play tennis have an ultra superior's worth playing for. You can fill your fridge with MICHELOB ULTRA this summer@doordash.com. Super easy. ENJOY RESPONSIBLY. Copy copyright 2025 Anheuser-Busch Michelob Botcher LIGHT BEER, St. LOUIS, Missouri.


All right, Celo, I looked at FanDuel, they had the odds for the year 2026. NBA champion O KC is plus two 20. Cleveland is plus eight 52nd best odds. The Knicks are plus nine 53rd best odds. The Pacers are 12 to one. Celtics are 14 to one. I'll book that bet. Orlando is 16 to one odd. Denver, you're Gonna the Celtics to be NBA champs next year? No, I would book if somebody was gonna be that. I'll book that action. You'll you'll take it. Yeah, I'll take that Action. My bad, my bad. Orlando 16 to one with the, with the 1, 2, 3, 4, 6 best odds in the conference.


Seems kind of excessive. I would, I would have them, I'd probably have them second behind Indiana, right? Or would you have Cleveland over them? They're in the top three. Cleveland's still too talented for Vegas to just completely write them off. So Especially after 64 wins. Yeah, you're right. Anyway. 16 and one for them. I'm trying to think for them to actually win some rounds next year. Anthony Black would have to go to two other levels. I assume he is the fifth guy especially 'cause now they've traded Cole. I don't, unless there's some free agent I'm not thinking of. Or maybe it's like They got like a Luke Kinnar type or something. But they're still gonna need that fifth guy out there in these crunch times with those four.


And I guess it's gonna have to be Anthony Black. What'd you, what'd you see from him last year? What did you like and not like? I, I liked him. I think there, there's probably moments as a rookie where I was like, oh, this guy's gonna be pretty good. And then there wasn't enough progress from year one to year two with him. Yeah, but I still like him. I like his playmaking. I like his unselfishness. But I mean the key for him is, you know, like the whole, remember like two years ago we're sitting there with Jonathan Isaac and we're like, this guy's awesome. Is this Bill Russell in the time machine? Yeah. Machine. And you are like, oh, this team can't play another non shooter.


Yeah. Like this is a, a complete disaster. And that's kind of the problem with black, at least for the second year and the regression. I mean he was under 40% from three, granted only taking one and a half a game. You know, that's a bit like some of these bigs, it's like that guy's a 40% shooter from three. It's like, yeah, he takes like one a game so it's not really a thing. Even though the number is nice. And he was 32% from three this year taking two and a half a game. So the minutes jumped up. You know, he didn't start a lot of games. He played, I, I still think there was enough there. I just feel like maybe that rookie year I was more excited about him and then I expected a little bit more this year. And it, it's not just about the shooting. I think he's a smart player. I think he's competitive. Probably still needs to fill out a little bit more.


But he's not playing. He's not closing. Yeah. You think he's closing with Paolo Bain? I don There's Probably A veteran, right? There's a Derek Fisher early two, 2000 tens Type of No have Before. Yeah, it's, but it's, it's the four and then whoever the center is and Wendell is underwhelming. I think it's safe to say. Well so you think it's mo the four guys? It's with the, you think it's the four guys with a center and they don't even play a point guard. Yeah. Well what do you, what do you think it's Franz and Paolo were playing, Suggs is playing, Bain is playing. So then it's who's the center? Do you seriously think they'd run that? I, I would want somebody that I know in certain situations could play CrunchTime.


If I wanted to go small with Paolo and Franz basically as my quote unquote bigs, I would, I would want the flexibility to do either depending on who I'm playing. Because like what if I'm playing Indiana and game six and they just go small and put topping at the five and they have three guards and I basically have no guards out there. I'm in trouble, you know, mo minutes. I, I mean bot's been a nice little story. Remember they like spent their money last year too. Still Mad advertising pace and then doing, I thought, I thought he was, thought he was a little reckless in the Boston series. I'm still mad about it. Some elbows flying around. Well the other part of the odds for Orlando is people are probably thinking like even with Bain, it'd be nice to see him win a series, right?


For Yeah, I'm Gonna, and they're really young so you know, it's not like they had all these massive expectations. But I'm gonna just say a couple teams for John Morant and you tell me when to stop. Okay, So these are teams. Memphis is calling and they're dangling John Morant. And the other team is not saying no thanks, they're saying really we're gonna talk amongst ourselves. We'll call you back. All right. And, and I'm not gonna say every team in the league and I'm not gonna say teams that can't trade for them. Atlanta Is Trey gone?


I think Trey has to be in the trade, right? What are you doing if you're playing Trey and Jah next to each other? No, I think Trey has to be in the trade going to Memphis. Yeah, That's right. But I, I just wanted to be sure like what you Yeah. Trey and Jah together would be an, an attempt to just completely ruin your brain during League Pass. I'd watch it. No, I like actually the whole thing was test driving Jaw and Trey. Right. Alright. So John Atlanta seems like a good fit though, just in general. How about Chicago? I'm not totally against the, you know what though? You can't because Trey is a more stable guy that you can also count on who plays games.


You're Still thinking about the Atlanta trade. Yeah. 'cause I mean that one just, I mean I was a little frazzled here when I, I was so ready for you to say something positive about the Celtics. I completely misinterpreted a very normal phrase of like, I'll book your bets. But I just expected, I was like, wait, you're still, it was like breaking news to me here in June of 25. I was like, did Bill talk himself back into believing that they're a sneaky east contender? He did not. And the answer is emphatic no. And I'm so pre like Yeah, I know. You're So Conditioned to think that you were gonna actually, I got so excited. I was like, he actually thinks they're gonna win the east next year. That I should have totally understood. Based on the phrasing, it was like, no, you want people to make that bat. Alright, so back to Atlanta. 'cause I can't get over this one yet. I, let me throw it back.


Even if you think like peak jaw is better than Trey. Even if you don't like Trey, his stability, you, you would never do this. Even if you thought like, okay, but jaw, there's like a little bit more of a, I'm not even sure if there is that much more of a ceiling, but like does Jah feel like a bigger star? Which is kind of a dumb conversation anyway. Ja Higher ceiling because he's, I think if his head's on right, he is a better player and he also means more to Memphis. Which is the other reason why it's tough to, I mean as Veno has talked about many times, everyone in Memphis owns a Ja jersey. So if you're trading him, as stupid as this sounds, this does have luko getting traded from Dallas kind of vibes where people are like, you traded Ja, he's, everyone loves Ja.


So if you're gonna do it, you have to get a good trade back. I think Take out the fan base part of it too. 'cause that's like the superstar conversation. That's a little different. 'cause it's like Ja at one point felt like he was tracking towards being one of the faces of the league. I know that may might not Be yet. He's only, he's only in his mid twenties. He's still, I'm over As a basketball player. I, I just, I'm over his very predictable approach, predictable approach to all this stuff. I think he's gonna get hurt all the time. And I think he's delusional. I think he's a very delusional guy. I Would, I would personally trade him Chicago. So I guess that would be like Kobe White. I'm not done yet. Picks not done yet. You don who In Atlanta? Yeah. Who would you just rather have like not Trey's appeal in Atlanta?


Not I'd, I would rather have Trey, At least I know what I'm getting. Chicago I guess would be like a Kobe white some picks. I, I don dunno how that makes sense. Is Your, is your pitch on this that you are kind of, if things go the right way, you're kind of getting a star, a very discounted Star? No, my pitch on this is a jaw trade is a lot harder than people think. If people are like Memphis, it's gonna blow it up, they're gonna gonna trade John Jaren. Like we're going through the teams now Miami. So I think Hero would have to be in that trade Plus picks to get Memphis to do it.


I don't know. Is is Miami rolling the dice with Ja Morant? I think they'll roll the dice on somebody. That feels like a real, okay, So going out. So we finally have a guy. Yeah, I think Miami makes sense. Alright, Miami first team Toronto. Keep hearing Messiah. It's ready to do stuff. It's gonna be aggressive. Don't count them out. Don't treat for Durant for a year. They don't even he he did it with Kauai. Yeah he did it with K when he had like a 57 win team. He did with Kauai. He didn't give up a lot for Kauai. Have you gone back and looked at that deal? I mean you probably remember it De de Rosen and Jacob, Right? And it was a top 20 protected pick. That was Kel and Johnson at 29.


Yeah, You do that trade every time For one year. And they also won the title. I'm gonna rule out Toronto, Brooklyn. I'm not ruling out, You're ruling out Toronto for JI just don't think they have anything to give up. They're not trading Scotty Barnes for and the rest of this stuff they have, they're not getting up Quickly. No. Brooklyn. Yes, Charlotte would have to be Lalo for Jah, which I think we've discussed on seven podcasts at this point. It's a fun one. Not against it. It's a good Who says no? I think Charlotte probably says no ultimately, but it's a fun one who says no. Why? You seem like you're percolating on that one.


Just picking all of my favorites here, you know, And then Washington it, that just feels wrong. It is because it is wrong. Yeah, that just, that's not the rule for them. Just brought, yeah, This for an office group. I mean I know it wasn't yesterday, but I think Jah kind of disrupts the, the team that trades for Jah, and this used to be the old Westbrook thing is that I know he puts up numbers and he's talented. I personally feel this way about his approach to basketball and, and the flaws and how he fits in. Like you have to hand the keys, you give him the entire franchise and you only do that if you feel like you have been a stale franchise for a really long time without any direction or any kind of plan.


And before Orlando hit desperate. Yeah and like before Orlando had hit on, you know, Frans and then winning the lottery and getting Paolo and be like, okay, we have real building blocks here. Who knows how it's gonna figure out. But like there was, there was different years ago, different landing spots of like Westbrook. It's like would Westbrook tour Orlando like work? You know, hey just you've got, yeah. That you've got Attraction that. Yeah, But it happened in Washington so you could argue like it kind of happened in Washington. It would at least feel like there's a three to four year plan here for the Wizards where you're a year in and you'd be completely derailing everything you've been, you know, hypothetically mapping out here by saying like, okay, now we have John here and, and good luck.


It'd be the most wizard move in a while. So then you go through the West and there's a lot less candidates. There's really just one team that jumps out because I don't think New Orleans, it doesn't make sense and I don't think Utah would do it either. Sacramento, everything you just said about a desperation, a malaise, make it a big swing. Not being afraid. They check a lot of boxes for a jaw trade. I think Saboni probably has to be in it because I don't think otherwise, I don't think you're getting them for Levine and picks or whatever. They don't really have a lot of assets. But maybe it's a three way, but that's the only other team I looked at. The point is, I think a job trade is hard for them.


Yeah, I think Vivek would do it. I think he would too. Yeah. I think that's the kind of thing that he would wanna do. Like I thought did a really good job of that team. But I, I feel like there's, you know, like a lot of these teams, like sometimes you're like, what happened there or what went on there or whatever. And like we always have to remind ourselves, a lot of times the owners go say like, Hey this is what I wanna do or this is what I'm gonna do here. They bring in Scott Perry. So our Scott and Vivek aligned enough that it's like, hey, we're a little flat here. We were close. It was new for us. Like light the beam, all the, like they had some real momentum there. Yeah. But you knew that that was like, that's not a high ceiling team. But this is kind of fun that they're even in the mix considering their history and where they've been and that now like that building towards something, it's likely like, hey that was it.


That was all it was gonna be. And you know, Fox is Out the game seven against Golden State. Yeah. That's where it landed, right? Steph had, yeah, 51 Other thing I was thinking, could Memphis get a little sideways Frisky Maybe be, maybe be no man. No man land it, no man's land. It. I don dunno what the phrase is. KCP and Brandon Clark to Denver from Michael Porter Jr. And they say fuck it. And then if you're Denver, you save salary and you get two pieces for one, you get outta, It lasts two years of Porter's deal. And if you're Memphis, you're like, let's take a firearm.


The guy's talented, put him in the Bain spot. Maybe he can capture 85% of his scoring. And then we just got all these picks Because whoever's trading for Porter, I like what you did there. Thank you. He can't ever be expected to be anything more than your third option. Right. That's the best case scenario. And if you were to bring him in being like, we're gonna have him wait, he's gonna be, you know, you just already see the headlines that are fake. We're gonna get him more in the actions. Yeah. Right. He just needs more touches. Yeah. He's a feel guy. And when it's right, it's beautiful and it's, it's nuts what he can do. Six, 10, those pull-ups off the dribble when it's right, you realize why this guy for a very long time at a young age was, was projected to be this dude.


And there's always these glimpses but him kind of, back to the other thing we were talking about him not with Yoic somewhere else. If you think that you're two manning it and Porter's your one or two every single night, you just, I don't even know how many teams would even think that, but I like what you did there for Memphis. Thank You. Well there's a bigger picture thing that ties into that Jalen greed train. I mentioned earlier The one that didn't happen, The one that hasn't happened yet. And maybe by the time this podcast goes up, ano get traded as somebody else and this whole section will be moot. But I do think, and it, there's a second piece of this that I wanna talk about, about why I don't think there San Antonio, why I think something is changing about their philosophy of what to do.


Big picture. I think it makes the most sense for Durant to go to Houston and the trade that makes sense has to have Jalen Green in it from a salary standpoint. Which Jabari, who I think both of us really like, maybe Whitmore is in it and they give Phoenix back their 27 pick. We like, I think we like Jabari, but we're running outta Patients. We realistically like him. Yeah, yeah, yeah. But if they can then flip green to Memphis and get their other pick back and Phoenix can at least write the ship for the next two years, that gives them a lot more flexibility with Booker to be a little more patient. And maybe they could do what OKC did with SGA where, remember S-G-A-O-K-C was just sitting him for two years basically.


There was one year where he just, after the all star break, we just didn't see him again. They just pumped it on two years. I don't know if Sarrow would've the patience to do that, but it leads to the KD thing, which I think we have to talk about because it feels like that's gonna happen pretty imminently. The the, he said the three teams he would sign an extension to was reported last night were San Antonio, Miami and Houston. So the two Texas teams in Miami, Minnesota, I don't think could ever figure out the Gobert. Vincenzo. I just don't think they had enough. The salaries were weird. They're both hard cap teams and I thought it was gonna be San Antonio. Okay, so where are you on that? Because a week ago you were heavy on San Antonio.


I was. And I'm not calling you out for it, I just wanna know, like tell us of your journey. It lasts seven days. Let's say we're working for the Spurs, we find out we have the number two pick Harper's. Clearly the second pick, I think we can both agree. And now we're just crunching Harper tape for a month. And at some point we look at each other and go, what are we doing? This guy's clearly should be the second pick. This guy's a potential franchise guard. He looks like he's a combination of Kate Cunningham and Jalen Brunson and I don't even know what else, but he's a really unique, awesome athlete. He's herky jerky. He's crafty. There's stuff he's doing at age 19 where you like he's got Moxie. Yeah, he's, he's got lot of Moxie and Gil and you're like, Hey, the deer in Fox, no brainer.


We didn't have to give up a lot for him. We wink winked. Maybe we'd give him an extension, but this is kind of our guy. Maybe the move is to just take Harper, move away from Fox, not do the Durant trade and maybe our window as in right now, maybe our window is like three, four years from now when Wendy's 24, 25 when this kid has been in the league a couple years, castles come up. Maybe we could kind of emulate what OKC has and build up through this nucleus. Why are we trading any assets for Durant now? We're not gonna win the title. It just makes me, I don't think Fox and Harper makes sense together. I don't get it. Couple things I, there's maybe nothing I hate more than this idea that everybody's supposed to be locked into this kind of timeline.


Right? Right. Like the Dallas Mavericks talking about a timeline is if it was like we're smarter than everybody. Like you know, we, we need to be about defense and the way ad is paired with Kyrie and it's like everybody's supposed to be within three fucking years of each other for you to be doing like, like Duncan couldn't use OV or Tony Parker, right? Like oh those guys are too young. You know? Right. That's not the same timeline. All this stuff is so stupid and all of us bring it up constantly about like, well if you have a guy who's like in year six but then you have a lottery pick, it's like well who knows maybe when you likely don't win the championship. Your best player who's only in year nine and likely came in after one year Yeah.


And is 28 or 29 years old and you pair him with a guy you've completely nailed and he's terrific in his second year, guess what's good about that? He's a really good player playing next to the other guy. Yeah. And it doesn't mean that they have to be 28 or 26. It drives me fucking crazy 'cause everybody defaults to it all the time. Now that makes it sound like I'm totally aligned with you and I think the Durant thing is really stupid. I feel like I could be talked into this either way where if, if the price on Durant is Harrison Barnes Ell, who I think we all like, but you know, what's the ceiling there as of this point? Like he probably feels a little bit more like an opportunity score than just a dynamic.


Like nobody can do anything with this guy. If it's Barnes and it's like some other later pick and Yeah, it's Barnes Vall the 14th pick in some future pick, that's okay, but not awesome. I would, I would also do that trade in five seconds. Why not? It, it gets me excited a little bit about, alright, well let's, let's see what happens here because this is a guy who can bring in and you know, he is gonna put up numbers. Even when he was miserable coming off of that summer going into Brooklyn, he put up huge numbers until he was then pretty quickly miserable again by the trade deadline and ended up getting his way out. So could well and Also he wants, he wants to be there is the other piece he likes If he wants to be there. You Believe he likes the Austin San Antonio area?


I really do. I think he likes that area. Okay. I don't know. I don't know because you know, you're also betting on somebody who finds a way to be unhappy everywhere he goes. As much as we love him as a player, like that's on him and I, I see him already. Yeah, That's, that's only been, It lasts seven years. You're right. It has only been, It lasts seven, It lasts hasn't Been a full decade. It's only been seven years And It lasts three stops. So you know, based on pricing and hey we do this and I would think every team wants to do the two year extension with him. I don't understand why we'd be trading kind of anything for a one year rental of Durant. I know the numbers two years, 122 million, which he's eligible for after July 6th.


I don't know why he would wait another six months to do two years. 124 million. I hear that one talked about all the time. It's like, well if you're Durant you go, it's okay. I'll risk the other 2 million with my injury history at this stage of my life. Right. I'll take the 1 22 now and I'd imagine that he would want that. It also reminds me a bit of the Jimmy Butler thing as Jimmy Butler didn't like Golden State until Golden State was the only option and they go opt in and then we'll tack on the next year. So you're gonna get another year at like max money. It's like, you know what I, maybe I could do this Golden State thing show so that that could Be the Minnesota thing. Right. Minnesota's not on my list. Oh you're gonna promise me two years. Oh Now you are on my list. Right. Everybody has a million options in their head and all their preferences and the things they will do or they won't do until it's like, okay, well all those things you thought were in play, you don't get to decide.


You don't have, those options are not on your terms. So now here are the only things that are left. So Now you gotta pick one of these and a lot of times you're picking one that you didn't think you were even gonna do or you're trying to talk yourself out of it. So on the other part of the Spurs part, which kind of speaks to criticizing my own timeline thing here is if the Spurs, if we came out, although you know you don't hear a lot from the Spurs, they just went, Hey Durant at this stage end the two years a hundred, two 22 million. We're really excited about Harper. We'll see how it fits. Fits with Fox for a year. It probably is a little redundant there. There's a lot of over overlap. Overlap in their games. You know, can Fox later on play off a little bit more than he did before? That seems kind of stupid to have De and Fox playing off of him.


He Already already did that with Halliburton in Sacramento. Yeah. So I'm gonna guess it's still not gonna happen. Which would be the funniest thing for Fox. It's like you got to stay because of Halliburton and and then They got Dylan Harper, which they didn't expect. Clearly. They didn't think they were getting Dylan Harper when they make that trade. And Now you get spun out for the new young guy. Which was again the opposite of what happened there with Halliburton. I have now, if I've, I've talked about this enough this week, I don't really like it. I, I would say, Hey you go, are we really solving anything here? Are we just more interesting for 25, 26? You talking about Durant? Yeah. Or and it's also gonna cost us another 122 million for a guy that does get hurt and who knows if he's pissed off about being here in a year and goes, oh you know I only have one year left.


Or you know, he does the extension. It's like he plays two years. I don't, I don't think it makes a ton of sense. I really don't. I don't think I don would do it even though the price isn't that bad. We agree because the difference with them in Houston, hu San Antonio has no reason to be desperate at all. What do they care? Right? They have this amazing roster of assets and picks and all of these other things. It's not like they're like, oh we gotta cap this off and get to rent. Whereas I look at Houston, I actually think Houston not only needs to rent but becomes a really interesting team if they can add him and all they give up is Jabari and Jalen Green and Cam Whitmore and they give Phoenix their pick back.


I still really like the nucleus of their team. Like post-trade. They would've, she Goon and Adams, they'd have KD and Ahman Thompson, they'd have Easton and Brooks and Whitmore. They would've Van Ley and Shepherd and the 10th pick. That's a lot to work with just to throw Duran and what was the one thing they did last year was a guy to score at the end of games. So it's a home run across the board. I think for them I if that was the price and I just don't think San Antonio's gonna top that from a price. So, Well he wanted Houston apparently last year. I don't know why Houston would be giving back that Phoenix unprotected pick that they were able to get in the Brooklyn thing, which has worked out for Houston because at the time it's like, I mean I went through all the Houston Brooklyn stuff when we did the show together just almost, you know, almost exactly a year ago.


It was like, what did Brooklyn do here? It's like, well Brooklyn wasn't gonna do the trade for Bridges unless they knew they could get their picks back. Yeah. So you could sit there and say, well you're giving up these valuable Brooklyn picks. It's like, well you don't know what Brooklyn's going to do. They're not going to get rid of bridges unless they know they're gonna get their picks back. And then you're looking at, well there's a chance, especially with Dallas winning, it's like what if they had won the lottery? You know like Houston gives that pick back but now it looks like Stone pulled off another one here because it's gonna be four picks for the two. You've made it through the, the scary part of like where's that 25 Land? We both, the trade for Houston though, when that happened we're like cool. Like they, they basically leveraged, they took advantage of Brooklyn kind of panicking, right? I think we liked the trade for them.


Well Brooklyn Couldn't tank unless they knew they were getting their picks back. So they were paying a premium for Yeah they're paying for that, they're paying the vi. But a year ago the conversation and then in the fall was like, what if Brooklyn ends up, you know they gave him that pick back but it wasn't, it wasn't that. There was clearly the thing in front of it that said So You think that's too much for Durant to also include the Phoenix pick? Yeah, I think Phoenix is a mess right now. Like not trending in the right direction. So why would I help them stabilize in front of that 27th pick if Phoenix, that's the only way you're getting Durant, Then I'd be like, let's fucking Jabari this up.


I think I agree with you, Although if you got To me, I wouldn't trade, I wouldn't trade Durant to Phoenix unless I got my own pick back. Like if Houston's like how about the 10th pick? I'd be like no I want my pick back, I need my, When the deal happened last year and they have the 27 Phoenix pick that's unprotected. I thought that was the single most valuable asset in all this stuff. Yeah and I don't know that, look if you had talked to us, if we were having this conversation right after game seven where it's like, hey guess what offense wasn't great in clutch moments. Like it was Houston's who saw that coming, right?


This feels like a very solvable plug and play. Throw 'em in there. You wonder if you were Houston and you're talking to Phoenix going like, all right, well what's I mean they don't know what the hell the rest of their plan's gonna be. I mean we gotta keep reminding ourself how quickly these things change but the unknown of what that 27 pick could be. I'm not interested in doing that for somebody with KD that isn't a complete, it's a slam dunk from the scoring thing in the fourth quarter for 25, 26, but it's an expensive 122 million for the years beyond that. And you know his habit of, you know, you really wish one of these picks that they had had turned into some sort of super polished closer in the fourth quarter.


As much as you can love him and Thompson, it probably feels like a reach to think that he's gonna be closing playoff games and being their number one scoring option and then Durant just eases up everything else for everybody else else. I would be very reluctant to want to get rid of that 27 pick. Or could you use a lot of those assets with something else and try to get somebody younger than Durant, like a Jalen Brown who I don't even know if is available. Who do you thinks more valuable? Jalen Brown or Kevin Durant? Jalen Brown. It's not even close. He's 10 years younger, right? I guess so I was looking at the Durant stuff.


He's 37 years old in September. He's played 18 seasons. He's played 11, 11,023 games at 170 playoff games. So he is almost at 1300 combined games. He's played 41,000 regular season minutes, 7,000 playoff minutes. It was getting close to 50,000. If you just look at the numbers of hey 37 and over, who's averaged 20 a game? It's LeBron, it's Carl Malone. It's Kareem and it's that one Michael Jordan wizard season. So this is like the rarest of rare territory just to be good after this age. Right? And then you think said foot fracture, he had the Achilles, he had some knee stuff, seven feet tall, you know, so there's that.


But then on the other hand, in the 2020, just this decade, he is averaging 28 7 and five 53%, 42% from three. Like he's been pretty steady offensively. There's been some slight athletics signs of decline that I've seen just from like the defense and rim protection. And I wouldn't say he is 2014 KD but he's 88% there, 85%. I don dunno, I just don't know how many more years he has left because NBA history says this isn't gonna go in a great direction from here. You know, so that speaks to your Phoenix point. You're trading, you're not trading for a sure thing. Whereas if I'm trading for somebody like Jalen Brown or even Desmond Bain, I know I'm getting like the best years of their career right now with Duran.


I don dunno what I'm getting All fair. I mean none of this is new to anybody that's paying attention to the league as much as his scoring is like you're so enamored but like run through all of the stuff. And by the way, I need to clean it. I knew as soon as I said it, gin and like Duncan are the same age. But he didn't play for three years draft. No, but he came in, he was in oh three. He was, but they're about him and Parker were young and Duncan was in his Crime. My point still stands bad, bad little tidbit on that one based on the technicality of the same age. Anyway, here's the thing, go through it all. Like if I'm, if I'm stone in Houston, I'm like okay, so what's your Miami offer, right? It's Wiggins, it's Won't do Wiggins que and where?


Well I don know if they'll do where gets it's Wiggins one of the young guys we don't like and then a pick and then maybe a swap. Alright, okay, what's Minnesota's offer? Go Bear and DSO or It's, that's it. Dillingham is the, is the exciting thing. 'cause I mean there's so many different problems that they have, especially if they have to wait in like a signage phrase. Would you put Gillingham in that? I wouldn't put him in there. Would you? I really like Durant to Minnesota. I could probably live with it knowing how jammed up they are. But I mean we wanna start running through like if they didn't do, I was looking at it this morning. I don't know how Minnesota like goes from how expensive this team gonna be and why they did the cat deal knowing that his numbers at the end.


But I mean if you were at Anne at 49 million, this is in 25, 26. Yeah. Or maybe I did, I was doing, yeah KD at 60 million. Jayden at 26 million, which look five years, 130 million for him. You know, it's not, it's not cheap, it's not terrible. Nas the numbers on what that could be or what he wants. I'm just guessing 30, Right? 25 to 30 like minimum. Great. Guess Nobody has cap, nobody has free aging. I don know who, I guess from a cap space standpoint, maybe there's not a lot of people with Cap space.


Maybe he goes for 2025. I don't know. So it's if it's di Vincenzo and go bears out and so that means Randall staying, which now you're like, okay, so who's playing center? Whatever he didn't mention Alexander Walker yet, who's an unrestricted free agent. They're just gonna punt on him To me. He's just gone. I mean not, he doesn't, he doesn't work in any of this stuff. I know, but that's, that's a loss. Even that thought. He, I don Dunno how They were gonna redo Randall and then sign Nas and then keep Alexander Walk. Would you redo Randall? I would not. So you would just let him what? Opt in and we'll talk to you next year? Yeah, I would, I would play chicken with him. Yeah, I think that's the right move there.


18 that has Cap space. This is Brooklyn gonna sign Juli. Randall probably not Totally aligned on that one. You just never know because sometimes they'll be like, all right, we're gonna do this. And then you I I don, you know again, we've seen different versions of this anyway, the point is, is let's keep Randall at that $30 million number on the player option. That's 190 million with those guys. So you're just below the first apron 6 million. And I Haven't even even filled out seven spots. Yeah. And I'm not counting the, the stuff, you know, some of the smaller stuff that's already on the books here with different roster stuff. So again, back to the exercise of that 27 pick that's unprotected from Phoenix that Houston currently owns. And what's the next deal? I like og.


I like Mitchell Robinson. I've never liked Mitchell Robinson more than I do right now. All right. That guy was a motherfucker in the playoffs. Knicks fans. I get it, I get it. Alright. Like him to stay healthy. You can make the same health argument about Desmond Bain by the way. But we've already done the Desmond Bain part of the pod. So what's Toronto's deal? Hey, do you want expensive former Knicks or expensive former pelicans? We got you all right. Yeah. Now not impossible. Not impossible. Maybe there's one guy in that group that the group in Phoenix actually really likes and they feel like it's stable and then they get a center out of it and they're like, Hey Booker, we're gonna try to do this but what if, what if, whatever this is as we're running through all these assets, you know it was Reed Shepherd more valuable than the 27 unprotected potentially.


Or maybe Houston still loves Reed Shepherd so much. They'd rather do something else and maybe they'd rather trade the pick in 27 than even Reed Shepherd. I feel like if I'm Houston, I'm sitting on either the Shepherd part of it, the 27 that's like, that's better than Gobert aging out at 35 million a year. That's better than Dillingham. That's better than whatever the heat are gonna throw at you here. It's probably better than Cel. And then Harrison Barnes, They pick could throw it at two. They don't have, yeah, they don't have to put in number 10 or they don't have to put in 2027. You're right. They don't have to. They have to say, Hey Jalen Green is the second pick in the draft. Jabbar also Have the two picks in 29 where they get the two best picks between Dallas, Phoenix and I believe themselves in 29.


So there other avenue I'm Not trading that. Okay. But as quick as these things happen, like what if, What if Houston did the deal and it's booker's like this Jalen Green thing sucks, right? Or this isn't working out. And then you start realizing that booker's like, hey I tried it in the beginning I was patient. The Chris Paul stuff was great. We tried it with these three guys. This sucks deal. Still hanging out. He just bought another condo and Scottsdale it says I'm never leaving Field, field trade another golf club. He's DiCaprio Like the four country clubs. I'm not going anywhere. He's down to an handicap.


Yeah, he's, he's never felt better about his Approach. Short game is great right now. So There's just so many unknowns where I feel like all of us could, like I would just throw a pick in there, throw a pick in there if you compare it and maybe there's another secret thing out there that's a really valuable piece. I mean, are you with me on this at all or do you think I'm, I'm Crazy. No, you swayed me a little. The the case for it would be, can we actually make the finals if we make this trade right. We still have an awesome nucleus green, it's basically green and Jabari for Durant and then we threw some other stuff in there that we can't use right now anyway. And that's the trade. But I think you're, I think the, who are we bidding against?


If San Antonio's like, ah, we're getting Dylan Harper. I don't know. And then Miami I just don't think has the kind of assets to swim in this pool. Right? I guess they could throw a bunch of firsts down the road. But why are you doing that for Kevin Durant in his 19th season? Here's another timeline to revisit. We already touched on it last year. It was you were hearing Durant wanted to go to Houston. So I feel good about him actually wanting to go there and I imagine his team is telling whoever it is 'cause there's no other option. It's waiting six months for the extra 2 million. They're gonna want to, in the beginning of July, say we need that two years, 120, 2 million extension Durant's. Like cool, just pocket another nine.


I thought it was one 12. Excuse me. No, I thought it was, I thought it was an extra 12 million if you waited six months. Either way. I asked Bobby Marks this morning. So, okay, Well I Thought you're right. Thought it was 1 22 versus 1 24. He's gonna grab the money is you're right. Right. Why would he wait six months? Well I, I saw it talked about a few times. I was like I need to look that up. I mean it's hard to keep track of all this shit, right? Taxes like, like there's no point. And I don't know if you've heard this, but there's no state income tax in Texas. What? Did you know this? Oh yeah. Huge advantage for the stars. So he wanted Houston last year there was a TV report that said they wanted a Phoenix, wanted to trade him.


I was lucky enough to talk to someone. We said it on the pod. It was like I talked to somebody today. They're not trading, they're not trading. They didn't trade him. All right. This Minnesota thing happened before the deadline. APO supposedly Durant was kind of open to the Minnesota thing. Doesn't mean I'm right. And by the way, all of the things I'm about to say could be completely irrelevant. Golden State had the deal done and then found out now I don't want to go back there. So I've also seen it talked about where it's like, well they want to do right by Durant this time around because he was left out of the process. If anything you could argue that Golden State and Miami kind of went through the process of it all last year or I should say this year before the trade deadline. And then once they had something in place, instead of wasting his time and updating him and his team all the time, it's like hey we could do this.


Do you wanna do it? That's being involved. He says he didn't wanna do it so he can't really play the card of like he was left out of this process and it was somewhat disrespectful. So whether or not he wanted to play with Ant wanted to go to Minnesota in February, I don't even know if that's true. It appears that's not what he wants to do now. It was true school that I Heard it was like a five or 16. It got too complicated. It was one of the issues in February. You mean In February? Yeah. Okay. Because there was no, no way to do it. What do you believe now Do you think he wants, do you think Minnesota? Because it's not brought up. I think he wants to go to Texas. I'd heard Minnesota, Miami and Texas are all the favorites at different points of the week.


I would not rule out him wanting to be in Miami, but Miami, Miami feels like it's, I mean unless they love Khal ware, which there's a lot of nice stuff from him. What's he doing in Miami other than he gets to live in Miami. What's gonna happen? Should we ask That question? Should we, Should We Ask that question? I don't think you're, you're even in the Eastern finals with that nucleus. Nothing's happening. Houston is the only team that I feel like he could elevate. I even have real questions about him with Edwards. That feels dueling banjos to me. We've seen I don I sometimes it is and sometimes it's an awesome another, Another, another Booker situation where there's a lot, a lot of Durant standing in the corner like I guess I'm not in this one.


And he has that weird body language thing. He gets going from time to time. Well I'll just be over here guys. Whereas Houston, they'd be like, please take us home. Here's the ball. Eight, eight minutes left. Do your thing. Like they don't have anybody else other than Shang goon. But it is funny how when teams have one option as that closing score and it's like Manny needs help and that's what Ant needed. But I don looking at those possessions against, so that's just where We disagree. I don't think he needed help. I think he needed a fucking point guard. That's what they need. I wouldn't if, if I'm gonna make trades, I'm not trading for Kevin Duran. I wanna get like a somebody who can actually handle the ball and take pressure off Edwards and get fast breaks.


Fox Conley was in that OK C series. Conley looked like he was 50 years old. That was why they lost, they couldn't bring the ball up. The ball up wasn't, wasn't 'cause they didn't have enough scoring. I, that's not how I watched the series. What Was your favorite Conley Western conference Finals moment? It was, I thought it was gonna be bad. It was way worse. And listen, I just went to a second half of a game four where Lou Dot was looking at Halliburton who's one of the best guards in the league and was like, you're not dropping the ball over half court. I'm not letting you do it. So poor Mike Conley's 37. That was like his worst. He's probably in bed like fucking seeing nightmares of Lou Dorton Caruso.


I think they need a point guard. I don't think the rant changes their destiny at all. Okay. And there's also a funny thing that we've already touched on here before. Imagine if Houston gets Durant and is ramped up and it's 25 versus 2018. You're like, hey we are the team best positioned to try to take on, oh it's like We're rebooting this. Yeah, same situation Like in 10 years from now where there's just this epic player and he's on another team and then guy's like, Hey Houston, do you wanna be the one that goes in there first and tries to give this a shot? So you know, You're 19 of Durant. I just don't think gets discussed enough in all this stuff. Now maybe he can keep it going for two more years, three more years. But this is, we are now at the point LeBron defi it Carl Malone who even if the stats say he was still pretty awesome, if you actually watch those games post the two finals, he was at a slightly different point of his career.


Jordan and the Wizards Kareem near the end. Like LeBron's the only one who's divided. And by the way LeBron hasn't been in the finals since 2020. So you know the like when you go to these games and you see how young and athletic everybody is like there's a reason for that. It's really hard to win four rounds in a row when you're an older player. It's almost impossible. The only reason Bill Russell was able to do in 1969 was 'cause the series were shorter and it was three rounds. Like he didn't have to win 16 playoff games. I just think counting on old guys is really hard. We agree. I mean when you run through all this stuff, you don't need to, I think everybody listening for the most part, but it is still the rent. And whoever gets to introduce him with with a brand New Jersey, I think think you're right.


If they could be Jabari and Jalen Green, some other pick that's not the 10th pick or the Phoenix pick. That's, that's my offer. And if you can top it, so be it. Jalen Greed's still young had some really good moments in the week and we both liked Jabari. Let's Think. Yeah, but I'd like to see more from Jari. Can I end with one last thing though? Yeah, you just said it. Okay. He's been in the league this long, right? He hasn't been happy. It lasts few stops. It makes sense 'cause we think he cares about hooping so much that he would want to go someplace that at least has a chance to contend in the next year or whatever the next three. If he likes Lee, I still would imagine he's gonna get the extension of teams are giving up. If you're giving up Jalen Green and Jabbar, you probably still won't control the asset as opposed to like, well let's see what happens in the summer of 26.


I can't imagine, yeah, any team wanting to do that, but would there be like a long form feature by Brian Windhorst? Oh if he ended up on Miami where it was like the role model. Kevin Durant never thought he would have the Bradley Beal story and then they're like, why South Beach Kevin, just why the fuck not? We'll take a break.


This episode is brought to by LinkedIn During the season every baseball team plays 162 games. It's a true test of endurance. It's not enough to have a hot month or two. You need sustained dominance throughout. While the same is true for your small business, it's not enough to have a great Q2 or even a great year. You want year over year growth that starts with better hires. That'll be there for the long haul to find those hires use LinkedIn. LinkedIn has strong hiring data and insights that you won't find anywhere else to help pair you with the best candidates from unique skills and interests to the connections you have in common. Based on LinkedIn data, 72% of small businesses say that LinkedIn helps them find high quality talent. LinkedIn also lets you go beyond people who are actively applying in a given week. 171 million LinkedIn members aren't actively seeking jobs but they are open to new opportunities. That's a big pool to miss out on. If you're not hiring with LinkedIn, find your next great hire on LinkedIn. Post your job for free at LinkedIn dot com slash simmons. That's LinkedIn dot com slash simmons to post your job for free terms and conditions apply.


This episode is brought to you by McDonald's. All new mc crispy strips, new mc crispy strips are here. Chicken made for dipping tender juicy white meat chicken with a golden brown peppery breading. This sounds delicious. It's chicken. So good. It deserves its own sauce. That's right. The creamy chili mc crispy strip dip. It's creamy, savory, and sweet with a little heat. But strips work with any of their sauces. I'm actually still a big fan of the buffalo sauce Look. New mc crispy strips and dip sounds fantastic. And it's only at McDonald's.


This episode is brought to you by Uber Eats. Summer is here and you can now get almost anything you need for your sunny days. Deliver with Uber Eats. What do I mean by almost? Well you can't get a well-groomed lawn delivered but you can get chicken Parmesan delivered a day in the sun. No. A bottle of rum. Yes, Uber Eats can definitely get you that get almost, almost anything delivered with Uber Eats. Order now for alcohol. You Must be legal drinking age, please ENJOY RESPONSIBLY. Product availability varies by Region C App for details.


Quickly. San Antonio, I forgot to mention one thing. If they did trade the in Fox and they just went Weby Harper Castle, let's go. I'm just gonna throw a couple fake trades at you just for fun. Fox to Brooklyn for eight 19 and 27. Does Brooklyn have a meeting? Yeah. Okay, let's say that happens. Could they then flip eight 14 and 27 to move up to four to Charlotte for, for our guy K nipple. Basically turning Fox into K Nipple with a couple other assets.


Kind of fun. That timeline would make sense. Much more like the analogy where I should have said Kawhi Leonard instead of Gen for Duncan. Yeah, yeah. Point still stand. Yeah. Is there a Trey Murphy possibility where Fox could go to Brooklyn and then you take, you basically do the Bain trade with the extra picks. You have more stuff and try to get Trey Murphy from New Orleans who I think is Getable if you just do the Bain price maybe even more. That's the kind of trade I would rather see them do than Durant. There's one other one though. And tell me what you think of this. They're keeping Fox if they just dropped from two to three and got McCain in the trade from Philly.


So they would still pick, be picking a three and they could take K Nippo or Trade Johnson whatever or Ace Bailey, whatever they want. And they get McCain. But I also don't feel like Philly's giving up quite enough. What is that trade for you? If it's McCain and three plus what to move up a spot. Cork moss. They still have his rights. I don't think they have his rights anymore. Or is that just a no go? You're not, you're, you're keeping Harper. No one in the NBA would trade out of the two into the three. That's how I feel too. I just wanted to talk it out. I don't think but So even if Utah was like, we'll give you marketing and five to move up to two and we'll throw in some extra stuff, they're still like, no thank you.


Yes. Yeah. That's why I think they should trade the Aaron Fox. We gotta talk finals. We're gonna do a whole bunch of draft stuff but I guess we'll do it next Sunday. I was prepped. I'll be, I'll be even more prepped next week. I have some people I will say I'll g I'll give you this, I'll leave you this little tidbit. M Hart's in my draft prep m Hart's brother who's like a late second rounder. I bought some stock Ryan Emhart on Gonzaga average almost tennis to a game last year. I watched him film. I like him only five 11. You're doing second rounders already. I just, he was, he was. I already had my sleeper. The finals. What'd you see in game four?


You didn't get to talk about it in a pod. There was a moment in the third quarter where I was very surprised to see how just outta sorts KC was on offense again. And it was a lot of like SGA, can you come back and take the ball? Can you come back and take the ball? And it was the first moment in the entire finals where I was like, maybe this is actually going to happen. I mean sometimes this stuff has to happen. Sometimes we have to have these great stories. This is why we keep coming back. The sports need to be unpredictable for us to continue to be entertained. 'cause what if, what if the ball just bounces the right way? And in that moment I'm like what is up with this OKC offense?


This is off. Felt the same way sitting in my seat. There was, it was like a five minute stretch where you're like, oh my god this, this is gonna happen. Right. Really? I really did feel it. It felt like they had kind of mentally broken O KC a little bit. Yeah. It wasn't the first quarter. It wasn't that building third Quarter. It Was that third quarter where I went Holy shit. Like I had to like almost just have a moment with myself being like, this might actually happen and I think this is important 'cause you didn't catch it. 'cause I wanna get to you more than me. 'cause I was at home watching it. But on the broadcast it's like a six point game, but it felt like 12. It felt like the 12 like OKCs down six and it feels like 12 against the Pacers.


But that's just how impressive the Pacers had been. And on the broadcast you have Doris, you have Breen, you have Richard Jefferson and it's like, hey, this is still a six point game. And it was like nine minutes to go. But they were right. It would be easy if you didn't experience it in real time. It'd be right to be making fun of the announcers and be like, why are you telling us it's a six point game as if anybody's changing the channel. But it, the control of the game just favored the pacers. And it was so like aligned with what we saw in game three that you're, you're like, all right, I, I guess they just kind of figured this team out and yet like why would I be doubting a 68 win team like okc?


Why would I be doubting this team that has the best point differential in NBA history and they're down six and you're like kind of worried about 'em. And I thought the announcing crew did such a great job of relaying that vibe that yeah, it's only six points. It's only six. And they said it a couple different times and instead of being critical of something that would seem like almost an observational mistake, it was the perfect way to sum up how the game felt. And then SGA happens a bunch of different stuff. You were there, what did you think? Well I remember I turned to, I was sitting with my friend Chen and at one point OKC was one for 12 from three and Indiana was 11 for 27 and they were up eight. So they were plus 10 on threes, but they were up eight.


And we were just like, this is, I can't, we couldn't believe OKC was still in the game. It felt like they, especially when that sequence when topping hit the two threes and the crowd went nuts and it just felt like OKC was dying to be knocked out for about three minutes and they couldn't do it. And they hung around and they hung around. And then the only reason not to count them out was just how crazy the defense was. I said it, I went on Zach's pod Friday, I was saying I, I don't think I've ever seen defense like that in person. I've seen rim protection defense. That was as good. This was different. This was attacking whoever had the ball 50 feet from the hoop and making it impossible for them to even start the offense. It was like shit, you would see I in like a high school game where some, some crazy guy is like the, he's won 500 career games in Long Island and he has this crazy press and the other team can't get it over half court.


That's what it felt like. But it was Halliburton and Emhart, like these guys are good guards that are good ball handlers and Dort was just standing there on the logo just wiping people out. And then you have Caruso and then you have Jalen Williams who I thought was really, really awesome in that game and really took it to AKA and just athletically that that it just eventually went out. And I just, I thought Dort was the MVP. I said that the other day. I know SJ had 15 in the fourth quarter and came through in the end. But I thought what Dort did all game and the physicality and the intensity and just how he kept fucking with Halliburton really hard to do.


He's the first guy all playoffs who's kind of slowed down Halliburton to the point where if you're on a show going they need Halliburton needs to step up. It's like you're not watching, you don't understand what's happening with this like Lou do is impossible to go by. So I thought that was why they won. And then SGA, I didn't see, so when we were sitting in the seats that after the three, that push-off shot where he traveled, I, I just didn't see that angle. That was an amazing no call. It was like we didn't cover that on the Friday night thing. That was really rough because he definitely pushed off and he definitely traveled and Foster was just staring at it and didn't do anything.


Really tough call. Do you wanna talk about the extender? He was bad for both teams. There was no, I talked about it Friday night there was no rhyme or reason for the calls. There were touch fouls being called. There was Dort and Caruso just kind of shoving guys away at mid court to get the ball or create steals or running through picks. I just, I didn't understand what a foul was in that game. They're bad for everybody. Both coaches were mad, both benches were mad. It was just all over the place. The two SGA plays that everybody has talked about, I don't think Officating had anything to do with the game.


I rarely do, but I don't like rewarding the offensive player Ffic initiating that contact on Knee Smith on the one at the free throw line. Yeah, but Knee Smith is also on a heater of fouling, which is to be expected. He's averaging over five fouls per 36 minutes, which oof, according to nba.com is the highest foul rate of any player who's played 175 minutes or more. But that's how Knee Smith plays. But it's very, yeah, it's playing out like that regular season game that I keep referencing. There was, there were a few things that I thought, okay, oh that's interesting. That's interesting is that whether it's Jalen Williams or SGA and it's really when Jalen Williams gets him, he's like, I'm gonna kill Ne Smith.


So Ne Smith, this hyperactive physical defender, Jalen Williams is like, you have nothing for me. Okay. Yeah. And to the point where they were running that two-man game, which is something that if you track it, there's not a lot of on-ball screens being set by SGA through the course of the regular season. And that he and Jalen Williams started doing it for each other and the hope was to get nesmith 'cause they needed to get Neha off of Halliburton. Yeah. So there's this, and everybody's been talking about this now G Yeah, yeah. Excuse me. SGA trying to get him off of SGA just doing such a good job with it. But they started working this like two man thing and setting screens in ways that it's just not something that they normally do. Which is, you know, look, the pace would be ready for it in game five. They wanna go back to that kind of stuff.


But the whole point of it is let's get Knee Smith in the action, let's get knee Smith in the action. And yeah, there was a lot of free throws and everything. But I wanna stay on this because I've, I've heard about it so much, especially with Scott Foster being involved in it. A part of this game that's a little easier to miss is that the Thunder were called for four fouls on defensive rebounds within six minutes of the fourth quarter. Yeah. And there was a fifth foul on Knee Smith. So for the whole idea of that, hey let's extend this series, let's get O KC back to two two and all that kind of shit. That's why Foster's on the game. They called Five Fouls on the Thunder and got the Pacers into the bonus with over six minutes to go.


And again, four of them, I don't know that I've seen that very often. Four fouls on the thunder just trying to box out. And I'm not arguing that they were or weren't fouls, but I think on a lot of box out stuff, you can find more fouls there if you want to. It's like college officials. They'll just pick a game in the tournament, decide to call all of them. You're like, how come this first house Taking, so that was on our basket and they definitely were doing this mauling technique of the rebounds. But with that was, that speaks to my point from earlier. They started calling stuff in the fourth quarter that they didn't call for the first three quarters. I hate that the most. Well this game got should, There's no consistency to anything that was happening, The two Pacers games or at least at Indiana.


It, it felt like there's so much effort in that first half. Yeah, That and it might be even a little underplay. We'll see, you know what happens here in game six in the second half. But you can, you can almost see the guys exhausted on both sides. Like I thought Chet was spent in game three. I thought Chet was so good defensively he was getting into switches, he was holding up against perimeter players. He's contesting shots like Halliburton got him one side. So I look, I thought that was kind of interesting in the free throw part of it. It's like, okay, I understand this team lost. So it's all about the free throws. I hated the baseline thing with SGA, I don't like that knee Smith foul, but it is a foul and all that stuff. But there's another like Da Dal part of this is that he, he, they clearly don't like Hartstein because he's a target for the Pacers when he's in.


Yeah, he is targeted and let's face it, he's a nice player. He's been a fucking zero on offense for this entire series and him holding the ball 30 feet away waiting to do some sort of dribble handoff thing in a playoff game when everybody's flying around at full speed, that stuff looks all right in the regular season. It's kind of a waste of time in these playoff games and kind of slows everything down the way everybody's hedging against all this stuff. I Said that to Zach on Friday night, he's become a backup center and I don't feel like was during this season in this, yeah, in this series and a little bit last serious too. You know, it kind Justed that Way. Look at the game logs in the minutes. Like they, they're pulling away from it. You could argue some games. It's just Chet has it going. Chet had the two follow dunks too on top of the really good defense because you know, he closed really poorly after a great start.


Game three didn't play that well, but at that 6 0 9 foul, the fifth team foul against OKC, another defensive rebound thing. Dal went to the double big and I was like, he must like that staff has to be going, can we grab a board? Yeah. Can we grab a board in this game to close this thing out? Went double big for just about two minutes. Little under that. And I don't know if it's settled, but clearly, you know, look, Caruso's the preferable guy as opposed to the double big against this stuff because I think they worry about Hartstein being a target. But it almost felt like in those two minutes when he went double big, his main concern was we gotta figure out a way to try to control the defensive glass here. And we're not closing six minutes of double big, but let's just, we, let's try to change our physicality here for a couple minutes because our guys are getting eaten up.


Just trying to box out. Well I think he was trying to help out Chet too a little bit because he didn't wanna take Chet out. So it was like, I'll give you a little added muscle for a couple minutes here. Jalen Williams was the only guy on that team that didn't look tired in that game because SGA, you know, they played Wednesday night and that Wednesday night game was a brutal game. Brutal game, Right? Oh Yeah. So they're 48 hours later. Indiana looked fresher than than OKC for the most part, but they're also home. You get energy from home. But Jalen Williams was the one on that team that and.who.is like, he's not even human. I just thought my big takeaway from just seeing that in person for those two days is just how unique Dort is.


'cause I was thinking before the playoffs like, all right, if they win the title, they gotta pay these guys. Maybe they'll trade dort. Wallace can take his minutes. Dordt is unreadable for me. Like with the toughness and physicality and all the stuff he does for them. I don't think they have anyone on the roster to replace it. To just have somebody who can wipe out the best guy on the other team and make it like even when Halliburton was scoring, they were like, you know, flying down the lane layups where he had to like throw it high off the backboard with some spin on it just to like make the shot. Like it was, nothing was easy for them and that's why they won the game and that's why they're gonna win the title. I, I think I just feel like Indiana missed their chance.


They had it, they had it in that third quarter. I felt that way when I left. I felt that way on Friday night. We talked about it and you know, it was 80, it felt like it was 86 to 76 for two, three minutes there and they just couldn't extend it to 15. It gets to 15. KC wasn't making threes, they're not coming back from that, you know, but they just couldn't get the hump high enough. And I don't know what the, what the fixes are either because we've, we've seen with some of these games when you kind of unlock the other team, it just kind of gets worse as the series goes along. Like I think the Warrior Celtic series in 22 is a good kind of parallel to that. Just everything you got worried about just starts to get worse and worse as it goes.


I think they've figured out if they're not gonna call those fouls on Dort and Caruso at half court without physical, they're being, it's gonna be really hard for Indiana Run offense like that. Remember that part where they're putting AKA 40 feet from the basket and he was trying to go one-on-one and they were okay. C was like, really this is, you're doing this? No thanks. The only wild card is mathen to just, he seems like, you know, and he's the ultimate trick or treat guy, but that's the one where I, I felt like they should have thrown him in in the fourth quarter. They were so stale. It was so hard for them to do anything. They kind of needed the wild card heat check, irrational confidence guy. It feels like a quarterback, avoiding pressure and then like getting back to the line of scrimmage and then thinking he has like another chance at the same play.


Right? Right. They'd, they'd be scrambling. It would all get shut off and then it'd be like, all right, Halliburton, now it's like, started all over again. And I didn't have any issues with him and aka had such a terrific game, like completely well-rounded with the steals, the assists, the boards, the shooting wasn't great. But the problem is, it's like, okay, but now you're taking, you've had this really nice game and you kind of need to be like a number two scoring option with some of the stuff. And I know everybody's gonna think that I'm just kind of on his ass again. But, you know, the variance of, of noticing him to then going, oh, did he, did he take one shot in the fourth quarter For six in the second half? Well, that, that, I mean, once they took away their fast breaks and slowed the pace down, the pace By the way, has been like a non-factor.


Maybe you can say they pushed it a little bit more in game three, but like, if you look at the pace numbers game by game, it's 1 0 2 97 and a half, 100. That's for the full game. So the first half of game four, especially for the first like quarter and a half, indie had to have been delighted because okc, this is what Indy does over and over again. They pull you into how they wanna play and OKC was doing it and then they backed off. I, I think K C's fine playing at a pace. They played at a faster pace than the Pacers have for the entire playoffs. They've had a lead now going into the fourth quarter, the first three games, they didn't have it. They come back. The storylines that I touched on after they were down two one, it's like all of these storylines that are potentially in play of doing the obituary on what this Thunders team ended up being.


Right. If they had lost this series, who knows they could still lose this series. I'm, I'm at a point now where certainly I'm not gonna like change my pick or anything, but this pacer team is more real in this, in this final series than I certainly thought and a lot of us thought, but you know, the too young thing, right? Or they didn't play enough clutch games and it's like, man, if they were too young, doesn't that show up in Game seven against Denver? Doesn't it show up? I thought that Game four win against Minnesota was just a, just an absolute like ballsy. We are here type of win. Yeah. And so you come back and you win this game four. Like if the Pacers were to win this, are you allowed to say that it was, oh, because the Thunder were too young. If they were too young, they don't come back in game four of this series.


The two young thing comes with going three for 17 from three and having tennis, But they didn't shoot it well, they didn't Shoot well first. Some of their young guys were MIA like, like people like Wiggins Wallace, those are the guys that when you're talking about too young, they're just not getting stuff from the role guys. That's why Caruso was so huge in that game. I mean, Caruso, you know, he might make the Hall of Fame now. Michael Cooper made it. Does AKA make the Hall of Fame? I don't know. We No, The answer is yes, He probably does. Second best guy in the finals team might be on pace for like almost 20,000 points. Do you know where OKC is right now as far as three point shooting in the playoffs Where 13th outta 16 teams?


Hmm. They shot it well against Minnesota. They did not shoot it great. The first two series. And that's another thing that's so scary about this team is that, I mean, I wonder where they'll be historically, there's a three point shooting team if they stay at some of these numbers that they have another bad shooting night. Like they're in that game and I'm, I'm glad that you brought up that math because you're like, something feels wrong here. They're gonna, they're gonna be one to 12. It just doesn't resemble the basketball we watch in 2025 when somebody could be that bad from three and be in the game, that's usually a death. No. Okay, another observation. Because when the thunder are not talking to each other, only Caruso's the guy with any energy on the bench and they're down and they look lost in that third court body Language stock is right there just studying everything.


You're on the case. Yeah. It is used against them. It's like who's, you know, you start thinking like, Hey, who's their dream on green? Like where's their emotional leader? Where's their badass? Is this too subdued a group of players? You know, That wasn't what I was thinking. Okay. I was thinking more like, these guys have all the same type of personality where they're just like, they just go, the only thing I really noticed was, would You have said that if they lost? No, the only thing I thought was that they seemed tired. Like Chet looked like he was gonna keel over. Like for real, all the young guys, like, people like Wallace and guys like that. It just, you could just tell they weren't gonna get anything from those guys.


But Caruso I thought was, you know, really seems like he's the glue to everything. And then SGA, they never bailed on him. He took him out for that one minute and he got the fourth foul. Yeah. And he looked tired. There's no question. He didn't have a good first half. They Said it after. So, yeah, like I think Dal even had said, you know, he wasn't having the best game and then he was gonna have to work through it and we're gonna have to figure a way, way to get Neha off of him, you know? Yeah. And then Jalen Williams, I thought, you know, the fact that he can do what he does, but that team, they're, they're just a bunch of dudes that, you know, they're like an, like a football team that just kind of goes out and it's like you're not getting a first down right Now.


You know, they have a vibe to them. It's hard to explain. I think they, I think they specifically pick certain type of personality types and that's who they look at and go after. Like Draymond wouldn't make sense on that team. I don't think they would ever have a guy like, like that kind of boisterous type of, you know, big alpha personality. It's not the kind of team they have. Even dagal when you watch him, like he got mad at the refs for him at one point and mad at him. And the refs is just him like making a face and putting his hands out. He's not like a screamer. Everything they do and I, I think they do a lot of stuff after the games, which has been talked about, about how they, they constantly barrage the NBA with like clips and stuff like that.


But I think on the court, even afterwards, I thought it was interesting. Dagal said, I thought they called a good game. They could have called even more fouls. Did you hear that quote? He had like, they're very careful about not pissing off the refs or showing them up Halburn when he got fouled that one time and he did, he was doing the holding his hands up and I don't know, refs hate that shit. This has been Jason Tatum's problem for It lasts three years when he does that sarcastic wave at the refs, like they fucking hate that. And every time KC doesn't any of that stuff. Yeah, t's another one. And it's just every single baseline on the way up. It's like, before I get my balance back, I'm gonna motherfuck this guy. Halliburton had every right to be upset on he, But no, but he just gets called a little differently than most stars.


I would, I would just say the default That it's always the refs. It's always the refs. It's always the refs and you just go like, all right, well you wanna go through it. Do you want, you want me to file? Do you want me to find a Mhar foul? That wasn't called, But you didn't think that was a well called game. I thought that game, I thought the flow of that game was a fucking mess. It was really, really compared to the other games that we've had. That was like a mess on both sides. I thought, I thought the game just became very different. Yeah. The way it Was. Well what do you expect in game five? Well, it was nice to see the fourth quarter defense that we'd expect from the Thunder to show up. Although I still think the Pacers defense in game three of that fourth quarter was more impressive than when they pulled that game out.


I thought what they were doing on defense, like that was that game three thing. I'm just telling you, game three Pacers, it changed the way I feel about them in the East. Okay, Going into next year, You drafted them number one, We finally got there, boys and girls took me three games, the NBA finals. But it was, it was pretty special. But unfortunately for, for Pacers fans not the case in game four and I, the whole time, the whole time going into this is like, I just think that Thunder defense is gonna be too hard to solve for four wins. And that's how I feel about it still. I mean, you know, here's the thing is going home, OKC just feels dude knocked down like 14, 15 threes here in one of these games.


Yeah. This feels, this has a 29 point blowout vibes. I also wonder like everything was going so magically for Indiana for two months there and that was the first game where like Halliburton does the little step back when they really need it. The, you know, the dribble, dribble, dribble three step back and it was an air ball. It was, it was almost like a, the clock hit midnight for them in that fourth quarter in so many different ways. But I do think, I do think they have some moves, like some things have worked. OKC, they've lost some trust in a couple guys. Like they're basically down to six and a half guys now. That's a good sign for Indiana and for Indiana. Like they've had different guys play well the whole series. I don't feel like the only guy they seem like they've lost confidence in is Thomas Bryant.


Everybody else's, they had already lost had moments. Yeah, I don I don know, I guess they re lost it. But they need, if I was them, I would've been sending just clips of Dort and Cru modeling my guards at mid court. I would've sent a whole highlight video of like, Hey, are they allowed to do this? Just check in. Because I thought that was, I thought They got away with physicality, which they should do because you're getting away with it. Do it, you know. But man, it's the story of the series is that the, the Caruso trade, what it did for them when you actually are going in against someone when they ramp it up, is the scariest thing in the league.


And that's probably why they're gonna win the title. Do you Remember, and I, I'm not trying to like put you on this, the energy that OKC came out with defensively, the first touch that Halliburton got, it was just swarming. I think they sent two of him and it was like intense. Granted, it's when your freshest, the game just tipped. And I was like, uhoh, now what's going on here? And then the pacers survive it and yeah, you, you're going all right. You know, like it was so I, you know, I almost was wondering like, are they just, this is like blitzing on the first drop back of the NFL game and be like, hey, let's just do something so that they know we're coming today and like we're gonna do this because like the first play was so much energy defensively, so you're not gonna be able to keep doing that kind of stuff.


Like this is insane how hard you're going just on this trap. And Pacers feel great about themselves. Thunder can't knock down a shot. Yeah, there's a bunch of ions and you're right, like Wiggins coming in isn't pretty, Wallace got caught up like in between a decision there in the fourth quarter on one play or like, okay, that's like a sign of somebody. Not necessarily they Comfortable, they weren guard. They weren't guarding him either. They like, if he was out there, they were just playing off him Hartenstein, he feels like he's lost confidence. But this is what happens when we get to the finals. You start, guys start falling off in the battlefield and you end up with five guys, six guys left. I'm glad you brought up football because it really was what OKC reminded me of watching them.


It was like watching an awesome defense. Just put everyone on the line knowing that their cornerbacks could, could defend any receiver and just like going and at some point you're like, oh my God, I don't know. I like, we didn't know what Indiana should do in the fourth quarter. It got to that point like, I don't know, they can't get within 40 feet of the basket. I don't know what the move is. Like get Checkmated On the left side because I think 'cause he had SGA but it was like 15 feet out. Yeah. And then he was just kind of dribbling, you're like, what the fuck is this play gonna be? That was every play. He, He was turned and he didn't have enough time and it wasn't like a straight line drive or anything. He was, he was kind of turned Turner had a couple threes where it looked like he wasn't in a hurry to get those off.


And then Mhar will, when Halliburton gets stuck, M Hart's the guy that's like, I'll shoot. Like I'm good to go. Yeah. And then usually knee Smith's good for a three or two that you're just like, okay, these are, he had that huge one in in game three. Yeah. Not, not yesterday. Turner's the wild card because you know, obviously they have to win one of these next two in OKC to win the title Plus the one at home and the way Turner looked in those two indie games, if he's gonna play like that, there's just no chance because they were giving him the wide open shots at the top. They were happy with him. He wasn't making 'em. My guess would be OK C's gonna win the next two. I hate counting out Indiana like that, but I just feel like the OKC solved something in those last two and then the closer you get, the more you can smell it and anything you're doing is gonna be ramped up anyway.


Once you get like really close to the title, you're gonna be, it's gonna be the craziest version of yourself. Right. And the craziest version of KC I don't think Indiana can can score again. So I feel like they missed.


This episode is brought to you by Yeti. Summer is basically here and if you're getting outside you need to check out Yeti hard coolers. They're built like tanks, super durable. They hold ice for days like they're Tundra 65 iconic for a reason. Just an absolute beast for tailgates or tournaments. The roadie 32 wheeled cooler. That one's awesome. You can pack it with a ton. Just roll it along and if you want something super portable, the roadie 15 is perfect. It even fits wine bottles. Find your cooler and gear up for summer with Yeti hard coolers.


This episode is brought to you by Ultra running. Every pair of ultra shoes has a roomy toe box and zero to load drop, which lets your toes spread and keeps your foot in a more natural position. All in the name of comfort and performance with a variety of styles. There's a shoe for everyone. It's comfort. You have to feel to believe. Try ultra for yourself with a free 30 day trial and free shipping@ultrarunning.com for shot.


Alright, so you're covering, you got Tuesday, Thursday this week. Yeah, we got a lot of stuff. I don't know what we're gonna run. We got a little F1 for you. Oh, Ron Cher Now you excited For the movie? Yeah, definitely. I really am. Every time they the Ron Movie, I'm excited for the Brad Movie. I haven't seen, oh, because I haven't seen the turnout movie trailer. Yeah. The F1 Brad Fit. Yeah. That Looks great. You're so I was thinking about you the other day, How easy I'm to please with a trailer. That wasn't the thought, but there's these things that you love that I'll know that you're gonna love. But then you'll just Shock The world.


Yeah. And be like, it's kinda like your Star Wars position. Be like, you like wrestling, you like Yeah. Top Gun. Yep. You know, and it's like, but you don't like Star Wars. Then there's like Others. I did not like Star Wars. I just never got into it. The the one that one I can't, the line I can't cross is Wes Anderson movies. I just don't get it. Not for me. I watched, I watched 10 bombs the other night. Yeah. Not for me. I'm not against them. Just not for me. It's an Owen Wilson Fest over at this place. What's that? Jumping back and forth between stick and 10 bombs. Summertime. Let's go. You've never Seen, you've never seen Rushmore.


I've seen Rushmore. I've seen tannin bombs. Okay. Yeah. So Steve Zsu, when we lost you, I'm not like have to know. Yeah. It's just like, you know, I'm putting together the Blu-ray collection. There's no Wes Anderson yet. You Don't think Rushmore is a re watchable? I think we did it already. I don't think I was on it. Good. You're gonna be on one this summer. Hopefully. We're, we're planning. I might even go to Scotland Park. You Hard got a book. You, you know, you called to see if you're in and you're like, just on your way to some strange country. It's gonna get real strange this summer.


Can I tell you what I did in India on FanDuel, A lot of Pat's bets, including Mike Vrabel for Coach in the year plus seven 50. I couldn't resist. Pat's over nine and half. Sure. Pat's five to one for the division with Kansas City and Philly. Okay, I'll parlay that. When you were hanging out with guys, you're like, I have to go home and hammer this Vrabel bet. Yeah. It was like, guys, it's been great. I gotta go. Indy does close pretty early though. It's surprising.


I I really like Indy. I, there's some things I don't fully understand Guys. No it didn't. Lemme double check if that place is still open. Stanford, Steve and I went to Iken Jonesy's one night. I think they were like, Hey, can we get a beer? And there were just cups or like, grab as many as you want. I don't think there's a more ow city on the planet Than Indy. Come on. Yeah, No, for, for like, if you came for a game, I think you'd have a great time. I have. I've been to Indy a million times. Pacers Playoffs? No, did a, did the Super Bowl there. We did a just Hardcore hardcore basketball fans, man. It's our people. They're all there. Just love basketball. Stanford, Steve and I drove over to Butler Yeah.


To check it out. And then it was pretty obvious 'cause there was a rack of balls and the guy was looking at us, he's like, how bad do you want to get a couple shots up? And it was like insanely bad. Yeah. He was like, okay, you're not supposed to but like you can. Oh, no problem. Which was a lot different than when we were at UNC and Roy Williams told me I could get shots up after the practice was over. I was like, all right, no problem. And then somebody came over and screamed at me. Ugh. He was like, what you doing? And I was like, Roy said it was fine. And she was like, okay. Turned around. That's all I needed to know. That was like the time, anytime I was at Eugene, like, what are you doing in this? And I'd be like, chip said it was fine. Like, okay, that's a good, that's a good thing to have.


Anyway, the point is, is that Indie, we drove out to go see Tom Green, coach the Hoosiers. So Van Pel and I drove out to Bloomington and we spent the afternoon there. Got outta there pretty quick. So I can't say that I know Bloomington super well. But then I did a bunch of Big 10 championship games. We did the Wisconsin Win. There was another one in there. Why You for a Pacers playoff game. A couple people mentioned it. I, my approval rating is not very high in that state after the college football season. So I think I have Indie down. No, you're back. The Pacers thing. No, I'm not Now, now that you've circled back with the Pacers that they, I think big comeback is pretty, I just, I wanna push back a little bit that it feels like a Resc town because I don't Why just they love sports.


That's true. That's true. Real. They love American People. Yeah, no, I like that salt of the earth. My Only criticism is the, the San Omo shrimp. I don't like when you're touting the food and it's, it's, it's good. It's fine. But if it's gonna be like, like a marketing thing, I really wanna have my socks knocked off and it's not there. I'm sorry. Van Pel Hated it as much as any single person has ever hated anything. The St. Elmo shrimp. Yeah. He, because I'd had it Stanford, Steve and I probably got in earlier. Van Pelt would get there when he needed to get there. And then I think we went back again and it really becomes the hang too.


You know, it's, it's not just the restaurant, it's the hangs Multiple floors. There's nooks and crannies. You go around and yeah, it's good. And no one loves saying almost more than you do. So Van Pels sitting there and he, he was like, we're watching him about to eat it and he's looking at us. He's like, what? What? What's gonna happen? Is it really hot or something? It's really hot. Are you guys fucking with me? And we were like, just eat the shrimp dude. It's not that big of a deal. And he like, kind of like halfway through a couple chomps spits it right out. Was like, this is, what is that? We're like, it's horseradish. You know, it's, it's, that's the whole thing. It's kind of clears you out a little bit. He's like, that's that's the dumbest thing ever invented. He was so mad.


He's so mad about it. It might've been the first time he didn't pay for the dinner. Wow. Because his thing is he always pays for every dinner no matter what all the time. And I think that night he may have just been like, protest. I went for drinks there and I ordered a ranch water. Oh look at you is a Yellowstone. It's tequila for the people listening. Tequila club soda and lime. They brought the ranch water. They brought me a glass. It was like a triple tequila with a little bottle of club soda next to it and tequila had lime in it. I'm like, and they're like, watch. And the the waitress said Watch out for this. That's all tequila.


And I'm like, I ordered a ranch water. And she's like, this is how we serve it here. They make it giant glass of tequila, not the premix. Put some lime in it and then I can pour the club soda in if I want. Yeah. It's their version of it. It's also called the tequila soda I believe in other places. It's called the don't drive after you have this, I think was the actual, actual thing for it. But it was pretty impressive. Anyway. All right Celo, I'll see you in a week. We gotta do the finals will probably be over by then. There's a chance we'll be coming on after game seven of the NBA finals maybe a week from now. Why not? Can't be ruled out. You're the biggest Pacers believe you and Windhorst. You guys are looking at property there.


I'm trying to, I I don't think it's gonna be a game five for them, but it would have to be a game six. One last awesome run. You were just there two days. How can you not believe after you were in that building? I, I Lou dot psyched me out. That's, that's what happened. But so we'll be Sunday night at some point. Can see anyone say anything offensive to you in person? No, people were great. Okay. Indiana's great. Just wanna check. Alright, thank thanks to Eduardo and everybody else behind the scenes as well. Don't forget rewatch what's coming Tuesday. And I think I'm gonna have something else tomorrow night. So we'll see. Anyway. Bye ol, See you Must be 21 plus in President select states for Kansas.


An affiliation with Kansas Star Casino are 18 plus and President DC Gambling problem. Call 100 GAMBLER. Visit rg help.com. Call 1 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org/chat in Connecticut. Or visit md gambling help.org in Maryland. Hope is here. Visit a gambling helpline ma.org or call 803 2 7 50 50 for twenty four seven. Support Massachusetts. Or call 1 8 7 7 8 Hope ny. Or text Hope NY in New York.