
Coming up part two of the Thursday BS pod extravaganza. A lot of football and a lot of basketball. Next, it's The Bill Simmons Podcast.


Presented by FanDuel Football is in full action. FanDuel's highest rated sports book is the best place to bet it all. We've been doing pretty well on million dollar picks this year. I love the first month of the season because you have to go into the season thinking. I think Pittsburgh's gonna be good. I think the Chargers are gonna be good. I think Seattle's gonna be good. And then trying to back what you think in those first few weeks. And then zag the other way. if you were wrong, you could bid on new and fun markets on FanDuel. Like to catch a pass. Same game parlays highest scoring game across the Sunday Slate offensive tds in the next drive. They have so much stuff. It's crazy. The app is safe and secure and easy to use. And when you win, you'll get paid instantly. Plus, look out for FanDuel Squares this season. Here's what you have to do. Visit FanDuel dot com slash bs to download America's number one sports book. The Ringer is committed to responsible gaming. Please visit rg help.com to learn more about the resources and helplines available. And listen to the end of the episode for additional details. You must be 21 plus and President in select states gambling problem called win hundred gambler or visit rg help.com.


This episode is brought to you by State Farm. State Farm helps you score an affordable price when you choose to bundle home and auto insurance with a personal price plan. Bundling home and auto. That's a pro move. Just another way you can save on your insurance needs. Talk to a State Farm agent today to learn how you can bundle and save with the personal price plan like a good neighbor. State Farm is there. Prices are based on rating plans that vary by state coverage. Options are selected by the customer availability. Amount of discounts and savings and eligibility vary by state.


We're also brought to you by The Ringer. Podcast Network. if you miss part one on this podcast, it's up. We talk basketball. We talked UFC. We talked Yankees with my buddy Jacko. Part two is Coming up right now at dinner and League Pass draft with Big Ws and Chris Ryan and Rob Mahoney. And then I brought in Sheil Kapadia and Anthony Dund to help me with million dollar picks for week eight. We have a little momentum going. Can we keep it up? It is all next. First. Our friends from Pearl Jam.


All right. We're taping this. It is one 30 Pacific Time. Thursday here with Chris Ryan to Charles Nelson Riley of The Ringer at 17 podcasts this week. This is the one that counts though, man. This is the one that matters. I appreciate that Sierra Big was. Yes sir. How are you? I'm happy. Good to see you. You're ha Yeah. You love, this is your time of year. Yeah, It is. Especially like Hope Springs Eternal for all of these teams for at least the next month. Mm. And And the one and only Rob. Mahoney. Hi. Who's somehow breaking down the NBA again and not weird shows on Apple. It's getting weirder. You can't, you do both. Yeah. We'll find out. What's That new show with Kevin Klein? Where disclaimer. Yeah. Yeah. My mom was like this best show in a while.


My mom's 76. Yep. She hasn't gotten to episode five yet. I can Tell you. Well, she, she likes super weird. So anyway, it seems disturbing. So we're gonna do League Pass rankings, which is great. 'cause we we're actually supposed to do this on Tuesday and fate intervened. I got super sick. But I'm glad we got to see two days of games. 'cause I feel like this is a better way to do it. Yeah. Now I have a better feel for the season. So shout out to Zach Lowe, back in the day at Grantland, we came up with the league pass rankings I think in 12 or 13. Yeah. Yeah. We had five categories. I went back and read what the categories were. They're gonna shape what we do for this. So you can't just be, you can't just say Brooklyn's my number one because literally Why would you? Yeah. Who, who did you think would say I'm Wait till we get to Brooklyn.


All right. Category number one is relevancy to the playoff picture. Category number two is Herp hoop Nerd gasm potential. Category number three is the League Pass experience, which was a big passion of Zach's and still is announcing teams sideline reporting uniforms. The mascot, like the, the Clippers last night just was a 10 outta 10 with how weird that was. Fucking guy came outta the rafters to, what's that guy's name? Their mascot dropped from the Raptors. I actually don't know Owen Heart style. It was terrifying. Yeah, I Didn't know that was going on. Yeah, They have the, like, they're all excited. I was worried. I was me mesmerized by the wall, but I didn't see, well, The wall was cool. We sure it wasn't James Arden.


He didn't come down. No. Category number four, individual player appeal. And then category number five. The most important for all of us is unintentional comedy, irrational affection and personality and tangibles. I'm just gonna make this easy Sierra. I'm giving you first pick. Oh you are. And we'll just go around. Okay. And there's no snake fashion. Okay. There's No real way to win this. But, so We'll just get started. You didn't wanna do any headlines, you didn't want to ask any embiid questions. Nothing. We'll get there will be mentioned at something during the pod and as we hit each pod, each team, we'll we'll talk about, you know, variables. Like is your best player ever gonna play? So why did they give him an extension when he's not healthy? Those are questions we'll ask.


We're not there yet. With the first pick. I'm gonna go with the Minnesota Timberwolves. Explain. Ant is my favorite current professional athlete. Wow. Cool. I think even within Over Angel Reese, In a day and a half, he has managed to already make like hilarious content out of one game where he told Brony he didn't need to take a shower. I love that so much. He yelled at Vander said, you haven't played in two Years. Yeah. And seemed angry about it. Yeah. Did Vanderbilt chirp at him? Like what happened? They used to be teammates. Yeah. I familiar familiarity factor. The Brian thing killed me If there was a premium tier to pay a thousand dollars per season to have ant miked.


Yeah. Yeah. And it was just going into my AirPods. I, I don't even know if a thousand would be too high. Like I would would pay pretty much anything and I would just expense it to you. Well there's a new level with swagger with him because now he played with all the best guys. Yeah. So now he's on the court with LeBron and he is just like, ah, fine, I'll talk shit with him. We, Yeah. And LeBron probably guy edited him out of starting five a little bit. So, so didn't Steal this show. Then you add the Dante piece, which is the, this weird revenge tour that he's on that seems to be metastasizing beyond even the K Nicks. And it's like he's angry and playing hard. I, I think that they're just gonna have like a tougher, more competitive, more fuck you team without Kat and Don't forget the Go Bear piece. And There's Go Bear. Yeah.


There's Go Bear. Just go out there and getting choked out. So I think it's just a really exciting nights to night team that's gonna be in the mix for the title. Just to tear down your team right off the bat. Okay. How do you feel about the thing you love most? Watching Anthony Edwards play basketball being actively stifled Every possession by Julius Randall doing jab steps, Whatever It is that Julius Randall wants to do. You, You don't like Julius Randall Jab step? I actually, I'm like a big supporter of Kentucky alumnus across the board. So I'm excited actually. 'cause I also think Randall at least is saying the right things where he is like, you know what? I can pass. I've just been in situations where they've asked me to take 26 shots at games. So I'm sure it'll clog up the lane a little bit. Yeah.


I told Woz before we started that I had Minnesota second and I moved them down six spots after watching Randall for two hours. I was just like, wow. I just don't like watching Forgot. I just don't like watching him play basketball. Nothing personal. I'm sure he is a great guy, But I bet for all of us Minnesota's towards the top of the board. Right? 100%. They're fun, they're interesting. They're gonna be good and competing for things. And the gobert part of it, like having a guy on your team that everybody else wants to dunk on, rockets them up a ranking like this. Yes. Also, speaking of Kentucky alumnus, Dillingham, I'm, I'm like already like, Do we think he's gonna play? I, it just, I, when he does, I think he's jumping out of the building. Got you. It would be funny if there was like an actor or an actress like Gobert that everybody who did a scene with them just wanted to destroy them from the scene.


Maybe Like Tay Diggs people are just saying, I fucking destroy Tay Diggs. Hey Gobert brings something special out of everybody's got a gripe. Everybody hate, there's like American foreign stuff with him. There's defensive player, the air stuff. There's guy, there's inter French beef. Yeah. Yeah. He's just despised. It's bizarre. Yeah. He's the individual version of like Memphis who like everybody hates Yeah. As a team. Right. Rudy's just that individual for every single NBA player foreign that the guys hate 'em. Listen, I didn't agree with the first pick, but I see you. I see you cr I see You. You've been putting the word cr I see you Chris. Ryan. What do you have for number two wise?


My number man, I didn't know I was gonna be put in this position to draft you. Don't. The I I'm tier rankings. You know what? I'm gonna go with Oklahoma City. This is, This is the pick I think, which I think everybody's really excited about watching them. It's not just Shea, it's J Dub. It's Chet. For me specifically, I'm a big, big check guy. The new additions Hartenstein got hurt. A lot of people said I jinxed it. 'cause I said their on our pod. I said their depth was unbeatable. Yeah. And then he got hurt the next day. What power? You have Know. We did, we did the over under, we all did over lock 57 and a half. And I think he broke his hand listening to the podcast. Yeah. But I still think they can hit it. Yeah. It is just young guys.


The my favorite thing about League Pass outside of like great teams is like a sense of discovery. Yeah. Watching guys week after week, like learn new things, beat new things, like, or teams discover things about them and then they overcome that adjustment by other teams is so, I think OKC has it all. They have the top to bottom talent and then they have this sense that like, you're gonna be learning new things about their potential every single week. Yeah. And every single game. It's not even like, is this guy having a great week? It's, oh, I didn't know Cason Wallace could do that. Right. I, I didn't know these guys could pop off in that way. And they're so deep. They have so many interesting players. I'm, I'm not worried about the Thunder to say the least thing. They're gonna be awesome to watch. Do you think there's any like over it's like too predictable how good they're gonna be. Like, I was thinking about This, it's in Boston Last year.


I would love like a crazy midseason coy, presti move like trade for Kauai. You know, like just do something nuts to like upset the apple cart. He's Never guy one time in his entire, I think the Hayward thing also probably scared him off of doing that ever again too. Dave even elicited a terrible Kendrick Perkins take before the season started. What was that take? How SGA needs to cut his scoring down to 24 points a game and get other guys involved. It's very Specific. It's Like other guys involved. He's, it's like one of the most inclusive stars We have Entirely driving. What is that take? It's like him and Steph Curry. Like where are The producers on those shows? No, Kendrick. No. Please don't say that. I like the discovery thing. I especially like with League Pass day in, day out when guys get scratched.


Guys aren't playing or you're just flipping around in second quarters. I like, I feel like for League Pass you need kind of a bench that can either be really good or really weird Disaster. Yeah. Really weird is like, there's a couple teams that we'll get to where you're just like, wow, this guy. Yeah. Holy shit. Yeah. Which I think is fun. Now that burns off what? By November or December. We're like, all right. But that's Where them having all this stuff too trade, even if it isn't a Cokey trade. Yeah. Like they could mix it up anytime they want to and they could, they could have a slightly different team or a very different team by February. And I think that potential makes them super watchable too. This Is a, this is a good character for us to develop is Coke Presti Coke Up Presti and what he could do with all these picks.


So It's like Saul Rubinic and True Romance Screaming at goward me in The, Alright, okayc, now you're up, Rob. This is, I, I feel like this is a easy pick but you won't make it. What does that mean? No, You don't think you're gonna make the pick. You should make, I'm gonna take the San Antonio Spurs. Wow. Easy reason, straightforward reason. Although look, I'm also gonna talk your ear off about Chris Paul and how much I'm looking forward to seeing him there. I just have no idea what Wimpy is capable of. And I very much look forward to seeing what that is. And Paul's already resting. I No, I'm not. Don't worry about it. Okay. Don't worry about it. He's gonna be fine.


Chris Paul is theoretical. Theoretical. Yeah. He's, he's like Kawa Leonard. Their, their bodies are shot. That's incredibly rude. They're not gonna play. These guys don't play. But the reason why, look, I was quite idiotically skeptical of when being very vocally skeptical when he, when he got Performatively America first Skeptical. Yeah. I was like, oh, what? He did it in the French League. Gimme a break. Do it in the a c Obviously I was wrong, but my thing about the Spurs, why they're lower on my list. I don't care about anybody else on that team. Like not a one other player. Do I get geek to watch even though Weby is, yes. You know, he's trans transcended.


But you know, I like to pick. You're Not into Harrison Barnes like that. Harry Barnes doesn't do it for me. Poor Harry. No, But Stefan Castle though, like they do have interesting young guys. He's a nice rookie year. So some pop, some intrigue, obviously everything that Weby So at the point I'm, come on. Yeah. Stefan Castle. Yeah. Yukon. I hated the feeling last season when you would watch the Spurs and Weby would have like, he'd be drawing like a triple double in the first quarter and then pop would just go against all vibes and just pull him out for like most of the second, or, you know, sit, sit him like with just like unrepentant, just like we're managing it, we're managing it. It's like people wanna watch this guy explode, right? Let's go. Yeah. I had them like in the eight to 10 range, because I'm with Woz, I really only wanna watch Weby.


I don't know if Castle's ready yet, but the thing with Weby is anytime he gets going or makes some crazy play, I'm gonna see it on my phone in five seconds. Right. Yeah. So all the stuff that he did last year or when he had like the 17 points in six minutes in third quarter, like you start hearing about it as it's happening, just go over and get it. So, I don't know, I still don't know what this team wants to be. They're not A lot of, not be that good Yet. Yeah. I don't feel like they will and they're over under, I thought was pretty high. But there's some people really going in on them being good. And I, I just think Chris Paul's too old. I, I'm with Woz, like all of the evidence in NBA history is against point guards little guys in at his age being really good.


I don't see it. He's not gonna play a ton of games, but when he is out there, he will actually throw the ball to Victor Wema, which is something that they needed. Yeah. And I think I hear your point about the highlights. I think it's well founded. The thing you will miss is Ban Yama trying shit that doesn't work. And he has some of the most elaborate and incredible like, near highlights of any player in the league. The time he jumps at a ball but can't quite block it or goal tended the threes he'll attempt. Like I wanna see all that stuff in addition to the great highlight place. I have Orlando at number four. That's the team that I should have drafted. Well, I'm not talking down jam about love, love the magic Here. Here's why I have a bunch of, bunch of reasons. One is I think they're really fun to watch two Sir Rudy's hair.


And I just wanted to make his, he's shout out, Got a big smile on his face for those at home. Three, I think they're the discovery team this year. Along the lines of what OKC was last year where, and we, we were banking on this when we did the over unders. I know you guys liked them too. Like the 47 wins last year. It felt like a vanny team in the league. Them or Cleveland had a chance to, to jump. But I, I loved what they did last night. There was a real killer instinct with them. Palo I is clearly just a level higher than he was last year. And I wanna just watch them because I don't know what their ceiling is. Like. I watched last night and I know it's early. I'm not trying to overreact after one game and I wanna see the Knicks game 25.


Right. I'm not gonna judge the Knicks after one game. Sure. Let's wait till 25. Let's see when Mitchell Robinson comes back. But Orlando's really fucking hard to play. And Sir Rudy made the key point when we're talking about it today, they can just play well for six minutes and go on like a 19 to one run. Yep. And you're like, what? You know, they're almost like a football team that can score points in bunches. They're just really scary. I I was scared last night watching them for the Celtics and then the Palo piece is the X factor for a league pass. Like he's just gonna have nights where he puts up 38 and 20 and nine assists. So that's my fourth pick. What I like about them too for a League Pass team is their style is very distinct. Like nobody's as Yeah. Physical as they are. Nobody's as downhill as they are.


Their, their entire core is young guys who are still trying to establish and prove themselves. That's what I really like about Orlando. Yeah. It's like I'm not, you're not gonna watch a team that plays that style where they're just like hitting you. Yeah. The entire freaking game. Several teams in the Eastern Conference, especially the favorites, are all kind of like on a almost organizational load management program. You know, where you're like, oh yeah, you guys are gonna build up to the spring. Yes. There's a couple like this one, the one that I might pick next that you're like, man, every single night I bet you guys are gonna go for it. You're all, You're gonna have like protect these things From co not playing. Yeah. So like I think that's a, that's a cool pick. There's also A version of a defense first team that is not that fun to watch.


That's like a real slog the magic or not that like Yeah, watch Jalen Suggs play defense. He's flying around, he's hounding everybody. He's gonna make every guard's life m talking tons of shit. But great vibes on the magic side. Like they have so many guys who are very physical but super watchable. Yeah. So one other thing with this from a League Pass standpoint, because they did, and they started this last year where they basically show the jumbotron camera during the timeouts. So you just stay with the feed. Orlando's got one of the most lit crowds. Yeah. Yeah. That's cool. It It just cougars everywhere. Yeah. It's a lot of offseason. Pro golfers. Lot of offseason. Yeah. Weird celebrities like golfers and nacon drivers.


There's older rich guys sit in the front row with some wife that's like 40 years younger than than him. I just, I actually really see Rob shaking and say I really enjoy their time Now. Rob chops on a trip to Disney World. That's, I'm just trying, I'm just trying to get out of this room. I'm just trying to get away from this table right now. Cougar Central, the Orlando Magic Show. It's pretty funny. All right Chris, you're up. All right. Number five. Pick. So there's an extra element I'll just throw into one of Zach's criteria there, which is something that's more recent for me, but it is fantasy and I got Mobley this season. Oh hell yeah. And lemme tell you, small, small theater sample size. Yeah. Yeah. Mobley Mobley in the Atkinson program might be incredible.


And we've been waiting for this like Tim Duncan next generation thing to happen. It's only one game. Yeah. But I think that Cleveland looks like we're the kind of team you wanna watch every single day. A stockbroker is still hammering me about all the My Moby position. Yeah. Just say we are just overextended. Is it Considered insider trading for I'm also incredibly over leveraged in Evan Mobley stock. Yes. If we talk him up on this pod, is that, is that a crime of some kind? I Think it's very smart. Okay. 25 8 and three in 27 minutes last Night. And that's the other team that kind of has the look a little bit. Yeah. Like granted one game sample size, but they did all the right things in the off season. They got Mitch to commit and, And if you're Cleveland you can't really afford to be like, we'll we'll start playing hard in February.


It's like, no, you guys gotta like guess That. Yeah. They have to do it now. And I think Atkinson is bringing just a whole new dynamic. Rob mentioned it on the live stream yesterday where he's like, yo Mobley, we're gonna give you the ball and actually allow you to do something with it. We're not gonna treat you like some traditional big Yeah. And give it to you on the block and think you're gonna dream shake people to death. Like that's not how he's doing. He's just more creative Yeah. Than the last coaches. And I think that's reason in and of itself, even though like it's the whole team is back from last year. If they're just healthier and more creative on offense specifically, then yeah. They, they definitely worth a watch. I also don't wanna let the larger conversation about Donovan Mitchell cloud, the fact that he's fucking watchable every time he's on the floor.


Super, super fun to watch. Yeah. Also, Especially them against a good team. Absolutely. It's gonna be entertaining On the west coast. Those, those central times zone games are very in the sweet spot of you've gotten home from work, you can throw it on as you're making dinner, you can check in with them. Definitely. Wow. That's six pick. This is easy for me. It's the Philadelphia 76ers for, for both sides of it. One because I do think legitimately when everybody's available, this can be a really good to great team. Just the talent that's available. The other thing, so just on a talent contender, we all know that went on paper. The other thing that I like is that I know for a fact the entire fan base is ready to turn on these guys.


The second Ready, The second that it doesn't Locked and loaded, They're ready to kill these dudes. So it's like both of those elements, like do they fulfill their potential? Do we just watch one of the worst car crashes of recent memory? Paul George had an excuse. He has a bruised knee. Those hurt. That is, that's a two week injury. That was a real injury. Yeah. Like my daughter just had that in soccer. It fucking hurt. She was limping around for two weeks. You can't, there's no way to heal it And beat his That's For my daughter Paul George season. Huh? He's recovering from the all Season. The MB thing is where it's hard Work losing 25 pounds. Right. He lost too much weight. That's a lot of cardio. Yeah. Explain the extension to me. Cr You gotta, I mean like I like you're gonna really play like show us, prove it to us with bead.


I don't, how about Yes. Show me another example in the NBA of that happening right now. I, as you know, I don't, I don't understand why the corporates did it with Kauai. Yeah. I don't understand the point of these extensions when you have no idea if the guy's gonna be healthy three months from now. I'd rather be like, I think they're moving into a Newbuilding should have extended him. He is healthy, they're Moving into a new building and they need to have like a stable face of the franchise. And Maxie for as much as he is beloved in the city is not there yet. Also He's awesome. Are are, he is pretending Joellen beads not good. Like he's hurt a lot. The playoff concerns are what they are. But he's an excellent player who I like I would be in business with that idea. He didn't look healthy in the Olympics. He didn't look healthy in the playoffs. Nope. And now he's not healthy that six months.


Yeah, but you're not playing for now. You're hoping that he's healthy by May. Yeah. That's the example of what I was saying where it's like, do you really wanna watch the Sixers in December? Probably not now. You know, I just wanna say no free has ever said this before as like a selling point to their fans. We only care about the playoffs. No fucking kidding. Everyone cares about the playoffs. The thing, oh whoa. This is new theory. We only care about the postseason. Okay. The problem. Cool. The problem, the problem with taking that stance if you're the Sixers is that you've never done anything. Yeah. Right. Like if Boston decided to tomorrow like, yo, we're chilling until the playoffs. He's like, yo, they, they've been going to final conference Finals. He didn't say chilling until the playoffs. He said, I wanna be as healthy as possible for the playoffs and that means I'm gonna try and monitor my body.


I don't care about MVP, I don't care about all NBA. The extension is done. It's all about being healthy. I'm just playing devil's advocate. Yeah. He wasn't like, I don't give a shit until the playoffs Start. I think it, I just think it's a weird decision to treat the regular season. Like, you know when you go to a restaurant that there's the 20% gratuity automatically and then they're like, you can put a plus three if you want. And it's like that's how he's treating the regular season. Like that's plus three. It's like, it's optional. Like I didn't mean, it's not that important I've ever, you know, the gratuity is happening already. Right. All right. It's just like, I don't care. That's what it feels like. And it's to with a brand new roster construction again, like I bring up Boston 'cause they've had sustained success.


It's like conference finals, finals all the time for six years. So if they're like, look, we get the regular season, we're worried about getting to our final destination. There's credibility there for a team that just got constructed to be like, we're gonna figure out what kind of team we are in the playoffs. That doesn't make any sense to me From a League Pass perspective. Here's what I'm not looking forward to is this exact conversation. Every time I see a visiting or an opposing Podcast last, they didn't make one of the three TVs for me last night. It's like, I don't want this a National game watch Drummond. Like no thank you. I'll be tuned in as long as two of the big three are in. Did they get bumped off for Tubi? No, I had three other games. Okay. you can get League pass on three different outlets.


So I had all three. Rob, you're a conspiracy guy based on some of your TV watching. Wow. Okay. This is like an Apple TV question. Is this just an excuse and beads not healthy? And this is like, they sat in a room for five hours and they were like, eh, let's do a whole, we only care about the playoffs. We just wanna get him ready. Like how, this Is one random quote that made, he's Maybe, you guys are making it sound like this. Like maybe it's not healthy. They're not putting up billboards in Philly that say Sixers just wait for the playoffs. I'm just, We're seasoned with this with five years of Kawai. Okay. I'm just saying because like before this Is five years of Kawai, which same blueprint of like, ah, you know, leading Up to the, being careful to the Paul George injury. I would say that this has been the most enthusiastic people have been about the Sixers in a long time.


Yeah. Like where it was just like, holy shit, this actually worked. You actually did sign a guy into cap space. He actually might be the perfect third Wheel. People are enthusiastic for the Joker too. Were they, I thought he drafted them. You know what I mean? Like I feel like I have to defend these guys. No, look, again, like I said, as long as Joelle or Paul Georgia on the, on the court, two of the big three Maxie. I'm gonna be interested to see how those guys work. Yep. Particularly Paul George around Joel and Bead. 'cause he's never played with that kind of player before. And Joel's never played. Well he had the one season of Jimmy, but he's never played with a wing. That's, that's He's never had a wing.


That's also like, I'm happy to be like the beta here. Like Jimmy was obviously like, you know, he would go in and out of like, wanting to be like the, the, the playmaker. I hate this. He's also never played with someone like Han Bule. And I'm not afraid to say it. Yahoo. Fun guy. None of this is passed in the spell test for me. Okay. None of it. That was W's pick. That's my pick. I And I think they're putting too much pressure on Maxie because now Maxie he's fine. Is becoming, it's like when this, I remember writing about this a million years ago. It happened with David West in New Orleans. Everybody talked about how great he was. So often it was like he somehow became overrated by not doing anything.


And Maxie, it's like, oh, Maxie, I love Maxie. Like, oh, he could be the face of the franchise. It's like, can we see Maxie? Like be the best guy in a team for three weeks in a row before? Why? Okay. I just Wanted, you can see one of the 10 best guard in the league right now. Mooz picked them. Yeah. And second of all, this is the league pass rankings draft. And now it's just been like unloading on the Sixers for five Minutes. Well that's what we knew here. Yeah. And it's unloading them for them for like what they've done in the playoffs. We blaze the magic. We're these guys fighters every single Night. That's right. That's right. That's right. But I think to me again, I think the, the human interest of it appeals to me. Okay. Like Joelle's story, Paul George's story even, you know, Darrell's story, right?


Like, I like the, the way this team is put together and how all in it feels like that's compelling to me. Yes. Isn't so. I'm paying attention. It's a burn the ship team. Yeah man. For sure. Good luck. We're gonna take a break and let's see our regroup. Pick up a win.


This NFL game day on FanDuel America's number one sports book. Right now all customers get a profit boost every single NFL game day. That means you can pop up your grided iron winnings multiple times a week. FanDuel has tons of ways you can get it on the NFL action bet on money lines, player props, game day specials, fun parlays, whatever you want. Plus super simple live betting lightning fast bet settlement and instant withdrawals. FanDuel makes betting on the NFL easier than their before. Visit FanDuel dot com slash bs and download FanDuel Today must be 21 plus president. Select states 18 plus President DC Opt-in required bonus issued has no drop but profit Boost tokens restrictions apply including token expiration C terms for both offers at sportsbook. Do fan.com give problem call 100 gambler or visit rg


help.com.


This episode is brought to you by SimpliSafe. Let's talk defense for a moment. Not the kind you say in the field. I'm talking about what you're doing to protect your home. I personally like to use SimpliSafe. They have my back 24 7, even more so right now with their new active guard outdoor protection. Because if somebody's circling in your house, they wanna maybe peek through some windows to check if some doors are unlocked, you have active guard outdoor protection. They're gonna be way less ready to do that. And by the way, the holidays are coming. Think about, this is like the Super Bowl for burglars. The summer. That's probably the NBA finals. And the the holidays is the Super Bowl. They can't wait for you to leave presents in the house. They can't wait for you to go to Christmas parties. The best thing SimpliSafe does gives you peace of mind. Everyone deserves to have peace of mind. That's why I have partnered with SimpliSafe to give you guys an exclusive discount. Right now, you can get 50% off their new security system with a select professional monitoring plan. Just visit SimpliSafe dot com slash bs. 50% off this offer is only valid for one week. So visit the website now. SimpliSafe for two is SimpliSafe dot com slash bs. There's no safe


like SimpliSafe. Alright, coming back somehow. We've only done six teams. Rob Mahoney is up with pick seven. I'm gonna take a team that is in close games all the time. Usually 'cause they're blowing lots of leads. At least that was the case last season. Also crucially on the league pass side of things, as Chris pointed out, I'm going the other side of the time bracket. Right? West Coast's kind of a tough slot this year. Not a lot of teams I'm super invested in except the Sacramento Kings. Mm. Give me the cardiac kings. They found every way to blow games last year. Now let's put DeMar de Rose. Let's Have a closer, let's have Two of the best closers in the league between him and Deer and Fox. It's a weird basketball fit. I wanna see if it works. They have an overall alignment that I think if they put two other stars on the floor at all times could be result in like really high level baseline play all the time.


I'm excited to see it. I'll be committed to watching them all season for the fun factor. And again, 'cause their style is so distinct, even though I know that they will not do anything in the playoffs as constructed, just, it may Not even make it to be honest. Right. I but don't know. It was just the visceral like feeling of watching these guys play so fast and be committed to that style that like every single team every year says, yeah, we're gonna play with more space this year. And like never does it. But Sacramento's gonna actually do it and deliver while playing. Absolutely no defense. But I'm still here for it. They're, they, they might be the most entertaining team on the west coast, Right? Incredibly. Yeah. They Were entertaining last year. Yeah. Yeah. And now the the Rosen thing makes it even better.


I, I feel like we can't lose with the Kings because if it doesn't go that well then it's just becomes the Aaron Fox trade machine time. Mm Oh Yeah. 'cause you didn't let's an extension, right? Yeah. Let's Go, let's start making up trades with him. Coke Presty on the phone. Coke Presty Is like, hello. What's the Scarface thing where They're Like, ah, Tony. But I, I actually think they're gonna go be more entertaining would be my my pick for them. I like their team. Yeah. I thought, you know, they won 48 and 46 the last two years. I don't know why they would go backwards. Also pretty fun arena. And when it's close games it gets pretty, Pretty much there. Yeah. From a League Pass standpoint, a lot of good stuff. Completely from from that. Like, I like Light the beam. I like their fans, their games always have a good atmosphere.


So strong pick. I'm taking the Celtics eight and this Sucks. Well, you're, you're picking your own team. Well They're really fun to watch. They shoot a shitload of threes. They have two of the best. Can I tell you on behalf of our, of our nation who all love you and love your podcasting. They're not that fun to watch. They're fun to watch. They have some of the best players in the league. Show Of hands. Does anybody find the fucking Celtics fun to watch? They're Like in the middle of my ranking. Okay. Yeah. Here's my question. It's my pick. Is there Anything left to discover that we Dunno that's, yeah. So here, so I'm gonna make the case why this should Be higher. Oh, Chris had to ask this. I I think there's a chance, and my fingers crossed sometimes when a team wins the title the next year they come back and they actually go up a level like, and Steve Curtis talked about this.


'cause I remember talking to him about this from my book. There's a weird confidence that comes into play and I felt like they had that in that next game. So I'm intrigued by how hard they go this season. I think they're gonna have a lot of blowout wins. I think Tatum is really motivated, is a Lot of blowout wins Good for League Pass. Well, it's more, it's good for you. Yeah, that's fair. That's fair. But it's, it's interesting to watch these teams try to figure out, they're just bouncing around the schedule. Every team has these weaknesses and then they come in and the Celtics have 40 threes in the first half. These teams, they almost don't know. It's almost like in football when you play those teams that are just throwing it every down. Sure. You're just like, what's happening?


No other team plays like this. I don't know. There's a vibe. I think the atmosphere is good. Yeah. They like the announcers and I don't know, IJI just think they're really good to watch. I'm more interested in them for non basketball reasons. I'm interested in them for Missoula post game quotes. Absolutely. I'm interested in them for who, who's the worst person they could possibly be sold to who will bankrupt the team. And That is a conversation topic right now. Celtic Extinction, they're Six months they're gonna be on here like defending sovereign wealth funds. Yeah. I'm looking forward to it. Look, Abu Dhabi, you take the phone call, You can't judge Shouts to NBS. Yeah. But no, I I actually on our show yesterday, I think the Celtics could win 70 games this year.


I really do. I think there's enough. Fuck you factor to Tatum with the Olympics. Brown. With the Olympics. Joe Missoula, who nobody respects still, even though he just won a championship. I think legitimately these guys, you know this like, nobody believed in us and nobody respects us. Like Jordan just completely made it up outta thin air. Wasn't true with the Celtics. It's true. Yeah. Like they've been legitimately disrespected, especially on an individual level. So I could see them chasing 70 wins or even trying to break the record and they got the talent, they got the continuity to do it. I I really do see them as like a 2016 Warriors type. Yeah. If they hit that streak in the middle of the season where it's like the heat when they were on their run or the rockets where it's like, yeah, that would Be Interesting.


Yeah. 18 regular season wins in a row. Like we're locked in for 19, you know, like we wanna see if they can pull that kind of stuff Off. One thing, I forgot to mention this in my League pass case, they've mastered the regular season, I think out of all the teams where they'll just rest one guy and then it'll be like, Sam Hazzard, it's your night. So this is, But this is cool. Cool. In the, here you go. No, but they, they have an infrastructure where they fit these people in and they actually make sense in the game. Yeah. Versus like, oh, and beads playing that. Well, there's No reason Ricky Council can't be getting blooded by the, the, you know, Nick nurse and it's just all far of the plan. But I like as a fan and it's like, oh, it's gonna be a Peyton Pritchard. Let's like, let's call him loose game anyway. See how you're up For pure aesthetic reasons.


And, and we were talking a little bit about like, everybody wants to push the ball. Nobody pushes the ball like the Pacers. Yep. So I'm gonna go with them. I RINs back, which is, you know, the kind of thing you say on a podcast. But I actually love Benedict Mathen. Me too. He brings a little bit of that crazy fuck you energy to the games. Halliburton presumably does not have a hamstring injury right now. And they're just a really exciting team. Is he Gonna be good again or are we just, that's never happening. He comes Justin very, he just went to the corporate finals. Like Yeah, but that was kind of like a fluky blazers. See There's some flukes involved, but he was still good. Like their their offense was still good. Yes. And he's driving their offense. So It when we Is he gonna be good again though? When When we saw him at in season tournament?


Yeah. Like he was in, he was MVP level. Right. And that's when I was really like, when I saw it in person, I was like, damn. Like that's when I really joined the Halliburton train. But ever since he came back from that injury, he has not been that dude that was like doing the dame time to Milwaukee and like showing everybody up and just destroying people. So I think, but I think the level that he got in certain games against the Knicks is still a high quality all star level guy. This Might not be every single night. He Hasn't been MVP level. Like he was very early on. Yeah. His First two months. He was one of the four best guys in the league last year. Yeah. It was Crazy. Even yesterday. So I was watching Mather and had a look in his eye like, I'm here guys.


Yeah. I was the missing piece last year. He's a very clear out for me. He really is. What Was the video over the summer of him, like dominating Carmelo's son and like talking Him, I was like, this is the sicko stuff that I love, love that is when NBA players, like, I'm not even gonna let you get like a, an Instagram reel off me. No, he's, he's one of those guys who takes, you know, he takes the, the Challenge. I know Gilbert Arena is his kid. He takes the challenge of being like really good. Seriously. He dealt with a lot of nagging injuries last year. But, you know, a lot of times these guys we think in the second year is gonna happen and then it doesn't Then, you know, ultimately the third year becomes the year that they take that proverbial leap. They's so many young guys who's like, is Mathen gonna pop?


Is Neem Hardd gonna take a step forward? Knee Smith is Jarris Walker gonna give them anything? Like, I wanna see what all this Do. Is Jarris Walker a bust? What's going on with him? Two other things with them. They're a good opponent. They bring out really fun games from the other team. Yeah. And I like their home court. Yes. Like for League Pass. It's just fun to watch games there where the, the fans seem really close to the Court. It's like the only thing, it's like the field house, it's like almost like this throwback thing. And so it's also goes along with like McConnell pressing guys for the entire full court. It's like, it's just, they're fun games to watch. Fun time out stuff too with them. It's like Pacer fans. Let's honor Bob from Bob's hardware store. Shout out to Bob. Available for 60 years selling the best hardware in Gary, Indiana.


Bill, Your Heartland voice is Perfect. Thank you dude. Appreciate it. All right. You're up Wes. I can't believe they've lasted this long. It's Luca Doni the favorite to win the MVP, the Dallas Mavericks show. I just, I think Dallas is going back to the finals. Hmm. I think Luca's gonna win the MVP. I think they've constructed an even better roster around him this year around the edges. Clay Thompson is one thing. Najee Marshall's another. But I, I think also just going that far in the playoffs and learning what it takes to actually win, you know, at that level. I think Dallas is going to level up this season and you know, I'm excited about Derrick Lively.


I think I'm, I'm over the moon for him in terms of his potential and I just, you know, and the Kyrie thing of course is fun, you know, know the twisty layups and the handle and all of that stuff every single game. But really it's Luca who, you know, I was joking to Rob the other day, like my first next LeBron was Giannis, then it was Yoic. Now it's Luca. I really do think Luca is the next LeBron and his poise to like really make this thing happen. I have nothing to add. I think there are guys, look, there's some people where I think are turned off by Luca's style. Like how much he has the ball in his hands, how much he creates. I I'm turned off by Luca's style. I can't Love it. I can't, I can't connect with that. I think In Part for me it's like the longer his possessions go, the more dramatic they feel like his passes are so exceptional that I'm just like waiting to see how he gets himself out of the straight jacket a little Bit.


I think it's awesome in the playoffs it's a little bit of a tough beat on a Tuesday night. I Hear you. Yeah. And that's where you hope that the Kyrie factor, like the space they'll have with Clay, everything lively is gonna be popping off this season. That stuff will help. It's a tough beat for PJ Washington year two now that he is, it's not a new team anymore. Yeah. It's like, oof. Six months. I'm gonna just be in the left corner hoping, hoping I get past. So do you, are you kind of like completely neutral on this team? I don't love, I listen. I've talked about it before. I don't love the heliocentric. Yeah. Yeah. Hardened to me is like my idea of hell to watch. I didn't go last night. Granted I was sick last night, but I just, I just don't wanna drive 45 minutes to watch James Harden have the ball for two hours straight.


It just sounds horrible. Nothing against him. Some people like it. I just, that's not what I like, absolutely nothing against him. But no, I just don't Like that style of basketball. But Rob makes a good point. Like other people see it as like, this is amazing to watch this person solve all these machinations off the same thing over and over again. I just don't personally like It. They've made a lot of advances at the Intuit dome. It's like a new experience. I would love it if James Harden got a notification every time you're coming. So he's like 23 seconds at the top of the key. They're lunging into people. Yeah. I, I just bill Got up to go to the bathroom. I could pass him. Yeah. I would go to the bathroom every time. Goes to the bathroom hard's like, all right, I'll sit now when he comes back, let me know and I'll dribble for a While.


Who do you have? This team would've been very high for me except for opening night. I'm gonna take the New York Knicks. Mm. A lot to figure out. Yeah. I think the fact that they don't have a bench makes them a better regular season team in some ways. Like, I'm not gonna get a lot of bad minutes from guys who can't play. Like I think we're gonna find out pretty quickly if like Daddy a can be literally anything for them if campaign can be literally anything for them. But Jalen Brunson has to play. No. Well, But Jalen Brunson has to play huge minutes. Like their best players have to play huge minutes every night. And so it's almost the Knicks or the opposite of the Sixers problem, where their best guys are gonna be out there. Like they're, they're gonna run themselves into the ground to try to get this thing through. And I want to be there to watch it.


And I wanna see if they can solve some of the, the clutter that they had on opening night. For sure. I agree with Rob. I wanna watch just to watch Mikhail Bird just shoot. It's like it's rude. Really? Should be a six er with that, with that shot. His Last three was good though. Okay. You, You know, that one looks smooth. It looks, it was looking pretty gamey for the last couple of weeks was where do you stand on Bodega Cat? Look, my thing is the same. I like that he's the seventh most important voice in the room. Mm. That he's coming into a situation where like, nobody's ever called you the savior of the Knicks. You've never been the golden boy here. You're coming here and people are looking at you like you gotta assimilate to this culture. I love that aspect of it.


He's not being asked to lead anybody. 'cause let's face it, he couldn't do that. But like, I I, I think he's old enough and I don't wanna say wise enough, but like I think he'll get the hint that he has to conform to what they're trying to do. And I would hope that it's impressed upon him the sort of magnitude of what they're trying to accomplish there. Like what it would mean to the people in New York, the fans of that team, for them to actually live up to the expectations. Like, you know, Jalen Brunson so obviously gets it, like truly gets it. Like what this nick thing is. I just hope that Carl Towns gets to that, that point. And I think if he does, he's gonna learn how to be additive to what they're doing.


I don't think he's gonna be Wilt Chamberlain or anything stupid like that, but I think he can be very complimentary to Jalen Brunson, what he's trying to do in the, in-between game. And I think he could be obviously way better than Julius Randall. So like, yeah, that's where I'm at with Kat. I thought Brunson looked pretty good in the first game, considering he was still covered in Dante GTO's blood after the ruthless training of his college buddy. God. Oh my God. Would I ever trade Joe House? It's like, sorry house. If we had a chance to get so and so. Yeah, you're not working over there. Sorry buddy.


We're still, we're still gonna hang out. So It. Who's fucked up? Funny. Can you imagine if I was just like funny screaming at Sir Rudy, like, this is What happens when they let you run things. Sir Rudy, we have to talk about the magic before the Sixers. Oh my goodness. Well this draft has been too predictable and I'm about to uproot it and it's genuine too because I love this team and I almost picked them four pixels ago. They were on the big screen last night for me. There's a lot to love the Atlanta Hawks. Mm Wow. I have, they're over 36 and a half. I like watching them. Trey is just like, thank God Deonte Murray's not here anymore. Yeah. The vibe changed was crazy.


Incredible vibe change. LOBs galore. Multiple six nine. Six 10. Yep. Skinny guy. you can, and you have to really look, you can almost not tell them apart to be, you have to like, I'm still getting used to like, oh, is that, no, that's Johnson. That's, and they all like, it's just like interchangeable length and weirdness. And I'll be honest, man. Wa I, we haven't talked about this. I have property on Che Island. Oh man. I'm fucking in on re re like I'm legit in on him. I like that guy. You have a Chateau. I liked him in the preseason. Listen, it was not expensive. Yeah. Is there a vineyard attack? Expectations Were down.


I like that guy. I like how even his box core last night didn't really show what he was doing, which was, can I read he fucking hustles In the headline here, what is it? It says number one pick Che opens with three goes two for eight. That's a Headline. Mr. Layup in traffic. That's, that's clickbait right there. I thought he was good. I think he hustles and he makes sense to me as somebody who will be a valuable person on a really good NBA team. And they have him and they have Dyson Daniels and they have, yeah, Johnson. They're just weird. Yeah, they're fun to play. They have two big guys. The Congo came in, bog Donno comes in and just takes over the offense for six. I think they're pretty good. I gotta say there's A, it's a good question when you say like, you know, you have League Pass when.dot do Dyson Daniels is trending on your for you.


Whereas let the Dyson Daniels is locking guys up. It's Alcatraz. Let's go. Well, last night he was, he was almost murdered in real time by Nick Claxton. That was, yeah, Nick Claxton was trying to get suspended for the season so he doesn't have to play with Cam Thomas anymore. Who can blame him honestly. Yeah. He was like, this is my one shot to get outta here. That game was super fun. There was almost two fights. The, it got super feisty, it was close to the end. Atlanta's also not good enough to close games, which is great for League Pass. They're up like, like by eight with a minute left. Somehow Brooklyn had a chance at the end. Thumbs up. I like that team is like, seems like a 43 win team to me. Yeah. I'm a Jalen Johnson believer. Yes. I really love his, just his package of both, you know, physical gifts, but like he has a nose for the game.


Like he has genuine feel. He's not just like out there some robotic athletic guy. I like that. And I think, like you guys said, the Deonte Murray thing was a clarifying trait. Like the team now has an obvious focal point and it's, or it's more organized instead of the sort of your turn, my turn nature that they were doing last year. And you know, Flik pass purposes, Trey Young is going to get on people's nerves and that's always fun. Like he, and he's gonna make a point of it. Plus he went the Istanbul. Y'all I seen the hair on. I see the new beard. He, we, we know what's going on with that. So we can't put put that past you can All season soccer coach. Yeah, yeah. Come on man. He Was like, gimme the Antonio Conte.


Come on now You had me at, they could be fun to watch. You lost me at 43 wins. Like, this team is not winning that many games. Well, that would be like six over the, over under. I think they can get to like 43 and 39 because it looks like Miami might be worse than we thought. Or they got magic. I thought, Did you see all those? They got a case Of the Paolos over There. Did you see all those sucky Eastern conference teams yesterday? There's a lot. Yes. It's brutal. Yeah, it is tough. Somebody is gonna have to win 43 games that we don't like. Could it be Charlotte? I don't know. I think The Hawks are like way better than, you know, Washington and Chicago. Detroit. Detroit. They're Detroit. Way better. Detroit. They're way better than that group, but I don't know that they're that close to the Miamis and the Indies and you know, No, there, I think there, there's a level below that somebody's gonna be in.


And I would, it's either them or Miami. You could step on rakes all season and make the east play in. So like, I'm not ruling out. They Could eat there. It's like there's gonna be a Bulls hawks kind of like totally raced to the bottom there. I kind Of like play a team, man. I, if Reer turns out to be good right away, which I think there's a chance he's a little bit impactful. I don't know. Watch out for them. All right, cr we gotta move faster. Okay. I'm gonna go with the Rockets. There's, there's very few teams who market themselves as tough, so it's kind of fun to watch them on any given night, get into people's shit. It's more of a preseason thing. But the Reed Shepherd experience so far has been delightful. You didn't get as much of a look last night, but Sango did and basically did baby Yoic all night.


And I still have And and They lost by The way. And they lost. I know. Which is kind of the fun part is because there isn't like the Boston thing where you're like, can you win 70 though? It's like, no, are these guys gonna actually pick a rotation, pick an identity, pick a, a, like a sort of hierarchy And are they gonna play tough every night? Which I think they will. I, it's, this is very foreign for me 'cause I usually traditionally do not like the Rockets. But this is a collection of guys that I like and a collection of guys that I hate watch in. I hated Ver Maxwell back. I'm in violent agreement with you. Yeah, I, I watched a lot of them last night. Same thing. And and I don't think they have any idea what their rotation is. No. They played their top five a lot. Whitmore barely played, but he played, Which I thought was a pleasant Surprise.


Right. They try to play 10 and then shepherd. It's just, he just seemed tiny to me. Yeah. Like, and people were talking about him coming in. They got smoked as soon as he came in. I'm still, I'm still Shepherd guy. No, I'm, I'm in too. But it was like, oh this guy's Little think once it slows down a little bit, but like the preseason, it was like, is this Pete Marvi? And now it's like, It's like, oh this guy's little, like they're gonna hunt them on defense. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Well in the Holy War that is developing. Chris, do you identify more as a Shang Goon guy or a Jalen Green guy? I think I really way preferred watching them on that run. They went in after Shang Goon. But they are aesthetically way more pleasing to watch with Shang Isn't the question, are you a Shang goon guy or a Jabbar Smith? 'cause that seems to be the fundamental, like Jabari was invisible last night and I thought what made them special was him as the stretch five in that kind of pseudo towns role.


Yeah, that was, and then that opened up the paint. If he's Not not playing five, he has to like apply some basketball like feel and that's not what he does. Yeah, Because he Where do you think Miami's gonna play him when they trade for Jimmy Butler? This is the thing is that I feel like Houston, even though they haven't really proved anything, are almost at a point where they have to do some subtraction. You know what I mean? So Many guys too. I this In Part one on the po I think that, I think it's a 3 4 1 trade team and I don't know what the trade was like it, could it be Jimmy Butler? Could it be somebody on that level where they just kind of cash in? Yeah, because I think they have too many guys. They Have like Six players who could have, could deservingly play 10 more, more minutes a game than they will probably. Well, And also Thompson seems like he might actually be special.


Yes. He's really, he looks really good. And I, and he's almost like a can athletic keep on the quirk Guy is crazy. Yeah. He, so I don't know what that means either. He's maybe The biggest quirk in the Shang goon part of that. 'cause like playing Jabari at the five is the clearest way to make Ah Amen. Thompson really, really good, really, really quickly. Or at least give him lots of opportunities. And maybe it's like a first line, second line thing where the second unit is the time where he cook. That would be Dope to cook. That would dope Hockey subs, Like I floated this In Part one Brooks Adams expiring and Thompson for Jimmy Butler is like a really interesting who says no. And I don't know if I would do that if I was Houston. I think I would rather ah mean, because I don't think that guarantees me round three. What phase The point of that. The Toman Tata phrase Phase Don. I think we're in the, we're in the same phase we've been in the whole time Of, of the team, so yeah.


All right. What do you got Wes? Man, this is tough. It's not that tough. Actually. I, it's the Los Angeles Lakers for me and the tear that I put them in is like, you know, Steph kd, LeBron, like, it's like your favorite bar just announced that they're about to close in a few weeks. So you go for a few last time you go a couple more times for Yeah, I gotta steal a glass. That's, that's why, that's why I'm tuning into the Lakers. Like LeBron is is is 40 years old. Right. So like for that reason alone And then Quad has kept, the Lakers have been one of the most hilarious teams to watch in the league for like two and a half years now. Like a bunch of blown leads.


Like dis the coach for no reason after both Vogel and Darvin ham. Even though we lose that element with jj, they, the, the players won't be sniping at him, but the JJ media interactions are gonna be entertaining. Yes. Would You say his first Inco interview in game coach interview? I did not. He gave like a minute and a half long answer. It's like JJ once sentence that JJs like, here are the four things I thought went well in the first three quarters. Then he did the, the post game thing where it was like he had just gotten outta the shower and he was like, I'm writing a letter to the league requesting that we use Warn basketball. Warn. Yeah. Yeah. I was like, you gotta fucking take it easy man. Like I gotta say I was long year Creative we're watching on tv. I was pretty impressed by him.


I mean their team looked really Good. He seemed locked in. He was locked in on the refs. They ran good plays outta timeouts. I thought he handled the LeBron thing as well as you could have possibly handled. Yeah, they did A really good job just being like, we're doing this, we're getting it outta the way. Yeah. Let's the Outta the way. There's not gonna be any LeBron watch. They really ran through Davis. Like they weren't beholden to all LeBron terrible ball time and they're using connect in the right ways. I thought he did a good job. We also, with League Pass standpoint, you get the celebrities and the shots during the timeouts and just, you get a taste of how fucking weird LA is every time out it's best. Yeah. Do They count as a League Pass team if they're gonna be on national TV every day? It's an interesting Well It's opera because they, you know, they're gonna have, they're gonna lose three in a row.


The first passive aggressive DeAngelo Russell. Oh, he's available. That's gonna happen. LeBron first time LeBron's like, I just work here, you know? Yeah. Yeah. I don't know why I only took eight shots. You have to ask jj. Yeah. Yeah. So we'll have all the rollercoaster ride of that stuff. I love that stuff. Who do you have Mahoney? Easy one for me. Memphis Grizzlies. Yeah. I had The next man, this is next For me. Love watching John ramp play basketball. I'm a simple man. Simple pleasures. He does incredible shit down The stretch. Last night was, was Nice. The up and unders, the dunk attempts the, the way to like inter like intercept who? The Mid Guy, which, which guy Huff? Where'd he come from? I cover basketball for a living. I was like, who's this? It's, and he was on two teams the last two years, but never really played Well.


I know wa he was in crunch time. Huge Santi Alama game too. Yeah, I know. We're locked in on that was Of course, yes. We yeah. H you could've told me 30 countries. Yeah. And I would've believed any of them. But I think he's from here. I think he is from here. Yeah. I'm with the job part's fun to see how it's gonna play out. Whether he can get to where he needs to go. Scotty, VIN Jr. 22 minutes last night. He's legit. Yeah, I think he's a legit back player. Yeah, he he's a legit, He he's he's a legit guy. I, I really like a lot of their players and especially once Gigi Jackson and Vince, Vince Williams get back. There's just like a lot Of, probably gonna have a little bit less Jay Huff though once still Get back. That's be a hard, tough look. I wish he didn't have a first name. I just think you should Huff Huff.


You should get Yourself in a name. A jersey, a Huff jersey, Huff Marcus. Smart. Looked a little dougy to me. Just gonna mention that. That's wow. I dunno the age or what. Well they were playing 13 guys. His time looked sw. I, I don't Is is, is Marcus Martin not gonna be in the Celtics Ring of honor. Oh Yeah. You guys are not gonna retire Retires number. No. You guys are gonna Is he is he gonna get like We all have a lot of affection for Marcus. I just thought he looked big like he put on like weight. I'm not saying he looked fat. I'm saying he looked like, oh I celebrating that Celtics title Muscle. Also Memphis Barbecue not to be trifled with Yeah. Let's let's all be honest about it. I would like him A little leaner. I'll I'll make this quick. I'm taking Denver 'cause of Yoic. Yeah, that's it. That's easy. We don't need to discuss them.


Although it is fun to watch whatever the hell's gonna happen with their bench and see if they can figure out whether they can find eight guys who can play consistently. But Yoic I it, this will make me mad this year that his team around him isn't better. 'cause you have this incredible asset and he has no bench and they were trying to do the thing where they were much smarter than everybody and were going young and length and it's like, you know what helps some fucking players that could come in and play well for 15 minutes. Can you find Yeah. And the thing, a couple of those, the thing about Yo Kish too, like he doesn't, he doesn't say strike me as a guy who's like reading the press clippings and is like, oh, Denver's gonna stink this year. He doesn't Care.


He's just gonna go out and do what he does. He's like, people write about this. Right. You guys like this? Yeah. I just have a bad feeling. We may get to the point in January where it's like the Ku kaso nuggets vibes. It's like why is this Guy out? There's yolo. Yeah. Yeah. Why is this guy in the rotation, The Michael Malone like performance art of like refusing to play anybody under the age of 26. Just please Julian Straw Hunter Tyson. Like let one of these guys play. Let one of Yeah. It could be like an amazing Yoka chair where he's just like, all right, get on my back everybody. I'm just gonna make chicken salad outta chicken shit again. See how you're up. I'm gonna go Pelicans. AKA Philadelphia South Deante. I think he had tennis assist before he fractured his hand last night. Crazy. Zion Williamson out for these Guys.


Probably should have gone higher. Bill Simmons flew. But as far as like watching on League Pass goes, Zion still is one of the top five reasons to watch basketball when he is on and when he is playing. It's just so fucking fun and interesting. They Have fun bench guys too. And they have Fun bench guys. Yep. They have like, I like Hawkins. Yeah. Hawkins, Trey Murphy obviously Is really good. And yeah, I think when Alvarado Murray comes back, the fact that they don't have a center might be an issue at some point at this season. It Seems like it could. Yeah. But I love how like freestyle it can be and Willie agree. you can throw all these different commendations and if you get Zion out there, it's worth watching alone. Plus We're on Brandon Ingram watch. That's Right. Yeah. It was good last time. Entering year six of it. Yeah. No questions.


Obviously he wants a new deal. Good luck. He was so clearly on the trade trade block this entire summer. Well shit. Last year too. But yeah, I'm interested to see how he responds to that. Could that Be a Coke Presty phone call? No, no, no, no. The button is Don't do it. He's too ball stop. Don't do it. Yeah. I think he's more of a, somebody's had a chance to compete at a really high level and their put best player got hurt or their best score got hurt or, or Like sacramental's. Like we're desperate now Let's do something. Why would you get Brandon Gram when you have DeMar at home? Is my problem like tough From a League Pass standpoint? I just wanna point out the New Orleans is kind of a bummer sometimes. Yes. Sometimes there's 14 people. The crowds are awful sometimes.


Yeah. Where you're just like Jesus Christ guys like Minnesota's in town. Yeah. Jose Alvarado is the guy that's the soft spot. Christ the king guy. Puerto Rican guy. if you grew up in New York City, Olympic hero, you know, you absolutely know a Jose Alvarado and so, you know, love that guy. Ru him. What I love about the Pelicans is we're talking about all these other teams in the sense that like, we're all gonna watch the same version of the Sixers, whether they're healthy or not. When you watch the Pelicans, there's like your version of that team within them. The five guys that you like playing together. They may not actually get that much time on the floor as one unit, but everyone has their version of that roster that they like. It's just a matter of who's, whether they can get enough run or not. This is another team that feels like it's not gonna be the same team in February.


Like something will be different about Something will have gone very wrong. If it is. All right, We're gonna take one more break and then now we're entering the most exciting part of the podcast. There's only seven rounds and two teams will not get drafted. Who are the two teams that are gonna live in Ignominy Not getting drafted in the league Pass draft. That's Coming. up next.


This episode is brought to you by old El Paso. Does game day hosting feel like an extreme sport? Not anymore. With old El Paso feeding your hungry crowd is oh so easy. Old El Paso's crunchy stand and stuffed shells. Bold seasonings and squeezable sauces are fumble free, flavor packed and perfect for cheering on your team. Football season is taco season with old El Paso. Level up your next tailgate or watch party. Shop Game Day essentials@oldelpaso.com.


This episode is brought to by Michelob ULTRA the NBA's back. And you know what that means? So is Mick low b ULTRA courtside. It gets fans closer to the game, the stories, the players, the celebrations, and it's a pretty damn good beer. Stock up your fridge with Mlo B ULTRA and be ready for the big plays all season long. Learn negative. Get closer to the action by visiting mick loeb b ULTRA dot com slash courtside. Mlo b ULTRA superior access Courtside 24 25 sweepstakes. No purchase necessary open to us residents. 21 plus begins on 10. 1 24 goes through 7 1 25. Visit Michelob ULTRA dot com slash courtside for free entry. Entry de deadlines and official rules. Void. Were prohibited.


Alright, come back. Rob Mahoney iss up. I feel like we're in a very simple part of the ranking now in the draft. I'm taking the Milwaukee Bucks. They have Giannis on their team. I'll watch him play every game that he can play. Watch him run through the wall every time he wants to run through the wall. I know they have their, their issues as a contender, but as a regular season product. Dame and Jannis is pretty great where I stand. Dam Dame with a summer workout regimen too. Yeah. Dame can Dame go from being once a week to twice a week as having good games, which is, if he does, they're gonna be fun. Watch It started off slow and there was little grumblings in the room that we were watching again, like, can you believe the game? I drew holiday for this and then he's drained like four threes in a row from 30 feet away. And it's like, oh Yeah, That's why they traded me.


Those were also, those were partisan gripes. Yeah. We know that were being made, we know Partisan gripes Mike Pin. Yeah. We don't, we don't need to do too much on Milwaukee. But yeah, the doc, the doc coach interviews are always fun too. Yeah. Doc, what happened out there? Oh, you told me we were terrible. Not sure we apparently we're not playing defense tonight. He just doesn't give a shit anymore. So I'm up then. Yeah. Who do you think? All right, I gotta write, I just gotta keep track of this. Okay. Oh man, I really wanna do I wanna throw the draft outta whack again? No. I'll, I'll take Phoenix. Guess what? Kevin Durant still really fun to watch.


Yeah. I thought it was interesting that they still don't seem like they have chemistry yet. A little, A little rough on that end so far. Last night Booker was the one that suffered, but it seems like they can't get all the guys going at the same time. But I like seeing Coach Bud who just seems like he was on a Ozempic or Atkins or something, or both kind of the Arizona Sun was really getting him. But yeah, Phoenix for me. Yeah, I, I hope that, I hope that Coach Bud could get them to be more elastic in their games. Man. Like KD Bradley Bill is just so used to playing one way. Like I hope he could coax some elasticity out of him.


But you know. Yeah. It's still KD when he's just like dribbling people at mid Yeah. Mid-range and just draining it. Super fun For my next pick, I'm gonna go step in the dirty dozen. Yep. Just gotta watch step while he is still here. It's just crazy that we get this far in the grass. Wow. You sound like you're talking to about like grandpa. Well, No, I'm, we Gotta go visit grandpa while he's still here. I honestly weirdly feel like the extended twilight of LeBron has overshadowed. This is probably also the twilight of Steph. Yes. Yeah. Do you know what I mean? Or has it? 'cause I feel like Steph can play until he is like 48, but like literally No guard has ever done this before. Yeah. Like no one his size has ever played this well this Late.


So they were, I mean I think they had the Blazers last night. That was pretty quick. Yeah. But, and they played like 14 guys. But it's a weird, Would you see what Ker said? What? I mean he literally did a 12 band rotation and talked about it after. It's like, I just wanted to see if we could figure this out. I want everyone play. I mean, how did you feel about that as someone who watched It? Absolute violations. But to bi. Yeah. Especially at the Olympics. But no, I just don't think, I think you can play 12 guys during a season, but during an actual game it makes no sense. You, you've played basketball occasionally. Yeah. I guess you're just not, you're just not playing enough. It's stupid. Yes. I don't get it as An experiment. I think it's interesting. I, but yeah, I'll go with, well I'll go with Warriors and you know, No Clay.


No, I think Curry has to be Yeah, he can't be in the bottom 10 of a draft. No, no. My team is Charlotte. Goddammit. That was the one I almost took. He Is Charlotte and you know Brandon Miller, I feel very heavily invested in, I watched him play two games in the SEC tournament. There you go. Declared him the rightful number two pick in the draft seed investors. Yeah. And I've just been holding on ever since when I put my scout hat on. But no, like I, I just really love his, you know, his like fake Paul George routine that he's doing, especially early on in his career. Aspirational Paul George routine. Okay. Aspirational. Oh, I like that. Aspirational. See that's, we're reaching for the stars. Big bucks.


Rob. Mahoney. And then of course Lalo Ball Man. Like he dropped 34 last night. I think it's, you know, everything has come sort of like as a given, right? Like they gave him that big extension just automatically just as a given. I think it's now finally time for him to actually put this stuff on tape and show like why he, You think so? Year five? Maybe it's time. I think so. Yeah. I think it's, I think it's, I thought he was awesome last night. I watched that whole game. That was one of the three TVs and that team. So Veno talked about this on the match. Yeah. He talked about Charles Lee. He's like, he sat next to the bench. Yeah. And this is the, the Celtics love Charles Lee. And this was, I thought the hardest over under for me because it was 29.


I really like the over, I also dunno what incentive they have to be like, we made the play in, but you watch 'em last night and it's just, they're a good team. Yeah. Like, I mean a good bad team. But they had, you know, they have Curry, they have Grant Williams Miles, bridges, they have rebounding and Lalo was awesome. And then outta nowhere. Trey Mann, I know he can hoop was if they could Say mildly healthy. That's the thing. Think I think it's gonna be Well that Yeah. Yeah. But I think the team I watched last night was well coached. They had a specific style, they had an identity. They were tough. They were like walking around with their chest out and I was like, oh, this is, I might have bet on them too. So I was enjoying that part. But it's irrelevant I think.


I think for the first month they're a team to kinda watch as a frisky. Dangerous. Yeah. Oh my god. Charlotte beat Cleveland and Cleveland last night. I think. I do think they might be one of those teams. Yeah. They're not as good as the Pacers, but they play a similar uptempo style. Lalo has a similar like kinetic energy to him that's really watchable. And when he is healthy, they win a lot of games. So I, I hope he can be healthy. And he puts up big stats, puts Up big stats, fun to watch in like a no no, no. Yes. Kind of way. Like the, the step Backs the killer. He shot, he took like a 30 footer to close the game yesterday. There You go. That's what you need on a league pass. Like Thursday, like Tuesday night, I guess I should say. I thought that, I thought that team, and we haven't talked about Detroit yet, but same thing where they just seemed like they weren't rudderless anymore.


Yes. Detroit seemed more professional. It wasn't Monty Williams benching James Knife. No. It's just like, what's going on here? It's like, all right, they have ma league Beasley, but at least he's an adult. Yeah. You know? Anyway. All right. What do you have, Rob? This Is where I feel like there's a chasm. Yeah. Like the Charlotte is kind of the, the embankment for me couldn't agree much. Yeah. There's a drop. I am gonna take the pistons here. Mm. I just, I want it to be true so bad. I want them to be fun and watchable. I'm not even hoping for good yet. Just can they be an entertaining basketball product because they have a really exciting playmaker in Cade Cunningham. They have in theory better spacing. I don't know that those guys will actually hit shots. Like I I I see a lot of like one for seven. They're Gonna take them, they'll take Tim harder.


That's the thing. Like, is is Tobias Harris enough of a shooter that people will kind of guard him in ways that they wouldn't guard Pistons of seasons past? Yes. And if so, I think the Pistons are gonna be at least watchable. He's a better shooter than a beef stew. I thought they were watchable last night. I mean we, It seems like Cannot Possibly overestimate how bad Monty was for that team. Very. How bad the Monty Williams experience was. I mean, Jade Ivy was one of my favorite guys coming outta college that year. Yeah. So it's really exciting to see him score 17. It's Almost like you shouldn't beg a guy to coach your team. Yeah. Or gm. Your team. Like the Knicks did Phil Jackson. Well I, He was supposed to professionalize them and for all their flaws last night, they still couldn't close it. They did look more professionalized. Yeah. New hair For cage. He's like, I'm a new man, new team thought, thought I took note of that In the tre young sense of new or New hair.


I took beef Stew was out there. Yeah. Always enjoyed him. Yeah, they're, they're interesting. They're, it's either gonna be Charlotte or Detroit for that 10th playing spot. Yeah. And we'll see who gives a shit more about the season. Wow. This is getting dark, man. I really wanna take Brooklyn here, but I'm not going to, I know that's Stupid. Why you Want to, there's no way. What, what is the, what is the urge you're feeling to take Brooklyn? Maybe Maybe. I'll take them with my last pick. So Utah, I have no, they have to be the next pick. I have no idea what they wanna be. I assume they don't wanna win and they're just stockpiling picks. But you watched 'em last night, especially when in crunch time and it's like, these guys are pretty good.


Like they're well coached. They have a score at the end of games. They have rim protection, they have guards that could go by people. They seem like they're trying on defense and they're just gonna be a lot of fun West Coast games. So I Feel like I'm not gonna, I won't get fooled again with the jazz because they know what's gonna happen. Which is at the trade deadline or right Afterwards, the 22 and 21 record to start. And Then ain is gonna come make the phone call and it's like, look, we need to get into the Cooper flag business. Stop fucking winning these games. Well the guy to trade is Kessler then if they're gonna do that. 'cause he's that. Would you think so? Well just like, you wanna start weakening your team with like, let's get rid of our shop locking. Or you can, they're not gonna trade marketing. They're not allowed to. Or you can continue to empower Keay George to take 18 shots in Colin Sexton to take eight.


I know That's one way to ensure that you get the number one pick. They do have Two. I like the 12 guys you probably wouldn't wanna play with if you were like a swing man. Oh, I think, I think Colin Sexton. I like call Sexton Sexton's a guy that contenders should call about. He's not as, he's not as ball hoy as he used to be when Kevin Love was like beaming him in the back of the head. Honestly, I think he's been a boy scout over there. Yeah. I think he's really turned his career around. And I wanna, I, I hope by the deadline that he's able to go to a contender that needs like some scoring pop, some ball handling. He's, I'd like to see Him get outta but he's a six man outta Yeah. That's, He's not a guy or, or the point guard on a team that has like, like we, we were talking about him for the magic like Yeah. Wing playmaking that needs maybe an alternative look at a scoring guard. Like he could make sense for a team.


Like, well I don't dunno if you noticed during the Nets game, Dennis Schroder was actually wearing an Orlando magic jersey, a Brooklyn logo taped over it, just praying for them to trade farm. All right. Cr I think this is it. We only have six teams left. Oh, okay. This is our last round, So I can't wait to see who doesn't get drafted. All Right. This is in the spirit of 2012 era real heads kind of league pass, like possibly stoned watching on your couch looking for almost abstract art in your basketball. And so I'm gonna pick the Blazers. Mm. Yeah because is is Scoot high on his couch watching abstract art while he is playing?


Who are these guys? Is Denny for real? Like how many centers do they have? Is clinging gonna be like what he was in the preseason Also they might go oh and 15 to start the season. Yeah. How many player PO's gonna do where he's like just being like, I hate all these guys. So I'm, I'm excited for the Blazer's experience and it's like often the last game ending on the west coast. Yeah, it's, yeah. Usually So it, it's kind of fun to just be like, yeah, it's just me and seven other dudes watching this Blazer's, Kings game Chauncey's agent's like, yo, if you can get outta your contract right now, NBC and Amazon are looking for guys. Yes, we got you. You gotta get out now. So I'd play Scoot 48 minutes a game and just tell them to clear up.


I'm a big Anthony Simons guy, so I'll always enjoy those minutes. Particularly on this team dominating, just being happy to be wildly overpaid, Love Favorite, finally got match. So yeah, I think you have to pick one complete shit team. And it's, for me it's The Placeless. Oh. I have a different shit team. But Simon's I think is another fun contender piece. Yeah. I have like to see him on Orlando. I don't know if they know, but they need, need somebody like that on team A year and a half now. Yep. Yeah. Alright. What do you have? We disrespected this team by not picking them. I'm picking the Miami Heat. Sure. Like, come on man. It's Jimmy Butler's. Bam. Jaime Quez. You know, yo, don't you Feel like this is like season 11 of this team show?


I know. Yeah. It's, yeah, I know. It's like Virgin River's still on Like I know it's, it's Grey's Anatomy at this point. I get it. But I'm gonna watch them when they're on. Right. Especially over the teams that are left on this list. So Yeah, Miami, you know, they're gonna be well coached if not very fun. And yeah. IIII can't in good conscious pick any of these other teams left. That's the thing, the alternatives, its are very, very bleak. So thank you for that. I appreciate it was, It's fair and they'll get going at some point, but I, I probably my least favorite stadium announcer, timeout situation of the crowd I people Showing up at 8 25 Play by Flee off. You don't, you don't wanna pop that off. No.


The the heat culture, like the, it's like an infomercial. Yeah. I I it's not a very fun experience. It's fun to have them on a small TV with no sound. Rob, who do you have? I feel Terrible about all these teams I will take by default the Toronto Raptors. Oh, Interesting. The RJ BD renaissance is upon us, my friends. Yes. I, I'm eager for him to get back, back in the mix. I think it's like week to week right now, which is not what you wanna hear coming into the season. But I identify as an Emmanuel Quickly guy. Yeah, same. I'm, I I love watching him with a little more room to work. I think we're all like eager to see what Scotty Barnes can become. Are You one of those hipsters who think Scotty Barnes is like the prototypical NBA player? I'm not. Okay.


But I'm invested. I'm invested in the greater project. Got you. I don't wanna watch them at all. So this is the Mr. Irrelevant pick you've got here. You you're telling me you would take here thing. Here's the thing. I fucked up. We skipped a wa pick. I'm gonna blame the fact that I'm still on cold medication. We skipped a w pick CR took New Orleans. It skipped to Rob who took Milwaukee and I took Phoenix. Oof. So w I'm sorry, I have to Pick. I hope this another Team. You have to take another team. Come on man. Take the, take the wizard. Are we sure We don't wanna make fun of Are we sure We wanna make fun of Toronto for another second? 'cause what the did Messiah Harry, like he won the title and that he got another job.


What's he doing? Yeah, I don't know. Well did, but I think he got equity in the team. So Like he, but why is he then trying The team means you Just Put together a bad team. He tried to make them a less valuable property. That's a great question. That, That is like a brutal team to watch. Didn't Yapo say like it's not like we're trying to win every game. Like Right. Not like his quote. I had them in my bottom too. Yeah. Oh, I'm, no, I think you really underestimate The wizards. I, RJ Barrett, Scotty Barnes. I just don't like watching that team. That can be, that can Be fun. Well you get to him and be like, this is basically like what it was like watching the knick five years. I wanna see the RJ thing get like where it goes. I wanna watch where that story goes to go from the guy that got picked directly behind JA and Zion and what those guys have become bonafide all stars when Zion plays.


Well Ja two to like RJ who's just like, eh, you know, counter. He was so disappointed in that counter Not that interested. Well there's four teams left. Chicago, Brooklyn, the Clippers of Washington. I'm think, listen, those are our big four. I'm thinking Chicago and it's for Kobe White alone. He's one of my favorite guys to watch in the NBA, his elevation of his game from like just his volume sort of shooter guy to like legitimate ball handle. Turn the corner on guys firing up, pull up threes. He's one of the most fun guys to watch. And so I'll be watching for that alone. I don't care about, you know, the freaking Josh giddy thing. I think he stinks. Yeah. But If I don't think he's getting Gid and Lonzo were both playing.


You could have like, yeah, Lon fun, Lonzo's fun. I feel like we we shorted them a little bit unfairly. I don't know. You guys think this team is gonna be fun to watch Zo accept Stacey King Compared to the other alternatives. Stacey King's a pretty fun announcer to watch. Yes. Or listen to. True. He's fun So it, it's, it's good. Well I was hoping they'd still be there. Pick 28. Do it. And they are do it the Brooklyn Nets. How Many shots did, can Thomas Do this series? I was absolutely riveted by them last night. Ben Simmons, who actually looked pretty good. I did, I do this, I did something on part one about don't do this. I think I, you know, they're, there's, it's a little showcasing.


Nick Claxton was like, I got paid. I also don't wanna be here anymore. Maybe if I, maybe I can get ejected right away. The Cam Thomas thing is the funniest league pass subplot of the season. Why does this Ha why do they let him do this? He, This is, this is like the NBAI grew up with in the late seventies where guys were like, I'm coming in and I'm shooting every time I'm shooting. Every time. He, he might actually lead the league in scoring this year if Luca decides not to score less, there were FanDuel odds on him. Really? Yeah. He might score 30 points a game. He Will not, he He will not. He shoots All the time. Whose ideal would nobody else Shoots in this Team? Cam Thomas's idea. I can assure you.


Why is this happening? Like he could literally, he could lead the league in scoring and not make the All Star team. Like I Oh there's Zero chance he makes the All Star team. Oh, not only will he not make the all-star team, I he might, they might just have to send him home so other guys can shoot. Isn't this basically like why, like how many nets have just been like, please get me outta here 'cause of this. So Nobody wants to be there. So Rob scoffed. Yes. I, I can't even fe enthusiasm for this team. You, I Can't. No. You scoffed at the Camp Thomas scoring title. Yes. Right now he is the seven highest odds on FanDuel. Out of all the players in the NBAI Feel legally obligated 34 1 to Inform everyone listening to this podcast. Do not not make that Luca.


Are you Sure though? I'm lemme go through it. Lucas's the plus 1 45 and beads plus three 90. He's not gonna play 55. He won't qualify. Shay Giannis Brunson Edwards and Cam Thomas. He's literally on Fandel right now. Cam Thomas. How many coaches now have gone through the process and like, I'm here now and like I've taken over for Jacque Vaughn or whatever and like they still just let him have green light. Well the other piece of it, when he doesn't get the ball late, he gets visibly mad on the tv. Which I love. This is the NBA this is hey all these latecomers and like it's a it's a friendlier brand.


Yeah. All this is the NBA. That is what it was. These are my roots. These are my, this is the nineties coming back where guys just being like, I'm shooting 30 times. This is JR Ryder in Minnesota Jordan. Yeah. I'm fucking shooting every time I get the ball. I love it. And the Simmons thing is really fascinating because there's moments where, you know, he was all NBA four years ago and there's moments where you think, oh that guy's a real basketball asset. Will somebody talk themselves into him? Not Rusty. Not enough. There's not enough coke in Oklahoma. No. And then I like their swings. And there's a lot of trade bait on the team too. Yes it do. The other thing. Alright, so that was the last pick.


Not picked the clippers in Washington. 100%. Yeah. Now we knew Washington wasn't gonna get picked but the Clippers, Clippers Are depressing. Clippers Did it themselves. They Gave the sons a fight at least. Yeah. You would only watch for the arena. Basically if you, if you've had the hardened experience, you would only watch the arena And it needs to be said again. Hardin said he watched the Mavericks go to the finals and Luca was playing his brand of basketball and what he saw was that his brand of basketball is a winning brand of basketball. Confirmation by is powerful drug was, that's what he Learned from last year's NBA playoffs that the James Harden brand of basketball is championship quality. If we have one wish to make to the NBA gods, it's that the Clippers trade for Cam Thomas.


Oh my God. And then Harden and Thomas get to go bottom and bottom from each possession. I I actually think he's one of the great tanking assets any team's ever had. Oh, He's not that bad. No. Okay. Every talking about Cam Thomas. Camp Thomas. Okay. I thought, I thought you were piling that on James Martins. No, cam Thomas puts up points keeps you in games. Casual fans think he's amazing and Ruins your locker room. Yeah. You're definitely gonna lose if he's your best guy and he's gonna shoot every time he gets the ball. I think it's, it's wonderful to watch. I'm just glad that guys like this still exist in the league. The league was getting pretty like san everyone comes in. Yeah, very. All the swings can shoot threes. Yeah. All the point guards plays certain ways And Camp Thomas is like clear the fuck out.


I'm scoring. It's My time. It's my time. Oh they're Gonna, they don't even send doubles at 'em 'cause they're like Yeah go ahead cook Cam Thomas Take a shoot again. We'll give you 70 man. It's okay. I Love that. I really enjoyed watching them last night. Anyway, that's it for the week pass draft. you can hear W and Rob on a group chat on the NBA ringer NBA feed. Where are you gonna be? Charles Nelson? I don't really have podcast anymore. You're gonna be on car shower. This is it part talk on MDR. Yeah. Card sharks. Yeah. 20,000 Pyramid. I'll be on M-S-N-B-C. Election Day Family Feud. You're gonna go With that. Yeah. Family Feud. CNN Election show four.


Good to see you guys.


This episode is brought to you by JP Morgan Wealth Management. Ever find yourself wondering about your financial future? I hope you do. Whether it's planning for your kids education or saving for our new home, the answer is JP Morgan Wealth management with advisors in chase branches and tools like Wealth Plan and the Chase mobile app, which is very cool. They have options for every investor. So visit your local branch or explore the Chase mobile app to get started. JP Morgan Wealth Management offers investment products and services through JP Morgan Securities LLC, member Finra, SIPC.


This episode is brought to you by the all new Reimagined Nissan Kicks from the bolt new exterior to the performance and tech features like intelligent all-wheel drive and a Bose personal plus sound system. Cars where I live, I live in the Los Angeles area and cars are one of the most important things you can have 'cause you're in them a lot because you gotta drive around all over the place. You know what's fun? To have a nice car for an everyday commute to have music and the ability to do hands-free stuff. And just to feel safe you can do it. Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan kicks today. Head over to Nissan USA to learn more. Bose Personal plus sound system is an available feature. Bose is a registered trademark in the Bose Corporation. Intelligent all wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


Alright, we're gonna do some million dollar picks. We have all the ringers in town this week. So I grabbed Sheil, Kapadia, Anthony Dund. They're doing this with me in person and I'm super happy that you're here because this is the toughest week of the year. The lines are super weird. They're like old school highlines, huge home dogs. There's teams that I feel like we've either given up on or we're too bullish on and it has all the makings of a zigzag week. And I'm scared and I might actually, we did really well on million dollar picks last week, although we should have swept lost by the half point in Packers game. And then I still don't know how the Chargers didn't beat the Cardinals. Yeah, but when when you have a guy on the team, you bet on that fumbles the ball outta bounds for the touchback.


'cause that team ever then covered no Football. No, that's an L every time. Yeah, that's an L. Every Time it's, you just immediately know. It's like a black hack. It's thrown on the tv. What, what are you the most afraid of from this week? I think you said it the big lions. Like you have the lions. I'm like, the lions are awesome. The lions can get to the Super Bowl. They're 11 and a half points favorites. I'm looking at the Panthers who, Andy Dalton gets in the car accident and Bryce Young's back. Right. I'm like, do I wanna take Bo Nicks to cover 10 and a half points? So those two You can, can the Broncos score 10 points? Yeah. Browns Score 20 on, on Carolina by halftime though, right? Yeah. So the, the big lines are the scariest. What are you the most scared of? The bad teams are worse than they've been in years according to DVOA.


That's scary. And road favorites are 16 and two in the last three weeks. Wow. So It should have been 17 and one if the Chargers beat the Cardinals. Right. Jalen rigger elevated from the practice squad to Unbelievable. So you're the most scared of that. I mean it just, things never last forever in NFL. Not for long. So I feel like there has to be some mean reversion. The first four weeks I came on the pod, we talked about it. Underdogs. Were crushing it and now the spreads are really, really big. There's six games with at least a touchdown spread and I don't, there's a couple I like and a couple I want no part of. So I'll walk you through a couple of the games that I ultimately decided to stay away from before we get to the ones I liked. And then I wanna hear what you guys like.


I was looking at the Seahawks all week plus three against Buffalo because I still feel like you can throw on Buffalo and that's the one thing I really believe Seattle can do. And I actually think their offense might be a little better than people realize. And then ultimately Metcalf being hurt, not knowing what's happening with him. And then I realized like I just hate betting against Josh Allen. I just don't like it. Yeah and you just feel so stupid with, and so I was like, I think I'm out. But you guys could also talk me back into that. I like the other side quite a bit. Oh good. Yeah, I like the bills. Minus three is one of my favorite favorite picks of the week. I'm looking at it. That Seahawks team last week against the worst pass rush in the NFL in Atlanta.


Gino Smith was pressured on 50% of his drop backs. Now he played awesome. He's able to play under pressure and he did that in that game and they won. But the Bills defense is overachieved this year. I mean they've got a good pass rush. Their offense is top five in the NFL against that Seahawks defense. That has not been great. I feel like the Seahawks, I don't wanna call 'em the good bad team, but I do feel like they're the, if you lose to the Seahawks you probably stink. But against good teams, they played what the 49 ERs, the Lions, those have both been double digit losses this year. So I think the bills are really good. Actually with that Amari Cooper edition he played well last week. And so in kind of a three run the spread can run the ball. Yeah, they can run the ball their, their offensive line is good. So I like the bills minus three in that game.


Do you think the Colts are the good bad team or would you go with the Seattle? Are They good enough? You're, he's the Colts guy. Are they good enough to be the good bad team? Maybe They're the coin flip every game team every game just decided in the last five minutes this year. Yeah, I was looking at their point. Point for every game and every game was like two points, three points, six points. Yeah. Yeah. So I mean the, the Colt, I think the Seahawks are better than the Colts. I think the Seahawks will surprise some teams, but they're not healthy. They're not good on the offensive line. And it's like if Gino turns into a magician and has one of those games against a bad defense, they can win. But I think if I, if I see a team that I think can get to the Super Bowl playing the Seahawks, I feel pretty good about that. That team taken care of 'em. Any other Seahawks thoughts?


Buffalo has been running the ball a lot all year until last week. They actually got more pass sappy for the first time. And it is interesting to me 'cause I, they have now more options with Cooper in the lineup to throw. And the one concerning thing with me for Buffalo is it's always been that they play the two high, they never give up big plays this year they are giving up more big plays. And so I do kind of think Seattle could stay in this with some explosives if they had Metcalf but without him. Who's the explosive threat on this offense now Seattle 27th against the run, their defense feels like Buffalo can run on them. Yeah, They should. If Metcalf was playing I'd be a little more bullish on Seattle. But yeah, so that was one.


Can we we, I guess we gotta talk Packers, Jags. I can't believe the Jags are even the conversation, but this line is offensive. I mean the, the Packers are four and a half point favorites in Jacksonville. It's probably gonna be hot. The Jaguars are probably gonna be able to move the ball on them I'm guessing. And then conversely, I haven't liked the way Jordan loves looked. I like that Packers team. But they have a big game next week coming off. They had a big game last week. This just feels so trappy to me. We're Jackson Bowl and beat the shit out of 'em and it just scares me. Yeah. Somebody who likes to kind of follow, where does the lines move on certain teams throughout the year? Because you'll see that big groups, people with a lot of market influence, they will bet certain teams repeatedly throughout the year.


And there's no team in the NFL that has gotten more of that support than the Jags. if you look at the spreads week three, week four, week five, week six, somebody has come in and said, we love Jacksonville. I don't know who they are. If they are, if you're betting Jacksonville every week and you're listening to this podcast, call me. We can talk about what you see that I don't. But Green Bay has some real red flags And well talk about 'em. Give us three. So Their early down numbers are terrible. Their success rate numbers are very mediocre. It's a very boomer bust team and they forced a ton of turnovers. They've hit a ton of explosives. That's good. But how sustainable is it? Is a question that I have about Green Bay. This would be a stay away for me. I'm not, we, we've had interventions on this podcast about the Jaguars before.


I'm not doing it against Matt LaFleur who wins what, 70% of his games or whatever it is. And you're right about Jordan Love. But we saw him the second half of last year. Like there was some boomer bust to him and then he put it together and he was sensational. I think that stretch is coming. Like if you're looking at Sleeper MVP candidates, I think Jordan Love has like a seven eight game stretch Coming up where he's gonna be one of the best players in the n in one of the best quarterbacks in the NFL. I just don't think those turnovers are going to last. I can't take Jacksonville. They're, they win, they won by what? Running it 18 times in a row. Like how often is that gonna happen? So I understand sort of the analytical view of they beat The soft patriots. That's Right. The soft patriots.


I don't know that that formula's gonna work against the Packers. You know, you should put this in your column. You write an excellent betting column for every week, every year there's an, I hate myself team where you, you bet them and then you just, you literally hate yourself halfway through the game. And that's the Jaguars the show. I don't even know who's even in the running against them for that. I mean if you bet the Browns at any point this year you need but that's that that, yeah. That they got duped Cardinals. You just ignoring obvious signs. Well the Cardinals are just like the zigzag team. Like it's like, oh they're the, and then all of a sudden they're losing by 30. Yeah. And certain defenses just seem like they can shut down Kyler completely.


Yeah. And then other ones just let him run around and I never understand how teams don't just defend Kyler the same way. Yeah. Giants are probably in that. I hated myself for picking the Giants last week you had the Eagles and I was like, I don't know, you know, I, I kinda like the guy, I hated myself one, you know, eight minutes into that game. So if I gave you a parlay with the Jags up to plus seven and a half and the over up to 39 and a half and it was minus one 20, you're not intrigued at all because there's probably gonna be points in this game, right? Why not? you Can do the Ja, I know you don't like Team Totals house, you got mad at house about that, but why not just bet the Jags team total? I Just had bad luck with team totals. I'm not saying I'm right or wrong. Okay. Yeah, I mean I just stink at them. I like the Jags. I think there'll be points.


So I, I generally agree with that. Sure. Hey, I'm gonna cross 'em off this next game. I might not cross off Colts who as we said, they might be the good bad team catching Houston in a really interesting spot where they've already played them, the game was close. Yeah. Outta every game they're in is tight and they're getting five and a half at home. And I don't understand without Nico Collins, why I wouldn't tease the Colts backwards and play around with the over under. Why wouldn't I do that? Every advanced stat in Dund, and I have talked about this, every advanced stat on the Texans is suggesting they're fraud. And I like the Texans coming into the season.


But if you look at any of the offensive stuff and what they're doing on early downs, they're, they're what plus six on the season, their point differential, like their offense is underachieved maybe as much as any offense in the NFL. But they didn't Have mix in for half of that. Yeah, but I, I don't know. Like Joe Mixons fine but I'm not, if, if Joe Mixon means that much to your offense, then you might Yeah, good play. Might have some issues. So I know they don't have Nico Collins, but yeah, I like the Colts a little bit in that game. I don't totally trust it, but I don't trust that Texans team. I think fading the Texans while their record's really good and all the numbers suggest they might not be that good is probably a good play for the next whatever, two, three weeks. Do you believe in the second game thing? I think it's fascinating how much these, the perception of these two teams has even changed in the last seven weeks.


Like both have Overperformed relative, if you just look at the records, right? if you total Colts fan before the season, were gonna be four and three. They would've taken it Texans five and two, they feel great. And yet I feel like under the hood both are kind of worse. Like Richardson has been worse than I think most, oh my God. Most expected that it's very boomer bust. And honestly, Stroud has been very boomer bust and the whole Texans offense is okay, it's third down, Stroud drops back, he looks, where's Nico Collins? He throws in the ball and they move the chains. That's the whole offense. And the last two weeks they did it to your team. Everybody has, they can't score in the second half every game. It's like three point second half, three point second half against Buffalo, against every, pretty much every team they played this year, last week, Stroud couldn't get to a hundred pass yards.


So I don't really trust this offense Colts to 11 and a half in the under, up to 52 and a half. I, I don't, yeah, I, the only way I lose that is if Anthony Richardson just loses his mind and throws like a pick six and has a fumble. I haven't liked what I've seen from him at all. It doesn't seem like he's ready to be a efficient starting quarterback yet. And the fact, the thing that made him special was the running, which they seem a little more hesitant for him to, to do now. So now it's like, well what is this then? Yeah, because you, we were being promised like this Cam Newton, Josh Allen, physical threat who's gonna run the ball. And now they're seemingly afraid to do that.


This is your favorite team. Yeah. But don't you feel like they have 'em on the shackles? Basically, We were sitting in the movie theater in the Spotify office on Sunday and at one point Danny Kelly turned around and said, so like, are you still a believer? And I'm like, yes, but I have to be a little quieter about my belief now. I can't, it's harder for me to like pick, you know, put my chest out and say we got the QB one in the draft. 'cause obviously Stroud's been as good as he is been. And you know what? I would still, still happy they took him over Levi. 'cause that was basically the option, right? And you know, I'm, I'm gonna say that A little bar to clear it's low bar to clear. It's a lot to Clear. But you Have, you had to take the swing and I'm still not out yet. Well, they're in a weird Spot 'cause they're four and three in a conference. That's not that good.


Yeah, right. And you think With defense, that stinks, right? Yeah. But I like your receiver weapons and it seems like whoever's in the game can run the ball. So I don't know. I'm, I'm gonna mark this one. I like the, I don't think these two teams can get to, like, their first game was 56 points. That was with Nico Collins and with Richardson hitting some bombs. I don't see that happening again. All right. I'm gonna mark that one down. And then the, the I I just, the Chiefs Raiders game is a stay away to me as much as I wanna be like, oh, they talk shit to Mahomes. I just think those home teams getting that many points, the history of that is a nightmare with teases.


And we have the Browns in that situation. Yeah. And we have the Raiders. I think the Raiders are awful. Yeah. I just don't, I, to me that's an automatic no play. It's probably a stay away division game line that high. I I I'm with, I am tempted a little bit though with the Chiefs, with the way they've played the last two weeks. They've had double digit wins in each of those games. And I, I agree with you that Mahomes narrative thing is kind of a factor. I'm sure that's a, he's looking for anything last week. Look how we, you know, they're underdogs and I know we had the two interceptions, but he was treating that game with the way he was running. Like that was a big game. And that Raiders team just, I mean, they're just waiting to, I mean, they've already collapsed. They're just waiting to collapse more. They traded their best wide receiver.


They've got nothing to look forward to. They have no players. They can't run the ball or stop the run And they turn it over. Their defense isn't good. Their defense was good last year when they played the Chiefs and upset 'em. Their defense this year is like a bottom five unit. So if I had to pick a side, I would pick the Chiefs. But I, I'm kind of with you. I like to stay away when it's division game, that line that high. So if I gave you this eight point tees, which is even money un FanDuel Ravens minus nine and a half Lions minus 10 and a half, and and Chiefs minus nine and a half. And you could tease all those under three and all of them have to cover, who would you be the most worried about? Ravens Lions or Chiefs has to Be the Ravens, right? The first game with Jamis. Well, who, which could go either way, but I, right, But that's, that's you're introducing I think that Brown's defense has been okay.


I agree. You know, and Schwartz, the problem is the Ravens are rushing for 200 plus yards a game. Yeah. Yeah. I just, I can't, They, the Ravens have given Up against Jameis seems smart. The Ravens have given up the most 20 plus yard plays in the league. So if Jamis wants to get in there and th and lob some balls up, see what happens could get, could get dicey. This feels like the kind of game that the, we look, we look late in the fourth quarter and you're looking at it and you're like, wait, Baltimore's up three with the ball. I know 10 minutes ago it seems too easy. I think that teases the stay away. But I looked at it long and hard. Dolphins against the Cardinals with Tua coming back. And the Dolphins actually played pretty well last week, considering they don't have a quarterback.


Like I thought their defense kept them hanging around. But I just, this to me seems like an all times zigzags day away. A hundred Percent. I didn't even, I, I want no part Of this game. I want no part of the game. I agree. I don't know what to expect. Arizona might be a Nobe team for me now. I don't know how the Chargers didn't beat them. I don't even really know what the Cardinals did. And then you guys get, you guys have a minute to talk me into the Cowboys plus four and a half against the 49 ERs go, I'm not doing it. I like the other side. This Cowboys defense stinks. I don't care who's out for the 49 ERs. Gimme Kyle Shanahan against a Cowboys defense that probably still won't have Micah Parsons. That can't stop anybody. And I like the Niners in that.


I'm not a believer in this Cowboys team at all. I think the Niners actually bounced back in that game. I've been a Dak guy forever. But there's one team he has never solved. Hmm. And it's the Niners, they that their defense even no matter who the coordinator was, that personnel like Warner's ability to take away the middle of the field has really, I think hurt that hurt Dak. And, and he's always had problems in that matchup. That's what scares me the most, more than any of the Niner stuff. I mean, offensively they look a mess you guys talked about on The, Ringer NFL Show All Yak. Now it's no more easy button plays for Purdy to just kind of get guys in space and just dominate. The Mon Stars are no longer, but I, I don't know. I don't think that it's kind of a must win for the Niners too. Yeah. And Dallas, but they'd be three and five.


Well, Dallas isn't good. I mean that's the, the reason to pick the Niners over everything else is I just don't think Dallas is good. Yeah. But I also don't know who I'm scared of, of Niners if Deebo doesn't play. So now it's just like, I gotta stop George Kittle. This feels like all the nerds after this game are like, oh my god, Kyle Shanahan, look at what he did on this, you know, run play. Right. And oh my God, he had this linebacker and a blender. That type of game. The Ronnie Bell game somehow. Yeah. Stay away. Okay, let's go to the picks that I actually liked. So, and you guys can feel free to throw your body in front of any of these. Oh, first of all, before I do that, what's your, what's your favorite other than the Bills?


I like the Bears At all. Right. I have them. They're Coming up. What's your favorite? I'm gonna go with the Jacks. Wow. Yeah, I hate it. I hate having part of it, but gimme, yeah. Jacksonville, I'm gonna hate this on Sunday, but At least it's not a London game. You won't feel terrible until like, you know, two o'clock Eastern time. You and Raheem just cannot resist. You just can't. And Austin Gale's the worst. Like he was like de Sean's last fan. So no, this is the week I think he can get It going. Oh yeah. He needed Deshaun to keep playing so he could have the content on Twitter where he could say Deshaun is the worst quarterback in the history of Football. He, he just would not give up on him. Okay. My first favorite game, sorry, shield the Bengals down to minus one and a half against the Eagles.


Okay. I Don't think you can stop passing offenses and I mean you like you're on the Eagles. Yeah. I just don't think you're gonna be able to stop Higgins and Burrow and and Chase. And I think that Tampa game a couple weeks ago was more of a snapshot for who you are on defense. It could be Now the last two weeks they haven't allowed a touchdown. I know they've played, who'd you play? They've played bad offenses. It's true Bad offenses. You played Deshaun, you played Danny Dimes. Listen, dimes was carving up some defenses earlier in the season. Yeah, no it's true. This is a test for them. I will say their corners though have played really well. When they were struggling against the box, a lot of it was the pass Rush wasn't getting home. They had eight sacks last week against the Giants.


Again, I know it's the Giants, but their corners, the rookie quinone Mitchell and Darius Slay have been having awesome seasons here. So it's gonna be a lot of one-on-one I think on the outside with those corners versus the Bengals receivers. And can the Eagles pass rush get home without blitzing? So I actually took the, took the Eagles this week minus, oh my God. No I was against him last week. But yeah, I was on the Eagles this week because I think Saquon can have a monster game here against that Bengal. So that's the fear. Yeah. Since he some bad defensive stats with them, they're actually higher on DBA than Philly is. But we just stand to Buno. So you know, you wanna guess how many points the Eagles have in the first quarter this year? It's not many.


It's, it's not any zero. They still have not scored in the first quarter. Yeah, I mean Kellen Moore what, what? I don't know what to make of that. I mean the offense looks, you know, very similar to what it looked like last year. The passing game is a mess. If there's a reason to take the Bengals, it's 'cause the Eagles, they had 21 drop backs last week and seven of 'em were a scramble or a sack. The kid they throw go ball stage at Brown. There's literally nothing else with this entire passing game. So I understand that reason to take the Bengals. I actually like the under in this game. I think both defenses are gonna play pretty well and it's gonna be a little low scoring. I was looking at my favorite bet on FanDuel, the first half game bet. And I thought I'd get more value on Bengals win first half Bengals win game.


But it's only plus one 30. It's not worth it. Maybe Maybe SHEO should do the cousin s special dude Bengal's First Half Eagles game comeback Maybe. Yeah That is plus seven 50. Oh Oh. Lean into the, the script Problems. Bit little sprinkle. Where are you on Hertz mentally these days? He hasn't played well. I mean they passing game is a mess. He's turning down throws. They're playing like they did his, that 2021 when it was just run the ball, run the ball, run the ball, hit a couple deep shots and that's the offense. And they've got nothing else. So he's gotta play better. There's jokes about how they're like a service academy just run, run, run. Yeah. But even Navy and Army have more interesting offenses than the Eagles do now. Yeah. My fear with taking the Bengals is their offensive lines banged up and your defensive line could just take over the game and Burrow would be running around for his life.


Yeah. But I think the Bengals can move the ball and throw on them. They're, I think Burrough's 70% completion this year. It's, it's either leading the league or second. Yeah. Which is basically the Tampa recipe of just the chains are moving ball's going six yards here, 15 six and they take the lead early and then you're in a spot you don't wanna be in if you're the Eagles it Yeah. That, that absolutely could happen. I, I think you're right. The left tackle injury for the Bengals against the Eagles Pass rush. Can they get home? That'll probably determine the game Bengals run. Defense has been a little better since Rankins and Hill came back, the two defensive tackles but they also played some bad run offenses. Yeah. So I'm not sure where I stand on on Cincinnati run defense.


Yeah, They play the same two teams, right? The Giants and the Browns. The last two weeks. Same. Same two teams as the Eagles. Are you ready to see the Bengals go three and five? That seems improbable to me. Yeah. Especially for someone like me who picked them to win the Super Bowl. I so I, yeah I think I'm gonna keep Them. I think them in the division. So I heard all the warning flags. I think I might keep that one. Okay, next one is the Bears, which it sounds like we all like that's up to two and a half. I'm gonna do the rare thing of if Daniel somehow plays, I almost feel like that bet should be scratched. I agree with that. Yeah. Yeah. I Don't think that's fair to be stuck with that line if Daniels is playing but does doesn't seem like he's gonna play. I think I would've liked the Bears anyway in this game.


Their defense, the stats are pretty good. They're third against fir on first down, seventh on, third down. They're fifth yards per play. Third turnovers, they're good in the havoc stuff. I like that Havoc ranking. And then Caleb looked really good against some bad teams and some bad defenses. Guess who doesn't have a good defense? Yeah. Washington. So whether Daniels plays or not, I think they can move the ball. He's got all three receivers. This feels like a get everyone's hope up in a real way. Bears win followed by their schedule gets harder. Well they've got the hardest remaining schedule in the NFL if you look at the, the betting markets and win totals. But my big, I mean I don't know if I would like it if Daniels was playing but Mariota, I think people are looking at that game last week and Mel Cliff Kingsbury created this quarterback proof offense.


It was the Carolina Panthers. We've seen enough, they're By far the worst taken the Week. Yes. We've seen enough of Marcus Mariota over the years. Like I want a three game sample of Marcus Mariota and this offense is gonna be trash. So that's the reason this Bears Defense, you mentioned it, they don't give up 20 points right. Against good offenses. So against Marcus Mariota, I think after this game we're being like, wow. Jaden Daniels was a big, big reason why that commander's offense was good. You Lose all the explosive plays with Mariota. Yeah. He's gonna have a dumb turnover and there's a reason, you know he's been in the league for a long time. Yeah. And nobody's ever really been happy with the experience. Like he got benched when he was on the Netflix show. Yeah that was an amazing, he just left the show and they, yeah, He like, I'm out and I'm out on the show as well.


What do you have that This game for me, I wrote the least on it just 'cause I don't have a strong opinion but I don't really see the case for Washington. They have, there's one thing that they've gained and no team has gained more win probability from turnovers than the commanders this year. That tends to be kind of fluky. Yeah. And this is the The bears off the buy. Right. So if we're gonna see any imagination from this offense, which we have seen very little of thus far, maybe this is the spot we see it from Chicago. 'cause I still have major questions about their offense. Like you said, they beat up on some of the worst defenses in the league. It would be a horrific bear's loss. Like wow. Yeah we just lost to Marcus Mariota and our schedule's about to get harder. Yeah. Conversely Washington wins, they're fine.


It's like, hey we're, our record is still awesome. We still have the NFC East. Like we still have control over it. We didn't have Daniels for this game. We're fine. Yeah. The commanders still have to play Philly and Dallas twice each. So the NFC East is gonna be decided much later than this week for sure. They have to play Philly twice and they have the privilege of playing Dallas twice. Not sure how Dallas gets any stops, but I'm still not, Dak has just dominated the NFC East in a way that I refuse to give up on them stealing a bunch of division games and somehow sneaking in Falcons bucks is my next one. I don't understand this line at all and I do understand it, but I also don't, the Falcons, this line moved to Falcons minus two and a half. They looked awful last weekend at Seattle.


Chris Godwin and Mike Evans are no longer playing for the Bucks. We're skipping over this. Yeah. Like that was the whole reason they were successful. And Bucky Irving's pretty good too. But Baker had last Thursday Too. Bucky Baker had these two great receivers that he had real chemistry with and was just moving the ball left and right And in one game both of them went down. I just picked up Jalen McMillan in two of my leagues for big money. By the way, he's the new number one. He is 22 years old. Feels like a little must win ish for the Falcons coming off an awful loss. I get it. They can't rush the passer but I, I just find it hard to believe they're not gonna be able beat the bucks without any star receivers.


I've got the Falcon. I mean you nailed it. I've got the Falcons. You watch that Bucks offense. It's not just like, oh they lost good play. Like that was the offense. If those two guys can't win one-on-one or create explosive plays or yards after the catch. I don't know. Are they good enough to scheme stuff up and you lose both of 'em. It's not like you lost one of 'em. You know what It's like if you had opening night for the Sixers and the Bead and Paul George didn't play And who's ya Belli? Who's gonna be playing? Trey Jalen McMillan is Ya Belli Atlanta's offense. Fifth Against the fifth passing Tampa's D 29th against the Pass. Yeah. 28th. First down they, their defense isn't that good. Yeah. And they do, they try to do a lot of gimmicks with the blitzes and stuff, which might work against cousins 'cause the offensive line hasn't been great.


But I just, you know, first game Atlanta stole it. So there revenge spot Kirk threw for 500 plus yards in that game. Right. And Tampa Bay secondary has given up more explosives than anybody. Them in Baltimore giving up the most explosives in the league. So also what's so Atlanta is, I'm looking up the standings. I did tease Tampa for the record. Oh you did? Up eight and a half. Yeah. So Atlanta's four and three and Tampa's four and three. This game's for the division. For the division in week eight. If Atlanta wins, they're gonna be two games up with the tiebreaker and Tampa's not gonna have their best receivers. Yeah. Atlanta wins this division's kind of over, well More amazing is That New Orleans isn't coming back. One of these teams might have five wins after week eight.


Like what the fuck? Yeah. I almost feels like this has to be a tie but I, I mean if Atlanta loses this game, that's embarrassing. Yeah. You can't beat the Bucks without Mike Evans. And Chris Godman is literally their whole team. Yeah, That's my only, is it a little rat liney? Yes. I mean I'm with you. I saw minus two a Half. Well they lost by 20 to fucking Seattle last week. Yeah. So I don't, and Atlanta, they're four and three but literally could be every game. One in six. One in six. Yeah. One. Yeah. Atlanta's had one game that wasn't down to the final possession basically. Or two games now with last week. Every other game is like two minutes to go. They're within six either way. And Kirk's gotta lead a drive to try to win it or lose it. And they got a couple home. They didn't get others home. But yeah, these division games at home catching eight and a half and a tease.


I love, I love Tampa. You love Tampa and a Tease. Oh tease and a tease. Can you Name four Tampa receivers? Well do I get to count the running back Joe McMillan the running backs Four name four. That's the thing though. They, who Do they run in a full receiver set? They they use, they're not going to, that's the one concern. So they run a lot of 11 personnel. Yeah. They don't have three full receivers now so they gotta go a little heavier. But Kdot, it's a buno kdot big game this Week. See this is young in experienced youthful exuberance. Like we just gotta keep 'em in The Ringer fall. That's right. As we teach him trade Be pissed off, he's gonna get a big, big game for him. Last one, I'm marking the Falcons down. If they lose that game, they should give up the team. By the way she who, if they didn't take Pennix after having seen all the rookies, Who Should they have taken that would've had a huge impact for them at number eight?


Yeah. I'm trying to think of who, who was taking, I mean I, I don't wanna be a homer, but Quinone Mitchell would be looking very good as a corner in that secondary and just look at like the last three years the guys, they could have had I, I mean oh my god, three or four years. Right. They really could have built pits pick on the lines of scrimmage very well. But yeah, that was one name that that, that came to mind. Fire Murphy. I know he got hurt, but I think he would've been really good for them too. Yeah. Jared First. I mean there were, there were definitely good defensive players that they could have taken and added to that group. One of the stories is that none of the defensive guys have really taken the leap. Like, but we Knew that in the draft. Right, right. Nobody was taken till pick 15. Right. Yeah. People were pretty down on it. But yeah, you're right that the cornerback that you got the guy Detroit got the D back Arnold.


Yeah. It seems like those have been kind of the winners. Yeah. There hasn't been one dominant guy yet. For for You're looking at the defensive rookie of the year odds. I can tell It's, yeah. Jared verse is the favorite and Bruce Was good last year. He's Probably the guy they, you know, if you had to pick one guy, if they could redo it, that'd probably be the guy. All right. Last one that I really liked and I try not, sorry Kyle, try not to bet against the Patriots. Oh, Kyle's sad. You're playing seven with the jets. No I'm not. I'm going to tease the jets with the over of 35 down to 35 and a half The overs, 41 and a half tees the jets to one over 35 and a half. The pats are sneaky.


The li the over underlines have not caught up to the team. They have their defense sucks. Yeah, it's awful. The quarterback actually makes some plays. Mays pretty good and they're garbage time threat. Right. They're an end of the half, two minute warning. They can actually get a field goal. They're not, offense isn't terrible. And it's also an all time must win for the Jets. Like their, their season's over. If they don't win this, they beat 'em already. And the only fear would be like a 24 to three type game, like what they had on the Thursday night. But I, this Pat's team is gonna be able to put up like 14. So 35 and a half seems right. Is there any way that Pat's actually win this game?


Wait, What's the, what's the te teaser Term? So jet's down to minus one, minus One. The Over to 35 and a half. I just need to get to 37 points. Jets can win 2017 and I win. Is it a good sign that Devonte Adams had to give a fiery post game speech when he had been in New Jersey for like three days after last week's game? Did you see this story? I did. So you have that, I mean everything that can go wrong has gone wrong with the jets. You mentioned it. The Drake may will push the ball downfield the Jets defense has actually been the bigger story over their offense. Their 21st in defensive DVOA, the offense ranks exactly the same 21st you thought you were getting a mediocre offense with a great defense and their defense isn't good.


But Rogers basically said that he's like, our offense needs to take care of our defense. We need to score points, give them lead. Yeah. That's, he's basically saying our defense sucks. Yeah. Which I was surprised by. But as usual, Aaron Rogers as usual, Aaron Rogers said something that you Shouldn't have. You're, I think you're on the right side. I would be afraid to have any wager depending on the New York Jets with the way this season. I don't think you understand and nobody does. 'cause nobody cares about the Patriots. Nor should they. This was a pretty traumatic, weak in Patriots nation. I've Been following the, The Mayo soft thing fo first of all, they were so, and we talked about it Sunday night in the pod, so I'm not gonna rehash that. They were so bad on Sunday night and so poorly coached and just everything was mismanaged and they looked awful.


And then the quotes after the game from him, which as usually Mayo took no culpability for anything and just blames everybody else says he's soft. And that really went badly. And then Belichick said fuck it and just started like doing little sniper shots on him, the eight different shows he's on and just escalated the stakes. And there's like a real conversation now in Massachusetts. 'cause God knows they love the media, loves this stuff there. It's like, because this guy be one and done would craft do this? I personally don't think he would. I think he'll give him more time, but it's, it's a fucking mess. The wide receiver room. They've had like three different guys have complained publicly. Yeah. No other team has this, I feel like this is an under the radar, like huge story for week eight.


The pa with everything you said, and I've been following it all week long. Like if they come out and are just get blown out by 35 points at home, at home, what are you doing after that with the head coach now? Is there a chance that it's not as bad on the inside as it seems on the outside and they come out and they play well and some players actually like Gerod Mayo and they figure some things out. That's the other thing, you know, Maybe, you come out of this saying, oh my gosh, everything last week was so overblown with the way they played in London and they're competitive in this game. But I they're, they're a sneaky big story. I feel like in, in this week I always listen the player podcasts are for the most part ridiculous. And, and player interviews, export interviews you always have take with a grain of salt.


I was shocked by how many people who talk or have platforms were like, wow, you don't call your team soft. Yeah. That's never worked. That's never motivated anybody. That's like the number one thing you can't do. Like people are pretty horrified by it and you try to walk it back the next day. He's like, I wasn't saying the team was soft, I was saying we played soft. It's like no, you said the team was soft. Yeah, that's actually what you did. And it's one of like many huge mistakes he's made. But yeah, they, they just seem really poorly prepared and poorly coached, which every year there's two teams, right? Like Carolina last year with Wrike, you knew something was like way off. Like, so it's like something Monty Williams and the Pistons. Yeah.


It's like this seems off something's wrong. And that's the vibe I'm getting from the Pats. Yeah. Like it just doesn't seem right. What do you see when you're Watching? Maybe they could try a different former linebacker as their head coach next year. Mike Vrabel. He would, he is available. I believe I, yeah. I I think the offense is kind of interesting early in the game and then the second half offenses have not been as inspiring. The like, once they get off the script. Yeah. Once they try to establish the run, it's a disaster. Yeah. Because they can't run the ball. But the ones that I like, they were 31st in explosive pass rate the first five weeks with Beset. They're up to 15th the last few weeks. Yeah. Kyle hitting some big plays down the field. They, they finally hit some 10, 20 plus yard plays and that's when you don't have a good, you've talked about this when you don't have a good offense, try to hit some big plays and see what happens.


We had a Drew Bledso season, I think it was the second season. They the same thing. Couldn't run the ball team wasn't very good and they were just like, drew aired out and he did and it was kind of, it it kind of worked a little bit. Yeah. And he's just flinging the ball. They bent coat that year. I, I have a feeling if they're actually gonna try to win this game, which I would assume they'd want to, 'cause it's the Jets, like that's it for the run game. They can't run the ball. The line sucks. So I just generally like the over, because I don't think they're gonna be able to stop the, the Jets, the, the bri the tackling linebackers they've set, they've made history with how bad the tackling is. I've never seen anything like it. Yeah. So I think Brie Hall could have a big game, but, so I like Jets minus one with the over 35 and a half.


So, all right, so we have four on the fence with Colts plus 11 and a half with the under 52 and a half in Houston. Oh, you guys vote on that. You like that one? I Like it. I like it. So, okay. Yeah, so add that Cardiac Colts And then Bills minus three in Seattle. What are your thoughts? I'm, I'm, I've, I'm completely passing on this game. I'm excited to watch it. It's actually, but you It Watch I like it. It's one of my favorite. But listen, I thought, I thought the bundle, you know we had a nice dinner last night, bill. I thought he would come in support me by pick, but that's okay. Listen, you gotta, you gotta speak. Speak with whatever you're feeling at the time. I do like the bills minus three at Seattle. Well maybe what I can do is do little half bets or we could do a parlay with all three of those.


This Is bills minus three. I I I jags plus seven and a half and the over or maybe just builds minus three with Jags plus seven and a half. I do feel like Charlie at the wall and it's always sunny and I know that they filmed it right outside the office. Yeah, I I've tried to keep track of all the teasers that have just been thrown at me in the last 10 minutes. What if, what if we teased Jacksonville up to or not teased, nudged it up to plus seven and a half. So we get that touchdown buffer with bills minus three and it's a Dund shield Parlay. Alright, you're, you're responsible for the jack part of that's let's it, alright there you go. Alright, so we just looked this up. Bill's minus three and then the Jags up to plus seven and a half. That parlay is plus 1 79.


So I think we'll sprinkle something on that too.


I also need an anytime touchdown score. Preferably a tight end 'cause FanDuel is running a very cool touchdown bonus. What is, what are we getting for that one Kyle? 30% profit boost. I believe 30% profit Boost Has to be a tight end. Does That have to be a tight end? No, I was gonna say Kate Otten ISS looking real good this weekend. Kate Otten for the Bucks. Yeah. Tucker Craft. Somebody's gotta a score. Oh my. We're against Tucker Craft. We're against Emotional hedge you That No, we're not Emotionally hedging Tucker Crowd. I, I do Brian Thomas often. So maybe he, he could score for the Jags. So you got K the Only reliable receiver K otten plus 180 Anytime score. Sure. I love it. Okay. Yeah, somebody's gotta score for the bucks they will get eventually get points in the game. Right. So, alright. Hopefully What a performance by you Kate Otten and the Jags just coming in on fire. What a Performance this is the NFL And we're definitely doing Colts under. Okay. Alright. We're gonna do million dollar picks in a second, but first we're gonna do who's delivering presented by Ubereats where we break down the NFL players who have delivered so far this season from household names to out of nowhere surprises no surprise that Lamar Jackson has been delivering. I feel like he has the MVP in his hands now. Right. Is there, who would you even put against him at this point? No, he's the favor. He's never played better. Their offense has been so much better than any other offense in the NFL. It's crazy. He's coming off an MVP and he's playing better than he did last season. Have you seen the Stephen Ruiz updated QB rankings? No. There's a new number one Lamar Jackson. He wasn't number one Before. Well he, well Mahomes has had the number one spot for I think Mahomes a few years now. But is Mahomes has took the year off. He's on sabbatical And yet undefeated six Touchdowns, eight picks. No, I'm kidding. Mahomes don't listen to me. Five years from now he is gonna come back to haunt me. Another one who's delivered the Derrick Henry trade slash how awesome he's been. It's, it's just fun to watch those dudes together. Any receiver, I would've said Nico Collins here. But you know, now that I was his same Mike Evans. But now yeah. So all the receivers who have been delivering are basically out. Yeah. I feel like St. Brown could get going with no Jamon Williams for two games. He's been right on the cusp of having an awesome game. But Brian Thomas Jr. Brian Thomas Jr. Another one who's been over for a couple touchdowns too. What's your favorite defense for delivering? My favorite, it's gotta be the Vikings, right? Yeah. With Brian Flores. They've had the best defense in the NFL even though their team isn't great. I feel like their coaching has been unbelievable. Yeah, they're a state. I'm always scared to go against 'em now. Yeah. I didn't even feel good taking the lions against 'em this week, but I did it. Pittsburgh's defense has been pretty good too. Pittsburgh's been good. I think we, this is the year of Spagnolo. Mm. Casey's defense. Yep. All right. That was who's delivering presented by Ubereats where you can get the best deals on game day food all season long. We didn't talk about a kicker. Who's delivering? Brandon Aubrey AUB Kicker Delivering society too. Aubrey is just jury duty delivering all over the place. Yep. Ubereats the official on-demand delivery partner in the NFL order now.


All right Kyle, it's time. The million dollar picks for week eight coming off a $580,000 windfall last week. That really should have been more. We're up 163,000 for the year. Mainly because I don't bet on Deshaun Watson do some of the stuff your buddy Austin Gale does on paper chasers. I'm glad we came up with a name finally for it's a good name for the pod. I've got some fun buttons. We had a bunch of trademark violations before we got to Paper Chasers. Million dollar picks week eight. We all love the Bears minus two and a half against Marcus Mariota and Washington. Do we put the caveat that if Daniel's plays this is a no bet or do we just ride it? I would be shocked if Da Daniel's playing.


Okay, let's just ride it. You know what, we're gambling. Yeah, let's go. Bears minus two and a half. Washington doesn't need this game. This is the last Easy Bears game before it gets hard. Washington D is terrible. The Bears can move the bottom. So that's our first one. Falcons minus two and a half against the depleted bucks. The bundle doesn't like it but you, you, you like the Bucks and the tees a little bit. Even though you could've named three receivers on the team. Sheila and I like the Falcons and it bounced back. Yeah. Minus two and a half. No, Mike Evans. No Chris Godwin just played on a Monday night. These teams have already played this feels like Atlanta gets their team right. That's two. The Bengals minus one and a half against the Philadelphia Eagles Shield doesn't like this one.


The bundle likes it. The bundle likes it. Oh yeah, A little bit. I'm I'm You mentioned havoc. I'm a little scared 'cause the Bengals do not create much, they Do not create much havoc. The havoc might be on the Philadelphia sideline. Yeah. With people throwing stuff. I just think we saw this game a few weeks ago, a version of it with Tampa where they just threw on Philly the whole game. Philly's defense wore down. The Bengals I think can do that again. I don't think the Bengals are going three and five. So that's three. We're gonna put $200,000 on each of those. We are also putting 200,000 on the jets teased down to minus one with the over of 30, down to 35 and a half because Drake making get cheap points and I think the Jets win and the jets lose this game.


This becomes one of the dark moments in Jets history. They lose this dysfunctional Pats team that's turning on the coach. Yeah. Come on then. We all like this one. Another tease Colt's up to 11 and a half against Houston. They've already played the under up to 52 and a half, 53 points. Needs to beat this. No, Nico Collins. Yeah, he's dominated the Cols in his head to head. The fear would be the Anthony Richardson pick six. Like to start the first quarter, it's all of a sudden it's seven. Nothing. We're like, oh my God. All right. And then last but not least, we're doing a little a hundred K on a UND shield Parlay. She'll love the bills minus three against Seattle. The bundle likes the Jags.


We're gonna bring them up to plus seven and a half. That is plus 1 79 on FanDuel. So we'll put, actually we'll put 120 K on that. So to get that over 200. And then last but not least, FanDuel's 30% touchdown scoring. Boost you in On Otten. I can't wait. This is all I'm gonna be watching on Plus 180. I'm gonna have have to have a screen on Falcons bucks now for something. Little Scr. Little we'll throw 20 5K on that just to respect ourselves. Yes, she Kati We can hear you on The. Ringer. NFL Show The Bundle you're on The Ringer gambling show You pop on Philly special from time to time. Right? Yeah, we Had a Shortlived Philly's playoff run to Reminisce Shortlived. Hey, I, I didn't have a playoff run at all so I'm, I'm jealous. Good to see you guys. You too. Good To see you too.


Alright, that's it for the podcast. Thanks to Woz and Mahoney and CR and Cap and Dund and Kyle Creon and Steves for producing as well. That's it for the two part pod. I will see you on Sunday unless I'm dead of an illness.


Must be 21 plus in President select states for Kansas. An affiliation with Kansas Star Casino are 18 plus and President DC Gambling problem. Call 100 gambler. Visit rg help.com. Call 1 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org/chat in Connecticut. Or visit md gambling help.org in Maryland. Hope is here. Visit gambling helpline ma.org or call 803 2 7 50 50 for twenty four seven. Support Massachusetts. Or call 1 8 7 7 8 Hope ny. Or Text Hope NY in New York.