
It's part two of the Special Thursday Pod Joel Embiid in the Sixers. What's going on there? Million dollar Picks All Next


This episode of The Bill. Simmons Podcast is brought to you by RayBan Meta. Smart Glasses built with meta ai. RayBan meta smart glasses react to what you see so you can learn more about the world around you. You can also take hands free photos, videos, send messages, make video calls, even play music and podcasts straight from your glasses with Ray Band Meta.


This episode is brought to you by Michelob ULTRA. It's tip off time for NBA Cup. So I hope you're already in stocked up on Michelob ULTRA. Notice how I called it NBA cup, but not the NBA cup. Trying to get that going. We'll see how it goes. I really love how they're getting fans. Closer to all the action With Mick Lobo Ultra Courtside. It has exclusive content and prizes like Courtside seats the trip to the Paris Global game or to Allstar weekend and much more. Learn how you can get closer to the action. Visit Michelob ULTRA dot com slash courtside. Michelob ULTRA superior access Courtside 24 25 sweepstakes. No purchase necessary. Open to us residence 21 plus begins on 10. 1 24 goes through 7 1 25. Visit Michelob ULTRA dot com com slash courtside for free. Entry. Entry deadlines and official rules and void were prohibited.


We're also brought to you by The Ringer Podcast Network. If you missed part one of this podcast, I did an NBA six pack and we talked to Peter Schrager for a long, long time and it is already up and you can watch it as well on the Bill Simmons YouTube channel where we put clips and videos of all the stuff we do here. We also have a Ringer Movies YouTube channel where we put the re watchable, where we did the replacements on Monday. I was surprised how many people are excited in my life that we did this. A lot of people love that movie. So there you go. Coming up on this podcast, Chris Ryan, my longtime grantland slash ringer colleague, my frequent co-host on the re watchable and a diehard Philadelphia fan.


We're gonna talk about this Joel and Bead Sixers situation. 'cause it's getting really, really grim and it's worth two segments. So we had them witch Joe House, who stuck around and did million dollar picks with me after I like week 12. We're gonna talk about that. Tried to figure out a way to squeeze Drake man into the podcast somehow, which we did. A million dollar picks. Can't wait for you to listen first. Our friends from Pearl Jam.


All right. Taping this early Thursday afternoon. Joe House is here because we're gonna be doing a million dollar picks a little bit later. Chris Ryan is here of The Ringer. We've worked together 13 years, diehard Philadelphia fan. And Chris, I wouldn't be doing my job if I didn't ask you what it's like to be a Philadelphia 76 ERs fan right now. You know what, it's actually not as bad as you think because it, it was a head on collision and, and like it was dead on impact. It's two and 12. Yeah. Like they could probably scratch and claw their way outta this. But to me this season they had a kind of like end of the season vibe in the second half against Memphis on Wednesday House.


Did you watch it? I couldn't look away. I watched the entire game. I think I watched every single minute of it. I, I was going back and forth, but it wasn't encouraging. I I, I still wanna know why MB is playing. I still would like to know why. Yeah. C walk us through this. What's the upside of not? So all right, they fuck up. He plays the Olympics. They don't talk him outta that. That was a mistake. They fuck up, they give him a giant extension before the season starts. They didn't Fuck up, bill, come on. They have to fucking give Joel MB a giant extension. Like what? Like Well, I think they fucked up that he wasn't obviously wasn't healthy. Yeah, but he hasn't been healthy his entire career.


He is not been like a 100% I feel perfect athlete the entire Time. So you fired up when they gave him an extension? I think that it's the price of doing business, I think. Like, like, and, and I think that's what Steve Bomber found out with Kawhi. I mean, I dunno what we're talking about. Well, whatever you could, we could, they put themselves behind the eight ball with the extension. Yeah. But then why throw him out there when he is obviously not healthy? Explain this to us. I can't explain it to you because this has been a hallmark of like the entire beat and beat experience where I think as fans, especially this generation of fans of the Sixers are completely like, okay with hey, we're gonna have to take some losses to make some gains. It's, that's the whole point of the process was that this was gonna be this tear down to the studs and that we're gonna then build up with homegrown talent and bringing in free agents from acquiring guys through trade to help that homegrown talent get through a title.


We are exactly in the same place we were when Doug Collins left, which is basically a second round basketball team. And we're aging now. Like we have changed the kind of the sort of character of the team to where Joel MB is 30, he looks like he's 38. He might even look like he's 47 frankly. And like the guys that they have around him are largely veterans who were there on not necessarily mercenary contracts, but certainly like are there to win titles or get deep into the playoffs. McCain. Yeah. But then you have the sole other fun Sixers team where it's like, that's McCain and Maxi and Elli. That's Just the thing. If, if there was a two and 12 McCain and Maxi team, I think it would've been like, oh yeah, this is kinda weird and sucks and we're, we're pretty much out of it.


But who knows, like we're feisty and McCain's great, but instead with George who's now hyperextended his knee knee and is is back out again and Mbbi doing the like daily and not even daily like hourly updates on like maybe I will, maybe I won't. I'm never gonna be a hundred percent, I won't play back to backs, but I will if it's rolling for me and I should be out, but I'm gonna come back in. If they had just been like Joel and B tweaked something at the end of the Olympics, he's out for the first six weeks. I just think it's a completely different scenario You agree with that has Of course, of course it is. This is to me the singular most baffling aspect of this entire deal.


I thought that the Sixers, in terms of team building had a pretty successful summer. They put all their chips in the middle. They were like, well we know you thought that 'cause you took the over of 50 and a half wins. Remember that I, I stand by it. It wasn't wrong in the context of the information that was available. It was a simple idea. I do think it, it was then desirable for them to try and finish among the top four teams in the east desirable. Right. Understanding of course that you're not gonna get a full season out of MP or a full season out of Paul George. You, you hope for most of a full season out of Maxie and that you can weather the storm enough to get around 50 wins and finish in the top four in the east.


'cause all things being equal would be better to be half home court in the first round than not. But having said all that, the thing that's baffling to me still doesn't have an answer is what's with the drama mama? What are we talking about? Just shut up. Well, like you did a great job in the summer. You built the best team you could build. There is a closing window on on Embiid. We all agree there that Joel Embiid ain't gonna be playing professional basketball for another mother effing decade. So you go all in and he's, there's something happened. Something either at the Olympics, after the Olympics, something happened or before the Olympics. Or before. Yeah. So we gotta shut 'em down. Okay.


Shut 'em down. Shut 'em down and shut em up. That's it. There's nothing else to say. Why are we talking, what is who, who benefits from the goddamn daily soap operas? Who is for you go to the, why are we talking thing? It's literally why are we talking? Because all this stuff leaked out from that hour long meeting where we come to find out the least surprising piece of information cr in recent Sixers history, which is that Joel l Embiid, the, the other players were upset about his accountability showing up late to meetings, his practice habits. and it was like, yeah, I I'm not surprised by one aspect of this, were you?


No, but I think that the, this is all about how it's getting framed, right? So like if you change over two thirds of your roster almost every season, you're not gonna be able to control the culture of the locker room. And if you bring in new faces who maybe don't have the same allegiances or the same relationships with guys in that locker room, they might just have like more incentive to say something to their agent who says something to shams whatever happened. Honestly, it feels like that literal part of Maxi calling out Embiid seems like it was kind of blown out of proportion. You know, like there was like well because They're buddies, right? Yeah. They are buddies. and it sounds like at least from Embiid side of things, he was like, that was 30 seconds of like a 30 minute meeting.


You know, like yeah. Was you one person being like, you gotta show up on time more. And him being like, you're right. I gotta be better. Why Joel LM beat is 30 and not showing up to shit on time. And that, that has become so detrimental to the team that it's getting out into an ESPN report and that other guys on the team clearly don't look at him as the alpha leader of the locker room and are okay with letting those details out of the locker room. Like that's a whole other conversation. But yeah, like the communication part of this has been awful from top to bottom. Well and then you have comparing his work ethic and ability to stay in shape versus some of the other best players in the league, right? That's where it really jumps out.


And that's been the thing we've said on this podcast over and over again. He's competing against people like Giannis and Tatum, like LeBron in year 22. Yeah. These guys that, you know, this is their life is to stay in shape and be ready for seasons and you know, not make excuses about stuff. I think house and I are a little older than cr we've seen a lot of centers hit this point and it usually doesn't end well. And that was the case I made before the season. As you get older, as you start carrying more weight, as you have some injuries and some injury history, not a lot of evidence. Like we saw it happen. You had Andrew Bynum that year, I think he was an all star in 2012 and two years later he was outta the league.


You just, when you're talking about these big seven foot, 2 7 3 bodies with extra weight house, that's where my mind went to some of the guys we watch where it ends fast. Yeah. But the only thing that cuts against that is that it seemed like for the very first time in his career, it finally came out of his mouth that I think I should show up to, to the season in shape. I think this will be the season that I will choose. And there was a kind of logic thread to it. He just surrounded himself with the upper of upper echelon, a highest performing, highest successful NBA players and staff.


Right? Usually there's a bump from that, right? The Olympic bump, what, what, what was was somehow lost because he did get that experience. He was with all of those bright minds and very successful players with their own successful regimens. And he did say afterwards, I am going to be the skinny guy. It's gonna be skinny and beat. I wanna be like Tim Duncan. I wanna have, we still haven't seen a thinner body, haven't seen Tim Duncan part that he needed to internalize probably was just not saying anything. You know what I mean? Like, it's just, it, they, they needed probably to put a cap on the narration and the, the interfacing with the press about like what his intentions are and where he is and, and it, it's honestly like, it's weird hero ball stuff for him to be out there right now.


And it's really unfortunate because what happens to him when he's not feeling great is his game becomes repulsive. It, it honestly becomes fucking nauseating to watch him play. Yeah. There's some guys who are like, oh, look at him, he's gutting it out. You know what I mean? This is not Philip Rivers on a broken leg. This is Like, no, he, I think he fell down what, eight times last night. He's just flopping around and it Yeah. Right. He wears all of his emotions on his face, good and bad. Yeah. And this last night against Memphis was the all time worst case version of that. And it's just, it, I this is not a together team. It's not being coached in a way that seems like the coach wants to be there.


Maybe he does, but this is not the Nick nurse that I thought the Sixers were getting that it's not the Nick nurse that coached last year. Yeah. And he seems super pissed about whatever the situation is. He seems disgruntled in every press conference. He seems supremely annoyed with the Press Corps and then on top of that, so Welcome to Philly. Yeah. But like, honestly man though, like it's every, every city is hard on a team that has expectations though, right? Like, I mean the, the thing that I think is so jarring about this is that I almost wonder if it would be worse if they were four and seven, you know what I mean? Because it would be like, well you're not quite playing up to expectations.


This is a disaster. Well that, like I was looking at their schedule. They, they lose every game by 10 to 20 points. I think my they've had one close loss. It's not close. Every other Loss is a blowout. Yeah. Their net differential is, is fourth worst at the NBA that game yesterday. Which, you know, they, they kind of fought back at the end 'cause Memphis isn't good and also kind of fell asleep. But oh by the way, even that game, they done 20 in the fourth quarter, Got acid kicked by Luke Kenard and Alama and like they, they didn't have Ja or Edie last night. So it's not like you can like be like, oh well we got taken out by three all NBA guys. It's like, no, you, you lost to the B team Grizzlies in a like kind of half full gym.


Well the alarming thing about Embi like House, what you said earlier about why, why so much talking, why telling us why you're feeling better, you're gonna lose the weight. To me it's like me and C are one of our favorite movies. The town, it's the Blake Lively character being like, Dougie, I quit drinking Shine and I get to get an apartment, it's gonna be great. And it's like, I dunno if I trust this not to compare a beat to Blake Lively in the town, but I guess I just did. It's like, ah, that all sounds good, but can I, can I see it for like a year? Can I, can I see Skinny and bead? Can I see you play some back to backs? I just feel like the ship sailed. What was crazy about last night, the body language, the team just doesn't seem together at all.


The bench seemed like they were really trying to like cheer baskets and stand up and do the good chemistry thing. But on the court it was a mess. And I noticed this last year with mb during the Nick series that I remember talking about it on the pod and house. I think you and I talked about it is just really slow to the ball now on rebounds and shop lock stuff. And I don't know whether his knees are just like he's carrying too much weight. They're shot, he can't move quickly anymore. He doesn't have quick burst stuff. This was, we also saw that in the Olympics, which is why I think they were so hesitant to play him in certain situations. He gets killed on the offensive boards now there's guys flying around.


If you, if you put him in a pick and roll and he has to run out to a shooter, he can't. And over and over again you watch, it's not just that they're losing the offense that these teams are getting combined with the offensive rebounds that they can get. I think the most alarming thing to me it's, he can still get his points. I feel like he can always get to 25 or 30, but the other side of the ball is the alarming part to me. But on pa honestly dude on paper with all due respect House, they're not the wizards. Like they shouldn't be two and 12 like Paul I agree. And Tyrese Maxey, I know they've missed time each, but like there have been stretches of time over the last five seasons with the Sixers where the Sixers have been able to weather three weeks, five weeks without Indeed.


Yeah. And stay in the kind of like middle of the pack in the Eastern conference. It's Literally why I had them winning 50 games. This is like A, a mutiny like this Is, they be able to roll with it. Well how Ready to Brooklyn, they played Brooklyn on Friday night at home and they play the Clippers on Sunday at home. The re revenge of James Harden. I almost think they're better off not playing at home then they play the Houston Pit Bulls on Wednesday, which is just a nightmare game. Talk about a team that plays hard and has athletes and is is relentless. That's a team I don't wanna play. And then they're at Detroit on November 30th. Does Nick nurse make it outta the month for you? Oh, of course. I mean, there wouldn't have to be of course.


Really? What, what what, what's the thesis for getting rid of Nick Nurse? Like what? Like how, how is that gonna help? He's not the one well under the Rob Poka law, if things are going wrong, it's gotta be somebody else's fault. Who else are you gonna blame? They can't get rid of Georgia. Be, it's not blame. There's nothing to blame. It's November w Well, you know the, the, the season that matters starts in March. Their, their forecasted wind total right now is 38 and a half. Is that un them? Yes it is. You can be bet. Oh my god, that was two and a half, two days ago. Well, it's 38 and a half right now. Four wins. But I'm telling you there are only a couple slots out of the 10 seed. Yeah, they're dead last at Eastern Conference right now as we're taping, but only a handful of spots away.


And they right now have the seventh best odds to make the playoffs. It's minus two 15 for the Sixers to make the playoffs. Oh shit. So those odds weren't even on fando like three hours ago when I was taping. So cr the The people demanded it. People we have to fucking Short these guys. Yeah, No, to make the playoffs though much better. Odds to make them to miss. Yeah, but they're not, I don't think they're gonna be in the top six. So agreed ba basically the cutoff would be the 10 seed cr Right. Team, you have to finish above five teams. So I'm gonna list some teams like you'll finish ahead of Washington no matter what happens. You have too much talent that's happening. Sorry, house, way to go out on a limb, you'll finish ahead of Toronto.


'cause I don't, I don't think Toronto even necessarily wants to be good. So that's the second one. Charlotte, I I think you'll finish ahead of Charlotte. I do too. So there's three, then it starts getting a little gamey like you have Chicago, that you catch Chicago on the right night and they can score, you know, they can score with anybody. They look okay, you'd have to pass Detroit and Brooklyn. You'd have to pass two of those three. Detroit right now is seven and nine and they're in these games and Cade is playing better than anyone on the Sixers. Can you get to a 10 seed? I think you can get to a 10 seed. I think that that's gonna be so far below the expectations of the franchise at this point.


That it's gonna still be seen as, as an abject failure. This is not, I don't think that this team had like Miami heat expectations this season where it's like, what they do is basically use the regular season as a, like a experiment, you know, and weather all these storms and exposed making guys from G Leaguers into all stars and it's just going to, they're gonna scrape and claw their way into the playoffs and then nobody wants to play them. I think this is a team that was really hoping to have some kind of home court advantage in the playoffs. And also probably to be so safe in that, that they could rest guys down the stretch and make sure Embiid was healthy. Now It's the Opposite. So now it's the opposite. And I think, like, I think now what happened with that meeting coming out becoming public is the problem is, is that everything seems like a reaction to something else.


So losing to Memphis, which sucked anyway, is now a failure of the meeting to galvanize the team. Right? So like instead of it just being like, you lost on the road to Memphis, what a shitty start of the season, but hopefully everybody starts to get get it together. It's now like that meeting didn't work right. Embiid looked miserable. He immediately comes out after the Memphis game and says whoever leaked that is a real piece of shit. Presumably the person in the la somebody in the locker room did that. Yeah. So that's what is happening in that locker room. George goes out, George does a podcast about the the all hands meeting. The the team meeting. Oh he Did that.


I missed that part. He did Apparently. Yeah. I haven't listened to it yet. I just saw House was just showing me the, the, the thumbnail From it. Definitely getting podcast content outta it. This It's like I, my recommendation would be for Joel and B to go out and not play for four weeks to four to six weeks and get as healthy as he can because him being like, I'm gonna try and drag my body through 35 minutes against Memphis. No, no he's not healthy. They, they Need to win 34 games. So just send him packing and make sure he gets in shape. I thought he looked so miserable last night when that when the halftime hit and he just walked off. Yeah and it was like he was like a tennis player. We had take a break. I have a, I have a, so we're gonna keep talking about Philly but I have a take that I'm so excited to throw at house that I've been saving for for the podcast.


That's next.


This episode is brought to you by the all new reimagined Nissan kicks from the bolt new exterior to the performance and tech features like intelligent all-wheel drive and a Bose personal plus sound system. Cars where I live, I live in the Los Angeles area and cars are one of the most important things you can have 'cause you're in them a lot because you gotta drive around all over the place. You know what's fun to have a nice car for an everyday commute to have music and the ability to do hands-free stuff and just to feel safe you can do it. Drive the all new reimagined Nissan kicks today. Head over to Nissan USA to learn more. Bose personal plus sound system is an available feature. Bose is a registered trademark in the Bose corporation. Intelligent all wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


This episode is brought to you by SimpliSafe. It is football season which means the holidays are coming up and actually SimpliSafe is already having a Black Friday sale. So if you're worried about the safety of your home and family, now is the time to get home security. I personally like to use SimpliSafe because they can stop intruders before they break into your home. That's kind of the goal. I think they take home security to the next level if they're active guard outdoor protection. It's not an old school system. They only take action when somebody is already in nurse house. No, that's not SimpliSafe. They take action before somebody gets in your house. There's no long term contracts, No cancellation fees. It's around $1 a day and it gives me peace of mind and helps me and my family feel protected. So take advantage of this Black Friday sale this week only right now you could take 60% off any new system with a select professional monitoring plan. Head to SimpliSafe dot com slash bs to claim your discount and make sure your home is safe this season. Keep your home, your family and your peace of mind protected with SimpliSafe. Again, go to SimpliSafe dot com slash bs that is SimpliSafe with two eyes. There's no safe like SimpliSafe.


Before we get back to talking about Joel beat a little bit more guys, I love the NBA cup, you know makes better better. A ringer Profit Boost token on FanDuel. I told FanDuel we wanna celebrate the NBA cup. Give out some profit boost. We created the 30 on 30 ringer PBT. You can boost any 30 point score or 30 on 30 special bet on this Friday's NBA cup slate. For instance CR you can take Cam Thomas against your Philadelphia 76 ERs and it just like Cam Thomas Cook, right? Yeah. How so? Are you a 30 point score bet guy? It's pretty fun. I haven't been but I'm willing to to to jump in. Especially with the profit boost. Yeah. So yeah on Fridays it pops up and they'll give you like four choices. So then you gotta do the matchups in your head. Will they give us Cam Thomas? They'll give us Cam Thomas. Oh and it'll probably be like plus one 40 plus. Last week on Friday I gave out three including Grady Dick was plus seven 50 against Detroit. I was very excited about it. He didn't get it but it was a fun thing to monitor during the game. But just pick your 30 point score ride and there you go. You can even maybe take Joelle and beat if he ends up playing one of these games. C are U an NBA Cup guy? I Am an NBA Cup guy. I love the the You love the courts D different Courts. Sure. You know, just visually stimulating. I love tournament basketball so this I the group stages or whatever but I love the knockouts. I like the concept of guys trying when they're down eight with like 10 seconds left. Yeah, it's super fun. And by the way, very good for the 30 on 30 as well. Hope you like The Ringer Profit Boost. We'll be doing it each Friday during the NBA cup. Just look for 30 on 30 in the FanDuel Sportsbook app.


Alright, here we go. House C, feel free to weigh in as well. Are we sure Nick Nurse is good. Can I just walk with through, I'm willing to say yes he is good but can we just walk through it? So he takes over a Toronto team that went 59 and 23 in 2019. They went 58 and 24. They win on that KOA shot last second. Sorry Chris LeBron's in the west. It's the first year LeBron leaves. They play the Warriors in the finals. Katie's hurt doesn't come back to game five immediately blows out his Achilles k Clay Thompson gets hurt. Same game. They get this miracle Kauai performance and they squeeze it out and we're like, Nick nurse is a good coach and I think he probably is a decent to good coach next year.


53 wins, eh, next year, 27 wins 48, 41 gets fired from there. Goes to Philly the year after. Has that really weird Nick series and then looks completely miserable this year. I just, I wonder if there's like only four or five good coaches period. And I thought maybe he was one of them, but I think what we're learning is he probably wasn't house's your thoughts. I think what you're speaking to and I think is a fair criticism of him is his ability to, to rally his ability to, you know, get guys on the same page with a common cause. Because the story about why Toronto fell apart had to do with a defensive scheme where they had a whole bunch of guys, they didn't have one tall guy on that team on that roster, right?


They had all had to go, you know, baseline to baseline, side to side, full out defensive pressure, extended way out to the three point line. And at some point they all got effing tired of it and they went to coach Nick nurse and said, God dammit coach Nick nurse you are, this is exhausting. We can't expend all of this energy playing all this defense in this way. and it fell on deaf ears and they were like, Hey, guess what Nickers fuck you. That's it right then Ghost to Phillys team. You know that not like last year. and it, I was thinking about that Toronto team 'cause it's such a weird outlier, right? They had great defense, right?


They have Kauai who's actually healthy. They have Marcus all rim protection, they have Kyle, Larry, they have aka they have Anna Nobi that didn't have him in the playoffs that year. Danny Green, they had wings, they had Ibaka, but really they had Kauai who we left that playoffs thinking this is the best part in the world. And we've seen coaches that have coaches great situations like that. And I I just wonder like, like when they hired him CR and we talked about it, it was like, wow, you got Nick Ners, that guy's a fucking Great coach. Yeah. Because it was like he, there was and it was like, is he, you know, are we gonna lose him to the Bucks? There was like a whole like Nick Ners is the hottest reagent candidate. Yeah. There's sweepstakes. Yeah. Not sure there'd be a sweepstakes again, I guess is my point. I don't really know.


I don't really know. Would Eric Spolstra just do a better job here? Like I, it what? Probably not. What can A coach, what can a coach do when you're, when the the main issue seems to be effort, you know? Well The big issue is it doesn't seem like he can 100% connect with Embiid as we've seen basically from all of em be's resume this season. Yeah. But I, I think there's a, there there, everybody gets a little piece of blame pie, you know, Embiid talking about are you wanna go Blame Pie? We're doing a, are we doing a ES pn Gick? I like this. And Mbbi deserves a slice. Darrell deserves a slice. Paul George deserves a slice. Nick nurse deserves a slice. You know, like MB can't stop saying stupid shit.


That's a huge problem. But that's probably more of a fan problem I would imagine than it is. Yeah. Than it is a player problem. I just think that this looks like a team that hates each other. And I honestly, I was trying to rack my brains. I mean I, you can look up, it's like, oh who's two and 12 and still makes the playoffs? It's like not that many teams, six Out of 92 I looked at that. Right? But it's now that the playoffs have been expanded. But more than that you just don't really see teams that clearly dislike each other this much doing anything like yeah, there are teams. Teams. Do They really, do they really dislike each other? Well, I don't know. It does seem like a happy team. I I think is a very fair point. Yeah. It's a they don't seem, seem happy playing basketball together. Right, right.


And Jared McCain looks like he's having fun and I don't think any of the guys, nobody on that team except for Jared McCain is playing in the Plus they're not playing in. Wow. We never expected that. But Jared McCain him and Connect are like the two big success stories of the draft so far. It seems like it's not like it, it George's looks terrible even when he's not being dragged off the court. Maxie iss obviously hurt. Drummond looks old, you know, like the Caleb Martin. There's no no signs that Drummond might have been a bad signing. Yeah. Kyle, Kyle that Kyle Lowry might not have it anymore. Yeah. So, but but here's the thing. ci, they like, they crushed the McCain pick, they get Caleb Barton at a huge discount.


He was the only guy who was flying around last. Yeah. I actually thought he was really good last night. And ya Belli was a really goods, they added three guys to the rotation that, and It doesn't matter if he or awesome Guys and it hasn't mattered at all And bead right And the whole entire thing runs through in bead. Especially if Paul George is gonna be this passive. That's one thing that's been sad is that like, because he got hurt in the preseason and because like he's just reinjured himself, there's been no opportunity to be like, Hey man Paul, we're gonna need you to carry us for the first 20 games of the season. You know, you're gonna have to go out and get 25 a night. You're gonna have to be the lead scorer. You're gonna have to take the best player on the opposing team on defense. And he is just completely come.


The terrifying thing is like, this is why the the Clippers let him go. Yeah. They probably saw this coming. Like he, I covered this In Part one. It's like buying the, buying the used car from somebody who's really eager to sell it to you. It's probably a red flag. It's such A good bill. Have you ever had a Celtic season in recent memory? We did. We had the second Kyrie season. Yeah, you could see it the whole season. It's like it's off. This is off. But I talked about this when I did the power pole a couple weeks ago about when the concept of sacrifice when you're putting together a big three and how like when people always point to the oh eight Celtics where it was like those guys were at the point of their career where they're ready to give something up this time around.


You'd have to have him bead what's he given up and does he wanna get in shape you Paul George, who's probably the most likely candidate to be like, yeah, I don't care if I score all the time, I just wanna win a title. And then you have Maxie who's trying to prove he's a great player. He hasn't, you know, he, he doesn't wanna sacrifice anything. He shouldn't wanna, he is a young player who's trying to prove that he's one of the best guards in the league. So that alone made me nervous. But then the indeed conditioning and then the chemistry is, I think the variables even house couldn't have expected as he went over 50 and a half wins. Well it was, which I'm gonna cross that off house for you already. I'm, I I I will take that l it's literally why it's called gambling.


But it was exactly what Chris Ryan just described. It was Paul George holding down the fort through the first 20 games that Paul George Ed Maxi in the east, you know, building a little something because with McCain Yeah. Right, right. A little something. But he showed up dead and, and he was hurt within days of us doing the over under podcast. And I, he maybe he's not, I mean after last night's injury maybe he, he's he's still not, you know, restored to to full health. Yeah. I mean well can hopefully he can still podcast The, the thing I was gonna say, asking the thing I was asking you about, like the historical precedence or if you have this experience where it's been a very long time at the Sixers since a season started.


I remember the, the first car I ever had was a 91 Ford Tempo used 91 Ford Tempo and the transmission blew out on the drive home from the dealership. Yeah. And it was just like, well that is definitive. Yeah. This is a lemon. Let's take it back to the lot. Like they clearly there's gotta be some like 12 hour grace period. This wasn't like, oh I've driving it for a while and shutters a little bit when you make lefts. You know? No, there was no like warning signs. This thing died as soon as it left the season opening gate. and it kind of almost feels like a little liberating after all these years of like, kind of coming up short is like, oh there's something rotten here and maybe this, this beginning is the beginning of a new chapter.


We have to like kind of new Chapter. You just signed a b to an extension and Paul George has a four year deal. What new chapter are we looking at? No, I I like this. You go 2029 for the new chapter. What do you go gonna hibernate like a bear for Years? I was talking about me, I was talking about my post Sixers life. Oh Yeah, yeah. Maybe you'll have more, more time now to concentrate on other things than the isn't there, isn't there a pathway or it'll be fun to root for 39 wins. Isn't that gonna become the new, the taxi? Okay. We understand. We, we, we take, well there's another, there's another piece of this house. This is bad luck, let's be honest. They, they have their pick, eh, but it's top six protected.


Ah yeah. So you can't even root for like, let's just bottom out down. Honestly It would be really fun to root for McCain, Maxie and, and and and the role players. It would be fine. It would, They're too good to bottom out. Yeah. That, that, That group McCain is, is honestly worth watching the Sixers for. Even if you also have to watch guys rolling around on the ground in agony House. Do we, do we need to convene the Ewing theory committee to just, should I send them the a Philly to watch what the Sixers might look like if they have to she and bead for three weeks and all of a sudden that team is playing small ball and take it off. I don't know. It it, 'cause we had a pretty good sample size for that last season.


They only played 39 games. Yeah. And they were bad, they were bad at the games that he didn't play. How much better would you guys feel about this team? Or would we even be doing this segment if they had won like three more games? Still bad, but just a slow start. So I think the two games this week warranted this statement. 'cause it, it wasn't just that, well it's this segment. It wasn't just the Memphis game last night, which was riveting. The Miami game was unbelievable. I mean that was, think I blow the F out. Yeah. R Silla texted me. He was like, I'm not saying a hate watch pod of Sixers games would do well, but I do think it would get an audience. I think he's right. I I think you could, you could basically take the Philly special and just make it like a venting session after every six er game.


and it might, it might. and it rarely happens in basketball because it's the most naked sport, right. In football they have helmets on they, they might not show some of the sidelines in basketball. You know, when guys are unhappy, you know, when guys are mailing in a play or a sequence, you can watch the reactions on the bench, you can watch how the bench reacts. You can see the coach in the post game, you know, press conference. There's like 40 checkpoints where you're like, ah, this doesn't look right. And they're hitting all of them. I can't think of a single one they're not hitting. Other than that McCain seems super happy to be in the NBA. He's like, Hey guys, he's like a puppy running around. Hey, hey.


It's like when we got Murph and he was just running around the backyard. Like, this is great. I hope that The consequence of all this is not maxi loses that joy because that's, that's the other thing. I don't think that's gonna happen me Either. Over the last couple of seasons. I think that that's been really important for Sixers fans is to see somebody who plays with so much unbridled pleasure. You know? 'cause it sometimes doesn't feel that way for Embi. And honestly, like to me, as much as the health stuff is obviously pretty disturbing with him and the way he's talked about conserving his body for the playoffs and what it's gonna take, and you know, he's never a hundred percent and all that. He has said multiple things about basically saying like, the amount that I've given to this city, if, because of how much I've done for this team, because of the amount I've given to this city, it's ridiculous that this is like the discourse on me.


So I I'm just, I'm I this is getting kind of dark. You know what I mean? I, I don't know. I don't know what's going to happen. I don't know, even with Darrell, this would be the team that Darrell had always dreamed of. Right? It's like you've the taken The, the on paper team. Yeah. And You get the on paper like three stars Yeah. Shooting and, and and veterans who know what their role is and a really astute coach. And if that doesn't work, I don't, I don't really know what the plan is here. You know, House, they can't even trade in bead until the summer if they want it to. I don't think they do, but they're, by the way, they're Also trying to build a, a new arena. So keep that in mind with Indeed trades.


It's weird 'cause LeBron did that whole thing this week about how social media is too negative and the whole discussion and apparatus around basketball has become too negative. I, I feel like it hasn't really been that different. I think the only thing that probably has been added the last couple years of these player podcasts where the players are you, especially the ex-players, they're like pro wrestlers. You know, it's like Mick Foley talking about how the undertaker was a giant pussy. You know, not that he did that, but just like these CCRA and the NBA is kind of turning into that where guys are just lobbing, like Ahman Shumpert had a whole thing the other day about how LeBron ruined basketball when he teamed up with Wade and, and, and Bosch.


and it was like, didn't, weren't you on LeBron's team in thousand 16? Whatcha doing? But these pods are just crazy. And I, I do wonder if that's a added layer. I I actually think people compared to how this would've been received in the 1990s have been pretty reasonable about this indeed thing. With some of the stuff you said. I, we've talked about a lot on this pod. There's been so many red flags. I thought the Olympics was a red flag. The no back to back was a red flag. But cr it feels like something has shifted now with the city and Embiid where it went from like, you are our favorite son. We'll defend you and Philly's like this in a lot of ways where it's like, you're our guy, fuck everybody else.


Yes. And that's what it is. and it feels like that's been lost, which I think is significant. Yeah. I would say it's probably, I mean, to the extent that I can tell from Los Angeles, I would say that the fan base seems split 50 50 between like Joel true believers. This is, he's just hurt you guys aren't, you know, aren't being sympathetic to I'm, I'm over it. I can't, I can't take the quote. I like you can't do it anymore. I can't take the the, like, I'm not gonna let myself feel anything because he's just going to hurt his knee or get Bell's Palsy or whatever, like the litany of things that have happened to him over the course of his career. And then you go back to the origin story of his whole thing where it's just like, it's kind of a, a little bit of a miracle that he's playing, right?


Like when he was drafted, it was like, if we ever get to see him beat, he could be the best player in this draft if we ever get to see him. And we did. And he has never really, really been a hundred percent and he's also had some really bad luck with injuries, with, you know, running into faults or whatever and all, all that stuff that was like, not really like a muscle muscle damage thing. But to your point earlier about like the Patrick Ewings of the world that just go downhill really fast. Like there's just too many knee injuries now. I, you know, yeah. There's his, well Also there's, you know what else there, there's YouTube and you can go back and you can watch him six years ago, seven years ago and you can watch how he moves and watch him now and he almost doesn't look like the same guy.


And that's, that's the thing that is undeniable and that's, we have unlike 20 years ago where we didn't have the ability to just queue up whatever video we wanted. Now we can, and you can go back and you can watch him in Kansas in 2014. Even you can watch him in the Sixers even during that regular season. Yeah. When he just seemed like this fucking crazy unstoppable offensive force house. The thing that's crazy to me, is he still able to get to 30 points? Like that's how skilled and, and how well crafted Kinda shot the lights out last night. Yeah, yeah. He's from, from 15 to 18 feet. It's going in 98% of the time. And he is figured out how to do that and have enough of like going downhill lurching into people.


He can still get his points, but I think the rebounding and the defense is what's falling apart. What else have you seen? Well, what I've seen is he shouldn't be on the basketball court. Okay. Like I, I would like him to take off. I think it would be good for him, for the team, for the franchise, for him to just drop out, come back after the new year, get yourself right. Get yourself, give yourself the best chance and you can after the new year play the games at at, you know, NBA speed, getting yourself back up into it. But really all of this dialogue is November dialogue. It doesn't matter for shit unless Right. Just be ready in April. Unless that's it.


Unless it's so poisons where you might get to come April and you really, the bar is so low you just have to get to the play in it. Where does this, in the Eastern Conference cr, where does this go for you? Most disappointing Philly teams. Any sport Extra extraordinarily high. Yeah. What was that Eagles team when you had asked team all those guys Was team. Yeah, that was Dream team. Yeah, that was, that sucked. But in almost that was like pride comes before the fall. Like there was just way too much hubris about that team. Yeah. And as soon as he started, Which, which was a, like this team. Yeah, maybe you're right. I mean like the, I didn't, I thought that this team, it was really wisely assembled, you know, like it seemed like Eric Gordon and Caleb Martin Drummond was and Indeed's best backup that he's ever had.


It just seemed like this was a very, very expertly wisely assembled team. And so to have this be quite the opposite, just been The opposite. Yeah. Yeah. And not only that, but it would be one thing if they were just like physically not there to have it clearly be a culture problem within the locker room and a huge amount of distrust and a huge amount of like, forget what the Philly fans think about Embiid. This was kind of repudiation of him from within the team. So whether it was like a towel guy who told somebody who told somebody who told Shams, that article came out very soon after the meeting and it had quotes. So someone wanted to get a point across and embarrass him. and it worked Very, didn't respond very somewhere to that Celtic team, which was such a disappointing team coming off the Eastern finals, getting Hayward back year two Kyrie, it seemed like he was gonna sign and it fell off from the get go.


But it had a couple similarities. One was the, the circus around Kyrie game to game, which he's since then admitted where he is. Like, yeah, I was in a really rough spot in Boston that second year. And you could feel it, there was like an emotional rollercoaster that the players were on, the team was on. Even the fans were on watching it. Like who, what are we getting today? What version of him? You have that, but you also had people at different points of their career that were the wrong points for the team. Right. And Jalen Brown talked about that recently. He was on that team, or Tatum talked about it. He wanted to prove that, you know, he, he could do this. And it's like now you're actually gonna be standing in the corner for a lot of these plays. You're gonna be the number four guy.


So the Sixers have a little of that too. As you get older, you start seeing the signs of where it's not working. Whereas you look, I, I don't know if the Lakers are gonna be good or not, but the Wake Connect fit in just with what they needed. And I don't think that team's gonna be able to get stops, but Redick's got ad playing well and you can see like, okay, this makes sense. And you know, you watch different basketball teams like, all right Houston, these guys make sense. There's an identity. Maybe it's not perfect. And then I watch Phil and I'm like, wow, I don't, I don't know what this is. Yeah. It's also with that Lakers team, the thing that impresses me the most is just how they immediately came into the season with an identity and a sense of purpose where you could have had the last few years of LeBron's career been in like a Yeah.


A victory lap. and it could just been a showcase. And even the Brony thing in retrospect now, like has become a footnote to this season where everybody's like, this is gonna be such a huge distraction. Doesn't seem to matter. They handled it perfectly. Like Reddick obviously commands that locker room to some extent, which is incredible given the personalities, given it's the exact opposite with the Sixers. They came into the season. Well, we'll we'll see what happens when they have a couple tough games in a row. Sure. But The schedules been pretty easy. The Sixers came into the season unprepared, which, yeah, I don't know, I don't know whose responsibility that is ultimately That by Nick Bear's question, but to be fair, how could they prepare? They couldn't have Joelle and Bead and Paul George healthy didn't Were For the Eventuality that these guys weren't gonna be ready and that they should just, maybe they should maybe tell the fan base, tell the team this is what the first six weeks of the season are gonna be like.


Don't look at the record. You Know why I agree with that. It's tough though when you're, I agree. When you're caulking a championship from July on in Victory lap and the whole summer, it's tough to just pivot. That was why it was so, it was so shocking when they did the back to back stuff house. What was your most disappointing team? I mean, other than the last 35 years of Bullets Wizards teams, right? Whatcha talking about, did you have a high expectations team that I can't pick one. I mean, honestly no. Like the, you know, the Nationals, it took them a little while to, but they won the World Series in 2019 and it was a new franchise, you know, here in 2005. So, you know, like, oh, that, that, that team with Jason Wirth, that should have been the one, like, not really the ovy getting, you know, over the, the, the, the penguins getting past Crosby finally like that, that was going to be this real disappointing, you know, career.


But he got, he got his one and we'll, we'll see what, what the story is with this knee injury. He may yet get gretzky's, it's getting close goal. Yeah, yeah. He's, he is very close on there. House is the most disappointing team as the Wizards not being able to be Kelly Lennick in a Game seven. That's the one that keeps them up at date. You can't say Washington though, anything having to do with the basketball team because they haven't won 50 games since 1978. Right. There is no one most disappointing, although when you're in that kind of a streak, we had a couple really awful Red Sox teams that were super disappointing. Like there was like a Carl Everett season, there was the chicken and beer season, but you kind of, you kind of know where early when it's happening. And that would be my fear. I think you to the Red Sox the last couple of seasons.


Haven't you been like, ever since Mookie? You're basically like, yeah, But you but it, I didn't have expectations. I think in this case I was thinking about Something, know we were talking about the Sixers as a possible 60 win team and a two seat and all that stuff. I was thinking about the conversation you had with W and Van last week. I think it was, yeah, I think sometimes basketball moves on before NBA fans are ready for it to happen. And I think that the sad truth here is that it just might, this might not happen for this team or for at least for MBS version of this team. And you just look around and I feel this way often. Once the NBA finals comes around, I'll watch after the Sixers have been eliminated in the second round or the first round.


And I'll be like, this is a different sport. Yeah. Like the Sixers are not close to this. And now that he is very clearly on the downside of his career and in kind of like a physical decline, it's really hard to like look around and watch the way some of these other teams are playing and moving and be like, oh yeah, I feel like this is, this is a month long break away from the Sixers. It's not, it's not. It's like this is probably not gonna happen for this guy. And it's really sad. Well there was, there was one play yesterday when Jaron Jackson fell down with his legs out and ambi was dribbling toward him. And I was just like, this is gonna be, you talked about the car crash at the beginning. I was like, oh my God, this is gonna be something horrible is about to happen.


And ambi of course tripped over him, but he got up. But that's another piece of watching these games where there's three times a game where you feel like something horrible happened to him, or maybe that was it, or, you know, it just feels like he's carrying the weight on his world. It's, it's both not that fun to watch and incredibly riveting to watch with the expectations that this team had. Sierra, what, what December movie are you the most excited about that you've either seen or you wanna see? The December movie I'm probably most excited to see is honestly the Bob Dylan movie. Complete Unknown. I just, I just, I can't wait to see what the hell they do with this. But yeah, I'm, I'm mostly caught up at this point. Gladiator two was the one I was looking forward to the most.


Gladiator two Denzel is, it's having quite the press tour. He's loving life. 15 years. He was drinking two bottles of wine a day and, oh, I might have tried heroin. Somebody's gotta get Denzel's his own player pod. Okay. CR Am am I gonna like Gladiator two? You'll like it. Okay, good. Perfect. I do not think it, it matches the first one. Fine, fine. I can live with that. Hasn. Do you wanna Talk about Landman for a minute? Can I, can you cheer Me up? Yeah, let's, that was the other reason you came on house. Hasn't seen it, but he can just nod. I Landman Taylor Sheridan first two episodes up. Billy Bob Thornton as the lead, John Ham playing a seemingly evil rich oil guy.


Yeah. Married to Demi Moore. Even though I think she's probably like eight years older than him, whatever. She also has had one line in two episodes so far. Yeah. Even though she's in a bunch of scenes. I think the line was, are you paying me in cash? The Billy Bob Thornton's daughter for some reason is I comfortable with her body. I think it's Just like, and comfortable talking to Billy Bob Thornton about sex in ways that I promise you fathers and daughters don't discuss. There's that. And then our guy who's our guy who spoiler luck, got blown up at the end of the first episode. Pena Michael Pena.


Michael Pena, who they did the red herring of, here's the name actor, he's gonna be part of the cast. But then if you looked in the credits, it was like, they, they, what was that other show where they, where they k where they killed Kyle Chandler in the first King Kingstown mayor of Kingstown. Yeah. This is c If we ever create one of these shows, we're just killing off somebody famous in the first episode because that's that's what you do. But, but I liked it. We enter, it's very entertaining. Billy Bob Thornton's. Just chef Billy Bob. Yeah. It's basically how, if I have to pitch it, it's Billy Bob Thornton driving around West Texas from Crisis to Crisis. He's basically like the Michael Clayton of this oil company. And every time something goes wrong, he is gotta call John Ham, who's somewhere where he is like, hold on, I gotta, I gotta, I'm at Pull Match.


Yeah. Yeah. And he's like, I'm at a TCU Track meet or a Polo match. Yeah. And they have an awesome conversation where he is just like, I'm your fucking boss. Don't yell at me. And he is like, all right, well we gotta stop this leak. Yeah. And then it's great. It's just, It's a lot of John Ham, a cell phone. It looks like there's a couple people who look like they all film their scenes in one day. Possibly. John Ham's a candidate. Well, Allie Larder. Allie. So Allie Larder or Varsity Blues Whipped Cream Sunday Fame, and then Heroes Fame. And everybody loves her and she just kind of comes and goes every seven years. So now she's in, and all of her scenes are on FaceTime and I don't know, are, does she not have legs anymore? Cr what's going on Here?


It's unbelievable because it's like, did she get paid like a million dollars to stand in a pool and be on FaceTime or is it, does she have like an incredible character arc coming and this is just the setup for the character, but she has been, or She couldn't do the first two episodes because she had Preplanned Vacation. Yeah. Yeah. So can you do, can you do your scenes on FaceTime? She's like, I can, Taylor shared and breaks all the rules. That's why he makes the big bucks. Do actors have to be in the same location when they shoot scenes? No, apparently not. But what, what's the point of this show, Sierra? I think it's just supposed to be, you know, like about the, the sort of cynical world of oil production where, I mean, do you wanna know what the point of like, why would anybody like this?


Or you want me to? No, I think ultimately, like when we leave season one, what's Taylor Sheridan trying to tell us? Or is he just like oil actors, things blowing up. It's gonna be Yellow Stone, I think. Tell us about like what happens to characters when they dedicate their life to something that is very morally complicated. So like, in the same way with Yellowstone is about like, everything it costs to keep a ranch like that going. This is about like, hey, like without this stuff, the world stops running the way we want it to, but what we have to do to get it out of the ground and everything is like pretty complicated. Obviously not enough of an important theme to get house to watch an episode.


I'll tell you that much. We Find it's Where is it? Where do I find it? Paramount. Paramount. Paramount. Yeah. Oh, I have to pay for that. If it was Taylor Sheridan's massage Parlor house would've house would've already seen the first episode. How dare the massage industry? Ugh. I'm watching sports. I'm here for the, for the That's true. It's the Bob basketball season. I'm really happy for Ali Larder. I'm happy for Billy Bob Thornton who seems to have more hair every time we see him. He was completely balded 30 years ago now. Now it's like, it's like a Michael Landon type of thing on the Top. How he drinks Michelob ULTRA the entire show. Yeah, I love it. With the balls. That's fantastic. He has a scene where he, he, his hand got fucked up so he went to the doctor and, and he didn't have time to wait for surgery.


And the guy's like, we gotta get a hand specialist. And, and Billy Bob's like, I'll just cut the pinky off. Let's save the time and just cut carves his pinky off. 'cause Oh no, he's a tough motherfucker. What's his name on this show? Billy Bob. His, His name is Tommy Norris. Tommy Tommy Norris is a tough motherfucker. Yeah. I really had a good time. I loved it. My wife fell asleep like seven different times. It was great. It was, it was perfect experience. You didn't wake her up for the daughter scenes to be like, get a fucking load of this. No. I have a question I wanna ask, but I can't ask it on the pod so I'll I'll wait. You wanna ask it during the break? During, during the break, yeah. Whenever we're together. I have a question. All right, see, I'll see you tomorrow because we're taping a re watchable and it's a movie from the 1980s and that's all I'm gonna say.


But we're both very excited about it. More been circling for a while. Thanks Dr. See you Chris Ryan taking a break.


Now it's time for a special part of today's episode brought to you by NFL Sunday Ticket on YouTube tv where you can find Joe House on The Ringer Sunday pregame show that we do on Sunday mornings. It is a very fun show and it's right on there on YouTube TV house. We passed the halfway point in the season NFL Sunday ticket now only $89. Oh oh yeah. For the stretch run. This is when it matters. Yeah, get get it now. Bundle NFL Sunday ticket and YouTube TV v together. Which I would highly recommend and you can watch every game every Sunday. I wish I had known this last year, but now I love YouTube tv. It's great. You know what YouTube TV does for me? House It tapes the challenge. Oh, just puts it in my library because I always forget and then all of a sudden it's like, oh, it's a challenge and I just zoom through. It's great. Ah, it also allows you to thank yourself this holiday season. And if I'll send a ticket for $89 offer ends December 2nd. Local national games on YouTube TV NFL Sunday Ticket for outta market games. Excludes digital only games terms and embargo apply. And as you know, house YouTube TV has crowned me their CMO, they have their Chief Multiview off officer to help pick the top four games of the week that you should watch with multiview. It's the early games this week. Minnesota, Chicago has to be on there, I think. Nice little NFC North Battle Classic NFC North divisional rivalry. Lions, Colts. I wanna see Richardson. It's a home game for the Colts. Me too. The Lions are a really fun multiview team. 'cause their offense is good. That's on there. And then I think we throw both of our favorite teams in here. New England at Miami Classic and then Washington hosting Dallas. Oh, hopefully we'll get two wins. We should come parlay those together. Oh, I like that. Yes. Let, let's do that. Let's do it. So that's our multi-view choice. Thanks again to our friends at NFL Sunday taking YouTube TV for sponsor in this part of today's episode. Don't miss a moment of the action when you bundle N NFL Sunday ticket YouTube tv. Again, how much is it? House? 89 bucks. That's it. And you can sign up at youtube.com/bs and get it. Offer our ends. December 2nd. Local national games on YouTube. TV N NFL Sunday ticket for OUTTA market games. Excludes digital only games terms and embargoes apply. Device and content restrictions apply.


All right. Million dollar picks. Week 12. I'm not happy with how we did last week considering we love the Broncos and Chargers. Both those hit. We really liked the Cols and the Jets and somehow did the wrong bet. We did a bet with the cols plus three and a half with Richardson's rushing and then he had the ball a ton rushing and somehow didn't hit the 38 and a half. And then we had the chiefs in a tease Chiefs up to plus eight and chiefs plus three and a half another tease. And that game was a one score game and they didn't win. I have no regrets about putting the chiefs in a tease. No, no, you can't. I do regret listening to you on the Browns. That was a mistake. Drunk house. That was a mistake. We don't wanna talk about it. We're we're moving on. So week 12, there's three games I like and a parlay I like.


Which one do you wanna hit first? The parlay or the three games? Let's, let's save the parlay for last. Parlay is like dessert, right? Okay. It's, it's like the the the nice sundae at the end because we're taking all these nice parts and putting 'em together. All right, so Schrager and I, In Part one of the podcast talked about this. Packers, Niners game Packers are minus one and a half at home. They almost beat the Niners last year in the playoffs. And really could have Dave been a team that we all kind of like from a talent standpoint that has not really totally put it together again. But what we have always seen Parentally with the NFL, right around Thanksgiving time somebody starts making a jump and some people would think that's gonna be the Niners and I just don't see it.


I think it's been a year from hell. I didn't like the way McCaffrey looked last week at all. Kiddos banged up. Their defense isn't the same. And from a narrative standpoint house, I could see this being a game where the Packers take care of business. We officially realize it's not the Niners year and we start thinking about this Packers team as a possible, alright, maybe they'll give the Lions a good game in the playoffs game. What don't you like about that narrative theory? That the Packers don't look like a team to me that can take care of business. They are messing around, playing around, effing around with their food every week, playing with their food team every week. Yeah. And I think it is because Jordan Love is not a hundred percent healthy.


We haven't had that real Jordan Love breakout game that became the hallmark of that Packers team the second half of last season. That also coincided with Aaron Jones ripping off a bunch of honey yard. So they don't have, they have the back. It is Jacobs, but you know, they, we haven't seen sort of that that two headed monster they get vertical with with Jordan Love. 'cause he is got all the time to get to those receivers. The receivers, the core is still great. The receiving core is still great and Jacobs will get his yards sometimes in certain circumstances. But we haven't really seen the full re that. Well can I give you the game that we were, we did see it because it was a while ago.


Let's hear it. Week six, Arizona Love threw four tds. They beat Arizona 34 to 13. We chalked it up to like, ah, well it's Arizona. Yeah, Arizona's been really good since that game since then. Yeah. And now I look back to that week six and I think, ah, that was a pretty good win. 'cause then after that they play Houston, they win by two, they play at Jacksonville, they win by three. Kind of a stupid game live. They play home against Detroit, they lose by 10. But Detroit's the best team in the league, much worse than that. And then they play last week against Chicago. and it was a play your food with your food game against a team that had a new offensive coordinator.


And I thought the Bears played really well in that game, but they did get it done at the end. So I guess my theory is they're a little undervalued. I think San Francisco is still a little overvalued because I think people keep waiting for the real San Francisco to show up and I'm not sure it's there. And maybe this is the week. I think they should be favored by two and a half or three. So I feel like I'm getting like a free point or point and a half. So the crazy thing is the line was two and a half earlier this week, but I think that was a hedge because the reports of of Purdy, Purdy was doing limited practice and he is got a sore shoulder and there was a, you know, some speculation ab about whether or not he was going to play in this game. Right. The fact that it's moved down to one and a half, seems like some money's come in on the Niners that that suggests that Purdy's gonna gonna play.


And, and if that's the case, injured George kiddos put who said he's gonna try to play. Yeah. Well that makes me nervous. What do we know? What do we think about Bosa? Juwan Jennings, Bosa a little compromised. No Bosa, I mean it, it seems like it might be game time decision whether he plays or not. Right. And then in Lambo against the team that feels like they should have beaten him last year and has something to prove. I like the spot for the Packers. I, I'm in on this bet I'm gonna let you do it. We're not gonna have a disagreement. You're afraid but you're endorsing it. You're still like a little afraid of Niners. Yeah, because they have all that talent. We haven't seen McCaffrey yet and that the offense, but did I see, but that's my point is I don't think McCaffrey's healthy.


He may not be. So it's like you saying like, I don't, we haven't seen him beat yet. It's like, I don't know. We're seeing him beat for a while. Like I don't think, to me McCaffrey doesn't look like McCaffrey yet. I think that's kind of fair. I'm, I'm worried about seeing him this week. Packers minus one half. I'm marking that down. Cardinals, Seahawks, Cardinals are getting one and a half in Seattle. There's some, some weather stuff maybe with this game that makes me a little nervous with Kyler Murray in bad weather in general, the Seahawks going from seeming like their season was over last week. They get the huge drive from Gino against the Niners, which is another bad sign with the Niners that they gave up that long Gino Drive and, and now they're playing the Cardinals at home this week.


And they have a chance to really reinsert themselves in this race. We have Seattle bets from before the season. I think I might even have them to win the NFC West, which could be still live. But they win this game. I'm a Cardinals believer. I think they're good. I they really won me over the last few weeks. And the thing I like about this house is you have Seattle's defense 27th against the run in Arizona with this physical pounding running game they have with James Connor. I just feel like they can run the ball, run the ball, run the ball. And even if you're gonna like Seattle in this game, then maybe it's an Arizona first bet Seattle for the game. Like plus 800 type thing. But I think Arizona can beat 'em. I I think this, this is another narrative game to me where we come out of and go Arizona.


I think they're for real. At the same time. Seattle's ability to throw the ball and run the ball and come from behind, which they did last week scares me a little. So where do you stand? It's a 50 50 game. We talked about this on, on East Coast bias, RA, ra, Raheem Palmer and I, we we're heads up, I preferred Arizona and the dream is on Seattle. My issue with Seattle is that is the least trustworthy offensive line in football each of the times that I've tried. Yeah. To come up with a basis for Seattle, you know, taking advantage of somebody. It's, it's born out of the idea that they can establish the run and they sometimes can and sometimes can't and most of the time can't.


Part of the, the reason to prefer Seattle would be the return of DK Metcalf. And really, I mean Smith and Jig has been incredible both from a fantasy perspective, but yeah. Most importantly from a chemistry perspective with Gino. So the question for Arizona is can they put pressure on Gino because the splits are crazy with, with Gino when he has time. And that really was the thing that, that Seattle was able to take advantage of down the stretch against the Niners. No, Bosa and Gino, you know, got really comfortable with the lanes he could run in and the lanes he could see to throw the ball in. I I, it's a, I don't, I don't really have a strong feel.


I express a preference for Arizona, but I certainly could see Seattle Dream said that in his, his model, these teams are dead even so interesting. It really does feel like a 50 50 game. Well, yeah. I just wanna point out Seattle's last five of their last seven. Sure, sure. No, it came within one San Francisco stop of that being six to seven. Yep. I, I'm happy to to be wrong on this and if, if so, lose some money. But I like this Arizona team. I think they know who they are and I think they can run the ball and I think they'll be able to pressure Gino and make a couple mistakes and just think they're better. It's just the defense. It's just the defense for Arizona. That's all right. They've been on the right side of, of like variants a bunch of like games that they've won by one or two points.


21st pass defense in Seattle. Second with the past. And as you mentioned, Smith n Jbo has been, been a revelation the last few weeks. He was awesome in that last game. Awesome. Like they were going over and over again. I'm gonna mark the Cardinals down. That's fine. Raven's Chargers. My first instinct was I really liked the Chargers and the more I stared at it and the more I stared at it, I keep coming back to this question. Are the Ravens really gonna go seven and five? That's gonna be their record after, after week 12 there'd be seven and five. I don't wanna do this because we had a conversation the very beginning of the season. We were looking at teams after week one and said, here's the list of teams.


You know, we were looking for some, some, there were some giant lines out there. Yeah. And we were like, are the Ravens really gonna go? Oh and two are the Ravens gonna lose to the Raiders? Yeah. And the mother f they did, they did it. The sons of bitches. So I don't want that to be the rationale. Well, can I give you this? They have four losses they lost to Kansas City and the Isaiah likely stepped on six inches of the line game. They blew that Vegas game where they're up 10 in the fourth quarter. Blew it. Blew it. And that's the weirdest result of the year. I would put it against any other game. They dropped the game winning interception in Cleveland. The fucking guy dropped it sense. And James ends up going down and getting it, but they, he just threw them at interception.


They didn't catch it. And the Pittsburgh game was stupid. I mean I loved it 'cause I had Pittsburgh but missed multiple field goals. Yeah. Like it was just one of those games. It's what happens. It's a, it's, that's what happens. Yeah. But in those games, and then I look at the Chargers who I think are a really good team for, you know, as a home team, I get it. I had them last week. But I feel like the, the, the Ravens can just run on them and move the ball. And you think about how easily Burrow was able to just move the ball in the second half against the Chargers. Why wouldn't Baltimore be able to do that? That that's the thing to me. So I don't think the Chargers are really good team. I think they are really. Maybe it just said a really good surprise team.


They Exactly. Perfect, perfect way to put it. Because it is incredible. They tried their God damnedest to charger the F out of that game. Right. But, but hardball and then whatever's going on inside the locker room with those guys, they just did enough to not charge the outcome, outcome of that game. But I thought that what we saw in the second half when Cincinnati, the, I mean, it, it really was a game where like whoever has the ball at the end of this game is gonna win the second game. And they could not under any circumstances, slow down that Cincinnati offense. Slow down Joe Burrow. And I really think that, which one's the younger who which is is is G the coach?


I thought Jim was older. Jim's older I think and Jim is the charger coach, right? Yeah. Oh my God House. Really? No, I think John's older. That's why you're confusing me. I'm pretty sure John's older. I'm confusing you. You thought Jim Harbaugh was the maybe not the Chargers coach. That was a big John Harbaugh older brother. I think it's John. John Harbaugh's older. Good call. See there we go. Try to make fun of me 'cause I don't know which is is which Big Brother, little brother. I like it. It's a rematch of the Super Bowl. Big Brother had his way. IIII So you're saying if you coached against either of your black sheep brothers.


Oh my God. Are you kidding? It's a guaranteed win. Just back house with any money line. Not only that, but I would be looking for an opportunity to put my nuts on their forehead. Absolutely positive. Their feet know doubt people deep nuts. At some point we might have to have both of the House brothers on at some point just so people know they exist. I I can assure you they're available. Wait, would Dick House ever come on? Or would we have to put them on a seven second delay? Definitely With delay. Yes. Yes, for sure. Well, Baltimore, I I lo I love the Ravens. I mean the, you know, we can cut to the chase. Yeah. Because they have the 32nd pass defense, but what not What we saw from the Chargers last week, the receivers man, they're okay.


They're really getting, they're fine. They're eking out the most they can get out of it. But they're still some moments that are like, oh yeah, that's right. You're Josh Palmer. And, and oh yeah, that's right. You're Justin Herbert. Remember like for a quarter and a half? Yeah. Like yeah, right. I we know who you are buddy. We know all you've got the great, oh wow. I don't want to, don't wanna talk this. You make the nerds mad now don't make the nerds mad. I I actually like him. I think he's a like, terrific and, and all the reports, like he's a golf guy. Like I, I'm into Justin Herbert. I, dude, I like that shot they had before the game of him, of Harbaugh pounding his pads and just yelling at him and he was just cuddling. I'm, I like Herbert, I'm into Herbert. But he'll, he'll disappear for a quarter in a heartbeat. Let there be no doubt.


I just can't get past the Ravens going seven and five seems crazy to me. And I, I think they're gonna be able to move the ball up and down the Chargers smack didn't play last week. The Chargers defense doesn't seem as crazy good as it was five, six weeks ago to me. I agree. Alright, that's our third one. I like the race and then I really wanna work the Broncos into something. The Broncos are, that line is now up to six and a half in Vegas. Hmm. No way. No. Can't do that. That's way too many points. Well we're gonna put them in a parlay. Thank God. Whew. That's a relief. Vegas's offense. This is really something. So Amir Abdullah was trending as a roster trend in fantasy leagues this week. 'cause he has a chance to be the running.


And I was like, Amir Abdullah feels like he's been around a while. He's 31. Wow. I would've, I would've guessed like 25. So he's like almost Zeke Elliot's age. He's the gonna be the running back their quarterback situations, the debacle. They have no receivers. No it's just B Brock Bauers over and over again. Yep. Which I'm pretty sure Sean Peyton is aware of. Brock Bauers. I don't how the Raiders Denver's defense. It's first yards per place. Second sax, third hits Vegas camp Block Block. I get that. It's in Vegas. But, and then, and you also have Denver coming off a big win last week, but Big win. Yeah. I just don't see how va I think Vegas might be done. They might be a short for the rest of the year until we get to some sort of weird Christmas situation.


So Broncos with the Chiefs in Carolina, they're favored by 10 and a half. Okay. Chief's coming off a loss. Yep. Carolina's defense 32nd against the run and 31st on first Downs. Just feels like the Chiefs will move the ball and do chief stuff. So chiefs down to minus two and a half Bronco's money line. And then your team, the Washington commanders AK the C words. Yeah. Favored by 10 and half againsts cowboys. Can we, can we just have them win by three? Can we have KC win by three? Washington wins by three And the Broncos win that is plus 1 0 3 on FanDuel. And I would like to do it.


I love it. That's a, that's a dessert parlay. Three nice ingredients pulled together to make beautiful harmony in our, in our mouth, in our mouths. If it was a sun, what, what are you doing for your, for your dessert? Are you a pumpkin pie guy for Thanksgiving dessert? What are putting in your mouth for that? I love pumpkin pie, but I also really love pecan pie. Oh great. And what I like to do is, is get a slice of each and then eat both and even mix the bites. Let me, let me recommend that you add one more because this is, oh what have you had sweet potato pie. Oh, sweet potato pie is great. Yeah, I would, I would totally add that to So you going a menage a pie man?


Yeah. Forget it man. We can do this in, in in proper Thanksgiving style. That sounds great. I'm wanna give out my, all of my thanks to those beautiful pies. So sweets, potato pie, pumpkin pie and pecan pie. What? And pecan pie altogether. I wanna f-bomb that one. Call that one. The Joe House is asleep on the couch pie. 'cause that's what would happen about 14 minutes after. That's the pie. That's the full pie parlay. That's what that is. We're getting the pies ready. Everybody's getting the ingredients. Everybody's, you know, going to the store this weekend to pull it together. We'll be gonna the store this weekend with all the extra money in our pockets from that D million pies pie. Parlay baby. Yeah, that's our, we'll make that the pie. Parlay. I was thinking I watch The Sopranos every night before I go to bed 'cause my wife's asleep.


And, and so I, I finished season 4, 5, 6, 7 and then I was like, you know what, I don't, I I'm gonna stay with these guys. I circled back, started with one and I'm so Pine Barron's was on last night. Oh my God. Which, you know, was the legendary surprise. You can't really go to bed after you watched that. No, I I was so fired like six hours. Yeah. And I was like, oh, I'll watch 20 minutes. I didn't watch the whole thing. But they're in the car and Chris finds the ketchup packets and he gives him the ketchup packets and there's relish. Oh. And Pauly wall. That's, he's the funniest character of all time. I think he's funny than he comedy guy. And he's eating the ketchup and he's like, mix it with the relish, mix it with the relish, with the ketchup packets and the relish packets.


And that's what made me think of the pumpkin pie. Sweet potato pie. Pecan pie is pie is the poly walnuts. Mix it with the relish, dessert extravaganza. Mix it. Mix it with the relish. Kristy, it's outrageous. I'm gonna lose my foot. Be before we go, before we move on. You don't have any interest in this Philadelphia LA Rams game? I I 'cause folks are, you know, I seen, I've seen some, some arguments on both sides that people are really arguing ta you know, be careful. It's a be careful situation and you know, especially Jalen hurts these nuts. You, you know, you wanna, you don't wanna be in situ doesn't to me it's, to me I had it marked down as a stay away.


Okay. Okay. Because I thought the Pats absolutely could have beaten the Rams last week. Yeah. And they did some of the dumbest shit. We blitz Stafford the whole game. There was stats afterwards after selling. I did the pod that they single covered cup and nku basically all game. Yes. Which guess how that turned out terribly. Right, right. Mayo was just, couldn't have been less aggressive in the worst possible situations. And, and yet the the Pats had the ball with that chance to win the game. I just didn't think the Rams looked that good. I'm I'm, I'm with you and, and I but I don't trust the Eagles we keep waiting for its well that, that, that's it. Especially, you know, the Jalen hurts. These nuts has not been as accurate.


He is running great. Yeah. He, his, his legs look, look great. But here's the the test and why, I understand why people are advocating in favor of the Rams, the Eagles wells. They're home, they're home dogs. First of all, they're plus two and a half. And the Eagles secondary deserves the plotts that's receiving from, from the the draft are those two rookies. They've been playing very well. But this is an entirely different class of offense if this offense really gets going that the Eagles are up against. So I just wanted to make sure we talked through it. Didn't have a conviction on it. So the case is, they, they kind of went straightforward last week 'cause they knew they had the Pats game knowing this Eagles game was coming. That's it. Ve againsts.


Fangio. Yeah. This is a kitchen sink game. I, that's one of the reasons I like the Ravens. I think the Ravens, it's a kitchen sink game. Love it because great. You have seven and five, you're out of the a FC North now you might be like a six seed, you know, and you, you, you kind of need to, you need the game and the Yeah, because the six seed is gonna get either Buffalo or the Chiefs in the first round. Yeah. You want no part of that big playoffs. Lord have mercy. So, and the Rams need every game 'cause they're in a dog fight with all those nnc can't lose any more games. So I do wonder if like, that's why it's a stay away though. 'cause I could talk myself into each side. There was one other game I really liked. You're gonna make fun of me.


The pats are plus three 10 in Miami. I I'm not making fun of you. I, I think it's funny. I think the, the, that line's crazy. I understand it but man I'm not betting against Drake may give me, let me have Drake may in a touchdown. That's fine. Is it seven or seven and a half? Yeah. So I was wondering is there, is there, I I mean they're, they're so stupidly coached that I almost feel like you should take the money line and just wait Which team? The, but well both teams. But there's like a, you can get May for 200 plus yards. The Pats to win the game and Drake May two passing touchdowns is six to one.


I would wanna Drake may one passing TD 200 yards passing Pats win. The game is plus four 11, which doesn't really buy that much value from the plus three 10. I I just didn't know if there was some sort of Drake may with the Pats bet that we wanted to think about. I'll let you think about it. I'm gonna, I I know that I'll just play the side on the Pats. I'm not laying those points with the dolphins. It's crazy. You're not laying the seven. No. Do you like the seven with the Pats or do you like the plus three 10? Fuck it bet. No, no, I prefer the, the the the points. The plus seven. Yeah, I prefer the plus seven. Alright. All right. It's time. Million dollar picks. Week 12 heading in two Thanksgiving house's.


Favorite day of the year. Does anything even close to Thanksgiving for you? No, nothing rivals it. I think you, I have a lot of people in my life who love Thanksgiving including me including nephew, Kyle, you're number one. You love it the most. I've seen you be, be worried that you might have to be driven to the hospital because you ate too much. You passed out multiple times. You drink too much. You eat too much. If you, if you die from overeating over drinking, it will be on Thanksgiving. Everybody will understand since say they'll be like house died. Was it Thanksgiving? It was million dollar picks week 12. We lost $355,000 last week and it was really 'cause of the Chiefs.


'cause they didn't cover a couple teases. Yeah, I'm fine with it. Yeah it was, did you say it was the fifth time at 124 games that the chiefs have lost by more than eight points? It's fine. We were on the wrong side of of a historic event. We were still up $413,000 for the season house and we are gonna put 200 K on the following bets. The Baltimore Ravens minus three on the road against the LA Chargers. Are the Ravens gonna go seven and five? I don't think so. Can they throw all over the place of their chargers? I do think so. Is there a big brother getting revenge on his little brother house? You're a big brother. I mean it's not even getting revenge, it's just taking advantage of what's rightfully yours.


That's it, right? You were first with your little brothers. Exactly right. Yeah you were first and that's it. That's all Chargers. Great win last week. Great. Win some holes. Some things that we saw we didn't love. I just think the Ravens, they're not going seven and five, it's too ridiculous. They've already had four dumb losses. They're not gonna have five Ravens minus three. That's our first one. Cardinals plus one and a half in Seattle. Seattle A great somewhat lucky win against a banged up Niners team that last week to save their season. I think the Cardinals run the ball all over the Seahawks. I like their defense. I think they lose that game in week six to the Packers and since then I, I like the way they look House.


I think they're gonna win the division we're both in. Yeah. Cardinals coming off the bye week and if you look at the last 10 games of the Seahawk Hawks at home, they're against the spread Numbers are not very good at home. The 12th band might need to step it up a little bit. 12th band in trouble. Maybe roommates with Joel Embiid Packers at home minus one and a half against the Niners. Almost beat them last year in the playoffs. Couldn't do it. Catching a Niners team at a really nice time. I think this is a shell of the Niners team. We think it is. You're on your own on this one. You're your own with this one. I like Niners. You're not against it but you're letting me, you're letting me do a guitar solo.


That's it. I believe in the talent on this Packers team. They killed Arizona and Week six. I think they're due for another really good game. Fans are gonna be fired up. Atmospheres gonna be great. Weather won't be awesome. I like the Spot Packers minus one and a half. So put 200 K on all three of those and then we have a little parlay for you bringing the Chiefs in Carolina down to minus two and a half. Bring in your Washington C words against the carcass of the Dallas Cowboys down to two and a half at home. And then the Denver Broncos a team that did us really nicely last week that we've won some money on this year. Wonderful. That we really appreciate. Thank you Bo. Nicks making a run an offensive player of the year with your guy Jaden Daniels.


Fine. We are gonna take the Broncos money line in Vegas against a terrible Vegas team. You put those three together. Bronco's bunny line chiefs minus two and a half Washington minus two and a half plus 1 0 3. Good. 200 K on that. 200 K on that. Yes sir. Alright. It is the Pi parlay after all. And then last but not least 'cause it's Thanksgiving and house is feeling generous. He's allowing me to do a Drake may parlay 'cause I love Drake May. He's playing in Miami. Well This's a Drake May podcast. He doesn't need a player pod. This is it. Well the line's too high and this Pat's team might, might be deficient in certain areas. Maybe they might be poorly the coached, maybe they might make dumb mistakes every week.


But they almost beat the Rams last week and I think it's worth a flyer. Pats plus seven and a half. Good. Like the extra hook. That's a nice one. Drake May 200 plus passing yards. Drake May over 26.5. Rushing nerds. That's two scrambles. Yeah. Roll 'em out there. Maybe in the first half. Drake, may one. Passing touchdown. Just one. Okay. Okay. Plus 3 41. We are putting 50 K on that. 50 K Good number. That's right. Good number. It's a, it's a little sprinkling. The Drake MA's full facial. Well it's the Drake may almost like the pie parlor you talked about earlier. Pecan pie, sweet potato pie, pumpkin pie.


That's Drake May 200 plus yards over 26 and a half rushing yards. One plus passing touchdowns. Hop on the Drake MA bandwagon right now. Those are the million dollar picks for Week 12 House. Happy weekend before Thanksgiving. Great to see you and we'll see you on The Ringer Sunday pregame show on Sunday on YouTube TV and FanDuel TV before of the action. Thanks for being on. Can't wait. Thanks buddy. Alright, that's it for the podcast. Thanks to Steve Saud and Kyle Creon. As always. Thanks to Joe House and Chris Ryan. Don't forget Ringer Sunday pre-game. That show is going on on YouTube TV and FanDuel TV on Sunday. Maybe I'll even pop on for a second.


Who knows? And don't forget about a new rewatch what's coming on Monday. It is a movie from the 1980s. I'll give you some hints over the weekend on the rewatch most Twitter feed. Enjoy the weekend. I will see you on Sunday night. Must be 21 plus in President select states for Kansas and affiliation with Kansas Star.


Casino are 18 plus and President DC Gambling problem. Call 100 Gambler. Visit rg help.com. Call 1 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org/chat in Connecticut. Or visit md gambling help.org at Maryland. Hope is here. Visit gambling help line ma.org or call 803 2 7 50 50 for twenty four seven. Support Massachusetts. Or call 1 8 7 7 8 Hope ny. Or Text Hope NY in New York.