
What's happening, it's Todd McShay and I'm back with a new home and a new show at The Ringer and Spotify. The McShay Show. It's a video and audio podcast coming to you year round with all my NFL draft information, big boards, mock drafts and player movement. Plus I'll be chatting with some of my best friends in football, including some of your favorite football analysts. During the week, we'll have episodes on Tuesdays and Thursdays that'll include discussions about my player rankings, who's rising, who's falling, and who your NFL team should be keeping an eye on. Plus, we'll be reacting each week to the college football playoff polls and giving you previews and picks for each Saturday slate. In addition, I'll have episodes on Saturday nights with my immediate reaction to the full day in college football every week. So if you love the college game, the NFL, the draft or all of it like me, make sure to like, follow, subscribe, and get ready for the McShay show on The Ringer, Spotify, and wherever you watch or listen to podcasts.


This episode of The Bill. Simmons Podcast is brought to you by RayBan Meta. Smart Glasses built with meta ai. RayBan meta smart glasses react to what you see so you can learn more about the world around you. you can also take hands free photos, videos, send messages, make video calls, even play music and podcasts straight from your glasses with Ray Band Meta


This episode is brought to you by SimpliSafe while you're watching your team win or lose, get home security off of your holiday shopping list because SimpliSafe is already having a Black Friday sale. How is that possible? It's an easy way to protect your home and loved ones their active guard. Outdoor protection is one of the reasons why I love using SimpliSafe. It prevents crime before it even happens. Agents can see potential intruders in real time Talk to them. set off your spotlights and call police And. With SimpliSafe. There's no long term contracts, No cancellation fees, and it's around $1 a day This week only. you can take 60% off any new system with a select professional monitoring plan. Head to SimpliSafe dot com slash bs to claim your discount and make sure your home is safe this season. Again, that's SimpliSafe with two as SimpliSafe dot com slash bs. There's s no safe like SimpliSafe.


We're also brought to you by The Ringer Podcast Network Put up a new re watchable on Monday. We did meet the parents. You can watch on The, Ringer movies YouTube channel as well. You can watch a whole bunch of re watchable podcast on that as well. You can watch all the clips and videos from this podcast on the Bill Simmons YouTube channel. We got a two-parter today. I dunno, lot going on. Wanna talk basketball and wanna to talk about the Tyson fight and why NBA ratings are going down as interest seems to be going up. So I have big, was I Van Lathan? They're joining us for part one and then part two is gonna be a football podcast that's going up later tonight after. I wanna see what happens with that Eagles Washington game too. So part two will go up much later.


Part one's going up early. And let's bring in our friends from Pro Jet. All right, big W is here. We're taping this 1230 Thursday afternoon. Last time I saw you we were doing the League Pass rankings. Yep. And trying to figure out who we like the most, who we were the most excited to watch. What's changed for you since the season has started?


Has there been a team jump out? Has there been somebody that captured your fancy, has there been a new league pass mistress for you that you didn't expect to be cheating on with some of the other favorites? Yeah, it's, and I owe a big apology to Justin Barry. It's the Chicago Bulls. Oh, look at you. Barry thought the bowls were gonna be fun and Josh Giddy was gonna have this new role and DeMar de Roseum was gonna open things up. But like they've been way better than I could've expected. Obviously they beat the Knicks last night. Yeah. On the crazy last second foul on the three point shot. But they're just so well Coached. Kobe white's hair got fouled. I know, I, I really think that's what happened.


That is, I thought he hit his hair. I've never seen that before. That is, that is what happened. I don't think, think he actually fouled them, But you know, he air balled a shot to make it look like, yeah, he got hit pretty bad. But yeah, Kobe White, Zach Levine, who, I don't know if it's, he's found clarity in his role on the Bulls or if he's really dying to get traded. Yeah. Because he was so unhappy this off season. Like I just thought, you know, they lost their most consistent player to Rosen. Zach Levine has been sulking for like two a year and a half. Yeah. They, they're bringing in Josh Giddy ushering a kind of youth movement kind of thing. I just thought they would stink and it's been the opposite. And Vukovich has been playing some of the best ball of his career.


He's taken and making threes like the guy looks rejuvenated. They've been to me, the team that has kind of jumped off the screen like, wow, I thought you guys were gonna be horrible and you're way better. They're five and seven. Which sounds like it's bad, but that's the seed right now in these, In the Eastern conference. I'm with you. I was thinking about it last night watching that next game. Everything they seemed like they wanted to do on paper, including like pick up the pace, play with some pizazz. It, it's all happening. I think they're really, really frisky five and 17. Yeah. And Levine like I know, yeah, I get it. He was upset about whatever's got, I don't know what he's upset about.


He's certainly got an amazing contract. But You watched him last night against the Knicks and my thought was this is actually a great situation for him. Yeah. He's got guards that push the ball that are pretty giddy. Iss pretty unselfish. Right. Kobe White I don't think is like a Trey Young monopolize the ball type guy and it just seems like Levine's in a nice spot. Yeah. And what stuck out to me yesterday, they win the game on that weird Kobe, Kobe white foul get the Brunson toilet bowl in and out to win it. But you watched the way their bench was celebrating it actually seems like they liked each other. Yeah. Last year did not. No, it was man last year was toxic as hell by all indication. When you talk to people who was in and around the team at that time and I think with Vukovich and Patrick Williams who I'm still like, whoa, what were they thinking with that contract?


Yeah. He's Like one of those, what do you do? I don't know if it's the three or the D What's Your specialty? I, I dunno. Is it, I'm still trying to figure it out, but he's been a more willing shooter. Yeah. And like with Vukovich finally being a stretch four Levine is playing with like a really spaced out floor in front of him and the guy is really talented. Like yes. He's not afraid. Well this year he is not been afraid to take it to the basket and there were just some isolation plays last night in the fourth quarter where it just felt like the Knicks had no chance against Zach Levine. Which like, when's the last time you've said that? Yeah. How funny is that About Zach Levine? He looks incredible.


And then you know the Knicks Wait, hold on on Zach Levi. Sure. Because I wanna talk about the Knicks. The, I was thinking about him. Brandon Ingram. Yeah, I think Trey Young's about to be in this boat. These guys that got these big deals, Julius Randall, Julius Randall, these guys that are being paid like they're superstars. They do Put up production and yet there's not a market for them. And it's, and be it's because of the second apron. Kurt Goldsberg was talking about the My Pot on Tuesday. It's just, it's changed the dynamic of roster building of how we think about players. Where you take somebody like Brandon Ingram who was available all summer for anybody who wanted to offer anything and they couldn't trade him. Now he is scoring 23, 24 a game sine same thing.


And we're moving into this new era of these guys that it's like, well this is my price. I don't wanna pay that. I'm stuck with you. But you're still producing. Yeah. I don't remember another era like this. The only time I can think was that two thousands when guys were getting those six, seven year deals and you would just be like, oh I guess we have Alan Houston now for the entire decade. Yeah. I think that's the difference between now and 2000 and like 11 or 12, which is like when I first became a regular on league pass, it was like whoever the Bulls were, when they decided that they were gonna stink up the joint, they were going to have basically three rotation worthy guys in the starting lineup.


And everybody else was kind of gonna be like, okay, this team is headed for 17 wins. Yeah. They're playing the lottery game and whatever. Nowadays like the Bulls, we expect it to be a bottom four Eastern conference team. But because they haven't gotten rid of like they would've sold off Tuvi, they would've sold off off Levine. They would've sold everything off. But not because they kept those guys. Like they're just not a given win. There's no like given wins And even the Wizards on some nights of Frisking and I think Zach Levine, Brooklyn, Brooklyn's another one. Brooklyn Charlotte Another one. Yeah. Like there's no Toronto, There's no process. Sixers is what I always say. Like that process Sixers team where Michael Carter Williams was leading that team in scoring for an entire season.


That was insane. And we were like, he's not good. Exactly. And he like won the rookie of the year. It's like, well we, he's 20 points a game. Exactly. You know, this is a really interesting point. Can you have tanking when there's too much talent in the league? It's because I think about that with Brooklyn. I watched Brooklyn, I saw them in person on Friday. I talked about it on the pod, watched them yesterday. The Celtics played really well and beat them and they played one of their best games. But I watched Brooklyn and I'm like, I know they wanted to be terrible. It's gonna be really hard to be terrible with some of the guys in this team. Like Shruder's a above average point guard. Yeah. Cam Johnson's good. Cam Thomas is a 28 a game guy now they have shop walking. Yeah. This is not like in 2013, 14 when you could just be like, yeah, we're gonna throw a year away.


Like think about what the Lakers had during, during that, the last couple Kobe years where it was like, here's Kobe and nobody else. Yeah. I, it it's, it's so different and I don't know, I I I don't know if it's just the talent, like these dudes have just come out and played with a lot of pride. Like, just quite frankly. Do you Think it's social media? Like I, I wonder if it's just hard to suck now because if you suck With the fantasy and the, and the The Gambling gambling aspect that, that might play a part. Man, I feel like it's social media. 'cause I was thinking about this. Vince Carter got his number retired in Toronto and I was just thinking how fucking crazy that is. Yeah. That where he started because I was writing for you as Pin back then and he completely tanked on them that year to the point that I was Reading those columns.


Yeah. He tanked it on the point that the trade that they made for him is probably the worst superstar trade anyone's made. Yeah. They had to like take back Alonza morning's contract and a couple other bad contracts. They got two shitty picks. It was like a 20 cents in the dollar giveaway and it was 'cause he stopped playing for them. But we didn't have the apparatus we have now to be like, oh my God, did you see what Vince Carter did last night? Like he just didn't give a shit. I don't feel like anybody can do that now. Yeah. But I mean that I, it's it's, it's really hard to explain why none of these teams have come out and been, you know, just dog shit. And again, it's early. Like nobody's had, I trying to think of, I guess the dog shit team has probably been Philly.


Yeah, right. It has. Sorry Chris Ryan. But yeah, but They Stink but there's a reason for it. No, there's a reason for it. But they still stink. Yeah. They've Been, they've been god awful. Well think about the other day JJ DeAngelo Russell had that point in the corner and whatever he did, he got his three pointer blocked. He did some stupid step back and the camera showed JJ is so fucking mad and he sat down and he like, just like sat in his thing and he was like, like a parent mad at a kid. And even that. So now he's like, well that'll never happen again. 'cause he just saw the video of it. It became a big deal the next day. He's like, oh I can't do that anymore. Yeah. I just think there's a lot of checks and balances now for bad basketball.


Lazy basketball, lethargic basketball. People don't give a shit. People going through the motions. I don't know if you can do it anymore. And I think what's crazy too is that like the NBA because of how they handled some of this load management stuff have been, How did they handle it Poorly? They've been so effective in messaging that the regular season doesn't matter. This isn't real Basketball playoffs where things really start and people are playing hard. Yeah. That's not been the case to start the season. Like every single one of these games feels like super competitive. People are playing like the people aren't playing with super low motors. There's some teams that are like, seem to have a bit of a hangover.


I think Denver started the first four games of the season with a bit of a hangover. Minnesota's hangover has been extended. Minnesota's not just hungover. They're like lying. They're, they're like lying in bed with the shades drawn. Yeah. They still can't drive. Yeah man. They're Way over. You go get me some bad bill Still. Yeah, 100%. But for the most part man teams have come out and been playing out the gates. Like OKC feels like they got something to prove. Cleveland, Phoenix. I got something to prove Cleveland. I mean, my God, they, they've come out like gangbusters and it's made the regular season excellent for it. I'm gonna read you something. The 2013 14 Sixers leading scorer, Evan Turner.


Wow. Michael Carter Williams, your rookie of the year shooting 2 64 from three and 40% from the field. Thad Young was our number three. Spencer Hawes. Oh My God. Number five. James Anderson playing 29 minutes a game, 80 games. Who was James Anderson? I don't, I was, I was on a studio show that year and I don't remember who James Anderson was. James Anderson. He went to First Round pick from the, I remember him. Okay. Henry Sims. Tony Rotten. Yeah, Tony Rotten. That was a Tony Rotten apologist in those days. Hol Hol Thompson.


LaVoy Allen was their ninth man. But this is our point. Like yeah, You Look at the ninth man now in the this that team, the game I went to Friday, like the, like Jalen Wilson's coming in, I'm like, this guy's good. Yeah. That should play more That that Sixers team would challenge the Bobcats in Terms of Oh yeah. Of worst win. No. If they played this season in terms of worst win-loss record ever. And teams just aren't that horrible. And, and some of it, like you said is the second apron where, you know, contenders, I think in a different era, golden State would've looked at, they would've said, you know what, instead of doing the melting and buddy heel to replace clay, we're gonna pull the trigger on Zach Levine in a different era.


Yeah. But now with like all of the sound You can't do, it constraints you and the Lakers would already probably have him 100% and, and you know, maybe they keep the powder drive for Trey Young, who knows. But yeah, it, it's just a different era. Man. 2014 bucks who were 15 and 67, Brandon Knight led the team in scoring. Ramon Sessions was second. Oh God remember him, God a young Chris Middleton third, Ilia Sova, John Henson, OJ Mayo, Larry Sanders, Hey now playing 20 games. But man Larry and then Young Giannis was, that was great for young Giannis because started Playing Larry Sanders is pissed right now. KD like smokes weed openly in Yeah.


Larry Sanders. Like I tried this, why didn't it work for me? They kicked me out the league for this. Yeah. So if you think about the actual bad teams, Toronto's probably like fundamentally the worst team. But then Scotty Barnes can come back and who knows And they're competitive on, they're A lot of nights they competitive. Yeah. They can rebound, they can shoot threes. The other thing is we didn't talk about the threes. Like this is the first season. The threes are 40% of the shots that everyone takes. Yeah. That's just the variance that comes from that. You just never know. Yeah. You know, I, I, I, yeah the threes is always, it's been a sort of, you know, less talented teams. You wanna up your variance factor with the threes. Everybody's kind of known this for like seven, eight years now.


But like, But everyone's doing it Dis the discipline with which coaches are actually able to enforce it Yeah. Is different now it's just better infrastructure to make sure like, because it's one thing to say like we're gonna play with pace, we're gonna, you know what I mean, we're gonna shoot the three point shot at, we're gonna encourage as many threes as we can, but to like actually coach it and get your guys to be doing in consistency to go against their instinct to dribble, dribble, dribble shoot along too is different. You were gonna mention the Knicks. What about him? I miss last year's Knicks. I miss Hartenstein.


I miss Dante. Yeah. They were just more fun to watch last year and I know they'll figure it out. Yeah. The towns has been incredible. Yep. Run's not been as good. Yep. They're five at the end of games, which it seems like it's a little better offensively but it's definitely worse defensively. Yeah. And that's saying The rim protection is in there in the same way and there's a bunch of, now that we have a sample size, some of the advanced stats are like Huh, this isn't really the profile of a TIPS team. No. So what are you seeing? Yeah, I mean, yeah, the, the Carl Towns rim protection. We knew that was gonna be a problem coming into this season. And we just talked about this on group chat with Rob and Justin.


Mike Bridges is getting smoked on defense. He's just not been a deterrent at all. And again, OG n and no You can't, you can't mention this to the Knicks fans. Well listen, I mentioned last week, I was like, what was the point of trading five first for this guy if he's gonna shoot 13 times a game. But the other side has been interesting too. I think that, I think the scoring is gonna come. I think that he's gonna learn what spots to pick. Yeah. When to attack, when to just let it fire. Didn't think they give them the ball more and just have run through more stuff with em. I guess the towns Brunson pick and roll is so good That they can't afford to 'cause their defense is so bad. Yeah. Like if you're getting cooked, you kind of have to look at your best player and say, yo, we need points right now.


If they were stopping people then they would be a lot more patient about who gets to do what on offense. But when like you're constantly having to put out fires 'cause you just gave up, you know, 10 points in a row. Like at a certain point it is, you gotta give it to Brunson. What I'm encouraged by is that the Townsend Brunson pick and roll is clearly difficult to deal with. It's a Nightmare. They're putting defenses in a bind. 'cause Brunson, unlike a lot of these starpoint guards can beat the center on a switch. Like at this, like Halliburton's been having trouble with it this year. Brunson, as soon as you put a big man on him, he's killing that guy. And if you, god forbid you drop on freaking Carl towns, like that's, that's a nightmare.


And so I like that Dad's already started to figure itself out. Wait, can we say one thing about towns? Sure. He's Been kind of a winner of, of the season because he's been I think better offensively than anybody could have ever expected on the Knicks. And then Minnesota feels worse. Minnesota's definitely Worse. and it's like, oh we miss towns. Like I feel like this has been a win all the way around for towns and then instead of the Knicks fans being mad at towns for whatever, they can just now be mad at Bridges. Yes. So he wins. He wins, he wins it every way. Look, I think the Bridges thing is, is everybody's in a patient wait and see moment. It's been 11 games. I'm not crazy worried about it.


I I wonder if you stop playing defense for like you're just on bad teams for two years. Like I wonder if it almost, you have to get back in the hang of what it's like to be on a really good team playing. It's not just that though. It's like when guys start conceiving themselves as 20 point per game scores and all of a sudden it's like no you're back to being that role guy that you were in Phoenix. It's like, no, I was a yeah Ball in Brooklyn. I was, I was like a a wave. Can I show You YouTube clip of my game Winners? No, he gotta get back to what he was doing in Phoenix. For sure. I there's if you, if you truth serum them, I wonder what they would say about the whole Giannis piece of this.


I know you saw the, and I know you saw the graphic last night where they like showed all of the picks that the Knicks sent out to bring Brisson. A couple of them are like good Picks. Yeah. Decent. Like We didn't know that this whatever that Bucks pick, which is so complicated where New Orleans gets it if it's one through four. Right. And now Brooklyn gets it if it's everything else. But I don't, I think the bucks are a 500 or worse team. If anything happens to Giannis for it's a problem a month. It's that team's gonna be a bottom five team in the league. They're pulling these games outta their assholes. Well it's like they've won three games. Well but the one yesterday, Yeah that was a Miracle. Guy gets fouled with the second left, he just has to go one or two and the game's over and he bricks both of 'em.


Yeah. And then Giannis wins an ot. Yeah. I just, I like that they look the next thing I if, if we're gonna be rational about it, the town's thing has been a huge win. All the other stuff is explainable Robinson is gonna come back. There's probably some sort of buyout guy they can get in February to replace some of the Vincenzo. 'cause it feels like there's a lot on McBride and then the Brunson. I know he hasn't been quite as good and efficient as last year, but I also feel like it's teams have been watching this now for a couple years. It's like Jalen hurts on the Eagles where it's like, oh I know what this is. And He's learning how to play a new weight. Like this is a completely reconstructed offense like that. He hasn't been completely comfortable yet. I don't think it's the biggest deal.


I just think it's scary that like missing Mitchell Robinson and Precious Chua is this damaging to your team? Like that's a, that's a bad sign so far. But again, I think it's pretty early and right now the 20th and defensive efficiency Just stunning. Get That down to 13. But that's the, the bigger question me is, is this the right tips team? Is this a tips team the way it's currently constructed? Or is this a, maybe somebody else with the car keys would be a little more fun. I mean I think if Tibs is worth what he thinks he is, then he needs, he needs to also adjust players have coaches, He needs to Yeah, Good point. Coaches should adjust. Can I do a PSA for the other 29 teams when the Knicks have the ball with like three seconds or less and they need to score, they're gonna throw it to Jalen Brunson in the corner.


He's gonna pretend to go left and then he's gonna do a follow away jump shot. I'm just telling you that's what's gonna happen. You can pretend to to bite on the going lap, but then dive forward when he is doing the turnaround. That's his Move of space. It works Every time. I don't do these guys have tape? It's tough in the moment, bill. It's, it's, it's like Tatum. Here's what Tatum's gonna do. He's gonna dribble through his legs seven times and then when there's two seconds left, he's gonna do a step back 26 footer to the left. We know all these moves. LeBron, he has this specific spot on the court. He's gonna shoot a three from there. He is gonna make you think he's gonna the basket hot Back. The Rin step back. Yeah. Yeah. There's some guys that you just, you know what they're gonna do. And then there's other guys like Durant where I'm like, I have no idea what he's gonna do.


For sure. Is he gonna go right is gonna pull up. Is he gonna do the turnaround moves Brunson's? Yeah. He's gonna try to create space with the little shoulder face. He's Gotta be so hard to guard. 'cause I think they know what he's doing and he still get, he's, he does In, he's got a little, he's got a Luca in him in terms of the stop and start. Like he's not the fastest but he can get accelerated faster than everybody else and decelerate faster than everybody else. Yeah. It's not, it's not easy from the couch Bill. That's what they would tell tell you. Well you know what's, I think the secret hardest move is the Luca two on one when he slows down and then almost makes it like a low post move. Yeah. Where he is got momentum but he stops and the guy's like also playing the pass and then Luca's just like, I'm just gonna bounce off you like Four times against the Warriors the other Night.


I don't even know what that move is, but I, I feel like he's perfected it and I'm like, that's Reon Green. One of the best defensive players in my life and he can't even stop it. It is weird. Are you scared of the Cavs? The Cavs Man listen I know like every single smart NBA person, you guys included on the over unders had the Cavs over Kenny Atkinson winning coach of the Year. And I was like, yeah, they're gonna play better. They're gonna be way healthier this year. But like, I don't know, they kind of took off last year when they guys weren't playing. Yeah. But Kenny Atkinson has been smart about deploying the lineups, letting Mobley play center at times being the lone big.


Mm. He's gotten these guys to understand like the importance of spacing and they're like Niang for instance, this guy is completely unconscious. Like he shoots with the green light of a freaking Kevin Durant at certain points. Donovan Mitchell, God bless him, he's getting off of the ball a lot faster than he has at any other time in his career. That's always been my biggest criticism of him is that he doesn't see the floor as well as a lot of the guys that I think are a little bit better than him, but this year he's seeing it. They're believing it. I think there's something to everybody feeling like they have ownership of the offense. Which Atkinson, you know, he spend some time in Golden State with Steve Ker. We make fun of Steve Kerr a lot of times with his hippie dippy.


Like the ball finds energy shit. But Atkinson has brought it hippy dippy. That's what it feels like to me. It feels like he's on a commune when he is saying some of that stuff. But like Atkinson has brought that ethos to Cleveland and they've been way better for it than Teams. And he brought Ty Jerome because he knew Ty Jerome was good from like two years ago. Revelation. It's like when football, when the guy, like when the guy Dan Quinn went from Dallas to Washington, he took like a couple Dallas guys with them. He's like, I know this guy's pretty good. I'll grab this guy too. I'm a hundred percent in on the CVEs being real. I don't think there's any fluky shit at all. They, it totally made from the first, second, third game you could see it. And there I talked about it before but there's, there's like a charitable ness now.


Mitchell and Garland. Yeah. I don't think Mitchell cares if he doesn't have the ball in the last minute anymore. I felt like he did last year and think hell yeah. I think Garland did a little bit too. I I just feel like they've sorted out something and then, you know, they can defend, they can switch. They have a bench. I if as Celtic fan, they're on my radar because I, I thought we would have the one seed unless somebody got hurt. Now it's like this team's, I think it's gonna be tough to to, to steal the one seed from them. You start out 14 0 15 and Oh, like, just think about it logically for the rest of the way, you just have to go like 45 and you know, 18 or whatever.


It's, it's not the same pace to get to 60. Yeah. And the seltzer gonna have trouble getting to 60. And If you look at the Eastern conference standings right now, a lot of teams are gonna have trouble getting to 50. It's crazy how these things flip because you know, there was all this smoke around Donovan Mitchell for years that he was not gonna, he was not long for Cleveland. Yeah. He ends up doing his extension Shams puts out that report, that Garland's representation. Mike see Oh Yeah, I forgot about that. Yeah, If Mitchell's still on the team 'cause he feels like he's not being optimized. They bring in Kenny Atkinson and shit, man.


Everything sort of flips and everybody has this level of buy-in. It's just so crazy how things can turn on a dime in this league because Kenny calls him and he is like, I'm gonna optimize your shit And, and a Just, just bear with me buddy. They've Bought in. I got this. And they look so much better for it. And like I said before it, it did feel like a your turn, my turn situation. It did with Mitchell and Garland where I'm just like, man, these guys is have complimentary games. They both can shoot, both can drive it. They should be elevating what each other do. And this is the first time in that partnership that I actually feel like it's happening and it's been exciting to watch.


I'm good at very few things. I can spot two pays, I can make meatballs. That's Like me with BBLs. I I I could spot the year. Turn my turn. Yeah. I'm just attuned. I've been watching basketball my whole life. Thanks. You know it when you see it, you know when it's not perfect. Look At when Tatum and Brown got rid of that dynamic where they, they did now elevate what each other do where back in the days we were like, oh these guys are too duplicative. Yeah. Like we might have to move one, blah blah blah. Now these guys actually I never said that play off of each other. I always Believed that is a freaking lie. Oh I always believed to my guys.


No I think, I think you can tell the difference between your turn my turn competitive versus elevation. Yeah. And now I feel like those guys elevate each other, which is a boring topic for a podcast or a YouTube video or an NBA content segment. But it's what's happening. That team's playing super unselfish and then you watch a team like, you know, like Philly when Embi comes back and how they have to navigate, it's Gonna take Some time. How do you take care of Embi? How do you, how does Paul George make sure he is involved up? Oh wait, there's Maxie too. Oh there's Jared McCain who's having the would might be the rookie of the year if he could just get playing minutes. How do you navigate all this stuff? He's gotta beat out Eric Gordon And what happens, right?


And what happens with zombie Nick nurse? Does he ever turn back into Toronto Nick Nurse or is he just zombie Nick nurse now? I mean Nick Nurse did a great job last year. I think the Sixers definitely over, he did Overperformed the most of our expectations. Maybe the playoffs wasn't ideal. Playoffs are pretty rough. They overperformed most of our expectations and I think which we can be bullish about is The nice you were in the Nick Nurse Kool-Aid drinking camp camp. I'm just Saying last year they were good. Wasn't on wasn't on my research Last year. They were good. The, the thing is mb I know a lot of people killed him for saying I don't care about MVP, it's about the playoffs. It's about winning. Yeah, I like that. For a team that's trying to incorporate Paul George that has Maxi who's ascendant, I like the idea that he's not gonna feel the onus to dominate every possession like he traditionally has for the team, basically his entire career.


And so that's a good sign. I think they're gonna be straight, you know what I mean? When MB isnt beating dudes up in the locker room for writing bad columns and you know, well here's thing Over the guys. Ya, Belli and McCain are guys who could play in a playoff series. Oh yeah. So you know when they're operating on the fringes and trying to, you're picking out of the lottery, you're trying to grab, take flyers on dudes and usually it doesn't work out. and it seems like it. Both of those guys I feel like could be in a top seven on a good team. So, but the indeed is gonna be the big thing. Let's take a a break and then I got a couple more things for you.


Van Lathan is here. We're gonna talk about the NBA cup because sometimes a basketball 30 points could be worth more than 30 points. You get 30% profit boost on 30 plus points scores with FanDuel 30 on 30 like it The Ringer team me up with America's number one sports book to give you a 30% profit boost when you pick a Porter score more than 30 points during Friday's NBA cup action. I will give you the games and you tell me what you think. I'll give you a couple options. Brooklyn Knicks. Anybody loving that one For 30 With Camp Thomas action? No, no. Clippers Houston, James Harden going against Terror Twins. No, no, No. They're gonna lock up Phoenix O KC Booker. Devin Booker book out. Yeah. All right, great. Booker's gonna do it. We'll give it to Devin Booker. So whether you wanna ride our picks or make a mural, just look for 30 on 30 in the FanDuel sportsbook app head of FanDuel com slash bs for your chance to score a bigger payout this Friday. You can even parlay it with Mike Tyson. We're gonna talk about in a second. Don't miss your chance to find out how much 30 points could be worth for FanDuel. 30 on 30 must be 21 plus President Select states are 18 plus President DC Opt-in required bonuses does not withdraw. Bonus are BLE Profit Boost tokens restrictions apply including any token expiration of max wage or amount. See terms at sportsbook field com. Game a problem called win ahead Gamble or visit rg help com.


This episode is brought to you by Peloton. Now I know what you're thinking. Peloton doesn't look that tough. Well, lemme tell you, Peloton is way more challenging than most people think. Whether you're on the Peloton Shred or diving into their all access membership. They've got a wealth of running and strength training programs that will really push you to your limits. And these instructors, they're not messing around. We're talking military trained sub three hour marathoners and former college athletes who know how to bring out your inner beast. And with tons of options to choose from, you can gear up for race day with seasoned marathoners leading the charge plus custom strength workouts to keep you accountable and crushing those goals. Peloton is all about the details too. Wanna up your game as a runner? Well, they're pace targets let you tailor your workouts so you can truly challenge yourself every step of the way. Find your push, find your power with peloton@onepeloton.com.


This episode is brought to you by SimpliSafe. It is football season, which means the holidays are Coming up and actually SimpliSafe is already having a Black Friday sale. So if you're worried about the safety of your home and family, now is the time to get home security. I personally like to use SimpliSafe because they can stop intruders before they break into your home. That's kind of the goal. I think they take home security to the next level. their active guard outdoor protection. It's not an old school system. They only take action when somebody is already in your house. No, that's not SimpliSafe. They take action before somebody gets in your house. There's no long term contracts, No cancellation fees. It's around $1 a day and it gives me peace of mind and helps me and my family feel protected. So take advantage of this Black Friday sale this week only. Right now This week only. you can take 60% off any new system with a select professional monitoring plan. Head to SimpliSafe dot com slash bs to claim your discount and make sure your home is safe this season. Keep your home, your family, and your peace of mind protected with SimpliSafe. Again, go to SimpliSafe dot com slash bs. That is SimpliSafe with two is There's no safe like SimpliSafe.


Alright, we're back. Bain Lathan has joined us. What's up? This is the fun of having an office. When people are in there, we're just like, fuck it, let's turn the mics on and go. You Know how I feel about this? You've been, You've been preaching this forever. Yeah. You know how I feel about this. Bring people To the office and shit goes down. I'm just saying, I'm saying everybody's about to get mad. I'm glad I'm not gonna slack because it's gonna go crazy. But I think that first of all, look, it's a new time. Toxicity is best. So I'm, I feel okay saying that. I think everybody should have to come into the office at least 20 hours a week. Mm. Like three that's three days or two days to over. Yeah. Take you 20 hours. It's not better Idea. Hours, three days, however you wanna do it. You can still have your Thursday and Friday off.


But I'm just not from the era where it was offensive to act. People Show up to work, people come To work. Oh, I laugh at you. I don't care how it comes off. I laugh at you. I'm I'm not from the era where it was like I, one time back in my day I was on a movie set. I actually brought Air Mattress to the set. Oh My God. Because I wanted to be there, work then sleep there so I could be there early again. Yeah. That's the toxicity I was brought up in. Yeah, I, yeah, I honestly, I'm, I'm more in the middle of you and some of our Gen Zs who just like see like any stress related issue related to work parking as Of the world van loves live bodies to just talk.


I Just like to talk about He'll hop in conversations. Hey, how You doing? By the way, we, We just talking about Melrose's place. I have some buds Here I come by the Way, Gen Z turns out Gen Z turns out now not as well. 'cause we thought so. Well the dudes, so we Can leave it, we can stop pretending now. Everybody come to work. It's a new day. I'm bringing a, a text thread combo that Van and I were having to woz about the NBA about the phenomenon of a league that is having its games watched less, but feels like it matters more. And what's going on. And we all have theories on this. Is the NBA in better, worse, or the same shape?


I think it's a little bit worse than the peak of our recent peak of 2016 where Steph was like a global phenomenon and like him and LeBron playing that Epic seven game finals. Like I don't think we're anywhere close to that level of health in terms of the league, but they do have the most famous players in American sports. Again, the teams don't like, people don't watch games as much as they might even watch in Jacksonville. So you take, so you take Mahomes, Kelsey Lamar, and you would take 40 NB guys. Oh my PAs, it's, it's not like Lamar who I love. That's my guy. He's no, Is He as famous as Jalen Brown?


I don't Think Lamar No, no, he's not player football and basketball famous. It's like a ridiculous losing game for the football players. It's like, Yeah, they're just not like they, they're recognizable people so like they can get people to pay attention to them, whether that be for who they're dating or what clothes they're wearing, whatever. They gotta find a way to monetize that attention. But I think once you are in a space where like you create celebrities like even recently, like a Ja Morant, that's a good place to be. And they just gotta get more creative about getting people to love the game. It's interesting talking about the celebrity because I would argue that Austin Reeves is more famous in LA than Justin Herbert is. Okay. But this is what I would say.


Those players still exist in the league and they are the most famous guys, but they're, they're less consequential in the league than they used to be. Sure. So they're not, it, it, it means something at the top of your league to have, have your most famous players also be your most important players. And I would argue that Steph, LeBron kd, all of that older guard, they're not really serious. Although you could argue this year with how the Warriors are playing serious threats for the NBA throne. Oh, Don't tell the Laker fans that. So they're, they're seven and four we're, I Mean J J's got this team going. Why, why do you do this? We beat Scotty PPA Jr. Last night. You know what, you know why, why, why do you do this?


We beat Huff. You bill the vindictiveness towards the Just it's the Laker fans. Hold on, Bill. We got, and it because we're on this, because I have to talk to you about this. Carl Towns over LeBron in the top 100. I didn't do that. I had LeBron, I had LeBron 15. Okay. I thought, yeah, I had towns 25. Okay. I I had LeBron Towns over, over LeBron. My Bad. No, I had towns 25. Don't You think you're, you're, you're too influential a voice to have this specific abi a bias. I know, I know. Don't you think like you, every single shot. I just wanna see the Lakers play. Oklahoma City and some of the other good teams. They played Cleveland and lost by a hundred.


Nobody's being, the crowd Was chanting for Brody with six minutes left. Cleveland. No i's eating Cleveland right now though. Nobody in C Wait, can we go back to you're, you're talking about those three guys? Sure. This is what I said to Van on the text thread, these unicorn situations they had with six guys, bird Magic, Michael Jordan, then Kobe, then LeBron, then Curry. Sure. I don't know if we can replicate that with any under 30 American guy in that way. Even the Kobe thing, if Kobe goes to Charlotte instead of the Lakers, the problem is what happens to him. The Problem is that you're describing 40 years of the NBA basically. Like when you, when you're talking about those guys, you're basically going from 1979 all the way up.


I'm talking about our last six guys. I know that broke through in a real Way. I know, but think about the sample size of those guys. That means that every single generation, they've been able to find a guy or two like that. And if this is the first generation, why they can't, it's probably the scope of society and culture has changed and not the actual NBA. And so when you look at social media and the other things that, for example, you have Zion, you have Ja, right? Like Ja is an incredibly likable player with a incredible Fran fan friendly style 30 years ago. Him with the bl bl I'm posting it also. It's not a thing. Yeah, right.


He would post it on the bl It's not a, it's, it's different. So maybe making stars is harder now because of the scrutiny. I think it's, it's harder because of the stars and the culture around our stars themselves. Like I was asking somebody who's now a huge F1 fan about the Netflix show. I was like, do they get into anything on that show? 'cause I've never watched it. She was like, yeah. Like they'll be like, that team is cheating. This owner's a this, this person's an alcoholic, blah blah, blah. Like they've made the characters compelling as opposed to that damn NBA show on Netflix where Jason Tatum is like, I love my mom. I love Hoop and I love my son.


Yeah. These are the things we learned about Jason Tatum, who's one of the 10, 8, 7 best players in the league. Like, they don't make themselves interesting. People don't Care. They're, they're afraid to be interesting because it's, I think that's a Problem. It makes them less marketable. But I'll just bring up something and we're potting have to talk about it. If we talked about Kobe and what Kobe was able to become, if Twitter's around when Kobe has the situation that he has in Colorado, he doesn't survive it. Like it it, I mean his legacy, it, he, I'm telling you, it's, I think he survives it in LA He's, he, he might survive it in la but in terms of things like that at his as murky or whatever you wanna wanna say that they are things like that used to happen to athletes.


There used to be narratives about athletes. You talking about Room for error, for lack of a better phrase. Like things used to happen and they just wouldn't stick. Yeah. Like we are retroactively punishing Carl Malone. You know, things used to happen and they didn't stick. So making stars was that right? There was less margin for error. You could do it easier now you got a gun, you got a a, an adult star going at you for three weeks harassing you on Twitter. All of that stuff. It sticks to you in a little way and it changes people's perception. And we have to ask if all of that's like worth it. It can make you a star, but it can also take you off your perch.


I, I wonder how much of that stuff actually sticks to people like off of the internet. And I get it, more and more of our society are internet based creatures. But I do wonder how often and how long that stuff sticks. Like to me, what I'm talking about is like, Draymond goes on his podcast and he's like, yo, clay freaking ghosted. Steph, Steph was gonna say some nice words about him before the comeback game and after the lack of, or the conversation that he had with Clay with called PR and said, I'm not doing it anymore. Like you telling me you put that in that Netflix show. That kind of stuff.


Yeah. But do you think that that People won't be interested in the story of the NB? I think they would. But That but but that, but that, but being interested in the story of the NBA is starting to become, 'cause you don't have to watch the games to, and this is a Tommy Alter. I think you wanna watch that though. Nah, you don't have, you don't have to watch the games to be involved in that drama. You could follow that drama without watching. That's fair. Without watching the NBA. This Is what Derek Thompson, he came on my pod, I don't know how many months ago, and he was talking about how he's this new breed of NBA fan that loves the NBA but doesn't watch it that much, but loves everything around it and loves following it. My son's like that too. Oh my God. My son's not, my son wasn't watching, my son wasn't watching, you know, Buck's Pistons last night.


But he knows what happened with Giannis. That Giannis had 59 points. And you know, when I was a kid, I felt like anytime the NBA was on, I was like, oh my god. Yeah. The NBA's on the USA network on Monday night. I'm watching, I can see the bullets. I never get to see the bullets. Or like SportsCenter in the nineties you'd watch, you'd come home, come home from drinking out. It felt special. One 30 in the morning. It's like, oh, Craig Kilborn and Rich Eisen, they're gonna tell me what happened in the NBA. I have no idea what happened. Oh, Carl Malone had a 30 and 25 that oh my God. and it just felt spent. Now it's so available. And not just the games, but like the players, I do wonder if that's a piece of it too. Like all these guys have podcasts.


There's no mystery with any of them. And then if, if you feel like you have mystery, you have something like the Netflix show where it's like not buying this version of you. I know there's more. It's crap. You know what I mean? Is there anything, just to ask, is there anything about specifically the quality of the play that lends itself to any of this? I've heard this. I think basketball is better now. I don't, I really do. I I've been there the whole ride. I'm like amazed by the skills. I, I Watched The Warriors and Mavs that game like was awesome. Like 130 and at no point was I like, this is an interesting competitive, compelling, like, I don't know, I think it's people could Fall in love with it how it is.


I think the TV product is a problem. And I know this is like not a populous thing to say. I think they should ban League Pass or just like, make it as extremely expensive as possible. Like cost per prohibit Or just, you only get to pay for three teams. You don't get all 30 or something like that. Like I'm not, I'm not understanding what's, Make the product less success accessible, Make it look more special, Make it more scarce. You know what I mean? Because I think there's a, there's gotta be a way to make this thing feel less accessible. It's a game every single night. And like what do you really miss? If you mi if you missed the heat game last night, what did you miss? You didn't miss anything. Yeah, but sometimes, well, the schedule is too long too. It's the other piece and they're never gonna change that. But Doesn't, if you do that with League Pass, I've actually actually never heard that.


It's really interesting. But if you do that with League Pass, doesn't that put the game back in, in sort of a regional space? Because right now if Yeah, if like Charlotte will never, I wanna watch Lalo. Yeah. And Charlotte's never gonna be on National if I don't have League Pass and then that makes the game more regional. You know, Lalo is a van type of player. Oh Yeah, for sure. He puts up huge stats, fun highlights, and then the wins and losses don't matter. That's, that's Van's wheelhouse. Bill, bill full of shit. I, I like to watch players that are fun to watch. Yeah. Yeah. Fun to watch over winning is Van's mantra. This like Westbrook Thing? This is, this Is, yeah. He loves Westbrook. No, not no, no I don't. But this is, this is what I said. Bill wants to thrust this onto me. Yeah, Paul.


But because of his yoic thing, he's still holding on to That. It's Just the yo thing. What Else, what other winning player don't I like? I'm just saying gimme An example, A Winning player. I'm saying I'm brand that you love watching Lemello. I love watching Mellos. It's fun to watch. And he's unpredictable Career winning percentage, four 40. He's unpredictable And he's playing better this Year. No, he is playing better. So I, So what I'm Saying is shout out to mlo. You Get into Yeah, he's playing better. I've enjoyed watching Him. So we get into a situation where the regionality of it and the sports starts to feel like baseball a little bit. Sure. But, so I don't know. I think that's an interesting idea and I've never heard It before. Well, we didn't, but we didn't talk about, one of the things we were talking about in the text thread is if your best players in your league are all foreign, That's a problem.


What Is the history of people connecting with foreign players in America? Because like, I love Hakeem. Hakeem was amazing to see in person. He was fucking awesome. He was a badass. Like he would, there's videos and you'll see on Twitter just be like, Hakeem punches a guy. Like he was, he was like a badass. Yeah. There's multiple videos of him just like turning around, just popping Somebody. He was the Draymond of his day. He was Like amazing to watch. He was an amazing defensive player. He was the best low post player of his generation. And people are like, ah ha, keem's boring. It's like, I don't, I don't Giannis Luca mb I think Giannis is Weby now up Has been mismanaged by the league, by Nike. Like, like, Oh what, what's this case?


This is good. I just think like this whole like, oh, the poor humble immigrant who was selling, you know, yogurts in greases for a dollar pop. Like, I just think that was just mismanaged. They should have leaned into like the insane competitor, freakish, athlete, whatever guy. Like the, the way he's been packaged to America as this like cutesy immigrant story, I think was done a disservice to like his actual star pill. But, and Giannis is somebody who's actually embracing Americana in a way that Yoic and Luca just don't, they're just not interested in being American celebrities. They're just like, yo, I want to hoop win, go home, be a great teammate, move on with my life.


But Giannis is interesting in be interested in being a cultural figure. And I think that could, could have worked. I just think that they did it For, I think Giannis is pretty Compelling. But, but I think the, the, the, the freaking foreign stuff does hurt the league. If Luca was from Indiana, bro, he would be, oh this is interesting outta here. We've talked About this before. Well, I'm trying to think what would be the best Outta here Town or city for Luca to be in. If his name was like Luke, Luke Don, or either, Either Indiana Or Kentucky, Oregon. Kentucky. All of those Places, Kentucky would be Us. We white Hoopers Thrive, we need, we'd be Like, oh, do you see what Luke did last night? Yeah.


Seriously. And he would've been a phenomenon in the state of Kentucky. He would've went to uk. He would've been this Basically what I have with Drake Bank, North Carolina Superstar Drake Bank. Yeah. And or or Cooper. Flag your new obsession. All these obsessions have something in common. So look, this is the thing. This is a boxing problem. We're big boxing fans. Yeah. So boxing has insanely good stars right now. I'm talking about good in their skill. Terrence Crawford. Yeah. Alexander Usig, Tyson Fury. Even though he lost to Usig in Iua, like all of these different guys. Right. People care for reasons that really as fucked up as this is, they care for reasons other than how good you are.


Yeah. Like stories make people care. Hundred percent. Like UFCs like this too. Skills make champions. Stories make stars. Yeah. And you have to be able to relate to a story. Yeah. Now, some of these foreign guys, they have stories that are just as interesting as anyone. Really more interesting. I left war torn whatever. Like if you ever, you ever, like, Yoko's story is really interesting, Right? Francis Innu, Jesus. It's like all of that stuff. The problem is, isn't isn't it accessible to audiences, even in boxing when guys, when they don't speak English or when they can't really get over to American audiences, sometimes you have problems making stars with them. The only difference there is that for somebody like a Canelo Alvarez, his country backs him such a big to such a degree that you can still make a worldwide star.


Yeah. What I wonder about the NBA, you gonna have to, you're gonna have to have some dude from la You're gonna have to have some guy from Ohio Cooper Flagg. As much as we joke about it, Chet Holmgren, as much as we joke those guys are important to the league. It could be hundred percent. AJ could be the guy, 100. This is the percent. If AJ lands on the right team, AJ Desa, a year from now, you might be the guy. 'cause I feel like it has to be a wing. This is, WEBY has two problems. Centers have never resonated. Yeah. With people. Like we talked about that with the Nike contract. It's like nobody has ever been like, oh, I got in the, like when I was a kid in this late seventies, we weren't like, oh, I gotta get Kareem's shoe.


Yeah. Or like, oh, I gotta get Sha. Could you imagine? Yeah. Yeah. Sha Shaq a huge sha, but Shaq was definitely, but Shaq from a shoe standpoint, No, it wasn't a thing. And Also like I was there for Shaq. Shaq was pretty polarizing for the nineties. How? How do you mean? He just like, People were like, eh, like why are you making so many movies? Why aren't you in shape all the time? Why'd you leave Orlando after four years? But we're talking video game movie. Right? I get it. But people felt in the moment and they weren't right. But people felt in the moment, like, why does he care about all this other stuff? Why isn't he just trying to win titles? And I've, and then he had the MVP season and it flipped. And I've said this before. I think another thing, if we were doing the foreign players thing, right, we would be doing it like boxing with the xenophobic, nationalistic sort of spin that we do with every fight.


Like I do remember when Floyd came out to fight Oscar De La Hoya, the sombrero. Like, I'm not saying we should do that in the nba. That's though I'm saying do that in the nba. But Think about Floyd though. I'm saying, But think about Floyd though. Floyd just went total heel. Yes. Yeah. To like total heel. Yes. And, and today's NBA players aren't Comfortable. So do we need heels in the NBA? Maybe that's A piece of it. Yes. He doesn't need heels in the NB. That's Jimmy Butler. It's sitting there for him right now. But He not that good. He's 35 now. Draymond tried to do it and it just made people Mad. He, he's a's, he's a Crazy, he, he's, he's the best Hillel.


He's a good hill. He's at this point now with the W because I really like watching the words this year where any, anytime, like he had his arm flailed and almost hit this guy and Okay, see the whatever the team the other day. It's like, no, no Draymond, no. The don't ruin this. No, he's The best. Please. It's the best. But do you think Weby could be the biggest star in the week as a Emfa five French guy? I I I, I've never seen a player that the NBA fans that I know the diehard NBA fans had more invested in him being good. Hmm. Like if you there've been guys that have come into the league that it's like, Hey, I like him. Hey, I don't like him. If you talk, Jacoby is fucking brave. Because if, if you talk shit on Weby Yeah.


You get 50 different People telling You that. How dare is basketball Jesus. And there nothing to, I think if we lives up to the hype, he's a global superstar. People just love Yeah. Victor Young. They love him. I, I, I made the, I made the same mistake. 'cause I don't know if you guys remember the Adrian Report where it was like people were saying he's the best prospect of any sport ever. So I had this bid on the show where I was like, oh, he is the best prospect since Satchel Page and Ty Cobb. Like, I would come up with some old whatever every time. And like, because you know, I was like kind of, kind of a little bit doubting it at first, and my goodness man, like the p like whatever, Twitter's just what it is. But in person, people be like, I heard what you said about Weby.


You're crazy, you're wrong, blah, blah, blah. Like, you're right about the Weby investment. So like, I do think he has yeah. Major pot. I think Wendy's broken through honestly, in terms of culture. Like even when Britney Spears got beat up by his bodyguards at Summer league for trying to talk to him that one time, God damn what? No, I'm just saying you don't remember Britney Spears wanted his picture. I know, But you throwing so much gas on that. Britney Spears got beat Off. That's how she represented it on the internet. Anyway. I wasn't there. I didn't see it. But yeah, I think Wendy's definitely up there. One thing that he has, and I think Edwards has too, and I've seen this happen over the years, is when we really want it to happen for somebody is you really felt this when Jordan retired and there was that whole, it was like we were auditioning the next star.


Oh my God. It was like, would you painful, would you'd like to have Grant Hill? Maybe Kobe, how About T? This T-Mac character, T-Mac, Vince Carter, Vince, and then Kobe. I feel like starting the 2000 finals kind of grabbed it and then Vince all of a sudden that one year when he went ahead heading against Iversson, it was like, oh, could he grab it? Iversson it. Even though I think he had like his, his base, but I still feel like it would've been really hard in 2001 for him to become the guy. But the thing with Iversson Iversson is a good example. He Was like a belated after the fact. People appreciated him more. He, Iversson is a good example of what we're talking about. Right? In a time when the NBA was looking for the next, Jordan Iversson was able to carve out his own superstar aura by being completely antithetical to Michael Jordan.


Yeah. Right. He was able to be, and now what we have, I'm, I'm sorry bro. These dudes ain't got no personality bro. He said 100% true. Like, I mean, it, it, they, they are, Edwards does, Edwards has personality. Edwards is, Edwards is our big hope. He's great. But the older guys do. Steph has personality. Yeah. LeBron has personality. The way we judge people and the conversations that we have around people and the way that we excoriate them for every little, the food getting a little bland. And if you wanna be a superstar, you, you gotta be spice. There's gotta be some spice to it. Yeah. And I remember David Stern's dress code thing that everybody said was like, mega racist and blah, blah, blah, blah, blah.


Right? And you know, it was just the idea that like a lot of these guys from the streets or whatever we're called, inner city, whatever euphemism we want to use, we're less polished, less media trained. Right. Our league is now way more suburban. These kids come from way more affluent backgrounds. They're way more media trained, focus group consultant, freaking to death. And as Vance says, it is not as fun, fun. It's just not like, I love Devin Booker. I love watching him hoop. He's famous enough to date Kendall Freaking Jenner. Nobody knows anything about him. Nothing. Nobody knows a si you can't, A lot of people don't even know what this guy's voice sounds like.


But then you, The flip side of everybody's like, Hey kd, can you, can you stop being so out there? No K, keep doing. Can you get offline? Keep doing it. I like That. Keep Doing it. I Like it too. Need more of that. I think KD is interesting and I think the fact that he has embraced the fact, yes, it's nice. I like it. I like it. I Think he's one of the most authentic superstars we've had in any sport this century. 100%. Like almost to his own detriment a lot of the time. Like could you imagine Donovan Mitchell, he's another one of these guys who's like perfect, like great suburban upbringing, says the right thing. Beautifully eloquent when he speaks like he's so polished.


Could you imagine him ever saying anything as interesting as KD does on a freaking daily basis? No. And I don't think that's a good thing. Now, while we say this, once again, I wanna come back to the climate, right? Because we, we, part of this is because if you're James Harden, you like to go out to the strip club a little bit, that becomes your whole identity. You know what I mean? So, so what I'm saying, he's Earned that identity. He's Earned It. Once again, I like him all. I'm like, once again, I like them. But all I'm saying is, look, the NBA is not boring. It's so much fun to watch all these storylines are so much fun. But loosen up a little bit, have fun, play basketball, but everyone, not just the players, the fans too.


I don't need 12 Saints that never did anything wrong or never said anything wrong playing basketball. Your favorite players from back in the day, I'm sorry, these guys were intensely flawed. Yeah, the goat is a legendary asshole. Yeah. One of the other guys is a legendary whore. And one of the other guys, if you said the wrong thing to him, he'll throw your ass through a play glass window. So these are people that play basketball. The people part makes it the superstar. And so I think that turning them into robots only makes the league a little bit more. Larry Bird bar fight during the 1985 playoffs. Heard his sand. Yeah. Shooting went south. One of the reasons we lost the title, I was like, what if that happened Now?


Yeah, that would be A problem. It's like, oh yeah, Anthony Edward's gotten a bar fight and now Minnesota's outta Playoffs. And what I'm say too is like Adam, God bless him for all of his shortcomings in my opinion. Oh, I can't wait for this take. He, he Went out and got these guys. The bag is 10 years. Oh, I thought you were going another direction. No, he went out and did that. And you did a great job. Bravo Adam. Now your next freaking job is to get people to care more about what's happening on the floor in your freaking league. Like so it's not, and I get it, he was putting on N NBA Cup courts. No, it's not. Oh, there's A Green One Cup Courts. I think Adam has amazing business sense. He's smart enough to get the Emirates involved in naming rights and like he is incredible at getting the corporate partners to buy into what they're doing now.


He's gotta be better at the basketball part and getting people to care more. The number one thing to me that tells me that that's not gonna happen is the schedule, which I've talked about a million times in this podcast, the fact that it's 82 games and not 70 or 72 even like that, they don't care. They, they have too much of their product. They love The inventory, They love the inventory and it's too much. And it's way too much. It's just night after night, there's eight games, nine games, 10 games, none of them. You never know what's special, what's not special. It's Been two forever. At what point did it become that you would've thought, what was the point to where you felt like they needed to scale back Late two thousands. Okay. Yeah. I, I Didn't, I also think I talked about this Tuesday. I think that sports much harder to play and it's, it's a big reason why these guys are getting injured.


Me. I got al too hard in 2014 when everybody was, was praising Popovich for not playing. They were playing the heat too. The, it was the Spurs and he set like three of the stories. Everybody. Yeah. And everybody Ruined the Saturday game. Yes. And everybody was like the NBA media contests. It was like, pop is such a genius and blah, blah blah. And I gotta give it to our guy Amin. He was like, it's cool when the Spurs do it, but when everybody's doing it, yeah. It's not gonna be good. And our partners pay us for these games. This is how we make the bulk of our Money is the thing is they just paid them more money for the games. Yeah. Like they, they I know they po it up again, they Got blessed with the media environment where these live rights are so, so impactful.


But like, that's when I got religion on it, when everybody was like, yo, pop is a genius for this. And I'm just like, well, if teams need to load manage their stars, then that means we need less games. Like that's just the obvious Think how good the 72 would be right now with like Philly's situation where it's like, holy shit, they're two and nine in the 72 game season. Right? Like, this is, this is dangerous. Now they can't fuck around. They, you know, they could be like number 10 points, not 82. They'll be fine. They'll fi they'll finish in the top three of the east There. I've never, I've asked so many people and there's some people in the league who've really pushed for it. Like Steve Kerr is like a massive advocate for it. And he is like written letters and all this stuff. And there's no answer other than, nah, we don't wanna give up the money.


That's it. And the thing is, if there it's hundred percent money, Mind you, this is, these are the masters of the universe. This is what we're told. These are the smartest business people in the history of planet Earth. And like you get this massive increase in revenue, which your new TV deal, you would think that it's like, all right, with this windfall, we can make the product better. It might like hurt us in the, in the short run in terms of our inventory, but we're gonna find a way to make these games feel more interesting, special and better monetize the decrease in inventory. But instead they're just like, no, we gonna bash over the head with 82 from now till eternity. Well, I mean they're probably, I mean, the conversation now around the league in terms of the quality of the games, the viewership might spawn something, but there's been no reason to.


Right? Yeah. The league has been incredibly popular. Yeah. The, the NBA was like the NBA helped to normalize the Amer American society in the bubble after, like they, they should have won some kind of social award. This is dumb. I've said this to you before, bruh. I literally was driving around LA like a zombie during the pandemic. And then I heard on the radio people were like, I've heard that there are rumblings of the NBA getting everybody back together in one city and playing all the games. And I was hope, hope, hope, Hope brings a terrible, I was like, oh my God, if I could just watch some NBA blast. You Know what's crazy about that? I was thinking about that the other day.


'cause it feels like it happened 130 years ago. Yeah. and it was Four years ago. Four years. Yeah. Wow. We were putting cardboard cutouts of fans in the stands. Not only did we not have fans in the stands, we were pretending to have fans in the stands. Virtual fans like that Stallone Cobra thing behind Band Shoulder there. and it was like totally normal. That's how desperate we were for bass. It was super desperate. Let's take a break. We gotta talk. Mike Tyson.


This episode is brought to you by the all new reimagined Nissan kicks from the bold new exterior to the performance and tech features like intelligent all-wheel drive and a Bose personal plus sound system. Cars where I live, I live in the Los Angeles area and cars are one of the most important things you can have. 'cause you're in them a lot because you gotta drive around all over the place. You know what's fun? To have a nice car for an everyday commute to have music and the ability to do hands-free stuff. And just to feel safe, you can do it. Drive the all new reimagined Nissan kicks today. Head over to Nissan USA to learn more. Bose Personal plus sound system is an available feature. Bose is a registered trademark in the Bose Corporation. Intelligent all wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


This episode is brought to you by Chase Sapphire Reserve. Seeing a band or your favorite sports team in person is great, but it could be even better with the Chase Sapphire Reserve card. It can help turn every moment into an unforgettable experience with early access tickets to concerts and sporting events, and access to some of the best seats in the house. You'll also earn three times the points on travel and dining purchases. Find your next experience with Chase Sapphire Reserve. Learn more at chase.com/sapphire. Reserve cards issued by JP Morgan Chase Bank, NA member FDC, subject to credit approval terms apply.


This episode is brought to you by LinkedIn. As a small business owner, every new hire added to your team needs to make an immediate impact. Think of CJ Stroud in his rookie year, how he transformed the Texans with limited hiring resources. You don't have the luxury of getting it wrong. You need to feel confident that your candidate is going to perform when the game is on the line. With LinkedIn jobs, you can, as the world's largest professional network, LinkedIn gives you access to more than a billion professionals With the unique skills and experience you need, chances are your next standout star is one of them. A qualified candidate ready to put in the work that makes an immediate impact on your business. On LinkedIn, 86% of small businesses get a qualified candidate within 24 hours. So hire professionals like a professional on LinkedIn. Hire the right person for your role and post your job for free. Go to LinkedIn dot com slash simmons, that's LinkedIn dot com slash simmons to post your job for free terms and conditions apply.


All right. Mike Tyson against one of the Paul Brothers. Which Paul brother? Is it Jake? Hi, Jake. Paul. I was about to say Logan, it's Jake All. Bill, what are, wait, wait. All right, Billy man, Jake, Take everything personally. Jake going, we, you gonna find out Jake, I'm old. Don't take anything person. Jake Paul. What is Jake Wesley, you old enough to remember early Tyson or just the clips of early Tyson? Early Tyson? No, Tyson out. My first real memories of Mike outside of like OVHS was when He came out of the first prison stint like the Bruno and all of those guys. Oh, so he was, he was gone like that guy. Yeah. What do you remember of early Tyson?


I remember the way things used to go back in the olden days was whispers reality start. That's, that's, that's how it was with Shaq. My uncle wrote a letter from prison to my, to my dad and it was like, yo, have you heard about this boy from LSU seven foot 1, 290 pounds? Have you seen him? Yeah. Shaquille O'Neal whispers boom. And with Tyson, it was this unbelievable wrecking machine. Then you see him on HBO reality and then stardom. And so from, I guess he came out, at no point in my young life do I not remember Mike Tyson not being the baddest motherfucker around.


And when you watched him, it was obvious. You, you were watching something different. That's my memory as well. Well, although I was older, but it was Sports Illustrated cover, HBO fights. This is must watch. Yeah. Saw literally every Tyson fight. Everyone cared the most about his fights versus really anything else in sports except maybe like the Super Bowl. Wow. That's Crazy. And I don't know, the audience doesn't match up with that, but just No, no, no. They did for no, it, it was a, it was a huge thing. It was, it was boxing. 'cause remember now boxing is in an interesting place at this point. Muhammad Ali is gone in 1980, but really he's gone. And nobody liked Larry Holmes Before. Larry Holmes comes in at the lower weights sugar.


Ray Leonard is your baby, the Middleweights. And the Welterweights took over for half The decade. And then there's an unstoppable heavyweight bus saw. And that becomes, must see television. But It wasn't just the bus saw, it was the way he talked. Yeah, it was, he was how weird he was. He was black. Just the most compelling person. He was. His Interviews after the fight, he would just use crazy words and had like this weird empathy for somebody who he just sent their nose through their forehead. I'm just, I'm telling you that's, that was the biggest part of it. The biggest part of it was my, you you didn't, you never knew which Mike you were gonna get, right? No, I don't think he knew either. Right. And so, and then Mike becomes ubiquitous. He's got the, the punch out video game, punch out video game.


I Remember that. Well, the, the girl point, the base pay-per-view is what pushed it over the top. Right. And we knocked him out in 91 seconds and everybody was like, that was one of the early, Hey, who, whose house are we going to? Which is now a staple of how we watch sports. Yeah. Back then it was like, who's getting the fight? Are we all chipping in? What are we doing for food? And then my mom, I don't even think had brought down the nachos yet. I had 12 people in the basement. It's over. And we're all like, yeah, the fight's over, but the food's still coming. Right. It was just done. That was The only thing that Bother Stink was terrified. The, The only that I remember that fight specifically. Remember the deer in the headlights look at Spinks? Yeah. We had everybody over. He and, and my uncle rests. My Uncle Ray. My Uncle Ray is like speed.


Gonna make it a fight. Speed. Gonna make it a fight. He from a boxing family. Yeah. The whole nine whatever, whatever. He's gonna box him. He's gonna box him. He's gonna move my hit. Spin speed goes down to one knee and my daddy like, And then hit him with the second, the, the punch that ended. It was one of the single hardest punches in the history boxing. And he's gone. It's over's, He's moving forward like, it's like in Roadhouse just to like clear him out. And we didn't really, that was the, we didn't have very much else to do. Right. We all had to just sit around and talk about how raw Mike Tyson was. The thing with Mike was he was involved in four. I remember where I was when I watched it. Sporting events, which is like, I think he might have the record for me. 'cause it was that Spinx fight.


It was getting knocked out by by Holy Douglas. Yeah. Douglas. Which is still Holyfield The ear, Both holy field fights. The first fight was incredible that we had that at my house. We had that party. Still thought he was gonna beat Holyfield. Trust The mic. That's in my mind. And then the ear was, was also insane. It is like when he came outta prison and he had that like sort of exhibition tour where he fought the big doof white dude Peter McNeely. Yeah. Bruno in the uk, big Massachusetts moment. Peter McNeally. And like, you know, it was like this warmup to like the real big fights against Holy Field and Lennox Lewis. And like I would say, even back then, the aura still existed and everybody around me assumed he was gonna kill these guys. Yeah.


Like everybody thought No, it's Mike. Like he had the fluke. He went to prison. He's back, he's down with the Muslim Holy Field was a cruise weight who had moved up to heavyweight. He'd lost to more By that time. It was more mythology though. Yeah. Yeah. We had, we had, and they knew it because they were picking opponents very strategically for Mike. Mike beat Bruel for a championship, maybe Buster Ma. Oh no. He'd beat Bruno for a championship. They actually paid like $4 million of step aside money to Lennox Lewis at one point. So they didn't have to fight him. So at that point it was a little bit more, it Was smoke and mirrors. It was more mythology. The The fights were awesome though. They weren't the golo fight at The the Yes.


The mike that we knew was gone even before the, the, the bus of Douglass. The way he would move side to side and the combos. Like that guy, that guy Cousin died in jail. This and, and all of those other guys like leaving. But he still had, You know what was another amazing thing about his arc was living it in real time, watching somebody like fly too close to the sun. Mm. And as even the mistakes aren't even done yet. And you just kind of knew. Or like once he started dating Robin Givens, it was like, this isn't gonna go well for anybody. Something that was always resonated with people about Mike was the real fight of Mike Tyson's life was never gonna be in the ring.


Nah. 'cause when you started learning about where he came from and what he went through, you always were wondering, it still feels like Mike Tyson won because he won the biggest championship he could've won. Right. You were waiting for the, Mike Tyson has experienced intense champ intense tragedy in his life. You were waiting for the moment that it was over. And he ended up like in a, a really bad life altering, life changing situation. And he went through some of those. But him fighting was it, it was a happy ending to a degree whenever you saw him in the boxing ring because everybody sold you on just how much he had gone through. You mentioned certain things.


Mike flies into a rage. You mention other things. Mike breaks down and cries. And so of all the things that he's been through and they're not woke, they are things that he's been through. Dude, they're not, He's a case study. He, because there's an extension of grace that Mike is afforded even after the sexual assault charges and convictions that like people just have decided collectively that we're gonna extend Mike some level of grace. And I think it is some of that vulnerability that you're mentioning right now. 'cause like there's other people who would've gone through what he's gone through and would've been completely written off by every single segment of society except some of the worst elements.


But like Mike has managed to fight his way through that and be embraced. We, this is weird territory that we're treading into, but I'll say it like this. Oh boy. He's water's brutally human. Yeah. He's brutally human. Like you, you, you watch him and you're like, this is supposed to be the strongest guy in the world. Right. He knocks people out, he bowls people over their heads. But there's an interview where from with, with him and a guy from Canada where the mike's out there to do his play and the guy brings up Mike's old case and he cannot control himself. Yeah.


And you, you get the feeling of, man, I've been through that. I put that behind me. I'm trying to move on and be better. And you're throwing this back in my face. This guy is mentioning something that Mike was convicted of. He is not wrong in saying this is something for your, from your past, but you still look at him like he's an asshole. You, you're like, yo man, why you bringing that up? Yeah. But you, you know what I'm saying? You still look at him like that because there's something compelling about the amount of truth that Mike Tyson has failed into. and it, it'll always be that way. He's one of the last ones that we're just like, Yeah, I wonder if anybody else could ever have the type of redemption arc.


And you know, some people might say it's undeserved. You know, some people might say like, you know, maybe human beings deserve to make mistakes and, and live past it. But yeah, as I'm fascinated by that element of it, where like everybody in the stands that, like Mike has lived a traumatic life. Mike has mental health issues. Mike has done some really fucked up things, but yet Mike is, you know, still somebody people root for. I I think it's amazing. Honestly, there's, There's one more thing that might factor into it is that he's, I, I don't think people think this consciously, he's been punished. Mm. So he hasn't gotten away with anything per se.


There's a lot of things that he probably got away with. Right. Well, But he even said that. He said, I didn't do this, but there's some other stuff. So we're probably even Right. So he went to jail. He lost a child. He lost all of his money. Yeah. He lost, he, he lost his mentor. He lost, he, he lost his best friend. Life has taken a lot from him. Now he's gotten a lot Right. And he's been able to come back from all of that. But you've seen part of it is, and I, and you don't wanna, you don't, I'm trying to pick my words very delicately because the thing that Mike, Mike Tyson went to jail for is something that we have to root out of our, of our community, our society, and we have to make sure that we're serious about talking about stuff like that.


But there's a part of it to where it feels like, it feels like he's got a chuck out of his ass, taken out of it. 'cause of it. It feels like he's gone through some really terrible, immensely gut wrenching, horrible things. Yeah. And look, if no one ever wants to watch or look at Mike Tyson, I get it. I get why you would feel that way. But like, even my mother, who is people love Mike man. Yeah. Even my mother is just like, she still likes to see Mike Tyson doing that. You Know what I think it is? I Jalen and I interviewed him once when I was at Grant Lynn. We did a pod with him. and it was like, it was like a thrill.


It was like, really? It was so cool to just shoot the shit with him. And I might even said this to him on the pod, but I always felt like he was one of the most self-aware athletes that I ever followed. He was somebody that you would've thought was a complete disaster. And he was, but he was also completely painfully aware of all his faults, all his mistakes, all the issues he had and could talk about it. Which I, I don't, I can't even think of anybody. Iversson I think has a little bit of that too, Where think it's kind the same thing. What, what? Listen, There's an intro, intro self introspection that was always unusual about him. Even as it was like, I'm talking Robin Gibbs era all the way through. He always kind of knew, I remember writing a column about it once about he kind of became the, the Tony Montana say hello to the bad guy character.


'cause he kind of knew that was how society saw him. Yeah. He was like, eh, say hello to me. I'm the bad guy. So It's, it's Like one that was who he became. These People think that I'm an animal, But so I'm gonna act like one. So I'm gonna do it and I'm gonna sell this fight and I'm gonna intimidate this dude and I'm gonna, you know, talk about, I'm gonna fuck you Until you say crazy shit. Something. But that, that that one run. I wanna Eat your Kids. But his crazy run was the craziest No. His his mike's crazy run. Oh. Is the craziest run we've seen by any Athlete. By any athlete. The only person that comes close to was Kanye a couple years ago. Yeah. But like maybe Charlie Sheen Too. Oh, that's, those are, these are iconic crazy runs.


So in my column I created the Tyson zone. Yes. Which was when, when I remember this very well. Somebody acts so consistently crazy that you'll just believe any story. And Charlie Sheen entered that. Yes, Kanye definitely. Yes. Oh my God. You know, there's certain people where you're like, I'll believe any story now Mike's crazy run. And then there was like, not just crazy, but it was like odd, funny. Like, my back is broken spinal. Right. Like, it's like all like Mike. Yeah. I guess I'm just gonna fade into Bolivian. That's my Favorite. Yeah. That was the best one. Yeah. We went the first year of Jimmy's show, we went to goat. He was the guest host and we went to, he had like this pigeon coop in Harlem and I went with Uncle Frank.


I was like the writer. And we spent, I don't know how long on the rooftop, just watching Mike flew pigeons. And he was like so sad. Mm. And so like traumatized by, you know, his whole life. But he would could also talk about it. And he really connected with Uncle Frank and it was this, this really cool like five minute video we got out of it. But e even that, it was like, why is he even letting us up here? It was like he wanted to win people over even though he knew he was the bad guy. It for, for everybody out listening right now. I want you guys to, you gonna, this is gonna be hilarious when you think about this. Think about how Jumpy Bill was on the roof of the pitch. Oh, I, I loved it Tyson. It was amazing. It was such a cool experience.


Bill Was like, Pooky nice to meet you. Like No, the thing is, it was only him and like one other guy. Like, he, he Didn't have the entourage anymore. Like all these boxers was gone. Yeah. He hit that point. He hit that with the Douglas fight. He had two people in his corner. You Think he wins tomorrow? Phil doesn't think So. What do you think? I'm gonna look at the odds. While, you talk about this. I don't know what to think. He's 58 years old, which is just like wa was asking could he just like die if he got punched in the heart. Like how I think he's, if Okay, I think he's gonna be okay in terms of physically, I just, yeah. I I just have found it hard to believe he's gonna hit this guy enough times to win. So from A boxing standpoint, people want, people like to hate on Jake.


They do. I've seen Jake in the gym, like in the gym. He's not bad out at Phil's boxing. He's certainly not bad in terms of the guys that he fights. This isn't Screech from Saved by the Bell. Fuck no. This is a guy that actually has a right hand, like a real right hand. Like he can detonate you with a right hand. Right? Yeah. And he's a big strong athletic guy who's got a true, a fair amount of rink experience now. Right? Yeah. So he's not somebody to be fucked over and play with any version of Mike Tyson pre age 50 would work Jake Paul. But it's not pre age 50. Your, your stamina goes, your, your punch resistance goes Jake's minus 2 0 5 Unle.


So, so it, it, Jake, I could, I don't know what's going happen to be honest. That's The thing about Mike. You dunno. But that's, people Have been asking me like, is this, do you think people are gonna watch this fight? Are people gonna care? And I'm like, absolutely. People are 1000. First of all, it's on Netflix, which is the single most important Yeah. Channel we have now. Yeah. It's a Friday night. People are gonna get together. Somebody's gonna get it. It's super easy to queue up Netflix at whoever's house or whatever bar people are gonna, people are gonna care. I I actually think people are gonna care way more than I, I think people realize Yeah, I'm watching it. Like, I thought it wasn't gonna happen. I thought after it got canceled the first time that they would never come back to it.


The only thing that makes me think that you could see a Tyson victory is that Mike seems genuinely motivated. Yeah. Yeah. Like this young kid, he's just parachutes into my life's work, my sport, and thinks that he could take me out. Yeah. I understand why anybody would be motivated by that, but yeah, the man is 60. I I just can't man is 60. I can't believe. Like I was watching Mike Tyson fight in the mid eighties, followed by some like erotic thriller on HBO and it was like the greatest night. Greatest night. That's great. Oh my god. Emmanuel Queen Tyson Boots Tyson, my heart Was pumping. Yeah. Oh, the hitchhiker's on.


And now 40 years later he's still Doing it. Watch Emmanuel in space. Yeah. It's like, oh, she's in space now. See? See, everybody tries to act like it's only me. Wa knows what's up. Oh My God. What? Yeah. Wa knows what Up on, on the weekends. I never went to sleep before 2:00 AM What, what, what do you, what's your big boxing fan? What do Jake Paul real boxer. I think he's an elite celebrity boxer. Yes. He's he's Real enough. He's a greatest celebrity Boxer of all time. He's Yeah. I, to me it speaks to more the evolution of celebrity boxing, which was Yeah. In the nineties and two thousands where we would put like screech against Rich Shack. We were ready To go. I don't think he's the top 100 of actual people in his weight class in terms of, you know, especially not in the world or even in America for that, for that sense.


But like, to be that famous and to fight that credibly I think is an actual, It's impressive. Can, can I tell you guys a a a quick story from the gym? Yeah. With Jake. Oh, story from the gym. Story From the gym sponsored By State Farm sponsored By State. Farm like philosophy, boxing, Woodland Hills. Phil Paulina. Shout out to him. There was a heavyweight in the gym. Jake used to come in the gym, come in the gym with BJ and they, they would fight Jake's whole team. Jake Roll. He got a whole team that comes in with him and they, they do their whole thing and they sparr different guys. Pros. Normally they would spar people out of weight class though. So Jake at that time, he wasn't as big as he is now.


1 75, 180. Yeah. The guys he would spar would be middle sometimes, sometimes even Welter that he would spar with. And they were, they were bringing him along, but he was taking it serious. He was in there all the time. It was a heavyweight in there that was like, just hated Jake. Paul Just Hated Jake. Paul, like, just did not want it. Like, I wanna spar Jake, I wanna spar Jake, I wanna fucking fight Jake. I wanna do all of this. Start a creed fast. Hated Jake Paul. Hated Jake Paul. They got in the ring and he was like, this was the guy I've been boxing for a long time. They got in the ring and they sparred. Jake fucked this guy up. Wow. When I'm telling you this is like this, what I consider to be like a real, we haven't seen him since Jake fucked.


I pro, I'm not you guys. I know that van has a reputations of embellishing stories. This is we what I'm telling you heard him bad? Yeah. And I was like, oh. Because I did not think that was gonna go the way that it did. This was a guy that was his same size, had been boxing for a long time. There's literally pictures of him with gloves on when he's like 13, 14 years old. Mm. Jake beat the shit out of him. And I'm like, he's gonna win some fights Wise. Are you familiar with Ba? No. Who's that? Oh shit. This is Bill's guy. He's your guy too. He is, but Bill is like obsessed with Martin McColey. He's a gigantic guy from the continent.


He's from. Okay. Which part? He's Congolese. Oh, the Congo. The Continent. Continent. Okay. Can I, I'll just give you the one sentence. Cell job. Congolese Ernie Shavers meets George Foreman. 1974. George Foreman. Yeah. Wow. That's Koi. So is this like more credible than the Deontay Wilder early clips? Oh no, no, no, no. Yeah, Deontay Wild. There's nothing like, there's nothing like this guy Deontay Wilder is, I, I don't wanna take anything. Nobody Wants to fight this guy. Like he can't, he literally cannot get, can't Make a fight. Fights. Yeah. I don't wanna take anything from Wilder. Wilder is a bronze medalist. Yeah. In the Olympics who became heavyweight champion with one of the most devastating right, right. Hands of all time. But like Martin Ole is like a, like a mo There's a big young heavyweight.


Jared Anderson. Yeah. Great young fighter just got demolished. The Saudis, the Saudis threw him a ton of money. They're like, will you fight Cola? He said no. And they're like, here's a lot of money. and it was like, all right. And he got got absolutely like his career has been altered. It was one of those you ever seen. It's not quite this, It was like the Frazier foreman. I was just about to say that's what the fight was gonna bring up. Like Frazier foreman to where you ball Frazier just keeps getting falling over. Halfway Into the fight. You're like, ooh. Like halfway into the first round, you're like, ah. And wow. And Jared Anderson just doing Give Him Credit doing like one of these guys. He was landing shots. That's what he was doing. The whole fight. His fight. But it's not just that like Kobe is skilled. Yeah. No, but but it's ultimately when somebody can just, and you just see the other guy moving backwards and it's like he's getting hit by a tornado And then it became, and so now after that he can't get a fight.


Nobody, Nobody. He's my number one. I just wanna see him fight. I would watch him fight every two months they made, They just made a fight. Jump on the bandwagon. Made a fight with, but it wasn't with it's December. Yeah. It's gonna kill somebody. Yeah. He's gonna kill somebody. Alright. Mike Tyson. So we're all watching. Yep. Kyle, are you watching? Yeah. Alright. Netflix. Oh, oh. News for everyone. Kyle and I gonna to frolic. When is that? Allegedly? I don't know. Sounds great. Sounds great. What day is that? When did we say we're doing it? I said the, the weekend Saturday vibes are great but Will they have the games on? Yeah. Three TVs not the best though. You can go now that LSU season's over start gonna bars on Saturday.


I'll just, I'll just let y'all know. Y'all fuck with me with LSU I'm not, I'm not like a stable person when it comes To, it's not. So y'all, you know how everybody likes to get razzed about their team and all that stuff. Yeah. I don't that shit. LU Yeah. Yeah. But our but our season is kind of fucked. We still outside hope though. We run the table now You have Jaden Daniels, you just transfer all your love to Jaden Daniels for watching Platform. It's very true. And we got, there's a whole NIL battle happening right now. We're about to play probably 10 million for a quarterback. Right. So under, I don't like this at all. I saw Cam Ward bought his entire offensive line diamond chains. Like he had like a platter out and as a gift. How is this gonna end? Well Amazing season.


Shoulda bought him for the, he diving today. Shoulda bought him for the defense. How I, you could gimme, Maybe they played better. Maybe they played better. Yeah. If we had this a be Better podcast for another time. But if you told me what is college sports? 10 years, I'm prepared for a hundred scenarios. Yeah. You literally tell me anything you tell me. It's like a 10 college league and everyone else's D three and I believe that. Yeah. This is a, it's a strange direction. It's headed in for sure. I can't say it's great. Wow. It's great to see you. Same van, great to see you. Thanks for Coming up. Alright, That's it for the podcast. Thanks to Cockran Steve for producing. As always, thanks to Van Lathan and Big W Wny Lambay.


Stay tuned for part two. It's coming later tonight. I'll see you. There must be 21 plus in President select states for Kansas and affiliation with Kansas Star Casino. Or 18 Plus and President DC Gambling problem. Call 100 gambler. Visit rg help.com. Call 1 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org/chat in Connecticut.


Or visit md gambling help.org in Maryland. Hope is here. Visit gambling helpline ma.org or call 803 2 7 50 50 for twenty four seven. Support Massachusetts. Or call 1 8 7 7 8 Hope ny. Or text Hope NY in New York.