
Up at two part pod. This is part one. We're gonna talk some basketball, talk some football. Next


This episode of The Bill. Simmons Podcast is brought to you by RayBan Meta. Smart Glasses built with meta ai, RayBan meta smart glasses react to what you see so you can learn more about the world around you. you can also take hands free photos, videos, send messages, make video calls, even play music and podcasts straight from your glasses with Ray Band Meta.


This episode is brought to you by the all new Reimagined Nissan kicks from the bolt new exterior to the performance and tech features like intelligent all-wheel drive and a Bose personal plus sound system. Cars where I live, I live in the Los Angeles area and cars are one of the most important things you can have 'cause you're in them a lot because you gotta drive around all over the place. You know what's fun? To have a nice car for an everyday commute to have music and the ability to do hands-free stuff and just to feel safe, you can do it safe. Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan kicks today. Head over to Nissan USA to learn more. Bose Personal plus sound System is an available feature. Bose is a registered trademark in the Bose Corporation. Intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


We're also brought to by The Ringer. Podcast Network. If you missed it, we Put up a new rewatch balls on Monday. We did the Replacements. You can watch that on The Ringer movies, YouTube channel as well. You can watch all the videos and clips from this podcast on the Bill Simmons YouTube channel. This is going to be a two part podcast. We just had too much content for you today. So part one, I'm doing an NBA six pack at the top. And then our old friend, Peter Schrager is coming on to talk about all of the NFL things. We're super surprised by things. We're delighted by where we stand after 11 weeks, even some some coach stuff. So that's gonna be part one. And then part two is going to be Chris Ryan and Joe House and I talking about the Sixers and what the hell is going on there.


And then house and I are gonna do some million dollar pick. So we're gonna try to get both of these parts up as soon as we possibly can. So that's the plan. This is part one. First. Our friends from Pearl Jam. All right, we're gonna start with an NBA six pack. I haven't done this in a while. I haven't talked to NBA in over a week, which is my fault.


I'm not perfect. I have six things that I wanted to throw at you. None of them have to do with the Philadelphia 76 ERs because we're gonna be talking about them later today with Chris Ryan and Joe House. First thing, the Clippers without Paul George. So I took the under as a lock before the season are over under podcast with the Clippers. 37 and a half. I didn't see how they were gonna have enough scoring, which is James Hard and Norman Powell. I didn't understand why they didn't give Paul George four years Max like you, you're already all in with this Kauai contract. Why not just go all the way in on your team? Well what did they know? I remember mentioning this on one of the podcasts. I was like, hmm, bomber guy who just spends money like absolute fucking crazy.


And this Paul George thing was too rich for his blood. What did, what did they know? You have an athlete on your team in this case for five full years, half a decade. And your trainers see stuff your coaching staff sees stuff. Something about it made them a little wary of committing to a guy in, in his mid thirties who had had, you know, a major awful broken legs, some other knee stuff, something made them go, this time it's too rich for our blood. Which is interesting because they did this with Blake Griffin when they signed Blake Griffin to a Big Max deal and then traded him like four months later and it was like, oh my God, they traded Blake Griffin, what are they doing? And then what happened?


Blake Griffin's body broke down and then two years you watch Paul George. Now he's hyperextended the same knee twice. So you could say, ah, that's a little fluky. When he came back from the injury between those two injuries, he didn't look great. And if you're a Sixers fan staring at that max contract, I, I think you're in a complete panic. But here's why you can't like celebrate too much with the Clippers. They, they did offer Paul George three years for one 50. So it's not like they were like, we're out. We want no part of the Paul George business, they kind of wanted it at at their price. What was smart was when they had a chance to sign and trade them, which is something that teams have done a lot in the past where they was like, well we had this asset, we gotta turn in.


Now all of a sudden they're taking these contracts back. They were smart enough not to do that. They didn't do it with Gold State. Had some possible trades. Denver they supposedly talked to. So they turned the Paul George money into Derek Jones and Chris Dunn. 45 million for three years. So that's about one third what Paul George were to cost. And then Nick Platoon one year 4.9 and it looks like he might be washed but they had the ability now to slap contracts for for bigger deals, slap 'em together, whatever. And the big bet was can Norman Powell shoulders some of this burden? And he actually has. So I've been watching 'em 'cause I've been rooting against them 'cause I love being right and they're nine and seven. They've had a tough schedule. It's been like the opposite of a Laker schedule.


You know it's true. Laker fans, you know like this win streak. Like you haven't played anybody like you. You know that's true. Deep down Clippers nine and seven, they played Houston twice, they played Golden State twice, they played Phoenix twice. They played OKC, Sacramento, Orlando and Denver. There's not nothing going on here. I'll tell you one other thing. I think the arena is is really good. They played the Warriors last last Monday and I really wanted to go and we had a Spotify thing. I couldn't go and somebody who was there told me something. Somebody that's worked for the team for a while told me something that I thought was a great point. It was the first Warriors game the Clippers have had as a home game where the Warriors fans didn't drown out the Clipper fans where it actually felt like a Clippers home game and they ended up winning.


It was a classic Clippers warrior game where the Warriors played that crap. The Clippers look great, then all of a sudden the Warriors are scrapping together trying to win at the end they didn't. But whatever bomber did with that arena, which is really cool and the wall and the fans close together and trying to monitor some of the ticket stuff, it actually worked and that Warriors game. So I, I'm a little more bullish on the Clippers than I used to be. That's the first one. Speaking of the Warriors, it's a tiny one second. Second in the six pack. The De Anthony Mountain injury was a really, really secretly huge injury. There's been so many injuries this year. It kind of got lost in this in the shuffle. But he had really unlocked them.


He was really good next to Curry. He was an excellent on-ball defender, a good shooter. They were fourth in defensive rating before he got hurt and he was a great fit with with Curry and he hurt his knee and it was like ah, then they said it was a sprained ACL and then all of a sudden he is getting ACL surgery and it just hurts them. They're not the same team they've been, they've been trying to throw people in that spot and we'll see how it goes with them. But he was the perfect fit. and it kind of exposed the secret issue with Clay the last couple years where he kind of couldn't guard anybody. If you have Curry that doesn't need to be totally protected 'cause he is a really good off ball defender. But you, you want somebody else taking that burden of going against the Ja Morant types night after night Melton was doing it.


I'm just watching it. 'cause I loved how the Warriors played the last time we did the power pole. I was talking about how I had them as a sleeper, but I really thought maybe they could be a real contender and they still might be. But the Melton thing, Melton thing definitely hurts. So I didn't wanna not mention that. Third thing for the six pack Houston, they have the look, I know the look, they have the look. Third defensive rating, 11th offense, the Terror twins. I and Thompson and Tar Easton have been my, they're not the league pack, they're not like best Oscar winner, best actor. I'm not even positive they're best supporting actor, but there's something, I don't know what what Oscar, they would win.


They come in and they flip these games. They, they just have so much athleticism and so much defense between those two. They're terrifying. It's a little like what Orlando had last year. It's a little what OKC has sometimes. But they have like it's something to watch and especially if you're gambling on games and you like player props and stuff like watch when Houston goes against teams that have good swings. Like they played Indiana Math run at eight points. They put Chicago Levia had 15, they had back to backs against the Equippers. This is what really jumped out to me 'cause I actually watched those games. Harden was fucking useless against Houston between Brooks and then the terror twins like it was j he, you could kind of see him like, I'm tapping out, I I don't like this, I'm not having a good time.


Harden and Powell and back to back games were 21 for 58, 12 free throw attempts total and they only scored 60 points and Houston swept those games. And I just think defensively, there's really something here. I don't even, I said this when we did the power pull, I don't even think they know what, what their team is yet. Like that like Jabari Smith will have some games or only plays like 22 minutes only scores four points. He's a guy that if you're gonna say who is not gonna be on this team in a year, maybe that's the guy. 'cause I think he's a real asset. They were playing small ball five with him last year. He's only 9.7 million this year. He could be the focal point of a trade if they wanna make a trade. They've already said publicly they don't wanna make a trade that they're happy to have.


The kind of what Orlando had last year, what OKC had C had two years ago of we're young, we're hungry, let's see where this goes. Which I think is the right mentality. They do have a lot of picks. They do have Jabari as the centerpiece of if you're actually getting a quarterback in the trade. So I'm just watching them and I'm watching them in general 'cause I really like them. Tuesday night, Houston at Minnesota with the terror twins and Brooks going against Edwards against is against I think the league pass game of the year that is in Celtics. Cleveland because I don't think that was a League pass game. But I wanna see them go toe to toe with that Minnesota team. Houston to me is a top five team in the west. I'm taking them very seriously and, and I love the terrorist ones.


So that's my third thing. Fourth thing, just a question. Did heat culture die when they didn't get Dame? Because here's what's happened since, remember they had already drafted Hawk has, which is the last really smart heat moment we've had since then. The 2024 Knicks last year's Knicks team kind of stole their identity as like the defense chemistry overachieving team. They had a terrible year. Riley got mad at Butler. The ER trade turned out to be kind of blah. And I, I'll admit I I liked the RO trade for them. He was playing great for Charlotte. He's been kind of blah for them. He's averaging 13 points a game.


There's times out there he might be the Tobias Harris Award. Priscilla's joke about, oh I didn't realize Terry Ger was out there. He's had some moments like that. bams gone backwards. Now I'm, I assume that's gonna turn around but I'm just pointing out he doesn't look like a top 15 player in the league. Kovich who they were all excited about, blah, they're getting 24 points a game in a 49, 45, 88 shooting season from Tyler Hiro. And as we're taping this on a Thursday, they're six and seven and Boston and Cleveland seems like they're, they're miles ahead of them. But the big thing for me and a lot of people have talked about this this week and this is like the heat fans get mad every time I talk about the heat.


Did the 15th pick in the draft he drafted where the center who barely plays and they passed on back to back picks. Jared McCain goes to Philly and Connect goes to the Lakers and in the old days the heat, if McCain was on the board at 15, like forget about connect. I like connect but I, I can see it. He's 24, they already have shooter shooters who don't really play defense. Like I get it. McCain was the most Miami pick. I can't believe I couldn't believe it in the moment. If you go back to my Twitter feed, I was going nuts about McCain. I thought like I was like this guy, I know this guy's good 'cause he was an LA kid. I watched him play in high school bunch of times. He was my favorite kind of post ladder guy in the draft by far. I would've bet anything McCain was gonna be a good player and they passed on them and maybe it's nothing everybody misses on picks.


They had hero, they took bam, they took, they took hothead. Like they're clearly really good at drafting and they whiffed on this pick with two guys that really, really, really could have helped them. Big picture, I'm just not afraid of the heat anymore. I think I finally, it's like the horror movie where you're not looking under your bed, I'm just not looking under my bed anymore with the heat. Great run 2020 23 and and it's over and we'll see what they do with it. But I that McCain connecting is like symbolic of something that shifted with those guys. Fifth thing on the six pack, so the NBA Allstar game, SHA Sherania now of ESPN reported that they're gonna do a four team tournament this year and they're gonna have three Allstar teams, eight players each and then they're gonna have the winner of the rookie sophomore game.


And so it's gonna be four teams competing semi-final games up to 40 points, first team to 40 I guess wins finals games up to 25 points as usual. They didn't consult with me even though I would put my track record of of great goofy NBA ideas against anyone in in the 21st century. I just would just go look at the track record, it's there. I don't know why the rookie sophomore guys are in this and I don't know why each team has eight players. If they had asked me what do you think I would've said four all-star teams, six players each. So there's one sub. Has anybody who made this decision ever played pickup basketball who has three subs and pick up basketball?


It sucks. I remember playing in a league one year in Boston when we had like nine players on the, and it was like short games and you're just shuttling guys in and out like it was hockey and it sucked. I would've done four all-star teams. I would've done six players each had the signature players of the league be the captain of those teams. So you have staff, you have Giannis, you have, you have LeBron and maybe Yoic, I know however you wanna do it. Sorry ambi you didn't make the cut and done six players. Then each player's a sub. And by the way, if somebody gets hurt you still have five players and maybe there's like a 25th all star who's like the emergency QB who can come in at any point if two guys are hurt.


I just don't get the eight players thing and I don't understand why anybody wants to watch the rookie sophomore guys playing against these dudes. Not to mention those guys are actually gonna be really trying and maybe that's why they did it. Maybe they wanted the all stars to try against the rookie sophomores. But it's like, like that's a pretty big spot to throw a rookie team in. Especially when you have the draft that we had this year that was pretty uninspired, the sophomores, whatever. But I just, it was easy tweak. I don't know how they fucked this up as usual. They didn't ask me sixth and last. I think Milwaukee's gonna be fine. That's where I landed. I don't think they're gonna win the title.


I don't even think they're necessarily gonna make the Eastern finals but I didn't think that before the season. What, what was in play for the first three weeks was this could be an all time disaster. They're gonna have to trade Giannis. Like it just felt like all the darkest pieces of the season were sitting there. Giannis is averaging a 32, 12 and six. He's, it's yet, it's like his seventh straight year where he is looked like one of the three best players in the league at worse. Dame has not shot the ball well and they're still six and nine with three horrible losses. One that actually seemed like there should have been a criminal investigation with the officiating, but six and nine easily could be nine and six. The three of the dumbest losses of the season, green and Prince two swing guys for them both shooting 50% from three.


So Doc has just figured out like I'm probably just gonna give up defense with the swings. I just wanna make sure guys can make shots. That's why somebody like AJ Green is playing and they're not a top 14. I don't think they're there with Boston, Cleveland, New York or Orlando. But after that I don't, I don't know who I'd like more than Giannis and the Bucks, I'd probably have them fifth and all they need to do is get to the playoffs and then you have Giannis and you can try to stay healthy and maybe you can find one shooter. They're minus 700 for the playoffs on FanDuel, which I think is notable should also mention FanDuel does not have odds for Philly to make the playoffs. You literally can't find them. 'cause that's how crazy this Philly season's been. But I'm leaning toward Milwaukee's probably.


Okay. Right. They maybe they're not, not one of the favorites, but they're okay. They're, they're, this isn't gonna be like a, a catastrophe of the season. Philly is not. Okay. And we're gonna be talking about that later. So that's the six pack for the NBA. But I have to bring in Steve Saru Orlando Magic fan producer of the pod because there's some Franz Wagner a to, we have to do, I handed my ringer a hundred list over a week ago. I think I had Franz like in the low sixties. The list itself didn't do very well. And all Franz has done over the last two weeks has said, not only are we not gonna miss Paula, but I'm actually an all NBA player and, and sign me up for this list.


Is this a fluke or is this real? I think it's real. I will say my biggest gripe with Franz is that like when in the past with Paulo, like when he would go on these quarter stretches where he'd clearly be like the guy and on a streak, he, they just like wouldn't give him the ball or he wouldn't be like proactive and be like, no, I'm that dude right now. Like Paulo take a step back. And I think this, you know, you never wanna say an injury is like a blessing in disguise, but I kind of feel like Franz has found his groove again because he's just the guy now. And I'm kind of hoping like in the long term this is gonna translate to like some, a little bit like taking some of the pressure off Apollo and Franz's realizing like, hey there are stretches where I can be that dude. 'cause I mean he's ing like 37 and six play six game winning streak.


Obviously we're recording this after the loss against the Clippers last night and he didn't have a great game. But you know, it's okay. It's six straight great games. I I this is everything that we wanted a max player. This is everything that we thought he was gonna be. And I'm looking at The Ringer rankings right now. It's it's doing my guide disservice. It really is. What, where did He end up end up in The Ringer rankings in the fifties. He's 40, he's 48. Wow. Which is, he's behind Scotty Barnes, he's behind. I mean there are just some guys like he's behind Dame and he's behind Paul George. You know, I know there's the name recognition, but like you're telling me the Sixers right now not for like the next 2, 3, 4, 5 years. Yeah, like this year the Sixers would much rather have Franz than, than Paul George.


The, the Bucks would much rather have Franz than Damien Lu you right. I don't even think it's close. So like I know the name thing, like we want to give those guys respect but they, that's insane in Our defense when the first couple weeks Franz couldn't hit a three and it's like, what's going on? Where's Team Germany? Franz is that guy coming back? He's Around 35% right now. It's, it's it's, Yeah, it's Come up. It's, it's not terrible. It could be better. I still think it could be improved. But he's he's fine. Team Germany, Franz seems like he's back. It's pretty exciting. Yeah, he's got his brother. He doesn't need Dennis Schroder. He proved, you know, who knows the trade deadline's still, maybe the magic will be looking for a point guard. I kind of hope it's not him but he, he just looks so much more confident man. And it's not even that like the defense is really good.


He's like one of, I have a couple stats here, hold on. He's one of eight players averaging 25 rebounds, four assists and 4.5 steals a game. That's Luca Deer Fox, SGA Harden, Yoki Tatum and Jalen Williams. Like it's, he's on very impressive lists. So I just love this. It's like the Franz renaissance thing proving he's a max player and you know, who knows like Paolo, you know he's gonna be out probably at least another month or so. So this is the thing. It's probably gonna keep rolling. Yeah, The thing you needed was with Paolo going out, how can Orlando keep their spot as either the third or the fourth seed? How can you make sure you, you stay in the, you're gonna win the division. Although I don't even know if winning the division matters anymore, but nine and seven, losing your best guy for god knows how long is not a bad place to be.


We're taping this before the Lakers game but the pod's going up for the Lakers game. The thing with the Lakers, they don't have really anyone on their roster to guard to guard like good scoring wings like this or good point guards by the way. And they've had this stretch where they've won some games but part of the reason they're winning the games is 'cause they can play this lineup with Connect and Reeves and LeBron and Dlo altogether because they don't have to worry about guarding anyone. I wanna see if Franz can light up the Lakers tonight because I think he can't. It's the type of guy that I don't even know, you know who they'd have to guard him. So we'll see. I'm glad Franz is back. I'm glad for your sanity. You're back in on the max player bandwagon.


You're back. We flip flopped a little this summer, but you're back now. It's good to have you. Well And then the other thing is Anthony Black, the last time we talked about him about this like continues to make be making strides. So they're yeah, they're laying the foundation. They're not in the Cleveland Boston swimming pool, but they're at like the pool right next to it doing laps. No, but you know what, like I was talking to a buddy about this, the east is weird because I think before the season we were like, Hey it's Boston then it's like kind of the next like two through eight or nine where like, I don't know, could be like between like two to three games. Yeah. Could, could be the difference at the end of the season. Now it feels totally different to me now it feels like, like the magic should get a home playoff series like that, that the top four thing should be a thing this year. Right. And you have a play home playoff series that could be against Miami, that could be against Milwaukee.


Like you want the home court, you want the Yep. Court, you want the game seven. And then when did they say polos coming back? Originally? I think it was six to eight weeks. But I mean that was like a reevaluation period. So we still have another at least month ago, which, you know what, it's alright. Like just, you know, Franz is, Franz is holding it, holding it down and you know, I I'm just hoping that like there was a little bit of like, hey, you know, creeping into my mind of like, can these two guys peak coexist together? Like they're both good together, but can, and I'm just hoping like, you know, because this team is so FFR independent before he went out or before Paolo went down, like I remember talking to Raheem about this, like, this team's gonna be awful to watch. Like they, they might win some games but awful. Right.


And they've been significantly better. So the hope is that, you know, Fran sort of realizes that, hey I'm that dude too and I'm, I'm an all-star caliber player, which I've thought for a while now. So we'll see. Yeah, I was wondering if they're gonna be almost like the Steelers where they're winning 18 to 16 and getting six field goals, like whatever the NBA version of that. But yeah, they've been a little more fun than that. Alright, SRID, who's winning the college football championship by the way? Who do Add be on? Oh man, You Could pick anything You Bet on. Well don't, don't, don't dip your toe into the Indiana waters because we were talking about that in Sillas PO the other day and we like set the internet on fire 'cause everyone's mad because he doesn't think Indiana's worthy of making the playoff. Even when the loss against Ohio State. I would say I'm, I think Oregon's still kind of vulnerable.


I still kind of like Georgia even though some of their weapons are bad. I, if I had to like make a bet right now and this is just like not winning money aside, I still think Oregon's probably the pick but it's wide open man. It's, that's what's kind of cool about this whole year is that there's, you know, 3, 4, 5, 6 teams that are all kind of in that same, same area. But I, I'd go, I'd go Oregon now. I love Dylan Gabriel the quarterback is just like a dude that wins games. So Oregon's plus 45, Georgia is 24 to one on FanDuel. Yeah, The problem is Georgia's really good but their quarterback has just been awful all season long. Yeah. So if they just get average quarterback play, they're probably better than everybody else. But, Alright, well that's it. I just did college football talk on The. Bill. Simmons Podcast. There you go. We have Priscilla, we have McShane now we have way better places to do it but Sir Rudy, thank you.


We're gonna take a break and, and come back with some football.


Sometimes the basketball 30 points could be worth more than 30 points. Right now you get a 30% profit boost from The Ringer with FanDuel's 30 on 30 during Friday's NBA cup action. We're teaming up with America's number one sports book to give you a 30% profit boost when you either pick up where to score more than 30 points or bet on our new exclusive 30 on 30 special markets like any game to have both teams to score 30 plus points in the first quarter. I messed around with this last week, I had a great time. I think I hit on Anthony Edwards. I missed on two others but it was really fun to actually route 30 points is perfect. You can check during the games like oh my god, my guy's got 27 points already. So there's a couple that jumped out to me. It's tough 'cause you, you're thinking about the matchup, who's playing who but Cam Thomas against Philadelphia. That was one. I like that idea. I like the idea of curry against New Orleans. The odds won't be great but I still like it. And then the only other one I have is Sacramento versus the Clippers. Seems like a great Darren, Darren Fox spot. So let's go with those three. Whether you wanna ride with my picks or make it your own look for 30 on 30 in the FanDuel Sportsbook app. Head to FanDuel dot com slash bs for your chance to score a bigger path this Friday. Don't miss your chance to find out how much more 30 can be worth with Fanduels. 30 on 30 and You must be 21 plus. And President select states are 18 plus and President DC Optum required bonuses issued, have non profit boost tokens. Restrictions apply including token expiration and max wager amount C terms at sportsbook fan com. Game of problem call hundred Gambler. Visit rg help com.


This episode is brought to you by SimpliSafe. It is football season which means the holidays are coming up and actually SimpliSafe is already having a Black Friday sale. So if you're worried about the safety of your home and family, now is the time to get home security. I personally like to use SimpliSafe because they can stop intruders before they break into your home. That's kind of the goal. I think they take home security to the next level. their active guard outdoor protection. It's not an old school system. They only take action when somebody is already in your house. No that's not SimpliSafe. They take action before somebody gets in your house. There's no long term contracts, No cancellation fees. It's around $1 a day and it gives me peace of mind and helps me and my family feel protected. So take advantage of this Black Friday sale this week only right now you can take 60% off any new system with a select professional monitoring plan. Head to SimpliSafe dot com slash bs to claim your discount and make sure your home is safe this season. Keep your home, your family, and your peace of mind protected with SimpliSafe. Again, go to SimpliSafe dot com slash bs. That is SimpliSafe with two is there's no safe like SimpliSafe.


This episode is brought to you by PNC Bank. Unlike this podcast, some things in life should be boring like banking 'cause boring is pragmatic and responsible levelheaded wise. All the things you want your bank to be, you don't want your bank to be exciting. Exciting is for three point buzzer beaters, not banks. That's why PNC Bank strives to be boring with your money. Because when your money is doing what you need it to, you can do all the unor things you wanna do with it. PNC Bank, brilliantly boring since 1865. Brilliantly boring since 1865 is the service mark of the PNC Financial Services group. Inc. NC Bank National Association member FDIC.


All right. Our old friend Peter Schrager is here. You can watch him on Good Morning Football. You can see him on Fox. The last time I saw him we were in person doing a pod as the jets were falling apart and somehow that's still going. We're not gonna start with them though. We are heading into week 12. There's a bunch of bye weeks Thanksgiving's coming up. We're hitting that second stage of the NFL season. We know who's good, we know who's not good. We know there's gonna be one surprise team coming. We have a sense of who the seven contenders are. Biggest surprise for you after 11 weeks you can say anything thing you're most shocked by the Jets Ricks. You got the Jets. See I feel like I picked the Jets to win the AFCs, but, but I also like was fully aware of this alternate universe where everything went wrong and that's what's happening.


Alright. Right. So that the, just the fact that like I haven't bought into the hype over here. I live in New York. I grew up with all Jets fans like, and I've never been one to say, well this is the year, you know, they drafted Denzel Mims, this is the year, you know, they got Elijah Moore, this is gonna be the year. And then I, I fell for it. I I I've said earlier you felt for it hard, hard, hard bro. There's MVP Rogers videos of you on the internet's shameful. And that whoever runs that freezing takes or that old takes exposed like he has no, he has no problem posting that every single time the jets lose a game of me saying that Rogers is gonna be yeah MVP and it, I we all have those.


We've got 'em out there. It's fine. I I will say this, I felt so hard this year for the Jets 'cause I looked at the A FC and I'm like, there's an opening here. I didn't think Buffalo was gonna be what they were. I had a feeling Miami would take it down and I thought, you know, obviously New England. I was like, this is the year there's a window. The the seas are partying and the talent and the clip of us talking week one has gone viral again, has been reposted. And I still don't regret what I said. You go top to bottom on that roster. The names are outstanding and I guess I got caught up in it and it's not fantasy football and there is something called chemistry. And when you fire your coach five weeks into the season, that's not always gonna be the greatest decision.


And at the end of the day I fell for it hard and I hand up. I fucked up. I was wrong. Jet suck. And it's, it's, it's, it's a shame 'cause they're gonna start, they're gonna try to rebuild this thing. But that's, but by the way, everything you just said, we, we could probably just insert Sixers like as a voiceover. Yeah. For every piece of that. I fell for it. I I didn't chemistry, I didn't realize it was gonna go sideways. But we knew this was the wrist with the Jets. Rogers is old Rogers coming off major surgery. The son Reddick thing was weird. Sala had never had a winning season. They were trying to shoehorn this Rogers thing into the Jets. There are the Jets. Bad things happen with the Jets. I fell for it too. I picked them over Buffalo and what we, what both of us missed is what Sal nailed before this season.


Yeah. What if this is the Josh Allen year and now it looks like it's the Josh Allen year. He's your MVP through 12 weeks. Josh Allen's your MVP and you know, fantasy is so funny on these Sundays and I know it's like he is, he is looking, it's shot in fraud almost. But like his tweet is so prescient now that he did on the day the, the Monday of week one where he is basically like just having it on record right now. I think this Aaron Rogers thing is gonna be a massive failure and everyone's gonna get fired at the end of the year. The only wrong thing about it was it wasn't the end of the year. It was before even Thanksgiving and he was right. Right. So I was wrong on the jets and you know, I'll take my beating. The thing that's been a pleasant surprise and I didn't see it coming was what we got in Pittsburgh.


And I think it's a really cool story. And of course they're playing as we record this, they're playing tonight and there's always weird things that happen on short weeks, on Thursday nights and maybe division matchup. Yeah. Who knows? Goofy weather. The whole thing overall though, like if you told me that Russell Wilson was gonna take a visit with the Giants, was gonna fly commercial to Pittsburgh, was gonna sell his wares as a potential future hall of famer to these teams and say who wants me? And that the Denver Broncos were gonna pay 95% of his contract this season no matter who he went to because of what was already owed. And he would be the one leading the Pittsburgh Steelers into Thanksgiving as the one or two seed in the A FCI would've told you. You're crazy. So that those well you could could've told me I was crazy 'cause I predicted all of those things before the season.


It was one of my best ones. Where's freezing cold takes on that? Come on God, maybe they should have smoking hot takes should be an alternate account of people just crushing preseason picks. Where's that account? I met the guy LeBron's right? He social media too negative where the positive LeBron's out. Where's the positive stuff about the media? Come on, LeBron LeBron's out, LeBron's out on social media. He does this every year. 20. It's when my wife gets mad at one of her friends and I'm not talking to her again. And then six weeks later they're hanging out 28 years on social media now LeBron is out. Yeah, he's done. He's too toxic. The the guy's name was Fred Siegel, that's who does the freezing cold takes. And I got and he like reached out to me, came on good morning football. He did a book. I like, I love this guy now he's trying to murder my career and everything. and it comes out here you go.


Well I think he's an equal opportunity murderer is what is what where he's fashioned himself. I gotta say the most shocking thing for me is Buffalo. I, it's, I'm not shocked that they're, you know, gonna get to 10 wins. 'cause that was, if you were picking the jets over them, I thought there's only gonna be one a FC East playoff team. And I just thought the Jets had more stacked their way than Buffalo in this goofy year. They're having so Buffalo winning the a FFC East than the Jets stinking not that surprising to me. But Buffalo being good is surprising. Yeah. I don't really fully understand it. I don't know enough about like the mechanics of how you get a defense going. That seems pretty flimsy. And yet when you watch them, like hats on the ball, sideline locked in really well coached really seems like they're across the board locked in.


Don't really have any weaknesses. Which is crazy 'cause they've had a lot of attrition, they've had injuries and I just don't fully understand it. Like weird rookie receivers and young receivers or never did it before. Receivers a hodgepodge running game with a bunch of running backs. I just don't fully get it. They're so good. And what they, they've done is they've, like they, they've, they've found ways to win games that they used to lose. So that Chiefs game, of course they've beaten the chiefs three different times in the regular season. But like, it it, there was that window where it's like, okay, here comes Kansas City and after the third and one that they go and I, I think they handed it to Ty Johnson for a one yard loss. Yeah. Bad play. You're like, all right, fourth and two.


I remember last year in the playoffs they trotted out the punt team and they ran a fake punt with DeMar Hamlin on fourth down. Yeah. And, and that one was justifiable in that they couldn't stop Kansas City. Kansas City was going up and down the field. I think Mahome scored in five of six possessions. Like, all right, we did fine. McDermott took a beating, he became a punching bag. Everyone made their jokes. They had the courage to say, you know what, screw it. We're going for it again. And if we fail and come up short and we lose, like we'll deal with it. Well wait a second on Monday morning. Wait, you think that was courage though? Because sometimes I'm like, why are they doing this? But usually I'm saying, why are they doing this when your quarterback's like Jamis Winston, right? Or you're, or you have like a rookie quarterback, you're like, why are they doing this? They're not good.


They're up to, they're up to, Hey shit, I like, I like, I thought Romo Romo sniffed it out. He is like, give the ball to Josh, let him decide the game. I was like, I actually agree. Let him decide the game. And of course it works out. And Josh is Superman and that's an ama, it's one of the all time, like if that rivalry, that's a play that like goes on the list. If they'd kicked the field goal and they'd gone up five, it reminds me a little bit of Lalo against the Buccaneers and that a FFC championship n FFC championship game a few years back. Yeah. Where it's like we just gotta stop 'em once and we get the ball back. They didn't wanna do that. And that, that's with scar tissue from the year before of not wanting to do that and getting burned on it with that fake punt. So McDermott, but you, but you know what that was, it was a risky non-risk because they had like a five game lead in the AFC East.


It's like, like you lose that game and it's like, alright, so may maybe we're gonna be a three seed instead of a two seed. Like, but they, it really wasn't, it wasn't a massive risk. Like if the Ravens did something like that this week when they're seven and four, you know, and, and it's a mu in game against the Chargers a little more, a little higher stakes on that one than I think Buffalo. Yeah. I I also think it was a gift for, for us in our world as a media, because if Kansas City wins that, then they have a three game lead over Buffalo plus the tiebreaker. And it's like, all right, we've already got our playoff pictures wide open now. Yeah. And, and Buffalo now Christmas day is not gonna suck. Christmas Day games is like an a ffc semifinals. You've got the Texans and the Ravens and you've got the Steelers and the Chiefs.


So I, I think it, it, it was a huge game and it was a huge win. And as much as Josh Allen downplayed it, and I know a lot of people on Monday morning, our guy Kyle Brent was like, as a Bills guy, he is like, that was nothing like stop. Like don't make a big deal to this. It was a, it was a week 11 game in a hundred years. Well, forget about it. I felt the opposite. And traditionally, I'm the chief's guy. I pick the Chiefs to win every year. And I've, I I've made a lot of bones in the playoffs and you know, they're going on the road to Baltimore, they're gonna win. They're going on the road to Buffalo last year. They're gonna win. I I thought that one, I thought like Buffalo was the better team. They were, they were more dynamic. They felt like they had more deep threats and gosh, I thought they were a better coach too. So I I thought that was a big win for Buffalo.


Do you agree with my theory that they kept Kelsey in the garage for that game? The Ferrari. I heard you talking about that with Sal. It felt like, let's let's not show all our cards in this game game by then, the thing I was most concerned about with the chiefs and, and especially like listening to some pods and reading stuff over the next couple days after the game, their tackles might not be good. Right. And they figured out a way to, to kind of, you know, scotch tape shit together. We've seen them do this a million times, but it seems like both tackles aren't really any good now. And I don't know if they can get something going from there, but from an offensive line standpoint, this feels like the shakiest they've been, right?


Yeah. And, and look, the last time their tackles gave us those questions was going to the Super Bowl against the Buccaneers. And they didn't have Right, they didn't have Fisher, they didn't have Schwartz. And we're like, all right. But they'll figure it out. And then the Buccaneers, you know, obviously manhandled them at the line of scrimmage and then lost Super Bowl way where Bowl, where's freezing cold takes for that guy. We have multiple videos of us guaranteeing a Buck Super Bowl winner. I don't see him digging Na up. We were about that. Jesus, Freddy Siegel. Anyway, the the, the other part of it is like, you know, they throw that they tried to get worthy involved early. And I was likes a little bit of this being chippy, like, you know, the Bill's traded us, this guy, we're gonna get, we're gonna get worthy involved then worthy steps out of bounds. Huge. When he has the whole field one foot and you're like, that's not Chiefs football.


Yeah. Like that doesn't go that way. So by the way, that was Patriot's football is what it was. I've watched that all year. Wide open guys stepping outta bounds, terrible blocking stupid strategies. That's Pat's football right now. I get worried about the Chiefs with that because their defense has led the way for them. Their special teams has been awesome. Now Buck goes down and now the Spencer Schrader's gonna have to make a couple big kicks. We'll see. But like, who's scaring you besides Mahomes? And you could say it's because hey, when you need him, Kelsey's gonna go 10 for one 20 with two touchdowns. Maybe he hasn't been that guy. I know he had a couple big statistical games the last few weeks, but like, I don't think Kelsey's doing like he was doing it a couple years ago and then, you know, he's throwing the ball to Noah Gray and Justin Watson and Juju like, and Xavier worthy is a nice deep threat.


But I just don't know if this chief's team has enough firepower. and it sounds crazy to say that with an Andy Reid offense that has Patrick Mahomes, that quarterback, we said it last year in December. It was one of the, I mean I think their bottom three explosive plays this year, which seems crazy for our Mahomes team. Like if you have Mahomes in fantasy hasn't gone great, but we watched them reinvent themselves after that Christmas game, Christmas Eve game whenever Raiders straight after 15 immediately reinvent themselves. They're also, they're built when the weather gets colder. That's gonna be good for them too. I I don't think it's gonna be as good for some of the other teams. So I'm not, I'm not panicking. And by the way, they almost won the game.


And I do think if Worthy hadn't set that abound, they probably win the game. But on the other hand, you're relying on worthy in these big spots. Yeah. It's gonna be the same situation in January. But who did you, who'd you have Super Bowl. You had Lions winning it all? I had, I ended up with Lions over Texans. Okay. Still alive Right before the season I felt like the Chiefs had become undervalued and I did a Lion's chief, lion's chief Super Bowl bet that was like 30. All, all the Lions stuff was gonna hit one seed NFC North. Like I think that's been the least surprising thing is the Lions kind of, they were were who they thought they, it was the opposite of Danny Green. The Lions were who we thought they were. They were who we thought they were.


I did Chiefs over Packers and my packers caveat you're not done with that. And I'm not done with that. And my Packers caveat was they're gonna do it as a wild card 'cause the Lions are gonna be the one seat and are gonna run away with this thing. Yeah. So that's all still in play Detroit. Well you but one thing on the Packers we're gonna know this weekend, I think we're gonna have a real feeling 'cause they have a Niners nice game against the Niners that they should win. We're gonna talk about a million dollar picks later. That's if if something good is gonna happen to them in January, I need them to win the Niners game. And if they don't I'm gonna be probably, probably tapping out. Yeah. Yeah. The Lions have been an interesting one because it's been like this locomotive and they really will be one of the only teams in the league in 2024 where everyone's buddy and exchanging jerseys like they'll snap your neck.


They don't care. Like they, yeah, I saw a stat. They scored more than 50 points three times from the year 1920 to the year 2023. They've already scored more than 50 points twice this year. And they have embarrassed teams and they've also won close games, which is obviously the Vikings game with Jake Bates hitting those fuels and then the comeback game with against the Texans. So they've won in a variety of different way the way the five pit game. Yeah. The where they overcame golf's, you know, five interceptions and still had to found a way. So like, I kind of like it that it's not just been oh seven Patriots. Yeah. Or 2013 Broncos where they just rip every team apart.


Like they've been in games too and they've won those as well. And some adversity they, it's not like everything went great this year. Lost Hutch going down was huge. Was the best defensive front four guy in the league. They lost their defensive captain two weeks ago though. I liked that David log signing. I thought that was, I was surprised he got waived. I liked him a couple years ago. Jamon Williams got suspended. Goff had the five pick game. Hey, you know, it hasn't been perfect, but they're doing the, they're almost like a college football team some games. Yeah. They just, they're not just beating teams. They're like absolutely select when you score seven straight touchdowns to start a game, that's like a, you're on a different level at that point. Seven straight possessions. It's wild.


It's great. It's in the Super Bowl ads. They're the, it's the first time ever in their history. Now, I don't know how far back these gambling sites go, but I saw it was the first time ever that they're the Super Bowl favorite ever. It has to be when, I mean would it is Air Creamer and Barry Sanders? I don't, I don't think they're the favorites. Yeah. They're plus three 50 right now. The chiefs are five to one, the bills are plus six 50 and then the Eagles are sitting there at eight to one. Houston's at 17 to one. It's, it, it does feel a little hodgepodge. Like you look at some of the Super Bowl matchups 'cause they have all the different matchups and it's like, you know, you, let's say, let's say I still feel like the Chiefs to win the Super Bowl until they've actually lost the Super Bowl.


It's still in my head. I'm always gonna be afraid of that one for Alliance thing. But the Chiefs to beat the Lions is 14 to one. But you look at some of these other dopey ones like chiefs to beat Arizona is 85 to one. I, it's not insane that Arizona could make the super, I'm, I'm not really not ruling out anyone is my point as good as Detroit's look, I'm not ruling out anyone. I'm just not. Well it's just that way Detroit. It's like, all right, let's say they have Home Field Advantage. They won two playoff games there last year. They beat the Rams and they beat the Bucks. They did fine. And then they went in the road and lost. And it's like, how it usually works is you don't, with the rare exception of maybe the Eagles a couple years ago with Foles or like the 99 Rams where you just come out of literally nowhere and you're like, we're we're just gonna win a Super Bowl.


We're gonna, usually you have to go through the progression of you go and you go to the playoffs and you lose a tough one and then you win Which last another round. Yeah. Did it. So like it's all there for them. I just have thoughts of Dan Campbell time management, game management, close game late going up against a McVay, going up against, against maybe a Kyle Shanahan who everyone has their own issues with at the end of games, but like has been there also time and time again. It's that kind of stuff that it's an intangible and you can't do it until you do it. But just as so many teams have gotten to the precipice and had to lose a couple times before they got to that over the hump.


Maybe this is Detroit needing one more year. We'll see, that was my case when I picked them that there's like actual history and I think there were four different instances of the team that got really close the year before learned, you know, learned something and then was able to apply it and either win the Super Bowl or come really close. And I think it happened like five times in the last few years. Remember the Ravens lost to you guys. Lee Evans dropped the pass and then Billy Yeah. cu Billy cu. Yeah. And then the very next year they're like, screw it. They go into Foxborough, they beat you guys and then they go in and win the Super Bowl. Like that's a recent memory of a team that had to lose and then found a way to win, you know? Yeah. Let's, let's take a break and we'll, we'll, there's a lot more to discuss.


This episode is brought to you by LinkedIn. As a small business owner, every new hire added to your team needs to make an immediate impact. Think of CJ Stroud in his rookie year, how he transformed the Texans with limited hiring resources. You don't have the luxury of getting it wrong. You need to feel confident that your candidate is going to perform when the game is on the line. With LinkedIn jobs, you can, as the world's largest professional network, LinkedIn gives you access to more than a billion professionals with the unique skills and experience you need, chances are your next standout star is one of them, a qualified candidate ready to put in the work that makes an immediate impact on your business. On LinkedIn, 86% of small businesses get a qualified candidate within 24 hours. So hire professionals like a professional on LinkedIn, hire the right person for your role and post your job for free. Go to LinkedIn dot com slash simmons, that's LinkedIn dot com slash simmons to post your job for free terms and conditions apply.


This episode is brought to by Uber Eats. It's football season and Uber Eats is dropping undefeated deals on all your game day favorites. This week. Score buy one, get one free famous bowls from KFC only on Uber Eats. And if you're craving even more, we've got you covered with game day and deals on pizza, burgers, tacos, and more All season long. Uber Eats Official on-demand food delivery. Partner of the NFL. Order now for game day terms. Taxes and fees apply. See app for details.


This episode is brought to you by Uber Reserve. You know, it's a game changer for travel. Booking my ride in advance to the airport with Uber Reserve. Uber Reserve makes it easy to plan my whole trip, I just did this. Booking rides up to 90 days in advance to help squeeze the most outta traveling, especially if you're doing odd hours rush hours, like early in the morning, you gotta do it. Plus, with Uber Reserve, you'll get an assigned driver, you get upfront pricing and you get extra wait time included. So go ahead plan like a pro. Reserve your Uber ride up to 90 days in advance. See app for details.


Now we've hit the portion of the podcast where I make my guest talk about Drake May for 60 seconds. This is unbelievable. This whole week watching football Twitter, people like Orlowski weigh in a couple times. All the football experts, like who's the guy? Colin has Cosell. He came and DRAKE Cosell film guy. All the, all the film guys are coming in. Like, you guys don't realize what Drake May's doing right now. You don't understand what's happening here. I've been going nuts. I I can't, I, this is the most I've texted about the pat since like the Flake eight. This is the most excited I've been F minus coaching staff. No receivers can't really block running backs that can't do anything.


So I just, this is where I make my guest talk about Drake May. So talk about Drake May. He's been unbelievable. And I talked to McVay Monday morning. Oh, McVay was another one. Gosh, McVay called him a stud in that press conference. And I hit up Sean just to talk about, you know, their game, whatever. And then I also said like, let's talk May. And he was just like that guy, I mean, they got their guy. That guy's unbelievable. Like what a, what a performance. And the stat I got from my researcher at Good Morning Football, great guy named Dante says this was the second time in May's career that he threw the ball 40 times or more completed at 70% of his passes. And only two other rookies in the history of the sport have done that. And it's Justin Herbert and it's Joe Burrow.


And like Drake May's already done it twice like this. We're talking and he does 95% of the offense, which you've noted. Yeah. Like it's just a throw on my shoulders, I'll figure it out. And they're not even running the right place for him. Like half the time you're like, what was that? Why did we do that? What are we doing? He's, he's doing it with, with talent that might not be starting on other NFL rosters, which is no, I think a kind thing to say the offensive line leaves a lot to be desired. The coaching ist. Exactly. So the offensive line like Cole Strange is coming back and we're like, Cole Strange is coming back. Like we to that part. Check you. He's back baby. We have another guard. It's coming. It's been really cool to see in fact this whole rookie class and not to get off the, the Drake May conversation.


No, we're good. You gave me a minute. We can move on. They've all had, they've all had their moments and like as great as Drake may was in the early window on Sunday, I know everyone was watching Bill's, Bill's chiefs, like Bo Nicks was fucking amazing. I know know he's gotten better every week for like six weeks. And, and Moose Johnston was doing the game and he dropped his little nugget and I'm like, oh, I don't, I didn't know that. Like Moose is like, we spoke to Sean Peyton in the production meeting, which we always talk about the value of the production meeting, whether you're there, you're not, you believe it or not. And he's like, and he said he liked Nicks more than all these rookie quarterbacks in the draft. I'm like, that's crazy. He was a six one taken. Like wow. Yet I believe it. It's the perfect match. There was no crazy ramp up period for him.


He's 26 years old. He is played in 61 college games. He's seen it all. He's played at big programs, Auburn and Oregon. He's had failure. He is had success. He is in the Senior Bowl. Sean Peyton does not wanna work with a raw product, an unpolished guy that he is gotta like frustrated himself with. He wants him to run his offense as like an avatar of himself. Like here's what you're gonna do and do it. There was a pass he had to Cortland Sutton where it was a play action pass rolled right, pumped it twice and then like dropped it in the bucket to over AJ Terrell. And I'm like, that's a 10 year vet play that he just did and he is doing it. So I say all this because Mae's having moments. Nick is having moments. Of course we did Jayden. Caleb's been good and we don't know what we're gonna get from pen MCCs.


Caleb's been, Caleb's had moments. He's said he's, you look pretty good last 44 times. In fact 44 times. It's the most since David Carr in his rookie year. Like I Caleb, I can give Caleb a lot of mulligans on this season. I feel like he's been given a tough draw th this whole way, whether it be the offensive wine offense wasn't, wasn't tougher than Drake May Fair Bear. And you saw what Gruden said. Gruden said he'd rather have Drake may than Caleb. I'm like, it's all over the map. It's great. I loved it. Gruden adding we're we invited him to Superstar Drake May Island. We're handing out condos right now or Lasky has one. But I do have to ask you, did we not? Okay. And I'm not trying to go and be viral for, for everyone else here, but did we not go down this road with Mac Jones, you and I before?


But this one feels a little different. It feels it's completely different. Okay. Mac Jones, it was like really good game manager. This guy can keep us going. He can make some throws and this Drake may thing. He's doing it despite literally everybody else in every fashion. And I also think, seems like he's won the locker room over too already. Oh, and how about he gets to the press conference two weeks ago and he's like, everyone put your phones down. Yeah, I would just like to say, how about that defense? Let's clap it up. I'm like, there's a 22-year-old kid. Yeah, no, he's, he's figured out all those pieces and you could tell like from the other coaches and the players that are going against him, some of the quotes, whereas like with Mac, it was like, yeah, it's pretty good. You know, it's like, it was, it was never like this.


But Mac, I don't know what happened to Mac. I still feel like there's a sliding Doors universe. and it really kind of started when Belichick benched him for a lot of Zappy Win that win Buffalo game. Remember that? His rookie year when it was like, yeah, Monday night, 40 mile an hour wins Monday night. It was kind of never the same. But there was a, he played a Colts I think on a Sunday night and the Colts just defended him a certain way and it was like, it immediately broke him. They just like, they were like, throw over us, you couldn't do it. I think I remember, I think it was a Saturday game. Saturday game maybe it was. and it was a Saturday night game on NFL network and like the Colts just the defense and the, and the special teams won the game for the Cols. And it was like, oh, there's that. That's him. I, I would add, you know, with with with Drake May, and you and I have talked about this, I'm not sure on this podcast or just you and I talking like the Patriots, they love this guy in the building and it goes from top to bottom.


Yeah. Front office owner. Like I know the impression he made because I know a lot of the folks in that building, when he signed his rookie contract, he showed up and it all his brothers showed up and his high school girlfriend showed up. Yeah. and it, it was like this big deal and like I, I got a text from someone in the building like that's such a schrager stupid and tangible thing that if he stinks, like, oh, what was the, what was the point of him talking about it? They'd be like, they loved it. They were like, this is what we want. We want someone who like wants to put his roots down here and we can just build around this guy. Yeah. And he is as loyal as it comes to family, to his friends, to his faith. It's all the right stuff on paper. And then now you see it on the field and it's like, oh, these guys are gonna rally behind this guy for 10 years.


He is, when Nate Tyson was comparing him to Elway, that was like the comp part because I, I couldn't quite get there with the Josh Allen 'cause it was big enough. All right. We talked too much about him. I can't wait 10 years from now when he's bitter because 93-year-old craft is spending the least amount of money on the team out of the 32 owners. It's like, I don't know, like right now he's like in that young loyal puppy stage that is just so great to I do, I do like, I do like how this team has responded. You know, I, we go back and forth. I know you're, you're, you're the Patriot's voice, but like Belichick and Lombardi and May and, and Patricia were feeling themselves a little bit after that soft comment and they were joking right. And they were making their snide comments and I felt it.


I understand they've won a couple games and the players who be playing for Mayo, whether or not he's an Xs and Os genius or they have ping pong in the locker room or what this has been vacillating back and forth. There is, there's obviously craft and Belichick lines here and it's like, I don't know where I am on it but, well this was a better argument a week ago. The coaching last week was an F minus. Minus minus. I know. It was probably the worst coaching they've had all year. So I said it straight up, it's not been good. But like they're a live dog this week though. They're plus seven in Miami and yeah, I don't know, I just think week to week they're gonna be really hard to predict 'cause they easily could beaten the Rams last week dude. Dude, they were up on the Rams. Yeah. By the way, let, let's talk about the Rams for a second. 'cause Yeah, you're pretty wired in with them.


Yep. Pretty lucky to beat the Pats. A team that made a ton of mistakes that the, the coaching was abysmal then they're playing the Eagles this week. And all my instincts should be like, nah, I'm taking the Eagles. The Rams are kind of fraudulent and yet I kind of like McVeigh against the Eagles. I don't know why, I don't know what it is, but him against Fangio. Like I love the way Stafford played last week. I thought he was awesome. Like their receivers are back. Yeah they can run the ball. Williams is really crafty. Oh dude, he, there were times when it felt like the Pats had him behind the line and he would just figure out how to get five yards anyway but, and then there defensive line can, can really collapse the pocket and do some stuff.


So I look at that, I think that's one of the hardest games to figure out. I don't know if I'm gonna be putting a million dollar picks but are the Rams the playoff team to you? Mm. That loss to Miami on Monday night football is really a slap in the face to everyone who got on that bandwagon. That's maybe the worst loss any team's had this season. It's just surprising. Like you, you had a couple wins in a row, you're back in this thing and then here come this Dolphins team who just kicked their ass on national television in their building. Patriots. They should have won. They did win. It wasn't easy. You get back to this one now what the testament to the Rams is that Aaron Donald retires and you know the thought is their defense is gonna go down. They drafted verse, he's probably your defensive player. The all over the, it's either T all over the place.


He's awesome about him. Braden Fisk, the other one also from Florida State, second rounder, their third round pick was Cam Kitchens who's had two huge picks this season. The pick six against Seattle. And he had another interception that game and then the game winning interception against you guys last week. And they got this guy Omar Spa who's undrafted and worst number 48 and is all over the field and had the big fourth down stop against Seattle in overtime. Now what I'm saying is with all this, it's like you could do the f them picks and you can be super aggressive and you can go and make you better nail the draft. And they have nailed the draft and they found a way to recover from Aaron Arnold retiring and no first round pick for the last seven years.


They've been really good with guys on that point. mc face said something interesting about how they didn't really scout mate 'cause they knew they had no chance at them. And I was wondering like, is that an advantage when you either don't have first round picks at all? So there's people like you're not even, you might as well just cross off 40 guys. Yeah. You know, you're not gonna get, or you're just concentrating on a certain portion of the draft versus like having to think about every round. I do wonder if that's kind of a weird advantage that you wouldn't want, but you kind of stumble into, Sean had a really fun time this draft period. Now quarterback was not gonna happen. They were fine with the quarterback with Stafford, but like this was his first first round pick ever. So he was super excited and I said on good morning football. I'm like, there is no chance that in his first time making a first round pick, Sean McVay isn't taking an offensive player.


Sure enough, they took Jared verse, they took a defensive guy second round, they got my face. The guy that he loved though, and I could say it now, and it's, it's been reported they loved Brock Bowers. Oh, the tight end outta Georgia. They loved him. And when he started slipping McVeigh was getting the, the, the snappy fingers and like that. Well what could we do? What could we do? I, I believe they've made some phone calls to move up to get Bowers. It's a great what if because Brock Bowers is now having the best rookie tight end season ever on an irrelevant raid Raiders team. It's 10, 10 to 13 targets a week on an awful believable. Yeah. And and the fact is though, to what you're saying, they weren't going quarterback, but like McVeigh finally had a chance to look at blue chip talent, first round talent in a real way, not in a, well there's a chance someone might slip or we might trade up and he really enjoyed the process.


So as much as an advantage it might be to, to have a second round pick and not have to worry about the first round. So you can look at deeper cut. Yeah, like lower. It was, it was cool for him to get that. And then the scouts, they were all in on verse credit to less Sneed and his guys, like if verse falls to that far, like we've gotta find a way to get a new cornerstone defensive player. And I think they found him well there was that one year when they didn't have Coles, they were looking at Cole Strange 'cause they were like picking in the third round and the Pats took him and McVay's like, wait, Cole Strange just went in the first round. We were looking at him and, and it was like incredible moment. Oh my God, we might have fucked that pickup moment stu, that this guy went in the top 30. He came out the next day and was like, no, no, no, no, no, no.


That's not what I was saying. Saying that's not what we were actually, I'm like, I I don't think they had Yeah, that nobody's believed you on that one. But the flip side was he came all the way around on Drake Bay. So the Rams are plus 360 to make the playoffs. That seems tough. Seattle is plus two 90 to make the playoffs. Arizona's minus one 40 to make the playoffs. And then the most shocking one to me, which isn't that shocking, is the Niners plus money right now plus 1 76. I wanna talk about them really quick. Yeah, yeah. McCaffrey doesn't look like McCaffrey.


Nope. Didn't look. and it, it's the Niners are the classic, oh if I, if I saw this sheet of paper, I'm like whoa, they have a lot of good guys. But if you actually watch the games like i's Gone kiddo's kiddo missed last week. So he's hit the George Kittle red flag stage of his season, which happens every year. Deebo Hass been hurt a bunch of times already. Jwan Jennings had to make big plays last week, but McCaffrey just didn't seem special to me last week and I don't know if it's gonna take some time to come back or is this who he is? I don't think their offensive lines as good. I don't think their defense is as good. And I feel like they're still getting basically last year's value being treated that way versus what I'm watching.


I don't think it's just last year. I think it's the institutional knowledge that over the last five years they've started off being like three and four, two and three, four and four. And then they, they turn it on and they get to the playoffs and they're a really hard team to beat in the playoffs. I too am watching them though last week against Seattle and Nick Bosa clearly hurt. It's a hip another one, it's an oblique, clearly not himself. You don't have Eric Armstead out there anymore. You're now a couple years removed from, from not having Buckner out there anymore. All of a sudden you look around and you're like, I don't even recognize this defense. It's Fred Warner doing everything he can as he always does. It's an injured bosa and it's a bunch of younger guys on the back end.


And it's like, I'm not scared of this defense like I used to be when it was Dko Ryans and Robert Sala marching up and down the sidelines, puffing out their chest to give up an 80 R drive to Gino Smith after you held them most of the game. And then especially that final plays like head scratching, not their way. What's killing them is they lost a, a terrible, terrible loss in Los Angeles where the receiver bell drops a pass that would've put the game away at 21 to seven. That's in a division they lost to the Cardinals that's in the division. They've now lost to the Seahawks in the division. You gotta really dig yourself out of the hole because I think their best way to the playoffs is gonna be winning that division. Huge, massive, massive game this weekend against the Packers.


And to your point, they usually own the Packers and Shanahan's had good numbers against LeFleur. I think he's four and two all time. But I go to the big games, I go to playoff games and yeah I think, I think where he Moster just scored another touchdown from the N FFC championship game back in 2020. I remember a couple years ago on a Saturday night, everyone Rogers was pub public enemy number one with the Covid stuff and everyone was taking shots at him and he comes in as the one seed and the Niners come in with with Trent Williams and a boombox out of the locker room and they beat them in in Lambo and shock the one seed on a Saturday night. And it's like the Niners just have their number. I don't know if it's that same Niners team. The faces might be the same, the coach might still be the same, but like, do I have any confidence that that 49 ERs squad that I've seen the last few weeks limp to victories and just get by in their wins and then lose strange games they never lose is gonna come in and just push around the Packers.


I don't one more piece Packers almost beat them in that playoff game when it was a healthier Niners team last year and probably should have won. Yeah. Bad kicking, huh? Little revenge game for them in this one. And I'm with you. I think the Packers, I think the ceiling of the team versus what we've seen, I still believe in this ceiling and I don't think they've played that well and I think they've had some weird stuff happen really starting with that crazy Brazil game. It was, it's a weird way to start the season and they got super lucky last week against the Bears. They're also playing, one thing that worries me about that game for them is they're, they're playing on Thursday night too. They're playing the Dolphins. Right. See this huge game at home against the Niners.


But you also know that other game is kind of lingering. It's afterwards, it's a, it's Thanksgiving evening. Thanksgiving night. Yeah. And I always wonder like the game before the game, the good news is they're playing the Dolphins that game pretty mediocre Thanksgiving Dolphins have won a couple games in a row. No, I know. Yeah. But that now they got Drake May coming to Miami. There's also some weird weather stuff this week too that, oh, there's snow, snow in Green Bay. Jordan Love Leads League interceptions. Like you're not wrong. Like they don't look crisp. And then before the season had some like do Dobbs got suspended for a game, like there's, they looked a little gamey at times, right? And, and like, you know, I don't, I don't know if this is a positive or negative now, in the early two thousands the Patriots had this where it was like you didn't really have a true number one wide receiver and the floor said that before the season.


Like I, we, I look at all those guys number ones, but every week it's like Jaden Reed's week, then it's Dobbs this week and last week Watson went nuts. So I kind of like that. I liked, there was a Tucker Craft Week. Oh Tucker Craft. He killed the Rams and then the next week had two touchdowns. Like he does nothing anymore. It's okay, it's all right. He'll find us saying Josh Jacobs obviously is a weapon and like look at his list names, but to me it's, they haven't even come close to gelling on offense yet. And they're still seven and three and they're perfectly where you wanna be like, let the lions get all the headlines, let the Vikings be sitting there with a tiebreaker over that. Like let that be there and then stretch run.


Here comes the come running team and the come running team might very well be the Packers who got their shit together at the right time. Right. Maybe as a five seed, maybe as a six seed. We're aligned on this one. I, there's a scenario in my head this weekend where, I'm trying to think of the narratives on Monday morning as you're staring at Kyle. Yeah. Where it's like Packers, whoa, do we believe this Niners? Oh no. Like they're not gonna make the playoffs. Holy shit. And then there's this sneaky lions game and I, I'm gonna, I'll full disclosure, I'm putting the Lions in a tease, but it does have like, does it scare cold? It's a little sneaky.


Just it's a little sneaky. 'cause Richardson I thought played pretty well last week and I thought in general the Colts played pretty well and you know, everyone's so high in the lions right now coming off this giant win and I think they could run the ball over them. I'm not worried about it, but I was just wondering like, could this be five days one of these from now weeks? Yeah, we're one of these weeks we like, hey Packer's only a game back. Totally. And like one of these weeks the Lions are gonna have that game. But gosh they, I thought the Titans might've gotten, 'cause Titans came in with the number one defense. They let them up the thought. The Jaguars maybe playing for Doug Peterson's job with all that stuff Forehand. No. Oh, I'm glad you brought him up because that was the thing. I was, that was the thing I was the most wrong about this season was I was, I'm not like the Jets I walked in with with eyes wide open fully knowing it was 50 50.


I really believe as in the Jags as an a ffc playoff team, so did I. Right. So did I And for me it came down to them versus Denver for that last spot. And I couldn't get there with Denver 'cause of the defense. Ironically, their defense statistically has been awesome. It's been great. If you looked at it before the season, it's like I don't see it, what's in here? And I thought Jacksonville and meanwhile it's been the opposite. They're one of the five worst teams in the league. Doug's doing the dead man walking didn't even fire 'em after a 52 to six loss. They still might like, we're doing this on Thursday, they've be a bi-week. Like I, I don't know how that's gonna go down. I well this is going up fast, so maybe if this happens Thursday night the pot hour would be up. Yeah. So you think, you think it's still in play? So I think it's still in play.


I think you, after that loss on Sunday and all the reports that aren't coming from nobody that he was on in, you know, he was on the death watch anyway. Like I, they have a bi-week. Who knows what the cons have going on this week. They might be wrestling or something else going on that they wanted to deal with in the first part of the week. But like I I, I certainly don't think I would be sleeping great if I'm Doug Peterson. No, he knows Thursday, Friday, Saturday. Like he knows what's going on. Yeah. He's got a statue. Does are there any other coaching situations we should just be monitoring? Maybe guys not about to get fired, but situations that Hmm. Seem a little rockier than maybe it seems to be outside. Like are are we cool with Cleveland these days?


What's going on there? Fine in Cleveland two time coach of the year and I know the relationship he has with ownership and there's like full, full trust in him. So I think he's fine. I there was a erroneous report that Dbol was on the hot seat. I don't think that's true. I think Dbol sit set in New York trying to bears do we watch the Bears the next Yeah we watch, we watched. Or is that already a rep? We watch the Bears, we see how they respond. Anytime you fire a coordinator and things don't get better, the next person is not the co other coordinator. Like that's, that's the stuff that we look at there. Should I start doing that? Should I start firing inner circle people when I don't like what's going on to deflect blame that Your fault is this work in the outside world.


Ah, not your fault. Yeah, I don't know what, what's going on over there. That's it. This this podcast is such a weird strategy. I know. Yeah. I've had to change my offensive coordinator. I you're the head coach. You know the sick part about that was Thomas Brown called a really nice game for the Bears last week. Yeah. And like Caleb looked good and energy was hot and it's all for Naugh. Like they're still lost. Well, but but think about one of the things like in the stories, in the dialogue after it's like Thomas Brown simplified it for Caleb were to get rid of the ball fast. He got rid of the ball within three seconds. It's like, why didn't you do that three weeks ago? I could've, you could've asked me, just called me cold, called me. I would've told you he was holding on the ball too long. Like were you needed a new offensive coordinator to figure that out.


I'm a McVay guy obviously Thomas worked for McVay for many years over there in LA and before that was a University of Georgia running back and before that played high school football against McVay. So like McVay's been singing about this guy for a decade. So he goes and gets this job at Carolina, a big promotion, flames out horribly, everyone gets fired and he goes to Chicago and it's like he finally gets a chance to be an offensive coordinator. And like I, he was high energy, he was, let's go let's. And I'm wondering, I'm like, you know Shane Waldron also respected guy like, and Matt Eber flu. Those are not like high energy, like big. Those are not big vocal guys. Meanwhile you look at the booth and Thomas Brown is like super into it.


He is pumping his fist and I'm like, as stupid as that sounds like, yeah, something sometimes the young quarterback needs that just a little bit of juice like let's go. So I, I'm curious to see how the rest of the season plays out, plays out for him. That's like what you did for me was a million dollar picks that year when I was on the slump and you came in, you had just had a ton of energy. Mid-season edition baby let's go. Well Joe Brady seems like he's emerged as a possible head coaching dude. Yeah, you have the Chargers defensive coordinator, Minter, he's in the mix for stuff. You have Belichick, you have vrbo, you have Ben Johnson who I think just wants to sit at the bar in a cocktail dress and have people buy him drinks.


I'm not sure he actually, but not even ever wants to be a head coaching job. Not even like two years ago he was a Carolina guy and Tepper was like in on Ben Johnson. Like he didn't even take the interview. He is like, I'm good last year I have it on pretty good sources. He was Washington's guy. Yeah. They get on, they get on a private jet to Detroit to go meet with him again and they find out while they're on a private jet that he's withdrawn his name from the interview process and he's gonna stay in Detroit. Like I don't even know if he wants to be a head coach. And I don't think he was like, loves the idea that he's looked at as this guy who flirts. He doesn't even flirt. He is like, I'm good. So I would imagine this is the year. But he is, he could be, he could be picky here.


I don't think he needs to take any job. This is the year. And I doubled down on it with my future picks before the year. But I was just like, I just, I'm defaulting to good coaching. You know, like Sean Peyton over Jim Harbaugh. I know it doesn't make sense but I just feel like he's getting to nine wins in, in maybe making the playoffs. I had 'em, I had 'em both in the playoffs this year. I'm with you and n next year already. I can just tell you like Belichick and Vrabel taking over whoever. I'm just gonna be like I'm in on those guys. Why are you so convinced Belichick's getting a job? Well that's a good question. I'm not, I'm convinced he wants a job. If he didn't, if he didn't get one this time around and and Atlanta obviously went down the road with him, why after a year will he suddenly be in demand?


Great question because especially coming off of not a great pats here, I think, I think craft was definitely poisoned in the well a little bit. I think he had a reputation as a curmudgeon and as a control freak. And I think the two jobs that made the most sense for Atlanta, Washington, Atlanta hired Raheem who's, you know, was a really, really, really good defensive coordinator who was gonna get another job. Like it wasn't like the hired of schmuck in Washington, Dan Quinn. Like it seems like that was the right hire, like right guy for them. Great energy defense. Like it's worked out. I don't really know if there's another job like car like Tepper wasn't gonna hire him in Carolina. No, no. This year Jacksonville in Vegas seemed like the two spots that, okay, so let's go down the Vegas, you hick, you're bringing his whole infrastructure, he's gonna be in charge of everything and you just handing the thing over to him.


Those seem to be the two franchises that just need someone like that. So that, let's go down the ve let's go down the Vegas line. Brady, Brady hires Brady's first big opportunity to Brady's hiring his Belichick, his old head coach and they're gonna bring in Josh McDaniels and Mick Lombardi and the whole gang from from like they did that a couple years ago. Like that was their coaching staff, right? They went the New England route. But like the only thing I would push back on is are we sure Brady's gonna be that involved? Good point. I don't know. I like I you could tell me either you could tell me he is gonna be super involved. I would imagine you could tell me he just got a deal on a 10% NFL team and he's just kind of so like who does this benefit more Brady or the Raiders to have Brady as a Raiders minority owner?


I would think the Raiders would say we would love his insights and have him weigh in on decision making when comes to I would football, I say Brady. Brady because he, he got an unbelievable deal apparently in the team. He's a, if he got some legitimate owner, like half price, like the NFL owners were pissed about it. Jacksonville needs, I mean if I think Vrabel because he's younger than Belichick should be a better candidate than Belichick. As much as I love Belichick, he's hitting his mid seventies. Yeah. But I do think that's been a lot of this media stuff has been a rehab tour of, see I do have a personality, so interesting you say that I can play the game surrounds himself with Chris Long, who's a super likable guy on television, a Chad Johnson on television and he is playing along with those guys. Then he is on with the Mannings and he is great and it's, he's he's doing McAfee.


Like he's just McAfee. He's checking all the boxes. Totally. And look, if you're talking about who do you wanna sit down with and talk ball with or who's gonna be the best Xs and os guy in the history of the sport, it might be him. I know these owners. I I I'm trying to think like, I think Shad Con is your best bet of like who's gonna hand things over to Belichick and whether it's somebody who has a whole bunch of other stuff going and doesn't wanna manage it day to day you deal. Right. It's like, like I just, you take it, you go. Which is I think what he thought he was gonna have with Trump Balki, right? Yeah. And that hasn't worked out. Yeah. And he thought he had that with Urban Meyer and that didn't work out. I think Belichick's gonna go to Jacksonville and I think Vrabel will get a really good job.


I can't imagine he's not gonna be a head coach next year. That's crazy to me. So he's been, he's been talked about obviously a lot and a lot of people thought he got a raw deal in, in, in Tennessee, which is fair. He's won a lot without a real true number one quarterback. Tannehill was solid for a couple years. Think about Fre, he's in Cleveland right now consulting. But it's, that's almost like, hey, just let me stay with the team, let me help out where I can Yeah. In the mix. But you can't, you can't pin any of Cleveland's season to bad season to like, well look, VR Vrabel had a bad year again though Vrabel like former Patriot, all that like, is Vrabel the Jets guy? I, I don't know if there's a, if that's a great fit in New York. I don't know if he wants to go there. I'm, I'm just trying to do mixing matching about what's gonna be available and I look at some of the places that are gonnas openings.


I think Bears might be available. I think Cowboys is gonna be available. I think Jets gonna be available. Would you want the Cowboy's job tough? It's tough because he's gonna be involved these three giant contracts. It's basically like you're taking over those 76 ERs and the owner historically has been very involved. They haven't had a real voice of like pushback or resistance since Parcells. I mean I don't think Wade Phillips was that guy. It wasn't Garrett and it wasn't McCarthy. Those guys have been great football coaches in their own right and when and when they had to be. But like they're not guys who are gonna scream at the owner. Yeah. Well last year, last year the Chargers was the best job. A hundred percent. You get, you get Herbert, you have a team that underachieved because of the coaching situation, you have actual talent in place.


It was all lined up. For somebody to come in. Jacksonville to me is a pretty good job. You still, if even Trevor Lawrence, if you assume yeah, if you, if you're walking into it going, I think Lawrence can be a guy. I think he could be on the, somewhere in the Herbert May vicinity. He's just, they did this wrong, this wrong and this wrong. We can build him back up and you're probably watching every pass and play that he's done over the last four years trying to decide if this was his fault or if this was the infrastructure. But at least like you go to the Giants, well who am I getting? Tommy DeVito. Like, you go to Vegas, you get draft, I have no chance of anyone. Those guys draft picks. That's what you're getting.


Or Chicago would be the other one where you're get, you're walking in with Caleb, you have draft capital. What a city that gives a shit's. That's kind of what canals stepped into in Carolina. If you get like a Caleb that just had a scarring rookie season, now how do I build him back up? You know, like Bryce Young was destroyed last year. How do I build him back up? That's a challenge in itself. Work in progress. Work in progress. I would, I would quickly give you a name and obviously I say this and a lot of people roll their eyes 'cause he's been met, he was the head coach before. But like, depending on how the second half of the season goes in Washington, I think Kingsbury is gonna be a name to watch because of what he did with Jaden out of the gates. And he is got head coaching experience not for everybody.


It, it's, and he has faded in the second half of every place he's ever coached, whether it was Texas Tech or Arizona or even you know, USC last year. But I would keep an eye on Kingsbury as a sneaky candidate for a few of these places just because of his ability with these young quarterbacks. And that's what you're drafting. And I do think, you know, he was bad in Arizona. I don't know how much of it was his fault, but it didn't go well. Yeah, yeah. With that said, he's been amazing for Daniels and yeah, if you feel like it's a quarterback match, maybe it's gonna, it's the thing is you have a 25% chance of of hitting it with the coach. We we're just watching it.


There's eight or nine guys and then there's everybody else. Totally the that's what happens. Like would you want the New Orleans job? The shocking thing to me is how many jobs I wouldn't want that are available. Yeah. It's like, oh cool, I get to take over the Panthers. If that, if that became available. No, thank you. Oh the Saints I get, I get this same job. You're underestimating, you're underestimating the egos, the careers and what it means to be one of the 32. And a lot of these guys know going in, sometimes I get it, but not not if you're Ben Johnson though and you not every, you have your pick like, it's like, oh cool, I get to coach Derek Carr. Oh Sean, get Aiden O'Connell for a whole year. Ho yeah, Sean Peyton tells the story about like he, he got interviewed by the Raiders in oh three maybe and he was the offensive coordinator of the Cowboys.


And Al Davis made the pitch and then, you know, the Cowboys came back and said, we'll pay you as much as they're paying you to stay as offensive coordinator. And he does. And then the next year he visited New Orleans and he was like, there were still tarps on the homes from Katrina and like we were embarrassed to invite free agents in because if they even saw this place, they would never choose to sign. He is like, we had to offer twice as much money to assistant coaches just to even consider this place is like, it's not like that. But when you go into these teams that are so much behind the eight, like it is a real, real hard sell to like a top top coach. Which is one of the reasons why you don't get some of the premier coordinators or the hot names going to these franchises.


And everyone's like, all the fans are like, well let's just hire that guy. No, no, no. A lot of times it's the coordinator has the choice or the hot name has the choice and it's like, I'm not gonna go step into that. I want to go to the place that's the most desirable. Well it's funny the way we laid that out. Maybe Vegas is a more desirable job 'cause you come and you're like, Hey Vegas, no state tax. It's hopping city right now. Doing great. We, we have the ACEs NBA's coming, we got a baseball team coming, NBA's coming like shit's going down. We got the NBA cup and they do the cold court of the U ffc NBA cup. Like shit's happening. Come on. Are you gonna go to the, are you gonna go to the NBA cup again this year or? No, I'm on the fence. The semi-final game.


There's the two in a row. Games on a Saturday seems kind of fun. But it does, I I will be at e I'm doing a double dip this weekend. I'll be in LA I'm gonna go to Nuggets. Lakers. Yeah. On Saturday Hope twice. And then I'm gonna go to twice and then I'm gonna, I know I'd like to see him then I'm gonna go to Eagles Rams the next night. And then I was thinking about extending the trip one more day. 'cause you have Ravens Chargers, so pretty good LA Sports Weekend here. That really is, well well let's leave on that 'cause we're hitting that a million dollar picks. Ravens Chargers. Chargers sneak one out last week. Like a, it was a sneaker slayed some ghosts. Ravens could be seven and five if they lose this game.


The Ravens are favorite by three. And I, I've liked the Chargers all year, but something about the Ravens on turf coming off a loss is, is scary to me. What, what's your take on this game? I don't know man. Chargers are really good and last week it was obviously all written to just charger it up and they found a way to somehow put their foot down and not let that happen again. Now of course the kicker from the Bengals misses that kick and it's okay, but it was all going the way it always goes for the Chargers after being up 27 to six. And they found a way to hold on and Herbert had to leave a drive at the end. Yeah and he did.


That was good. And at the end it's like lad McConkey has no demons and no ghosts from, you know, previous years. And JK Dobbins doesn't know any of that stuff. And they've got guys on defense who weren't a part of those teams. Like new coach new feel like I could see them beaten up on the Ravens this weekend. The Ravens Ravens last week. They finally get a good effort from their defense. They finally get this performance where they keep a team under 20. And on the flip side, they only run the ball with Derrick Henry 13 times. They miss two Justin Tucker field goals. They look discombobulated after the timeout on the two point conversion. There's penalties all over the place. Like I don't feel great about this Ravens team. I didn't feel great when they won against the Bengals on a Thursday night. And they give up 35 points and 500 yards passing.


Like, I don't know. I I, I know the Ravens are favored and this game's on the road for some reason. I I could see the Chargers winning in this game. A hundred percent. It's a must watcher. That one's great. Packers. Packers. Niners is gonna be great. Some good ones. Rams Eagles will be fun. We, we have a couple good ones. I think Dolphins, pats could be really fun too. I heard you and Sal joking about, you know, did you know that the Buffalo fans jump through tables? Where do you stand on the Harbaugh brothers going up against each other in a game. Are you good on that storyline or is it not enough? Is that what's happening? Yeah, they actually, so one of the team had coaches. They're co they're going against each other. I didn't, it's actually, I didn't see that. Nobody's talked about that all week. It's, it's actually kind of interesting 'cause one of them is last name Harbaugh and the other one's last name is Harbaugh.


And their dad actually coached too for Western Kentucky for many, many years. Same dad, same guy. How many times did they coach against each other? When Harbaugh was on Niners twice? They did a Thanksgiving game and then they did the Super Bowl. Yeah. I don't Oh yeah, the Super Bowl. And John won both times. I still don't understand how the Niners lost that Super Bowl. I went to that game. One of the weirder sporting events. I'm sure you were there too after the, I was long blackout. The whole thing was just had the weirdest Where did you, because I, maybe I'm just a neurotic New Yorker here, but the lights go out and everyone thinks this is hilarious. I was freaking out. I'm like, what's going on? Like where were you when it went down? Right. I was in the press box, which is not easy to get down from the top of the Superdome. I was in a suite with the one and only Nathan Hubbard.


Yep. And, and the lights went out and the first thought is like, is something horrible happening? Then the second thought is, what if the lights don't come back on? What happens to the Super Bowl? What? And then it was super disjointed but the whole game was disjointed and then all of a sudden they're on the five yard line first down and it just, the pace was off and it was really weird to watch in person. I, it was, I haven't been to like a million NFL games 'cause I love watching him on tv. But that was, I think the weirdest one I've been to in person. Frank Orr runs the ball down to the five yard line Kaepernick throws, I think three passes to Michael Crabtree, one of them maybe the Randy Moss of all people who was on that team out of the end zone.


And that's how it ends. It's a crazy, crazy Super Bowl that's forgotten in the, the lore because of the, the blackout. But it was, it came down to the final minutes. And like that's another one that Niners fans add to, like there's a whole version of the Beleaguer Jets Browns fan and no one's crying for Niners fans. They've got all those Super Bowl rings, but like they have had some devastating playoff losses over the last two decades. Yeah, you're right. You don't think of them as the tortured fan base 'cause they've been in it every year. But what was the last one? 90 95? Yeah. Well, Steve Young. Yeah, it was Steve Young and the monkey off his back with Gary Plummer. Yeah. That was the last time they won a Super Bowl, right? Yeah, yeah, yeah.


Wow. Yeah, Montana won four and Steve Young won, won drought on par of the New York playoff football drought. 13 years for the Jets. And that was wrong. When was the last Giants playoff one? Was it Super Bowl? No, a couple years ago. They beat the Vikings. They beat cousins. Oh. That's why I said Daniel Jones game. I bet on that game. You didn't talk, we didn't talk about the Giants decision all year. Nah, that's nothing to talk about. All year. Drew Locks number two. DeVito gets the call, the number, they're just trying to save money, right? It's just per game. No, no. DeVito brings a spark, baby. Let's go Spark for what? They should wanna lose every game. If I, I would play Daniel Jones every game. There's like, I wanted, I want, the weird thing is the draft's goofy. 'cause the top two guys it seems like are cornerbacks.


Right? If you say Travis Hunter is a cornerback. Yeah. Who can play receiver sometimes. And then there's not a quarterback in the top eight. Wow. The two left tackles have fallen out. Ready? Just get ready for the Shado Sanders type train, my friend. Oh my God. It's coming. It's coming. It'll be real. It'll be real. That's where I'll be getting off that train. You don't, you're not a fan. No, I like 'em. It's just we do this every year with the draft. I know where we're settling with like these are definitely the 5, 6, 7 best guys. And then as we get closer to eight quarterbacks, everybody starts talking them into these quarterbacks. Yeah. Starts rising up. All right. Sad Everybody in New York. Great. You're the man to see. You're the I wanted to, I wanted to talk, I wanted to talk about Jay Leno being thrown down a hill hill, but we didn't get to that point.


And that's just not, not funny, I guess. Huh? I, listen, I will say if I was the host of a conspiracy podcast, I would've done a lot of legwork on it. 'cause it just, a lot of stuff doesn't add up. I'll just say that I've, I'm, I bet on some text threads today wondering what, what's going on here. It's a crazy online story and it's, it's disheartening. 'cause I like Leto. I mean, I, I think he's a sweet guy and he loves to craft, but what are you do, what are we, what are we doing Hampton in on a, on a Tuesday night in Pittsburgh? What are we doing here? Right. Well, and also if you, if you take it, you take like your own parents and just put them in the situation of some of these, and it's like you, what happened to Bill's dad? He fell 60 feet down a hill and this whole side of his face is black.


Like what? That's the weirdest thing I've ever heard. And it's something old school and celebrities, they seem somehow seems less weird and it so makes so old school that like Inside Edition is doing like, things like interview with them. It's like where what, what am I watching? Yeah, there's people doing tweets like, you know, like someone is trying to kill Jay Leno, how much evidence do we need? And it's like, ah, at least investigate this. I'll kick the tires on it. Peter Schrager, great to see you. You're the man, dude. Thank you. All right, that's it for part one of the podcast. Thanks to Peter Schrager, thanks to Sir Rudy for Hopping on. And thanks to Kyle Creighton. Remember, you can watch all the clips and videos from this podcast on the Bill Simmons YouTube channel.


And remember, part two of this podcast is coming as soon as we can get it up. We're gonna talk about the Philadelphia 76 ERs. We're gonna talk about million dollar picks and a whole bunch of other stuff. So stay tuned for that. See you In. Part two must be 21 plus in President Select states for Kansas and affiliation with Kansas Star Casino. Or 18 plus in President dc.


Gambling problem, call 100 Gambler. Visit rg help.com. Call 1 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org/chat in Connecticut. Or visit md gambling help.org in Maryland. Hope is here. Visit gambling helpline ma.org or call 8 3 2 7 50 50 for twenty four seven. Support Massachusetts. Or call 1 8 7 7 8 Hope ny. Or Text HOPE NY in New York.