
Hey, WEBY and the Spurs are gonna be in Austin next month And I decided I wanted to see Weby in Texas And I have to go. I'm gonna see him live, but while I'm in town, let's get together. Let's do a live show, paramount Theater in Austin on Wednesday, February 19th. Tickets go on sale tomorrow at 10:00 AM Central time. Again, live Austin Wednesday, February 19th. Paramount Theater, some special guests. Basically the the BS podcast just doing its thing. Tickets go on sale Saturday at 10:00 AM central time. Details will be available at The Ringer dot com slash events Very soon. Hope to see you there.


This episode is brought to you by American Prime Evil. Netflix has a new limited series. Again, it's called American Prime Evil, starring Taylor Kitch. My guy Betty Gilpin, set in one of the most beautiful, brutal, and isolated parts of America in 1857. American Prime Evil is about people fighting over land, culture and survival in one of the most brutal isolated parts of America. All while mother fights to save her son as they try to survive in the wild. This is gonna be epic. American Prime Evil is now playing only on Netflix.


This episode is brought to you by State Farm. State Farm helps you score an affordable price when you choose to bundle home and auto insurance with the personal price plan. Bundling home and auto. That's a pro move. Just another way you can save on your insurance needs. Talk to a State Farm agent today to learn how you can bundle and save with the personal price plan like a good neighbor. State Farm is there. Prices are based on rating plans that vary by state coverage. Options are selected by the customer availability. Amount of discounts and savings and eligibility vary by state.


We're also brought to by The Ringer Podcast Network. If you missed part one of this podcast, we put it up earlier today And it was a mid-season power pole that I got a lot of takes off on and really had a good time. And then Joel Anderson and Van Lathan joined me to talk about college football and a whole bunch of other stuff. The Ohio State Notre Dame game. Joel's five favorite things. Really fun pod, but we had to keep going because football is happening this weekend. Round two NFL playoffs, I have she Kati and Joe House joining us. We're gonna break down every game, our favorite parts of each matchup, and then we're gonna do some million dollar picks. I mentioned I wanted to talk about the wildfire recovery efforts out here in Southern California.


I wanted to pat, look, there's a lot of great things happening. I wanted to pass along five charities that I really like. The Wildfire Recovery Fund, which is cal fund.org. It's set up by the California Community Fund that's just trying to get money to all the places we need as the, the Southern California is obviously a major, major crisis right now. The SoCal Fire Fund, which you can find that EI foundation.org, EI foundation.org. It provides immediate long-term support for community centered recovery initiatives that aid students, school employees, and families impacted by the January, 2025 fires. The third one is the A FD Foundation Emergency Fire Fund, which you can find@supportlafd.org.


They provide vital equipment and fund critical programs to help the A FD Save Lives, protect communities. Then there's World Central Kitchen wk.org. Their relief team is in Southern California right now, supporting first responders and families impacted by wildfires in the LA area. They have a link at the top when you go right to WCK to help Los Angeles specifically. And then last but not least, habitat for Humanity, which has really gotten involved in the last week. They have a disaster response fund set up on their website@habitat.org for the, for the wildfires. So I'm committing $250,000 total, 50 KA piece to the five that I just mentioned.


And if you're listening, do whatever you want. Do whatever you can. There's no right answer for any of this, but that is, that's what I'm doing at least. All right, we are gonna talk football right now with Shield and House. Stay safe out there in Southern California. Hope, hope everybody's good. We're gonna talk some football right now. First, our friends from Pro Jam.


Alright, We are taping this. It's Thursday afternoon Pacific time. Joe House is here 'cause we do a million dollar picks. We did not get to do them last week. We're gonna try to bounce back strong this week. And we brought in the real star of The Ringer Sunday pregame show. Sheila Cap Padia who ca who comes in every couple weeks like Dion Waiters and just crushes it. Big heat checks from you. Congrats on that. Yeah, I said, you know, on the show, Indian Timothy Shaima, you know, he goes on game day and just goes in crushes. It disappears. I feel like that was my role on, on The Ringer Wise guys this year. I mean re respectfully, everybody loves winners. We love having Sheila on. She comes on, all he does is give out winners. But re respectfully, if you're picking one thing a week, like some of these winners were Deshaun Watson unders like, okay, AJ Brown on, on, you know, catches the week after he complained he bitch like, oh, is AJ Brown gotta get yes again, we love winners.


Winner shield love is what success looks like. Success, success comes with a backlash. You're feeling the backlash now. Minus one 10 or better. Listen, that's all I look at. And then I go with the pick. I'm retiring on top. Thank you. Can we go right to the Eagles Rams game? We're gonna break down all four games. Sheila is a, is a Philly student. You can see him on The Ringer Philly specialist sometimes. So I did the playoff manifesto and I'm gonna read all the rules in a second. The playoff manifesto goes back to the late nineties. I've been honing it, cultivating it, working it, adding rules, taking out rules. Eagles Rams has more manifesto rules attached to it than any playoff game I can ever remember.


Wow. It has red flags. It has come hitter. This is good. It is all over the map, which is what I could imagine you're probably feeling with this Eagles game. Right? I actually feel like they're gonna win pretty handily my in this game. Oh my God. Yeah, I'm, and I'm not usually like that. I've been on the, on the fence. I wasn't sure about that Packers game. I feel pretty confident that the Eagles are gonna win this game. So I need to hear the, the violations they have going in. So we gotta go through the manifesto before we do house. You're leaning eagles, you're Eagles ish too for this game, correct? I'm, I'm beyond Eagles ish. I'm, I'm full on Eagle hump. I mean, it's Goldbergs go.


I, I I think that this is a terrible spot for the Rams. I think that the Eagles have advantages on both sides of the, the, the line, both defensive line and offensive line. It's like we're playing in the, in the freezing effing cold and, And I know the team that has the better lines. Let's, let's, let's go, let's, let's go get a w 35 degrees, maybe worse rain and snow, potentially. Matthew Stafford coming from LA I, I'll go through some of the manifesto rules. 'cause it, it really is eye-opening. Rule number one, beware of the looked a little too good the previous playoff round team. That can be more Ramsey. Rule number three, beware of the Nobody Believes in Us team, but don't try to talk yourself into one either.


I think the Rams are trying to, there's a, nobody believes in this case, rule number four, a sad one, but beware of any team that might use a major off field distraction as a galvanizing force leading up to a game. We saw that last week, the Rams all the, all the terrible stuff in la It really seemed like it affected them in the game positively. Rule number six, never pick an underdog unless you genuinely believe that it has a chance to win. I'm gonna stop there before I keep going with the rules. Do the Rams genuinely have a chance to win? Sheila? I don't think they have a great chance. The, the Eagles have not lost a game that Ja and her test started and finished since September 29th, week four.


Wow. We've gone through this whole season where you're watching 'em, you're going this passing the game kind of sucks sometimes every drop back is resulting in a sack or a throwaway and then their talent usually just overwhelms the opponent. There's one play by AJ Brown or Saquon Barkley, or last week it's Dallas Godard or Devonte Smith. It's like they don't have to be efficient down to down. And then what Hal said, they've got probably the best offensive line in football. So I add all those things up and with, as conservatively as Jalen Hertz is playing right now, for better or worse, they're not a team who's gonna like give the game away. So every team always has a chance. We know that. But when you read that one out loud, that that really rang true to me.


House is Sam Donald does it. Sure. He's living in your attic right now. I mean, he's welcome and by the way, he's still gonna get a, a great contract. It's not going to be the massive contract, but still, I mean a couple years, 25 million bucks you could do worse. I mean, c congratulations to him. What, what was his best hope for outcome when he took the ball on first down, the first play of, of this season? I mean, I think if you told him how about another couple years and 25 million bucks, are you good with that? I think he might've said yes. Unfortunately it was the sports movie for him where the final scene was him, his teammates lifting him up after the Packers game and going nuts. And the movie should have just ended, but there was 20 minutes to go in the movie and he got his ass kicked against the line by the wines and the, and the, and last week against the Ramps Shield.


Were you su we didn't talk about this on the pot, at least with you. Were you surprised that Donald cratered like that? Because he rope me in, he rope me in he rope salad. Did he rope you in? He kind of half roped you in Red House Donald. Well, Sure, sure. He, he a a a little bit. I mean, the thing that we couldn't divine on our own, it just revealed itself is that that offensive line for the Vikings suffered injuries on the left side that created some, some mismatches for both Detroit and for the Rams. And he couldn't That's what, Yeah, He couldn't, there was no, he held the ball too long. He froze. He went back to his old DNA. But why Didn't that happen against Green Bay sh Shale?


What happened? Yeah, I, I mean I wrote on, on The Ringer in like week 14, I had this piece that said the Vikings can't make the Daniel Jones mistake with Sam darn. And in the next three weeks he was awesome. And I'm like, shoot, I might've screwed that one up. And I think if you zoom out, I think part of it's what how said, I think part of it is we probably overrated that Vikings passing game. I mean, in the regular season they were 14th in passing DVOA they were like statistically in, in the mediocre range. And then they had these two games where you have some protection issues and a lot of what they did was based on the explosive passing game. And if he's holding onto the football and that's taken away, the run game was re never really that efficient. They weren't that methodical. So yeah, I got roped back in.


I thought they were gonna win that game. I thought that Lion's game was kind of a blip on the radar and they were trending in the right direction. But it was kind of two games in a row where, you know, the, the ghost of Sam Donald came back a little bit. I stayed at the craps table too long with Sam Darn and with the, with the Steelers heading into December. Just should have taken my chips, gone with house to get some food, some 2:00 AM pizza and just would've been super happy with it. Hey House, when he said the the Daniel Jones mistake, which I think is a great way to frame it. That's basically been the philosophy of the Washington Wizards for the last 40 years, right? The Dana Jones mistake.


This guy showed some hope. Here's a lot of money. Oh shit, we shouldn't have done that, Are we? Why? Why is there wizards violence on this football podcast Talking about, I didn't know if that resonated. He Cares about the Wizards. I I thought maybe it was DI didn't know if Daniel Jones was the guy starting for the Sixers tomorrow night. 'cause none of their guys play. So I I was a little confused there. I'm glad you took the shot at the Wizards. Not the Sixers. Thank you. Well, well you know and indeed he'll be back eventually when there's not four really tough games in five. When do you play Charlotte? And Beat's gonna be back for that one. Circle it. He's beat's got Charlotte circled. Is there a Toronto game? Oh, I'll play against Toronto. That's great. All right. More manifest worlds. We're not even done with this game. Beware of all dome teams playing outdoors, especially in cold weather.


Yikes. Rule number eight, beware of any and all aging QBs in cold weather unless they drink half their body weight and water and like 40 things Tom Brady did. Rule number 15, this is working against the Eagle Shield. Okay, Make sure the team with the home field advantage actually has a home field advantage. Philly's in that weird zone, the fans, they get fickle really fast, they get upset really fast. There's an ornery vibe in that stadium. Does that, do you feel that changes this week with the snow and the rain? Or does it get worse? Yeah, I was in the stands those early two thousands when they had the McNabb teams and they were favorites against the Bucks and the Panthers and the fan base was so confident going into those games and then you saw what happened.


So really it comes down to early in the game if you have a few three an ounce, no it doesn't change. This is in our DNA. Yeah this is what it's going to be like. But I think there's also a, a possibility that Saquon Barkley has a 35 yard run in the first quarter and all of a sudden the place is going bonkers and they don't actually have to worry about that. But yes, to answer your question, it could go either way. If they get off to a slow start, It's the only out of the four home games house. It's the only crowd that I feel like you might be able to take out in the first quarter. I don't feel like you're taking out Buffalo. Casey's been there too many times. Detroit's gonna be a madhouse. I don't feel like that crowd's gonna get nervous, but I feel like you can get to the Philly crowd 'cause there's that model of the Eagles that first quarter, 39 seconds of play.


It's just feel, it just feels clumsy and discombobulated. It's zero zero after the first quarter, don't you think House like there's world, well that's World's in the script all season. They're among the bottom teams in the NFL in terms of scoring in the first quarter. So they're not coming out and instilling confidence. They're not coming out and kicking ass. Now they did score a touchdown within the first three minutes of the first quarter of this most recent game. But that's because of, you know, the the, the bogus bumble that happened and that was the only touchdown of the first half. And so like if you want to be frustrated with the Eagles getting going, I think, I hope I don't know the good people of Philadelphia having seen Hertz get his the rust off a little bit.


Yeah, with that Green Bay game, they'll be patient and understand the best way for the Eagles to win this football game is to just run the football down the Ram's throat and do it. Do it and do it. And it may take a little while to get the the battering in place that that is their, their pathway. But Philly doesn't really strike me as a place as that has a lot of patience. The Only thing I didn't believe about everything you just said is when you said the good people of Philadelphia, you don't like Philadelphia. Are you kidding? Wow. You don't buddy. You don't like Philadelphia. You don't Philadelphia, here's the thing, you're From Washington, why would you like Philadelphia? Over years, over the years I've softened because of two things. There is incredible golf, super underrated golf in the Philadelphia area. I got to play Marion.


Yeah, last year. Marvelous. But yes, the food in Philadelphia again, crazy underrated. The food in Philadelphia, this we should go to. I did a Philadelphia food tour with Chris Ryan I know five or six years ago on the House of Carbs because, and the scene just keeps getting better and better. So I have my soft spots for Philadelphia. Yeah, so it's basically just all selfish food and golf. The two things you care about. Hello. So that's how to win over Joe House. Chill. You agree with the food, food scene? Yeah. I want in on all of this house next time you come Marian is about 15 minutes that way. Hey, I'm pointing here. And then, you know, obviously house eating, I mean whether I'm observing or participating, hearing About You're participating.


Yeah. Come on. Over a decade. I've been hearing about the legend. So I wanna On that it starts on participating and then it turns into observing after at about the 45 minute mark when everyone else is finished and the house is still eating somehow guilty, Guilty is charged. Two more rules. Take one last look at the quarterbacks. And remember there's plenty of time to bid against any QB or coach. This is specifically a Hertz question, so I know is Hertz, what does he command on your tech, on your Eagle's text thread shield? How much of the conversation is what's up with Hertz? Like 40%, 20%? What is it? Yeah, it it, it's probably, it might be over 50% and the conversation has been, wow, is it Hertz or is the coaching terrible because you'll be looking at the film and all that and everyone's pointing out no one's open and they're running the same play seven times in a game.


And it's like, what are they doing? And then you watch some of these other offenses and they're beautiful and guys are getting schemed wide open. So that's the big argument right now. In addition to can this team win the Super Bowl? You know how Yeah. How, how Philadelphia is Well the, The defense you have. Yeah, the defense is awesome. Everybody's happy with the defense. Everybody's happy with the offensive line. Ev Saquon Barkley might have the highest approval rating of any Philadelphia athlete right now. Oh wow. And he is only been there for a year. Who, Who's this competition for that? Bryce Harper? No, how about this? Nobody on the Sixers? No. Max Maxie Max. Everybody, everybody still loves Maxie. So Maxie is on there. Whatever Bryce Harper is there. Bryce and then it Yeah, but I, I think Saquon Barclay's only been there for a year, but I said it's the best offensive season for a Philadelphia eagle since I've been alive.


And, And I think that's true. Wow. And, and so I think yeah, he, he's kind of taken over the fan base that, Is there any explanation for the, the, the weird pace of the Eagle's offense and the lack of unpredictability and just how there's a sameness to every drive. There's a methodical nature to it and they never zag, they never keep you on your toes. Why do they do it that way? I don I just don't understand it as a football fan. I think Sirianni has this like Bobby Knight saying in his office that's like the, the team that makes the fewer mistakes wins or, or you what whatever, whatever the quote is. That's how they play. Like if you watch this last game, they are running the ball on every third and long.


Yeah. They're, they're being conservative on fourth down. If Jalen Hurtz has an opportunity to throw the ball to AJ Brown and he's not sure this year he is just tucking the football, throwing it away and running. And so everything they do is kind of like, Hey, our defense is awesome. Saquon's gonna break one eventually, let's not give the game away. And so I think that ing that's Why it looks like that. So like just safe as few plays as possible. Yeah, it's, we'll keep the clock moving. Do you agree with that? Has I I kind of do. It does fit the, you know, the personnel that, that the Eagles have, we did think that that Kellen Winslow was gonna come in as a whizzbang guy and, and really show, you know, so open up that offense in a way that who was the poor guy that got run out of town last year?


Brian Johnson. Yeah, yeah, Yeah, yeah. There, there was a, a lot of dis bad taste left in the mouth from the Ron Johnson experiment and Brian Johnson, All of them, all the Johnsons, anyone named Johnson. Ben Johnson in the mouth. That's all I could say. Possible new rule. This is not in the manifesto. I'm just gonna throw it out here. It's a possibility. Possible new rule. Beware of any home playoff favorite with a frustrated fan base that might kind of hate the team coach and or qb. Yeah, I don't think they're there. I act, I think they like the team a lot because the defense. Okay, good. I'm checking. This is alright. Yeah, they like the team a lot.


It's probably split on Hertz and it's probably split on Sirianni I would say. So for the lean for a million dollar picks, I think House And I, we were talking about it earlier. I I, if I had to bet it straight up, I would take the Eagles And I think the Rams won their game. I think everyone, the the biggest manifesto rule is where the team that looked too good last week. I think they fit, I like them more on a tease or a parlay though. And I think that's the play with them. And if, you know, if they screw us, they screw us. But I think that's the way to go. You are you safe with that shield? Yeah, I mean this would be this, this would go down as one of the darker upsets at home. And now there have been some of those in Phil in recent Philadelphia sports memory.


I I think there justifiably six and a half point favorites in this game. I would be, they could lose, but I would, I would be surprised if they lost this game And how you're on board with that. Yeah, I I mean I think the Eagles are gonna win. I don't mind laying the six and a half, but if you want to tease them from six and a half down to a half and just have them, you know, win outright. I'm not gonna argue with you. Let's do chiefs Texans really quick. Chiefs minus eight and a half over the Texans. I I still feel like if they call the intentional grounding on Stroud or if that fumble shotgun that goes over his head bounces to the left and the chargers are up 13, nothing that game's probably over. It was like it gave Stroud the superpower.


I wasn't really impressed with either of those teams. Meanwhile he got Casey three wins from a threepeat. Andy Re could have 29 playoff wins by mid-February. Mahomes could be 18 and three in the playoffs by mid-February. They're plus three 50 for the Super Bowl, which seems high because I think, I clearly think they're gonna win this game. And now you're just, you basically have plus three 50 for two games. The the one that jumped out to me though, this was in Unds column about how Casey has failed to cover every seven plus spread this season. Yeah. Oh and seven even though they won all of those game shield. So this looks like the classic, just put them in a tease parlay because this is just what they do.


They win by seven, they win by four, they win by three. And yet I like how the chiefs look lately this the best version of them we've seen this year. Could this be a little bit of a breakout party for them? Where you, where are you leaning? Yeah, Deb Buno scared me with that one too in, in his column. But I feel the same way. I, I feel like the chiefs have a lot of things going for them in this game. Like the way they wanna play is get the ball out quickly, methodical drives downfield and that's the way you wanna play against a team that has a great pass rush with the Houston Texans. So this isn't gonna be like a new thing for them where they gotta play left-handed or whatever. That's how they wanna play. And to your point, that's how they were playing down the stretch of the season where it was just long, methodical drives the ball's not hitting the ground.


Mahomes short completions go down the field. So I like him offensively there. And then defensively, CJ Stroud is 29th against the blitz this year. When you look at all the efficiency numbers, I like to look at Chief Blitz at the fifth highest rate in the NFL. So I'm with you. I didn't watch that Texans game last week. I wasn't like, wow, I feel differently about their offense. This was the worst offense of any team that made the playoffs by DVOA. And so I think they're gonna have issues offensively. I think there's a chance they could ugly up the game a little bit with their defense in their pass rush. But I like the chiefs, but I think you're right. If it is a slow game, maybe maybe a bump the Chiefs down and do do a teaser. So Chiefs eighth, run eighth against the run, fourth QB hits six QB hurries 11th tackles behind the line of scrimmage house.


There's a, there's a random non nerd sports hack talk case with Mahomes where it's been Lamar and Josh for three, four weeks here and Mahomes is kind of shoved to the side. He's like old guy Mahomes, even though he was like 27, 28. But it's like, oh yeah and Patrick Mahomes. But the, all the hype with this Lamar versus Josh and everyone talking about them the whole year and the Ravens and they're the best team and it's just fucking fuel for the we, everything we know about Mahomes, this is absolute fuel for this dude. And I wonder if this is, he pulls it out this week house And I love this and He waves around and he does the lasso and he is like, this is the first game of the weekend.


Hey by the way, I'm Patrick Mahomes and he just does 17 Mahomes things and reminds us how great he is. Well part of what is gonna facilitate that is the health, the restored health for Kansas City, really on both sides of the ball, but definitely on on offense. All of their weapons will be available. One of my very favorite bets on the FanDuel sports book is Mi Patrick Mahomes over one and a half passing touchdowns. I it was like minus 1 44. I have no issue whatsoever with laying it and I'll probably parlay that with Kansas City to win outright. That's fine. I love the, the, the narrative aspect of this that you're describing bs, which is we're going into a weekend where everybody is absolutely appropriately fantasizing about what's gonna come between Josh Allen and, and and, and Lamar Jackson and Patrick Mahomes.


And the first game of the weekend is like, y'all I'm still here. I'm right here. I'm, yeah, I'm Right here. I'm going for a three-peat guys. Hey I'm right, I'm Right here. Yeah, Winner still has to go through me. I just, I think those certain guys are like, Brady was always wired like this and he's talked about it pretty openly. Like, these guys take everything personally. They take every slate, they notice everything, they pretend they don't, but they do shield. Does this add up to you at all? This could be an, an FU performance from Mahomes. Yeah, absolutely. It could be an fu playoff front. I mean they are well positioned. They are monster favorites at home and then they're gonna get to face whichever team lost that Ravens Bills battle and then they're, which would be a battle. Yeah. And then they're potentially in the Super Bowl. So absolutely from the narrative stand not getting mentioned with, you know, all pro MVP, all those conversations that happen this time of year and all they are are the one seed in the a FC going for a three piece.


So one bet and, and this is something we saw last week with the quarterbacks, that you don't want them to run during the first 18 weeks of the season. But when we get to the playoffs, you start using your legs more. And this has been Wheat House. We've cashed in on this with Mahomes so many times. Like he's, it's basically even odds, 25 plus yards this week against Houston. We know he does this in the playoffs. In the playoffs. He starts moving around more, taking more chances using his legs. So, you know, I thought last week I was mad that I didn't think of that with, with Lamar it was so obvious that of of course they were gonna do that. Of course he was gonna use his legs like that with the Texans, their D-line really good.


That's the one like their ends can, can put some pressure on. And I, the chief's tackles make me nervous and as I play the game outta my head shield, that's the one thing I keep coming back to is like, let's say this is just one of those weird classic ugly first half chief playoff games. They're putting pressure on Mahomes, they get the one long Nico Collins pass chiefs guy fumbles a punt and all of a sudden it's like ten seven Texans at halftime. We're like, what the hell's going on? I mean, my tease is in danger, what's happening? I don't see another scenario other than that. Is there anything else we're not thinking of? No, that's the biggest thing. Their pressure against those tackles is one, two is the chiefs are 30th and explosive plays the o the only teams that that create explosive plays at a, at a lower rate than them have been the Raiders and the Browns.


So they are gonna have to work at it. And if you kind of shrink the game and all of a sudden you have a weird fumble or a weird penalty and ugly it up that way, then maybe the Texans have an opportunity here. The other thing is, if you still believe in CJ s Strout and feel like the season has it, I still like him. I don't like him here in this spot. Like if you asked me if we're doing a pod in August and how do I think he's gonna perform, I think he's gonna bounce back next year. I don't think he has it this year, but if you think he does have it this year and he comes in and has him and Nico Collins combined for like you said, 160 yards maybe that keeps him in it. I don't see it with their offensive scheme, their offensive line. I think he's gonna have a tough day. He's an unusual quarterback because during the same game it can feel like he lost his confidence and then he completely gained it back and is like, has swagger and it's all happening over the course of three hours.


And you saw it happen last week, the playoff manifestos for this one. This is a big one. Rule number six, never pick an underdog unless you genuinely believe it has a chance to win. And this has been something that's been really helpful over the years. And if, look, if you bet if you pick KC minus eight and a half and they don't cover the odds of threading that needle between the higher number and them winning, like, you know, we call it, I, I'm just, I just wanna pick winners and not worry about the lion. So maybe a little bit less on that, but I don't think Houston has a chance to win. I don't think they're good enough. So that's one beware of all dome teams playing outdoors, especially in cold weather. Boom, Texans, there's a beware of any team that reminds you of the 2007 Giants rule.


I I just wanna, I don't think the Texans remind me of the 2007 Giants, but I just wanted to talk it out. There's a couple similarities, right? Mix and running the ball, kind of a younger erratic up and down quarterback like Eli 2007, a good pass rush, a really good coach. There's elements but I'm not willing to go there Sheila. You agree? I don't think so. Yeah, that, that would shock me. House The mix in thing especially is, is is a stretch. Like he, he only runs well against teams that, that are, you know, that permit it and that the game script, like he had 60 of his a hundred yards on the last drive of the game to where Houston really closed out that game. Yeah. Otherwise his, he, he had a a a a like a very average day and that's really been the story of Joe Mixon this entire season.


Like they, they came out with an offense that looks super formidable when everybody was healthy. I thought, oh this is the version of Houston that's gonna win this division and maybe win 12 games or something and really be a threat. And then they had the injuries and their offensive line never was up to the task. And that's the problem with mixing. They're just not, you can't establish the run with, with with the offensive line that they have and they ain't establishing the run against the chiefs. I'll tell you that much right now. Rule number 16 is, take one last look at the quarterbacks, it's Mahomes verse Stroud Mahomes has lost three times. He lost the D Ford game to Brady his first year as a starter where if D Froward doesn't say it's one of the great breaks in the history of Boston sports D Ford jumping offside, you have that, you have him get his ass kicked by the, by Tampa in the Super Bowl where you know there's real reasons for that.


Tampa's defense was great. They were able to pressure him the whole game. It was a, it was a little bit of a goofy Casey season. So that was the second one and the third one was the game house. And I lost incredible amounts of money on when the Bengals beat the Chiefs where Mahomes got concussed at the end of the second quarter and they pretended he wasn't. But something happened and he was never the same the rest of the game. My point is it's very unusual for Patrick Mahomes to lose in the playoffs And I feel pretty safe about putting money on him against the Houston Texans guys. Yeah, agreed. I think we're unanimous. Okay, great. We're gonna take a break and hit the other two games.


The Bill Simmons Podcast is brought to you by FanDuel from first whistle to final drive, FanDuel takes the NFL playoffs to the next level. Right now new customers can be $5 and get 300 bucks in bonus bets if you win. That's $300 of bonus bets if you win your first $5 bet. The Fandel app gives you everything you need for live bets. Same game parlay so much more. Plus when you win you'll get paid instantly. We're ripping through million dollar picks at the end of this podcast. I like round two. We have some good props as well. So stay tuned for that. Visit FanDuel dot com slash bs to join today. Get started with $300 of bonus bets. Again FanDuel dot com slash bs. You can go check out The Ringer specials as well on the NFL page. Make this playoff season unforgettable with FanDuel and official sportsbook. Partner of the L musts. Be 21 plus in President select states or 18 plus in president DC. First online real money wage are only five first deposit required bonus issued as non withable bonus bets, which expires seven days after receipt. Restrictions by seat terms at sportsbook dot FanDuel dot com Game problem call 100 gambler or visit rg-help.com.


This episode is brought to you by Nissan. When you're younger you're more spontaneous. You say screw it, I'm just gonna drive cross country with my buddy and we'll stop at a bunch of places and take pictures. You get older, you would never do something like that. Keep your spontaneity my friends. Fuel your inner adventure with the first ever Nissan Rogue Rock Creek. From rocky trails to snowy roads. There are plenty of places to show up this SUV thanks to its Intelligent all wheel drive, its adventure ready design gives it a rugged flare that stands out off adventure calls of the first ever Nissan Rogue Rock Creek. Visit Nissan usa.com to learn more Intelligent all wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


This episode is brought to you by LinkedIn in basketball Blockbuster trade can make or break your playoff run before the deadline. GMs across the league scour for the right data and insights. Hope their moves pay off. February 6th trade deadline this year by the way, just like in basketball, growing your small business in 2025 all comes down to how well you can build your team. That starts with better insights from LinkedIn with unique skills and interests to the connections you have in common. LinkedIn has the strongest hiring data and insights to help you identify the right professionals so you can make the best hiring decisions. LinkedIn pairs you with the high quality candidates you need to make your business grow and flourish. LinkedIn also lets you go beyond candidates who are actively applying in a given week. 171 million LinkedIn members aren't actively seeking jobs but they're open to new opportunities who isn't? That's a big pool of people you don't wanna miss out on. And who knows, one of them could be your next all star player. So hire smarter in the new year, find your next grade. Hire on LinkedIn. Post your job for free at LinkedIn dot com slash simmons. Once again LinkedIn dot com slash Simmons to post your job for free terms and conditions apply.


Alright, our third game, the Lions against the Washington C Words, the beloved team of Joe House. So here are the rookie quarterbacks that have made the conference title game house, the true rookies, rock purdy, Mark Sanchez, Joe Flacco, Ben Roethlisberger, Sean King Daniels at is the most talented of all of those guys. His team needs him the most out of all of those guys.


And I'm just pointing that out because it so Brady first year as a starter made the Super Bowl Mahomes first year as a starter, almost made the Super Bowl. So if you think he's on that class, maybe that's a better comparison. Does Daniels have it in him to win two playoff games and drag this team to the conference title game? Are you asking me that question? I am. Hell no. And it's not, it doesn't have anything to do with Jayden Daniels. He doesn't get to play defense. I mean, the problem isn't that, that the offense, they will have a great game plan and they will do their best to shrink the game. They will try and have long drives. They'll try and have, they'll, they'll try and replicate what they did against Tampa in that game.


Both teams had exactly seven possessions. That's the best way for Washington to have a chance. Mm. They go, they, they they, every possession is a four down possession. There's no such thing as three downs and punt with Washington unless, you know, they're, they're That's like fourth and nine or something. Yeah. And, and on the very much on the wrong side of, of, of the field. That's exactly right. But, but he, Jayden Daniels can't control the, the defense and the defense, God bless him. It's been Ben don't break all season long. They've put that offense in position to go win six consecutive last possession games. The last possession of the game for Washington. They've won. That is, it's an absolute miracle. And Jade Daniels is, has been a tremendous tre like you the hyperbole for, for his performance.


You know, I, I can't overstate how much he he's done to transform this franchise, but he doesn't play defense. So it's not, it's not up to him. So everything house laid just laid out. She, this is why I, I'm not betting it 'cause I always lose on over unders, but the over under seems so high to me. It's 55 and a half. The lions I think are 33 and a half the over under for their total points on FanDuel. And I agree with house. I think Washington's gonna try to have these long ass drives and try to keep it to seven possessions on each side. And that's it. Why does everybody think this is gonna be a shootout? Yeah, I I'm I'm with you. I'm with House. House. Nailed it. Like an average NFL game. You get 11 possessions in a game.


And so everything about this commander's game plan has to be lean into the variance, like house was saying, if it's only seven possessions and now Jared Goff has a past deflected at the line of scrimmage Right. That somebody comes down with, it gives Fumbles Yeah. Reported And it has a bigger impact. Exactly. And that's how the commanders wanna play. Methodical, long drives, run the football complete passes at a very high rate. So they've got that in them. And then the same thing about the fourth down stuff. Like if they're in the red zone, if they're on the, you know, past midfield, they need to be aggressive. A fake punt here and there. Like when you're an underdog of, of this magnitude and you're facing an offense in such a mismatch with the lion's offense against your defense.


I think that's how you have to play. So I don't, I would not go against Jade and Daniels in a big spot. I mean, I don't know that there's another quarterback in the NFC that you say, Hey, if you take the lions here minus eight and a half and it's whatever, a a three point game, a five point game in the fourth quarter and the commanders have fourth and six. Like I wanna be on the Jade and Daniel side on that because he is come through o you know, over and over and over again. And there's a couple schematic things here. I mean we know how the Lions play man coverage and they wanna blitz Jaden Daniels very good against man coverage 'cause he can use his legs and he has killed the blitz this year. Yeah. Like all, all those rookie quarterbacks you named as you were reeling him off. I'm like, that guy had a great team.


That guy had a great team. That guy like Jaden Daniels doesn't have a great team. He's putting the team on his back and yeah, so I, I took the commanders with the points just when I pick every game. So I, I don't like being on the other side of that guy Also in a dome against a not that good defense. It doesn't seem like the crowd's gonna bother him 'cause it doesn't seem like anything bothers him. And the amazing thing is how much they fucking trust him house. Like some of the, some of the things they were asking him to do in the second half, it was like, he's like 32 years old that that little lob screen pass, that was one of the key plays of the game. Yeah. That adds a, I mean, nine things can go wrong in that play, but they trusted him And it just seems like over and over again he has the wherewithal to know what to do in the right spots.


He's really exciting. I think the line's too high. I I'm not gonna put like a ton of money in Washington or anything, but I I, you know, I was looking at the alt line of Washington plus four and a half as plus 180 2 on Fando that I think this could be a close game. It reminds me of some of the games last year when we had, you know, green Bay as a, as a big underdog. We had Tampa as a big underdog with the Rams or an underdog one point. Like I I think they can score And I think even if they're down 14 plus they can make, you know, get a cheap touchdown down the stretch. I just thought, yeah, I think the line's too high So that, that's the, the case, right? Nine and a half is a big number when you have a quarterback on the other side, like Jayden, Daniels and Washington will play this entire game all the way out, right?


There's no, they're not gonna do an L fold here. Right. And so even if the Detroit's up 17 points with six minutes left and Washington gets the ball and goes down, they'll, they could score a touchdown and get a two point conversion and you lose your bet because they, they take it from 17 down to nine and you've lost the nine and a half point cover. It's a great tease candidate. I mean the, the, the thing with Detroit that I really believe is going to be the, the big swing here is they're gonna establish the run. Yeah. If David Montgomery is back and is, you know, in in full force, they're gonna establish the run and just run the football down Washington's throat And it, they they might get explosive with it.


Like they might, 'cause if Jamir gets, gets outside, he gets going. It just could be a couple quick scores. That's my fear. Like you just, I always write down all the different stats and see how the teams match up in the offense. First defense. And you just see that Washington defense 30th against the run Detroit six with the run and that was without Montgomery the last couple weeks. And there the fear would be Detroit just rushing, you know, 49 carries for 270 yards. One of those games manifesto rules. But wherever that nobody believes in us team is Washington or nobody believes in US Team house. 'cause it seems like there's belief. I think there's belief, I mean certainly here Yeah. In, in Washington. And I think, you know, Jane Daniels, this is part of the joy of being a Washington fan.


He's captured the national imagination. Yeah. Because of of how of his stones. He has the biggest balls of, of any athlete in Washington that I can think of. I mean Ovy came in with with big balls, but then Sidney Crosby kicked his ass for a while. Ovie finally sort of got the, the Stanley Copper. He's, he's threatening the great ones record. And Bradley Beal. Bradley Beal was the other one that is God damnit. Let's just, let's, let's Move on. Well you're talking about Washington SARS with huge balls who came through in big moments. I, that was the other guy that jumped to mind for me. You got a bunch of pick swaps for him. You're a dick. Two more manifesto rules.


Never pick an underdog unless you genuinely believe it has a chance to win. I don't necessarily think Washington's gonna win, but I also don't really believe in that Detroit defense either. And part of the calculus when you think about we're back in on Detroit partly because their defense looks so good against Minnesota and then the Rams who were 26 at DVOA also looked awesome against Minnesota and some Sheila where, where do we stand on the Detroit defense right now for what we know Yeah. With you guys, guys coming back, all that stuff. Yeah, I mean you look at the stats and stuff and they're what top five in DVOA and they're, they got some guys back and they've, they hung in there and they had a great game plan against the Vikings. But I'm sort of with you, I wanna see a little bit more.


When we saw the Rams do that to the Vikings, I had the same thought. Like, alright, let me rethink what I think about that Lion's defense. So I don't know, I I I think the Lions, I picked them to win the Super Bowl before the postseason began. I still think they're gonna win this game. But if you told me, Hey, which of these big dogs is going to actually win this weekend? Commanders Rams or Texans. I'm riding with Jaden Daniels out out of those three. I think I agree with that house. Yeah. And I'm not just saying that 'cause you're here. I love it. No, I I love it. And, and and the case, the, that's the best case right? Is is that Jaden, Daniels and Washington controlling the ball on offense, they play defense by playing great efficient offense and, and that's their best opportunity. Ha Is it possible for you to talk about the resurgence of Washington football over the last 12 months without breaking into tears?


I mean, it, it tears were we're beyond tears. Like this is it the, what it's done to for, for my libido, for my love life. It's just been unbelievable. It's like a Viagra. It's better than that. I'll tell you what, it's better than that. It's me. So Washington ultimately is a football town and this brought it back. Yes. After Dan Snyder basically injected medicine into everybody's bodies to put them into a medical coma the entire time he was an owner. It was worse than that. And, and Danny Heifetz of The Ringer a great story on The Ringer dot com about the return of Washington as a, as a place where good football can happen. We have this legacy, this unbelievable, you know, 20 years of success that, that a a bad owner came in and ruined.


He he ruined it for, for three generations almost. Yeah. Like there are people in in my life who are like, this is our first playoff win. You know? Right. There are, there are young folks here who never saw any of, of the old glory days with Joe Gibbs and, and, and you know, the, the high flying Washington attack and it's just a, you know, this city now you guys are back is for sure a football city. It's back. It's back. Yes. Sh Sheila, when I met House in 1988 and we, we went to college together for you were a year ahead of me, but 88, 90, 88, 8, 9, 90, 91. And the, the Washington was like, they were probably the team. They were the most, they, there was a bunch of successful teams in the eighties, but they were the most consistently successful over like a 12 year span all the way through the ripping Super Bowl.


And that's how I, I knew you as this Confident football fan and then I gradually watched it get beaten out of you. Well it ha it coincided with the, the Patriots getting good and Tom Brady. Think about how bad that was for me. Well we Both, we both sucked in the nineties and then it went back. But is it, Sheila, is it weird for you that Washington has hope again because you, you've probably kind of given up on them as an Eagles fan? Yeah, when I, when I was first following the Eagles, it was those teams you're, you're mentioning and they were better than the Eagles and there has been this long run, I mean the Giants have been one of the worst teams in the NFL the last decade. The commanders have been hopeless. Now it's flipping a little bit. I will say, you know this, a lot of love there for Josh Harris. I mean, if Josh Harris wants to buy the Wizards and give up the Sixers and just be a full-time DC guy, I think that would be okay with that.


Know the people's Big franchise trade. Yeah. Billy Hates Josh Harris. Yes. The Sixers that they, they he, they are so out on him as the Sixers owner. I hear it all the time from my Philly people. It's funny that you could be good at owning one team and then bad at owning the other team. Yes. But it, but it's basically like, you would think it was something in the same skill. Skillset. All right, so we're gonna lean toward, so Lions and a parlay or tees. We're all good with that. Yes. And then maybe, maybe a little hedge wash in bet like a little tiny one house. Just Little You can do it. I'm not participating in it. Sprinkle You do it. You do it, you do it. All right. The big Kahuna Ravens bills, which flipped it was Bills minus one and a half and now it's Ravens minus one half as predicted on this podcast with Sal on Sunday.


There's so many ways to go with this and a couple people have brought up versions of this, but I feel like I've been alive long enough that I, I've seen a lot of these like people throw in like the great QB matchups and they, they just grab two people who are really good to me it's different than a great QB matchup. It's a point of the career QB matchup, which I think is completely different and a lot more special. Right. So I wrote down like when we were in college, Montana and Elway played in the Super Bowl And it was really meaningful. Elway felt like this one man band Montana had a chance to be like the greatest ever. And it was like, who's winning this? And just that moment felt important.


Elway Fav was really fun. Elway had already won. Fav was kind of the next Elway elway's trying to go back to back favs like the next guy. That was like a QB moment. Oh six. Some people would say oh 3 0 4. But Brady wasn't Brady really until oh six. I don't personally think oh six. He had nobody. The cults were the team. He goes in there in Indianapolis, it's Brady v Manning. Manning's never beaten him in a big game. Manning comes back from 18. That was awesome. Brady v Russell Wilson. Would you put that in there for where we were with Russell Wilson in 2014 in the Super Bowl already winning a Super Bowl felt like he was heading toward Rogers. Is he not quite good enough?


She, I, I think not quite good enough. That was still the defense I feel like with the identity of that team. Ha, you agree? Totally Agree with that. Yes. All right, we'll cross off them. 2018 Brady versus Mahomes in KC A FC title game. And then same thing in 2020 when Brady was on the Bucks, that was the last time that Brady Mahomes was like the old, the old Wisen champion versus the new upstart. This Lamar Josh battle is so unusual because neither guy has won and they're at this awesome point in their career. Even like I mentioned, oh 6 98 Montana Elway, like one side had won this one. Neither guy has won and it's, they're competing against each other for the right to now have to then beat Patrick Mahomes.


Yeah, it's a really unusual game. Shale, can you remember any matchup quite like this in football? We've seen it in basketball, but not in football. No. This is be because of the legacies and they're both still young in their career. So I still think like there's gonna be a lot of narratives that come out of whichever quarterback loses and I'm probably gonna be the nerd being like relaxed like that, you know? Right. It wasn't all on that guy. Yeah. They're gonna get there eventually, but it's been the same conversation around both these guys really to a large degree. They're both among the top two or 3M VP candidates. Pretty much every year you have them on your team. They get offensive coordinators paid. They get other players paid. It's like they, they are the star of the show. And you can move Well, and they're one of ones too. There's, there's nobody like either style, either guy.


Yeah, exactly. So you have that as well. And so it's just a matter of time before one of 'em breaks through. I'm not saying either of 'em is ever gonna be there with Mahomes, but I think each of 'em is gonna have their year and who's it gonna be this year and who has the better supporting cast and who has the better chance. Like it all comes down to this matchup and how they play in this game House. I know how you feel about this game. This just seems like a terrible matchup for Buffalo. I just don't like the matchup. It's like a basketball team that's just going against an awesome center and doesn't have enough size to defend the center. Right. It's, it's like those three Shaq ears in the Lakers where they would just play whoever they play, the Sixers, the Nets.


There's, and you just felt like, man, they just, they're the size. I just think Baltimore has too much size for this Buffalo defense. I don't see a world where that Buffalo defense can win the game, which means Alan just has to be perfect and has to have one of the great moments of his career, I think, to beat them. You, you agree on the, this seems stacked for Baltimore angle, right? That, That's definitely my point of view. I mean the, the aspect of it that is so curious and what we'll see in this upcoming off season, I wonder aloud is it looks like a Baltimore had, has a defense that is well constructed to compete against Kansas City. I don't think that they could have anticipated what impact Derrick Henry would have on Baltimore.


And they don't have a defense. That is, they they're not big enough. They're, they're, they're, you're talking About Buffalo State fights? Yeah, yeah, yeah. Buffalo. But I'm sorry. Buffalo's front seven is just too light. They just can't, they can put everybody in the box and that is a terrible p predicament to put yourself into because Lamar really does have a next level of confidence the way that they ran their offense against Pittsburgh last week. They just ran this, this option play. Yeah. Again, it was like a pick and roll and the, and, and Pittsburgh had one kind of solution for it, but the, the the, just the, the confidence that Lamar demonstrated in his ability to have, make the right choice and just do it.


And he, he didn't break a sweat. He just was like, this is the way it, And I just think the way that that Baltimore will get off with Derrick Henry, we're gonna, he's gonna, they're gonna establish now, I don't think he's gonna run, have a 90 yard touchdown in the first touch like, like he did when these teams played in the regular season. But I do think they're gonna establish him And I do think he's gonna get his yards And it's gonna come early and then that Baltimore offense opens up and it's just a tough, you, I mean I, I'm rooting for a tremendous game, so I want to see the very best out of, out of Josh, but I just No, your Lover football, The field, the field is tilted in my, in my humble estimation, Sheila, I watch hard knocks 'cause they're doing the a FC North.


So I actually watched this week's episode and, And it had a lot of like behind the scenes stuff of before the game and during the game. And Lamar is just so fucking confident in all the stuff they captured. Like a, a confident, a way that I just don't remember seeing in the previous things. I think, I think they all know something. They have something special with this combo with the Lamar and Henry that it's just unusual. It's different. It stands out. It's hard to stop and they have a swagger to it. You could just kind of see it. And, and what was really interesting about it, they had Cam Hayward miked and near the end of the first half when the, when the Ravens got that last touchdown and the Steelers are on the field and he's like, we gotta try to strip the ball.


Like I I'm, I'm dead. Like I like they, they're wearing us down. We gotta like force a turnover. 'cause he knows he, he was like, they were like killing them. I just don't see why that wouldn't also happen to Buffalo's defense. So is there, what, what world does, does Buffalo win this game? Alright, let me make the case for the fine people of Western New York. Josh Allen. Yeah, let's go. I mean nar narrative what Josh Allen, this was supposed to be a reset year. They get rid of Stefan Diggs. Oh what? No one people are, people like me are picking the Jets to win the a FC East. All the guy does is like me too put his new cast of characters on his back every week they win that division going away and now he gets to the playoffs and he's an underdog at home.


He's healthy. He's one of the best quarterbacks we've seen in the last decade and his team is an underdog and everyone's pointing to that week four matchup. And the bills did not have either starting linebacker in that game did they did not have Taran Johnson, their nickel corner who might be one of their best players on defense. All those guys are back here. And by the way, people are forgetting that the Ravens probably are not gonna have their leading wide receiver in this game. Right. Z Flowers did not practice on Wednesday or Thursday. So you're looking at two evenly matched teams. One that is healthier, the other that is without its starting wide receiver. Yeah, that's, you don't have to be perfect.


You don't have to be perfect on defense. Yeah, right. Derrick Henry's gonna get yards. Lamar Jackson is gonna get yards. Can the bills match them? Possession for possession And can you get that one key turnover, that one key play on special team. So I see the path And Home field advantage home. Yeah. I see the path for Ravens blowout. You guys are right House made the great point that the bills are small upfront and now you have the one team that you do not wanna be small upfront against. And the Ravens could run for over 200, but I'm not counting up the, I I was basically gonna take whichever team was the dog here and just say, oh, I don get that. So I was just flipping a coin back and forth, changing my mind all week. But Josh Allen is a home dog like Josh Allen, Lamar Jackson, Patrick Mahomes, when these guys are home dogs, I'm just like, take 'em.


If you lose, I'll live with it. Two playoff manifesto rules. Rule number nine, severely discount anything that happened in the first five to weeks, six weeks of the season. Hmm. That's a good one. So That's a good one. And I I, when we go back to week four, week five, like guys are out. Like I I, it's just stupid. I I always discount that rule number 16, take one last look at the quarterbacks. Here's the difference. This isn't just Alan versus Lamar, it's Alan versus Lamar and Henry. Yeah. I like James Cook, he's good. The Henry thing is different and especially if they have a lead in the way they can keep it. I also feel like Baltimore's defense is just awesome against the run.


And we saw it again like for Pittsburgh it was just the all time worst case scenario matchup. So for Alan, I think to beat them, he's gonna have to do stuff with his legs. He's gonna have to use his different receivers. It's gonna be a lot of like moving the ball. 10, 11, 12 play drives. I just think the best team guys now we've been in the spot heading into round two and usually it doesn't work out with whoever we think that team is. Yeah, I think they're really good. I'm, I'm, and I'm always like a little slow. The catch is the playoff Lamar piece and the, and what's interesting about this matchup is the stakes for both guys, if one of them really fails in this spot, it's a, it's, it's, we talk about legacy a lot in sports, but like Lamar kind of needs this game.


Like if he loses this one now with the better team, then I then I think it opens up a conversation where cool, you're the regular season guy, but every year in January we see the same thing happen. You know, what are you doing wrong? Is it, when you talk about playoffs with quarterback shield, is that fair to hang the losses on them? Like we do semi fair a little bit fair. Where do you stand? This is where I feel like we swung too far in like the modern be fair to everyone type of sports analysis. Yeah, like when I was a kid, I remember watching like a local Philly sports shell and they took a pumpkin and like Michael Jordan hadn't been Michael Jordan yet and they took a bat and smashed this pumpkin and was like, Michael Jordan hasn't done anything.


He's selfish. Yeah. And, and I'm like, all right, that was crazy. But also now we're like, you, you can't like this past week, oh you can't criticize Justin Herbert or Sam Darn or Jordan Love. It's their offensive line. It's like alright that you can tell me a guy had a great regular season. You can show me the film from week 12 when the stakes are at their highest, how do they perform? And I agree that it alwa it hasn't been all on Lamar Jackson last year. Za Flowers, fumbles, like we should point that stuff out. But also when a quarterback doesn't play well in a big spot and they're in a certain year and it's not their first or second year in the NFLI think it is, it is fair to criticize 'em. So yeah, if these guys go up and down the field and they both play awesome and one of 'em loses, then no, I'm not gonna be like that guy can't win.


But if one of 'em comes out and lays an egg and turns the ball over more than they do in the regular season and their team loses, then we're allowed to, it's okay. We don't have to be like overly fair to some of these, some of these guys. I agree. I thought Justin and Herbert was reprehensible last week. Thank you. And it was fair to say so. I don't Feel like I criticized them enough. He sucked and Jordan Love sucked and said him. Donald sucked. They all sucked and looked at the quarterbacks. They went. CJ Stroud was excellent. J Jay Daniels was Excellent for, for an Hour and a half. Yeah, well enough to win the football game. Matthew Stafford was excellent. We're allowed to say that We're gonna take a break and come back and do million dollar p She you're gonna stay on, we'll do million dollar picks for round two.


This episode is brought to you by Pepcid Complete. We all know that one of the best parts of game day is the food on Sundays. Nephew Kyle comes over. Sometimes we'll get healthy, we'll get some salads. Sometimes we'll get a little ambitious. We'll get some sandwiches. It's always the best part of my food week. Well, until heartburn strikes then it's not as great. You get heartburn from time to time, gotta watch out. You don't wanna be rolling around in bed all night. Thankfully Pepcid complete starts to work instantly. It lasts all day. Just one great tasting chewable tablet provides dual action heartburn relief with an an acid that starts working instantly and an acid reducer that last all day. So second sandwich, that second Helping Salad not Harper. Visit pepcid.com to shop now all day based on eight hour symptom relief studies during the day use product only as directed.


This episode is brought to you by Peloton. Life's always changing one season, you're trying to break personal records and the next, you're just looking for a solid routine. Peloton is here for all of it with workouts that flex to fit your schedule. Whatever it looks like. You've got options from four week strength programs to running, cycling and everything in between. Pelotons got the tools to adapt to whatever goal you're chasing in this season of your life. And here's the real kicker with Pelotons All Access membership. You can work out wherever you need to at home on the bike tread or row or even on the go with the app. Take your favorite classes with you to the gym on the road, wherever. So whatever you're aiming for that 5:00 AM club or squeezing in a late night session, Peloton is ready. Whenever you are, find your push. Find your power with peloton@onepeloton.com.


This episode is brought to you by hookah. I've gotta talk to you guys about the Bondi nine. The new daily trainer from a hookah. The Bondi nine delivers peak plushness for everyday miles overhauled from top to bottom. They've increased the stack height and added a new premium foam midsole to deliver that soft resilient ride that's become synonymous with the Bondi. And look, I walk a lot, I walk all around LA You need good shoes for that. These are perfect everybody. Bondi visit hookah.com HO k.com to learn more about the Bondi nine.


Alright, million dollar picks round two. I'm gonna throw out some possible bets. Ravens minus one and a half. We talked about shield. Sounds like he is. You just like the dog. You don't feel like you're, you're just afraid of the game. It seems like I took the bills in my official picks but it was the coin flip. So yeah, don't let my opinion there change what you guys Think. I'm sticking with my Malcolm Gladwell blink test on that one. I just, I felt before I even knew what the line was, I was like, I just like the Ravens. I think it's a bad matchup for the bills. If the bills we're playing the chiefs, I'd feel better about it. I just don't like the Ravens bills. So we're probably gonna put something on Ravens minus one F. There's a couple parlay teaser options with chiefs. Eagles, lions on FanDuel.


We do a little eight point tees, even odds. Oh we could take the Eagles all the way to plus one and a half. I know, I know it infuriates Raheem to, but it's actually better odds than the money line parlay to do the eight point tees and to bring everything down. There's a seven point tees that's plus one 20 and there's a six point tees that's plus one 40. So you would have Baltimore, I'm not sorry, KC minus two and a half the Eagles minus two and a half. Oh no the Eagles even lions minus two and a half. So my, my instinct is the eight point tees and you just have to win the chiefs. You just have to win the lions and then you get the free point and a half in the Eagles game and that's even odds.


And who's gonna fuck us is my instinct. Yeah. Any, any alarms for either of you? I feel like if you lose that, you get to watch a Jaden Daniels classic playoff game. I think other than that you're safe. So it'll be worth it. I think that Lions 33 and a half is too high, but I don't wanna bet it 'cause that could also see a world where they score like 50 points. But I, I just think it's too high. I think they're trying to sucker you into, it's a lot of points, especially with how we laid out the game. I like the Mahomes 25 plus rushing yards bet. That's one 15 yard scramble when he does the thing where he sticks the ball out at the end and then gets a cheap shot and tries to pretend he got knocked unconscious for a second to try to get the flag and two more scrambles.


It's like a four for 27 shield. Does that make sense to you? I think so, yeah. And the Texans like to play man covers. They've got good corners. So there there could be some plays in there where he has to hold onto the football, make a play and he takes off. So he, here's my concern. Okay. And I'm gonna make a recommendation. You can't parlay this, but I prefer attempts to yards when it comes to Mahomes because kneel downs count as attempts and kneel downs behind the line of scrimmage. Detract from your, your rushing total. Ooh. So if he's in the low thirties and they are running out the football at the end of the game and he knee down twice, you're all of a sudden in the, in the, you know, real danger zone of getting down to like 24 yards and you lose your bet.


The total for rush attempts is four and a half, three rushes over the course of the game and then two kneel downs you collect on your bet. Yeah, that's one that I like. That's bitch and better right there. I feel like I need to take notes. I'm in awe like I, that is a man who has been burned by a kneel down at some point in the last 10, 20, 30 years. Shit. Which One do you like more? The 4.5 runs or the 25 plus yards House sold me on the knee Coach coming first half. Well they can do both. First half You can do both. Yeah, No I'm doing One. You can't parlay 'em but That's plus one 10 on FanDuel. I'm gonna mark that one down. So Kelsey and Hopkins to both score touchdowns plus 9 31 mentioning it Hopkins to score plus three 10.


I, it's been interesting watching them integrate him into their offense And it seems like they really like him inside the 10 or usually it's Kelsey And it seems that they like him too. I've always had bad luck with the TD bits but I'm mentioning that Stafford and Stroud to both throw a pick. So two road QBs against good defenses both throw a pick plus 1 95 I'm in. I love that one. I think it's, it's, I I like the the two to one odds. Stroud is like crazy. It's like minus one 60 for him to throw a pick. It's some crazy number. So you're, look this is really a Stafford bet And I don't, what's the, what's the status of Higby?


I mean is is he, is he I think he gonna be, think he's supposed to play but we don't know. Yeah, right. That that, that's a big She'll seem lukewarm on the, on the double pick bet here plus 1 95. Listen it's fun. Go. My only concern would be if it's snowy are they going with a run heavy game plan and then the Eagles are having one of those drives where it's like the Eagles have possessed the ball for 11 minutes in the sit so he doesn't have the opportunities to throw the pick. Great, great point. But Listen, it's a little, you don't have to put it's it sprinkle, you know it's tiny D It would be Ae. I'm not gonna say no to any bet like that. Henry and Barkley both scored touchdowns plus 1 34 on Sunday, the little Sunday running back stud touchdown parlay Henry with Herz bumps to plus 1 75 tush, pushy something five yard scramble Henry TD Herz TD plus 1 75 play both Josh Allen touchdown is plus 1 0 5.


The other one anything jump Out? Well I, I do the, the other when you were talking about the running backs, I like Saquon and Derrick Henry longest Rush Derrick Henry's is like 20.5 Saquon Barkleys is 18 and a half yards. I think both of those guys are gonna get the ball a lot and break one of 'em throughout the course of the game. So that's just, if you're worried about getting cheated, like you said on a touchdown where Saquon Barkley runs it to the one and then they give it to Jalen Hertz, that's one I would look at. I like the Barkley one specifically over 18 and a half yards as his longest rush. So pairing that with something with Henry. Yeah. Could make sense. What Are the ads on that longest rush? Do you remember? I'm looking at now, I can't remember now.


I think it's around minus one 10 probably. Hmm. House. Have you ever experimented with the longest rush? I feel like I'm doing an exotic tequila shot. I'm exciting Barclays minus, minus one 20 for Barclay 19 and up and then for Henry Ring it's probably, I'm gonna guess the same. That will be 20 and a half minus one 20. So try to hit both of them. Probably split one. Maybe lose a little vague or hit both. What do you think House Parlay them, just put 'em together. I agree with the idea that both of them are gonna get them. That both of those teams are committed in a way that, that, you know, the future of the franchise is based on those two dudes going out and getting Russians.


They're gonna get all the touches, they're gonna have all the opportunity and if we believe in those offensive lines then they're gonna get there. Oh It's a plus 2 36. Hey now? Yes. Hey now, so we need Henry for 21 yards, Barkley for 19. Let's Do that. That's happening. Come on. Put It on the cards put Before they change the odd, Put it on the card, the shield special. Put it on the card. Alright, so we're gonna add that one plus 2 36. And then there's some most rushing yards that I thought were interesting. Henry plus three 20 Barkley plus 1 55. The Barkley plus 1 55 I thought was a little delectable Gibbs plus five 50 but Montgomery's probably gonna be back so I don't know how many carries he is gonna get but the, the rushing receiving one I really liked was McClarin plus eight 50 for most yard, most receiving yards this weekend.


Hmm. Some garbage time stuff. One long one. Hey House seems dubious. Well I I kind of like it. The, I they, I don't know how deep they're gonna try and, and go it ha it would have to be like a Pitching would Catch beat kind of thing. Beat, but that's the thing, right? Look at the scripts for the other teams. To me it might be Xavier worthy. I honestly think Worthy is gonna get a a ton Of like 60 yarder. What she Yeah, I I have one of my best bets of the weekend is McClure and over 68 and a half receiving yards. I mean they're gonna have to, they're gonna have to move the ball. He is by far their go-to Target. The Lions don't have a number one corner.


The lions don't play the type of defense where they're gonna put a safety over top of him. They're gonna say we can be aggressive and play man coverage. I had McCluen last week And it was, it was fruitful. He had it very early in that game. And you're right, two of these games are in bad weather, you know, potentially Buffalo and Philadelphia. So now if you, and maybe even Kansas City, so you get the weather aspect of it being easier to throw the ball. So yeah, I I'm in on the McCluen over so Plus eight 50 most rushing, most receiving for the weekend. I think it's worth that little d Yeah, I like it. I'm on that. I'm on that. Yes. Hail baby. And then the last one, Washington plus four and a half plus 180 2. Is it worth a dabble?


I'm out. So you have to, you you can get your answer from she. So so you have the lions in the other tees at what? Minus two And a half. Right? It's like a very, very hairy middle. Which is why you probably don't do it if you take the Lions, you're just rooted for the lions. Yeah, it might be, it might conflict you but if you didn't have the other bet, I would say again, Jaden Daniels rule, if it's over a field goal, why not See how is, I've never seen House do this before with gambling where he doesn't wanna jinx his own team. It's really interesting, The divisional round of the Fing playoffs, it's been 25 years like whatcha talking about.


It's not surprising at all. I haven't been in this position in forever. Okay, so we, you Only have a few weeks left. I mean why if, if you're feeling it, go with it, you know, it's not like week three Could play my, I'm just gonna play my McClarin overs. Would it be satisfied? You made a great case. We play McClarin overs, it's fine. All right. Do we like Josh Allen touchdown for plus 1 0 5 or no? Not really. I Do it it's time. The million dollar picks round two here with Joe House and Sheila Captia. We are up 1.867 million for the season we took last week off.


We're coming back strong first bet an eight point tees on FanDuel with the chiefs minus eight and a half the Eagles minus six and a half and the lions minus eight and a half. We're teasing all them down. It is even odds on FanDuel. We are breaking the Raheem Palmer rule. We're teasing the Eagles through the zero. I can see him like almost having a convulsion right now, but Eagles to plus one and a half the other two just to win. That's plus 100. We're going to put 300 K on that next bet. The Ravens minus one and a half.


She was nervous about this one house. And I just think it's a no disrespect to the great people. Buffalo bad matchup, wrong team, wrong time Ravens minus one and a half. We are putting 250 K on that one and then we're gonna dabble in some stuff. Some some 10 K Mahomes four and a half runs over. Plus one 10 Saquon and Henry Saquon. 18 and a half yards over. Longest run with Henry. Longest run 20 and a half plus 2 36. That's Red Shield? I think so. So they the bed is right? Yeah, they, each bus runs were good. It's a great one.


Stafford Stroud both to throw one interception as the road quarterback in bad in potentially bad weather games plus 1 95. So we're doing McClarin over 68 and a half receiving yards. One dudes two small McLaurin bets. Yes. Okay. Over 60 and a half. McLaurin have the most receiving yards of the weekend. Plus eight 50 where there's two games outdoors. Great. He's one of the only ones indoors. And what do you wanna put in the parlays? 20 5K or 10 KI mean, not the parlay, it's the prop bets. 10 K is a good number. That that's a, that's that's how people play them. 10 K 10. And those are the million dollar picks for round two Sheel.


Happy gambling. Good luck with the Eagles House. Happy gambling. Good luck with the Washington whatever your name is now. Hell yes, hell yes. Hell. All right. Thanks guys. Must be 21 plus in President select states for Kansas and affiliation with Kansas Star Casino or 18 plus in President dc.


Gambling problem, call 100 gambler. Visit rg help.com. Call 1 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org/chat in Connecticut. Or visit md gambling help.org in Maryland. Hope is here. Visit gambling helpline ma.org or call 803 2 7 50 50 for twenty four seven. Support Massachusetts. Or call 1 8 7 7 8 Hope ny. Or Text Hope NY in New York.