
Coming up part one of a special two-part Mega Bs podcast.


Next, it's The Bill Simmons Podcast presented by FanDuel Football is in full action. FanDuel's highest rated sports book is the best place to bet it all. We've been doing pretty well on million dollar picks this year. I love the first month of the season because you have to go into the season thinking. I think Pittsburgh's gonna be good. I think the Chargers are gonna be good. I think Seattle's gonna be good. And then trying to back what you think in those first few weeks. And then zag the other way. if you were wrong, you could bid on new and fun markets on FanDuel. Like to catch a pass. Same game parlays highest scoring game across the Sunday Slate offensive tds in the next drive. They have so much stuff, it's crazy. The app is safe and secure and easy to use. And when you win you'll get paid instantly. Plus look out for FanDuel Squares this season. Here's what you have to do. Visit FanDuel dot com slash bs to download America's number one Sportsbook The Ringer is committed to responsible gaming. Please visit rg-help.com to learn more about the resources and helplines available and listen to the end of the episode. For additional details, you must be 21 plus and present in select states gambling problem called 100 Gambler or visit rg-help.com.


This episode is brought to you by Old El Paso. Does game day hosting feel like an extreme sport? Not anymore. With old El Paso, feeding your hungry crowd is oh so easy. Old El Paso's crunchy stand-in stuffed shells, bold seasonings and squeezable sauces are fumble free, flavor packed and perfect for cheering on your team. Football season is taco season with old El Paso. Level up your next Tailgater Watch Party. Shop Game Day essentials@oldelpaso.com.


We're also brought to you by The Ringer. Podcast Network. Put up a new re-watch Balls on Monday. We did Hereditary as part of Scary Month. Me, Sean Fantasy, Chris Ryan. you can watch it on The Ringer movies, YouTube channel as well. And somehow there's a lot of laughs on this one for one of the most horrifying movie the last 10 years. We were just chuckling it up. Can't explain it. Really fun podcast. you can also watch all the videos and clips from this podcast on the Bill Simmons YouTube channel. And you can listen to the McShay show, which we just added this week on The Ringer and on Spotify new podcast I think there's gonna be video for it too. But Todd McShay, who you've heard him on, ow, he's great.


College football, NFL draft. NFL, anything with a football, he's gonna be talking about it. So please subscribe to the MHE show. It's really good. He even has a six one seven in his cell phone, which I'm very jealous of. I wish I still had by 6 1 7 Coming up for part one of this podcast. I'm gonna do an NBA six Pack at the top six observations about the season through two games. Don't worry, I'm trying not to overreact. And then our ani old friend UFC 3 0 8 this weekend had to bring him on, had to talk UFC because my son demanded it. And then last but not least, everyone was demanding Jacko 'cause the Yankees in the World Series. So my old buddy Jacko a BS podcast Hall of Famer coming back on to talk Yankees, it hurts.


I didn't wanna do it, but I also loved talking to Jacko and we ended up going 40 minutes. So that is part one of the podcast. And part two we're gonna do NBA and million dollar picks and some other stuff that's coming later. This is part one first our friends from.


All right, now it's time for a special part of today's episode. Brought to you by our friends at Mic Low ULTRA, the official beer sponsor of the NBA. What an honor that is. The NBA season is here and Michelob ULTRA Courtside is getting fans closer to the game than ever before. Closer to the players, the stories, the celebrations, all you have to do is check out Michelob ULTRA dot com slash courtside. That's easy to learn how you can get closer to the action. So what we're gonna do right now, I'm gonna open up a six Pack. We're gonna unpack six major things going on in the world of basketball right now. It's also a sick Pack 'cause somehow it's day forward. I'm still sick. That's fine. I'm a grinder, I'm a gamer. I'm an 82 games. I'm not like Joe l Embiid. I'm not sitting out opening week. So we're gonna do a little six Pack right now. Just six things I noticed.


I don't wanna step on part two when we do the league pass ranking. So I'm trying to keep it a little separate of that. Six things I've noticed. Number one, it feels like Orlando officially took over Florida from the Miami Heat last night. So what does that mean? Well they had the swagger, they had the competitiveness. They have Palo in year three who is clearly undeniably the best player on the court. KCP was there. So defensively they just felt like they went applicable and they just absolutely throttled, throttled, throttled Miami. And it was kind of a special night for Miami. They were honoring Pat Riley. The halftime ceremony was like a half hour, didn't matter.


30 5-year-old Jimmy Butler. Three points in day one of his revenge season. I think I'm gonna do really well in the futures that we did with for selling house. I'm already starting to worry about this Miami future, which we'll talk about in a second. But Orlando answered all the things that I was hoping I would see from them. You know we talked about in the over under pod that just when you start going up from like you're in the, you're in the twenties, then you go up to the to high thirties, 40 range, then you're up to 47 wins. This should be the season that they go up into the mid fifties. And from what I saw last night, it's gonna happen Miami, which I think the over under was around 43. And the theory was, well they're, they're gonna be healthy.


Jimmy's gonna actually play, he's motivated. Now I'm starting to wonder is this the end? And there's not a lot of doppelgangers in NBA history for this. I would like, I was looking at the, the late eighties, early nineties Pistons which had, they were in the Eastern Conference finals for five straight years. They won two titles, which is better than Miami did with this group. But same kind of thing like a five year run built around defense and veterans and just toughness and a really good infrastructure and some sort of culture that if you remember in the 92 playoffs, all of a sudden the Knicks beat them and it just felt like within a year it was over. And in 1990 they went from 48 wins to 92, which was their the year after the window to 40 the next year.


And then they were 20 and 62 by by 1994. And I'm starting to wonder is that Miami's future? Unless they do something drastic. So what happens? We, we always wondered, all right, if this goes bad for Miami, starting outta the gate, would Butler be available? What does that mean? He's pretty expensive. He's almost a hundred million dollars for two years. They did not give him an extension, which I think was smart from a trade standpoint. You go through all the teams and there's less Butler suitors than you would think. So the obvious team, and this ties into another lesson from watching League pass in a Mucinex haze last night for seven hours. Houston has too many guys and it's gonna be a problem for them.


And as Darrell Mora hates this theory, but I think this is a real theory, the too many guys theory, when too many guys think that they deserve between 30 and 40 minutes a game, you tend to have like some sort of rocky, it just doesn't feel right. The Houston thing didn't feel right to me yesterday. I like all their players but I'm not sure they know which players to play and they're like basically dying to make a three for one trade. Houston was the team that jumped out to me the most last night as a Butler home because that ties in with MA Adoa. They have all the different assets like they could, they have a Steven Adams expiring plus Dylan Brooks, then you could move wherever you want from there with an asset. Like could it be Thompson, the Thompson twin, ah man Thompson, could it be like a Cam Whitmore Tate's expiring and a bunch of the picks that they have?


Maybe it's not that many picks. Maybe Jimmy Butler doesn't have as much value as we think. But in my head I was thinking Brooks and Adams and Thompson for Butler made a ton of sense for both sides. If Miami was like, it's reboot time, 'cause they, they would both stay a little relevant but also be able to move on from this Butler thing. Because if it gets bad, which we'll see, it might have just been a one game aberration, that's why you can't overreact to week one. But if it gets bad, they don't have a lot of options and they gotta move fast. 'cause what you don't want is an unhappy Jimmy Butler and then you're, you're trading 'em for 30 cents a dollar. New Orleans is a possibility. That's that's Brandon and Ingram would have to be in that and maybe Jordan Hawkins but I, if I'm New Orleans, I'm not even sure why I would be thinking about that.


And then Golden State would be the other one. Golden State Steve Kerr is playing 12 guys and and proud of it was bragging about my 12 band rotation. That's never worked in the history of the league. But I think he's trying to keep everybody involved 'cause that team knows they're a three for one. So could that be just Wiggins Minga and Loony down the road? I don't know. I don't know what Miami's thinking with their future. But I'll tell you this, they're not in the class with Orlando anymore and I think Cleveland probably same thing. Nicks Celtics, no way. They're just not good enough anymore. And this is what happens. You have these windows, the window ends and either they have to try to add to the nucleus they have or they have to call an audible and maybe think about traded Jimmy's.


So that was my biggest takeaway last night. I was like Holy shit Jimmy Butler, I could trade it soon. Second one on the six Pack AK of the Sick Pack, the rookie of the year race is gonna be the weirdest one we've had since 2017, which was Brogden winning. Sarge finishing second and then Joel em played 31 games somehow finished third in Rookie of the Year. So that was the weirdest. 2013 was super weird. That was Michael Carter Williams edging out Victor Oladipo and Trey Burke and one of the PO leagues was fourth, I don't even remember which one, but you remember Michael Carter Williams just kind of putting up decent stats on a terrible Sixers team and none of us felt good about voting for him but We didn't really have any other choice.


And then 2001 was the other horrible one. That was Mike Miller who I think averaged 11 points a game when rookie of the year. Kenny Martin, second Mark, Jackson third, not Mark Jackson, the announcer Mark Jackson with a C, the center who was like 26 that season. So those are the three worst rookie of the year races that we've had. This one Zach, Edie is still the favorite of plus two 90. if you watched him last night, listen, I'm not panicking, I'm keeping my Edie stock but that was last night was a disaster. He just fouled trouble immediately. He missed foul shots, they were going at him on defense and did not look great. Reese Che is plus six 50, hold that thought. Reed Shepherd seven to one and I'm not sure he is gonna get enough minutes unless they trade him Castle plus nine 50 Spurs, we haven't seen him yet.


And then connect on the Lakers. I don't think he's gonna get enough minutes. He'd have to have some sort of injury but he's at least somebody that is gonna be, seems like he's gonna have an impact right away, at least as a bench guy. Re che is the one I'm targeting here, plus six 50. It's dropped even from two days ago. I think it was eight to one or plus seven 50. Now it's plus six 50 on FanDuel. Listen, I made fun of the Resche pick around the time when it happened. Just the concept of a skinny French guy, his name was Zach Che. What are the odds that somebody with that name's gonna be good? All all stupid stuff that I love to fun when you watch the clips from him overseas hustler, good athlete, unafraid good three point shooter.


There was stuff there that seemed like, oh this will be interesting to see if it translates. Watch him in the preseason house. And I talked about this on the over under pod, huge fan of his really hustles runs the floor. Like there's certain rookies that would learn a lot just about the hustle that this guy has including maybe a couple in the Lakers that aren't Dalton Connect but I think he, I think he's gonna have a real impact for them. Even last night his box score, he was like two for seven, two for eight. But he got good shots. Like he missed a layup where he got fouled. He not afraid to shoot threes. He's a good defensively. And I just kind of like that Hawks team in general.


We went over on them. That was a lot for me and I think this kid is good. So that would be, that would be, I'm not allowed to bet on this 'cause I have a vote but, but that would be, I think the odds are a little outta whack because especially like if Hunter got hurt, any of the swings on the hawks got hurt. I think that kid's good. I think they might've nailed that pick. if you did the draft over again, I would probably still take him first. It's be like him versus Shepherd and Castle would be the three do-overs and I, I still think he's in the mix so somehow the Hawks who usually screw up everything did not screw up that pick. Alright, third takeaway for the six Pack from just from last night. And this is a preseason thing too.


We talked about in the over under pod. Well Ben Simmons actually have trade value this year, this year. So this, this is easily one of the strangest careers in the history of the league. He's only 28 years old. He's only played 333 games and 22 playoff games. This is his ninth year. By contrast, Jalen Brown's 5 41 and 1 24, they were the same draft in 2020, which seems like it was a hundred years ago. He was third team all NBA and first team all defense. So that's both a million years ago and also not that long ago, that was four and a half years. He's been in witness protection for the last three years and nobody thinks he likes basketball. Literally nobody. And yet when you watch him, it seems like he'd be fun to play with.


So like if you watched The Nets last night, you knew nothing and they had kind of a noble loss to the Hawks where they kept coming back, coming back and somehow covered miraculously might have had a little action on that one. You would have three takeaways from that game knowing nothing other than the salaries. One is that the Nick Clax and extension they gave was idiotic. And I mean he, I, I don't even know if he's a CrunchTime guy for them anymore. With Simmons you would think Cam Thomas is a hall of fame worst guy ever to play with. And this is something we talked about two weeks ago in the over under pod. I was saying how the 1980s San Diego Clippers were one of my favorite bad team. Good stats guys.


They had Freeman Williams and World Beef Free and they just, a bunch of dudes spin Nader 15 rebounds a game. Cam Thomas, it's going up if he has it. There was a moment in the first quarter where it seemed like he was on pace for 60 field goals. He scored 20 plus on the fourth quarter. Every time he gets it, it's going up. If somebody else shoots and crunch time, he's furious and he just seems miserable to play with. That would be his second takeaway. And then the, and by the way, that's the perfect guy to have on a bad team that's trying to tank for a top five pick. You want somebody that at least is gonna put up stats and seem interesting and to the casual fans seem interesting and yet he's helping you lose Ben Simmons is actually an asset was the third takeaway.


He could handle the ball, his point guard with size. He could get to the room when he wanted. He was rebounding, he was playing defense. They didn't play in crunch time, which I thought was interesting. I think they were just afraid of his shooting and his free throw shooting especially. But it feels like he's healthy again. So then you start thinking, well what does that mean? He's an expiring at 40.3 million. Could they train him? I went through every team, I don't see it. But here's what I do. See, I think he's has a chance to become one of the most fascinating February buyout guys in a few years because like he could be the center of New Orleans. He could be an absolutely crazy Draymond Green backup at Golden State. He could be a really fun heat culture reclamation project.


He's kind of exactly what the Knicks need and I'll, I'll talk about them. They're Coming up later in the six Pack. But I'm watching this Ben Simmons thing because if he can prove that he's healthy over the next three months and Brooklyn, they don't wanna keep him. They don't wanna be good. So either he is trade or he is, he is a buyout guy. But I actually think he could have an impact on the playoff race playing 18 to 20 minutes a game for a really good team. The guy's a good basketball player, maybe he gives a shit now. We'll see the fourth thing, this is a brief one, but ESPN built their, a lot of their coverage yesterday around the Intuit dome, which is the new Steve Bomber thing that opened up that I have not been to yet. It's very cool.


Apparently really cool basketball arena. ES Penn played it up like we were sending the astronauts to the moon in 1969. And this is a recurring theme with TV networks, whether it's football, basketball, basketball, baseball. Viewers don't care about arenas and stadiums. They all look the same when you're watching them on tv. Maybe the ballparks outdoors look different, but when you're talking basketball, when you're talking football, they all look the same. And it's like, oh Jerry Worlds, oh my God, look at that jumbotron. I can't really tell unless I'm there. Same thing for the Clippers. They're blowing this up. Look at this wall and, and then the, the game starts and it just looks like every other game I'm watching on League Pass.


So I would urge everybody to settle down and maybe scale back the Steve Baller reaction shots from 700 million during a two and a half hour game to maybe Maybe 10. Just a thought. Alright, this is my superior take buckle up, get ready. Jason Tatum's, MVP case. Oh yeah, you heard me. He fixed the hitch. He'd hitch in his shot, his shot. Something weird happened with a shot. It's almost like in golf, like Tiger would have those moments when all of a sudden his swing was a little messed up. Happens to golfers, happens to shooters, might be happening to Mikhail Bridges right now. But he fixed the hitch.


And I just wanna thank Steve Kerr because I think Steve Kerr put a giant throbbing chip on his shoulder by not playing him in the Olympics. And by the way, Tatum didn't really deserve to play in the Olympics. As I mentioned on previous pods. His shot wasn't going in. They needed him to be a knockdown shooter. And if the Tatum that we saw in opening night was there in the Olympics, Steve Kerr would've played them. So I don't care because this is great because this is a title defense season where everyone has a chip on their shoulders somehow. I love it. He made seven plus threes twice last season. So there were real signs last year that the three pointer or something weird was going on in 23.


He made it five times 2000, 22 5 times. And his shot looks like if it, and I did this whole thing on my pod about how his shot, his rookie year, his second year, how smooth it was, the quick release. And then he developed this weird hitch thing and the hitch is gone and he looks like Tatum again. His MVP odds dropped 13 to one, to nine to one. I'm so mad we didn't talk about this in the over under pods because this would've been a great pick. And the reason none of us wanted do it was because we didn't know what a shot was gonna look like and his shot just was better two, three years ago than it was last year. But now that his shot seems like it's back, you start looking at, he's 27 years old this year and you're 27 guys in general.


This is usually the year. So you go back the last 40 plus years, NBA history, 1983 Moses, 27 years old, MVP Title 84 Bird, MVP, title 87 Magic MVP title. All those guys were 27 91 Jordan MVP Title 2000 Shaq MVP title 2004 kg only MVP season 2006 Dirk. That was his breakout season when he beat the Spurs in in game seven and went to the finals. 2006 Kobe, that was the greatest Kobe season. 35 points a game. He was unbelievable. He should have won the MVP 2012 LeBron MVP first title Miami. That was the year he put the chest hair on and killed the Celtics.


2016 Curry 73 wins. MVP finals 2017 Harden finished second MVP that year. Should have won, should have beaten Westbrook. I'm on the right side of history. Thank you very much. I voted for Harden 2023 Yage title second MVPA second in mvp, but won the title that year. So this is a real, this is the most important age for NBA Stars slash superstars. And even you think like Duncan and Giannis Duncan's greatest year was 2003, he was 26 and Gianni's greatest year was 21 when he won the title.


So did Duncan by the way. But Giannis was 26 that year. 22. Giannis I think was the best ever version of Giannis. That was the year the Celtics miraculously beat him and, and ended up going to the finals. But Giannis was incredible that year. The point is 20 sevens the year and it should be the peak of somebody's career in a lot of different ways. And maybe this is gonna happen at Tatum. So nine to one, again, I'm not allowed to vote on it, but seems low to me. All right, last one for the six Pack. So New York and Minnesota took big identity change swings with that towns for Randall and DDP trade. And I thought I was fascinating watching both of them on Tuesday night because the Knicks just felt different from last year.


A big piece of that is Hartenstein, they lost the offensive rebounding, they lost the defense and they lost the playmaking. He was like a secondary playmaker for them. And so that was, that had nothing to do with the trade 'cause they'd already lost him to OKC, but they really missed that. And then, you know, not having Vincenzo with the Villanova four with the how, how, how well those three guys played together. Plus with Bridges the extra shooting, you felt that one too. And then conversely with Minnesota, no towns the size that him and Gobert and Nas Reed and just how, how suffocated and overwhelming the three of those guys were as, as a three person combo.


The spacing of the towns threes the physicality. It really felt like they missed that. Randall just looked horrible. The Randall Gobert minutes were really bad. And Randall, I didn't, I didn't think he played that hard. It didn't seem, it seemed like he really screwed up every, it screwed up their spacing. Everything you felt kind of iffy about with that trade was, was was on display for the first game. We'll say, you know, I'm not, I'm not, I'm giving them 20 games. I wanna see how they incorporate all this stuff, how they figure out the lineups. But so you had that and then you had Bridges, who was the other big Nicks trade and OJ and Obie and Tatum and Brown did whatever they wanted in that game. So you got those two guys, you're trying to build this team to defeat the Celtics and the Celtics demolished them.


And then the, the Randall piece, like I, I just didn't feel like Minnesota was better anyway. So how does this get fixed? Well, for the Knicks, they're gonna have to get one more big guy at some point before February. Maybe it's just Mitchell Robinson coming back. I don't trust Mitchell Robinson to stay healthy, but maybe that's the answer. But they need defense and rebounding and they need bridges. They need more from him. They need him to figure out his shot. They really need Playmaking from him. And you could see them trying to work him into stuff. But I, I've already had so much fun making fun of the Nick fan friends that I have about Bridges the hitch in his shot. It's like, whoa, do you know who shot was fucked up when you traded Five first Round picks for him?


It's great. They, the Knicks fans have no response. He's like, no, no, he'll figure it out. He is 39% career shooter. He had one good three in the Boston game where it's like, okay, maybe he'll figure it out. But they just need more from him. You give up that much for Bridges, he needs to be in the offense more. He needs to be a 40% three point shooter. He just needs to feel more impactful than he did in game one. That's not rocket science say that, but so Bridges is the guy to watch for that team. Then Minnesota, I'd like to see more Read and Randall Lineups and read and Go Bear and Less Townsend and Go Bear. I'd like to see them go smaller and I wanna watch whether Ant gets frustrated or not because the spacing was weird.


You could see him getting frustrated during the game all of a sudden in Minnesota. Such a feel good story last year, 56 wins and now seems like a work in progress. And what made them special last year, they just didn't seem that special. They seemed like a team that Anthony Davis was just running a mock on. So I'm watching them, both of those teams identities these first 20 games, will they be able to find their 24 25 versions of them? So that's what we got for the, for the six Pack. We'll cover the League pass rankings, In Part two of the podcast. But that was today's six major things.


And remember Michelob Belcher Courtside gets you closer to the game than ever before. Check out Michelob belcher.com/courtside to learn how you can get closer to the action.


We'll be back after this.


The NBA's back FanDuel America's number one sports book. They want you to catch all the action they're giving everyone three months of NBA League pass. All you have to do is catch every tip off and buzzer beater. Bye placing any $5 bet on the NBA and I mean any $5 bet you can grab a game, you can do a future, whatever you wanna do, just put five bucks down. I'm interested in if you wanna get totally random, I think Charlotte might be able to outperform expectations a little early in the season. I also think the Celtics, if you wanna do, you know, Celtics min minus 19 and a half minus 20 for some of these games, they're gonna have a couple blowout wins early 'cause their infrastructure's so good. You do you. But the next time you get a hunch on who's gonna win, how many points of player will score. You can watch your picks come to life live. Just visit FanDuel dot com slash bs to get three months of NBA League Pass courtesy of FanDuel. Make every moment more with FanDuel official sports book partner of the NBA. You must be 21 plus in President select states or 18 plus in President DC. After three month free trial, the full price of League Pass will be automatically charged monthly. Cancel any time no refunds, terms, restrictions and embargoes apply. Limit one pass per customer. See terms at sportsbook FanDuel com. Game problem called visit rg.


This episode is brought to by Michel Loeb. ULTRA the NB is back. And you know what that means? So is Mick Loeb ULTRA courtside. It gets fans closer to the game, the stories, the players, the celebrations and it's a pretty damn good beer. Stock up your fridge with Michelob ULTRA and be ready for the big plays all season long. Learn they gonna get closer to the action by visiting mlo bocher.com/courtside. MLO b ULTRA superior access Courtside 24 25 sweepstakes, no purchase necessary. Open to us residence 21 plus begins on 10, 1 24 goes through 7 1 25. Visit mlo bocher.com/courtside for free entry, entry de deadlines and official rules void. We're prohibited.


Alright, our old friend Ariel Ani is here because UFC 3 0 8 is Coming up and because the Celtics beat the Knicks, those are really the only two reasons. By the way, congratulations. You launched the UNC crowned network on Yahoo UNC crowned, what are we calling it? Unc crowned. Unc crowned network. What is it? Yeah, UNC crowned. It's just unc crowned. Okay, by the way, it, you know what, it all makes sense now Bill, it actually all makes sense. I can't tell you how happy I was when I got the text from you two days ago in the midst of the Celtics just absolutely laying the SmackDown on my beloved Nicks. A very depressing night. And I got this text and I, and I knew you were probably watching the game and very happy about what was happening.


But the text made my night because look, I'll be honest, the only question I got one question when, you know, we, we, we, you know, we the the new era started, I got one question, I swear on my life. I was at the Olympics. People come up to me, does this mean no more appearances on Bill's show? Oh God no. And I said, listen, that was the question I got. It was the only question I got. Honestly, everyone was excited except for this. And I said, look, it's up to him. I'm not gonna beg to to be on a show. I'd love to be on. I always love to be on. And then I got the text and I was like, you know what, shout out to Bill. And then of course you mentioned this right here and now about the Celtics. I'm kind of over it. I'm, I'm, I'm it's all Eyes on Pacers Friday night. And so I now I just kind of feel like you invited me to rub it in.


No, no. Well I I did wanna make fun of Mikel Bridge's hitch for like two Seconds, seconds now we're we're good now. Did You see the end fact you don't have a center? Yeah. You made one three at the end. Don't have a center. What are talking about? We have one of the greatest I shooting big man in the history B you have a stretch five. Yeah. Would you, would you have rather that or Precious ua? Imagine, imagine they don't make that deal and Preciouses our starting center and he's injured, we're now starting games with Jericho Sims as our starting five. They Had to have made it. Well I did before you came on. I did on my pod. I'm not judging the Knicks or the Timberwolves until the 21 game Mark. There's some things that I was concerned about for both teams, but I just don't think we're gonna know for a while. I'm actually a little more concerned just with the Timberwolves that their identity changed so dramatically.


You guys had already lost Hartenstein and you knew it was gonna be a little different this year anyway. But I, you know, we'll know 21 games in we'll know is two Who won the trade. In your opinion right now, who do you say will win the trade in the end? So I've changed my mind on this seven times and I heading into the season, I was like, I think Minnesota won the trade and then I watched it and Davis was just annihilating them and I was like, man, I know he used to do well against the, the t Wolfs last year, but not this well. And just having these big bodies to throw at people like Kim and Yoki was such an advantage for them and they just felt smaller to me. So I, and the spacing was weird and I, so I, again, I, I wanna wait 20 games but I didn't love how they looked.


I didn't love how we looked either, but we'll be okay. No, we'll be okay. Well you, the big thing, I said this at the top, you, you just need to figure out how to incorporate bridges more because I actually think he's a really, really advanced like Playmaker, I think he can create shots for people. I think you can run offense through him and they just kind of have to figure out to get him more involved. He was just like kind of standing on the side a lot of that game That and Josh Hart just gives you nothing offensively right now. I feel like his confidence isn't there and I feel like he would be better suited off the bench. I don't want McBride to start 'cause he's such a lightning rod off the bench. I don't know what the answer is. I can't wait for the Tyler Cooch era though to officially begin. Yeah, he will be our eventual backup point guard and I think he'll be incredible.


I love that kid. I adore him. Well I knew the Celtics were gonna be awesome these first two months because this, it's the history of after you win a title, you always have a jump the next year from a confidence. They brought everybody back. They had the same infrastructure, they're gonna shoot even more threes. So they're gonna look really good the first two months compared to a team that's, you know, just been thrown together in some ways. So, right. Any word on if Reggie's gonna stick around as a broadcaster next year when all the changes happen because he's just getting insufferable. I mean he was horrendous. I mean it's just like, oh they have a chip on their shoulder. Oh my God, there's no chip on anyone's shoulder. Calm the F down Reggie. Okay, just 'cause Jason Tatum didn't play in the Olympics. The guy's doing fine. All right. This narrative that they're trying to build, that the Celtics have some sort of chip on their shoulder Tatu as a incredibly lazy chip Tatum as a chip.


I don't think there's any question. What's the chip? He was MVP of the final, the Chip. I know, but he didn't, not playing the Olympics I think was, nah, I think it was a look at the mirror moment and he fixed his shot and he looked great. Right. You know, so the thing with you, first of all, my son demanded that I had you on this week. Love Ben Second. People have been joking in my life with me about how is my son gonna be my Bronny James where, you know, he graduates high school and then he's in college for a year and then he's vice president of The Ringer. And I'm just like, here's my son. He is running stuff now. And I was like, my son's not working for me. He's gonna work for Ariel in like five years. That's I free, that's gonna be his boss. Can I hire him right now? Yeah, he probably could.


But he's really pumped for this UFC 3 0 8. And I was trying to think of like a big picture question to start this because as you know, I've really into this few years it feels like been talking who's gonna take McGregor's spot? Who's the next McGregor? Who's gonna be the face of the UFC? And now it's almost the end of 2024. We're in the mid 2020s and we still don't have the answer, but I do think we have two amazing candidates, one of whom is fighting in 3 0 8, the other who has become my favorite UFC fighter ever. Pereira. And it feels like this is now Topoya versus Pereira. One of these two is going to become the face of the company.


So who are you betting on? Wow, that is a great question. I I think Toya's longevity is on his side. He's lo younger. You know, Alex Perra had a entire kickboxing career before he became an MMA fighter. He was a two division champion in glory. He's 37 I believe off the top of my head. Topoya is still in his twenties. And so you would have to think and, and undefeated. He's never been knocked out before. He, he, he hardly gets hit in his fights. So I would say him obviously he, he also opens up that whole market in Europe and in particular in Spain. Dana White said earlier on Thursday that they're now talking to Barcelona and Madrid to hold an event there in 2025.


And he's been pushing for them to go to the Barna Bay, which is where Rail Madrid plays, which would be a gigantic deal, like 80,000 people. And I think they can actually draw 80,000 for a topoya title defense there. They're not having those discussions, if not for Ilya Topoya and how popular he has gone. I said this on my show this week and, and it's a very lazy thing to compare people to Connor. Oh, he's just like Connor. He's playing a Connor character and Max himself has accused Ilya of being a copycat. But when you listen to Ilya speak, the confidence that he has, the way he talks about his opponents with no respect whatsoever, just like that, he's going to flick them off his shoulder. It is very reminiscent of 20 15, 20 16 Conor McGregor.


He is not trying to be friends with these guys. He doesn't want to be respectful towards them. He's not trying to pay them, you know, any kinda respect, pay homage to 'em or anything. He is there to annihilate all of them. And thus far he has. So the build has been great. If, if I had to pick one who's just gonna be at the top longer, it's probably Topoya. But I would say right now, Pereira's no one dislikes Alex Perra. A lot of people dislike Topoya. A lot of people want to see Topoya get his comeuppance, want to see the beloved Max Holloway shut him up. There is no one who feels that way about Alex Perra. So it's a bit of a two parter answer. Is Pereira the highest approver rating UFC fighters since who? God, that's a great que It's just absolutely beloved. I, I just can't believe how much I enjoy his fights.


Just every piece of it from the walkouts to the ring to his Michael Myers stare down or the opponent when they're just showing him. It's like, it's just, it's the best theater we have in any combat sport right now. Couldn't agree more. That's MMA or boxing. He, he's the male fighter of the year and some of my friends are trying to say if Topoya wins, he'll be two and oh with a win over. I was gonna ask you about, about that Kovski and Holloway. If Holloway wins, we'll have the BMF win and then this win. Those guys are two and oh and they're great wins. Alex Perra is not only the fighter of the year, male fighter of the year for 2024 for the UFC. He is their MVP. He has saved their ass three times this year. They didn't have a main inventor for UFC 300.


He says, fine, I'll do it. Essentially on a month's notice, they had Conor McGregor with a busted toe for this gigantic card in late June. They couldn't find a soul. The guy is in Australia doing a promotional tour 10 days before the fight and he says, fine, I'll do it with his own broken toe. And he beats a guy who had just beaten like eight months prior at MSG and then he wasn't supposed to fight in Salt Lake City. Salt Lake City was supposed to be headlined by Topoya v Holloway. And the main event for this weekend was supposed to be isam against Armand. Ian Maja got injured. They didn't have a main event for Abu Dhabi, which is a huge market for them. So they pushed Topoya and Holloway to Abu Dhabi and left them without anyone for Utah.


Now you may say to yourself, who cares about Utah? Utah is paying a ton of money for the UFC right to come hold events there. The owner of the jazz and the hockey club, Ryan Smith is, is leading the charge. He wants the UFC. So that's why they've had these three big shows there the last three years. They needed a big main event. So they called upon, once again the MVP Alex Prayer to save the day. There's only one guy who is an open hater of Alex Per, and it's Jamal Hill. Jamal Hill is like his biggest hater, but that's just 'cause he's trying to get a another fight against him. Everyone else, to your point, you're a hundred percent right. It has been a very long time since there has been someone at the top like this who just doesn't seem to have any detractors whatsoever. So who was, so has this ever happened before? So I'm trying to, I'm trying to rack my Brain.


He like McGregor. Yeah, no, no, no. But he still had people bitching about him and you know, he was controversial the whole time. Yeah. If you just go through the list, like, like McGregor, a hundred percent had his detractors. Even Rhonda Rousey in her heyday had many detractors. People said that she was overhyped or that she wasn't nice, this and that. Even George St. Pierre, who is from my hometown, who is like the nicest, most down to earth respected guy and respectful guy, people would say sometimes that he was too boring. You can't say any of that about Alex Perra. Even Anderson Silva in his heyday, people said, ah, you know, sometimes he doesn't take it seriously. He's acting crazy. He's, he's not delivering when he should be delivering. He's kind of playing with his food. Demetrius Johnson is another one.


People said, ah, he's, he's, he's not that exciting. He doesn't have a good personality. So it's, it's a fantastic point. Like you have to really rack your brain. There are guys like Robbie Lawler and Carlos Kdi who were just kind of like, you know, oh, you know, they're always gonna deliver. But I, they never had the, the, the stature and, and the title runs that Pereira did. So to have that, yeah. And, and, and to also not be involved in a single boring fight. Like even when he lost to Izzy, that was an incredible fight. He got knocked out every, he like, he is Box out, he's about to knock Izzy out and he got knocked out. He was about to not, so he delivers whether he wins or loses. And, and these days, more often than not, he is winning. Yeah. He checks two boxes that I think are the fundamental boxes to have somebody be like a true a plus lister.


UFC one is the intimidation piece where even before the fight starts, you're like, shit, we don't wanna be this other part. Like Rousey had that until it got knocked the hell out of her by Holly Hol. But she, she had it where you she'd go into the octagon and he'd be like, oh man, I I just wouldn't wanna fight her. And that's, there's probably what, 10, 12 people in the history of UFC who have had that piece. Right. But then the other piece is he's, I just watching him solve that last fight, watch him solve Roundtree, where incredible, he had that crazy that that lunging left hook that was just, it was a little Ali Frazier ish and you're watching like, oh man, it feels like he can get these three punch combos off whenever he wants.


How's poorer gonna solve this? And then you just saw him between rounds three and round four, he started moving up a little bit, started figuring out how to, and then all of a sudden he solved the fight, which I think is the other piece you need if you're gonna be truly great at UFC, like, can you solve something that didn't go the exact way he thought it was gonna go? And he, he has that too. A hundred percent. And the other thing is, is like, it felt like in the fourth round, he was saying to himself, all right, enough of this. And he just took it up a notch. And he's such a good striker again, he's a two division Glory kickboxing. Glory is the UFC of kickboxing. Yeah. So he's as elite as it gets So, it doesn't ever feel like it's fluky. It doesn't ever feel like it's just, you know, a thing.


And, and, and, and, and what's even more impressive is he doesn't speak English. You know what I mean? So, so a lot of people can connect on you like, like with you, if they, if they cut great promos or have great interviews. Part of the the magic, part of the magic with Mike Tyson back in the day, of course, was his interviews, whether he was talking crazy or acting crazy, like people were always captivated. Prayer doesn't give you much, but it's, it's as the kids say, his aura, his his his his his stare downs. The the bow and arrow thing, just his whole vibe. People are just enamored with. And, and now he's starting to show us a little bit more of his personality. And then when you start to learn more about his story, 10 years ago this guy was an alcoholic. He was working at a tire shop, he had nothing going on in his life. And so to turn it all around like this is, is truly one of the great stories in MMA and in combat sports in the last decade.


Yeah. He's like a sports movie. Yeah. I was thinking as you were talking about wrestling, who tries to do all these, we both love wrestling the, these different characters and the hardest character to pull off is the mystery character. Yeah. Like they probably did it the best with the undertaker. Hundred percent. And there's been some other ones, you know, Kane was like that. But trying to have the person who, to hide the fact that they don't have an amazing personality. You add this like eerie scary doesn't say much. Maybe the manager is talking for him. Yeah. And Pereira has it. Like I don't, I barely even, I I couldn't even tell you what his voice sounds like. I know he does like interviews of the translator after the fights, but it just works for him.


He's, he's Michael Myers. That's, that's the persona that he has And the way they shoot the stare downs, like before the fight, the way they've now shot them cinematically, like this is brilliant. His coach is also his translator. Klino and he's a great character too. So they have become, you know, like that Paul Bearer undertaker dynamic. Brey Wyatt was another good one who, you know, when he wasn't talking was, was a classic character who didn't speak and had that, had that intensity. One of my all time favorites was Kamala, the first Kamala in our lives back in the day. Not Kamala, Kamala, you know, the Ugandan giant with Kim. Oh yeah. Kimchi. His remember him like I was legit terrified of that guy.


And Kimchi would speak, I believe that was his name. He would speak on his behalf. So yeah, that's part of it. Now most people you would say, oh you need to speak English like Triple G. Once he starts saying big drama show, even though it was like short sentences, it took his popularity to a different level. Habib became more popular when he started speaking English. Anderson did as well. Junior dos Santos did as well. Pereira doesn't need it. I've never heard him say anything in English other than maybe thank you. And no one is asking for it. No one needs it. No one wants it. He's my first favorite UFC fighter. Wow. And I've been watching for a while. He's the first one that I'm like, I just love this guy. I'm gonna be devastated if he loses. I was really scared. Have you seen him really scared during that last fight?


Have you seen him live? I, I have actually. I saw like, maybe like three, four fights ago. I can't remember. Okay. Who we saw. But I, I'm the next one. I don't when is the next one? Okay, so here's the interesting thing on this part is is, is Mamed on Kaev against Alexander Raki? Yeah. On Kaev should have fought Alex Prayer two weeks ago. He is just a tough, a tough wrestler from Russia who is just that sort of prototypical tough wrestler from Russia who doesn't offer much in terms of showmanship. And it is very clear, I think he's unbeaten in his last 12. There's one draw in that mix. Yeah. It's very clear that the UFC is not too excited about the prospects of a, him fighting for a belt and also b, him fighting against Alex Perra because his skillset grappling is Pereira's weakness, so to speak.


And so they have put him in there against Alexander Rack who's an underdog. But who, if they were being honest with you, in a rare moment behind the scenes, they would probably tell you, gosh, we hope Rack wins this fight so that, you know, Mamed goes away if Mamed wins. I don't know how you deny him. And, and that may be a tough, tough test for prayer just because of how the skill sets match up. Well that's one of the reasons this card's so good. 'cause that's one versus five. I think UFC in a weird place where there's a certain type of fighter that succeeds and we saw it in the last pay-per-view. That's just not that fun to watch. And as they battle between, do we want the biggest audience possible or do we wanna just have this be a competition between people that are awesome at fighting?


Sometimes those two things are directly opposed to one another. And the worst kind of person to watch is just the person who's the take down guy who is just has you down it's five minutes and he is just grinding him on the top. People wanna see Pereira. So I can, I can totally understand why they, they boned over Uncle Iav with this last one because he should have had the last fight. So a a little bit of a tough stretch for them in that regard. And I understand what you're saying. Going back to July, Leon Edwards, who's becoming a huge star in the uk, he loses to Bilal Muhammad who has that sort of style that people aren't in love with. Then we go to August, Israel de is fighting for the belt again. He's supremely popular. He loses Toric as DUI who isn't as popular.


Then we get to September and Sean O'Malley, who connects with a lot of the young kids who's very popular in his own right, loses to Marab Deli in a fight that a lot of people didn't like. And so, yeah, IWI was saying to people before the Roundtree fight who, you know, I think Roundtree iss an incredible fighter with an incredible backstory. He's just not quite there. People don't know him. They're not connected to him. If Pereira would lose, like if you just look at who's in the top 10 pound for pound, there aren't a ton of, you know, superstars. Now people like to bring this up all the time. Oh, the lack of superstars. Like where's the McGregor? Where's the, this guy, that guy, the UFC is so on fire right now as a brand, they don't necessarily need that person. Would it be nice?


Yes. Are they searching for it? Yes, sure. But the three letters are the biggest star in the sport. And the UFC, no matter where they go, they're selling out and they're breaking gate records. It's just automatic at this point. So I don't think it's as big of an issue as, some people like to think eventually it's gonna be become an issue. It can't last like this forever. But right now it's, it's, it's a little bit of a, of a talking point that people are making out to be a bigger deal. The bigger issue that, and I don't know, I don't understand this like the one 10th, the level you do, but as I'm watching, I'm like, why doesn't everyone fight this way? It just seems unstoppable. Why this, it seems so much harder to fight somebody like this than a striker.


Like if you were just talking the best possible version of, of those guys versus Pereira. I like, I think he would be in trouble against Uncle av. I do. It's, I mean it's just the way they brought, they're brought up and not everyone has that skillset. They're just some guys who aren't good and, and there are there at that and there are some guys who just don't enjoy fighting like that to their detriment. And there are some guys who can, you know, they can be strikers their whole life and just never pick up on it. Shout out to Big Francis and Gnu who came back on Saturday. I don't know if you guys watched that one, but showed off the offensive wrestling and that was always his biggest Achilles heel. Like he went for a takedown, got FAA down, almost got submitted, thwarted that attempt, and then won via ground and pound all in about three minutes and 30 seconds.


So some people pick it up, some don't. Some want to be exciting, some don't. But then there are other guys who are just like, you know, excitement be damned, I'm gonna do what I have to do. And you see in the case of Mago man, uncle Live, even in the case of Baal, Baal had to win like 10, 11 in a row where at least be unbeaten in 10, 11 in a row before they gave him the title shot. And even as he was sitting there as the clear cut number one contender, they were doing everything in their power to give it to someone else. They offered Leon three different opponents, or excuse me, they tried to book Leon against three different opponents. Leon said yes to all of them for UFC 300. They couldn't figure it out. Hamza was one of them. Islam moving up from 55 to 70 was another Shaka, who's the guy Bilal fighting in December was another.


Like they really didn't want to do this, but at some point you have to make the fights. Let's take a break and we'll talk about the rest of the card.


This episode is brought to you by JP Morgan Wealth Management. Ever find yourself wondering about your financial future? I hope you do. Whether it's planning for your kids' education or saving for a new home, the answer is JP Morgan Wealth management with advisors and chase branches and tools like Wealth Plan and the Chase Mobile app, which is very cool. They have options for every investor. So visit your local branch or explore the Chase mobile app to get started. JP Morgan Wealth Management offers investment products and services through JP Morgan Securities, LLC, member Finra, SIPC.


This episode is brought to by Ubereats. It's football season and Ubereats is dropping undefeated deals on all your game day favorites this week. Score buy one, get one free spicy chicken sandwiches from Wendy's only on Ubereats. And if you're craving even more, we've got you covered with game day and deals on pizza, burgers, tacos, and more all season long. Ubereats official on-demand food delivery partner, the NFL. Order now for game day terms Taxes and fees apply. See app for details.


So we didn't talk about Max Holloway and what's at stake for him where, I don't wanna say his career was over two years ago, but you know, it seemed, it seemed like maybe it was the end of the end of the peak and he was gonna move into that territory that a lot of these UFC guys move into. It's like, oh, I love that guy and maybe he will win one, but he's kind of move in a different phase and that did not happen. And now if he wins this fight and becomes the first loss for por like this, vaults him to some new level, he's also beloved. It's a great spot for him. Is there a chance for him in your opinion?


Oh, there's definitely a chance. And, and he's another one of those guys that very few dislike. He is just absolutely beloved. We, we met him when he was, I think 20 years old in 2012. He took a short notice fight against Dustin Poer at UFC 1 43. And it's amazing that he's still around, not only still around, but fighting for belts, what, 12 years later. It's unbelievable. And, and to your point, when he lost Aoke in that third fight, it was very one sided. And I thought, yeah, this is probably it. This is probably the, the left turn and he'll maybe just have some fun fights and, you know, just kind of be on the roster. This is a guy who has been in a lot of fights, who has a lot of cage time, who has absorbed and dished out a lot of damage.


And so like everything was there for, you know, the fall off the cliff. All he has done since then is win and against very good opponents, the likes of Calvin Caterer, the likes of Arnold Allen, which blew me away 'cause Arnold had been so good leading up to that point. And he takes a fight against Justin Gaje at 155 pounds in April, which a lot of people, including myself said, was a mistake for two reasons. A, he was the number one contender at 45. Why are you fighting for some fictitious wwe e hardcore title esque belt known as the BMF title, which means nothing. What is the point of all this? And, and, and b the last time we saw him at 55 was against Dustin Poer back in 2019 in Atlanta.


And he was, you know, severely out muscled. He was the smaller guy. He was moving up to 55 and it was one sided traffic the entire way. He, he completely dominated Gai in a five round fight. And not only that produced one of the greatest moments in UFC history when he pointed to the ground and knocked him out cold with a second left. And so now here he is moving back to 45 on an incredible run, his confidence at an all time high. you can tell he just has sort of that like, I've been here, nothing you say bothers me, nothing you say gets under my skin. And he's been giving it back to Ilya. Ilya said he Ilya laid out this challenge on my show to him. He said, fight is gonna start.


I'm gonna walk to the middle of the cage. I'm gonna point to the ground. You meet me there, I bet you won't. And Max just said, you're just copying me. Like there's nothing cool about that. You're being a copycat just like you copy McGregor. And that was the perfect answer. And so I I I feel like a lot of fans are now saying like, yeah, you are copying him. That's pretty whack as opposed to initially people being like, oh snap. I can't believe he said that. So nothing surprises me. Obviously Topoya is the favorite. He hits really hard. I would say Max hasn't fought anyone quite like Topoya in this, in this current run, but this to me feels like a 50 50 fight. I have no idea what is going to happen because by the way, the detractors want to take away from por, including Max who has said this, or as, as recently as Thursday, you, you beat, you beat Calvin caterer to get a title shot and then you beat an Alex Kosky who was damaged goods, who took a fight on short notice and got knocked out and, and came back too soon.


You haven't done anything to earn this. And so we'll find out on Saturday if he's truly for real. Por is minus 2 65. I had another, I had a dopey NBA question, who is the NBA equivalent of Max Holloway? Ooh, NBAA equivalent of Max Holloway. Is it Jimmy Butler? Well, maybe it's not. 'cause maybe Jimmy Butler's career might be headed the wrong way. I like the Jimmy Butler comparison for this reason. Jimmy's cool, you know, like he's got his thing, he's got the coffee thing, people dig his vibe. The reason it doesn't work is 'cause he's, he's not a champion.


So everything, he's never been a champion and, and Max was a champion. So, so there's a lot of similarities there. But what people love about Max so much is that he's cool. He's, it's all very effortless. He's Hawaiian, he's chill, he's laid back, he doesn his thing. He doesn't back down from a fight and, and he just kind of like walks the walk and talks the talk. So I'm trying to think of a guy that Sounds a little more like Tim Duncan. Nah, but Duncan wasn't cool. Tim Dunk was better. Yeah, no, you're like, well Duncan was, he was, he was not. Cool. Cool. Like even keeled, but not cool. Oh yeah, but I mean like, cool, like he's got swag, you know what I mean? Like, like yeah, like cool in the sense that people want to be like him.


This is a bad example, but I I was just the name Al, her Al Horford came to mind. If only because Al like everyone likes Al it seems like and respects him. Yeah. The other name that came to mind was Kevin Garnet in that I feel like a lot of people respected him. He talked some smack as, as did Max Holloway. And, and it felt to me like KG was always just kind of effortless, effortlessly cool. You know, he, that's A good one because he won a championship, I like, yeah. And he, and he and he won a championship. So man, I'm, I'm gonna, I'm gonna, it's definitely not Paul Pierce 'cause he is not cool. I'm kidding. I'm how Dare you.


How dare you. Shamiah v Whitaker Middleweights only three fights in the last three years for Shamiah, who was one of the many this this decade. Who was like, could he be the next McGregor? And it feels like he missed his window for super duper stardom. So where, where is he now? Where is he in the landscape? You want my hot take on this? Yeah, There's a clip online, 2020. I'm doing a show with Daniel Cormier, DC and Hellani may rest in peace. And, and, and Hamza bursts onto the scene Fight Island in Abu Dhabi during the pandemic. And he wins two fights in the span of 10 days. And then he comes back in September and he wins again in a higher weight class 180 5.


And after that third fight, I said, if Hamza Sha is not a UFC champion by the end of 2021, something has gone horribly wrong. I I I would've bet my life that he would've been UFC champion well before that. Guess what? Something has gone horribly wrong. He, he has not lived up to the hype for various reasons. Number one, no fault of his own. He got really, really sick with Covid and actually retired briefly and said he was done trying to battle this. He was convinced not to retire by no less than Raman ov the, the Chechen dictator, which, which makes his presence at times a little bit uncomfortable.


Mm. Comes back and, and yes, it's been fine. He's won fights. The level of com of opposition has, has gotten tougher. But the hot take is he has lost that, that intimidation factor. He has lost that aura that we're talking about with Alex Perra. He has lost that. And when I see, you Know, you know, who agrees with you? Ben Simmons. Great. Ben Simmons, my son Robert Whitaker is an underdog. I think he's like a plus 2 60, 70, something like that. Yeah. I love Whitaker via decision. Whitaker has switched on right now. His, his Headspace is in an amazing spot. He took a short notice fight against Ikram Ali off back in June.


He was supposed to fight Hamza Hamza pulls out Ali off. Everyone was saying, ah, this could be the guy. He could be a boogeyman, he could catch him. He smoked him. And I just think he is not intimidated. He is not bothered. And what is Hamza gonna do? Is he gonna out wrestle Rob? I don't think so. Is he gonna outs strike Rob? Absolutely not. Robert Whitaker has been sparring with Jao Aya in case you are unfamiliar with him. The best cruiser weight in the world, in the world of boxing, who is an unbelievable talent out of, out of that region. Oceana as well, who's a beast and the hardest puncher arguably in the sport right now. He just scored a knockout a couple weeks ago in Saudi Arabia. Whitaker is is to me, when I see him, I see his physique, I see what he's been doing in saying I like Whitaker via decision or maybe a stoppage.


I I'm not, I'm not buying that. Hamza gets by him. Hamza isn't fighting enough. He fights once a year. He's got some mysterious travel issue where he can't fight outside of the Middle East right now. Right. It's a huge problem. Even if he does win this fight, I don't know what they do with him because honestly, if he can't fight in the United States, how can he fight for a belt now if not to get political here, but if 45 becomes 47, if you get what I'm saying, that may help the UFC. 'cause he certainly helped them with some travel issues back in the day. But otherwise, I, I don't know what they do with him if he wins. The Simmons family agrees with you. This feel, it feels like the odds are outta whack for this one. I agree. As you know, the two things I hate the most in combat sports, UFC and boxing are not fighting enough.


And then the guy who starts hitting like his mid late thirties and got knocked out once or twice, that's always like, it's never headed the right way after that. But in this case, like he's just, you're not fighting enough. And it does seem like he's had some physical toll with like, I think how many times did he have covid? At least twice. Right. But one time it was really bad. Like he, He was coughing up and stuff. Yeah, yeah. And, and, and I don't know, just there's, You Know, he had that fight last year against Kamar Usman on relative short notice. And I wasn't blown away and, and, and it was a fight that if it went five rounds, I thought Usman was gonna win by the way, worth noting this fight. And part of the reason why I like Whitaker via decision is this fight's a five round co-main event.


Whitaker has fought in five round fights all day. Hamza hasn't. Yeah. Whitaker has gas tanked for days. Hamza doesn't, we've seen him slow down against Usman. We've seen him slow down against Gilbert Burns. Whitaker never slows down. Like he can literally go for days. And so if this goes into four or five, I I I just don't, I just don't see how how hums up gets it done. So if you're betting him, you're almost better off knockout in the first couple rounds versus him winning a decision A hundred percent. And I just don't, is he gonna take Robert down and ground and pound him? Like Rob's Rob's a vet man. He, I just, I just don't see it happening. Here's, there's two other fights in the main event. Mega Madoff is fighting and this is a quote from my, my son Ben.


Oh, okay. He's what the UFC casuals wanna watch flashy spinning kicks stand up fighter. I'm not sold on him. Wow. You you're talking about Shara Bull here. He's got an incredible look to him. He's the, he's the pirate. He's the guy who has like the glass eye and he looks the part, but to your son's point has fought only sort of like a certain level of competition. He is fighting a great striker kickboxer named Armand Petn. So this will be an interesting test, but it's still not quite like higher caliber. I don't know if this is the referendum on him that some are thinking it is, but I could see what your son is saying.


I could see what Ben is saying. IIII could, I could, I could see it. I don't, you know What it is. My son feels burned by Sean O'Malley is really what it like, that was like his, so he's Just Yeah. Popping his cherry for don't trust fighters like this moment. Yeah, cool. The cool the mystique. Yeah, the, oh my God. Like look at these little six second TikTok clips of some movie did and, and he just fell for it. I mean he shouldn't have fought. I mean that, that was a tough matchup for him. And, and Sean did fine, but in the end, you know, RAB wins. This isn't the fight that, you know, sha bull will get exposed. I think it's actually gonna be a tremendous fight because of their styles. But yes, that, that is sort of like the hipster take right there where like the casuals will be like, this is the guy and the the the knowledgeable ones will be like, nah, this isn't the guy he's gonna get figured out.


The other thing is, by the way, he's another guy who, it's like he has a bit of a ceiling on him because he has a, an issue with his eye. His eye is, is completely not working. He can't fight. It appears in the United States. So Jesus. 'cause 'cause no commission is going to, to sanction that. That's what we're being told now. Maybe he gets it figured out. But that's another guy who could only fight in these, in these Middle Eastern shows. Riyadh Abu Dhabi. So bit of a weird one. You like the other fighter or no, Murphy. Oh, I love that. I I mean Lone Murphy's an lone Murphy is one of the most amazing stories. And if this guy can go on a run, he can, he can be a huge superstar.


He was walking outside of a barbershop one day and literally got shot in the face and, and the, the bullet went through his cheek and out the other side, which is just like mind blowing. So his nickname is the Miracle Larone. The Miracle Murphy representing the UK has looked very good in the UFC, looked really good in his last fight, which was a nice test for him against Dan iga, who you'll recall. Took that fight on like four days. No, no, sorry. Four hours notice. Four hours Notice. Yeah, Yeah. Against Diego Lopez back in June when he replaced Brian Ortega fought valiantly. But like, you know, really tough test. This is a nice step up for Murphy and I don't, I don't know what the odds are to be honest.


I don't look at them all the Time. Minus two 60 For Murphy? For Murphy. Yeah. My son is convinced that they're mad that IE made the UFC look bad 'cause he took a fight on four hours notice. So now they're just setting him up to get demolished. It's a conspiracy take from my hipster UFC son. Okay. I love Ben, but that one doesn't make any sense 'cause he actually helped the UFC UFC. I, that's what I told him. Like He Actually did a, he did a, I can't, I can't help you with the UFC hipster teenagers. That's his conspiracy take. He Did the masala, if anything. Yeah. Like they, they, they should reward him and, and love him. That's what I see. Not give him someone like Larone Murphy. Yeah. Because he is so good. But I agree with the lines. Larone should be the favorite. What box You did boxing recently, by the way.


Yes. We, I forgot to mention UFC 3 0 8 is is an earlier card. It's, I think it comes on 11:00 AM pt which is 2:00 PM Yeah. Card. The fucking best. I love when that happens. You've done some boxing recently, didn't you just do an awesome fight? Yes. I was at the Anthony Joshua Daniel Dubois fight at Wembley. Holy shit. 97,000 people, which is One I get AJ's my kryptonite for betting. I like, I he, I bet against him 'cause he was my least favorite fighter. I bet against him. Bet against him. He won, he won, he won. And then finally I was like, all right, fine, you got me, I'll throw you in a parlay. And then of course he gets absolutely demolished by dubois. Demolished. Demolished, man. What a, I've never been to Wembley and that was legit.


97,000 people. It is so fun being in the UK for a big fight. 'cause the way in which they treat boxing is so d like their main sports talk radio sh channel there is called talk sport. It's only football as in soccer and boxing that they talk about, right? So like you're in the, in a taxi midday and they're talking about like mid-level boxing. You would never get any radio station here in America talking about boxing or MMA midday, right? There's just too much going on. So it's such a big deal. And AJ was on such a role and he was trying to become heavyweight champion again for the third time. And here's Daniel Dubois, who's very awkward and shy and was a complete afterthought in the buildup.


A fellow Brit. And he just absolutely starched him. Well he he'd never fought like that before. I mean that was, he Was building, building, building, but not like mean That was a bus almost. Bus Douglas was king. Yeah, that was crazy. Not quite, not Quite buzz there. I'm just saying. It was, come on. It was a, It was a big freaking deal. But because of course, like AJ has been caught before, so we've seen him Yeah. Crumble. But every, the, the whole narrative was AJ's gonna win this fight and then he is gonna get the winner of Fury You sick on December 21st and then it's gonna be one of the great, you know, comeback stories in, in boxing history. And it could still happen that we get Fury, Joshua. That's the biggest fight in history. You can, it's Ted now, but both of those guys are at different points of their career. There's a guy. So my my favorite as I told you is Pereira.


For UFC. Yeah. But Coley is my favorite boxer. Ah, in a while. Did you go to That card? The one in la I I'm so mad I didn't, I just, it was a complete fuck up. I should have gone. It was a good one. And now he's hit that point that boxers rarely hit where I, I just don't think anyone wants to fight him. There's no win fight that guy's basically George Foreman in 2024. He's a great story too. And I don't know how it goes with him, but that's to me the number one fighter I wanna watch. Wow. That's high praise. Yeah. Look at you. I I I thought he was unbelievable. He he is so scary. And he's one of those rare boxers that you watch and you're like, I don't know what you do.


Like he's just coming forward and, and he is does does the earth, the seventies foreman thing and he just overpowers everybody. So I don't even know really what the answer is. I'm sure if you fought ek I'm sure EK would probably figure it out. Yeah. I mean he is not quite there yet. The, the, the, the fight that I suggested for him next was Joseph Parker, who's an amazing story in his own right. Yeah. And, and he's been on an incredible run. He is coming off a very impressive win over Les Yang. And, and he's just kind of the odd man out. So, so, so we're getting fury, Usik dubois is out there. Some people would like to see Fury Usik fight dubois next like me, if the winner of that fight. Other people wanna see Dubois AJ two.


I think that's absurd. Why should dubois have to do that again? And then there's, there's Joseph Parker and there's Martin Bley who in, in it was a BMO field where the LAFC team plays. He beat Jared Anderson, who was supposed to be like the next great American heavyweight. Destroyed him, destroyed him, just absolutely starch him. But also the, the kind of fight that doesn't happen anymore. But now, now that all this weird money is coming to boxing, you have somebody like Anderson like, all right, how much are you paying me? I'll fight pli. And then it's like, no, don't fight this guy. This is a disaster. That's Literally what happened. It it like to a t there's Turkey Al Sheik, who's the, the, the head of the, the, the, the operation over there in Saudi Arabia who's making all these fights happen.


It's great for boxing fans 'cause it's very UFC s and that we're seeing the best fight the best. Totally. He offered Jared a boatload of money. He made him an ambassador. Bob a who's his promoter, Anderson's promoter for top rank, said, don't take this fight. And afterwards said, this was stupid and we would've never booked this fight if you were fighting for us on this night. He wasn't. It was a Turkey fight. And so Turkey as in Turkey, I'll shake not the country Turkey. And, and look what happens. So now Jared Anderson takes a step back. I will say this though, look at MMA fighters and look at some of the most popular MMA fighters. They all have losses. Some of the most popular have double digit losses. And, and yeah. And I, and I hope that boxing fans and boxing pundits look at that and stop putting so much emphasis on the o and and just are so quick to write people off when they suffer a loss.


Because when you do that, you are, you are encouraging them to not fight the best. Ultimately what we want is fight fans is for the best to fight the best. And on this night, I give Jared credit, you fought one of the best you lost dust yourself off, get back out there, give me that any day over another fight against the guy who's eight and 11 and you beat him in six rounds. The problem is that was almost like A-P-T-S-D kind of knockout. Like he got absolutely eviscerated. That's a tough one to come back from. Whereas like Joshua could be like, ah, I took dubois lightly then. Yeah, I didn't realize he had that in him. This was like an absolute demolition. I just worry sometimes with boxers versus UFC, it seems like you can get knocked out and just come back and in boxing like, like you have the wrong knockout.


You're just not the same after like, it, like think about Papac. No, the last time Pao got knocked out by Marquez, that was it. Like he was never the same after that. You know? So true. I hope that's Not the case for him. He was older. He was older. And also to your point in MMA, you can use other tools to win a fight, right? So let's say you're not, you're not feeling good about your striking next time out you use your, you know, wrestling and, and juujitsu, right? But we saw it with Vul Kovski Vul Kovski was never getting hit. He got knocked out by Islam. He comes back four months later and he gets knocked out by por So. it, it happens. Especially with the older guys in MMA too. Ariel, great to see you. So great to see you. I'm, I'm glad, I'm glad we got to talk UFC.


Luck, luck Crown. Glad we're, Thank you so much on crown.com. Thank you. I appreciate it. It means a Lot. Keep this spot for Ben Simmons in like five years. Anytime. And don't worry, you don't have to mention first place Buffalo Bills. It's no big deal. No interceptions. Josh Allen. It's, we don't have to talk about that. We can save that for the next time. It's listen, not Listen. I have too much respect for you, dude. Amari Cooper to pump up the bills. To pump up the bills in October. Listen, we're doing okay. We listen, we don't want any pumping up. We're good. We're good. Just leave us Alone. Stay under the radar. That's where you wanna be. We'll see you in January. No prob well not you, not the Patriots, but we'll see everyone else in January. You We'll definitely not see the Patriots in January. They'll be watching you in January. Good to see you. Thank you. Thank You.


This episode is brought to by Uber Reserve. You know, it's a game changer for travel. Booking my ride in advance to the airport with Uber Reserve. Uber Reserve makes it easy to plan my whole trip. I just did this. Booking rides up to 90 days in advance to hope Squeeze the most outta traveling. Especially if you're doing odd hours rush hours, like early in the morning, you gotta do it. Plus, with Uber Reserve, you'll get an assigned driver. You get upfront pricing and you get extra wait time included. So go ahead plan like a pro. Reserve your Uber ride up to 90 days in advance. See app for details.


This episode is brought to you by Chase Sapphire Reserve. Seeing a band or your favorite sports team in person is great, but it could be even better with the Chase Sapphire Reserve card. It can help turn every moment into an unforgettable experience with early access tickets to concerts and sporting events, and access to some of the best seats in the house. You'll also earn three times the points on travel and dining purchases. Find your next experience with Chase Sapphire Reserve. Learn more at chase.com/sapphire reserve cards issued by JP Morgan Chase Bank, na member FDIC. Subject to credit approval terms apply.


All right, we're taping this on a Wednesday. I haven't been sick in I think three years. And over the weekend I started to feel a little under the weather and then full blown by Monday night into Tuesday I was in bed all day. And I think it's 'cause the Yankees are in the World Series. And I knew I had to have jacko on. Baseball's just been ruined for me. My body's literally rejecting a Yankees World Series appearance. I know you're about as delighted, you're like a pig in shit. I I can't stand it. It's true. This only makes me happier. Not that I would ever wish you to be ill, but the fact that nature or you know, the gods or whomever is, is not only putting the Yankees in the World Series but has rendered you incapacitated.


That's just that sweetness to me. Lemme tell you that just sweetens the pot. That's what's happened. I, it really makes me mad. I don't like that. The Yankee fans, I talked about it on Sunday night, how the Yankee fans had their chest puffed out again. And then all the Yankee fans were upset that I said that because it was just like the Celtics, where the Celtics had an easy road to the title, right? The difference was the Celtics were a historically great regular season team. You guys, you complained about this team for four and a half months. You were so mad. You hated this team, you hated the manager, you hated the gm and now you're wearing Yankees paraphernalia. And it just, it just bothers me. Jacko All, all is forgiven.


Victory. Victory is the ultimate bomb for everything. You know, that fixes everything. So yes, all my dislike of of, I didn't hate the team per se. I hated the organization. I hated the ownership, the general manager and the manager. That still holds true. It should not have been a 15 year drought. So all that I stand by. But listen, they made a run and and your notion of, well they played cupcakes or whatever. Yeah. Did they, they didn't have to face the Astros, they didn't have to face a legendary Red Sox team or any other juggernaut. But you're not giving your ring back. 'cause you played the Indiana Pacers and the number five seed Dallas Mavericks. You play who's on the schedule, that's all you can do is play who's on the schedule.


And the Yankees stepped up to the plate and they won. And Cleveland, you know, Cleveland was a number two seed in the e in the a American league. It's not like they were a six seed, they were number two. They had a legendary bullpen, they had an all time closer. People were comparing the closer to Mariana Rivera. And now we're supposed to apologize for beating that team. I'm not gonna do it. I'm not apologizing. That's true. That's your one good part of your case is that you ruined the closer they went into the playoffs thinking that they had one of the best closers of the generation. And by the end of it, he was an absolute shell. He was like our friendship Kane in college after, after three bar visits just being carried out This classe. I'm sure he is a fine guy, but when you're relegated to going on Instagram and showing your collection of trophies and awards and closer of the month, I mean that was the most, that was the saddest thing I've ever seen.


If I was a Guardian fan, I wouldn't show my face in public again. I would've burned my Classe jersey. I mean, you cannot go on Instagram and say, well sure the Yankees lit me up. But look at all these, look at my closer of the month award from June. I mean, that was the most ridiculous thing I've ever seen. I don't mean to kick Cleveland fans while they're down. They were a fine spunky team. But that was, that was abject misery right there. That was the worst thing I've ever seen. On the other hand, it epitomized the trophy generation. He's like, yeah, it's true. We might not have made it to the World Series, but here's some of the trophies I collected over the last couple years. Right. Check out how nice these are and Enjoy that Caribbean Baseball League final ring or whatever that he was flashing.


Yeah, absolutely no question. I think you owe some apologies before we keep going because these people are gonna be in your life for the, for the rest of the decade at least now. Yeah. And Boone, you weren't a fan of the, of the strategic thinking. You weren't a fan of the press conferences. No. He was somebody who had been in your life, unlike when I had second row Joe, second row, Joe got thrown into a Celtic season, right, right before the season just ripped in. He was our fourth assistant and he was overwhelmed. And the only excuse for him through the year was like, all right, this was kind of an unfair spot for this guy. And then, you know, he rebounded year two. You've had a long, long, long look at Aaron Boone.


So what happened, like a long one? What happened? Is he a good manager now or is this just No, this just went well for two months. It just went well. It went well for a couple weeks. Let's not go crazy yet. It it's gone well for a couple weeks. I mean, yes, I, I dislike him as much as anybody, any Yankee fan. And believe me, I'm not alone in Yankee fandom in my, my non love, let's say for Aaron Boone. But I, I gotta give credit where credit is due. I mean, he did a wonderful job with the bullpen. I I don't have any criticisms of anything he did. And the modern manager, that's all you have to do is you have to manage the bullpen. And so far, knock on wood, and this will come back to bite me in the ass, I'm sure in ho horrible, egregious fashion. But for so far he's done a great job with the bullpen.


The one quibble I would maybe have is they should have moved Stanton to the four hole a lot sooner and gotten Austin Wells out of there, or Jazz Chisholm out of there. But I'm not sure Boone gets to make those decisions. That's a, that's a front office Cashman algorithm thing. So I, I can't criticize Boone as much as I dislike him. I'd still dislike the press conferences. I, I dislike his general demeanor. I dislike a lot about him. But he's, he's had a good couple weeks and hopefully it continues for another week and a half or more. So that's all I can ask for at this point. But I'm not, I'm not suddenly in love. I'm not buying a Boone jersey. I I have not done a 180. It's just, you know, we'll see how it goes here. We'll see how it goes.


We're like a divorced couple giving it another chance. You sound like the Republicans talk about Trump right before the election. Eh? Well, you know, he's had a good couple weeks. We'll see how it goes. I, I wish now the Republicans are wholeheartedly in love, unfortunately with Trump. So I, I wish that was the case that they were more, more reticent, let's say, let's say their relationship with my relationship with Boone. I wish their relationship with Trump was similar, but unfortunately it's head over heels in love. Yeah. So what, can you explain the Luke Weaver thing to me? This was a guy that bounced around. I looked at his stats. They're shockingly bad career wise. He was on Shockingly, no question, A couple teams last year. I think he had like a 6, 6 7 ERA Yeah.


He give up like 25 more hits than innings pitched and just seemed like a runner. Mill mill dude, as you know, I'm in that ale keeper league, right. He was not somebody, people were scampering to get, even by like late July, although you could feel like somebody was gonna get innings with the Yankees bullpen. And it was like, who's it gonna be? And then it, it, it's inexplicably became him and he now pitches every game and he lights out. So what happened? Well he, I mean he did give up a home, you know, a big home run in game three that almost murdered me. But yes, he has been very good. It's amazing how much confidence I have in him, given everything you just said. Which is accurate. I mean, I suffered through the Clay Holmes experience as the closer as we Right.


As all Yankee fans did. And he was brutal. Brutal. And that was another classic boon and and management where they would not, they were so stubborn and they wouldn't say, no, this is a mistake. We have to switch it till like the, it was became glaringly clear to everybody. Like you had to get Clay Holmes outta there. So Luke Weaver kind of became the guy by default. And I don't know what it is, he is caught lightning in a bottle or some magic or I'm not sure what it is, but he lightning in A bottle. He doesn't seem, Yeah, not, not literally in a bottle. Take it easy. 'cause I saw your text about am I his steroid dealer or whatever, like guy weighs 150 pounds, gimme a break. So listen, Anytime anyone on either of our teams Inex starts doing well, we have to get off our round of HGH jokes. But yeah, he is 50 pounds of, Of course, but I don't know.


So I, I don't know if it's just that the league hasn't seen him. He is figured something out. You know, he's developed some magical pitch. I'm not sure what it is. But the, and the guy, the thing is like, the guy doesn't seem to shrink from the moment he seems confident. Right. So that's what you like to see. Like he doesn't, he is got the intestinal fortitude for it, you know, so knock on wood, and this is all kind of come, you're, these, these jinxes you're working are magical. This is gonna come bite me in the ass too. But he's been lights out and, and miraculously the aforementioned Clay Holmes who was brutal, he is been good in the playoffs except for the other day when he gave up his classic two run home run to tie the game. But otherwise he's been miraculous in this postseason too. So is the run of the, of the bullpen guys that you don't count on, is that gonna, that that have come up big?


Is that gonna continue? I don't know, but I hope so. Like, maybe it's one of these things where you just, you know, they get on a hot streak and they, they carry it through. I don't know. We'll see it, It does happen. It is a recipe for unexpected baseball playoffs success where you just have one reliever or two reliever who just all of a sudden become light lights out and there's no explanation for it. You know, there was some criticism of boot I saw in some corners that, that, that they brought in Weaver, I think in game two when they had a fairly good lead or try to get a five out save. And he did. And then the next day he gave up the home run and they're like, well, he is overworked and they've seen him too much. I, I can't kill Boone for that. I, you gotta, when you're trying to get to a World Series, you gotta go for the jugular and you gotta put your best guy in there.


So I'm not gonna kill him for that. And, you know, did the Guardian see him too much? I don't know. They couldn't solve him after that. They had the, they had the one game three against him and he was lights out after that. So yeah, I, I mean, yeah, let's hope he keeps it up. Well, I've seen enough. I think he's lights out. I mean, you might as well call him Rivera Jr. Okay, good try. Thanks. Thanks buddy. Good. No, I've Seen I full confidence in him because I think I'm gonna bet on the Yankees just as a complete spite bet. Perfect. Perfect. Yeah, I've been thinking about that. Good. But the, it's good, as you know, I was telling you and JJ that my dream was for you to get to the World Series for the chest to be puffed out again for the Yankee hats and the shirts and the jerseys to all come out and to be like, here we go, shattered.


It's just like the seventies. We're gonna beat these guys just like we did almost 50 years ago. And then, and then the Dodgers just whip your asses and then steamroll and then you just left a shell of yourselves. That's my dream. See, Here's, that's a, that's fair. I would feel the same if it was the shoe was on the other foot and it was the Red Sox. That's totally fair. But here's the thing, I'm not gonna be a shell because this is, this is what it's come to. And this is maybe Maybe makes me a shell going into it. It's been 15 years since the Yankees have been at a World Series. So I, I'm like happy to be in the World Series. It's crazy that that's what I have to say as a Yankees fan. But that's what it's come to like, I think winning Kind, oh, this is already a win. Winning. Just hearing that is a win. I so happy. I Think winning, I know, I think winning the Pennant was a successful season for them.


And the Dodgers have, you know, a big huge payroll team. Not like the scrappy Yankees with Austin Wells and Anthony Volpe and guys that came up through the system. You know, the Yankees can't go, players like can't go buy players like the, you know, they don't have the budget of the Dodgers, you know? Right. Gamma Moto 300 million and Tani, you know, a billion or whatever his soundtrack is. So, you know, the s are just there and they'll try to do the best against this la juggernaut, you know. Can you explain the body switching Judge Stanton thing with the regular season into the playoffs? Why that happens? Because Judge is one of the worst postseason stars probably in the modern era compared to what his regular seasons are. And, and at this point you probably trust Stanton in a big spot more than judge, which is insane.


Stanton has made an all-star team in six years. Completely insane. It's completely insane. And Stanton is postseason Stanton. I mean, I, I was talking to JJ yesterday and you know, they show these stats, which are a little hokey because Babe Ruth only played in World Series. There wasn't three playoff rounds, but Stanton has the same number of post-season home runs as Babe freaking Ruth. I mean, it's crazy. You know, I know it's inflated obviously with the stats, but anytime you're mentioned with Babe Ruth and home runs in the post-season, it's impressive regardless of the additional rounds. So for, you know, Stanton is apparent, is a not apparently, he's a, he's a post-season guy. He comes through and, you know, pe I've, I've been right there with everybody killing Stanton because of his contract.


Because he runs like, he has not one but two pianos on his back. He swings wildly and strikes out it's just everything. But he has been everything and more for them in the postseason. And not only, not only the hitting in the home runs, but like the leadership after they won the A LCS, he's like, this isn't a big deal. We're, we're not done. We will want one more ring. And they, you know, I think it was somebody, I forget who it was Volpe or somebody said, you know, judge is the captain, but Stanton is like captain one B. Like he's a leader there and they all look up to him and they love him. And you know, he's been the guy that carried him and judge who I love, I, I yield to no one in my love of Aaron Judge. But he has not showed up this postseason in two, two rounds. Now. He has been missing an action.


He had a big home run in game three. I'll, I'll give him that. But other than that, he has been extremely, extremely quiet. And I am hopeful in my Yankee soul that he will wake up in the World series. He is been dying to get there since, you know, that's the one piece that's missing for him now. He's on the big stage and you know, Yankee icons, Yankee legends are made in the postseason. So now is his time to step up. Do I have confidence he will. No, but I hope he does. So I'm, I'm hopeful. Stanton 36 playoff games. 16 homers pretty Good. Yeah. Incredible. It was, it was very good. Yeah, absolutely. Judge 53 playoff games. 15 homers. He's batting a crisp 2 0 3 in the playoffs.


Three 11 on base. He struck out 79 times in 202 at bats. It feels worse. It does feel worse. It does feel worse. And that's the thing, like, you know, the Yankees beat the guardians in five games and they, they beat the royals in, what was it? Three games, four games. And they haven't really played well, quite frankly. Yeah. You know, they hit so like Two 30. Soto is great. Stanton was great. Glab has been great getting on base. And Anthony Rizzo, they should break his fingers more often in the regular season because he apparently bats better with two broken fingers. He's been good. But other than that, I mean, judge has done nothing. Verdugo has done less than nothing. Yeah. Jazz Chisholm has done less than, less than nothing.


They still can't get hits in big moments that would open the game up. So, you know, my blood pressure in this series was generally about 300, over 200 because they can't get a big hit in a big situation. You're never comfortable with anything because they can't get a lead. And then somehow they, you know, they can't run the bases to save their life. They, it's not a game unless they make at least one base running mistake. Right. They're not good defensively. And yet here they are in the World Series. So I, I don't know, it's magic or, or the other team's ineptitude or whatever it is. But you know, I'll take it. Here we are and I hope, you know, maybe they can flip the switch in the World Series and you know, that's what they need. The bright lights and the big stage and guys like, judge, step up to the plate, metaphorically.


I really like where you are. I like where you are mentally. This is great. You do. I Yeah. 'cause I, you're not reverse jinxing. I don't, I it feels like you don't trust this team. It feels like a guy who has his guard up because like deep down has his guard up a little bit. Why wouldn't I, Why, why wouldn't I after 15 years, what, like, what, what in their history in 15 years would lead me to be like, yeah, we got this in swagger around the room. Like, I wish I could, as you know, I'm pessimistic by nature anyway, but you know, this team for 15 years, they, they've come up small in, in big spots. So this has been an amazing surprise to get to the World Series. Like, I'm happy I, I'm happier than I thought I would be.


But you know, I have a, my older daughter's away in college. I have a 13-year-old daughter and she came down the other night and was watching me watch the game and she was there when Soto hit the home run and watched me jump around my living room and fist pump and laughed at me. And then she went back upstairs and I texted her 'cause I didn't wanna wake her mother. And I said, bridge, you gotta come back downstairs, you gotta watch the final three out. You're the lucky charm. And she did. And then I fist pumped and jumped around the room and she gave me a hug. She wasn't even born the last time the Yankees went to a World Series. Right. It was two years before she was born and now she's old enough to be cognizant of what a lunatic her father is and join him in his celebration. So it's like, you know, that was a nice moment for me. It was great. But I'm like, you know, you weren't even born the last time they went to a World Series.


It's crazy to think of because, you know, she's on the verge of going to high school. So given that history, why, why would I have a lot of swagger really? You know, I'd like to, but I don't, it sounds like this is your fault. You, you didn't incorporate maybe your daughter enough daughters are good luck charms. I know, I, I tried. She has a lot of Yankee stuff, but you know, she's, she's more into Taylor Swift and Sabrina Carpenter. Wait, tell me a teenage girl isn't really clicking with baseball. Yeah. Shocker, isn't it? Yeah. Shocker. She's not that into it. She was into it the other night just for the joy, but yeah. Of joy that brought her father. But other than that, no, not so much. It's funny reading the previews of the series because a year starting pitchings in better shape, right? Yeah, Absolutely.


The Dodgers have had a bunch of injuries. They basically have three starters and they just have their fingers crossed and they're mixing and matching. Right. And sometimes the breaks can help with the bullpen, but just in general, like, I don't even know what that means anymore because nobody throws seven, eight innings. True. Just in general, you watch these and part of me just doesn't like baseball as much, even though they've done a lot of good stuff with the, with the pitch clock and the playout baseball is as fun as ever. But I don't know if I we're both old now. We're, I think we've, we've, I've aged out of the 18 to 54 CB the demo where the advertisers care about you. I've now moved into the Chicago Fire Chicago PD demo and you're coming in July.


Right. I, the thing I think that makes me the maddest about baseball and it's nobody's fault 'cause they have better, you know, better ways to understand pitcher injuries and arm stuff. I just really miss watching starters go deep into games. Me too. And, and just be like, oh man, he's gotta get through this lineup one more time and set up the eighth, ninth innings. It's just gone now. Nobody, like, literally nobody has it. And it's this mixed match of just bullpen changes and guys coming in and, and righty lefty stuff. And I just don't like it as much. It, I mean it's nuts when you, when you look at stats now, or they, they reference somebody who pitched like, you know, eight or nine innings in a postseason game.


You know, Nolan Ryan or somebody, you know, I'm trying to think of some great, you know, Randy Johnson or somebody, you Know, well remember we watched, we watched that Jack Morris game together, Right? Yes. Exactly. The game seven when he just pitched the whole game and it was fucking put the whole team on his back. And now when you look at a stat like that, you might as well be talking about like Mordecai three Finger Brown in like 1918. You know, like it's like such an ancient stat. Like this archaic ancient stat analytics has ruined the game and that's the part that they've ruined the most. I'm so happy that base, I mean, the pitch clock has really made a difference that the game is so much more watchable now without, with the pitch clock and with the shift being banned. Like thank God they got the analytics away from that.


Yeah. Not the stepping out of the, out of the box, but the shift was a total analytics thing. But the one analytics thing is the pitching and like, you know, the notion of you would ever have a, you know, a bullpen game, you know, Earl Weaver or Casey Stengel would've keeled over the notion of that, you know, Billy Martin would've keeled over at the notion of that 'cause he like to run starters into the ground. But it's such a different game now. And you're right, I do miss that. And like, you know, back when you guys had Pedro, you're like, well Pedro, we're good with Pedro for seven innings and then we get into the bullpen, you know? Yeah. Where the Yankees, you know, we have David Cone, we'll get, we'll get six or six on a cone and then we're gonna go to Ramiro Mendoza and then we're gonna go to Mariano and then we're gonna go to Wetland in 96. So, it was like the Yankees kind of shortened games to a six inning game.


But now starters, it's like a four inning game and they're like, oh, Ronan went four and two thirds. It's a good start. Like what the Old days standing out, we got 14 outs. Right. The old days they would've like laughed him out of the building. And now it's a big thing. It's, it's crazy how much that's changed. No doubt. Yeah. That's why. So the Dodgers like, I don't feel like it's as big of a deal that they have like this ravage starting rotation, whereas 20 years ago you'd be like, oh, they're fucked. They only have three pitchers. Right. And like the Yankees would like, the one advantage the Yankees have is their starters are better on paper. But you're right. Like that's not that much of an advantage anymore because one, the bullpens find a way to make it work if you're the Dodgers. Yeah. And, and two, the starters don't go as deep. So regardless, you know, Cole's not gonna pitch, you know, eight inning, one hit shutout game.


You know, they won't leave him in that long. 'cause they're like, well we gotta have 'em fresh for game four. You know, they show, I saw some stat the other day of the late Fernando Valenzuela rest in peace. He just died. He had like 149 pitch game they talked about in 1981 in the World Series. Now guys now don't pitch 149 pitches in three games, let alone in one game. You know? Yeah. There was this famous Louis Teon died too recently, who was Yeah. You know, the first, the first like star pitcher I can remember when I started watching baseball and he had some game against Jim Palmer in 1975 where they both just pitched complete game, 10 inning games. I saw that in that game. It's just like there's a 0% chance we're ever seeing that again.


But we would've said that in the seventies about some of those Cy Young and Right. Mordecai, Rick, all, all those stats from guys throwing 400 innings. Right, right. Yeah. The, all those old pitching stats, like Cy Young's wins are certainly untouchable. But like any complete game records or anything, those are never ever getting touched. Ever, ever. So Juan Soto, great trade, you get, you gave up a lot, but not, not enough to offset No. How awesome. It's to have Juan Soda on your team. And he's at a good point in his career and I was making fun of that long at bat on Sunday, but it was pretty cool, like watching Yeah. Whatever his OCD nodding thing that he does where he's like getting locked in, it's like, oh, this is fun.


He look almost looks like a bouncer at a bar ready to like kick somebody's ass. That's right. Can they, do they have to keep him now? Like what, what plays out with him? Well, I, they ha well, yes, from my perspective, they have to keep him and money would be no object. I mean, any amount of money he wants. 'cause Boris isn't gonna let, I think he's happy with the Yankees. He seems to be, they love him, but I don't think he's gonna do a quote unquote hometown discount. I know it's not his hometown, but I don't think he's gonna give them a discount. Yeah. So it's gonna cost a lot of money. And you know, the Yankees, Hal is a bean counter, so, you know, I'm, I'm, I think I would like him to stay very desperately. I would like them to resign him and, and at any cost, it's not my money except, you know, it's my money when I go pay for games and pay $35 for a beer and $20 for a hot dog.


But yeah, I would like them to resign him. But, but two things worry me in that regard and that Hal Steinbrenner was on the stage the other night when they handed him the trophy and sounded about as excited as somebody who gets a new computer at work, like from their office and was like, oh, it's good. Yes. This is wonderful. This thing. It's like, how can we have an ounce of passion? Like just one heartbeat, Anything? Whoa. It's a trophy. Oh, it's heavy. Look at that. Oh yeah. No, no passion whatsoever. I made a joke about it on Twitter. It was like such a downer. He was like, honest to God, no, no feeling whatsoever. So that worries me. And what Al also worries me is that the Mets had a magical run this year and you know, or maybe a piece or two away and has a, have an owner who, where money is no object for him.


Yeah. And he's like, I'll throw Juan Soto a billion dollars. He doesn't have to leave New York. He, it's the same thing, just a different team. You're still in the big city and the bright lights, you know, I'm not sure how he's gonna pony up for that, you know, if it gets to be a bidding war. So I think they have to keep him. He is 25 years old. You can't make the argument of, oh, well, you know, he's gonna be old and decrepit at the end of this contract, but you know, you're gonna get five to six to seven great years out of him. Presumably at 25 years old, he's only getting better. Yeah. And the guy's one of the best hitters in baseball and a lively player who brings life to the team. I mean, the team's not that different from what they had last year, not ma making the playoffs and now they're in the World Series. You gotta look at him as a difference maker.


So, it just be you pay Soto whatever he is gonna get. And then it's Soto and Judge going forward. Yeah. I mean, and, and Build on that as Luc, I mean, as much as I love Stanton's pro season performance, if you could find a way to shed yourself of some of that contract that would save you money To, how many more years is that? That thing was like, It's like three, I believe. Oh God. I could, I could be wrong. So those three years are painful. But you know, he's, he's done great this postseason, so I'm not throwing him under the bus. Gla Torres is gonna be a free agent and they're probably not gonna resign him. And he's been a postseason hero too. But that's gonna save you some money. Rizzo clears the books. I don't think he's a fortune, but they, they save some money a little bit. So, you know, you, you go with, you go with an outfield of, of Soto and Judge and Dominguez going forward and judges Oh, Dominguez older.


Yeah. We're Still excited about him. Well, I am, the Yankees don't seem to be, because they, they don't wanna play him ahead of Verdugo who, 'cause Verdugo is better defensively. Dominguez was kind of a hack in the outfield when they brought him up late, but they waited forever to bring him up after he was healthy. They, they seemed down on him and the guy was like, he was great in a small sample last year and everybody got excited about him. But the Yankees brass doesn't seem very excited about him. So I, I don't know what that means for his future. But he's cheap. They like that. So, you know, he's under control. They like that. So, you know, he's a serviceable option. And to give you Soto and save some money there. What's the Yankee fever situation in the Tri-state area?


Oh, humongous. This was like, this was like such an exhalation of relief. Like this was so like 15 years of pent up tension and anger and disappointment. I know, like for myself and every Yankee fan, I see like my aforementioned daughter had a cross country meet on Saturday and I'm sitting around waiting for them to run and there's a guy in a Yankee shirt and I'm like, hey, big game tonight. And we chatted up for like 10 minutes, a complete stranger 'cause he is wearing a Yankee shirt. So it's like that kind. Oh, Yankee, you're back Yankee magic. No, totally back. And I saw, I've seen a lot more like Yankees, sweatshirts and jackets as always happens. You know, I used to be living in Connecticut right on the borderline here. And it was always, you know, the last few years has been a lot of Red Sox stuff and the Red Sox stuff has been put away for the winter and the Yankee stuff has been brought out.


So yeah, definitely. Mm. There's a lot of peacocking going around in Connecticut. No question. I wish we still had a good Red Sox team, so we could have duke this out. And sadly, I'm glad There's not, We just decided not to have one anymore. That's too much for me. That's too much for me. I could barely survive this after 15 years. Maybe if the Yankees, you know, the Yankees win this one, hopefully knock on wood or make a, you know, make a serviceable effort in the World Series and then maybe they're good again next year then maybe I'll, I'll think about the Red Sox and I can take it. 'cause the Yankees will have had a little bit of success. So Yeah, I was trying to think of the stages of when you go through this with the baseball team, you know, 'cause like when we're the, when we're you're kids, it means the most right?


You're just irrational Then in your twenties it also is still irrational and crazy thirties, you're a little older, but it's still irrational. But then we're at a stage now where it, it's really taxing to go through this for a month. 'cause we're fucking old. It's so, like Sal's talking about that, it's like, like Al Sal needed like a vacation from the Mets being in three playoff, three plus playoff rounds. Like, he needed to like regroup mentally and physically afterwards. Every day there's an off day I amm like, oh good, I can go to bed early. I need my rest, I need to rest up. And it's like, I'm not actually playing in these games by the way. Like I'm just sitting on my couch watching it and I'm like, oh God, I'm, I'm ta that was a taxing game.


I need to recover. You know? So it's true. They, it's like, you know, I'm the old guy going, why did they start these so late? You know? So I know that's me. And then it's like, you know, the Yankees game, when they won the other night, I was like, I was up till one in the morning. Now, thankfully that was on a Saturday, but it was still like, oh God, thank God I got a couple days to recover from that. So do you wanna apologize to Cashman or that's never coming? Never ever. No, never. God no. Ever. No. Nobody in the front office. I, I said to on J J's podcast last night, I said, you know, I'm not, I I think the Yankees like, I'm not sure they really like so much excelled this year as the rest of baseball maybe came back to them. Like yeah, like there was no certainly The American League, right?


I mean that's definitely the case. There was no a hundred game winner, at least in the American League. I don't think the Dodgers won a hundred games, did they? Or if they did 98, they just won 198. So nobody won a hundred games. Which is kind of crazy. 'cause usually in most years there's a team that will win a hundred or 105 or something, you know. So not to have a hundred game winner. There was nobody, like when you say, well the Yankees didn't play anybody, and I I I will grant you that to some degree, but like who in the American league was there that was like that they should have played that would've made it tougher. Houston, I guess. But I mean Baltimore, I was, Baltimore was, that was the big, they just, you know, gagged. But Baltimore was set up for them. And I, Texas just had had a year from Baltimore. Hell, Baltimore was the darling pick of everybody though.


And I'm not sure Baltimore ever really lived up to the hype. I mean they, they had, they Had some bad injuries. They had some bad injuries, no question about it. But, you know, I'm not sure, and I'm, this will come back to haunt me too. I'm just, I'm just throwing caution to the wind with these jinxes. I'm not sure their prospects really lived up to the hype. Like, you know. No, you're right. Rushman and Carlson and these guys like, you know, they had this, I saw this poll before the season started and baseball writers were like, oh, the Orioles are gonna win the ales. They're gonna win The al who's the player you're most excited to see. It was like rushman, like nothing about Soto. And like everything was Orioles, Orioles, Orioles. And I'm like, you know, they had a good season for them until the place playoffs. But I mean, well actually they didn't really have a good season. I mean they were picked by everybody to win. They never were really a huge threat in the division.


Yeah. And then they did nothing in the postseason and all these prospects, you know, all these baseball prospectus guys and they loved these prospects and we overrate everybody and everybody's the next Jeter or the next, you know, whoever. And it's like, I don't know, maybe they'll live up to the hype again. That could bite me in the ass too and I'll be like dealing with the Orioles for the rest of my life. But I don't know, so far I'm not that impressed. Like your guy Volpi, No offense. Mallory, Your guy Volpi, what did he hit? Like 2, 2 30? Yeah. He Had steel At these. Yeah, he's, he's been good in the postseason and I get, you know, he is good defensively. He won a gold glove last year. Yeah. But I mean, again, I, you know, yeah, Volpi was the second coming a Jeter and the Yankees couldn't go out and sign, you know, Machado or any other shortstop or infielder because oh, Volpi, you know, he had the lane blocked for everybody and he, he doesn't light the world on fire either at all.


Although he is been decent in the postseason I'll, I'll not throw him under the bus either, but he, he is not, you know, he's not a, he's not Jeter, he is not close. These prospects fools gold lot of the time the Red Sox have a bunch of them Coming up that we're all super excited about and my dad, like he watches the Worcester Box scores and shit like that. Sure. The Woo Socks. But we know it's like probably a one in three chance that one of 'em actually like really crushes and is awesome. You know, it's a lottery ticket how baseball goes and then the pitchers, I don't know how you get excited about a minor league pitcher, maybe Maybe. It's like, maybe Remember that guy we drafted first? Oh yeah, his, his elbow came off. He's having triple Tommy John surgery.


Remember we were in college and the Yankees had been, you know, the stunt me years were mediocre. Yeah. And we were, I was fired up 'cause they were 81 and 81 and they had the number one pick 'cause they were so bad and they took Brian Taylor and Right. Brian Taylor has got a 98 mile an hour curve ball and you know, throws 120 or whatever. Not literally, but he was the greatest thing since sliced bread. And then he, you know, kicked around in the miners, got in a bar fight and blew out his arm and it was nothing. So it's like, you know, I was ready to go by his jersey number, a jersey went waiting for him to get a number. And then he is, you know, I, I don't know what he is doing now, but he is not pitching for the Yankees and never did. So yeah, that's that same year. Those prospects are Doesn that same year. Chuck La Pasta and I were trying to hunt down Phil Planter rookie cards. Right, Exactly. Which I still have some in case you, if you're interested can sense of your way.


Perfect. Alright, so Yankees, Dodgers, who, who do you hate the most on the Dodgers? Have you worked up some sports hate yet? No, and that will come, I'm sure after the game. But, you know, I don't watch a lot of, I don't watch a ton of Dodgers games. I can't really think of anybody that I, I hate on the Dodgers. There's gonna be a couple you're gonna hate. Oh, I'm sure you're gonna hate Kik Hernandez. Well, you'll hate his pets immediately. Well I know He's a, he's a post-season menace and a and a pest. I get that. He always has big post-season numbers. And I did tune in sporadically to some of the Mets Dodgers and he was always in the middle of something and he was always doing something. He's pesky. I can't hate Mookie Bets, who's a generational player that no team would ever, ever let go from their team. So, you know, he's just phenomenal Hall famer.


It's good that he's gonna start and finish his career. The Dodgers, I don't really just got sad know there's nobody I hate. Ask me again, ask me again in a couple days. And I'm sure I'll have a litany of people that I hate. But nobody yet, Before we go, I need your, and I frankly befo, let me just interject this and this will come back to bite me too, but, 'cause the Dodgers will probably steamroll them, but I like the history of playing the Dodgers. Like there's a lot of history Yankee Dodgers back to the Brooklyn days. And good for you. You know, I like, yeah, I like the history. I like the history of it in the New York baseball thing and going back, you know, Jackie Robinson and Yogi Berra and Mickey Mantle and you know, thinking of all the games and, and everything else and you know, I remember being a kid, I was seven and eight in 1977 and 78.


So that's when I first became, you know, interested in baseball and a Yankee fan. So I remember those world series to some degree. So I'm excited for this, I'm excited for this. Yankees. Yankees, Mets obviously would've been interesting. But Yankees, Dodgers I think is interesting from a historical per perspective. Well I was an only child like you and I remember watching all of those games and Reggie's three home run game against the Dodgers felt like the most important thing that literally had ever happened. It just was So. it was so incredible and unbelievable. And I Just, just like Judges for home run game will be this for the kids of this generation. So. Well That might happen. I know who you're gonna hate are the celebrities sitting in the first few rows of the Dodger game.


I think that those are the people you know, you, you'll see like Judd Apatow, Rob Reer, We don't have Larry King there anymore. God rest his soul. No, He's coming. Say they're gonna, they they embalmed him. He's gonna be in there. What About Mary? Is Mary Hart from Entertainment Tonight? Is she still with us? Because she's next to Larry King. Think still. She's not still with us. Mary Hart. I don't, I don't, I didn't, I haven't seen her in a game. I don't know. She's probably still with us. maybe but Maybe they're, maybe they're saving her for the World Series. Yeah, she was always there. And like Rob Lowe will be there like in a dodgers's hat or something. Jason B Yeah, yeah, that's true. There'll be a lot of stars there. That's true. I won't care for that. I'll tell you this impossible ticket, especially 'cause it's the Friday night, Saturday night here.


It's, I it's single hardest ticket since I've lived in LA for anything because of all the New York fans. The Con 'cause we, there's so many New York fans, Yankee fans, transplants that are in LA that wanna go So it. I don't think there's ever been a price of your ticket. Like it's, it's basically like $2,000 to get in the building. I know the Yankee, even the Yankee stadium games, it's like a grand first standing room only ticket. Just like stand in the outfield. Yeah, it's nuts. Baseball has to love this because BA baseball, you know they had Texas and the Diamondbacks last year. Right. You know, God, God bless them. No offense to them, but not exactly a marquee matchup to the national baseball fan. But you know, Yankees, Dodgers, like I said with the history and you know, the uniforms and the, you know, New York and la there's a lot to like about this from a casual fan perspective.


A history that you can also do the whole thing. Like the only time you beat us was during the strike year didn't really count. Yeah. In 80 split Season. They beat him in 1955. The Dodgers did. Yeah, but I'm saying like in La LA versus New York. Yeah. LA versus yeah. Not Brooklyn, LA Yeah, well LA beat 'em in 63, but they had Koufax in Dries Dale. It was like four nothing. And Mickey Mantle was on the downside, so Oh, You're right. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. I forgot about that. Yankees Got swept. Yeah, yeah. Swept. But they Kofax, Andries Drysdale, you know, and Whitey Ford at that point I think was on Fumes and Mickey was on More Than Fumes and you know, it was the Yanks that was like the downside of the Yanks dynasty.


Although then they went back and lost again in 64 to the Cardinals. But yeah, that was the downside of it. So yeah, 63, 55 and 81, the Dodgers have won and the Yankees have won eight other times. So history's on my side. Oh that a what Does, does history mean? Oh that's because I forgot about 63. You Know, it's eight to three Yankees. Mickey's had a little bit of a resurgence in the social media era. There's a, there's good Clips Clips every once in a while. Like him at a roast. Like just like destroying Mickey, Billy Martin. Yeah, absolutely. I'm glad social media was able to appreciate how funny Mickey Manto was. They, you know what always pops up, you know you're on Facebook and they have these random reels that pop up or whatever and there's always one of him, him and Billy Martin on Letterman where they tell the story right about when they went hunting and the G and the farmer or whatever.


So yeah, there's a lot of good Mickey stories. I'm like, yeah, I'm sure that was a good night after the two of them went on Letterman. I bet they went home and went to bed after that. I'm sure you know Who's the Oldest? Brilliant. Oh my god, that, that must been crazy. Who's the oldest famous Yankee now? Well that's a good question. Well see the thing thing is now because we Saw ba CZI for the Celtics. Like when they had the banner night, he was there, it was 96. That's fantastic. Holy cross theater's baby. A guy Saters the old. That's a good question. Like, you know all those guys. Yogi is Yogi Alive? No, Yogi died a couple years ago. No, he's gone. Whitey Ford is gone. Mickey Manley is gone. Billy Is long gone. Yeah.


All those Are gone. Billy's long gone. You know what the problem is is you said we're getting old. The guys who were the old guys now are the guys from like the seventies teams. Well like, Like Lou Ola, Fernando, Louisie Jackson. Yeah. Both dying. Yeah, right. Pete Rose died. Exactly. Pete Rose. Right. There's nobody, there's nobody from like the sixties teams. Tony Kubeck may still be around, I'm not sure. Is Tony Kubeck? We've got some people need to, I wanted people to respond on Twitter. Is Mary Hart still alive and his 20 Put out a series of tweets to freak people out? You, you know who's still alive is Yaz. I know, it's great. And the funny thing is, didn't he smoke a Pack cigarettes a game? Yes. Dunks a dugout And he still, and he still kicking And drinking. Like I think he had vodka in his locker and he was smoking cigarettes every game.


That'd, that'd be a lesson to all you health nuts out there, you know, so totally. Kids, if you're listening at home, you should start smoking and drinking vodka, smoking against, I'm kidding. Can come back, right? Yeah. So ho yeah, so the oldest, yeah, I mean it's probably like, you know, I don't feel like the Yankees really utilize the greats like they used to anymore. Either like Nick Swisher, who, you know, I have a long end story, history issues, history. Nick Swisher, he threw out the first pitch in one of the games and I'm like, Nick, I don't understand. Like when Nick Swisher was voted into the pantheon of great Yankees, I, I don't, I I was not there for that vote, believe me. But so you know, they don't utilize like the Core four anymore. Jeters on tv. So he probably can't do it.


But they should bring back Petit and Posada and guys like that Mar the Great Mariano. And again, maybe they're saving them for the World Series, but, or guys from the seventies, Willie Randolph, you know Chris Chambliss, I think I know Chris. Chris must, was Chris good? Yeah, Chris Chambliss, absolutely. Guys that had some Reggie, although Reggie works for the Astros now. So that's a little, that's a little, and you know, that's a little rough. But yeah, those are the guys that should be the old guys that used to have like the Whitey Ford and Mickey Mantle role for the Yanks. Back in the day, Chambliss had the greatest walk off Homer of all time. 'cause he had to fight off Drunk. Probably 2,500 drunk Yankee fans. What an era that was. Right. Tackle In second base.


Everybody run on the field and be crazy that In a complete game are two things. We'll never see again. True. 22nd prediction on the election. I think Trump's gonna win. I, if you had asked me that a month ago, I wouldn't have said that. But I think the way things are trending, I think Trump is gonna win. And I'm, I'm as amazed by that. Well, I mean this whole election, thank God I've got this World series 'cause this whole election is just a depressing outcome either way for me it's just so, it's just too, these are, this is the best we can do. Like this is the third election in a row. I've been like, this is the best we can do. Really this is the best we can do. But I think if you, if you ask me right now, I think Trump's gonna win.


Jacko worst of luck with the World Series. It all played out how I wanted. Yeah. I'm not gonna root for the Yankees. No. And you know, I hate them. And you wouldn't root for the Red Sox. No, course not. You never rooted for a Red Sox in any World Series. No, I love you, but I'd root against you and vice Versa. Yeah. This has been, we've navigated this since 1988. We've been able Absolutely. We've been fine. Continue. I'm gonna root against the Yankees. We'll continue. There you go. I do like that. I do like the fact that your daughter turned out to be a good luck charm. Like if there's, if that, if that becomes a theme, it's one thing thing. It be hard for me to root against that, but Perfect. Good. That's good. She's gonna be the mascot. That's good. Well, I'll, I'll cling to that. And her Thanks for coming on Jacko. Thanks Buddy. Always fun. Good To see you. All right, Bye-Bye.


Alright, that's it for part one of the podcast. Thanks to Kyle Creon and Steve Saru. As always, thanks to Jacko. Thanks to Ariel Ani, thanks to me. I guess I was the first guest I soloed, so I'm gonna thank myself. That's it for part one. you can watch all the clips on the Bill Simmons YouTube channel. And don't forget, part two is coming late night after the Thursday night football game and some of the basketball games will be putting up part two. So stay tuned for that season.


Must be 21 plus in President Select states for Kansas and affiliation with Kansas Star Casino, or 18 plus in President dc. Gambling problem, call 100 gambler. Visit rg help.com. Call 1 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org/chat in Connecticut. Or visit md gambling help.org in Maryland. Hope is here. Visit gambling helpline ma.org or call 8 3 2 7 50 50 for twenty four seven. Support Massachusetts. Or call 1 8 7 7 8 Hope ny. Or Text HOPE NY in New York.