
Coming up I have an An NBA Midseason Power Poll plus college football. A lot of it next.


This episode is brought to you by State Farm. State Farm helps you score an affordable price when you choose to bundle home and auto insurance with the personal price plan. Bundling home and auto. That's a pro move. Just another way you can save on your insurance needs. Talk to a State Farm agent today to learn how you can bundle and save with the personal price plan. Like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Prices are based on rating plans that vary by state coverage. Options are selected by the customer availability. Amount of discounts and savings and eligibility vary by state.


This episode is brought to you by Unstoppable. If you're a fan of classic sports films, you're gonna love this new one. It's called Unstoppable. It tells the true story of Anthony Robles who overcame so much in his life to become a national wrestling champion directed by William Goldenberg and from Amazon MGM Studios. You've got a star-studded ensemble cast here, including Jarrell Jerome, my guy Don Cheadle, Michael Pena, Bobby Val and of course Jennifer Lopez who plays Judy the loving mom whose unwavering support helps Anthony Defy the Odds Watch Unstoppable Now exclusively on Amazon Prime Video.


We're also brought to you by The Ringer Podcast Network. I don't have new re watchable for you this week. We did record a long giant mailbag that we're gonna run on Monday's episode and then we'll be back to a normal schedule after that. So thanks for your patience on that one. You can also check out the Ringer Movies YouTube channel for a lot of the old re watchable we've done as well as the Spotify archives.


We're also brought to buy FanDuel Sportsbook where we're still doing 30 on 30. It's a profit boost token. We do it on Fridays. Any 30 plus point score or 30 on 30 special bet gets boosted with a little profit boost. Like for instance, Shea Gils Alexander is playing Dallas on Friday. The team that knocked him out of the playoffs, they don't have Luca. And if you think he's gonna get a little revenge game, just put a little 30 30 plus on it, get the Profit Boost token and and all is great. So look for 30 on 30 on the FanDuel fan Sportsbook app coming up on this podcast.


It's basically mid-season NBA. So I wanted to get down a giant power pole and count on everybody from 30 to one. So we did that And it took longer than I thought. Sorry I had a lot to say. Followed by Joel Anderson, recent edition to The Ringer who we're gonna talk sports culture and a lot of college football. Then Van Lathan comes in to talk about the championship game and and Joel's five favorite things in college football. So that is part one of this podcast because I'm gonna do a part two later with NFL and million dollar picks that's gonna go up, I dunno, 10, 11 hours from now. So that is the schedule. Everything is okay here in Southern California.


Definitely better than it was three days ago. Still terrible. But we got through all the wins on Tuesday and Wednesday and now the recovery and all that stuff is in full swing. I'm gonna talk about some charities and stuff that I like In Part two of the podcast. So here's part one. Gonna do the Midseason Power poll. One second. First, our friends from Pro Jam.


It is the January 16th, almost mid-season NBA Power Pole. We're gonna go from team number 30 all the way down to team number one separated by sections. I'm gonna get off a bunch of takes. So going backwards, there's five teams that are just openly tanking right now. I'm putting them in the capture of the flag territory for Cooper Flag. Get a lot of buzz lately that Cooper flag, I don't care if they do six, seven, he's gonna be awesome. Washington six to 32, Charlotte nine and 28, Toronto 10 and 31 Utah, 10 and 29. That's our 30 to 27 rankings. What's interesting is none of those teams really have an awesome trade piece. Utah has a couple smaller ones like Sexton's, interesting Clarkson, although he's not having a great year, Brooklyn at number 26 is our big entry for this.


They're 14 and 27. They lost by 59 points last night And it felt worse. Cam Johnson would be the potential move for them. Pretty decent contract. We've talked about it before on the podcast. It's basically 22 million a year for a couple years. Could you go to Memphis for smart and La Arabia and the First or Touch First baby? I couldn't find a lot of trades for him because a lot of teams don't have contracts to patch together around that mid twenties stuff. Or if they do that like some of the Second Apron teams, what they're sending out has to be more than what Cam Johnson makes. It's a little complicated, but Memphis was the one team I was kind of looking at A fun, a fun topic with the Nets is what's Ben Simmons's next contract?


Probably minimum would somebody get frisky around like July 6th and be like, ah, Ben Simmons all NBAA couple years ago and all of a sudden he is making two years for 20. Who knows? I really like this draft though and I'm just starting to get into it. Once football ends, I'm gonna throw myself into it a little bit more 'cause it's, it's fun. But Flag Love two Rutger kids, the Lithuanian kid in Illinois. I think there's real stakes And I think we're gonna see some, some pretty incredible tanking as we get on the stretch. The next category, the pre tankers, which includes Portland at 25, they're 13 and 26. If you catch them on the right night, they look pretty good.


It's a weird team. They remind me of when you go through like one of those old basketball handbooks or like basketball reference and you go to like the 1979 season, you just look at the players on teams. You're like, Hmm, that's an interesting team. What were they thinking there? They have three centers and no point guards and eight wings. What the hell was this team that's kind of Portland right now? I also think Deandre Aton probably should have played in 1979, might have been a better year for him. I don't know what this team is, I don't know what the point of it is And I'm not sure they know either. I don't know what the trades are. Aton is now UNT tradable, I think he's been, he's been pretty bad. Scoot is the one they have to figure out if they can unlock as an asset.


He had 39 points two nights ago. My stockbroker called me immediately, but before that 39 point game was trending toward the most wrong I've ever been about a lottery pick in the last 35 years. And I actually made a list. I went through And I tried to remember guys that I was super high on and why didn't it work out going backwards. I think these were the big, the biggest misses for me. Wiseman 2020, not a hundred percent my fault, mostly my fault. Not a hundred percent my fault. It was the covid year. He had barely played at Memphis. Theoretically he made sense as like this big guy who could pass, who could you know it.


It just, it just didn't work out. I don't have a ton of regrets about it like I do with Scoot where I just thought Scoot was gonna be this downhill Russell Westbrook unbelievable athlete guy and we just haven't seen it. I have no excuses with Scoot Wiseman. There's some excuses. Lonzo in 2017 I was super high on and he just got hurt. So I don't feel bad about that. Jabari Parker 2014 I really liked. Now his knees were made of Fili so I don't know how much blame I can get for that one. But he will also belong to this different era. He made way more sense in the 1990s and two thousands what his game was. The scoring small forward couldn't guard anybody. And then as the league shifted, it's like, is he a four?


Is he a three? So I feel a little bad about that one, but not like not Scoot level. Michael Kid Gilcrest in 2012. I loved, I liked him at Kentucky. I just thought he was gonna be an incredible three and D guy. Once he learned how to shoot threes, guess what? Never learned how to shoot threes. He had some weird elbow thing. His elbow was always like, I forget what it was like a childhood injury or something. He just could never shoot. This one is probably my worst one since Scoot Derrick Williams in 2011. I still don't know what happened here. When you think like where the league was going 2011, that's right when Curry was starting to blow up a little bit of Golden State.


Maybe a year later was when the Curry and the threes started. But Derrick Williams on paper like the perfect stretch four, like just exactly what you'd want. Somebody, good athlete who could rebound and shoot threes. And I don't really know what happened. He went to Minnesota. It just, it just, I'd love to do his career again. I'm not gonna admit a hundred percent defeat on it, but I'll admit 90% defeat Ricky Rubio 2009, my two favorite guys in that draft were Curry and Rubio. And not in that order. 'cause I liked Rubio. I thought Rubio was gonna be a generational point guard. I was all in. I'm not positive I was wrong because first of all, he goes to that weird Minnesota team.


They have a hundred point guards, he doesn't come over right away, right as it's starting to really happen for him on Thet Wolves. Kobe crashed into his knee and he blew out his ACL and he just, he was never the same. I would love to do his career over again. I still feel like I was right on him And it just didn't happen. So still not as bad as Scoot. And then the last one, Jay Williams in 2002, I think I have a column in the archive somewhere where I thought he was a better pick than Yao ing. I'm not positive I was wrong. Jay Waves was a really exciting guard. I remember we talked about this on, he came on my podcast like seven, eight years ago. He was an electric Rust book. Rust Brook wrote Westbrook Rose kind of athletic point guard that he was definitely something.


Then he had the motorcycle accident. We'll never know. So out of all of these, I think Scoot was just the biggest miss for me because I thought athletically what he was as a downhill guy and as a competitor, I just thought he was gonna be awesome And I missed it and I'm still holding on a stock. Maybe it'll turn around 39 points the other night. Not giving up yet. All right, number 25. Number 24 Chicago. They're 18 and 23. Super fun team, great League Pass team Levine has been awesome. Levine has rejuvenated himself as a trade value asset to the point that if you're ranking him against all the other guys who are definitely available, you'd probably want him the most, you'd definitely want him more than Beal.


So he's 23, 5 and five. He is like a 50, 40, 80 guy this year. He's had good games against really good teams. Like he had two games, two really good games against Nicks. Really good game against Boston. Two really good games against Memphis. A really good game against San Antonio. He's, he's putting up big stats against excellent defensive teams And I think he's a really interesting trade piece as we head toward the deadline because I don't know why Chicago wouldn't, wouldn't wanna explore trading him, but compared to Bale and some of the other ones, even Jimmy Butler who you just have no idea where his head's at. I think he's a legit trade asset.


I think Vukovich is a legit trade asset. On the other hand, why, why give those guys away? Like you're, you're, you're gonna be a top 10 draft pick anyway probably. I don't know why. I would just be like, yeah sure, take Voch for protected first. I'd rather just keep him and and hope his value goes up regardless. This is the perfect Jerry Ryan Dorf team. They're mediocre, they're fun to watch. They're not in the luxury tax and keep cashing those checks. Jerry, next category, we just did the pre tankers. I'm calling this category the rock in the hard place. Number 23, Philadelphia.


They're 15 and 24. That's really awful. Four and 19 against, above 500 teams. Yikes. Paul George, he's played 26 games, he's shooting 42%, 2.7 free throw attempts a game. As you know, I love free throw attempts because it tells you does somebody go to the basket or not? He doesn't go to the basket anymore. I'm not sure what he's doing. He was 5.3 free throw attempts two years ago, just in general. Looks old. I don't know if this is a phase 'cause he was hurt before the year. Maybe his conditioning wasn't there. Maybe podcasting, maybe he's proving that podcasting is more grueling than you guys gave a credit for.


He doesn't look the same and he doesn't look the same. To the point that I think if Philly called Miami and said we'll give you Paul George for Jimmy Butler, I don't think Miami does it. I don't think they want any part of three more years after this year of Paul George. So he's hit that point already. Unless he could show on a basketball court that he's better than that. 'cause right now we're not seeing it. I didn't like when he complained about playing the five when a beat's out and he said it was, this is just not that fun for me. You're trying to win games. You're 15 and 24. Maybe do whatever it could take to make the team better. Rough signing. So you have that. The Nick nurse thing has gone terribly And I am not ruling him out for the Amazon NBA studio show next season.


I think he's gotta be in there and bead. This is the big thing. 13 games, 389 minutes this year for his career. He's missed 404 games now and he is played 4 46. So he's edging toward 50 50. I played or I didn't play for my entire career. They had a four and five this week. That was the biggest stretch of their season playing all playoff teams, all really good teams. He missed the first two. We'll see what happens with the others. He's got knee stuff plus a foot thing And it just doesn't seem like it's gonna happen again in the same way I remember Goldsberry asked me earlier in the year is is is he in like a 2008 Shaq stage?


Embi 2008 Shaq played, he was I think third team on NBA Embiid doesn't play. And when you miss, when you miss 404 games over the course of 11 years, yikes. When he did play offensively, it looks great, can still get, can still get to the free throw line, can still make that little 20 footer at the top of the key is still big and huge. He falls down all the time, falls down more than ever. I think his fall down per 48 minutes is the highest it's ever been. The thing that was really alarming with him was the Golden State game a couple weeks ago. I'm not sure if you guys saw it, but Golden State was just doing the, the thing where they just, everybody's cutting and moving and passing and the ball's flying around.


They're doing 2014 Spurs thing and Embi was wandering around like a drunk guy outside of the bar and at two 15 in the morning trying to keep up with it. And if you watch that one game, you would say to yourself, it is impossible to think that this team could win four straight playoff rounds. Which if they make the playoffs now, they'd have to win at least one playing game, maybe two. They'd have to play Cleveland in round one, right? Then you'd have to play the winner of who, whoever the four five is. And then the Knicks Celtics would be waiting in the la I mean there's no way. So I was thinking like the Knicks who they always had this relationship with Mbbi with, with Leon Rose and Wes and those were his guys And it was always like, well if he ever gets unhappy in Philly, the Knicks will trade for him.


Can you imagine if the Knicks went all in for ABI last summer and instead of getting towns and bridges, they basically took all those assets and just had abi. And then what happened with Abi this year, 13 games, 3 89 minutes was happening in New York after they had the Superfund team last year. It's a bullet dodge my friends. Anyway, they're number 23 and I think we can cross them off as the title contender. I'm ready to do that. New Orleans up to 22, they're 10 and 32. We knew they would be a, what the fuck happened to that team in the west? And they're, they're the team. They had a stretch where their body language was the worst in the league.


Their home court, when they do the wide shot, all the seats in mid court like maybe one third of 'em are full. The energy is just super, super, super weird. They should probably be doing everything possible to suck at this point. And yet when you watch them, which I've watched a couple games, they've turned in a really fun league pass team. Trey Murphy's playing great, Zion's back, Murray's back. They're, they're, they're a good team. When every, when everybody's playing, they're not great team but they're a good team. They're, you would think they're like a six to 10 playoff seat potentially with everybody. They haven't had anybody but they're 10 and 32 And I don't know what the move is because it's really hard for them to tank when they have as many good players as they do.


I mean one thing they gotta get credit for, they, they just nail their draft pick every year. Like Messi's like been has a chance to win Rookie of the year this year. Every year it seems like they hit their pick. Trey Murphy who they just resigned but Hawkins, I like all these guys and they have a bunch of trade assets. Ingram 36 million expiring Zion, 36.7 Withouts every year. McCallum 33 and 30.6, sorry CJ for mentioning you in a trade rumor Murray 29.5. They have moves, I just don't know what the move is and my guess is they'll probably limp along for the next month and try to figure out what they are and if they keep winning games, maybe start trying to talk themselves into or run it to 10 seed, which would kind of be insane.


But what else are you gonna do? You have all these good basketball players who are trying to play hard. This is a team to watch. It's a team to watch from a spoiler standpoint, from a trade machine standpoint and then the Zion piece of it where he just, he goes away for 4, 5, 6 weeks, whatever it was, comes back and looks really good and doesn't look fat or outta shape and you're like whoa, this is going great. And then the story comes out. They have to suspend him 'cause he is repeatedly late to practices and stuff and you just gotta, this guy just never ever gonna get it. I would still trade for him if I was a team like San Antonio. We'll get to that in a second. Next category, the trade machine heroes Phoenix number 21, they're 19 and 20, their last 15 games, they're basically 22nd net 26 defense for points per a hundred percent possessions.


This team's just not good. You, you can talk yourself into, oh they just got blah blah, I don't see it. I watched them play whoever and I'm very invested in them because this is gonna be the probably the first FanDuel super boost we've lost since 2020. We thought they were gonna get 47 plus wins. We thought they were gonna shoot a bunch of threes. Barc house And I were all lined on it and then you watch 'em And I just don't see it. They can't rebound, they can't protect the rim. The guys don't seem like they like playing with each other. I you watch them play a team, I don't know they pick a bad team like they'll play like Charlotte or Washington or whoever and you're watching the back and forth and you're like, I'm not sure they're much better than this other team.


The league's just really good and really deep. And what's funny, Katie and Booker are both over 36 minutes a game and they've actually had them for most of the year. It's a team that makes more sense on paper in 2017. Then in 2025 when you need depth they just threw away depth. The be trade, the bill trade was Chris Paul Sham it 2020 4, 26, 28, 30 first round swaps with Washington and a bunch of seconds for Beal and it's, it was a terrible trade when it happened. I hated it. I thought they left themselves with no outs. I was not a giant deal guy. And now he's at 50, 53 0.7 and 57 million for the this year and the next two with a no trade clause and they can't trade him.


He knows they can't trade him. I'm not sure he gives a crap. They have nage at 18 and 19. They have grace it out at basically 16 this year and then three more years after that. And those are their trade assets And nobody wants Beal, nobody not not one team. I don't know what they do. I do know this. I was thinking about the worst big threes of all time 'cause we did use the big three. I didn't but we used the big three word with the, with the rant and Booker and Beal. This is up there for for worst big three of all time. But I think the answer as much as I love Steve Nash is Kobe and Dwight and Nash. That one year at the Lakers when people were calling them the big three and then Nash was like his body just completely broke down.


Kobe hated Dwight. That's probably our worst big three. You could talk me into LeBron and Ad and Russ. Some people tried to get it going when Russ and Paul, George and Carmelo were on the same team that one year. But this is like a possible Mount Rushmore, oh my god, I can't believe we called them the big three kind of situation. It's also another unhappy Kevin Durant team. So we have the 2019 Warriors unhappy 2022 and 23 nets. Unhappy, unhappy 2024 sons unhappy 2025 sons currently unhappy. I'm just flagging it. Maybe it's a coincidence.


One more other thing with them, they keep, bill keeps being mentioned in trades as if anyone's trading for him and it's like, well Jimmy Butler really wants to go to Phoenix. Cool, you're gonna have to trade Kevin Durin or Devin Booker for Jimmy Butler because they, you're not getting him for Bradley Beal. Nobody wants that contract. Nobody wants Bradley Beal. I think he's the number one trade asset you don't want in the entire league. Sorry Bradley Beal. But it's true. The sons are the guy in your fantasy league who texts you and tries to trade you. Deandre Swift for B Brock Bowers. Hey I see you need a running back. What about Swift for Bowers? And you just like, dude, stop. Nobody wants Bial. There's nobody wants Nage.


It's like yeah you're not getting SVI for Nage in a couple of number twos stop. It's not happening. The whole league is annoyed by the suns. It's a really important point. Everyone in the league's like HB is just on a bender and, and this team is insane and stop calling us Miami at number 20. Speaking of Bradley Beal, they're 20 and 19. It's weird. They're, they're you know in the top half of the league in offense and defense, they're getting an awesome Tyler hero year who at the end of some of these games has really been a pretty special offensive player. Sometimes you watch, you catch a certain heat game with two minutes left and he's just like slicing and dicing somebody.


I think that's one of the reasons Butler might not have been a hundred percent happy with this Miami situation because when you watch 'em, there's games where hero just seems like a way better option at the end of games. Games offensively is just taken a huge step back And I don't really know whether it's, whether it's an aberration or what's going on there, but it's worth mentioning that I don't think he's as big of an asset as he was last year. Maybe it'll come back but if you don't get a star back in a Jimmy Butler trade, what's the point of this team? Because your top two is bam and hero. Congratulations. I don't know where that's getting you with the way the league is now with how deep and awesome it is. So with Jimmy no deal works with Houston and Memphis 'cause they don't want them Dallas or Milwaukee, they don't have anything.


They could trade back Sacramento. There's like a Rozen herder Trey Lyles or Keegan Murray. But I, if I'm Sacramento I don't, I don't wanna deal with Jimmy Butler and went and trade for him and then he is unhappy in Sacramento and then he is opting in for 50 plus next year. I'm not doing that Denver, I don't think Miami takes Michael Porter Jr. Plus Najee, which I, I think that that would basically have to be the trade. I'm also not sure Jimmy Butler solves whatever issue Denver has because they're already like shaky enough with three point shooting and then they're gonna get rid of Michael Porter Jr. I don't like that trade for anybody. Plus Denver's playing better Phoenix.


They're not taking Beal Golden state's not trading Wiggins and Minga and other stuff for Jimmy Butler. And if I'm Miami, I'm not trading Jimmy and less I can get Zion in a three-way. I mean a basketball three-way Ingram and McCollum together from New Orleans with Butler and Berger going out. I would consider that, I don't know why New Orleans would do that. Tobias Harris and Tim Hardaway is expiring plus maybe a protected pick from Detroit. It's a little more interesting because though Kate has become a top 20 player in the league and if you're the Pistons you could just turn you, you basically make a 30, 30 cents in the dollar trade and get Jimmy Butler and hope that he's excited for the next year and a half.


Paul George mentioned earlier, no way. And then there's maybe a trade where you just get cap space back. But I, I thought for sure Jimmy Butler was gonna get traded and then the more I, I kind of sniffed around, talked to different people, tried to figure out the trades. I don't think there's a trade so I don't know what happens here and maybe there's a surprise team like oh my god the Pistons traded for, there's one team coming up later that we'll mention for this, but I'm really having trouble and I'm the trade machine. Picasso, let's, we'll take a break and we'll finish the power pull right after this.


Sometimes the basketball 30 points could be worth more than 30 points and now you can get a 30% profit boost from The Ringer with Fanduels 30 on 30 during Friday's NBA action. That's right. The Ringer teaming up with America's number one sports book to give you a 30% profit boost when you either pick a player to score more than 30 points or bet on our new exclusive 30 on 30 special markets like any game to have both teams scored 30 plus points in the first quarter. Looking at the Friday, the Friday slate, I would target Shea on OKC going against Dallas, the team that knocked him out in the playoffs last year to get a little revenge 30 plus. So you can go there, look at all the matchups, pick whatever you want, ride with that pick, make your own look for 30 on 30 in the FanDuel SPORTSBOOK app or head to FanDuel dot com slash bs for your choice to score a bigger payout this Friday. Don't miss your chance to find out how much more 30 can be worth with FanDuel's. 30 on 30. You must be 21 plus in president select states or 18 plus and president in DC opt-in required bonus issued as non drop profit. Boost tokens restrictions apply including any token expiration in max wager amount. See terms@sportsbookdofi.com Game pro called win hundred gambler. Visit rg help do com.


This episode is brought to you by Nissan. When you're younger you're more spontaneous, you say screw it, I'm just gonna drive cross country with my buddy and we'll stop at a bunch of places and take pictures. You get older, you would never do something like that. Keep your spontaneity my friends. Fuel your inner adventure with the first ever Nissan Rogue Rock Creek from rocky trails to snowy roads. There are plenty of places to show up this SUV thanks to its Intelligent all wheel drive, its adventure ready design gives it a rugged flare that stands out. Offroad adventure calls of the first ever Nissan Rogue Rock Creek. Visit Nissan usa.com to learn more Intelligent all wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


Alright, next category for the power pole is the feelgood upstarts that can only be the Detroit Pistons. I had the number 19th or 21 and 19th. They had a huge bummer with Jade and Ivy getting hurt, which a game that I was actually watching when it happened in a play that the guy diving for the loose ball goes into the side of somebody's leg that you just think would happen more often in the NBA never does. And then when it happens it's awful. But that was a bummer 'cause they were really starting to figure out something with him. And Cade I really liked when he would come set the pick for Cade and they would kind of do this small man's pick and roll thing. So Cade is basically 24 7 and 10 and he's 45%, 38% from three.


He's gonna be on the All-Star team and he's turned into an awesome asset And it it it, we were unclear the first couple years especially with the way the team was losing. But I am willing to redo now my number one pick since Tim Duncan list where there's eight definitive nos you would not take this guy again. Aon, Foltz Simmons, Bennett, Odin, Bani, Kwame Brown, Oke Candy. I still can't believe Olo Candy went first 19, the late nineties were unbelievable for basketball content. I really wish I'd had a bigger audience back then. The sort of lists, there's seven guys, Zion, Wiggins, wall, Boit, Kmart, Elton brand.


I'm gonna put Reese Shea in there too 'cause I like Che it's like 19. We have no idea what's gonna happen with him but that's like a sort of, you can see it, there's a case for it. Some of those guys like Zion and maybe even Wiggins, maybe the next five years we'll even boost them into the yes category and then the yes guy you would take this again. Weby Paulo Edwards. Three great ones, three great number one overall picks there. Anthony Davis, Kyrie, Blake Griffin, Derek Rose, Dwight Howard, LeBron, Yow, that was 10 the last time I did this. We have two additions. I think Carl Anthony Towns is officially a yes. He's been a really good number one overall pick, especially the fact that he was part of a really good Minnesota team last year that almost made the finals and then this year, you know, one of the, one of the best 12 players in the league so far.


So he's in there. And then I think Kate is a yes though. I think when you think about did that number one overall pick, did that work? Did that kind of work? Did that not work? He definitely 100% work, so kudos to him. I'm still interested to see what they do with Tobias Harris Hardaway as trade bait. 'cause you can get to 41 million with them. They also have this 14 million under the cap situation. So there's a lot of fun stuff they can do. And the fact that they're over 500 even without Ivy in an eastern conference, that has been pretty weird. I'd like to see them do something. All right, next team Sacramento. Number 18, they're 20 and 20. This team would've been a three seed six years ago and now they have a fired coach and, And I don't know what the hell they are.


They had they fired Mike Brown, they lost the first game. They won a, a couple goofy games that they shouldn't have won and now got the momentum and now all of a sudden the vibes are good And it's like, see that's why we fired Mike Brown. I'm not sure that was the difference. Obviously not in the locker room, but I just think they had some bad luck earlier in the season and they got some better luck later. Now they're now the Rosens starting to look better. Fox missed a couple games. I was watching them 'cause House and Sal And I and Hench, we did a, we did a, a parlay over under wins total bet like three weeks ago. And one of them was Sacramento under, I think it was like 42 wins and we were like Sacramento, this is a, this team's falling apart.


And then they fired the coach five days later and now it's coming back with Doug Christie, former star of basketball wise. I don't know what happens with them. I'll tell you this though. There was a moment with the Kings where it felt like they were full Ks and you go the 13 coaches in 20 years they had that light the beam season, then they overextended SAB bonus, they did the Barnes Extension Zenko. That signing was terrible. They blew the Devin Carter pick, they did the Rosendale And it wass just like, oh the Kings are back, but now they're playing well. So I don't know, they, I'm sure their fans are confused too. Interesting playing team by the way. 'cause Fox, you know they're, they're Fox and S bonus, they have two of the top 25 guys in the league, so I'm not positive I would wanna see them.


And eight And I get Lakers, I have 17, 21 and 17. They're still in the bottom 10 in the league on defense. They're in the bottom five in the league. Rebounding. Two things that scare me. There was a Dallas game last week when Dallas abused Austin Reeves to the point that I thought, I thought the, I thought Reeves' Corner was gonna throw in the towel. And that's the rub with this Lakers team is that any smart team can just attack them defensively. And it's like, pick your guy. Do you wanna attack Reeves? Oh, connects out there, let's attack him. Oh, LeBron's decided not to move around on defense today.


Let's just start doing back cuts and making him move around. They're just too easy to score on. I like to finish Smith's trade though, and Max Christie's playing better. And I don't dislike the roster. I think they have real issues that are gonna surface in the playoffs. But as a regular season team, especially when LeBron plays well or Davis plays well in a any given game, it feels like they can beat just about anybody except for like seven teams. But for the most part, I, this, this team not even close to being a contender to me. I can't, I, it would be a miracle if they won one round and the LeBron plus minus stuff is pretty strange.


Like I did that like a week ago. I looked it up. He had the worst plus minus of anyone who's playing 30 minutes or more on a winning team. It was minus 6.2. I think it's mostly the defense. But if I were them, if Jeannie Bus asked me what to do, I would tell them not to trade any assets. I don't understand the point of doing that. There's no scenario where they make the finals. No, there's no trade out there that would put them in the finals. So Golden State number 16, probably in a similar situation. I think the difference is they're in top five defensive rating. They have a bunch of tradable stuff and they desperately need a second score. And you could see a world where if they got a a second guy who could help out, Steph, maybe they become friskier.


They're, they're well coached, they have a lot of continuity together. The problem is, if, if you get somebody like Jimmy Butler, you're gonna have to give up Wiggins in the trade now I'm losing stuff defensively, I'm losing other assets. So the the, the trait that makes sense to me is Vu bitch. And it's made, say it made sense for I would say about a month and a half. And it's basically, you know, loony can be in, he makes 8 million Moses Moody, put Peyton's expiring in there or another ex Kyle Anderson, whatever you need to do, throwing a pick and just add Cevi and kind of have him playing off with Curry. They, I think somebody told me this, Curry's never had a stretch five in his entire career.


Every, every guy in the league has played with somebody a three who could make a three and, and he's just never had it. Curry's had an interesting point in his career because like he's, they, they've cut his minutes down on like 31 minutes a game. His per 36 is still right around where you want it to be. Like his 26 a game, 45%, 42% from three. But I did my ringer 100 And I couldn't justify putting him in the top 10 anymore. At least right now it could change in a month. But if he's your best player on a team and the supporting cast is solid, you, you're just not a contender.


So I was, when I did my top hundred, I had Yoic first, Janni second. I put Shaa third, Tatum fourth, Luca fifth for now. 'cause he is, he's hurt and there's durability stuff with him that I'm not positive about. I have Weby sixth, Davis, seventh, Mitchell, eighth, Brunson, nine Edwards, 10 Curry 11 and Curry versus Edwards and Brunson I think is the big question there, but those guys are just more reliable night to night at this point. Curry's 36. It's just the way it is. If I, if it was one game with my life on it, it's a different question. But if we're talking about a regular season, I don't see how he's in the top 10 right now.


That could change. Next category, the young and funds, oh by the way, with Golden State, I don't, this is not the Jimmy Butler team for me, not worth it. The young and funds only have one team. That's Atlanta. I have them 15, 21 and 19. They got Trey going a little bit. We talked about Trey like a month ago. He's up to 23 a game. 12 assists. His shooting percentages are up a little bit and he's had some good games when guy other guys weren't playing, you can kind of see, oh this is a game I get to shoot 33 times. I still really like this team as as like a stealth you, you, you'll beat 'em in round one but it's probably not gonna be that easy.


Their three point shooting is the, the thing that's been really hurtful to them. Daniel's 31% Reese, 28, Jalen Johnson, 32 Bog Dono 34, not as high as he used to be. I'm still in on these guys and they've, they've never had all their guys together for more than like a like two weeks. So when everybody comes back, I don't think they're a trade team to try to get a better asset, but I think they're gonna be like around 44, 45 wins. That's where I have them penciled in just because the east is gonna really start tanking that brings to the next category secretly scary round one. Opponents, you could talk, talk yourself in Atlanta being there. But Indiana number 15, definitely they're 22 in 19.


There are 11th and Pace this year. They were second last year, so they're a little slower. I think that's cram related. They're ninth in offense this year. They were second last year, but the last 15 games, they're fourth in offense. They've had no knee Smith for 35 games. Hal Burns had a weird year and every time it seems like he gets going, something happened. You just heard hamstring in general. I like this team And I like what I've seen from Walker the last couple weeks from them. I I, I wanna see this team in March. This team is like a pause button. Let's see what you look like on March 10th. And then San Antonio is the other team like that. They're 19 and 20. They're always hanging around these games and they haven't quite figured out how to close 'em. I think last night was a really good example against Memphis, which was an awesome game.


They played the most fun game of the season against Denver a couple Fridays ago. That was the Weby is officially here. We knew he was already here, but he's officially here now game where Yoic praised him afterwards and talked about how he was generationally special, really cool moment. Weby ISS 25 11 forces assist four blocks a game. Their defense is sixth in the last 15, which is why you have to consider them a scary playoff team. Weby just, we we should have a different defensive player of the year award now because he should just get it every year. We should, we should actually have the number two guy should get a separate award. Nobody's ever winning this award again as long as until Weby is like 35.


Assuming he stays healthy. He is, I was talking about him with somebody yesterday. He's a foot longer than everybody realizes when they're playing and over. And one of the most fun things about watching him is every, every game there's four or five moments where somebody is in the paint and they think they're gonna get him or they think they're gonna shoot a floater or they think they're gonna get a layup past him and they just forget he's got this extra foot that his body goes up and they're always like, oh. And even as they're shooting it, he's going up and they're realizing mid shot, oh God, he's gonna block this and they can't stop it 'cause their body is already committed to it. But he's the fact that he's growing like he is, which is not surprising.


And then Castle has shown some, some, some stuff like he did last night against Memphis Castle. I think the second half of the year is worth watching as how, what's his ceiling? This is a terrifying round one team. I don't wanna see, we be in a series period, like there was a play last night in the fourth quarter where hand up with the ball on the left side of the foul line where if he turned into the paint he could have shot a jump hook and he never goes there. He's always in the, he's always around the three point line. They always run stuff with him 25 feet from the basket. And in this play he had the ball because a play broke down and they gave it to him on top of the foul line and the other team immediately panicked.


He had the point guard came down and doubled him, then he turned into the lane, the third guy came in. So now he is being triple teamed and then somebody back cut and he was able to pass the guy and get a layup. And it made me think like when he realizes that the foul line is where he needs to be, that's his spot that the same way Nowitzki realized that the same way Duncan figured out his spot. I talked about this with Kurt Goldsberry Barry a couple weeks ago. What, what's Wendy's, what are his spots on the floor? That left side of the foul line where he can turn and he can either shoot a little 15 footer or he can put his head down into the paint, jump, hook or pass to a cutter, but everything is coming with his right hand.


He can hold the ball up like it's a fucking grape. That's the key to Weby I think going forward if he figures out that spot, plus he has the top of the key and the, and the ability to shoot threes, those two things combined. I just think he's gonna be an absolute bitch in the playoff. And I'll tell you something else. This is the number one, holy shit, I can't believe they traded for Jimmy Butler team where the Spurs just say, fuck it, we, we have this guy's the sixth best guy in the league, maybe we should see what's up. Would they do that with our culture? I don't know. This is also a holy shit they traded for Zion team, which if I was the Spurs, that would be the guy I targeted. Bring him into our organization or culture, put him with Weby.


Now this is the most terrifying circle on anyone's schedule. It's like, oh my God, we have to play Weby and Zion today. Alright, next category, punchers Chance, Minnesota. I can't rule them out yet. They're 21 and 19, have them 12th. They're, they're up to fifth in defense. They were first last year, but now they're fifth, so that's better. Here's the thing. They finally realized something that I have, I've touted on this podcast many, many times over the years and in my column and it's something I just instinctively believe in. Just play your best five guys. Stop worrying about positions. Oh, we need somebody who's, people always do this with, with point guards where it's like, well that guy looks like a point guard.


Mike Conley, Godspeed great career, really enjoyed him, incredible teammate, everybody loves him. It's over. He's he, it happens. This is what happens to point guards. He's done. It's a wrap. So they realized a couple weeks ago we should just play Vincenzo and, and not have a point guard. And Vincenzo is, is reinvested and has been playing really well and they're playing better. There's a conley with Randall where that can get them to about 43 million. They'd have to take somebody back who makes less than that. I don't know if they'd even trade kindly. There's no trade for him straight up because he's got another year after this one.


But there's still a move with them and part of that move has to be maybe, maybe get Juli Serino outta here. The the thing with the towns trade, which I think has just worked out horribly for them, and this was the worst case scenario of the trade, which was that it boxed them in. Nobody really wants Randall. No. Now they had to resign Conley, nobody wants him. But it was a financial trade. And it's yet another reason why Glen Taylor is one of the five worst B owners. We've had the move to trade towns and then extend go bear to try to get him on a cheaper deal was just a fucking double whammy. Like you can't bounce back from that. And the lesson as always is a rud is a loser. The sleeper number 11, Orlando, they're 28 offensively.


There's only two teams in the league, worse per 100 possessions than Orlando. And yet they're four games, over 500. They're defense and, and their camaraderie and their feistiness and their competitiveness has just carried them in all these games, they're, they're opposing rebounding. They're first teams are only 40.6 rebounds a game against them. So they're dominating the boards. They're great against. The three teams are 31% against 'em with the three. And they get steals, they get all this stuff, the zombie magic. Unfortunately they can't shoot and they can't score. Paolo came back, Franz is eventually coming back and nobody wants to play this team.


There's six seed, seven seed, eight seed. I don't wanna see them. The Celtics are the three seed in Orlando to succeed. I'm bummed. That's a really hard team to play. It did make me think though, this is a good example of NBA depth being deeper in a significant way than it was 13 years ago. You're talking about players like 75 to 300 are so much better than they were in the early 2000 tens. Like they have the Silva, oh let's just throw him in. He can. We he, he, he's not even playing now he's in there and we're going to him in crunch time. But toddy, I think that's how you say his name.


Isaac Cole, Anthony, Anthony Black. These guys are all good. I was looking at the 2012 Celtics, A team that was up three two in the Eastern Conference finals with a chance to go to the finals. This was their five through 10 guys in that series. Michael Pietri, Brandon Bass, Keon dueling, Marques Daniels, Greg sma, and Ryan Hollins. That was our bench. The league is way better now. Number 10, the Clippers still can't get a feel for if, if this team is a contender or not. They're the league's best coach, solid team. They're bottom seven offense, top five defense.


They have a pretty good home court advantage now. They have Kauai, at least at the point where I'm interested to see where it is in March and April. They have this Norm Powell jumping from 14 points a game to almost 24 at age 31, which I think we need a new award. I would get rid of clutch player and never know how to vote that I would replace it with the Tommy from Goodfellas. Look at this fucking guy. That would be my award and Norm Powell would win because I have no idea how we went from 14 to 24. But we did. Harden is interesting because on the one hand he's one of the reasons that they've overachieved. On the other hand, a lot of his best games seem to come against shit defenses or mediocre teams.


And then the worst games, if you really watch carefully, it's like against Houston, okc, San Antonio, Boston, Minnesota. So there's some fools gold with the heart and past 35% from three 44% on twos. He's, he seems like he's the same but he is not. He can still give you a good quarter but not a whole game. And they really need Kauai back for me to take them seriously. So that's the last non contender for me until we see with Kauai. All right, next group. Definitely lurking Milwaukee. I have them ninth, 21 and 17. They still have Giannis. That's it. They're, they're shooting threes. Way better than I think anyone expected. They're in the top three there, really good in corner threes.


And I don't wanna see 'em in the playoffs if that's okay, because that's the three six possibly. If it's Boston, Milwaukee, I don't wanna see Milwaukee. I don't wanna see in Orlando actually the way Boston's playing. I don't wanna see anybody, but they're lurking. Dallas is lurking. I'm not willing to make any sort of big judgment with Dallas. Luca's missed 19 games. Kyrie with some back stuff. That's a little scary because he is been in the league for a while and he is a guard And I always worry about aging guards hitting their early mid thirties. This is a, let's see, in March team for me also, not a lot of moves, but Luca turns 26 next month. Just pointing that out.


Usually you have your Apex season age 27, age 28. So we're in range and it's not this year, but it's a wait and see team for me. Then Houston number seven, you could talk me into Houston being fifth. You could talk me into them being 12th because I don't think there's an extra gear. I think they're here and they're here every game. And when we get to the playoffs, they're still gonna be here. They don't, they don't have the ability to do this 'cause offensively, it's just too choppy. They're really keeping their fingers crossed. M Chalan green out. I watch a lot of Houston. I really, really, really like watching Houston. We talked about it. We're gonna talk about it with Joe Anderson in a second. But the Jalen Green piece is the piece.


43% field goal, 35% threes, 2.6 assists, 4.2 free throw attempts. I'm just reading those stats because this is your crunch time guy. And the odds are he is not gonna score or create a shot from somebody else in the biggest moments of the game. So that's one. At least not yet. He's young. Maybe it'll, maybe it's in there. And then Van BLEs, the other one who's 15 points a game, six to six, his clutch numbers are, are, are probably the worst in the league. And those are kind of their two options at the end of games. So it, it just turns into a rock fight. And the rock fight recipe, their, their third to last and three point shooting 28th, they're first in rebounds and it's just a rock.


You watch the last five minutes and it's like watching nineties basketball again. So, you know, could they turn Van Wheat and a bunch of stuff into Fox? I don't think Sacramento. If I'm Sacramento, I'm not trading Fox, but that's the only way this changes. I think otherwise I'm fine. Joel And I talk about it in the next segment. I'm fine with Houston. Just, hey, this is great. We're a top four seed. Let's see what happens in the playoffs. Let's see if Jalen Green has another gear. Let's see what Shingu can do. Jabari Smith got, let's, let's just see what this looks like for a year and then we'll decide in July who we are. I think that's the move. The contenders, I have six contenders. Number one is Memphis, whose top seven offense defense.


Brandon Clark's back Angry Jaws back dunking on Weby last night, even though it didn't count. Still fun. Their benches just, I've never seen anything like this bench. Brandon Clark, Huff Alama, Wells Kenard, Edie, Lavia, Pippen. I mean not sometimes a couple of those guys will start, but they, they just can survive an injury to anybody in the team for a week. And they, you don't even notice. The Lavia contract was weird where they didn't, they did the, the Jalen Smith thing, they didn't renew it. And now I guess he's a trade piece, but he's playing really well. I wanna shout out Wells. I used to do, when I, when my fingers worked And I had a column, I used to have my Bill Simmons all stars for random guys in the league.


I, I just love, I love Wells. Wells. Watch Memphis and watch if the other team has, you know, a really good swing and wells is a lot of times the guy guarding the swing and really being a pain in the ass. But I, that guy, there's something there with Wells and that's why when you think about, like I've heard Cam Johnson mention with them and they could easily trade Marcus Smart and Lavia for Cam Johnson throwing some picks And I and improve that Marcus Smart stock. I, I would wanna see what I have with these guys for another couple weeks before I think about a trade. And the team seems like they have good chemistry, they really like each other.


There's a regular season versus playoffs conundrum with them that the team in the regular season is perfect with the depth, but in the playoffs when you have to, when the same team is seeing you six, seven times in two weeks, is there an extra gear? It's the same issue. Houston has marant plays 3D NP plays five Mrs eight plays 1D NP plays five DNP plays two and a half gets hurt. DNP plays three Mrs five. This is, he's just not on the floor enough. And that's why it's the hardest to take them seriously when we have to think about can they win four straight play our friends, we do not have evidence that Marant can play for two months in a row. So until we do, I, I have them as a pseudo contender.


I do wanna mention Jaren Jackson's been awesome this year And I loved watching him go at Weby last night. He really, he, he's one of those guys who, when he is going against Saboni Davis Weby, like you really could see him being like, I'm taking the challenge tonight. Denver number five, let's go 24 and 16 fourth in offense. Their three point shooting is still abysmal their bottom three in the league. But Murray is starting to show signs as always, online criticism works. No TV criticism. Maybe that works, but Murray does look a little bit better. Yoic has been, you know, they, they're 25 plus points better when he is out there versus when he is not out there.


The Weby Yoic battle two Fridays ago was the highlight of the year. He's doing stuff offensively that doesn't seem conceivable. It seems like it's out of like the 1962 season. And right now I don't think he's the MVP because of what SGA is doing and what he means to that OKC team. But what's changed is now they're a top four seed and whatever happens these next two months, maybe he can play himself into that combo. They, they have a GM and coach. That famously doesn't seem great. I've heard that they don't talk. I find that hard to believe, but it's the worst kept secret.


In League. There was a thing where they presented Malone with some sort of Windang and Calvin Booth is the gm and he presented in this jersey And I was like, studying the clip. 'cause I was like, I thought these guys didn't interact. I love that Russell Westbrook is relevant on this team and they really needed him. They needed him when Murray was kind of, you know, flaming out a little bit there for a while. They needed him in in days when Aaron Gordon, when he got hurt for, they, they just needed his energy, his rebounding, how weird he is. The fact that he just puts up stats and he's been really good for them. Like I, I think he's been way out, kicked his coverage of what they ever could expect with Westbrook. But I was, I wrote down putting him on this Yoki team.


I'm not sure if it's like Daniel Day Lewis in an Apatow comedy or Will Ferrell in a Paul Thomas Anderson movie, but it's so weird. I'm kind of into it. It's, it's, it's just constantly weird. There's a lot of, no, no, no. Russ shots in with like three minutes left where he just decides, I'm gonna take this corner three. But he plays really hard And it really seems like Yoic likes him. So I think he's been a bonus. I think he's kind of saved them in some respects 'cause he is not afraid. And he puts up stats number four, the Knicks, the town's trade is just amazing. Just, just an incredible trade. I know their defense dropped, but just when you think like the two assets they gave up versus the one they got back and how great he is been, it's an amazing trade.


25 and 14, 55%, 45% from three really as a chance, if we were doing the old school center forward guard for all NBA really as a chance to be second team, NBA might make second team on NBA. Anyway, I think I'd rather have him than Anthony Davis at this point. As crazy as that sounds. He's younger And I just think he's more impactful day to day. The tib stuff is the thing to watch the minutes that he's putting on these dudes last night, overtime, he's just har played 49 minutes. Brunson's playing 40 plus minutes in really hard games and also doing two thirds of the stuff offensively.


And I just feel like he's gonna burn these dudes out. And as a Celtics fan, this is where I take my basketball analyst part out. Just as a Celtics fan, please tips continue to play these guys 40 plus minutes a game. Thank you. The Celtics number 3 28 and 12. Second offense, six defense start out 16 and three. They're seven and seven in their last 14 games. So what's going on? Well, you win the title And it could go one of two ways. Either you have a huge chip on your shoulder and it's like, we got the bullseye. Come get us, and you just kick everyone's ass. That would be like the 92 bulls. Or then the more typical way it goes is you got a little bit of an on-off switch.


You feel like you can still turn it on and it's gonna be there when it needs to be there. The Celtics had a road trip the other night where the first two games were Houston and Minnesota and they just played really well. And it was, it was one of those road trips where it's like, all right, we still got it. And then they immediately fell apart after and lost some games. They're losing games at home. They're not shooting nearly as well. Like last year there were, they were 39% on threes and 49% just field goal in general. So very close to where Cleveland is this year. This year they're 46 and 36. So it's not dramatic, but it's a little dramatic. It's three points a game. They don't rebound as well as they did last year.


They were second in rebounding last year, their ninth this year. Tatum has a way bigger rebounding burden than he used to. And then, and white, white has just really fallen off the last 20 games. And I think he's hurt And I think he's been hurt for a month plus. And I don't, I, I just think he's playing hurt because he was incredible the first five weeks and he hasn't been Drew's older. Drew is a little more hit or miss than maybe he was last year. I'm still not worried. But what worries me is this last year was a cake walk to the finals. It wasn't their fault, it was just the way it played out. If they thought fall to a three seed, potentially that's Milwaukee or Orlando in round one, Milwaukee is Giannis Orlando, potentially defensively could be a real issue for them.


Especially if you watch the stagnant Celtics offense lately. Nick's round two, not having home court Cleveland round three, no home court. It, it's like night and day compared to last year. So there's stuff, you know, kps just coming back in a real way. Tatum's been stupendous fifth in scoring, 18th rebounding, plays his ass off every night, plays defense. He, he's just a top five guy in the league by any calculation. Jalen shooting numbers are down, there's, so it's all little stuff. And I'm willing to say it's more in the camp of we won last year. We're kind of hibernating into the playoffs.


I don't love it though with the, with the younger team And I don't love the white stuff at all. I wanna really know what's going on with them. The schedule is rough. I they really need that two seed. And if I'm the Knicks, if I'm the Knicks, I'm playing Jalen Brunson and Hart 48 minutes a game trying to get that two seat. I think that's what they should do. Wink, wink Cleveland, number 2 34 and five First offense 10. They're basically the 2020 first Celtics. They basically recreated what that Celtics team was. They're 50% on field goals, 40% from threes, they can play defense. The Celtics had those two forwards that were a huge mismatch for everyone. Brown and Jalen. The Cavs more had that same thing with the guards with Mitchell and Garland.


What's crazy is they really, really, really played the minutes stuff well, Mitchell's 31 a game, Moby's 30 and a half, Garland's 30.3 and Alan's 29 and what's that record? 34 and five. Those guys are sitting for one third of every game. They're killing teams and it's very similar to Boston last year. And I said this a couple weeks ago, I'll say it again. I take them really seriously. I do not think this is a regular season team. I think they're really good And I think Mitchell is ready for a bigger moment. And Mitchell might, if you're doing a draft of all the guys this year, when we get to the playoffs, who might have started here and went up to here like Jalen Brown last year, Mitchell's the number one candidate And I, I would've Wendy number two, just while we're here, things you're not allowed to say on pre-game shows about Cleveland or O KC anymore.


People gotta start talking about SGA. We're talking, people gotta start realizing how good Donovan Mitchell is. We know people gotta start talking about Jalen Williams. We are, people gotta start talking about Evan Mobley. We are, people gotta give more props to the job Sam Presti has done. We have people gotta take OKC more seriously. We are, they're the favorites on FanDuel, which takes me to OKC, the favorite 33 and six first in defense by a lot, this is one of the great defenses regular season wise anyone has put together. They force turnovers at an absurd rate.


Everybody seems to say the only real weakness they have is opponents can rebound on them a little bit. They've shown the ability to come back in games from double digits they did against Minnesota and the Clippers and the Knicks and the Celtics, which I think is significant. Chet, I don know when he comes back, but they're doing all this without Chet. And when Chet comes back, this becomes a nightmare team. I don't think they make a trade. My guess is they don't, if they made a trade, they'd probably try to improve the wig spot or they Isaiah Joe spot. And I just don't think Presty rolls that way. If you go back and you look at the KD Russ Harden era Harden was really the only trade he made during a five six year stray.


He did the Jeff Green Perkins, that was pretty early before they made the finals. And then he did the, the Harden trade, which was a financial trade. But for the most part, he's a continuity guy And I think they roll with what they have, their playoffs could look like round one. Maybe it's San Antonio, maybe it's the Lakers, maybe it's the Kings of the Warriors. Round two. Denver. Dallas, round three, Memphis or Houston. And I, I don't see anybody beating these dudes. And the biggest reason is SGA who is out alpha, the following guys head to head just this season 45 against Harden, 45 against Hal Burton. 40 against Ant 39 against Luca, 36 against LeBron 35 against Curry against Boston and Tatum.


He did 33, 11 and six, played the Knicks twice 39 and 33 best player in the league this season. He's gotta be the MVP because he's meant the most to the best team in the league. Now you could say, well why didn't we do this with Tatum Ma Jerry? He's just been more impactful day to day than Tatum is. And I can't believe this is the guy I watched as a kid on the Clippers as a rookie. I never in a million years would've thought that this would become one of the best, most creative scoring guards I've ever seen. He's he, him and Brunson watching those guys just over and over again get the shots they want and create the shots they want against these defenses that are designed to stop them is pretty nuts.


Is it gonna work in a series? It really depends on Jalen Williams. That's gonna be it. It's because at some point during a seven game series, you are gonna try to take out SJ and you're gonna send second guys in them and you're gonna make other team and you're gonna make the three point shooting beat you and you're gonna put the hand the ball in the hands of Jalen Williams and you're gonna say, You know what, dude, go for it. If you beat us, so be it. And from what we've seen him in the playoffs last year and even in the NBA cup this year, I'm not, I'm not positive he can do it, but that's the play against them. Once we get to the playoffs, they're the best team in the league. I think they have a legitimate chance at 70 games because of their depth.


70 wins 'cause of their depth. So could they get to 70 12, 71 or 11? It's possible 'cause night to night game to game with how good their defense is and their scoring and their three point shooting. I think they can get there. Anyway, that is our half season power pole. Coming back, we're gonna talk to Joel Anderson from The Ringer and then eventually Joel Anderson and Van Lathan about college football. See you in a second.


This episode is brought to you by LinkedIn in basketball, a blockbuster trade can make or break your playoff run before the deadline. GMs across the league scour for the right data and insights, hope their moves pay off February 6th trade deadline this year, by the way, just like in basketball, growing your small business in 2025 all comes down to how well you can build your team. That starts with better insights from LinkedIn with unique skills and interests to the connections you have in common. LinkedIn has the strongest hiring data and insights to help you identify the right professionals so you can make the best hiring decisions. LinkedIn pairs you with the high quality candidates you need to make your business grow and flourish. LinkedIn also lets you go beyond candidates who are actively applying in a given week. 171 million LinkedIn members aren't actively seeking jobs, but they are open to new opportunities who isn't? That's a big pool of people you don't wanna miss out on. And who knows, one of them could be your next all-Star player. So hire smarter in the new year, find your next grade. Hire on LinkedIn, post your job for free at LinkedIn dot com slash simmons. Once again, LinkedIn dot com slash Simmons to post your job for free. Terms and conditions apply.


You can save every day by shopping at Whole Foods Market. Seriously, don't just go for their big sales. Walk the store and see the savings for yourself in the meat department. Look for yellow low price signs on Whole Foods Market. No antibiotics ever. Chicken breast and ground beef quality, flavorful meats priced just right, perfect for big dinners with plenty leftover for tomorrow's lunches. There are so many ways to say that Whole Foods Market now, you know.


All right, Joel Anderson is here. We have a whole long history there. This is how many, how many times did we almost work together before we actually decided to work together? So I definitely came down to the old studio in like 2016. And you get, you guys showed me around, I did the whole thing. We went to lunch, didn't we? We didn't go to lunch that time too. I thought there was a 2014 too. Wasn't there a Grantland era? We, I don't. We definitely talked then. We talked in 16, we talked in 20, we talked 20 And it just, for whatever reason, never worked out. And now all of a sudden you're with The Ringer and we couldn't be happier. Can I say, can I say something about that too? Yeah. So yeah, so you know, like I was in between jobs a a few months ago And I was about to accept another offer, right?


And I, I, I reached out to Connor Nevins, people at The Ringer do Connor. 'cause Connor was my editor at ESPN And I was like, Hey man, you know, I got this offer and it's exciting, but I just wanna make sure that Bill like, you know, like, are you guys sure that this isn't gonna work out? And Connor was like, yeah man, you should probably just go ahead, it's fine. Like I, you know, Bill's busy or whatever. And so then I texted you right after that. I'm like, I don't know if I Don dunno if Connor's right about this. And you were like, what her caught, I thought, you know, and then, and then everything started rolling and here we are today. So it's So funny. Yeah, because we had talked as usual, I probably forgot to follow up two weeks later. And then, so anyway, it finally worked out, but we always felt like dating back to the Grantland days, you know, sports culture, real life stuff.


Like we always liked the people who dabbled into all these different circles. You're like the epitome of that. You care about all these different crazy, all the stuff you've done in the past. What, what was the, the, the best narrative podcast? What was the one you were proudest of, of all the stuff you did? Oh, definitely Slow Burn six to LA Riots. Just 'cause like I was fascinated by LA as a city And it emerged from my reporting on season three on Biggie and Tupac. And I was just like, oh, if I ever got a chance to tell that story, which is part of the reason 2020 got held up, right? Yeah. That got put in my face And I said, well I have to do this. Like, this is like a passion project and you know, like humanizing Rodney King just talking about the divisions in the city.


Like how it was more complicated than people thought. I, I couldn't, I couldn't, I couldn't wait to do that. So that was probably the thing that I'm most proud of. I did, you know, I did a, a season on Ju Clarence Thomas a couple years later, which was more critically acclaimed, but my favorite is season six of Slow Burn the LA Riots. What was the most surprising thing you learned about Tupac and Biggie when you worked on that one? I think the degree of intimacy between them that like, they like and, And it makes sense in retrospect how things got outta control, right? Because that kind of hatred, like that kind of anger only comes about when you know somebody and they're like your friend, right?


And they were really friends. Like Tupac had a lot to do with Biggie becoming a celebrity and like, you know, getting accepted out on the west coast and you know, he, Tupac wanted to sign Biggie to his record label, right? Like, and, and Biggie was like, and but, but then Tupac was like, ah, I don't know this Diddy guy or Puffy, he, he knows what he's doing. You probably should stick with him, but ooh, we could collaborate. Yeah. I mean, Right. Yikes. Right, right. I mean, in some ways it worked and in some ways, you know, it, it probably is best. We didn't get to see how that was gonna turn out in the end, but yeah man, so that, that part of it was the thing. I knew that they had been cool, but I didn't know how cool. And that was sort of a revelation And it explained a lot about what happened after, once I learned that I think How many years before somebody does the Drake Kendrick version of that podcast, man, how many do we need time to pass?


Like what's the right amount of time? Oh, to actually like, let everything settle and then dive into it, Right? Because in so much with Drake is unsettled. Yeah. Like we don't know where he's actually gonna, he hasn't released any, he hasn't really released any music. He hasn't really presented himself in front of the public. Again, actually, I'm sort of fascinated by like what Kendrick is gonna do at the Super Bowl is like the LA guy, right? Like, like he, he probably had one show in mind and now after all this the, you know, the, the, the events of the past week, I, I wonder if he's gonna have to broaden it a sort of shift focus. But yeah, because of all that, because we haven't had, their careers haven't continued. Like that's doesn't have to be at least 10 years. Don't you think we gotta give it 10 when Drake's almost 50?


Yeah. You need, I, I don't know what the right level of distance is and especially in the documentary era, it really feels like that shortened, you know, like the last dance to me, what was that, 22 years? Yeah. From the last season that was kind of the perfect amount of nostalgia time. It really was. It really was. Because you want, you want people, you want them to have enough distance that they can really say shit after the fact, right. In the interviews and the last dance is a good example. I've certainly had all that, but also there's a whole new generation moving up that wants to learn more about it. So yeah. I I just feel like that window is shortened now. Now it's like 10, 12 years in, not 20. Absolutely. Well, yeah, the thing is, and if you wait for too long, somebody else is gonna do it and they may screw it up and like, and then it's like, well you really don't want to go over that ground again, right?


Like, it's already out there, but then it's like maybe not the ideal project at the end of the day. So Yeah. Did, wait, lemme ask you about the last dance thing then, because yeah, like, don't you think that like they kind of, I felt like because of all the fallout as a result of that, like, like I don't know what the hell is going on with Scotty Pippen. Like anytime I see Scotty Pippen in a video or a real now, like I feel sorry for him And I don't know how much of this emanates from what came out of the last dance or whatever, you know, he is gotten divorced, but I feel like they almost have to revisit and re-interview some of these people because I feel like there was a lot of fallout from the last dance and it's like, I feel like that story like kind of got sparked back up And I need some sort of closure on a lot of these things.


Yeah, I think Isaiah probably has more of a case for feeling like he was completely betrayed by it. You know, he just comes off like the villain, right? Pippin's more complicated because they tell the whole story about, you know, in 94 when mjs gone and he doesn't wanna come back in the game. That was a big part of his legacy. Like when, when I wrote about him in my book a million years ago, a lot of what I wrote in the Pippin part was about, it's unfair that that moment framed his career when he was like the most selfless teammate, awesome guy to play with. One of the best 30 players ever. But I think if you, if you really watch the Last Dance again, the last episode, it circles back and talks about how much pain he was in in the 98 finals.


But I, part of me wonders did Pippi even Pippen even finish it because by the end of it, it's like, it's like heroic watching him go through this stuff. But I mean, big picture, what changed is, I think people are so, sports people are so much more hesitant down to be docs unless it's about them. Unless they're the stars. You don't wanna be the bad guy in a sports doc. I think the Isaiah thing, yeah, I, we dealt with it with the Celtics when we, we did this nine part Celtic stock that's coming out in 2025 and 15 years ago, we would've gotten everybody this time around. It's, you're, it's so much harder to get people. Really? Yeah. Oh man. Yeah. I you, you, you can't tell me who's been a, a, a source of frustration here than Canada.


No, sadly. No. But you okay. It, it's just, I think the way it is going forward, because in the late two, two thousands especially, nobody really knew what documentaries were. They weren't like, they weren't made like they are now where it's like they're leading Netflix and they're leading HBO and whoever. So I think the stakes feel higher and people either feel like if it's not about them or if they're not getting paid, they're, they don't wanna be in it. Let me tell like that was the big problem with the Biggie and Tupac. I, I I, I'll just admit this on, on your show here, I did not like season three for Slow Burn, like the Biggie and Tupac. 'cause so much of it was people not wanting to talk.


'cause first of all, people have talked about Biggie and Tupac forever. Yeah. Some people think they deserve their own documentary and then Yeah. Then other people are like, why would I talk about this if I'm not getting paid? And I feel like people have gotten sort of attuned to the idea that like, all right, well I've got this information if you want it, I need something out of this for myself. Right. And actually though, now that you mention it, I would watch the Scotty Pippin documentary, you know, Well he, so his whole background, which they went into a little in the last dance, but, you know, it's, he, he was about as broke as it gets growing up as a kid. Like his, I think his dad was basically couldn't work, was handicapped and Right. So that kind of led to all the financial decisions he made.


Were just trying to grab money, grab these extra long contracts where you're not getting paid as much, never being able to bet on yourself. 'cause you needed money so bad. And it was like this eight year spin cycle for him. Just bad contract after bad contract. And unfortunately with sports, like you make a couple bad decisions, you can't get out of it. Now we now we have the NBA where you have like Jimmy Butler or Bradley Beal stuck in situations they don't like, but they're making 50 million a year. So it's like, I I don't really feel that bad for you. Yeah. I don't feel, yeah, I don't, you know, and also, I mean, you know, Jimmy, you could show up, you could play, You know what I mean? I don the right, the, the thing, I call him Jimmy Succeed. I'm like, well, you know, I can understand, I can, I could understand the heaps problem here that like, well you want just kind of coast through the regular season.


Like why don't you take the responsibility of leading us to home court advantage in the playoffs once? Like that would be cool. Wouldn't that be nice? Also do that would, you know, do the Aons or whatever a solid, I'm sure that would earn them a lot of money too for having playoff games in the first round. So It's, it's such a mid 2000 twenties thing where it's like, here, on the one hand, I see the case for Jimmy, like brought the team to the finals in 20 and 23 was expecting them to make some sort of upgrade. It's not Miami's fault. I don't think necessarily that Portland didn't want what they were offering for Dame lowered, but they didn't get anybody else. So he's doing the item not getting enough help thing. I kind of see it, I also see the Miami side of like, we're paying you 50 million a year, you're the best guy in the team.


We're paying you to be there, you know, for nine months, a year. We don't wanna have to wonder when you're playing or not and why are you unhappy? So it's, it just feels like a bad marriage. Like it's the classic bad sports marriage Ab don't you think he would've been pissed if he had had got, if they had gotten Dame too, like now that we've seen Dame and I'll, I'll, I'll, yeah, I'll, I'll go back to Dame. It was the, the Tokyo games. And I remember thinking, man, he looks not good out there. Like I just, I didn't trust Yeah, I I I liked it when they had Drew Holiday out there instead of him. And I was like, oh man, he just, I didn't know if he had just turned the corner in his career or what, but I was like, I don't, and so when he went to Milwaukee, I remember thinking, I don't know if that's, I don't know if that's gonna be the answer, but, okay.


We'll see. And so if he went to Miami without Giannis, I mean, I don't, I think they would have a lot more reasons to be pissed down there. I remember making those points when he was being, when he was being shopped to the different teams and then everybody was like, you're just Celtics fan. You don't want Miami to get Dame. It's like, look, there's, there's some evidence that he's an awful defensive player. Right? He's also a little guy hitting his early mid thirties, which we have a lot of evidence with that, that that gets a little dangerous. I actually think he's been a little better in Milwaukee this year than I was expecting, but, right. The the Jimmy thing is in such a strange spot now because he also has this player option next year. So if you trade for him, you're also paying him next year.


So it's a two year commitment. It's his only leverage over Miami because if they don't trade him, then he could just opt in and now they're paying him. So now he's screwed up one year instead of two for them. But that if you're Miami, you don't wanna take a bad contract back. Right. So Phil is like, all right, fine. Take Paul George, you can have him this year and the next three Miami's gonna be like, no way. We're not taking Paul George. I, I, the thing is, is like they just have to kind of get over the idea. Like they're not gonna win a championship now. Right? I mean, that's the thing. I mean, I get it. They have to sort of take their medicine, I guess. Like don't, don't they have to be bad, but that is not a Pat Riley thing. Like, he's not gonna allow them to be bad. Yeah. 'cause they have some good assets and Right.


They're a little bit better than being in the middle, but they're not, they're not a top six playoff team. Right. Hero's playing the best he's ever played. And if Jimmy comes back the way that he could actually play, they're pretty interesting. They're not gonna make the finals again. But I, I don't, I don't, it's an unsolvable one because what you don't wanna do is compound a mistake by taking somebody else's mistake. That's why Bradley Beal's never happening in a million years. But if Phoenix plays worse and worse, eh, maybe now Durant becomes a possibility, you know, and, and at least you're taking advantage of somebody else's misfortune to get outta yours. Let me tell you something.


I mean, as a Rockets fan, you know, I grew up in Houston. Yeah, please, please don't, please don't trade for kd. Like, I just don't, I I like our young core like ple, like we have a lot of assets. Please. I just wanna rock with Amen. Jalen. Yeah. Seguin. Like I just wanna see that with IME and let's, let's just go with that. Like, let's not do the Katie thing. 'cause as great as he is, I just kind of feel like the days of him being able to elevate a team in quite that way are kind of over. So let's just, I like what we're doing. It's the only thing that makes me feel good about missing out on wimpy in the draft. So like, let's just, I please, if Houston, if you can hear me, let's keep this roster. Let's just rock with it for a little bit longer and see what we can go with it. Please.


How close were you to Wim? I forget how many picks. I mean two I, but I think that like, I think they had, what did they have the second best odds to get Wimpy or something like that, right. First or second. And they ended up picking, they ended up picking third, which is, you know, fine. But I'm not upset with the pick. But obviously it's not, it's not wimpy. Like I so, So to recap, you're not totally fired up. You didn't get a generational super duper star. Yeah, exactly. I mean I think that like what the Rockets are doing, it's like the only thing that makes me feel good, I'm like, oh, this is the kind of team, they're really good, they're young, they can grow together. Also, I feel like they're strong in a way that sort of could cause problems for wimpy.


Like this physical deep team. Yeah. Right. And I could see that causing wimpy problems. So I'm like, okay, like if we can keep this together, then I'm fine with it. But if not, then like I'm just gonna Yeah. Belabor missing out. We got Yao, we got Ralph Sampson, we got Dream. Yeah. I just kind of expect it the Wim be thing that's supposed to be us. That's supposed to be the Houston thing and we missed out on it. Yeah. I Forgot to, I forgot about your Rockets connection. I think they're the most fascinating team to be a fake GM for when you just look at their assets. What? Oh man. Because they're, they're 26 and 12, you know, or at least when we're taping this on a Wednesday, every time I feel like they're gonna maybe tail off a little bit. Like, Jabari Smith got hurt and you think, alright, here we go.


'cause this team is not a 26 and 12 team. They no last five minutes of a game, they can barely get a decent shot off and it's gonna dip. And then they, they just keep winning and winning and they're really mentally tough. They play good d they've good coach. And I don't know what I would do. I don't know what the tweak is. Well, let me ask you, 'cause you're the, I mean you're the NBA expert here. Like, do you think though, this is one of those examples of a team that is already sort of capped out on, its like they're, they play really, they're young. You may can get them to play really hard in the regular season, but when it comes to the postseason, there may not be another gear for them. There's not, at least right now. No, there's not. So the question you have to ask when you're in a situation like them is like OKC two years ago they were like basically a 500 team.


They played really well together. They had a certain ceiling to what they were doing and he was very hesitant of trading anything for it. Then last year, same thing, right? They, they ended up, they really could have beaten Dallas, they could have made the finals, but they were still really hesitant about making a move. And then this year was when they made the move. And I, I think like if I was Houston's conciliary, unless I could get Darren Fox for Van Wheat and some picks, like if that was really sitting there, you have to do that. Like if you can, if you can basically just change your point guard position. 'cause Van Wheat, I, I admire the guy. He plays hard, he is an overachiever, but he's just, when he has the ball with three minutes left in a tight game, you, I don't have any confidence he's scoring.


Right? Like nobody's scared of him. No, you don't mind him having the ball, right? No. Yeah. Yeah. So if they could get like a, like a fox type level guy, like a booker somehow became available. That's the only thing I would think about. IWI want another year with Jalen Green 'cause I still don't know what he is. Yep, same. Yeah, same thing with Jabari, who I, I think I like a little more than most. And then I think their number one asset is Thompson. Like if I'm just like, if I'm ranking their trade assets, I think he might be number one for me. I was so mad when they picked him, by the way, bill, I was like, man, what the fuck This, this overtime elite shit man. Right? Yeah. I don't want this dog. Don't fall this, it did not feel good.


But yeah, I love that dude so much. Man. He's such a, he's such a dog and he's like pro, I mean, how many, I mean, it's very rare that he's on the floor and he's not the best athlete on the floor, which is crazy to say in the NBA, but that is, that is legit. Yeah. At least I think, yeah, I know a couple people that have seen hi, seen the rockets in person this year separately in different cities and all of them texted me after and were like, oh my God, like this guy athletically. And it was the same same feeling I got too, where it's like just certain guys move differently. Yeah, man. You know, where they, and this is a league of these awesome athletes. These are some of the best athletes we've produced as a country. Yeah. And yet some guys still stand out and he was one of the guys that you're watching going, man, it's just feels like he's a split second faster, more athletic.


He can bend in any way more explosive. Like he's just, I don't know what his ceiling is, but for, from what I've seen so far, there's no reason to me that like, there's not like a Pippin would be the ceiling for me. Right. And I don't think that's a crazy thing to say. No, not at all. I mean, he's, I mean, how old is he again? He's like 20. Is he 20? It's like 2120 or 21, something like that. Yeah. Yeah, man. I mean, yeah, just, there's so much growth left for his game And I don't know, like I, I don't know if you wanna clear it out so that he can become like the alpha dog on your team. Well, we don't know offensively. We don't know is the shot ever gonna be there? Scotty always, you know, he wa he was basically going to Michael Jordan basketball camp every day.


So he, the IQ stuff from MJ kind of eventually morphed, but he was always such a good playmaker and like passer and you know, he had a little weird post up game. And I don't know if that stuff's in there, but the defensive athleticism stuff, like if you're doing grades, he's a plus. A plus. Yeah, yeah, yeah. No, I, I want to hold onto that guy forever. And I just, you know, I love, I love the, like, again, I don, you know, maybe I could probably live without Dylan Brooks, but I understand like his role on a team like that and Right. It helps to create a culture, which is totally different than it existed a couple years before. But like, well One fun thing that, one fun thing that's happening with Houston, Memphis, Oklahoma City, and then I'm gonna say half of Minnesota, but you have some real Alpha e defensive teams athletes, they're all like, kind of around the same age range for the most part.


And when you watch League Pass, it'd be like, oh, Houston's playing Memphis. This game's gonna be fucking awesome, you know? Oh my God. Houston's OKC tonight. Oh my God. I can't wait. So there's, there's this little subset now of the league that's like, basically the sons of LeBron, all them were probably, they don't even remember the NBA when LeBron wasn't in it. Right. And, and they're, it's something, You know what I mean? Oh yeah, absolutely. Well, I was looking, I mean, I was like, dude, the Southwest standings in the NBA, like San Antonio is fourth man, right? They're fourth, 19 and 19. And the fifth place team is the Pelicans. And I felt like if Zion is right, they can beat any of those teams any night too. Right? Right. And they're nine and 32. But like, if Zion is right, which is, I watched it Last night, they beat somebody and Zion was, I don't know if they're auditioning him.


I'm on the record. I, it's the most fun, the most fun trade that we can come up with in basketball right now is Zion to disperse. Oh man. Come on Don. No, I'm telling you. I no. What? Put Zion Zion with Weby Zion trade their stuff. A couple picks. I don't want that. Put him in a different organization. Come on. Get him the ball. You're out. Why don't you like that? I could. I don't, 'cause I don't, I don't like the Spurs. I don't wanna hear their mouth. Oh yeah. Yeah. I don't want them. Oh, so you selfish. Yeah. That's that's terrifying. Yeah. I don't want that to happen. I also felt like, like Zion looking up at Weby and being like, man, this, look how this guy, how serious he takes his career.


Like, I mean, they were talking about his dedication to the game when he was 17 years old over in pa you know, pair Learning two languages, learning how to like, become like a face of a league basically, you know? Yeah, yeah. He's, he's planned it all out. I, I wouldn't compare, this isn't an exact comparison 'cause Randy Moss was better than Zion and Randy Moss did more stuff than Zion, and he was healthier than Zion. But there was a moment when, when Randy Moss was on the Raiders that year, and they were a dumpster fire and, you know, everything was wrong. He wasn't playing that hard. And his asset as a trade asset slipped to the point the Patriots stole him for like a fourth rounder. It was a fourth Round pick. It was crazy. Yeah.


Right, Right. But they got him and then he was immediately rejuvenated. I do wonder, like if that happens, whoever gets Zion, if they could just get him in the right thing, would that be like the best trade you could make? I think that is like 90, like I'm like 90% certain that's gonna happen because I mean, it just, it, he did not want to go to New Orleans in the first place. It just felt like it was never going to work out. And it in New Orleans is a franchise. I feel like if you're CJ McCollum, you're a professional, like, I'm just gonna show up. It doesn't matter where I got a ball, like I'm gonna do it or whatever. But like, the expectations of Resign was so much more than that. And clearly he thrived in a place where he was the star of the show and there was a lot of attention on him And it just felt like New Orleans is not where it needs to be.


And also the, the training staff, I don't know. Anyway, so What do, what do mean? No, now that it's the worst organization in the league. I, that's a huge part of this. Yeah. That's What I'm, I feel like it's pretty much guaranteed that if he goes someplace that he feels motivated to play and he's got a bunch of guys or dogs around him, I feel like it's a certainty that he's going to take off no matter where he goes. So, And he's at least showing the flashes too, you know, like even in the playing game before he got hurt, like he's, he was taking it to LeBron in a way that was unusual. He likes Being that guy. Yeah, man. Yeah. And it, so it's clearly in there. I think that it's un un Unless, unless he gets hurt, it's going to come out and it's gonna come out somewhere else. It's just, it's just some places it's just not gonna happen dude. And like, I feel like we've seen enough of New Orleans now.


It's like, it's just not gonna happen down here, so it's time to go somewhere else. Yeah. Well I know New Orleans is bad for me when I'm there for four days, so I can't imagine when you're him with some of the vices that he has. I don don't, don't you? Well, I don't win. I feel like, I feel like New Orleans is sad though too. Like I feel like I could be down there for three or four days and then I gotta kind of keep it moving. You know? It's like Vegas. Yeah, yeah. Vegas is fun for three days. This is like, it's, this is too much. The thing with him, this is like, these are the NBA players I grew up with where these guys, they have so much talent, they're so awesome, but they never find the right spot, right situation, whatever. And then it just never happens. Oh, van Layton's here, he's gonna join us.


We'll take a, we'll take a quick break, come back and talk some college football with Van.


This episode is brought to you by Peloton. Life's always changing one season, you're trying to break personal records and the next, you're just looking for a solid routine. Peloton is here for all of it with workouts that flex to fit your schedule, whatever it looks like. You've got options from four weeks strength programs to running, cycling and everything in between. Pelotons got the tools to adapt to whatever goal you're chasing in this season of your life. And here's the real kicker with Pelotons All Access membership. You can work out wherever you need to at home on the bike tread or row or even on the go with the app. Take your favorite classes with you to the gym on the road, wherever. So whatever you're aiming for that 5:00 AM club or squeezing in a late night session, Peloton is ready. Whenever you're find your push, find your power with peloton@onepeloton.com.


This message is a paid partnership with Apple Card. If you wanna take control of your finances, apple Card is where it starts. A credit card that can give you up to 3% daily cash back on every purchase. I have one. I can tell you this is true. I know and love Apple Card. So many places I can use it, especially during a busy time here with football, basketball, the holidays all at once. I can use my Apple card on tickets to a game, a gift for my dad, or even tickets as a gift for my dad. Plus, anytime there's a new Apple product, it's a lot easier. Apply for an Apple card today. It's easy. Just go to the wallet app on your iPhone. Again, that easy. Subject to credit approval. Apple Card issued by Goldman Sachs Bank, USA, salt Lake City branch terms and more@applecard.com.


All right. Van Latton is here. He is joining us. We're gonna talk college football. Yes. It's the first time you guys have been on a podcast together. Yeah. Ever. A lot of respect for this guy. Yeah. Likewise man. Likewise. College football. I'm gonna let you guys carry this. I'm just gonna be the point guard set you up. I'm gonna be like Reed Shepherd in the G League. Just, just running fast breaks and reigning threes before we have Joel's five favorite things for college football. Before we do that. Notre Dame, Ohio State. Every person I know who gambles on college football is like, just throw Ohio State in a parlay. It's a wrap. They're too big. They're bigger, they're better. Like this is, this is done. They were the eight seed this year. Yeah. Is this done? Does Notre Dame is there?


Nobody believes in this case. I think Notre Dame probably has a lot of bulletin board material. People are on Ohio State like crazy. They have a ridiculously talented roster and they're peaking at the right time. Right. However, I, despite all of the animus between LSU fans and Notre Dame fans online, I am not ready to say that Freeman and his staff up there in South Bend are not gonna find a way to make this game competitive and not have a chance to win this game in the fourth quarter. I think that they will. What do you think, Joel? I definitely think it's gonna be closer than people think, but at the end of the day, your limitations are your limitations. No, no. Notre Dame can't pass.


Right? Like they can't pass the ball. And I feel like that's gonna be a real problem in a game where you, I mean the thing about Ohio State some, which was we, we'll get into it in the list later, but somebody's supposed to slip free, right? Like Trayvon, you know, queen Sean, Jeremiah, acca Cornell, somebody is going to bust loose and like Notre Dame is gonna have to do something other than put together a 13 place, 72 yard drive to keep up. And I, I just think eventually after a while that takes a toll and they'll kind of fall behind. But I do, I agree with Van that it's gonna be much closer and they're gonna be a tougher out for Ohio State than people think. So I think what happened with me with Notre Dame was the last game.


I think there were a lot of questions answered. Now we could talk about Penn State and some of the limitations that Penn State has, particularly the explosiveness that they lack in their downfield passing game. But a lot of things that people, a lot of questions. Should I say that people are asking about Notre Dame in the game, which was if they ever got behind right, could they play from behind? Did the offense have enough wrinkles that they have dynamic enough talent on that side of the ball to get them back into a game where they couldn't play complimentary football defense like A Pittsburgh steel war situation. Exactly. We're down 14, the game is now over. No, it's it Yeah. But they got down 10. Yeah, they got down 10 and Riley Leonard was even knocked out of the game, which honestly I think kinda worked in Notre Dame's favor a little bit because they weren't really preparing for the backup quarterback to come in there and complete a couple passes.


And they played from behind and they made enough plays in the passing game in that game against a quality not quite as good as Ohio State defense. Maybe not, but it's not too, it's pretty comparable. A quality Penn State defense, they made enough plays in the passing game to go win the game. They are facing an uphill battle. But for some reason, I think the game will be competitive. Yeah. I, I, I don't, I don't, if I don't, I don't think, I can't envision a scenario in which Notre Dame can get to 24 and that's why I don't think they can win. And I feel like Ohio State can kind of f up and can, can we, we, we can't curse here. Right? I can say fuck yeah. Fuck yeah. I can say fuck, fuck talking about. I was like, sure. Well I know y'all curse, but I just, I'm not, I'm new here.


Right. Alright, well I think I, I think, I think Ohio State can fuck around and get 24. Like, I mean, you know, they can just luck up into a couple of hit Jeremiah deep, you know, a, a drive or whatever. And I don't, I Notre Dame again better than people that think they're gonna be, but I don't think they can get to 24. Alright, Two follow up questions on this one. Ohio State was the eighth that ranked eighth heading into the playoffs. So a year ago. They're not in the playoffs. Yeah. So now they're gonna, they're heavily favored to win the title. So what does that mean? Big picture, were we just doing this wrong the last 20 years? Do we have to go back and go through all the times when maybe the wrong team won? No, no, no, no, no. What does it mean? Because I don't, I don't think that Ohio State necessarily deserves to be the national champion.


Like by, like, by the standards of the champions that have come before them, they're a failure. They didn't beat their biggest rival, they didn't win their conference championship. So like it that they win, like it redeems like the fuckups they had earlier in the season. But I don't think it means that they deserve to have been in the playoffs. Like it's just a, a, a circumstance of history that they're in the playoffs, but I don't, you know, like they're the best team, but they didn't live up to that during the year. And if they didn't make the playoffs, I don't think anybody would've lost any sleepover. Well Counter they lost two games by four points. Yeah, but I mean, have, have, well, we'll talk about it, but like, I mean Yeah, you watched had you watched Michigan play this year?


Yeah, I watched that game And it was, the announcers were shocked as it was happening. I mean Yeah, what's your take? So I think the dynamic, it depends on which version of college football that you believe in. So if you believe the traditional college football sort of way of doing things that I was brought up on, and I'm sure Joel's brought up on too, which was the most deserving team won the national championship after a full body of work was, was examined. Yeah. Then Ohio State's not there. But what I think they were trying to move to by expanding the playoff was to see if they could get to a situation where the best team wins the, the the the national championship.


And that's on the field. And that means that if you slip up a couple of Saturdays, right, it doesn't matter because if you have the best roster and you are playing the best at the right time, then you get a chance to prove it on the field. Right. So like that Michigan loss in the old system is catastrophic for them. Oh, Well Let's go to, it's like one of the worst losses in the history of Ohio State. Well, let's go now. It's not, It's the worst loss that I can remember in that rivalry. But let's not even talk about Ohio State. Let's talk about Notre Dame that lost at home to Northern Illinois. Right? Right. So that is a disqualifying loss in most iterations of the old way of doing college football. It is not in this particular day.


So is that better or worse? I mean, I guess it kind of depends on what you think I wrote about this for The Ringer dot com. I know you did. I and so I, I what I would say is that if college football fans can sort of disabuse themselves as like, as Vance said, the most deserving notion, and it's like, well NFL fans, when, when Brady and the Bucks won the Super Bowl, I mean, I don't know if anybody thought they were clearly the most deserving team or anything like that, but they won. They were the champion. And so like NFL fans accept that And it, it's Gonna be like Washington with Jaden Daniels when he wins the Super Bowl in three weeks. Or it'll be like when a nine and 17 beat an undefeated. Didn't wanna, I didn't wanna, well also Like that, I blocked that out.


I don't even remember that happening. Is that the Patriots Alright, sorry Joel, go ahead. No, but yeah, no, but I, I, I'm I'm with you on that. So if it, if it's gonna be like that then and we we're gonna become college fans become NFL fans, I'll be like, alright, that happens to be the champion this year. But I kind of, I guess there's an older dude, I kind of like the, so do I every game, you know, like that loss in Michigan, it should count for something like it should be now in this way. It just made Ohio State mad. But it used to be that Oh man like that, the whole program crumbles. Ryan Day has to go away. Caleb Downs is back in the portal. Yeah. All that kind of stuff. And there's a, I don there, there's a cultural question in Columbus right now too with my Ohio State fans.


And the question is, it sounds stupid to people who don't understand college football and don't understand the rivalry. Yeah. But it's a question that's very much on the mind of people up there. And the question is, would you rather beat Michigan or would you rather win a national championship? Yeah. Now the answer seems obvious. There's no Ohio State fan right now on the precipice of winning a national championship that's gonna say, oh man, like blah, blah, blah, blah, blah. Like this doesn't matter as much. But then the day after the Michigan loss, the week after the Michigan loss, like when they were talking about Ryan Day, the way that they were talking about Ryan Day. Yes. They would've, they'd be lying to you if they'd have told you right now that that wasn't a soul crushing moment, that not even a national championship completely repair and heal.


Hmm. Right. Like, don't, like, I think that there's still questions even if he wins to national championship, is this the right guy? You know, like, Hey, is this, is this the right guy? True. It's hilarious though. Yeah. Yeah. He's I Boston to Michigan four times in a row. Like, are you, bill, are you familiar with the Bayou Classic? I brought this up on RE'S podcast. Shout out to him. Shout out to Riggs. But the Bayou Classic at Southern University, rest in peace Dad. Like they would rather beat Grambling than win the Swac. Yeah. That's a no brainer. Like it's a one game Super Bowl that means everything from some people that are traveling from up north in Louisiana, down to New Orleans, us making a shorter drive. And it's all on the line right there.


And that's just the way college football is. And if you ever get to a point where Ohio State fans will care, even Ella less about beating Michigan, you've lost the whole sport. Notre Dame, can you walk me through the relationship Notre Dame has now in 2025 with America? Because I know what it meant in the seventies days. To me, it felt like the biggest school on the planet forever. And then all of a sudden it wasn't, and then it came back. And now where are we in 2025? I mean, I think it's still probably personal for, it probably is the pro the program that your grandmother is most likely to recognize. Right. Right.


It like, it, it does have that. And it no longer has the cachet. I mean, there was a time the, you know, this large Catholic wealthy university owned network, it had all these advantages over everybody else. Well, we all know that that's not even true. They lost a coach to LSU. Like, we're not in, you know, no disrespect Van, you know, but we can't do LSU is not Bama, it's not Texas. It's not Ohio State. God. This is like sh shots fired. We're just Saying bullshit. Jesus. I grew up, when I grew up LSU was a seven and five ass program. It no, it was a seven to four ass Program. Oh my God. Like before, Before, Before Kevin Falk Went, I'm worried I'm gonna get hit by a bullet. Okay. Before Kevin Falk went to LSU, and then definitely before Nick Saban got there, they were like, if Texas a and m beat or lost to LSU, I'd be like, man, what happened to Texas a and M?


So this is bullshit. So like, so, so it's because LSU was down in the nineties, that's for sure. LSU won the SECA couple of times in the eighties, which was a hell of a time to win the SEC. The program was pretty good. It was a very important, we had to had a Heisman Trophy winner, all of that stuff. L You talking about Billy Canner? Yeah, I'm talking about Billy Canner in 1958. That matters, right? What y what y'all talking about? 1958, y'all Hold on, hold on, hold on, hold on. Now, now we can do I get To count my Celtics title from 1958 for You. Y'all, y'all count all them titles. You don't Count And, and, and like y'all count all of the titles from back in the segregated days in Boston. Not, not in the NBA, but, but, but what I'm saying is LSU when we came into college football Yeah.


Was down in the nineties. And the reason why the, the program was down, I'm not about to do a whole LSU defense. It's 'cause a lot of the best players from Louisiana were escaping. Warwick Dunn didn't go to LSU, Cordell Stewart didn't go to LSU, some of these people, what happened was Nick Saban was able to reorient and Jerry DiNardo to a degree, was able to reorient the position of LSU in Louisiana van where we could keep some of the talent back at home. And when that started, we became a perennial power. Let, let me, let me throw this theory at you. 'cause I say that Nick Saban actually integrated the SEC, like the way that he recruited the LSU. If you look at like, in recruiting rankings over those years, like starting from like, like the, like 98 when, when Saban gets there, like every year, like the SEC school, like LSU starts creeping up the, the recruiting rankings.


And then slowly but surely, and certainly when she, by the time he goes to Alabama, all the other schools start to catch up and they're like, oh yeah, I guess we need to recruit these guys. 'cause it used to be there was a lot of reticence. Like even in, even in Texas, like there was some reticence that the University of Texas, they didn't really recruit the, the, the guys out of the urban centers like Dallas, Houston, those guys went to Florida State, they went to, you know, Michigan or whatever. They didn't go to Texas. And then like something happened in the late nineties, early two thousands. And I said like Nick Saban for me, like when I look back at what he did, I felt like he integrated the SEC in a, in a way. Right. And that, And I think that's what was the inflection point for LSC. But prior to that, come on, man. You know what y'all were I No, in the nineties we down were Texas Tech.


Were in the, oh, come on. I didn't, I didn't realize Billy, Billy Cannon. I forgot about Billy Canon's. Heman Billy. Billy Canon's. You know what really happened? Shaq went to Ls U huh? Shaq went, Shaq went to LSU And it bankrupted the whole school for like 10 years. They, they're still Checks. They hired a guy. It it, this is, and this is a cautionary tale for any college program. They hired a guy named Curly Hallman you for, for most programs. And the way never Trusted Curly. And and by the way we're talking about Bama. It's so interesting that people go L SSU is not Bama. Bama was down right. For 10 years too. Bama was down, super down. We were kicking Baba's ass every single year until Saban comes to Bama.


The first year Saban was at Bama, Bama loses, Hey man, UL Monroe. So what I'm saying is, any program out there, right? You look at when Bobby Bowden leaves Florida State, what Florida State has to go through until Jimbo Fisher gets there. You leave at, you look at Texas and Mac Brown. Texas is just getting back. It doesn't matter what color your blood is in college football. If, if it's blue, if it's red, whatever it is, you are one bad coaching hire. Yeah. One bad coaching hire. When we were coming up, Nebraska was an unquestionable blue blood. Right. Tommy Frazier, Lawrence Phillips, all of these guys haven't been nationally relevant since Colorado.


You are one bad hire, one bad, hire two, maybe at the most from being in a situation you don't wanna be in. I wasn't Saying LSU was Indiana. I'm saying that y'all would not know the dame. We Weren't, we weren't know nobody, Nobody ever, nobody ever thought About Y'all thought apologized to him. You were right. No, nobody thought LSU was like this great blue blood program. It's not about A Good solid program. It's a good solid program. But what I'm saying is that if you are a program and you represent a culture where football is very important like it is in Louisiana, it's like live or die in Louisiana, it is. Whether it's LSU, Southern High School, whatever, you're actually one coaching hire away from being able to harness the power of your state. LSU was not in the same conversation with Notre Dame USC or historically and probably still isn't.


But I will say since 2000, you have three national championships. You've played for a fourth national championship. You've, Nobody wants to your credentials, You won the SEC, you've This what we wanna Your team's, not even the championship game. You've had two Heisman trophy winners. Are You happy with your program? Do you are are you happy? Would you rather like a fucking booster? Happy have, It's like having Buddy Garrity Here talking about Am I, am I happy with LSU right now? No, I think we should be doing better. But the the to me trajectory matters And it, and the entire context of where you are matters. And Coach o who was a great coach in terms of what he was able to get on the show, what a Character Great. A great coach Character. I mean, I'm gonna be honest with you in terms of when I say he was a great coach, this is what I mean.


If you put together the team that we had in 19 together, you gotta at least have the potential to be a great coach. Right. And so he wasn't a great long-term guy 'cause he likes to fuck booster's wives and, and like Allegedly Whatever. So he wasn't a good long-term guy. Right. And he left the program in shambles for what we needed for the time that we had him. He was good. He took what Les Miles couldn't do, undefeated season, all of that stuff. Now LSU is getting back to the point to where people in south Louisiana are looking for real results from Brian Kelly. And we'll see in the next couple years if we can deliver 'em, Can I throw a hottest take at you guys? Most important guy this century for the SEC Dante Culpepper.


Why? Because if Saban picks Drew Brees over Dante Cole Pepper, he never goes to Alabama. And then what happens to the SEC? Oh you talking about we would, we would've been Alabama. Would you have Yeah. Would you have would Less miles man? No, we Would Less miles for Real. No, it it, it, I don't Know if that hottest take worked, but I wanted to fire it off anyway. I think That was very ing I like Because I don't, I still think Saban's in the NFL Now if he has Drew Brees, he would've had Drew Brees for 15 years. Oh no, I got, actually I was confused. You're saying he went to, so if, if Nick Saban never, what I meant to say is Saban picked Cole Pepper over Drew Brees because Drew had to search shoulder. What I was saying is, I got a little turned around I was saying is if Saban never leaves LSU we'd have been Bama.


We wouldn't have been Bama with less milestones. Oh yeah. So yeah. Yeah. So you're saying if he, if he stays in Miami and he has a lot of success there, then he never comes back And it Yeah. What happens for sure. I mean, look. Yeah, for sure. I mean that's the way things happen, right? Look, I'll I'll say that if, if Saban stayed at L-S-U-L-S-U would've been better than Bama. Like the, the BAM like LSU has a lot more going for it as a program and in terms of what it's like potential is as opposed to Bama I think. But all I'm saying is this whatever, like I've spent my life watching LSU football. I can tell you this with the talent that is inside of Louisiana. When you look at the guys that we got out there and y'all can say whatever y'all wanna say right about LSU, about whatever, people can say whatever man, Jamar, chase, Jefferson, Jefferson.


When you look at the talent in the NFL, I'm not talking about guys that Just came through That. I mean BTJ I'm talking about Neighbors and neighbors and Thomas. I'm Talking about guys that are from our Yeah. Wide receiver factory Like Derek Stingley. When you talk about guys that are from our state, if we can recruit our state, we'll be competitive with anyone. Can We switch gears? 'cause we're running outta time. Alright Joel, rip it off. Your five favorite things about college football this season, van And I are the audience I made. You have a list. You can go five to one or one to five your Choice. I was gonna, I was gonna go five to one. Let's do it. I'm gonna try, I'm gonna rush through it. Okay. Real quick. Bill, did you follow Holy Cross football from 2021 to 2023? Yes you did. I was into it. You think the quarterback play Well he went to UNLV and then left after three games.


Yeah, So like that was my number five thing. Matt Luka going to UNLV because first of all, like I think it was one of the rare things, well it ended up okay for everybody, but for people that don't know Luka go, he was the quarterback at Holy Cross transfers to UNLV plays the first three games. UNLV looks great. Like I said, man UNL v's got a good damn football program. How, what happened there? Well it turns out that he says he, he decides to sit out the rest of the season and take a red shirt because the school didn't follow through on whatever promises that they allegedly made about NIL. And I thought Well the follow through is they didn't fucking pay him. They Yeah. Right. Like he, whatever the money was, I don't, I just don't think he got it. They promised him a a hundred thousand and he only got like a thousand.


Right. And I don't know what's the, it's still unclear like what the difference is here and why those expectations weren't met. But it's like one of these things where you could project your feelings about the NIL era onto the player in this situation. And if you like me and you like players getting paid, I didn't mind him withholding his labor until he got what he felt was promised. And if you don't like it, it was about like these spoiled and entitled college players prioritizing money over the team. So I thought it was like a really, you know, like a fun story that didn't ultimately hurt anybody because UNLV still was badass and Well wait that there was a third piece to it though, which is you have like thousands of these business deals being cut left and right, right?


Yeah. With teenage kids or kids who are 2021. Yeah. With these different colleges, they're probably not. They're just like, yeah, yeah, we'll we'll get you 25,000 by. So there's so much room for Sleaziness that I don't think we've ever seen before. We've only had this with boosters before. You're just seeing now the opportunity for people to get in people's ears and promise things that they can't then deliver on. And the college athlete who is now in a brand new world that's kind of like the wild wild west with not a lot of protections or structures there to protect them or their family or protect the schools either. You're just seeing a lot of promises not being met. We'll see how, who has the power at the end of the Day?


It's either the Wild Wild West or it's like that new Netflix show where just everybody gets brutally murdered. What's that show American something? The Western, I dunno talking about Tim Reagans is on it. It was on Netflix. It's like setting the 18 hundreds. Everybody just kills everybody. Oh, was that roots? No, no, it's Peter Ster show. It's called American something. It's, it's about Wyoming and just, it's like 1883 more v. Anyway, I didn't See that one. All right Joel. Alright. Wow. Alright, I'm gonna move to number four. So, you know, Nick Saban was actually trying to be honest earlier this year when he said the only place you play in the SEC that's not hard to play is in Vanderbilt.


And then it's like, not even a month later, Alabama goes to the Vanderbilt and loses for the first time since 1984, man got their ass beat cut the Vanderbilt scored 40 points on them. They like it was, they didn't look into those points, they beat their ass And it was just hilarious. 'cause first of all, you also get to see Bama fans go crazy now. You know, it's like they've been, they've lived an unprecedented ride for like the last 15 to 20 years. And to see their faces and to see how they responded to losing the vanity in the first year post Saban, it was hilarious. So that's that, that I had to put that at number Four. Good. Right. I would also add for Saban, I loved when Shane Gillis made fun of him and Saban didn't know how to handle it was one of my favorite TV moments in a while.


Right? Because He, Do you like him? Saban had no sense of humor about it. No. He was like, who the fuck is this guy? He's saying we cheated. And I, by the way, how does he know? Yeah, He didn't say Did he, did he, did Shane say anything about charges or anything? He didn't say anything about a dust charger or Did he? No, he was just talking. He made a pain in the player's joke. Yeah. And save it was Just like, wasn't fucking with it. Yeah. Anyway, number three. Number three. So if you were like me since I followed college football, the idea of Arizona state football has always been like, man, Arizona, why isn't Aristo Arizona state any good? You know, they've got all the, they're in a, a fast growing area. They got a lot of sun. It's like a school like academics ain't gonna be into problem.


And you know, if you like me and you saw, you know, the Playboy edition of Pac 10, you know, PAC 10 seasons like Arizona, You know what I'm saying? It's rolling with You say elite milk. Yeah, yeah. I, you, you said it not me. I can't, You know what I'm saying? I I'm a family man. I'm too, But the truth is the truth. So, no, I joking, kidding Frank. But, But man, like Arizona State was dope this year, man. Like you kind of see it's like, oh man, Arizona state's good. They might have like a future. They got a 34-year-old coach he can recruit, you know, they got a little outfit. They're not gonna get camp scatter boat. Like I call that dude pocket drunk.


Like I don't know if he's gonna be good in the NFL or whatever, but like as a college character, he was perfect for like Arizona State, I think as a fourth rounder. He's a must like once don't you get past the second round, you're just like throwing darts against a dartboard, Taking a flyer on him. I mean, look. Yeah. What what you do. Could He be like Tyler Algi? What what you do know is he has an incredible skillset set. He can do a lot of different things on the football field. He might not have all the measurables. I'm sure he'll run like four, six or four, like damn four, Six. Yeah. But but he is a football player. Yeah. Who's and he's so competitive that who's Been good since he was probably what, seven years old. He's always found, found a way. Yeah. Always. And it, I'm in on that dude.


The Tape always matters more to me than the measurables. Your tape always matters more. It feels like he's gonna have some moment where somebody's starting running back will get hurt next year or a year from now. And that guy's gonna go in and have like 110 yards and be the big fantasy pickup. Yeah. God only knows. I mean, that dude beasted against Texas and like Texas has all the athletes you could think of. And he was, he Was awesome. Those dude. All right. Number two. Number two, this was the first Heisman race in about a decade where QB wasn't a serious contender. And I love that. 'cause we had, we could talk about Travis Hunter, who, I don't know, I've never seen anything like that in college football. Like maybe I, maybe if you go down a level or something or you could say, hey, there's a guy that played, you know, a thousand snaps in a season.


But I've never seen anybody do that and excel in the way that Travis Hunter did. And like there was a game this year against UCF, he had nine passes for 89 yards, a touchdown, a pass breakup and interception. And he was on the field for 128 of 143 snaps in that game. And I'm just like, yo, like I, I don't know what more you could, like, people thought Charles Woodson was amazing 'cause he played a few snaps at receiver. No. Like Travis Hunter was doing something else. Totally. And like the Aston Gente kid. I just, I'm gonna get on soapbox for a second. If you think that Aston Gente got exposed against Penn State, you are stupid. Like I literally think that you don't know ball because the dude, like if you watch that defense and him like that guy, it took everything in that Penn State defense and they focused all their efforts on them because they, because boys of state couldn't pass.


And that dude still hammered out a hundred yards. There was a, there was a 10 yard run early in the fourth quarter with six Penn State guys got a hand on that guy. Yeah, yeah, man. Yeah. I, so I love him. So I, And it Felt like they were almost running like a Golan defense on him. Yeah. But I mean he's getting Crushed. It was tough yards, but every yard that he got, he had to take it from the defense. So he just, he proved to me what a good back he was by his performance in that game. Yeah. Abdu Carter is supposedly a badass and he got hurt tackling Ashton Genti in that game. Right. You know what I'm saying? So anyway. And so He said, so Hunter's your favorite. 'cause obviously I'm moving, I have the fourth pick in the draft with my beloved Patriots. Yeah. Because we fucked up the last game of the season. But Carter is one of the guys, the fan base is kind of, we have a new coach he wants to build around the lines, like look at this guy.


I mean, you should go, could Be amazing pass rusher, but he's probably not gonna be there at four. I feel like he's gonna go before that Man. Yeah, I, I mean, feels Like a Will Anderson situation, right. Where he'll just go second. I mean, if he does get drafted high, I mean a lot of people say, but my thing is this, if you guys, if Will Anderson, will Anderson, will Campbell Homer pick, will Campbell is still on the board when you guys are drafting, you guys should take the left tackle Or we Yeah, I think that that's where we'd probably end up. Yeah. So you would play Hunter d back or receiver Dba because it's so much harder to find guys with that skillset at that position. You can get a receiver, maybe not as talented as Travis, but you could get something, a reasonable approximation on defense though. There's just not, there's just not cats like that because It seems like the, the move with him and maybe he ends up on the Pats, I don't know, but cornerback and then special packages and maybe third and third and eight and up he comes in.


Yeah. And he is like your third receiver and so maybe he's like 10 offensive plays a game and then cornerback. Yeah. Which even that would be like, nobody's doing that now. Right. I mean look, I I I don't know what the feasibility is of him playing too much, going both ways in the NFL from a wear and tear situation. Travis has been injured before. Yeah. So I don't know what the feasibility is of it. I know if I was him, I would wanna play the receiver if I was the money him just for the money. However, it is more Money they're Gonna want him. It's like 30 million a year at least. Yeah. They're probably gonna want him to play to play db, but if I was him, I would wanna find my way to to, It's so much fun.


I remember as a kid, or I wasn't a kid, I guess it was in college when Dion, he was the D back, but then every once in a while they would play him at Receiver every time he came in. Yeah. It was so fucking exciting. It was like, are they throwing bubble screen? You just gonna throw a deep form. It was like you couldn't take your ass off it. All right. Number one. Number one. And it is kind of obvious. I mean it just, there was just nothing that was going to indicate that Michigan was even gonna be competitive with Ohio State. Yeah. It was nuts. Like Ohio State was a 19 and a half point favorite coming into that game. They had a $20 million roster. Michigan didn't even have their best player of that game. Like Corner, the cornerback Will Johnson, he was out that game and this was like, they had it all set up. They're at home, they can exact revenge on this team and just totally exercise all those demons.


And they lost to like the brokest dick offensive team. I mean I saw at that like Yeah. I mean they, they can, they cannot throw a forward pass on that team. It it's, it's the most, it's one of the most embarrassing and shocking college football losses I've seen. Yeah. Really. Maybe, maybe since Michigan lost to Appalachian State. Oh yeah. A couple of decades before. Like you, You know what I mean? I, I struggled to explain how that game happened in the way that it Did with the stakes for Ohio State with The stakes for Ohio State when everything was, with everything that was on the line for Ohio State in terms of what they were playing for structurally in terms of a college football championship, but also culturally Yeah.


Like the fact that they had been getting their asses kicked and Harbaugh was there and this was the time for them to actually win that game. 31 to 10, they couldn't fucking do it. And not only that, they got fucking manhandled and got their goddamn manhood taken by their arch rivals. I could not believe it. I love this theory that that loss was worse than the, the high of winning a title. But lemme tell you something. That's A really interesting seesaw And It diluted home too. Yeah. I mean like, they did it on your home field, bro. I, I'll be honest with you, Jill, I think that loss catapulted them into a national championship run. It made them mad. I it, they, they got pissed off. They got embarrassed. They just have not played anywhere nearly like the same team since the unbeatable behemoth that we were told Ohio State was going to be this year.


They've played that way subsequently to that loss. So that says a lot about their staff and really a lot about their players and their program to be honest with you. Do you guys like Ohio State fans? No. Okay. No. All right. I have one thing to say And I have a theory in, you know, I know Concussion came out nine years ago, but I talked about this on the press box. I think Ohio State's quarterback got a concussion in the second quarter. Mm. I think Will Howard got a concussion. I because he went, he missed a play for a head. They said they were looking at his head. He said he was okay. He went back in the game and he never looked the same. So that's just, I know that football, we've moved on from that, like the worrying about CT and everything, but I kind of feel like that dude got a head injury in. Dude, I'm, I'm, I will always, for the rest of my life, think Mahomes got a concussion in that Bengals game at the end of the first half.


Right. And he was never the same after that moment. And that was when they lost. And I still can't believe they didn't make the Super Bowl day. You guys, You know what you guys are, I'm getting so sick in this conversation, this bleeding heart liberal bullshit that I'm listening to, you guys are talking like it's 2018, right? Like we, we it's always, I forgot it's Trump's American now. It's, it's, it's the unworking. This happens. Yeah. Scramble their brains. Okay. Like if I see you out there wearing one of those soft helmets Yeah. I'm gonna start trolling you and your family scramble. Their like scramble, scramble their brains. It's over. We don't have to care anymore. We don't have to care about nothing. The great unw, The great unw has happened. We don't have to care about nothing. Put two right back in the game right now.


Like, like put like, like put 'em right back in. I don't care. It's over. I don't have to care no more. No more marches. All right. We have to run Van. A pleasure, Joel, awesome to finally have you on. Yeah Man. I've had a lot of fun with you guys, man. Yeah, we'll do it again. Easy on LSU. All right. That's it for the podcast. Thanks to Joel and to Van. Thanks to Kyle Geha and Sir Rudy for producing. As always, don't forget you can watch clips and videos from this podcast on the Bill Simmons YouTube channel. And don't forget, part two of the Thursday extravaganza is coming later tonight. NFL, lots of it. Seeing a couple hours


must be 21 plus in President Select states for Kansas and affiliation with Kansas Star Casino or 18 plus in President DC. Gambling problem, call 100 gambler. Visit rg help.com. Call 1 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org/chat in Connecticut. Or visit md gambling help.org in Maryland. Hope is here. Visit gambling helpline ma.org or call 803 2 7 50 50 for twenty four seven Support Massachusetts. Or call 1 8 7 7 8 HOPE ny. Or text Hope NY in New York.