
Coming up part one of our special live trade deadline, extravaganza.


Next, it's The Bill Simmons Podcast presented by FanDuel Super Bowl 59 is here, and you can bet on America's number one game of America's number one sports book. Any way you want Fun markets who have the most yards, tons of same game parlays, offensive titties of the next drive. So much more. It's the most fun thing about the Super Bowl for me, other than watching the game. I love the Super Bowl props. You can also check out their Super Bowl squares. Pick your own numbers and make your pick for a kick a destiny. Three between the Manning Brothers. I'm picking Peyton Manning every time because Eli Manning took two Super Bowls for me so he can screw off when you win, you'll get paid instantly. Download the app today and bet the big game with FanDuel and official Sportsbook partner of Super Bowl 59. The Ringer is committed to responsible gaming. Please visit rg-help.com to learn more about the resources and help lines available. And listen end in this episode. For additional details. Must be 21 plus in President select states game problem. Call 100 gambler or visit rg help.com.


This episode is brought to you by vrbo, private Vacation Rentals With vrbo, you always get the whole house so you and your fellow fans can cheer on your team in peace. What's worse than watching a game with somebody who's not rooting for the same team? You're rooting for nothing. But that's why if you book a vacation house with vrbo, you know all the people in your house, they'll be friends, they'll be family. Ideally, they'll be the ones who also root for my teams. Plan a winning vacation, make it a vrbo.


We're also brought to you by The Ringer Podcast Network. Put up a new rewatch bowls on Monday night. We did before Sunset. The sequel to before Sunrise was four of us. Me, Sean, Chris Mallory. You can watch it on Ringer Movies, YouTube channel. You can also watch Sean and Chris And I did a trailer reaction to the new Jurassic Park movie, which I think is called Jurassic Park Money Bag. So you can watch that on YouTube as well. You can watch all the videos and clips from this podcast on the Bill Simmons YouTube channel. That's where we went live. And we did a part one and a part two heading into the trade deadline. This is the part one that we started at 1 45 ET heading into the 75 minutes right up to the trade deadline.


We recapped a bunch of stuff that already happened, tried to anticipate stuff. So when you listen to it, keep an ear for that. And then part two is coming a little bit later. That is everything right after 3:00 PM the official trade deadline. And our final thoughts, plus my million dollar picks for the Super Bowl, which we barely talked about this week. Sorry. Sometimes basketball wins. I hate to break it to everybody. Anyway, here is me, Rob Mahoney and Big Woz talking to NBA trade deadline part one. Let's go.


I don't know what my camera is, but this is The Bill Simmons Podcast. YouTube Live presented by Micala tro Superior Light Beer. The official beer sponsor of the NBA. That's Rob Mahoney. That's big Woz. So we're about to go live here in a big trade happened. Cleveland gets Deandre Hunter for Levert Niang two second round picks, second round picks, giant commodity W and then two first round swaps. We don't know what they are. I like this trade more than Rob. Yeah, because I like Deandre Hunter and you're like, go ahead, do your thing. I'm a skeptic, I'm a Deandre Hunter skeptic. I like players who will on occasion pass Deandre Hunter doesn't really do that. And now he's granted while not passing, had the best season of his career by far, has scored and shot in a way that he never has before.


That's all well and good. But when I'm imagining the Cleveland Freewheeling offense Mm. I want somebody who's gonna move the ball who knows how to play and flow. And that's not really what Deandre Hunter does to The point. Point is that vert though, I mean t's a little ball stop, right. This Year it has been. Right. Like he's actually been like a good soldier within that context. And I, I take your point, but I think he's actually done a pretty good job of that exact thing this year. Liz, you love the Hawks? I did. That's One of your surrogate teams. Yeah, for sure. Especially when Jalen Johnson wasn't injured, but Hunter I think this year has most often looked like the version of him that's been sold to us basically since he's been drafted. Right. Like this big physical guy who, you know, is really toolsy, but every now and again will make a shot and even create his own shot.


Yeah. Which, you know, takes him past the three and d sort of element. The D has been hit or miss his whole career and even his shooting has been sort of hit or miss, but this year he's actually making shots And I think that's 39% from three. Yep. That's what I think attracted him to the, to the, to the Cavaliers I Should say. Did you guys see the Cav sell at the game the other night? It caught half Of it. I did. I think this is a trade for our Celtics series where you're thinking we gotta go against Tatum and Brown for two weeks potentially. Yeah. We need a wing with size. We're not totally fired up about this Levert yang situation. Can Hunter be the guy? And I don't know. I like the trade, I don't care about swaps.


Cleveland's gonna be good the whole decade. Niang and Levert whatever, second round picks whatever like the, and Hunter's on a great deal. I think he's making like 17. Yeah, it's not too bad A year. Pretty Reasonable first score like that this year. That's felt like a great deal, right, though. That's the crazy thing I Think. I think anytime you can get somebody under 20 who could play in the last five minutes of a round two playoff game, that's a pretty good deal. Yeah. I think Hunter's another one of those guys like, like Rui who looks the part where it's like, oh, he's this big physical guy and we could get him to guard Tatum and Brown, but like in practice he's just an offensive player. He's never been a defensive force. At any point, maybe in moments and possessions at a time you'd be like, wow, if he could just tap into that.


Always. And so that's why I feel like he's available for, you know, a Caris Levert and second round picks where famously, you know, great guys get picked. I also like Cleveland going for it a little bit. You know, pushing in in a way that there are certain non-negotiables on their roster. Like Dares Garland, Jared Allen, those guys are only gonna play one position. But otherwise you want a little lineup flexibility. You want the ability to play, you know, stru here or Dean Wade there, or now Deandre Hunter at the three four. Like there's, there's some options for Cleveland that I think are pretty appealing. Not just for a Celtics matchup, but really just getting through the Eastern Conference alive. It's risky to make a trade when you're doing really well to just mess with the chemistry and the vibes of what you have. But going back to the Boston thing, like I'm looking at Hunter's last season 'cause I remember him just playing well against the Celtics, my favorite team.


And they had, they put them four times last year in the regular season and he was good in three of the games and then they played in the playoffs. I can't remember what he did against the playoffs, but I don't know. I'm sure they're, they're trying to figure out Tatum and Brown, that's the mountain who's out there that's had some success against those guys. Sure. And then they're, you know, they're studying these hundred things. I just don't really understand it from a Hawk's perspective. Like I, because they don't, they don't have their first round pick unless it's like, what is it like top 10 protected. Yeah. I Think Something like that. I think it's the, I think it's so Is this, it's the tank in motion now, Wes Of course.


And I think the tank has been in motion once they decided that like When, when Jalen Johnson got hurt too. Yeah. It's so they really have not been able to function without him for The season. And you know, Hunter's been there for so long, you know, he's been there long enough to get a rookie extension. Like he's, he's not new. So in, in, in a certain sense, like he's a known commodity for them. So I can understand him being like, look, this thing has run its course. Let's get at least something out of this. And we're not the type of team where we're winning so much and he helps as this sort of ancillary part that will, you know, help us out fill in the blanks. Rotation wise it's just like, let's get something for 'em. We're going into get some, But so I just looked it up, they, that that pick's unprotected.


That disperse has Yeah. The one for 2025. So it's not, you can't even call it a tank trade because what are they tanking for to give San Antonio a better pick. Yeah. And by the way that pick I, the deer in Fox thing, the more I think about it unconscionable that Sacramento doesn't get that pick. Mm. Yeah. But they got two picks and they get this flimsy Charlotte pick. Yeah, that's, that really turns into two seconds. Not real. I'm just not trading. You watched the Aaron Fox last night. I'm just not trading 'em unless I get that Atlanta pick. Especially after Jaylyn Johnson goes out. It's like that might be, you know, somewhere between seven and 10. You're giving me that pick. If I'm treating Darren Fox somehow out San Antonio keeps it. But That's a team that they just dug themselves out of the absolute nadir of vibes in Sacramento.


Like it got so weird and so bad for their season and they finally get this momentum with Doug Christie. They finally have some things with their roster sorted out. I don't know that it's realistic to expect the kinks to just sit on a couple months of Deer and Fox pouting, if that's what it would've been. Yeah. And to what end, right? Like I guess yeah, the Hawk's Pick would is definitely valuable. Like I could see it landing, what are they probably like in the 10 range or something like that. Which, you know, of course is a, is a valuable pick. But at the same time when the guy says that he wants to go to San Antonio and San Antonio is clearly positioned to sign the guy outright if and when they need to or have to. And it's like the closer he gets to his free agency, the less valuable he becomes.


I do wonder how much leverage they have in the situation to be like, screw that. You're giving me this. 'cause the Spurs season was going fine. Like they could make the argument that like, look, we don't need to bring Fox in right now. We like the way our young guys are coalescing around Weby, the Chris Paul thing is worked out. Knock on wood, he hasn't even been hurt. And so there's no rush on our end. So they definitely could credibly say we could walk away from the table. But then you see what happened last night and you're like, this is why you get Darren Fox. Yeah. You have this guy who's this really special potentially generational players in year two. We've seen the timetable of some of these guys goes way faster than we expect. Yes. Now you had Fox, so Hunter, it was the 2023 playoffs when he played Boston and he basically put up 17 and six, 37%.


Yeah. But I always felt like, I'm not saying he shut down Tatum or Brown, anything like that, but I always felt like, you know, he, it's the six eight guys that are the guys that you want against those. So from a Cleveland standpoint, I just wonder like what that, if that game changed their mindset at all. But I like, I like the trade for them big picture. So Butler happens yesterday, not quite worthy of an emergency trade, emergency trade pod. Who, Who thought about it? It was worthy until Saturday happened. Mm. I think if without Saturday we definitely treat it as a monumental trade. Jimmy Butler's teaming up with Steph Curry and Draymond, like that whole saga ends.


It's, it's, it's a story. It's a jolt to the Warrior season. It's just after Luca Duch on, we're broken our, The meter is broken as far as, Well Tuesday night when it seemed like Durant might go to the Warriors and it was a three teamer with Butler going to Phoenix and whatever, going to I that was emergency trade war, I was ready for that one. Mm. Yesterday with Butler after he sulked for four months and didn't wanna go to Golden State. And then it was like, well can we frame it as it's a two year extension but it's really a one year extension. 'cause he was already in a contract. Yeah, sure. So he made an extra, I dunno, 60, 61 million bucks, maybe 69 million bucks, whatever it is to basically torpedo this Miami situation.


So That's, I is that worth it? Would you do that for, would you do that for $69 million? Was would you just completely torpedo a situation? So, So probably yes. He would do it for less. So here's the thing, how about $6.9 million? So here's the thing. The sons had agreed in principle to give him two extra years on top of what he already had in the bank. But Was that would be tampering if they did that. Well what do you mean you're not allowed to Do that? All of these reports about tell Golden State no or tell this person to go away or whatever. It's like holding out hope that Phoenix could somehow by some miracle get Bradley Beal out of there so they could bring Jimmy in and actually give him that extra year. Once that became not a possibility, it's like, all right, it's cool, we'll settle for Golden State.


I want to get the hell outta Miami. It's only one year added. My agent's framing it as one 20. It's really like one 11 but whatever, you know, I think he was just really holding out for that extra year that Phoenix had promised him, Can I give you, can I do a performance theater of how the Miami Phoenix trade talks went? We would love it just every couple days. What about Beal For Butler? No, Durant We would do, okay, we'll call you back three days later. Hey Beal, maybe for Butler, this is, this is a progress Durant Take on the Julie Delpy before Sunrise fake phone call The it.


And I think it just went on and on and every time Miami's like, no Durant, we're not taking Bradley Beal. Nobody wants Bradley Beal. And then they're telling Butler, we're not taking Bradley Beal. And Butler's like, well I'm gonna act like a even a bigger dick. Like fine dude, we can, we can just keep doing this. We're not trading you for Bradley Bial. Yeah, Bradley Bial. It's just, it's just like at a certain point, Jimmy, it's worth it to take this to the summer if Bradley Bial who has a no trade clause. Okay. It's not even just like, all right we get Bradley Beal and it's like if something comes up we could use this guy to move or whatever. He's still a good player. He is not worth Right the fifth highest salary in the NBA but he's still somebody who can play, who can help a team.


It's not the end of the world Bradley Bill where he gets to dictate terms to the team that he gets traded to it. It just makes absolutely no sense Without the no trade clause. Is he more tradable to you? He's gone. He's, he's gone. Like I, I think it is the signature hangup of, it's not just like, oh could you trade him to Miami or whatnot? It's, there would be a taker on the market for revenue. 'cause you think like you get him this season, you have him next season. Yes. You can trade him as an expiring. Yeah. But with the no trade you're stuck with him for three or Yes. You can't, You literally can't trade him. Yes. You honestly cannot. I, One of my many hot takes of this two-part trade deadline podcast. I think Bradley Beal's playing kind of well for the sons. Have you watched him lately? Like he's actually playing defense and he's playing hard and seems dedicated.


He's been trying, I just don't wanna pay him $50 million. No, he's still, it's not like he's a disaster. This is not No, he's still somebody who contributes And I would say he could contribute to winning. It's just when you're paying somebody like that, you would hope he's like your on ball guy. Your shot created. I know, but what do we say when they made the trade we were like, this is stupid disaster. This is too much money. Why are you doing this? We said it when Washington gave him the contract in the first place. Disaster. Why are you doing this? This is too much money. Why'd you put the no trade clause in? This was a comedy of errors and now Phoenix. So they made a trade. They did. They finally dumped Nage. Congratulations to them Nage. They used one of those three picks they got from that stupid trade they made with the 2031 first that they gave up that they're gonna regret.


And they got back, what was it? One of the Martins? Yeah. They got back Mices Cody. Yeah. Mics who moves around every year. Yeah. They got back a couple seconds 'cause everyone loves seconds now. Sure. Gotta get those seconds. Get that one in 20 chance. You might have gotten a player. It looks good. The tweet, it looks good in the tweet. Oh What an 18 chance we maybe got a rotation guy. I Have, I have a very bad feeling. We're gonna look at the total math of that, breaking up the one pick into three and it's gonna be three deals that are basically like this. Like basically use the first two dump use of contract to Dump a dumb decision you made To, yeah. To, to try to rebate another bad decision. The other ones, we'll see what happens. Maybe they pull a rabbit out of their hat this summer. Maybe there's even time left for them to figure something out here.


I just, I, I think that was a blunder in itself. The Suns are like somebody who remodeled their whole house and then built like a giant movie theater in the house. And then six months later we're like, why did we do this movie theater? We should have done wait, bring the contractor back. We've gotta change that. Who Was the movie movie theater in this, in this metaphor? That was the nage, the whatever that, that complicated Deandre A and trade where they're like, we don't, we gotta get outta the Chris Paul business. If we turn him and Deandre Aton into Nor Kitchen and Beal and we do all these swaps that kill all of our leverage, we'll be fine. And then six months later they're like, oh fuck, now what do we do? And they're just constantly working on their house and they've just destroyed their house.


Their house has no value left. I mean they paid 10 10 million and put in 10 million for a house. That's that worth 7 million. Mm Is destruction, you know, a ninth seed in the plan or potentially a eighth. Is, is that destruction? Are We sure anymore that that's where they're gonna end up? I think it's, it's striking looking at the rest of the bubble teams, all teams that are making moves right now. The Spur. Let's talk about This. This, yeah. Because this is part of the Butler conversation. Definitely. So if you look at the West, OKC, Memphis, Houston, Denver and the Lakers who we're gonna talk about the Lakers are 29 and 19 And I think Arrow pointing up, I think all five of those teams are in the playoffs. Right? So there's one playoff, non-playing spot left with the Clippers at 29 and 22 looking a little creaky.


Yeah. Minnesota 28 and 23. They've looked creaky the whole time. We have four teams with 25 losses. Dallas, Sacramento, Phoenix, golden State. So now that's 11. And then we have San Antonio at 22 and 26 with some good vibes. There's 12 teams that have a chance. Four of those teams are not gonna make the playoffs. And I, I can stare at that list forever. And it's like what would your, who would your four be? Like who's your number one? Would you have San Antonio as your number one pick for not making the playoffs? I th I think they might be just, just 'cause they're a little further behind Ball Because they're Far behind. I mean too far behind with two games back. Sounds insane. But it's more that there are Too many teams in front of them. Mo back. Yeah. So if they went on like a five game winning streak, they'd be in the ballpark.


Yes. So that would be a, would you agree with that? I would say the Spurs are the first ones out for sure. Okay, so now it gets fun. Who's your number two pick for? Sorry, the West is too loaded. You're not making the Playoffs? I think it might be the Suns. Mm. I Think it is too. I think it might be the Suns And I will say I'd probably go Sacramento but I understand the Suns skeptic skepticism for sure. Yeah. Well can I give you the Fando odds? Oh see this is cheating. Spurs plus three 70 has the highest odds not to make the playoffs. So they agree with us on that. Yeah. Who do they have second And say I've ruined my own draft. I should have looked at this after Sacramento plus two 90.


Yeah. Yeah. Sacramento to me is the, the clear second picture. I feel like that's a little bit of Zach Levine disrespect. You know I, is it, I think the Malik Monk, Zach Levine s bonus thing is gonna be pretty decent. They brought in Jonas Valentino, which is not nothing, they basically Have thrown away the point guard position. But when you watch them, especially in crunch time, it kind of makes sense with Malik like running stuff and it's not that crazy. And then I, when they did the Val trade, I was like, what the fuck is that? That makes no sense to me. You can't play him at the bonus at the same time. And I was like, wait a second. And I started getting like flashbacks to bad Phoebe games and I'm like, oh those guys were teammates. And then you go read it.


And those guys are boys. They've played, they've figured out how to weirdly either play with each other or not and they got 'em for free. Yeah. And they just have all these professional veteran basketball players. I would put Phoenix over them. Phoenix is plus 1 98 on FanDuel to make the playoffs. I think the Phoenix thing like that, the, the stuff you hear like through the grapevine about like the locker room. Shocking Our guy Coach Bud maybe a little Donnie Nelson on the Nixon ish where it's just like not working out at all. You're not gonna be, this was, but it seems like KD might be on another unhappy team. Oh never. There's been no track record. Heard that over the years. Heard Before. That's never happened.


Literally Booker looks just miserable to all times Weird year for him And, and then Beal is getting heckled at home games. So I would have them second and Sacramento third you what do you have? What's your order for the Top three? I would say about the same. I wanna put this out there. Not because I want it to happen but because I fear it could happen if the Dallas Mavericks do not make the playoffs as a son of Dallas. My God, I would like to be able to go home again And I fear that the city would be raised to the fucking ground. Yeah. So Dallas is minus one 10 and Golden State is plus 1 26. And I gotta be honest, I would bet on Golden State to make the playoffs over Dallas. I think this Dallas thing could go bad. We haven't had the three week Kyrie injury.


I don't trust ad's health. The team's weird there, there's big three stuff going on. But clay's in the big three, it's like we're done. That's not a 2020s clay and the big three is out. And also the fan base is so angry. Yeah. And so hostile and the vibes are just so brutal that I could see it tail spinning. I really could. I think the theory that you replace Luca's production or lack of production 'cause he is not on the floor with ad who's like, you know, played at a all star starter level damn near the whole year and you become this defensive jugg. Now I think the theory is sound there specifically in the regular season, if they're just like, you know, a really hard nose, like we grind out games defensively team in the regular season that I don't buy it as a, as a playoff.


Probably they did get the better Martin brother. Yeah. You know they, they won something Martin unfortunately Boston doesn't play in this conference. So I don't know how good Caleb Martin can be. I just think Not what they needed by the way. I just think a motivated Jimmy actually fitting a golden state need. Meaning somebody who can do something off the dribble that isn't Steph Curry and you know, can play defense even though he's not what he used to be at all. He used to be an Ace defender. He is not that, but he's way more than competent and just the motivational factor. I think the F you Jimmy Factor is going to be at a very high level and well, so Draymond super competitive guy. I, I understand why the odds are such Golden State 25 and 24 Dallas 26 and 24.


And my guess is you gotta get to maybe 46 wins to be, it's not just about being one of the six playoff teams, but you wanna be seven or eight. You don't wanna have to win the two road games in a row. I wanna talk about the Jimmy FU Factor. We're gonna take a break for the podcast.


Sometimes in basketball, 30 points could be worth more than 30 points. And Now you can get a 30% profit boost from The Ringer with FanDuel's 30 on 30 during Friday's. NBA action. FanDuel The Ringer teaming up to give you a 30% profit boost when either pick a player to score more than 30 points or bet on our new exclusive 30 on 30 special markets. Like any game, just looking at the Friday slate, I don't know, you could ride the SGA train. He's dropping 50 points left and right. He is playing Toronto. They can't guard anybody. You could do Cade Cunningham against Philly. You could do Giannis against Atlanta. I like that one. There's some good ones. I'll tweet out my pics when we get to Friday. But if you wanna ride those or make them your own, look for 30 on 30 on America's number one Sportsbook FanDuel Sportsbook in their app or head to FanDuel dot com slash bs for your chance to score a bigger payout this Friday. Don't miss your chance to find out how much 30 can be worth with Fanduels. 30 on 30. You must be 21 plus in President select states or 18 plus and President in DC opt-in required bonus issued as non-controllable profit. Boost tokens restrictions apply including any token expiration and max wager amount C terms@sportsbookdofi.com Gim problem called win hundred gambler visit rg help do com


This episode is brought to by the 2025 Lincoln Aviator. SUV. Hmm. The 2025 Lincoln Aviator Nails that feeling And next level confidence. The updated grill and sleek lights Total head Turners under the hood of refined twin Turbo V six powers you through with authority inside Pure Comfort plus three row seating, custom climate control available massage seats keep you ready to tackle whatever's next. Explore more@lincoln.com. Some models, trims and features may not be available or may be subject to change. Check with your local retailer for current information. Lincoln and Aviator are trademarks of Ford or its affiliates.


This episode is brought to you by Paramount plus Ridley Scots return to Ancient Rome and Gladiator two is nothing short. Awesome. And Now you can stream it at home. I'm Paramount. Plus years after death of Maximus, Lucius is forced into the cossum after his home is conquered by a tyrannical twin Roman emperors. With the future of the empire at stake, he must find strength and honor to return the glory of Rome to its people. Gladiator two now streaming on paramount plus.com rated R.


So I, and I've said this before and and And I feel really strongly about it. I actually thought that was a great trade for Golden State. I don't think they gave up really anything. I know they loved Angel Wiggins, but just fundamentally it was a, it was an NBA 2K trade where you're just cheating the system and you're basically just turning Wiggins into Butler. Keeping Minga out of this thing I'm keeping Minga is amazing. The protected pick whatever. No, I, the key to me would be, if you're looking at it going, is Butler still good? Can he still be that guy? Because we didn't see it last year. He, you know, he kept missing games, missed the playoffs. This year was spotty And I think I talked about this part in a PO on a pod, but like five, six weeks ago he had a game in Detroit when he was just awesome.


Yeah. And that was, you can go back, you can watch it on League Pass. That's all you need to see. This was not one of those, oh, Jimmy made some threes and had a good game. Like he was fucking awesome. He was pissed off. I think he was mad at Miami. I think this was his like trade value audition tape and he just ran a mock in this game. And I just think that's what he's gonna do in Golden State. I dunno if it's gonna last two months. I dunno if it's gonna last a year and two months. I think two years from now it could be a catastrophe for them where they're just like, oh my God, we have Draymond and this guy, what the hell? But short term with Curry's window, you gotta do it. Two Couple things that I love about the deal. One, it pays deference to the end of the Steph era.


So Jimmy's deal basically coincides with, you know, Steph Steel two, Jimmy Butler is a maniac. He's going to be extremely motivated and he's an upgrade to what Andrew, you can say whatever you want. He is a clear talent upgrade to Andrew Wiggins. Sort of sometimes here, sometimes there, whatever. And then third, I like that it just clarifies the Domingo stuff. 'cause with these young guys, we see it all the time when they're in these trade rumors. Yeah. For an entire season. It's like, all right, that's now being clarified. You're gonna be here. This is what the team looks like, let's go. I'm really high on this for Golden State.


And Unless Domingo's trade in the next hour, Which he might be, no, but even preserving him to potentially include him in a, in another deal is important. Yeah. And I think the Jimmy Wiggins comp, like Andrew Wiggins has had a perfectly fine season. I don't mean to diminish it, but Jimmy is a totally different level of creator. And most importantly he is a go-to score as we've discussed, but also a point trigger man for a lot of the Steph Curry off ball stuff in a way that Wiggins is just not comfortable doing. And so Now you have another person who can do that in addition to Draymond, in addition to Pems Ski. If you have him in that role. Like you have someone who can actually make some plays for the way Golden State wants to play. Yeah. There's the crunch time piece, but there's also the every four games, he's just gonna be awesome in a game right now, this Warriors team, unless Steph is awesome, oh my gosh, you saw it last night against Utah.


They can just suck for five minutes and all of a sudden blow a game. They've blown a lot of uncharacteristically close games. You know, I'm gonna say this, knocking on what I love, Steph, he's at different point of his career. Yeah. He can still hit the heights, but he can't do it nearly as consistently. He can't put a team on his back. No, It's not 2022. Final step is not no, he's, he's at a different point of his career. He just is. But I still think he could be a really great piece of a good team with Butler. The question for me is that Detroit thing that he did that I saw, is that like a once every two weeks thing? Could he dial that up? Could he carry them because they're gonna kind of need to jump on his back and then when Minga comes back, if they keep 'em and now they have some scoring off the bench.


Yeah. Yeah. They have less guys in the team, which I think was a weird thing for them too. They had like 12, 13 guys that needed to play now that, that they've got the numbers down. But I, I just thought fundamentally it was an awesome trade. I still don't feel great about it as a basketball fan, but I, I just think that's, we just had these moments where, where this guy who's making 52 and then 52 next year, it's not even the final year of his deal. He has a contract next year with the player playoffs that he can opt into and he is just decided, I don't like my situation anymore. I'm gonna torpedo it. Yeah. I really feel like whenever the next CBA comes up, how do they figure out a wrinkle for this? Because if you're like a Miami fan, he's gonna be like, what, what the fuck just happened?


We just turned Jimmy Butler into Andrew Wiggins. I mean, how do you, it's like if you're playing a game of chicken against a guy who's willing to die, like how do you win? Right. Like I, I just don't know. He's he's don Toto in every fast Appearance, not gonna flame Come right at You. He's willing to do it. Yeah. So like how do you win versus that And you know, and again, I I personally wouldn't have carried it the way Jimmy did. The way he's obviously looking at, it's like this is literally his last payday ever. Yeah. In the NBA major payday. And he's looking at it like, I have to do whatever I have to do to make sure I secure that win. And unfortunately it got ugly And I can understand feeling entitled ugly.


It got it Got it was like got disfiguring. Yeah It was, it was bad. It was, It was like vanilla guy and Tom Cruise face level ugly. It was tough to look at and I've been, I've been carrying Jimmy Water just in the sense that he's overachieved, he was an a plus player for Miami for what they did when they got him, what the expectation was of what he actually delivered. And for him to feel like, yo, like why won't you place faith in me that I'm gonna overdeliver again as I've done my entire tenure year. So like him being like, yo, this is a s slap face. Yeah. But that's, that's a tough one to say though when you're just missing games left and right Last year. It's true. That which I think was Miami's problem. It's like, dude, we're not, first of all you're under contract for this year, next year and play more.


But then Ri did the old guy thing That was, that was, which That's what he does though. He did it to LeBron two, two days, days before LeBron left and LeBron took it personally. I kind of love every time he does it, but the question is, do you need an old crazy guy running your basketball franchise because he clearly doesn't, he gives no shits anymore. He does Not. But it's also not a coincidence that like every star leaves Miami kind of feeling like this. Yeah. You know like at by the end Yeah. It's always ugly. There's no peaceful transitions of power Miami, even Hassan Whiteside, he's like I'm fucking, I just wish it ended better. So they also got Gold States first, which is top 10 protected for two years in run then unprotected. I'm not scared. I still have staff during that home run.


Poor Dennis Schroder man, can the guy just find a, just find a house unfortunately remarks about Yeah. That tough Trade culture. Yeah. 'cause last time I checked every professional sport has trades. Oh My God. Yeah. But I, he's kind of stuck in this new rule with the apron. Yeah. Where if you're over 12.8 million, nobody who's over a certain apron can buy you out. I Think it's, if you're over any apron at all, first or second you can't sign Buy at the mid level thought a 12.8 million level too for like certain, so there's like eight teams he just can't even get bought out and go to basically If your contract is just over the non taxpayer full mid-level, which his is like buy a hair.


Yeah. Like just barely then you can't sign over any AP sign with any apron team as a buyout Guy. So one thing I didn't get with Miami, 'cause I actually, there was a world where they just get Wiggins Kyle Anderson and Shroder for Yes. For It feels like they basically just said we don't want, we'd Rather have cap space. But it's telling when a team like the Heat who say what you will about their personality management. Yeah. They're pretty good talent evaluators and they have just decided thanks but no thanks on Dennis Shruder's. I'll just tell you, registers tell you, my dad And I talking last night, Miami just has a slew of guys who killed the Celtics and Dennis Schroder kills the Celtics for some reason Wiggins had a lot of success against them in 22. Kyle Anderson's just weird in general.


And we were like, I hope they don't keep all these dudes. 'cause if we see them in like a two seven series, You really worried about this version of the heat? I'm always worried, worried about Miami. I'm always worried about them. Okay. Never not worried about the heat. So right now the heater three games out of the fourth seed in the east. Yeah. Yeah. And this, this is their new rotation. They got Tyler Hero and Tara Rossier more or less Running Point Scary. Terry Duncan Robinson. They brought in Davion Mitchell from the Raptors. Oh nice. Another guy who I've always kind of liked, wanted to see him on a decent team. Sure. Andrew Wiggins, of course. Haywood Highsmith. Jaime Haquez. Bams been playing the four with Kelle Ware. Nicole Yo where's Been good for like a month. It's been quite Good. Where is very good.


And Kyle Anderson tell me that is not the most Miami heat ass team you've ever heard. It's, it's definitely Kyle Anderson's one of the most Miami Heat guys ever. They're definitely gonna be an annoying team to play against. I just think this version of Boston is just too, oh I'm not worried about them for Boston. Yeah. It's Too much. Okay. That makes, that makes two of you. I don't wanna play Miami. They've fucking pulled Jedi mind trick shit against Boston. They Definitely have a bunch of solid rotation guys. It's just like, who individually are you scared of in a series? Who do you think, what do you think Terry bet on too soon? Come on. He was absorbed. Stop it.


The Segment is sponsored by FanDuel.


The Miami has cap space now they're under the tax. They have a trade exception and maybe they'll do one more thing before, before the 45 minutes from now deadline. I don't know man. The way hero's playing BA's been playing better. Yeah. Where Outta nowhere feels like they have a little bit more of an identity. They have some shooting. We'll see if they can get more from Ger who's been really bad ever since they made that trade. But just as a sneaky, you're down to one in a series against them wondering what happened. I, I still feel like they're on the radar for me. Nobody else in the east is. That's the only team once you get past the four seed. That's the only team I'd be like a little worried about in a series.


Do you have anybody else? I think the Bucks are still interesting enough And I think the magic if they ever get their shit together, are still interesting enough. Yeah. I guess they've got a lot to figure out offensively though. I Guess the Bucks a lot Now that they got Kuzma. 'cause he was red hot. I mean he was playing great this season. Can we be, can we talk about that Coma? Apologies. He was doing great this season. What Does the apology sound like these days? I've never seen plus minuses that could get to like minus 59. He hasn't played on an actual NBA team for five years. This is year five in NBA Siberia. He had his choice. That was his choice. He had options to leave and play for Dallas could played competitive teams for example. Fair. Maybe he was looking out for a better championship situation.


I just think in 2020 on the Lakers he was was the ultimate role Guy. Why was he really doing this? Yes. Was 2020. He was the ultimate role guy again. The the last two good players he played with were Brad bi. And who Is this? Is this Bob Carrington? Rob? Is this happening right now? Listen At this point, A defensive Kyle monologue. Great cutter. Great cutter. Not a great shooter but can make open shots when called upon. Okay. How about terrible shooter? He is shooting like he's not a team like 27% from Previous year. He, I would say his shot quality has been horrible on a team that's going nowhere. He has shown no professional pride whatsoever. This su he's been Actively bad.


I Just think Actively bad Looks. He looks like he is on autopilot. I just think it's different when you play on a team that's actually playing for something. Absolutely. I think he's in the running for worst player of the season. Wow. Like if we were doing LVP, if you've actually watched Wizards games, I think he's one of the worst players I've seen this season. Can he just flip the switch and put it back? I don't know. I mean It's hard to be that inefficient, that passive aggressive and that much just straight chilling all the time. Like it, it's really A rare skill. The Wizards basketball situation is hell. It's bad. It's hard Isn't it that bad? Like they have a bunch of young guys. They have Jordan Pool playing actually pretty well this year. Year been cool. Yeah, I know. Is it that bad? You're a veteran on the team you wanted, you didn't want them to trade you last year.


They're trying to trade you to Dallas. You're like, I wanna be here. So I'll put it this way, like this wouldn't be a problem if what the Bucks weren't giving up is a player who is very important to their team in Chris Middleton who just can't do it at that level that they need him to do anymore. Can't Move. He got bad, he's got two bad ankles. But What they needed was somebody who could do some Chris Middleton adjacent things and Kyle Kuzma is closer to Tor Prince than he is to healthy Chris Middleton. That is a, that a big problem for a Like this. They're Chris Middleton esque guy out there. No, and Not, not in trading Chris in his current form, like that's the, the quandary that the fuck found themselves In Chris Shooter guys has been a non-entity. It's Been an Occasional entity. There was a stretch two weeks ago when he had zero points and two of three games like goose Eggs.


It was a lot of alternate, But somehow he's shooting like 45% from three or some crazy can't Who can play four for these guys next to Giannis or next to Brooke if you need him to. And again, like I think that role played junk junk yard Dog guy, guy still in there. We, they we're recording this One last thing because I think the Cosman thing is gonna work when Team USA was assembled last summer, Kuzma, who's like a outspoken Twitter guy. He's like, yo, these guys are big NBA players and names. But somebody's gonna have to fill a role. Somebody's gonna have to do these dirty work things. And Devin Booker like famously said, I will or whatever quote tweet or whatever this is cool as we explain to you, like I understand what it means to be on a team that's trying to do something meaningful.


It's five years ago Howard was on that team. Look Rashan Rondo was on that team. Covid Covid had just happened. I think, I think Doc as a coach, Joe Biden was alive Is the kind of guy who will curse you out for not doing the right thing in terms of playing your role. Playing next to y other I the other way I gonna matter. I I think Doc's gonna hate Kyle Kuzma. I think he's gonna like it. I Think he's gonna be like, I can't believe we traded for this guy. Why did my scouts Tell me? I think gonna like, And I And I and in three, four weeks when this thing is actually Working. Alright, so we disagree we're you get the tiebreaker vote, It's not gonna go well. Yeah, he's Kyle Kuzma. Wow. Here. Here's the thing. When you approach a trade of this magnitude, and this is a huge trade for the Bucks, they've been waiting to either trade Chris Middleton or Brooke Lopez for the right move that came along.


This is not the right move. I'm going into our YouTube chat. Thanks to everybody who's sending questions. Rap Stallion says, Hey, if it weren't for Kuzma, we might not have the nickname Din shitty. I forgot about that. I forgot about the Kuzma DWI feud. So people wanna know if they can trade Jordan Pool. He's playing pretty well this year. He's also there, I wanna say the elder statesman of their rotation right now. So is, is Jordan Pool a Orlando Magic candidate? I don't think he's an Orlando magic player personally, but you know, Does Orlando know they were allowed to make trades? Well we're gonna soon find out.


I think they, they did the Vukovich trade and they're just like, Mike Trap, no more trades for us. We did It. They probably should be a little bit more desperate. And in terms Of getting some all together, you know, they fall in love with their young guys. So it's not that surprising that they still think, you know, all of these guys are gonna come through in a major way. Jalen Suggs going down, I think is just underrated in how it's really hard Turn that he was their MVP. Who knew I thought it was pa Super important to their team. So With the Milwaukee that Cosma trade, which is really a money trade, they have to waste their first round pick. They took last year AJ Johnson got under the apron. Which raises the question, why did the CBA a suck so much?


Oh, how did the league just turn into just people trying to get under the apron. It's make financial moves, save tax money. How did they, I know it's like, on the one hand you have the NBA, the owners Adam Silver, probably the smartest lawyers on the planet. And then on the other side you have like a couple players, some dude who took the job 'cause they thought it'd be cool to get a picture with LeBron and they just, they get worked every time. It's, but this is disgusting. It's two things. It's two things. It's terrible. So nobody's gonna convince me that this doesn't cost players money. People say, well no, the basketball revenue is guaranteed and teams have to spend two a floor and like wait. But That's, those are literal facts though. Yeah, no, that's cool.


But like teams going beyond, above and beyond. Sure. Sure. What it's called for is more money in the player pool and now teams will just say we don't have that option. I see what you're saying because of these things. And the reason why the players agree to it is that the new CBA kicked in and they two x the money. So when you're making all this money, it's like, why are we going to bat for this? Mm We're richer than we've ever been by two and a half times x. And so that situation conversely let the owners get this and it's literally so that Joe Jacob could forever just be like, you know, he, he his first five, six years just always spending way over the cabin. Yeah. Always going into luxury tax. Now he could go to his fan base without any retribution.


Say, guys, second April doubt. Yeah, My hands are tied. I said My hands are touched. You Know, so what can a guy do? The owner's just literally like, oh God. Okay. See God never gonna have to do this. There's an apron again. Oh my goodness. Don't even, that's the thing. Like ultimately what you're describing is in some way this way, the leak has been for a long time it was just they were mostly trying to dodge ta the tax. Now even if you are above the tax, there are more lines to dodge and harsher penalties. I've never seen it be the number one reason for this many trades before. We've always had like financial implications and stuff. Yeah. But this is different. You have 8, 9, 10 teams that are just like, we're doing this because it gets us under apron one, apron two, apron three. I also think the fans don't wanna take the time to understand it.


They don't care. It's confusing and it turns into this have have not of basketball conversation. And nobody can explain to me what problem it was solving. What was solved by this in terms of selling it. Yeah. Well They, it seems like they were, so I talked about this. We, we talked about this about the Zach Levine thing where it's harder to trade Zach Levine. So Zach Levine. Then it goes, all right, I guess I'll roll my sleeves up and I'm gonna have an awesome season for Chicago. It's not like I can go anywhere. But for every Zach Levine, there's been 10 other ways that this went wrong. And it just seems like there's more player movement, there's more guys getting bought out. There's more roster turnover. We had another trade, by the way, what do we get? The Clippers have traded Terrence Mann a beloved clipper guy forever who always had Thet man game and Bones Highland who couldn't have been more available for bogged down bogdanovich.


Okay. In three second round picks. Now we're talking the quips needed like a, like a heat checky off the bench kind of guy like this. Yeah, I I was really hoping Denver would get Bogdanovich. 'cause he has the, you know, the connection, the Yoic thing. But as you know, Denver's not allowed to, Oh My God, God make trades or spend money. I think they're a zero apron team. Look, I first week of the season, the, the, the straw, the talk, even the Christian Brown stuff, I was like, Zeke Najee. I was like, Zeke Najee made a couple threes the other day And I was like, what the hell is going on? Like, I was just like, guys like I get it. You love your young guys and whatever. Did you say this? Like, you're not talking up Julian str they're in the group chat group.


No, say now I like damn. I'm like damn straw. This is kind of better than I thought he was. So maybe they will be vindicated. But you're right Bill. I would've loved to see them do something like a bogey thing. Yeah. I was excited when they were in the Zach Levine sweepstakes. Allegedly. Like, I, I was happy That they had, this happened in Celtics five years ago where they either have giant contracts or small contracts that no in between and you can't get the 16 to $20 million guy. 'cause you, you literally can't put the contracts together. Yep. Bog and the Clippers, I mean love the pickup for them it is a buy low thing and we need to acknowledge that Bogey is having the worst season of maybe his entire professional life, including pre NBA just has not had it in the way It's been an underrated oly post Olympics slowdown guy, Almost everybody.


Yeah. Went to the Olympics has been a little slow, a little step slow this season. It's been a thing for sure. So I would love to see him recapture some parts of his game surrounding him with high, like, high leverage defensive personnel with the Clippers. That's a team that is so desperate for shot making depending on what's going on with Harden, how he's being pressured that night where Kawai is in terms of his health on a day-to-day basis. They need what Banovich can provide. And so why, if this is the cost, absolutely. Why not? Can I read you his stats? I'm a little, I'm a little worried to even hear them. 10 points a game. Yeah. The the the shooting percentages are bad. Well you know how normally 50, 40, 90 is the standard for percentages. He's a 37, 30, 88 guy. Not what you want.


7.6 p It's like nearing brownie James level of, oh God. Sorry Wes, but last year, 17 a game. Yeah. And I feel okay being a him. The apologist not a kind. Yeah. I I always feel with him like, first of all, Elena could not have been more of a wrong team for him. Mm. I don't know if Trey Young is the, the catalyst for him. I wanna see him on a team that's like, you're coming in, you are gonna play eight minutes, we're gonna run plays for you. Yeah. We're gonna run you off picks Ultimate green Light. Go nuts. Do your thing. And then for the Hawks, Terrence Mann another, another long swing guy. Yeah. There's some Clipper fans of my life who are like, when are they gonna unleash this guy?


Never really happened. Never off the ground. Bones. Bones. What about him? He Is a, a player in the NBA. That's for sure. He's a player that made a lot since 30 years ago. Back when I was just, again, applauding everything. The nuggets Did I, I just swore Bones was gonna be a he was the truth a Person. But then he failed an IQ test. He wasn't happy playing with Nicole ish. No. Yeah. Which is like the number one IQ test. He was complaining that he wasn't getting enough tick on a team that like Yeah. That had ish He thought he was better than Jamal Murray. Yeah. Tough. And now he's about to be on his 13. Yep. Almost borderline. We could replace Deanne waiters and the re watchable with the bone tile heat check. It's almost like a personality heat check.


All right, so Atlanta, They're really gutting this thing. I guess, you know, it makes sense in the way that the future of their team is more Jalen Johnson, Zachary Resche oriented. Right. Like Resche. I, I think, I think there's something there that works. Do you have to do all of this housekeeping right now? I, I don't exactly know why it would need to happen right now. Yeah. I I, I get the, I guess the idea that they're not keeping their pick. It's like why are you losing and giving them a better pick? It's like that's gone. It's out the door. Like we gotta do there. I've This. Yeah. It's like we already lost the pick. What do we care if it's four 12 fifteen's? I would personally care. Mm.


I would would be like, oh my God. The spite piece. You gotta stick it to Them. Well we've seen this happen in the past. Like I remember the Clippers that one year when they, they traded their number one to get rid of Baron Davis' contract. Yeah. We're just going to eat it. And then it turned into Kyrie Irving. Like you just never know. So I just wouldn't wanna, wouldn't wanna find out speaking of teams that we don't know what the hell they're doing. Toronto traded for Brandon Ingram. What is this? I had a, I did the, I did a tweet where I did the power rankings of teams that I don't know what you're doing And I didn't put Toronto in the top five because I haven't known what they're doing for like over a year. They just, every year trade their pick. They get a guy who's kind of likable.


He doesn't seem to make sense with any of the other players they have. And I have no idea why you would trade Bruce Brown, Kelly O Linac and a pretty mediocre first. That's Indiana's pick. Yeah. For to then pay Brandon Ingram when you're already overpaying Scotty Barnes, you're overpaying quickly. RJ Barrett's making a shit load. I just don't understand their team. I, it's tough. I remember when Messiah was, you know, he was like a GM free agent and it was like, is he going to New York? Is he gonna this Right? Could he save the knick? And you know, there was rumors that he got equity in the Raptors and all of this stuff and like to use all of that cache and literal equity and goodwill to do this with the Raptors since he resigned with them.


It's just so rudderless and directionless. And I get it. Brandon Ingram's a good player. I understand why you would want him on a team, but like what is the idea or the theory of the Raptors? It's Like I genuinely don't like they're a team that wants to play a very loose, freewheeling like democratic style. That's not Brandon ing. That is not how Brandon Inger plays basketball. If you did want a big forward to put next to Scotty Barnes, why did you trade the better one in Pascal aka. And like the AKA comparison is inevitable because they're giving up that Indiana pick. They're giving up Bruce Brown, they're giving up Kelly Lin who I wanna say was involved like tangentially in that deal in a follow up with Utah. And so Now you traded Pascal aka for a an expiring brand.


Ingram. OSHA Iji was in that deal. Who was, oh, Jacob the pick that became Jacoby Walter, that's your Pascal Yoakum Hall. Why didn't you just keep Pascal Yoakum if that's where you were gonna end up? And Brandon Ingram's been available since June. Like back in the days when we had video stores, then you would just stroll by the new release section. You'd be like, huh, domestic disturbance with John Travolta and Vince Vaughn. I don't think so. And then you'd walk around for 15 more minutes and then you'd pick up the, the VHS tape again. Ah, Travolta and Vince Vaughn. And then you'd stroll around again like that Sprint and Ingram people were just strolling by the new release aisle for him for nine months.


So here's the justification. It's like, you know, Brandon Ingram is gonna feel a way about New Orleans not paying him. 'cause he feels like he's accomplished stuff there. And there's like a, Oh yeah, there been so much stuff. There's a sort of entitlement there. But then, you know, you go a whole year and a half basically where nobody wants you. I think he comes into that contract negotiation with the Raptors with a little bit more humility. I'm sure that's probably what they're banking on, where he doesn't think he's a five year maximum contract player. Oh yeah. I think he'll, it'll probably be a shorter term. How could you term deal? I would think it'd Probably be like a three year. But are you telling like, I'm just seeing a future where they pay him upwards of $40 million a season and to do what he is a dynamic Duo.


Him and Scotty Barnes, He doesn't fit with Barnes. He's hurt all the time. Him and rj, they, they occupy the same area of the court. Like he has a, I'm already Frustrated. He has a top five body of like, oh man, you're gonna get hurt just when you see him in person. He's like, he's so skinny. Does his space? No. Which The Raptors need to, He will occasionally talk himself into taking spot up threes but Ally occasionally, Occasionally. Here's the red flag for me. Beyond all the other red flags. So you had Golden State who was definitely strolling around that new release video store over and over again. Steve Kerr, who coached Brandon Ingram on one of those Fiba teams. No shot. And by the end, Brandon Ingram's, like, he's sick. He can't play in the last two games 'cause he was just outta the rotation and Golden State who desperately needed anything.


And this was like the layup trade of all time give up nothing for Brandon Ingram. And they were like, we're good. We're not doing that. Then Miami, they're sitting there too. Hey, we can turn whatever maybe. We'll, and Miami's like, we're also good. And then you have Toronto who's like, we don't think we can get free agents ever. So this is how we get free agents and then they talk themselves into it. I don't like it. I don't like it at all. The talent doesn't fit at all. But you know, again, another lanky rangey guy who they love, but he's never been, he's never used his tools for good. It's fake size. Yeah. And he doesn't garge never. And like Ever. And he is a, he's ball stop operate too. He absolutely is ball stopper. He's A ball stop. Would there be a worse team to be like the fifth guy Than this one?


Meaning You never get the ball passed to You. It's like, you're like the, you're the like aji. You're like, fuck. Oh my God, I'm just gonna be in the corner over here guys. Aji seems like he has a good head on his shoulders. He seems well adjusted. He's Having a good year. I was wondering if he was like a, like a sneaky traded my piece. It's a Uncle Frisky Lately. Especially on D Like they've guarded really well. Well their fans are frisky, they're, they're like, oh he is taking everything personally. I mean they did win the title in 2000. They Lot take personally, you know, there's reasons to boot the national anthem right now. True. Right. 2019 they won the title and since then Ma Messiah's just been on a heater. It's a little, he's like, it's like when Obama finished the presidency, he is like, I'm opening a production company and I'm playing golf.


Shout Out Messiah's. Like I'm gonna trade for Brandon Ingram. Shout out to our colleague Danny Chow who flagged this is now four consecutive trade deadlines where the Raptors have traded a first for a guy who's about to be a free agent four years. 'cause they feel like they can't sign a free agent. I, I guess did Danny Chow like this trade? I, I can't imagine doubt fool. I can't imagine Dan. I'm gonna say Brandon Ingram is not a Danny Chow type of player. Doesn't strike me as one. And then the New Orleans side of that trade, just quickly. So they're down to as assets. Trey Murphy the best player on the team who I think is their only untouchable. He's been really good. Zion Williamson Wild Card could get traded next half hour. CJ McCollum always in trade.


Rumors. Herb Jones Hawkins, Missy Alvarado and Deonte Murray who will not be playing for at least a year. Horn Achilles. That's brutal. And their first round picks are fine but not they're whatever. Yeah they used to have like, oh look at all those first round picks. They've kind of taken all of them. But you go back to that ad trade Dude, I go back to 2019 all the time. Well This, but look at all the people in this trade. Deandre Hunter, Brandon Ingram, Lonzo Ball, who I think was way more of an asset back then. You know, he got hurt. Josh Hart, Mo Wagner, I forgot Mo Wagner was There 22 first, which became Dyson Daniels.


The 23 swapped didn't apply. And then the 25 first pick. It was a lot. When you look back at like they did get a lot of players. Dude, Lonzo, Josh, Josh. Because none of those guys are on the team. Yes. That's the thing. None of them, I just, And I, I've said this a couple of times, I, I remember it being at Summer League in 2019 after they traded ad draft Zion who looks like he's gonna be the next LeBron James. Yeah. And I remember seeing Griff at Summer league and it was a aura emanating from him. Everybody wanted to bend this guy's ear. Like, my God, gr he's done It. He got Zion and a million picks. They're, they're on their way. They got all these picks and their young guys are cost control and blah and this and there's so much versatility and oh my New Orleans is it and what's come of this ad trade one Frisky first round Series Aton of aton of assets that look awesome on paper but no longer play it in The team.


Yeah. It didn't quite work out. And the Lonza thing was the thing that I think hurt them the most. 'cause I actually really think Lonzo and we're seeing it like we're seeing this diminished version in home of Chicago's still like a really added Square still. And he just got an extension two years, $20 million, which is nice. Nice little turnaround for him. Yeah. But I, going forward, I don't know what this team is, I don't know how long they're gonna be in New Orleans. I don't know how long Zion's gonna be in the team. I don't know what the plan would be going forward with this roster. And the Murray trade is catastrophic. I would've traded him Marty. Same. But the, I don't think it's ever happening in New Orleans. So you just have to accept that it's like, like we all said, how Jimmy Butler for Wiggins is a trade that makes no sense on paper. But if you're Miami, you don't have Jimmy Butler anymore.


You have the ghost. Yeah. You have zombie Jimmy Butler who's not an asset. Yeah. So Now you turn him into a guy who can play defense and rebound and hit some threes. I Think that's where you get into really tough places when You don't actually have the ideal version of the player anymore. And the Pelicans have not had the ideal version of Brandon Ingram for quite some time. Mostly because of injury. Yeah. But they held onto him too long in the same way that the Raptors held on to see how come too long. Like you can see this chain of events of some of these teams that are feeling pinched where they don't move their guys when they need to move them. And then the, the, the perils of the max contract era is that when you have your own guy and he's clearly one of your best players, there's a pressure to pay him a max deal. Which he'll be in the same pay grade as guys that are just clearly much better bonafide all stars in Ingram and even aka like these are high quality players, are they max players?


But the way the system is set up, like you have to pay these guys in accordance to this freaking pay scale. Yeah. Well think about this. We knew somebody was gonna suck in the West heading into this season. We're like, there's just too many good teams. There's too much talent. Who is gonna be the outta nowhere? This team sucks. Team New Orleans has played 15 games in one 12 I, that would not have been on my bingo card. No. Like they have so much talent. We thought they were like, you Can feel something stinky maybe with them the way they're hitting the Trey Murphy thing. Zion, you never know. But this is 12 wins is nuts. We thought they were clearly gonna be above playing range. Like they'd be in the six, maybe even five. There Was like 45 and a half.


Yeah. So we were, it is lower now. Like at his idiots on New Orleans coming into this year, We are gonna take a break for the podcast.


This episode is brought to you by LinkedIn in basketball, a blockbuster trade can make or break your playoff run before the deadline. GMs across the leagues scour for the right data and insights hope in their moves. Pay off February 6th trade deadline this year by the way, just like in basketball, growing your small business in 2025 all comes down to how well you can build your team. That starts with better insights from LinkedIn with unique skills and interests to the connections you have in common. LinkedIn has the strongest hiring data and insights to help you identify the right professionals so you can make the best hiring decisions. LinkedIn pairs you with the high quality candidates you need to make your business grow and flourish. LinkedIn also lets you go beyond candidates who are actively applying in a given week. 171 million LinkedIn members aren't actively seeking jobs, but they are open to new opportunities Who isn't? That's a big pool of people you don't wanna miss out on. And who knows, one of them could be your next all Star player. So hire smarter in the new year. Find your next great hire on LinkedIn. Post your job for free at LinkedIn dot com slash simmons. Once again LinkedIn dot com slash Simmons to post your job for free. Terms and conditions apply.


This episode is brought to you by Rocket Money. You sign up for something, forget about after the trial period ends, then you're charged month after month after month. The subscriptions are there but you're not using them. In fact, I just learned that 85% of people have at least one paid subscription going unused each month. Thanks to Rocket Money. You can see all your subscriptions in one place. Cancel the ones you're not using anymore. Now you're saving money. Rocket Money is a personal finance app that helps find and cancel your unwanted subscriptions. You have so many of these monitors your spending and helps lower your bills so you can grow your savings. See all of your subscriptions in one place. Know exactly where your money is going. For ones you don't want anymore. Rocket Money can help you cancel them. Rocket Money. Over five million users, they've saved a total of 500 million in canceled subscriptions. Saving members up to $740 a year. And using all the apps premium features, cancel your unwanted subscriptions, reach your financial goals faster with Rocket Money. Go to Rocket Money dot com slash bill today. That's Rocket Money dot com slash bill.


This episode is brought to you by Pepcid Complete. We all know that one of the best parts of game day is the food on Sundays Nephew, Kyle comes over. Sometimes we'll get healthy, we'll get some salads. Sometimes we'll get a little ambitious. We'll get some sandwiches. It's always the best part of my food week. Well, until heartburn strikes then it's not as great. You get heartburn from time to time. Gotta watch out. You don't wanna be rolling around in bed all night. Thankfully Pepcid Complete starts to work instantly. It lasts all day. Just one great tasting chewable tablet provides dual action heartburn relief with an an acid that starts working instantly and an acid reducer that lasts all day. So you can stay focused on that second sandwich. That second. Second helping a salad not Harper. Visit pepd.com to shop now all day based on eight hour symptom relief Studies during the day Use product only as directed.


So Phoenix going forward, the Durant piece of the Butler trade, which we did not discuss, What did you think of him being like, I'm shutting this down. I don't wanna go to Golden State. If you trade for me, I'm going to be unhappy because that's confirmed. I heard all the same stuff everybody else had. It seemed like on Tuesday that was gonna be a three-way trade. And I think it was really close and it basically came down to are we sure KD is on board with this? Yeah. And the feedback was he's not, he doesn't wanna go back. So Rob, why you're in the bay, why didn't you wanna go back? What Was it? I, I can't imagine a single reason why he might not wanna run back that experience again.


It's probably a Draymond thing. Probably. I could imagine that being a potential holdup. Yeah, I mean Steve Kerr piece, the Draymond piece, the, this will be bad for my legacy if No, I think him coming back to the Bay, if there ever was like a full circle moment for that, it would require Kevin Durant to have a dramatic re-imagining of who he is as a player and a person and the way he fits into the basketball universe. And I, I give Kevin Durant credit for this in a way. Like he has a very firm and fixed understanding of who he is. Yeah. And it is not the guy who needs to go crawling back to the Warriors to win again. And that leads you to some places like Phoenix with this particular roster sometimes. But I just, I it didn't really fit with the KD that we know that he would wanna do something like that And it doesn't fit.


'cause it would've made sense basketball wise, which is just generally not what KD does. He doesn't do the basketball thing except for Golden State. Like that's been the only time that he put the thing on the floor first and he didn't really care for the results in terms of his own personal happiness as he said previously. I think I went back and looked at his 2019 game log splits. 'cause he was really good to start the year. And then after the dream on thing, I forgot like, oh yeah, he was like 21 a game, 33% from three. And then in the playoffs he ran back up and he was awesome. But it was damaging for months. Yeah. And I just, you know, that's what's so funny when you see these stuff now, these podcasts or these guys do these fake things together and it's like Dream Hunt and Katie No, no, we're good.


It's like there's no way they're good. No. Like Katie's never forgiving whatever happened. Whatever was said. No. And There's that piece, there's probably a Steve Cur piece, but from a basketball standpoint, if I was him, I would've rather been on Golden State. I just, just like, it's a no brainer. I don't wanna be in this Phoenix team and it's like this crazy owner no pitch. It's, it's almost, you fit the thing like a glove. Like obviously K'S good enough to do all the ball movement stuff, but that's not what Golden State would be asking them to do. Yeah. They'd be asking them to be kd. Yep. Again, just get the ball and cook people and staff and everybody else will work around it. But again, I can understand not wanting to go back and do the same thing and wanting to maybe if Phoenix isn't what you ultimately end up doing in terms of signing an extension with exploring some different option.


Sure. That makes you, you know, a lot happier. And I think Phoenix's whole thing has always been with like trading all these picks and this and the future's done. Like if we want to, we'll do a fire sale with KD and Booker, try to get a bunch of picks back and just move on with our lives. That's what it feels like. The Phoenix thing is, It felt like this could have been the first time in Kevin Durant's life where he didn't really get to pick and maybe he just would've gotten moved somewhere. But then when he was so vocal and made it so clear he didn't wanna play for Golden State. I I think it changed the math a little bit. Ultimately, I think the only way it would've worked for Katie as a warrior again is if it was also a more elaborate LeBron going to Golden State thing. Mm. They would probably have to happen over some Old where it's, and even it's, it's not honestly just put a bullet in my head.


I just, I just wouldn't be able to handle it. Well I think you're, I think you're probably bailed out on that just because the Timelines the last thing the league needs. Let's talk about these old guys some more. Can we bring in conspiracy bill for a second? Let's do it. I thought he was already in the room with us. No, he, we bring him in. Okay. He's i'll. I'll put a, I'll put a hoodie there. Conspiracy bill is here. Are we sure there's that lingering bid bitterness with KD for the Achilles injury and maybe how that was handled by the team. In which direction? Like him towards the, toward Golden State. Yeah. People don't remember this bill. That's why you're Bill Simmons. I'm not Bill Simmons. I'm conspiracy bill. Conspiracy bill guy conspiracy bill is here. But That's why I'm just asking. I have no inside information.


Please don't aggregate this. I just always thought it was a little weird. He hurt his calf, came back and blew out his Achilles. Yeah. People don't remember. And I was like, at the time there was a bit of a whisper campaign. Yep. Of what's up with kd? What's taking him so long? Yeah. You should be back already. Like he looks good when we see him in practice, when we see him in the gym, blah, blah Blah. He's gonna be a free agent. He doesn't wanna risk it. And, And it, it was a whisper campaign and he came back and then tore his freaking Achilles and Bob my is crying at the news conference and all of that. And I always thought that was like, man, damn we did kind of all right. Say he was, you know, loafing and taking too long. Another great appearance from Conspiracy bill. That was that's a great what a cameo by him might Say something to it.


I wonder what the people think on the chat. I'm gonna look in the chat for this. Oh man, that really got the chat going, but people want a 90 minute conspiracy bill, so maybe I just put out the hood every time. There go. I'm sure you've gotten a few of the conspiracies with the Luca situation. That one. No, it's outta Control. We're saving all Luca Laker stuff for part two. Okay. Okay. We're still, we're on trade deadline watch. We have Cody Zeer in Houston's 2028 second round pick going to Cody Zeller the Rockets so Atlanta can get under the luxury tax. Okay. Oh, sources tell free p free sports that Dennis Schroder will end up with the pistons.


Mm. Love. That's part of the massive Jimmy Butler deal. Love that. Yeah, if I'm the Pistons, I'm just getting a little frisky. Yeah. Could I get to succeed? I have an awesome player. I have a team that is like tough and likes playing with each other and like gets, gets a little agro in some of these games. They not afraid to get chippy with guys. I have the scariest guy in the league and beef stew. Mm, why not? They also ended up with, who did they get in the Butler deal? I wanna say it was Lindy, Lindy Waters and Josh Richardson I wanna say ended up with, yeah, Josh Richardson. Maybe, maybe not. Players have been imported for them all. Lindy Waters. I could see actually giving them some minutes and some stretch at times. I could see him giving them some. Oh, Here's a fun one in the Bogdan Bogdanovich trade. The Clipper's got three second round picks back, including their own pick.


We love a paper turn. We're trading so many second round picks. Teams are now reacquiring their own picks. You don don't, you Don't love any pick like your own pick. We finally got it back. They should do the welcome home jumbo jumbotron thing For the, Do you think we should have third round picks? Should we have third round picks? Who are we drafting in the third round? I don't know. Like they, these teams love trading these picks. Then they could just put like acquired more stuff to trade. Four third round picks and a second round pick. It's more bites at the Apple bill. What else? So what if we say the Lakers things for part two? Yeah, sure. What else jump from the trade deadline for you? I mean the Fox thing I think was, was cool in a couple of ways because a lot of people felt like the Spurs should hold out for a better superstar.


But, And I said this on our podcast, it's almost like your friend who like is addicted to Tinder and is like a nice girl who wants him and wants to settle with him. But he's like, yeah, but I got these five other hot chicks on Tinder that might wanna mess with me. It's like, no, get with the girl that's like a nice girl, good looking girl wants to be with you. Settle up with that one spur. Do you think The was 10 years ago would've made this take? You know, of course not. No. This is personal development. Of course not. Course not. Of course. Very mature version of wise. I think Spur You're very up today. You got, you got Cardigan On the Spurs knocking in on not just the Aaron Fox as a talent, but like temperamentally, he's a Spurs kind of player in terms of his head space. How his approach to the game.


His, you know, he's not like, he's just not an NBA diva. He's, he's about the right things. And I thought they were smart to just be like, you know what, it's not gonna cost us a ton to bring this guy in. Yes. Some people might look at the extension like all you're gonna pay him $48 million. I could, I think he's a top 30 guy. Yeah, I'm okay With it. To me, I'm looking Also who he wanted to be in a small market Texas team, which is pretty rare. Yeah. Go get him. And I'm happy they did that. I, I thought it was like, the more I stared at it, it was like 62 cents on the dollar for what they paid. I can't believe Sohan or Vaal were not in the trade. And I don't know what the Bulls, the more I stared at the Bulls part of it, their Part of it is the most confus.


Every time they make a trade, you're always like, wait, what are they getting? And it just seems like now it's like, cool. We get Zach Collins for two years and like I I just don't get them at all. Another team that just like held onto Zach Levine for too long waiting for the perfect deal to materialize and it never did. And the Do we know that better deals were Yes. Available earlier than this? Better than this? Yes. Yeah. I think Golden State was trying to get him before they went down the Butler road, but IIII think that was sitting there. I thought he was the sneaky trade piece of this whole thing. His contract's bad, but it's not that bad. It's this year, next year and then it's an expiring, he was playing great. I think I'd said this before, but he, he plays well against good teams, which I think matters.


And I don't know what to make of that Sacramento team. We talked about it earlier, but I just, you could tell me they're gonna win 10 of their next 12. You could tell me they're gonna lose 12 in a row. I don't, it's it's a weird team. I mean their owner just doesn't like the idea of a complete tear down and rebuild. And so other people might have been like, look, Fox has been our franchise player for how long. We built everything around him. We moved Halliburton outta here because of him and our belief in him. And he no longer wants to be here. All right, let's start all over, right. See if we can get some s bonus offers out there. Let's, let's start all over. Do something different. Wa They've made the playoffs one time in 20 years.


I get it, I Get it. 20 years. I get it. I get it. It Like, that's the thing. It's like in theory sure from an asset standpoint, maybe there's an argument for a tear down. So bonus has been probably a little too good as, as at least as a regular season player for that. And Some bonus like who trades for some. I feel like he's way more valuable to them than he would be to some other Team. That could be true. That could be true. A wise GM told me once you always wanna have six or seven dumb teams that you can trade with at any time in a 30 team league. Sacramento is just always managed to be one of those teams. This has Been a big deadline for potentially dumb teams. I always think, I know we're not dipping too much into the Lakers part of this yet, but the Luca trait has made me feel young again.


It is, it is hearkening back to a time of our youth where there just haven't been like that many old fashioned absolute dog shit. Like David Conn style trades. I was literally about to scream it Bill. That's fucking lifestyle. That's what it Most con's. Running a team in France right now. We have 12 minutes left in the deadline. And so far it's, we're in Cody Zo or Dennis Derland. Is there a team that you are surprised hasn't done anything yet? Definitely the magic most surprised 'cause they're so rudderless right now. And the idea that you wouldn't try to spruce that thing up is tough. I think the Knicks are really counting on Mitchell Robinson coming back and being that anchor.


It's a Big role. The dice really need him, but the the big man market is also dried up pretty fast on them. Well, Okay, so a buck but Be Axton and Cam Johnson still sitting there. They're sitting there. Don't the nets, are they trying to stink or dancing? C Capella. Why is C Capella? Why, why Are you gonna scoop clink Capella? Is this an injury history Thing? I think, well it's a, he's currently injured. I wanna say I think It's, it's a Swiss thing. Yeah, magic should have probably tried to do something. I I get it. They can be patient, their guys are still young and, and all of that stuff and they feel like they're building towards something. But the magic should have done something. I'm always gonna think the Denver Nuggets should have up upgraded. So that is Denver's my number one. Mm I don't know what apron Denver's in, but they seem perfectly content to stay in that apron and not do anything.


I was even wondering like when Middleton got moved to Washington, would they try to make a move with Porter and use that Middleton contract? Get one other p try to do like a, a three for one, something like that and maybe jump on the chance to dump Porter somewhere. But Porter's actually been playing pretty well lately. They're playing well and Michael Mullen was like quite definitive. Yeah, so they're not gonna trade Michael Porter. So it seems like he's there. Murray, they're already all in on Yoka job, see to go anywhere. Gordon, they extended and they just don't really have the flexibility. But if they do like the Zeke Noe with Sarge some swaps second, third, and fourth round picks and just, I don't know, could you get, what could you get for that?


They're, they are actually close. Like they, they feel like one even kind of minor role player edition could tick them up a couple percentage points in the title race. Yeah. Yeah, I think so. And also ano just related to that. Especially in the West. Yeah. Why has nobody made a move for Jeremy Grant? I know the Bucks were kicking the tires Because they have League Pass. We're getting the tires on him Makes because he makes 35 billion a year or whatever. 32. He's, and he's already 30. But I just, I think he's untradeable at that number. It's one of those things where guys on bad teams, I feel like you get in the right situation that's actually playing for something. You can change the contours of what you do on a night to night basis if, if it's for some greater good.


Couple YouTube chat questions as we wait for a trade. Daniel wants to know if we can discuss Butler's Jersey retirement in Miami and whether that would happen As who's retired over there? I'm already on the record. Michael Jordan after Vince Carter's number got retired in New Jersey and Toronto. I think everyone is eligible now. Yeah. Especially Vince in Toronto. If that can happen, I'm fully prepared for Jimmy Butler in Miami. I think that should happen. But we'll see. It'll probably after Pat Rowley's dead, maybe like 15 years from now, Probably. He's definitely one of the greatest heat ever. Russell Martin says Sacramento turning into the Bulls is so sad.


This is disrespectful to Demon the bonus. It's not I want it's not, they're they're better. They're Better than the Bulls. They're they're better than the, they're the bulls with Damon the bonus. Yeah. That's a, That's a meaningful Difference. Bull. You know, that's a different thing. Bull basically had, what was it, 30 games in Lonzo's first year. But what a beautiful what a beautiful 23 games. They were in Sacramento. Capella's not injured That good. Capella's not, I don't know like if you need big man help. Well he's been, he might be day to day. It might be a minor. If you need Big man help, why are you breaking the bank? To me? And I know we're saving it for the second half, for Mark Williams. Save it for the second half where You could do something for Clint Capella just for this year, A couple people are asking about kd.


Katie to the Spurs. Katie to the Grizzlies. Katie to the Rockets. Katie to the Grizzlies is What's the most, most interesting of those three. Katie to the Grizzlies is a kad move because they have the stars already, so he won't feel like the burden is Oh. Oh. I was wondering how you gonna make this insulting for a second. Yeah. The burden. I thought you were like, I thought you were complimenting him And I was like, I was confused. No, he's gonna recognize the burden will not be all on him. Mm. And so he can go in and just do KD things just come in. Plus he can Over the offense in the two out of every five games when Ja doesn't play for some reason. It also is John not playing today? Now he's got bronchitis.


Listen, It also would be very bittersweet. Josh's just trying to save himself for the playoffs. Does J play four games in a row? I don't, I'm concerned. Don't think so yet. But he's, they're being very cautious. Cautious. Should I be surprised when I put the Grizzlies on League Pass and it's like, here's John Moran, he is playing tonight. He's like, him and Joel Embiid are the, I can't, I'm can't believe you're on my tv. Perfect Compliment. I could play the Grizzlies And I get it. I'm in the tank for them. Yeah. Even when J's not playing, I still wanna watch that team. Yeah. The Jaron Jackson Jr. Agenda Is strong. Yeah. I, my biggest regret is not voting for him as an Allstar starter for Jerry. I didn't have the balls. I wasn't strong enough. And then SSC of course did it and then I was super jealous of it because when you watch him, they like, there's definitely an agro Jaron Jackson this year.


Oh he's amazing. Especially in corn time. And they're like, they'll run offense like ba out a bio style like he'll Yep. He'll bring the ball over mid court and like Yeah. Be telling people where to go drive At people too. That would be the, the kick of the potential Kevin Durant trade would be that the Grizzlies have spent all this time cultivating this very elaborate, interwoven offense and it's like, let's just get the ball to Kevin Durant. So If the rockets traded, I'm trying to think what, what the KD trade would be, but I think Van Vet would have to be in it probably so because they can't trade. But if it was like, damn, who's Playing point guard For them, if it was like Van Vet Terry Easton a bunch of picks and Phoenix just gets a reboot and then they get out from under, you know, the money stuff next year.


I just, I wouldn't do I, I'm not wavering from my, I wouldn't do anything if I'm the Rockets this year because I don't think they're winning the title. And I wanna, I wanna move into the summer and make a move with Jalen Green or Shang potentially Also, if you're gonna do that, man, get somebody who's in their twenties. Even if it's their late twenties, get somebody in there. Don't get a 38-year-old man. Come on. You're adding years to him. He's like 36, 35 Mahoney. Where do you stand on KD right now? As a impact guy really? He's, he's really good because his stats Oh His stats are insane. Yeah. To see, I was actually looking at this. I did a little, I actually did some homework for this pod because it's my job. I was looking at K this year versus KD career.


So his last 15 years from 2010 to this year, he is 28 a game this year. He is 27. He was seven rebounds for those 15 years. He is six this year. He's five assist. He's four this year for those 15 years. 51%. He is 52 this year. 39% for three 40 this year. 7.6 free throw attempts for those 15 years. 6.1 this year. Yep. He's 91% of what he normally is. And the only slippage I really see is when I watch because he just looks a little creakier stiffer than he used to be. Sure. He used to be like such a smooth, one of the smooth players in the league moves. He's so smooth.


He is not, he's still smooth but he is not like that. Is there anything else you've noticed? I mean he is by far their most reliable creator this year. He's the only reason their defense has ever remotely worked, which it mostly does not. Yeah. But he's the only thing kind of papering over most of their mistakes and the like lack of ball pressure on the perimeter. He's, there's a reason why when he's out they look like a totally different team. They just, they don't know how to work without him in Phoenix. Only Thing he doesn't do anymore is turn the corner on guys. Yeah. He's not, he's not getting to the way like Prime kd. Like that was what made it unstoppable. He but he Still gets those you but, but he spots and he can, he gets the spot. Can we have a trade Sir Shams yet again? Shams just dancing in woes wake.


He's having a great time. The Grizzlies trading Marcus Smart and a 25 first round pick to the Wizards in a multi-team trade that sends a couple second round picks to Memphis. Memphis creates roster flexibility and cap stuff with the move. We also have Sha saying Kevin Porter Jr. To the Bucks for Mjja Bechamp. Mm. I've gone to a couple Kevin Porter games where you watch and you're like, this guy's pretty good. No, he, and then you have to calm yourself down. He has no, he gets to the basket man. He has Moments where he looks like an above average NBA athlete. Like where it's like, man, this guy has some physical like gifts in terms of quickness and all of that. But he's, can we, Can we talk about the smart thing though?


Yeah. The Trade Smart two first round picks that they trade two first round picks to basically Pingus for Smart is the trade right. And smart shows up and he is been banged up the entire time. Which I think is, I tried to say this delicately when the trade happened, I think the Celtics felt like this car has a lot of miles on it. Sure. Let's sell a year or two high then a year or two late. And I wonder is 'cause he's an expiring this year or next year. Can't Remember. Let's find out. But he still feels like a playoff guy for me. And I remember the Lakers tried to get him a year ago And I wonder if that ends, if that ends up being a Laker possibility would be my guess.


Hmm. I'll find out as you guys talk. Marcus. Smart. Anything left than Tank? I mean this is a player over 25 for the Washington Wizards, which does not fit their Timeline with mid two adults Apparently. I guess that's true. They do have Chris Middleton now. What a weird roster. What a weird way for Marcus Smart's Grizzlies 10 to end. I can't next year. His, I can't believe that we got here next year Is his last year. $21 million. $21 million for Marcus Smart. So yeah, I don't know what's left. Well Now that they have Marcus Smart, the Wizards have waived Reggie Jackson. So Oh, Reggie, shout out to Reggie Jackson. Maybe Back to Denver. Brief Wizards career. So yeah, with Marcus, whether there's anything left in tank or not, as somebody who watched a lot of his career, most of his games that he played, just, just those, that style of play.


You're just not aging nicely. The, all the fucking abuse that his body took, all the charges he took, all the big guys he had to go against. And I don't know, I, I just wanna get to the world where he is retired. Mm. And he's the lead analyst with Drew Carter on Celtic games. Maybe wi sc we can keep sc but think Marcus three, it would be an incredible post-care local Celtic guy would be my hope for I'm, I'm trying To figure out what Memphis is doing because the reporting from Shams around the Marcus Smart Trade is that it's creating roster flexibility and Memphis just, it appears. So here's some shade coming Dumped Jake Lavia who can, damn, who can actually play Rotation Guy to the Sacramento Kings. Nice little pickup for them.


So They did that weird thing with Lavia where they didn't extend his option. So he was a free agent after the year. And then he started playing really well. He did and they kind of fucked it up. So the King's got Lavia. They got lavia. I like him. I was hoping the Celtics would get him. So what are, Yeah, what are the grizzlies gonna do here? I wonder if there's, now I'm starting to wonder if there's some KD potential Won't be very exciting. Although I was, when, when the KD era in Phoenix appeared that it might be coming to a close, I was trying to reflect and see like, okay, what, what have we done here About two years as a sun so far obviously hasn't had the playoff run this year.


A six and nine record in the playoffs with Phoenix One playoff series, win series win. But that awesome. Two games with Booker where they scored like that Was sick. 90 Points each game together and it was like, holy shit. Two zip to the nuggets and came back And tied the series Up. Hey guys, we have to end part one of the podcast, but we're staying on YouTube. Don't leave. We're just ending part one of the podcast, which will go up pretty shortly. All right, that's it for part one of the BS podcast. Remember part two is coming pretty soon right after the trade deadline. Thanks to Kyle Creighton au and Sir Rudy for producing. As always, you can watch all the clips and videos from this podcast on the Bill Simmons YouTube Channel C for part two must be 21 plus in President Select states for Kansas and affiliation with Kansas Star Casino are 18 plus and President DC gambling problem.


Call 100 gambler. Visit rg help.com. Call 1 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org/chat in Connecticut. Or visit md gambling help.org in Maryland. Hope is here. Visit gambling helpline ma.org or call 8 3 2 7 50 50 for twenty four seven. Support Massachusetts. Or call 1 8 7 7 8 Hope ny. Or Text HOPE NY in New York.