
Coming up part two of the big NBA trade deadline Extravaganza X.


It's The Bill Simmons Podcast presented by a FanDuel Super Bowl 59 is here and you can bet on America's number one game of America's number one sports book. Any way you want Fun markets who have the most yards, tons of same game parlays, offensive tees in the next drive. So much more. It's the most fun thing about the Super Bowl for me, other than watching the game. I love the Super Bowl props. You can also check out their Super Bowl squares. Pick your own numbers and make your pick for a kick a destiny. Three between the Manning Brothers. I'm picking Peyton Manning every time because Eli Manning took two Super Bowls for me so he can screw off when you win, you'll get paid instantly. Download the app today and bet the big game with FanDuel and official sports book partner of Super Bowl 59. The Ringer is committed to responsible gaming. Please visit rg help.com to learn more about the resources and help lines available and listen to end this episode. For additional details. Let's be 21 plus in President select states game problem. Call 100 gambler. Visit rg help.com.


This episode is brought to you by vrbo, private Vacation Rentals. With vrbo, you always get the whole house so you and your fellow fans can cheer on your team in peace. What's worse than watching a game with somebody who's not rooting for the same team? You're rooting for nothing. But that's why if you book a vacation house with vrbo, you know all the people in your house, they'll be friends, they'll be family. Ideally they'll be the ones who also root for my teams. Plan a winning vacation, make it a vrbo.


We're also brought to you by The Ringer Podcast Network. Put up a before Sunrise re watchable on Monday. You can watch it on our Ringer Movies YouTube channel. You can also watch me and Sean and Chris doing a trailer reaction to Jurassic Park money. Grab the new Jurassic Park movie. I think that's the title if you missed it. Part one of the Trade Deadline podcast, which we did live on YouTube, which you can follow if you subscribe. Bill Simmons is the YouTube channel. Me, Rob Mahoney. Big wise, we covered all the angles from the week. And then this is going to be part two, which we basically started recording right as the trade deadline ended at 3:00 PM et on Thursday. That is the first far part of this podcast.


First part of this podcast, then the first part of this podcast. And then after that I am going to be doing million Dollar Picks for a little game they call the Super Bowl. We did not do a lot of football this week, but football was all over the place on the on the ringer.com, on The Ringer Podcast Network. We had The Ringer Gambling show. Ringer NFL Silla did some stuff. The Ringer Philly special was great. So if you want football stuff, I would steer you to the pieces and the podcast we did and sometimes it's just one of those weeks. I really wanted to do a podcast on Tuesday night. I thought the rant was getting traded to Golden State. So I paused it and then the window passed and we ended up doing a two-parter for today.


This is part two. First our friends from Projo. Okay, so it's part two right now officially is 1201 PT and we're gonna talk a lot about the Lakers down the road once we know all the trades. The big thing we're waiting up, there's been another trade Sham says Indiana trading James Wiseman and cash to the Toronto Raptors.


He can't walk. He blew out his Achilles. So that's our first one. Yeah, but we're on Grizzly's watch now because they're clearly up to something. They're dumping salary and creating cap room for some reason. And Roster spots it feels like. Is it Cam Johnson? Maybe. I mean he, they've been linked to Cam Johnson for sure. He makes a lot of sense for them too. What Are your Cam Johnson, what's your Cam Johnson feelings Very much like him as a player? I, I think he has been now appropriately placed now that we've had the Luca craziness, we've had Deer and Fox, we've had Jimmy Butler, everything is cooled down. Cam Johnson is a really good player who could help a bunch of different teams including the Memphis Grizzlies and now that is the context in which he lives. Yeah, he's not the kind of guy that you just stick him on a great wing and think, oh it's gonna be fine.


He's not the D part of the three and D is No, I think we finally like let it go. He's a good, he shoots the hell outta the ball. Variety of ways to get a shot off, which I think is gonna be important for Memphis. And he's respectable on defense. Like that's, I like that we're putting 'em in the Grizzlies now. This is fun. Yeah, I think Memphis, he's gonna help them with shooting if No that happens. Well, But this is the kind of thing where, I don't know to what extent these conversations could be linked, but if the Bucks could have getting gotten in on Camp Johnson instead of Kyle Kuzma like that, that's the kind of price might be too high. It honestly might be Too high. Well I mean Brooklyn just doesn't trade anymore. Kuzma Hass been kicking ass this year. Wow, you guys are gonna rule today.


Kuzma Is good. You laughed about the Kyle Kuzma dude. I mean I, I mean when you can get a minus 59 plus minus in one game, you've really accomplished something. I have a quick nets take before we find out the rest of their trades. Do they really need to do anything else? I kind of like Cam Johnson. I kind of like Nick Claxton. They're gonna suck anyway. Sure. They're gonna be a bottom 10 team, which is their goal. And why not just keep those guys and keep them as assets for the, for the, for the summer. I'd rather do that. I don't think there's a tremendous amount of urgency. I think they do have the option to play out some things. There are a couple of guys like Camp Thomas is sort of the one that comes to mind. Do you really want to be paying free Agent Camp Thomas? Yeah, Probably not.


But you know, he's also a tougher sell for a lot of different teams in the first place. He has his own injury concerns that winning teams that are trying to contend right now might not wanna take a flyer on something like that. So the guys that I look at for Brooklyn are more like, oh, is there not a way you can flip Dlo again? Is there not a a market for Camp Thomas? How do you really feel about Dayron Sharp Again? I mean why not Dilo and Schroeder? It's just, they're just trading them for each other. Was, I don't wanna bring this up 'cause I don't wanna spoil the mood 'cause we're having a good time. I know Ben Simmons being traded on trade deadline as an expired contract was a dream for you and it feels like the dream is dying right now. What would've been your dream Ben Simmons team?


The Dream Ben Simmons team To the team that gets him and is like, I don't know, we'll see what he has. Maybe he could be an Asset. I mean wore those teams though. It's gotta be like a Charlotte, it's gotta be a Portland. It is gotta be a team that's like going absolutely a Portland. You can't Break up Portland right now. They're on fire. You know what, like who is the team that says Ben Simmons? Let's take a flyer on this. I was thinking with Charlotte just losing their mind. He would've been like a fun lam melo ball kind of combo. I mean they got time to kill at this point. They Got so much fun. Can, Can I share something kind of funny with you guys? Yeah. After all of these moves, the Wizards are now officially over the first apron.


I mean when you have a chance to really pay out the nose for a rastro, that is technically true at the moment Just because they wanted to acquire a hundred second round picks, Took on a bunch of picks, took on a bunch of money. Congratulations to the Wizards for winning the First Apron championship. And If you're over the first apron, what does that do exactly For them? Basically nothing at the moment. It just kinda limits the ways in which you can acquire players. I don't, And I think by the time that the summer rolls over enough of that money will come off that it won't prevent them from like getting somebody in a sign trade or something like that. Apparently Sham said on TV that they are not moving. Kevin Durant, the sons. Okay. Mm. I wonder if they were ever really interested in moving Kevin Durant And I wonder if anyone in H B's conference room was like, you we're gonna trade Kevin Durant and get Jimmy Butler back.


What are we doing? No, I don't think, Why are we doing that? That seemed like a pipe dream for the heat. If he, if that ever Be connected. I think that was the golden straight state trade though. That was their attempt was to make it a three-way deal. But I Think, I think if he wanted to go to Golden State, I think that trade was probably happening in some form and it was the Phoenix was getting Butler and some maybe a, maybe a the protected pick from Golden State or whatever else. But if You are Phoenix as part of that, that's what we're saying. Like the be all for Butler conversation makes sense. The Durant trade lose Kevin Durant and replace him with Jimmy Butler. But that's what I'm saying Does not work. I think they were gonna do it though. That's Which if I was a sunan I would just be alarmed. I think they should be alarmed for many reasons.


Yeah, you know Rob, that's a great point. The sunan, they should be, the alarms are going off either way. We do not have the Knicks are not making a trade so All right, so let's start the Lakers part of this conversation and then if anything else happens, we'll just audible and stop and keep going. So the Lakers trade connect, I dunno if he is gonna get a 30 for 30 for his 50 Laker games or what's gonna happen but it was a rollercoaster ride. He seemed like the steal of the draft. I think I have a podcast somewhere where I was shitting on Miami for taking wear over Connect. It's probably somewhere my archives.


Let's just delete that. But so they turn Connect Cam Reddish who I think is just 24 years old for the next 10 years. Yeah. I don't know if he ages and then a 2031 first. Yep. And a swap and they bring Mark Williams back the swap whatever the is Charlotte ever gonna have. Yeah, come on. And then the 2031 first for a team that is almost definitely gonna have Luca uch on it maybe probably, probably at 31 years old, probably not doing back flips about that. Why would they trade Mark Williams a young center who is really played well the last six weeks? Is this offer like just too good to refuse?


What was it? I really like Mark Williams, the basketball player, Mark Williams. The entry risks scares the hell outta me. That's, see you mean the 85 career games in three years? Yeah. He Has played less than 40% of his games And he is had three years, like three ankle things. He's had a back thing. Broke his thumb, not his fault. Yeah, the back thing was probably the most concerning then they said he had some sort of foot issue that they feel good about. So that's the risk. It's one of these things where I, I get why Charlotte would look at this offer and say, you know what, maybe we just get out of the Mark Williams business. We like him, we like what he's brought, we like his potential but ultimately maybe he's just too risky and between connecting the pick and the swap, that's enough value.


And I also honestly do get it from the Lakers, you know they're not gonna have many chances to take swings on players this young and this promising cheap Contract like five 6 million cheap Con. But it's gonna come up sooner than you think because he's already been in the league and hurt for so long and he is gonna be just a hell of a lob target for Luca Daci. Yes. Just an incredible finisher already a pretty good rebounder. Really needs to figure it out defensively. But as far as a team that can grow and build around Luca, that's, that's a great place to start. So we know this 'cause we're on the west coast, the east coast teams that start playing at four o'clock in the afternoon here and you're like, oh basketball's on. And then it's like Pistons, Hornets wizard, Hornets literally the games.


And for whatever reason most of the bad teams this year in the east and those are the teams playing at four o'clock. So there's some people probably talking outta their ass about Mark Williams. But I think we've all probably watched 'em And I, I've definitely watched the Hornets recently and noticed how good Mark Williams was and then there was a Denver game. Yoic got all his stats but Mark Williams was also getting stats and I liked him coming outta college. Yeah, I think one of the reasons they traded Nick Richards was they felt like he was ready to be a guy and he was a guy and he was like lob guy who knows with the defense he's been on bad teams. We have no idea. It's true. Lob guy gets 2012 basically every night and is exactly the kind of guy the Wakers needed.


I thought it was a good trade. He Gave up a lot but I liked it. I'm a little bit more lukewarm on it just 'cause I think the price was high in terms of that 2031. Everybody's like looking at that as the one and that Is kind of their one shot was like do I guess they still have Austin Reeves, they could move Reeves at some point but connect and the pick. Yes. And I guess to some extent the swap were their primary Yes. Catalyst to make. So I think that was, that was pretty high. And I think with Luca building around him, I think you should be thinking defense first. And Mark Williams is a offense first player. We get it. He's a huge guy. Like he's like in the Rudy Gobert category in terms of like length and size and all of that stuff.


But he has never shown to be like a great defensive kind of guy in his limited available. You know why he is never shown it because he's played 85 games. Yeah, That's fair. And And That's the thing. It all makes sense and That's the thing. Yeah. Like maybe he's going to turn into this defensive monster, this rim protecting beast that he hasn't shown yet. 'cause he does have the tools. He's not very mobile. But I just think with Luca you should be of defense first in offense like with Luca. Like you just don't have to be that great in order to make it work around everything that he does. And so that's the only, He's like seven feet, two 50. Yeah. And a crazy athlete like really, really athletic and most importantly he is not Jackson Hayes. So huge upgrade right out of the gate As you guys know.


It's, it's, I have to always do a disclaimer. I hate the Lakers And I don't want them to succeed. Sure. I saw this trade, I thought they gave up a lot for a guy who we don't even has not even played a hundred career games yet. But deep down I was like, fuck Mark Williams is good. Like he's a good player. Yeah. And I was just a fun, the Celtics fan side of me was like, fuck that guy. So now I think about the Lakers in a series And I really wanna talk about this Yeah. Size. They're gonna, they're gonna play with a certain pace with Luke and LeBron. Oh slow. It's gonna be yeah. Slow, methodical. They're gonna be big. And it's the kind of team, if I'm o KC, I'm not pumped about playing a team that's gonna be able to try to dictate the pace against us that's gonna throw big bodies all over the place.


And it's like we're gonna take Mark Williams out now all of a sudden we have LeBron Luca and Rui Humo as their bigs. Like they're always gonna have size and length basically everywhere except the point guard position. But I don't think in the playoffs Even even at the point like Austin Reeves is a big point or Luca, whoever you wanna consider to be the play card. And in the playoffs like Luca just might be the point guard. They might just be Luca, LeBron two wings and Mark Williams and that's their crunch time lineup. I'd be really scared of this team in the playoffs. The only thing about the Lakers is you gotta do have to think about the defense. 'cause it's like it's LeBron guard. Threes full-time. You got Luca as a defender. He doesn't guard 1, 2, 3, 4 fives. You got Austin Reeves doesn't guard tries. You got tries Williams like it's not the greatest no defensive situation happening there, but like Luca and LeBron figuring out your little postseason defense.


That's scary. Yeah. When you know people, It's scary. People Try to zag on the trade, like how are those guys gonna play together? They both have the ball the time and it's like, I'm positive they're gonna figure this out. I'm not worried about it. LeBron and Lu Can figure out how to play off This. It's who has the smallest guy in them? You or me? Yeah. Oh you do. All right. You're gonna have the ball the now Luing him to death. Yeah. Also low key Luca I thought was a pretty good sport about playing off the ball more this season in general. Like had actually started to make some meaningful improvement in that part of his game. LeBron can obviously do it. These are brilliant players. It's not gonna be a problem in terms of the offense. And you're right, the thing that we talk about is being maybe the most important skillset in basketball is how do you break down half court defense and can you score one-on-one against anybody?


Definitely. They have guys who can do that. And I, at an incredibly high level, two of The most brilliant basketball players Yeah. Of this century. They're now together. They have a team that the, the worries were we don't have enough size. How are we gonna guard people? You know Vanderbilt, Finney Smith, Finn Smith. Yeah. Vanderbilt, Finn, Smith. Smith. No. We just be like all if we're playing some hot wing in a playoff series, do we have somebody that we can at least cover them with? They have that. I don't think they're gonna be able to guard point guards at all. No. So like you pick a point guard that guy doesn't Know a God that you don't play a team that wants to spread you out. Because again, LeBron Luca getting spread out like yeah. Space. But first two runs in the playoffs. Like it's, it's like three, four.


It really doesn't get to a conference finals when it's every other day. Yeah. And I think they could make the conference finals, like I can't believe how things have flipped. It makes me wanna pull one of my kidneys out and whip it against the fucking wall. But they're gonna be really hard to play. And if I look at like OKC number one, who's number two? Yeah. For playoffs, who has the ability to do this? The Lakers are the first choice. Denver's still my first choice, but again, like you're gonna have to pry Denver out of my cold dying hands. Right. In terms of My ability. So they maybe they're two B. Yeah. Lakers. Denver. Two A, two B in some, because Houston is So young, the offense is like, you still gotta make shots. The Grizzlies era.


No, the The, the Grizzlies Come On Gz guys. Grizz. Yeah. But I think the Grizz are gonna be really good in the, and even in a playoffs, they have a lot to proof as all these teams do. The Lakers included, like we need see the Lakers guard. I'm telling you, Josh's taking all his time off. He's saving his body. I hope you're right. Playoffs. I hope you're right. That's where, that's where my train gets off The grizzlies. You Don? No, with the Joh thing. I got you. I just, he's just not playing basketball enough. Got you. And, And it feels like they're beholden to him and the potential of what he can do, but he's just not doing it regularly. Mm. And so I think that's probably the team that has the, the upside ceiling. Yes, They Could. But if I'm just betting, I'm taking Denver and the Lakers are the two, Another Laker thing with this trade.


I think they're betting majorly on free agency in 2026. And, And I looked at, it is a blank, you can look it up. It's like a bunch of older guys and the number one prize is Jaron Jackson. Which I'm not doing. I'm not doing that. I'm not putting the lake in Jersey on Jarron Jackson. I'm just saying LeBron might be conspiracy was Jarron Jackson to the lake. I'm saying LeBron might be done, obviously he's his 50. He grew up a Laker fan is one Of those 15 million. No, no, no, no. I'm just saying he is the, the main target of pretty much every team in the league at this point. Mm. In terms of 20. But I think that's why did smart trade though. 'cause I think Memphis is trying to give him a massive extension. By the way he might be an all NBA guy.


Yeah. I think he's in the running for he's he's yeah. Like he could be. It's a Tremendous season. Yeah. But the rest of the guys in 2026, which I think the Lakers are also banking on that they're going to bring in a major talent in 2026 as well that summer. Yeah. Let's take a, we'll take a quick break for the podcast


With you routing with the Chiefs or the Eagles. FanDuel is yet another way for you to win big during Super Bowl 59. FanDuel has put together two parlays that feature an exclusive profit boost tied to me. Yeah. If you think the chiefs are gonna win and their qb, you know who he is is gonna throw for over 225 passing yards bet that you get bigger winnings with the boost. If it hits, it's over two to one. Or if you think the Eagles are gonna win and they're star running back, you know who he is. He's gonna have over a hundred rushing yards. That's cool. You get a big profit boost on that two. I'm gonna tell you which one I like when we do million Dollar Picks at the end of part two of this podcast. Either way, these parlays are all set to bet. Visit FanDuel dot com slash bs to claim your exclusive profit boost FanDuel dot com slash bs BET Super Bowl 59 on America's number one sports book. Make every moment more with FanDuel an official sports betting partner of the L you must be 21 plus and Presidents states are 18 plus and president of DC Optum required bonus issued as non archable profit Boost tokens restrictions apply, including any token expiration and max wager amount C terms at sportsbook. Do fan.com game prom call 1-800-GAMBLER visitor rg-help.com.


This episode is brought to you by Whole Foods Market. If you're thinking about wellness right now, I've got some top picks for your 2025 plan. Keep your eye out for the yellow low price signs at Whole Foods Market. You can pick up responsibly farmed atlantic salmon or no antibiotics ever favorites like boneless, skinless chicken breasts or ground beef for less than you think They even have their own in-house brand. 365 by Whole Foods Market with good stuff like almond milk, organic frozen fruit blends, and a whole rainbow of organic produce. Shop Whole Foods Market in store online and on Amazon for free pickup and convenient delivery terms. Apply save on your wellness routine with great everyday prices at Whole Foods Market.


This episode is brought to you by State Farm. State Farm helps you score an affordable price when you choose to bundle home and auto insurance with the personal price plan. Bundling home and auto. That's a pro move. Just another way you can save on your insurance needs. Talk to a State Farm agent today to learn how you can bundle and save with the personal price plan Like a good neighbor. State Farm is there. Prices are based on rating plans that vary by state coverage. Options are selected by the customer availability. Amount of discounts and savings and eligibility vary by state.


I'm gonna read you the Western Conference odds. OKC is plus 1 0 5. Who do you think is the number two best odds in the West right now? Probably the Lakers. Just 'cause everyone bets on the Lakers I would think. What do you have? We, I would go Memphis. So Denver is second it second one. Mm. Who do you think is number three? Mm. I mean, I'm assuming it's, I'm just gonna keep saying the Lakers until they show up. Lakers plus Lakers plus seven 50. So we basically, what we said before, the gambling public also agrees. Grizzlies are fourth. You've seen that Lakers, people seen that Luca trade and just said, yeah, I need it.


Grizzlys fourth at 11 one mm Houston, I'm sorry, Clippers 16 to one. And This is to Win the west, win the west. The Clippers are above the rockets to win the West 18 one ins of odds. You know why they're above the rockets? 'cause everyone's seen these fucking CrunchTime Fred Bain bleep plays. Nobody can watch them anymore. How many, how many, how many terrible stepback threes can you have in one season? Fred? Alone? How many I like Fred, but how is that your offense at the end of games? It shouldn't be. It shouldn't be. He's he's turned out to be like quite critical to making them functional but also Quite living. Do they, do they draw those up in the huddle? I don't think that's the Role. I think if Fred stepped back three again, we're, we're, we're only down two. He's miscast in his role as number one crunch time.


I think he Thinks he is iss the guy in the team though. Team. But often like who is going to create, I'm just spreading the floor for Thompson and just go get to the basket somehow. That's tough. Maybe that's where they get to. It's just, Just get to the basket. E May can't, he's not gonna bring himself to be like a men. Thompson is now our freaking crunch time Scorer or Jaylen Green. One of those guys. Spread the floor for Jay Reen is the one post You lost me at Jalen Green. Even. Look, he's had great moments. Bob has hated Jalen Green. I'm just gonna to the basket of the Fred ba stepback, I can't do it again. I, I feel that, I feel that I think ah, men right now is thriving in chaos. Anytime the floor is unstable, unbalanced, unsettled. He's so good. Set half court defense coming out of a timeout drive with a guy right in your face.


Tough. Not quite his game. Yeah. Houston 18 to one golden state. 20 to one Minnesota 23 to one. Interesting. 'cause they have a chance to be a top five team Team. They haven't trade Julius Rain. I Wanna say this too. There's a difference I would say between the odds to win the West and the odds to also make the conference finals alongside the thunder. I don't think Memphis can beat o kc. Yeah. In a way that you can talk yourself into the Lakers. You could talk yourself into Denver. You can see the way their advantages profiled The, the the the size advantage and the sort of mind advantage Yep. Of, you know, execute out, executing this really young team who's still only ever done the second round last year. You could see your Memphis is not going to have the IQ advantage in any series that they're in.


It's just not going to Be the case. They're super young and relying on dudes that have never been there. So I haven't done a podcast since Sunday night with Goldsberry and definitely not since the press conference, which I know I think you guys talked about. Didn't you guys think Good Job. Yeah. The Nico Harrison Press conference? No, The Luca Press conference. Oh sure. Yeah. Yeah. We, well actually we didn't talk about both. We didn't talk About you didn't about that. No, no. You talk leather jackets or what, what do you want? What do you wanna go? I've been talk obviously, like you guys talking a lot about this Luca trade the last few days. And so if you're in the room with Nico Harrison and he, he bring, first of all, let's live in the facade of the world where nobody knew about this trade except Nico Harrison, the Mavs owner, Jeanie Buss and Poka.


We'll, we'll we'll be in that pretend world where LeBron didn't know and and Rich Paul didn't know and Jason Kidd didn't know. Let's, we'll be in that pretend world that didn't actually exist. And you're actually in the room and Nico Harrison is like getting close. We might do this. Did anyone around him at some point say, don't do this. You're gonna trade Luca to the Lakers. All the things that frustrate you about him, all you're doing is putting a giant fucking chip on his shoulder and he's going to turn into Lean Neon in the second half of taken and be fucking awesome for the Lakers. You have to factor that in the trade. You're not trading this guy now who's 280 pounds in December and you know, he is kind of, maybe he's kind of a dick to people who knows, who knows what the reasons are, but just this is what, this is what will be the result of the trade is this fucking maniac on the Lakers trying to get his vengeance year after year on you.


And the Mavs don't do this. And I don't think anyone's said that to him. I think the Luca having issues with his body and his conditioning. He's 25. It bothers people who Jason Kidd, who was a great player himself, been around greatness, hyper competitive guy has yo talk about calling Luca out. Nobody in the history of Luca's career has done more publicly to call Luca. I remember him saying, I'm not the savior, I'm not the one who people call the savior of the franchise like Jason Kidd and Nico Harrison, who again is a big Kobe guy.


And you think about the way Kobe comported himself and took his superstardom so seriously eventually Came to comport himself. It didn't start out that way. Sure, yeah. The, the revisionist history or that Sure nuts we've just thrown out the entire mid two thousands. Yeah. But but that's the thing though. Like he was around Kobe when he was Yes. That maniacal person. I think there's just like a boy king factor where it's, you just feel like this, we can't get Luca to do these things now why wouldn't we guarantee him $350 million? Is he gonna do it because He is Luca Doni? Yeah. Because he's off to one of the best five, I don't disagree with starts in the first seven years. I, I'm playing devil's advocate here. I could see a bunch of hyper competitive people being like, this guy's just the next mb he's never gonna do the requisite things to get his body in check.


He's never gonna actually be on the floor for us. We get it. He took us to the finals, but he just doesn't care enough about this extra stuff. And so let's get out of this business. I don't agree. That's Just, it's such a narrow view of what greatness looks like of that. It basically has to look like Kobe Bryant's like basically fake work workout. I don't, I disagree. Look at Steph Curry, look at LeBron, look at Yoic. He look at what he did to get his conditioning and all of his stuff, right? Like the best players actually do this. I, I don't disagree with you, but like you could look at Gianni's injury history and that's a guy who takes great care of himself, who puts incredible work on his game, on his body. Some guys get hurt and some guys get hurt for reasons that have nothing really to do with whatever their conditioning is or whatever state their body is in.


And honestly, the problem with the mbbi competence come up a lot. Like this is sort of the primary defense you hear is a joel com mbbi comparison for Luca Don shit, he, Luke plays half of the games in his career Also. Luca has, Al Luca at his best is better than Joel Mbbi has ever been. 100%. And he has done more in the playoffs than Joel Embi Has ever done. And with the finals nine months ago. Nine Months. That's the thing. I also thank To the finals is the thing for me. It's like he's, he's put it on, he's put it on the floor like that. He has it in him to carry a team to the freaking finals. Like he's 25. He's 25. He's not the person human being slash work at the guy he's gonna be. Yeah. We've seen people, I know I made a shitload of mistakes in my mid twenties.


I'm sure you guys did too. Things you would take back. We've seen it with athletes over and over again, including Kobe Bryant. By the way, mid twenties aren't, if the talent is there and the competitiveness is there, which it, it has been the entire time with this dude. And your only thing is, eh, I wish he was in better shape. Eh, I I wish maybe he treated people around here a little bit better. Like those aren't real reasons to trade him. No, no. And, And I just think they did him the all time favor. You could see in the press conference he looked miserable. No, he looked shell-shocked dude. He looked like he couldn't believe this happened. And I just think I, maybe it's 'cause I'm older And I've, I've been down this, this road a few times in sports.


Like I just think he's, I would bet anything he's gonna be awesome in the Lakers. I just think this is the kind of thing sometimes guys need. It's like the cattle prop And that's it. And again, their bet the mavericks have effectively bet not just by trading away Luca, but by bringing back a Lakers pick as the primary future return of the deal that this will not work or That he's gonna leave Or that he is gonna leave. I think Bo I think both of those things are bad bets. And in to put yourself in Luca's shoes, oh no. Oh Boy. Oh my god. Conspiracy Bill is back. It's almost like they think he's headed somewhere in the summer of 2026 and that's why they wanted that 20 but also 29 first.


They and Luca have said Almost like they're, it's like a, like they know something. They're On Negro. Harrison is now on the record as saying there was no indication that Luca from him or any of his representatives would not have taken the supermax. He's still, but he's kind of talked out of both sides of his mouth on the well Supermax Well Luca also basically laughed at the question when it was presented to him of did you ever say that you were not gonna take the super? Like why would he turn down over a hundred million dollars to continue playing for the team that he just took to The N NBA fights? So a couple guys have done, because He likes Florida Maybe ad Didn't, no one likes it That much. Ad asked for his trade before he could sign his big supermax in New Orleans.


Kauai did it to San Antonio. Yeah. So there are guys who have done it before. There's no indication that Luca was headed down that path. This Is the thing. We have No evidence. We have, We have so little evidence or justification for this trade. You have to invent reasons why it could be a Ballot. But also, but also our memories are are kind of short too. Because remember before the g the the gaffer deal, the PJ Washington deal, that was like a big part of the chatter around Luca. Right? Dallas needs to do something right now to prove to Luca Don day he needs to stay here. But so wasn't that long. But That's like the lazy NBA discourse. So they got, I don't know man. I think it was people that were plugged in with like, they need to prove they just just got that they're building a winner.


That was a big part of the car. Is it possible Luca's just not from this country and sometimes a organization of mostly American people that couldn't really get a handle on a guy guy from from Venia. Like does it seem like Denver as a handle on Yoic? I mean Nicole Yoic could retire this summer. Yeah. And I wouldn't be, wouldn't be Surprised by it. Yeah. You talk to anybody who is zebra remotely associated with the nuggets. They're like, that guy could fucking retire in two months. Yeah. And none of us would be shocked. So, and His jersey would go open the rafters and it'd still be one of the greatest players of all time. Like we doing the two like No, I get it. I'm just saying guys, but like Ob but I'm saying obviously no kid is different but there a disconnect with the organization and their best player. Sure. And it's come out ever since and they had no problem.


Yeah. Especially when they realized how unpopular the trade was. They had no problem leaking stuff out left and right including stuff I'm not gonna say in the pod, but the, the the the fact that they kept this trade secret because they knew their fans were gonna be so upset about it. Yeah. That the moment it leaked there was gonna be such a reaction against it that the owners would've backed out. Should tell you you're making the wrong trade. Probably should. That's that's all I need to know. It's like, hey, we have to keep this between us. It can't get out. Why can't it get out? What would be the bad thing about it getting out? Because then more teams would offer stuff for Luke and Don Don. No, it can't get out because you don't want the Mav fan base to have a riot outside the arena.


Here's the thing again, I personally would've signed the guy then tried to move him if I hated his, his work professional work habits so much. That's what I think they should have did. However, if you are of the mind, you put together a team that went to the finals last year, you have a guy who cannot play and you think if you bring in an all NBA level player that you are going to continue to be a championship worthy type of squad. I don't agree, but I don't think it's the craziest thing that you could say. Putting It is a little bit if you put the ages of those players on into the Conversation. Hold on. If you, if you're prioritizing this year looping Luke Luca and his agent and everybody in does not help you, they start telling teams no, don't do it.


No don't. It actually does Start, it's like Anthony Davis, new Orleans then it Actually does start to handicap for sure the amount of teams. I hear you. You can go about moving too. So if you, if you're going on Nico Harrison's idea of what, how good Dallas could be this year, it actually makes sense. I just think he's wrong. I Think it idea For David Kahan in like two years, that's, that's what is headed for him. What What gets me about this iss You don't trade luga Don period. That's a failure. Yes. The decision to trade him because you don't like what basically are these puffs of smoke about his work habits and his conditioning, not real actual basketball factors. Well and then also in the finals last year when Windhorst had the ran after game three 'cause Luca acted immaturely and those game Well has those moments.


Absolute, that absolutely happens. The real thing that's a part of his game. I still would not trade him for any of those reasons. If you did decide to trade him, keeping it secret, not o not lobbying offers. And I I hear you that for this season, that would be complicated. So play out this season, a season in which Luca Doni is gonna be a better basketball player than Anthony Davis provide. That he's healthy and back on the court, play it out. And then once you get him under contract for the supermax Ask off Can we, But that's another but didn't, but then that becomes another thing like how you, you can't bring Luca don back after you put him on the trade market. But if your, if your assumption is that he wants to leave, then it's all part of the same process. It's a scare. It's a scare tactic. Can we bring back in Conspiracy Bill? Let's do it one more time.


So it's gonna work out today. So the Mavs, they Cuban sells the team, which was fishy to begin with. He was always like, I'm Mavs owner for life. Then all of a sudden he is like, yeah I'm selling sells it to this this Vegas group that has gambling ties, all this stuff, the league green lights it. Did the league say this is why Conspiracy Bill is sometimes he's on on crack. Yeah. Did the league say we'll we'll greenlight the team but you gotta trade Luca to the Lakers in two years. So, so that's, that's this is Coming from a voice of deep hurt. I can tell Conspiracy Bill also wearing green Conspiracy. This is Q nine. Q nine Bill is here.


That Is another part of this. That's like Mavs ownership group is completely out to lunch on this. Or are they or are they, how do you or they have a lunch, How do you, how do you put your stamp of Approval or this or are they or are they hoping they just swap teams with the Vegas expansion in a couple years and get the F out? Dallas? I Don't, I mean Vegas in terms of a market is not even close to Dallas. Not even comparable market sizes. No planet like they Vegas need to be compared themselves to Memphis. It's Funny that compared themselves, this trade happened 12 days ago and we're still struggling to understand a reason. We're at the level of like looking At the Texas state legislative calendar, figure out I got those when Bett Can become legal, realize you realize what's gonna happen like five days from now, seven days from now, Luca's gonna have like 59 points in a game and people are gonna be like, what just happened?


How did we allow this trade? We're gonna move into that. Have you seen The Anthony Edwards sound where he's just like, guys he kicked our asses to get to the finals. This guy is a stone cold killer. Yeah, That's Anthony Edward. I wanna trade Block if this guy can be trade like bro please don't trade me. If you could trade Luca Don. So His next games he is So if he comes back Saturdays andm sure he's being a minutes Then is gotta objective. I believe he's expected to come back Saturday at this point. Oh Wow. But figure, so rest of the schedule is Indiana, Utah at Utah Home. Charlotte, February 19th That has 70 written all over it at Portland. At Denver home Dallas.


Oh my god. Home Dallas. Yeah, I think they have two games left. Oh, so February 25th Dallas and then Minnesota Clippers. He, he's gonna have like 59 in one of those. There's gonna be a game when we just all lose our minds that this happened. By The way, he had a tough start to the season for Luca standards. Yeah. Felt like he wasn't, you know, didn't come to camp in, you know, a lot of the guys best shape of my life. Yeah. Didn't blah blah blah tent percent body fat. Didn't, we didn't hear any of those rumors about Luca coming into camp. But the Tough start is 28. Eight and eight. Yeah. That's the tough start for Luca. Dons, you know, tough. That's 33 Production nine in the conference finals last year. What are we doing?


We doing Trade. Just got to the Lakers. Oh God. My dad called me the next 'cause he was asleep and the trade happened. Yeah. My dad was, Was he Miserable? He was terrified of Luke in the finals and he hates the Lakers more than I do And he just, he said he got all these texts and he woke up the next day and thought, thought we made a trade the Celtics and then saw that was a trade. He was like, I like, I don't like how, how did they not stop this? Like yeah now we have to deal with Luca who's gonna be pissed off and humbled And I big picture, I don't wanna see them in a playoff series if I'm anyone in the west. No. And that has changed Dramatically.


You would not have said that about the Lakers No. Three weeks ago that Knicks game when LeBron was starting to look better. Yeah. I was like, oh when Davis comes back, this team's interesting. I could see them maybe winning around and throwing some punches around too. And now this is the team that LeBron James at age 40 now has a chance to make the finals again. Well It's a classic like Anthony Davis raises your floor. Luca Doni raises the fuck out of your ceiling. Yeah. He knocks out the ceiling completely. And you, you have no idea what to expect In Denver. OKC are the only two teams you can credibly say Luca won't be the best player in the series. Head and shoulders by the way. And then you know he's got LeBron backing him up pretty good. Pretty, pretty Good. Yeah. And you go through the rest of the west.


I like this Clipper's team. But the fact that they went backwards. I don't harden in a playoff series. I don't see it Minnesota mess. Phoenix. No way. Dallas as a possible wild card in Golden State as a possible wild card. And that's really it. Unless Weby just does something in absolutely all time Insane. It would Be shock. Like it not shocking if the stores make the playoffs if they advance would be pretty surprising. There's Yeah that would be a huge mega Upset. They have so many young guys they need to learn a lot. Like the Warriors are a team that I could envision making a run, making it through to the second round. Not a run run but keeping competitive. Scaring somebody a little bit. That could be a thing. This thing Jimmy Butler with something to prove.


Yep. It's something I want to bet on. Quentin Post Was Quentin Post Ass Outta here Was can you walk us through the Jimmy Butler, Draymond Green text messages, Lot of profanity. What Draymond does sends the first text, right? Definitely. Draymond sends the first text like A let's get it exclamation point. It's more like we're gonna rip people's faces off, chew 'em up, spit 'em out, kill 'em. They're a bunch of P words. These guys have nothing on us. It's about time we got together. Like we're talking about two of the ultimate like confidence maniacs that have ever existed. And by The way, in the NBA They, I think we're together in the 2016 Olympics.


Hmm. I I think they're good. I'm not wor like I see a lot of chatter about oh my god, these two big personalities. No They're gonna feed off of each other. The People Jimmy Butler doesn't like are not the Draymond Green types? No, No They're, they're the people that he sees as like timid or unreliable and like Draymond shows up. It's The Andrew Wiggins types. The young Andrew Wiggins. Yes. Pre Pre Warriors Revolution. Andrew Wiggins. Yeah. He's like I think it'll be fine. I would say Draymond's short term, probably a bigger risk to everything. The butler because then the Butler will be in his best behavior for this season at the very least And he'll probably he's got a lot the proof come to Golden State.


Maybe he will launch a podcast with The Ringer. Who Knows. Oh yeah. Invest in ai, bring him in, move some coffee. Yeah. Like he's got stuff to Maybe invest in in Dream on Green's restaurant If we could get his agent on a podcast. Bernie, That guy's got a lot to to say Biggest character of the year. So if, if you had wild card teams And I gave you Golden State And I gave you Dallas for one of those two teams would be in the Western finals, which one would you pick? Golden State. I would take Golden State Over Dallas. Golden State. So you just think that I'm concerned so stink of this trade is gonna submarine Dallas this season. Like Jimmy Butler and playoff pedigree and a like level that these guys have gotten to, even if they don't get to what they've been anywhere in that neighborhood is just No, I Think the part that, I mean Nico Harrison, there are many parts he missed with the trade.


I don't think he realized what a distraction slash disaster slash running running story this was gonna be. Especially if Luca starts playing well for the Wakers. Oh yeah. It's gonna single handedly submarine their season. I think It's gonna follow him and the team for the rest of his career as a general manager I would think we'll see what it ends up doing to the Mavs. My concern is not just, oh you gave away Luca Dage. It's really hard to make long playoff runs when you basically have no plus level passers on your roster. And if you look at what the Mavs lineup is gonna be now ad at the four. Yeah. Either lively or gaffer at the five Kyrie is now your primary and basically only creator. Yeah. Clay Thompson, PJ Washington. How are you Breaking people down beyond Kyrie?


Just going Uncle Drew one On one. That's the funniest thing about the trade is that they built this whole roster around Luca, all these dudes that were meant to fit with him and then they trade Luca. And like even in those lineups where you're benching both lively and Gafford and you're playing ad at his most optimal position, it's still Kyrie making that pick and roll happen. And that's just not, And Kyrie we know And I think Kyrie's been really good the last couple years. Yeah. But he's most to Stu. I also think you can like the Celtics, the big thing when Luca fell out in game three and it was like, all right Kyrie take us home. The Celtics shut 'em down. Yeah. Yeah. And you can shut 'em down with, with wings and size and if you know he's getting the ball.


It's not the same Kyrie from five, six years ago. Davis, you know, Davis can be overpowering. Maybe he will have a chip on his shoulder. I don't know. Depending on the matchup. Like there's matchups that he overwhelms where like he can be that one-on-one guy but you know, for the most part it's not gonna happen. Bill still, I'm gonna pick my four. Still Very upset about the Luca trade. Yeah. I don't know if it's 'cause I'm older And I just know how it's gonna play out 'cause I've seen it. But you know, same like, it was similar to when Shaq got traded to Miami and it was like Shaq's outta shape, Shaq's fat and it's like cool, he's not gonna be fat anymore. 'cause you pissed him off and then he went to Miami and he had two awesome years for them. Yeah. If I had to go four West teams that I don't think are gonna make it San Antonio, Sacramento, Those are my odd men out Phoenix, Dallas.


'cause of, I think the, I think that the Karma and all that shit from the trade, I think it's would be Metaphor if goes down it's guy Reader goes him for two weeks And he has a bulging disc in his back. At this moment It's toast. PJ Washington is gonna be creating offense, you know, like Spencer Denwitty, it's cool. Spencer Denwitty who's been a nice backup this year by the way. But he got signed for a minimum contract for a reason. Like, I like Spencer Diddy, Diddy Spencer Witty, but I, I just, I can't see, Could have to edit that outta the podcast accident. Said Diddy, I'm not even, I'm sure we're allowed to say that on a podcast. I think the Clippers might slide out.


I Say that with all, I'm All due respect to the season they've had. I just think they could be a, a candidate for this. They're overachieving like hell Yeah. I think they probably will end up as a play-in team but maybe get bounced out And they haven't had one part of the season where they've had like lose five outta seven or like, they haven't done that. They've just been pretty steady, consistently solid all year. They do Philadelphia before we go. What Just seem like they're shedding salary maybe to pay ya in the, in the summer as they should of most popular Sexer Max. One of their best parts Gonna make the play. Are they?


Yes. Wes, how'd you feel about mbi? Missing the Boston and Denver games, but being ready for Dallas and Daniel Gafford and Mel Luca, That's not really like him. He's always like for the big record season Shows. Did that jump outta you or no? Did right for that the Dallas game. He is ready. Look man, this really, I feel Very, very Privileged to be at the table with two bonafide and bead skeptics for a long, long Time. I've been just Play basketball. It's one of my rules. If you a basketball player play basketball, I gotta give it up to my guy Ben Gover. He was actually the first person to point this out to me. He's like all this, nobody like, it's never his fault is is is TOAs Harris? It's it's Ben Simmons. It's Brett Brown. Mike Brett Brown.


Yep. It's Sam Hankey. It's, it's, it's always somebody else's fault. And now everybody's like, Hmm, The bill has come due. Yeah, it's tough. But no, the bulls are, the bulls are in the 10th seed and they're one game above the sixes right now. They're done. Yeah. That's fair. The bull Season is is you Don't, You don't think Pat Williams is gonna save these guys? I don't think Pat Williams is coming to the rescue counter and Hawks are are Counter. What was that? I like Bud Zellis. Well Sure, but do you Like him, him as a player who's gonna cement a play in, I Wonder if they can patch together a lot of Levine stats with the guys they have. If Lonzo can play more minutes, bud Zeus can be pretty good.


They kept Cevi. They did. I think it's just a Kobe white just shooting More. Could Kobe White get more like I, I do feel like they can patch together 24 points a game from other people And I Think the Bulls are done And I don't think they want to be, you know, Well they wanna be in the bottom 10. Right? That's one of the teams that has the they Protection incentive. But you know, they got their pick back, Their, They got Nothing sweeter. Well, I mean, so Philly beat, If you love something, let it go when it comes back to you. Yeah. Philly. Philly beats Dallas and Bead looks good. Doesn't play the next night against Miami. And they end up losing to Miami by seven.


Paul, Paul George didn't play either. Oh no. He played 32 minutes and had nine points in one rebound and two assist From that kinda year. Worst Contracts in the league this Year. You fucking better believe we're, he's in the running for number one pick. That's tough. Newly minted too. Na didn't take any time to age into milk. You know, just He's, there should be be a Twitter account. Twitter account that just says I that the, the name of the account is, I don't understand why you're not playing tonight. And it could just be like John Morant's not playing because you know, his heel hurts. Paul George, knee rest, maintenance, like these excuses, these dudes have the Paul George thing's really rough. Mm.


They did get Quentin Grimes. I, I don't like as far as trading Caleb Martin for Quentin Grimes a better younger player. Yeah, I Didn't understand that trade for, from a what, Dallas aside Jason. That's when I started getting scared for Nico Harris. Well Jason Kit hasn't trusted Grimes all year. At least that's the way it appears. Doesn't Think any, is it a Defense Cheap Score. But he can guard, he can guard, he can play. I thought he's off the dribble game has actually been pretty Useful. Yeah. Quin Grimes. I don't, I never really got why he wasn't, he's more of, of like a, a fixture in the rotation of Dallas. I'm pretty sure I fell in love with Quentin Grimes the same summer league. I thought Matt McClung could, could stick on a team score. That dream is still alive. We shoulda Osceola Magic stand up League.


Wes, how you feeling that with all the Lakers movement? Is is there a spot for Bronny now in the 10 men rotation or? No, Still gotta pay his dues in the G league. Probably won't be on the playoff roster. Okay. But it's early. He signed a four year deal bill. So It's a marathon, not a sprint. It's a Marathon. Not a sprint. It marathon. A sprint with the great Bronny. James, Any last things before we go Rob? I just can't believe we're still here with the suns. I can't believe they didn't like they move us ic, all that spinning of their wheels and we're just gonna have to watch them like try to get better by doing what exactly? I don't know Ryan Just having KD more Regularly.


I mean ha ha I mean he's been pretty healthy. Like I know he is out with the ankle thing right now, but like had pretty good health by Kevin Durant. Modern standards. I guess you're just banking on some members of your rotation to play better, to somehow guard better. I just, I'm, I'm very disappointed by where Phoenix season has ended up at this point. Well, I mean it could be worse. They could have given away Mikhail Bridges and Cam Johnson in seven first round picks Get there. They could have, I still, I'll never get over them. Just throwing Cam Johnson in that trade on top of everything else they were giving up and, and then Ispe was, we gotta get him all right. Fine. Throwing Cam Johnson. Like that part was nuts. Mm. He was thirsty man. He had that new owner thirst, he had that look.


It's great. It's the opposite of the look that new owners, the Mavericks have thirsty. I've never to antagonize the fan base, move The team. I've, I've never seen anything like it. Oh man. Yeah. You know a few Mavs fans, right? Oh They're devastated. There's, I've never seen a fan base this inconsolable And I get it. I completely get it. Also like if you know anything about their new owners, she's like got her hands in things. She's got her hands. Yeah. There's a lot of involvement More than basketball. I wanna say it's A busy woman as far as the fan base part of it goes, I thought Josh Bo of Mavs Moneyball made a point that I thought was really well stated, which is that part of what makes this really hard if you're a Mavs fan is that you, for this trade to be successful for the Mavs, you basically have to, for Luca has to fail for this to be a maverick success.


And this is the guy, they've invested so much time, so much attention, so much like fan adoration in and Now you have to actively root against that guy. If you want the Mavericks to be good at get, I just don't get it. I just don't understand it. You and us and the rest of the NBAI Just don't get it. And the sad thing is, at least for me, loves the Celtics. I think he's gonna be awesome on the Lakers. I think the fans are gonna love him. Oh my God. There's always been a weird LeBron thing 'cause he followed Kobe. 'cause he wasn't a Laker no Baggage for Luca. They, it's zero. It's like I had a couple people say to me that it was like their version of like when JFK got shot, like hearing the news, like don't remember.


Okay. I mean in, in a good way. Damn. No, no. In a good way. Where they'll always remember where they were. I was at dinner And I got a text like it's like one of those trades that You don remember for the rest of your life. There are, there are other Points in history we could refer to as a positive other one other than J FFA getting shot other For me it evoked the decision. Okay. For me. Yes. Like re I'm going to remember exactly what I, but we knew the decision was coming. Yeah. And we knew Miami was possible. Yeah. But I just remember looking at the Stephen A was on the onboard, Like LeBron is on the Miami Heat. This is with D Wade and Kris Bch. Yeah. She was Just brought to you by Vitamin Water. Yeah. Normally, Normally when you and Jim Gray, Normally when you remember where you were, it's usually because something terrible happened.


That's true. Or something completely insane happened. Like I remember where I watched the second Holyfield Tyson fight. Mm. You know, it was like, this is insane. I'll always remember this, but the Luca outta nowhere, just hanging out on the couch with my wife about to start a movie on a Saturday night and then just trying to decipher what was real for 10 minutes. Like for 10 minutes trying to, and Sean's having to reassure people that the trade happened. Well I'm telling the truth. I was, There's never gonna be another moment like that because we had some other weird shit in the NBA this last decade. Like we had that A really fun one was the Deandre Jordan to the Mavericks and he wasn't gonna go to the Mavericks, The Hostage crisis. Yes. The Anthony Davis.


Not Anthony Davis. Kaw Leonard, yes. Lakers clip Lakers Clippers. And then on that Friday night, all of a sudden it was Paul George too. And but never without warning. Yeah. And I think, like I was saying, like people are making lists about, was this the craziest sports trade ever. I'm not gonna compare this to the Red Sox trading, babe Ruth to the Yankees. That's fucking crazy. Sure. But it's certainly like, since we've all been working together, the craziest thing that's happened, I think it's the craziest trade that's happened since I've had like a column or a podcast. So that's 30 years. Well it's Also the craziest, like you can't compare it to something like the Babe Ruth trade for obvious reasons. But also we are so trade pilled Now you Yeah. No trade makes, like you would just say Jimmy, but who cares?


I don't need to do an emergency podcast. Like no Trade shocks. You like this. Well, when A deal goes down it's like, oh, we already know the three players who are probably involved for salary reasons. We've worked it out. It's been trade machine to death. If you're one of the apron teams, we basically already know what the deal is gonna be by the time it's made. This was a complete shock and an inexplicable Move. An old player for Player Pick exchanged. Done. Yep. It's gonna go great. We had some good ones in the nineties and it, it kind of brought me back like I remember being on the phone with House after they traded Chris Weber for Mitch Richmond and he was just, just, even though Chris Weber was kind of a disaster on the Wizards, but it was still one of those trades where you just knew the upside for us is we might win round one.


And the downside is Chris Weber might go to the Kings and be awesome. He's like 25. And this was like a hundred times worse than that. One of the, one of those for me that I vaguely remember is the Knicks getting Sprewell because it was his first team after he choked out. BJ Carmo, right? Yeah. Yeah. And it was like, wow. New York media was not behind the movie. Yeah. Just so you know. They weren't crazy about it, but like, I just remember being like, damn, they got sprewell. That's, that's nuts. Couple questions from the chat before we go. Someone asks, how is LeBron gonna handle not being the most popular guy on his own basketball team, which has never happened before. So Not being the most powerful guy He is.


That's a change. He Is less relevant. This is the first time he's been less relevant than somebody in his organization ever besides Pat Riley. That's it. That's the only other time he's been on a team where there's a guy who's clearly above him in the pecking order in terms of like, you can't tell ownership anything. Like there's nothing you can do about this guy Luca. Like you, you're, you're irrelevant in comparison to Luca. Like it's a Luca, you're living in Luca's world. Right. Or LeBron, because of the way his brain works and the skills that he has. We'll just figure out an awesome way to be attached to, not quite a sidekick, but like a one, A one B type thing. This is now We're a united front.


Yeah. He'll Treat this like a buddy cop movie, which was the way they tried to do it the first year with Wade. Yeah. In 2011. Joined, Joined media availability every Time was incredible in 2011. Oh like those guys. So good. Those guys were equal as great players that year. LeBron was better than two years before but, but I, you know, that was the last time we've seen at least somebody at the same Yes. Linked with him. Yeah. I think it's interesting that it's a teammate that has a lot of the same bad habits. LeBron has. Luca not too interested in defense. LeBron uninterested in defense. Well, He's been interested when he's No right now. Oh well age 40 of them. If You're 40 plus defense is optional. Like that's just, that's one of the, one of the rules. Both of them can be a little bit.


Guys, I got it. Can you clear out for me at this stage of their careers Sure. How they navigate that. But I, I have no doubt that they're gonna navigate it. But I think it's the discrepancy between these things where I think LeBron is still wildly more popular than Luca Doni. Luca Doni is a huge institution to basketball. Sickos like us. Yes. To the outside world. It's not even comparable. That Won't be the case for very long. That Is true. Someone Luca Jersey is gonna move Someone on the YouTube chat asked for trade grades Before we go Hunter to the Cavs. Cavs, what's a great Bpl? BBBB For the Cavs. Yeah. I think B is fair. I'm going B plus I like Hunter for the hawks B minus, like that's a nothing move.


That's a backwards Move. I might go C just 'cause I don't, I don't see the urgency of it. C two second round. C3 second round picks two swaps. D minus Butler to Golden State. Golden state. I have a That's fair. A minus a minus. Maybe Even a solid a like you have one objective and it's to make a step. Curry team is good as you can, you Got a star when Jimmy's right. He's a star. I said it wasn't a Hail Mary, but it was third and 13th. Oh yeah. To AJ Brown and double coverage. Oh Yeah. 100% Is double coverage. Let's hope AJ Brown gets to play or pass interference. We're trying to get some sort of thing to happen for Miami. What he got? We Miami.


This is a plus. Honestly. This Is a plus. A plus. What were they gonna give for Jimmy no less? Who to be around them? I think for the Miami grade you have to factor in the longer saga. Yeah. He's done. You have to Trade him in the off season. Okay, well okay, we're factoring that. I think that's Part of the deal. Oh then like they should, they should have trade him last summer. Yeah. D think it they get a DI think it's probably a date they're Handling of the, the Jimmy situation as a whole. Yeah. Oh, DFI wanna say it's a D also you gotta Go to summer school And also they might still be the fourth seat in the Eastern conference by the end of the year. Like I think both things are true. But the deal is like as the world exists right now. Yeah. After Jimmy just tanked his value after like you literally couldn't bring the guy back.


Yep. Okay. But like, no, the way they handled managed the Jimmy situation. The F Sorry Pat A minus for the trade F minus for the last six months from that. Yes. And F minus for Jimmy too. Nobody, nobody covered themselves in glory. Mark Williams to the Lakers. What do you got? Lakers Grade B minus Was B for me as well. I think they, they kind of jumped the gun on this one a little bit for a guy who's very unproven. They clearly identified a player they really like And I like him too. I, I just am very spooked by his overall injury. Le le the level of consistent injury concerned with multiple parts of his body is concerning.


I'm going b plus. I think LeBron takes him under his wing, introduces him to the Versa climber and some Pilate shit and all the other stuff LeBron does. But people say This about Christian Wood, they like, we we've Had that conversation. Here's the thing, conversation before, I don't mind trading for injured, injured guys from shitty franchises, although Charlotte seems like they've turned it around a little bit. But this is a guy he is going from like worst possible franchise you could be on. Although they turned around with Charles Lee at least this year to now Lakers big spotlight. But I'm going b plus just 'cause he really jumped out of the TV the last few weeks. Like he's good. He was noticeably impactful on, on both ends even though I'm not positive he knows what he's doing on defense.


Yeah. But he's big. He's got size. He leans on people. If he's around where the rebound is, he's getting it. Like I just think he's A good player also, I wanna say this too, Rob Link is not a good deal maker but the Lakers, No we can't say that anymore because he, he stole Luc Stach from Stop it, stop it. He jet mind tricks his buddy. Stop It. Stop it. The Lakers ability to like recognize talent, young people that have some le level of talent. Yeah. Have more to give. They're scouted. Well they're pretty good at that. Charlotte grade. What do you got Mara? B Plus. I'm gonna go just straight BB Plus For me It's, it's the only reason it's tough for me is like Charlotte is a team that should be betting on upside given where they are in their cycle and so for them to fail, But they've had the guy in their building, They've, they've been through it.


I I give 'em that. But like Dalton Connect is not an upside prospect. Dog Connect is older than Mark Williams. It's, it's not what you want. A rookie. Not always Is he older? He's like two, three years older. I think OI think he's like almost 25. Yeah, He's he's He's, he's a senior citizen rookie. I'm going, I really wanted to do a D but I'm gonna go C because I think Mark Williams was hurting their plan to get Cooper flag at all costs when he is putting up 25 and 16 too good on certain nights too. Get Good The off the roster but gotta Get use of OCH in there. But you make the key point, like if you're a young up and coming team, you kind of want the 22-year-old guy who's two years away from being a free agent who's putting up huge stats.


Like You can afford to see if he can get healthy if you're the Hornets. Even more so than the Lakers can't. Frankly, My fear with the Lakers if I'm them is like, why is Charlotte trading this guy? It's like, Hey you wanna buy my car? Yeah, no it's going, it's running great. You see we just took a, here's some pictures of the road trip. We just went on car's doing good next trade. Brandon ing up to Toronto. I'm gonna start and for Toronto it's a DDD minus D. You failed the cross. I don't have any understanding of why this deal is happening. None. Messiah flew too close to the sun with the title. Dude. He's been the same since for New Orleans. Eh? They got a New Orleans.


If you told me a week ago, PEs got first round pick for Brandon Ingram. I'm giving him a standing ovation. That's like an, that's a BB plus. He plus from me Is Bruce Brown a bio guy and could he be a Denver nugget? Ooh. Ooh. Yeah. Now we're talking now we're now we're cooking. Ooh. I like Bruce Brown. I like Bruce Brown too. He's, he started putting together a little bit. Kelly Olin too. A player who I, I kind of thought might get rerouted by the actual deadline. Yeah. Also could be a bio candidate, but they need big 'cause there. So maybe not Bruce Brown like athletic feature a month from now. Headline money isn't everything. Mm. About Bruce Brown's tough last two years after winning the title. But it Was because But was it worth it If he gets the money and still gets to go back to Denver?


Oh Yeah, there you go. You get, you can have it all. Middleton Kuzma. I'll start Milwaukee. F plus not quite an F minus but an F plus. 'cause I've watched Kuzma play basketball this year. I didn't know They gave F Pluses. Pluses Solid B for me. Solid. Well they got under The cap B Solid. The last charisma fan solidly B, what planet Are you living on? I think Cosma won one. He like looks like a crazy person with the way he dresses and the hair and the tattoos. He's actually a pretty grounded dude. He Posts about RFK Jr all the time. Not this is your, your grounded dude. Listen, a lot of reasonable people are RFK heads, believe it or not all.


Like sorry, like fluoride. We don't, we don't, we don't look, we don't have to agree with everybody who loves RK. I'm just, even if we don't, I'm just, I'm not the Person propping up Kyle Kuzma as the voice of moderation In good sense. This is, I know after two hours we didn't end up in AMA Before basketball. K is gonna get it done y'all all right. All Right. I mean when you miss 73% of your threes, what's not to love trade grades. Did we do New Orleans for this? Yeah, we did. So then I guess Phoenix would be the other one. Nage getting rid of Nage using one of your dumb first that you gave up the 2031 first for getting, getting your fans excited about Martin who's like the 19th swing you've had.


Yeah. Who's like a defense shooter guy? I'm indifferent. Okay. Yeah. About this. No grade. Yeah, No grade is fine. Not applicable. Did not register. And then Memphis, whatever the hell they did with Marcus. Smart. And Just like clearing out players Are incomplete. Who could help them? I don't, I don't understand like just giving up on Marcus Smart being a playoff contributor. If you think if you have designs on being a serious player there, maybe his injuries are so cooked that they don't think he'll be on the floor anyway. That's the only thing that makes sense. They are a potential bio team 'cause they're not over the aprons. So cleared to roster spots have some potential there. Maybe you've Already been on the phone with some folks. Maybe so I wanna say I saw it pop up that I think they took back Marvin Bagley, Mark Smart to the Celtics.


Oh, are we allowed to buy out? We're not allowed to get bio guys. I don't believe so. No. Yeah. Fuck. I think they're over the second apron, so, damn. No bio Is Way too expensive. The apron just ruins everything by the Way. Except gave us the weirdest, craziest trade that line. True in the history of the league. Yeah, you're probably right. Wait, Sacramento, San Antonio, the Fox for Fox. I have an A plus for San Antonio and like a C for Sacramento and then it solid For F for Chicago. F Solid for San Antonio. Yep. I'm there. I think B for Sacramento. Like I, I don't know, I thought the hall was good. The, the Bulls, but they got back for Levine and just making themselves a part of this trade. Like that's, I called it a hill of beans.


Rob said it was a stump of beans. What Was something less than a hill? What was the Vince Carter trade when Toronto got back? Like Alonza mourning. But he had kidney issues. Yes. Yeah. With Eric Williams and then some other terrible contract and like two bad firsts When the, It's always bad when you're taking the bad contracts back in trade. Yeah. And for the only benefit being your own pick that you were gonna keep anyway because your team is bad. The pick was Protected. Like you were gonna keep it. The pick was tough too. Protect. So yeah. F for the Bulls and what they got was, yo take the protection off. We're, we're one of the five worst teams in the league. Take the protection Off. I think the, I think the Kings did. All right. I'm gonna give the kings like a solid B.


Especially under the circumstances. B, they didn't have a lot to work with. Under duress. Under duress. Before we go, Luca Dridge getting traded. What's your best Luca Duch trade that you think would've been a better trade for Dallas than the trade they made Player for Player? I think it's gotta be a pack. It would have to be like a Houston Hall or, or a Memphis Hall. Yeah. It would've been like, yeah, the only thing that would've made people happy was six years of picks, you know, owning somebody's draft picks from now till Timbuk two and some young guys that are nice. So I don't know. Houston making the money work. A man Thompson bunch of picks in the future.


Can't, you can't keep 'em in Texas though. You can't. Well Like sending them to the Lakers and Back. You don't trade them to your San Antonio Easter are out. You can't keep 'em in Texas. Mm. Who says no? Who says no? Tatum. Luca. If you know Dallas is trading Luca Boston. I don't, I don't, I don't think Boston would do it. I agree. I just wanted to make sure I wasn't MA Homer ally. It's, I mean obviously Luca's a much better player, but karmically that's just a, that's a disgusting move. Karmically. It's almost like if you go to the finals, don't blow up the superstar core of the team that just went, you know, like that's what a crazy thought be. Like you leaving your wife with Sydney Sweeney, You're trying to get a reaction.


Everybody would think that was insane of you. Come on. Bam and Hero and every Miami pick for, for Luca and a contract. No, I don't Like, I don't like that. But you know what I would like is listening to all these offers. I would love, I'm just, if I were the Mavericks to sit there and actually field them, Would I was like, would Minnesota trade and Edwards for Luca Don, I would 100% Love and Edwards, I would absolutely trade him for Lus. But the problem is, if you're trading for Luca, you also have to factor in will he wanna stay in a year and a half? That's The thing. That's what Nico Harrison's trying to say guys, about all of these picks and all of these great trades that were out there. That's what Nico Harrison's trying to explain to you guys. That's why the Only, what he's trying to explain is the defense wins championships.


Apparently the Only one that makes sense from a basketball standpoint that I think would've been six hour meetings on both sides is Giannis. Yeah, yeah. For Both sides. And I get, if you're in Milwaukee, you probably don't do it. 'cause it's like, well why would Luca resign here a year and a half? You Trade. But fundamentally for what he wanted from the trade, which was size and rim protection, Giannis is the better version of Davis. All N-B-A-M-V-P kind of guy win now. Yes. I still feel like if this trade was Reeves Davis 29 and 31 in two swaps, Different conversation. It's still not Enough. It's, but at least it's like's. Oh see it. They don't feel like they can resign. Yeah, yeah, Yeah.


That's a lot. A super convo. Yeah. Whatever they got, wasn't it? Thanks to Mical Ultra, they sponsored our, our little YouTube live thingy. A superior light beer, the official beer sponsor of the NBA also, what should Say Happy birthday to wa. Thank you. Today. Today, today's my birthday. Happy Birthday to our colleagues series to Sohi as well. We got you. Kyle Uzman Here. Oh yeah. Shout to here. Sohi. My birth birthday twin. We never get our love. Oh, sear it. Yes. We never get our love in The Ringer slack. Oh, on the birthday love. So called out. We're doing it right now. Live on the Bill Simmons trade deadline Special. Wow. What a, what a weird way to end the pie.


Happy birthday. What happens tonight? You and Luca? Just going out. Going out. Just making bad food and drink choices. Going out for steaks tonight. So yeah man, that'll be it. Just a steak dinner. That's, that's my birthday today. Oh yeah. That's actually what I do every birthday. Mm. What part of Los Angeles do you think Luca Duch will live in with the limited information you have about things that he likes? I like this As like a personality test. Ooh, Yeah. Things that he, I mean, realistically he should move to Beverly Hills 'cause it's close to all the things that he's going to like. Mm. Socially it is not gonna be in Beverly Hills itself, but Beverly Hills is adjacent to where a lot of these things happen.


So yeah. What's the hookah? Proximity? Somewhere in the hookah proximity is close. Okay. Somewhere in the Beverly, the hills of Beverly Hills. 'cause Brentwood is, is is too far from the action, to be honest with you. Brentwood is too far. Bel Air is too, is a little bit too secluded as well. What's another one that folks, he, he's clearly not an east sider. He's not gonna move with the freaking Hollywood East side people. I think he's a Beverly Hills guy. All right. Caveat. They practice in No Segundo. Mm mm He's 25 Mm. Has mentioned the beach and the ocean a couple times. Yes.


So I guess that is a, a Brent, Brent Brentwood is, you know, you get the crib and you get to be closer to the ocean. I don't think he moves to like, what are you thinking? Like Manhattan Beach type Of thing. I was, I was wondering could he be like a, like where the, like that's where the hockey players live, right? The, that La Kings live and like Manhattan. Hermosa IL's there. Luke is, Luke is not a, a hockey guy. He's a, he's a different, he's a, he's an NBA guy. Let's just, I dunno, let's just put it like that. I see him in the bay for a year to, while he figures it out. Mm, I I don't think he's gonna, do You think you run into Luca Don in LA at two in the morning at a club in the next two months? Yes. You think so? Yes. Yes.


And maybe not a club, but like, you know, one of the, you know one of the things my guys at H would do, I could see him being an H Wood guy. A hundred percent. I'll have to take your word for it. 100%. Do you think, and it's not gonna be like a nightclub loud music, blah blah blah, but like, you know like a lounge. Leo's gonna be there. Mm. Is there a world where Luca lives with Rob and his wife? If Rob Moved to LA Hypothetical Rob just, Rob gets a guest house in the back of his Brentwood Estate. Luca gets to Big Hole. Would It Beeth, would it be ethical, unethical for you to live in the guest house of Luca Don's Brentwood estate? I Think I would officially have to give up my awards vote if I'm living in Luca Don's house.


Listen, first of all, that's fair. Fair. I'm glad you're open About it. You know there are media members in LA who that's open to, but they do not work for The Ringer dot com. I promise you that. We stand up for Journalism here. Yeah, we try, you Know, because Everyone but Conspiracy Bill, We're gonna be holding these guys feet to the fire Speaking Truth to Power may be living in their guest house. Guys, I had a blast. Happy birthday wise. Thank you. Thanks to everybody behind the scenes and thanks to everybody listens. Thanks for the questions too. We're gonna take a break. I'm gonna come back with million dollar Super Bowl picks.


This episode is brought to you by LinkedIn in basketball, a blockbuster trade can make or break your playoff run before the deadline. GMs across the league scour for the right data and insights, hoping their moves pay off. February 6th Trade deadline this year by the way, just like in basketball, growing your small business in 2025 all comes down to how well you can build your team. That starts with better insights from LinkedIn with unique skills and interests to the connections you have in common. LinkedIn has the strongest hiring data and insights to help you identify the right professionals so you can make the best hiring decisions. LinkedIn pairs you with the high quality candidates you need to make your business grow and flourish. LinkedIn also lets you go beyond candidates who are actively applying in a given week. 171 million LinkedIn members aren't actively seeking jobs but they are open to new opportunities Who isn't? That's a big pool of people you don't wanna miss out on. And who knows, one of them could be your next all Star player. So hire smarter in the new year. Find your next great hire and LinkedIn. Post your job for free at LinkedIn dot com slash simmons. Once again LinkedIn dot com slash simmons to post your job for free. Terms and conditions apply.


This episode is brought to you by Rocket Money. You sign up for something, forget about after the trial period ends, then you're charged month after month after month. The subscriptions are there but you're not using them. In fact, I just learned that 85% of people have at least one paid subscription going unused each month. Thanks to Rocket Money. You can see all your subscriptions in one place. Cancel the ones you're not using anymore. Now you're saving money. Rocket Money is a personal finance app that helps find and cancel your unwanted subscriptions. You have so many of these monitors your spending and helps lower your bills so you can grow your savings. See all of your subscriptions in one place. Know exactly where your money is going. For ones you don't want anymore. Rocket Money can help you cancel them. Rocket Money. Over five million users, they've saved a total of 500 million in canceled subscriptions. Saving members up to $740 a year and using all the apps premium features, cancel your unwanted subscriptions, reach your financial goals faster with Rocket Money. Go to Rocket Money dot com slash bill today. That's Rocket Money dot com slash bill.


This episode is brought to you by Pepcid Complete. We all know that one of the best parts of game day is the food on Sundays Nephew, Kyle comes over. Sometimes we'll get healthy, we'll get some salads. Sometimes we'll get a little ambitious, we'll get some sandwiches. It's always the best part of my food week. Well, until heartburn strikes then it's not as great. You get heartburn from time to time. Gotta watch out. You don't wanna be rolling around in bed all night. Thankfully Pepcid Complete starts to work instantly. It lasts all day. Just one great tasting chewable tablet provides dual action heartburn relief with an an acid that starts working instantly and an acid reducer that lasts all day. So you can stay focused on that second sandwich, that second. Second helping a salad not Harper. Visit pepsid.com to shop now all day based on eight hour symptom relief Studies during the day. Use product only as directed.


Alright, million Dollar Picks Super Bowl edition presented by a FanDuel sports book. We don't have house this week because he is in New Orleans. He's hanging out with Sal and with Van and all these ringer dudes, the fantasy guys and it just hurts my feelings. He didn't have time for us. I'm gonna carry on. I have a bunch of stuff I like but I wanted to talk big picture about what I was seeing from the game because I stared at this game I know for 10 days And I just kept thinking Philly has more talent. Philly has talent. Philly's better all over the place. The only things that you wouldn't give Philly the advantage are coaching QB pedigree in in late game crunch time situations. So I thought I was gonna take Philly for about a week and then I thought about more and more I went to the playoff gambling manifesto. I looked at all the rules. Rule number one, first rule, beware of the looked a little too good the previous playoff round team that was Philly going against this Washington team that already was probably lucky to make the conference title game to begin with and then had a couple big injuries and Philly looked awesome. Rule number five. But where are the, everybody believes in us team and then nobody believes in our QB but US team. So Casey's a little bit of the, everybody believes in US team just 'cause everybody's like Casey, you can't go against Mahomes. Philly's got a touch of the, nobody believes in our QB but US stuff. Although I don't know, Hertz is making 50 million a year and he gets taken high in fantasy drafts and people know he is good. So Casey a little bit Philly a little bit, but I'm not too sold on any of them. Rule number 10, when in doubt gravitate toward one pick that would screw over the most gamblers and experts and would definitely go against the single worst gambler. You know, again, there's some KC stuff I still feel with the with people. Just the infrastructure three P Don't go against Mahomes. I still feel like when we get closer to game time, I think this line's gonna move. I think it's gonna move toward Philly right now. It's still KC minus one and half. So I don't think this comes into play. There is a prop that I wanna hit when we do props that I think qualifies for rule number 10. Rule number 16, take one last look at the quarterbacks. And remember there's plenty of time to debate against any QB or coach except for the Super Bowl where you don't have a lot of time. Take one last look at the quarterbacks. Mahomes hurts. What happens in a three point game with nine minutes left and Casey's down three and they have the ball and they driving and you realize, you bet on Philly and you didn't have Patrick Mahomes and Andy Reed. You just have to factor that in. And you also have to factor in rule number 17. Don't try to be a hero, just try to win money. The hero move is to take Philly and to say this has been the best team when you think about it, they only had three losses they could have. There were three plays away basically from being undefeated for the season. They're loaded everywhere. They're gonna lay the smack down and the only reason you're not gonna take them is because of Mahomes and Reed. The counter is, Casey has just been spectacular at winning close games against teams where they do all the little things correctly and they make the little coaching decisions correctly and they always get one little break around halftime when the other team does something stupid and maybe there's a bad special teams player, they get one fumble. They always kind of hang around, hang around, hang around and take care of business in the fourth quarter like they did with


Buffalo. Mahomes is 17 and three in the playoffs career. He's 17 and zero in the last 17. One. Score games dead. Zero means no losses. This team just takes care of business all the time over and over again. Meanwhile, Philly, their best wins this year. Green Bay, twice Washington. They went two in one. Baltimore they beat by five and Cincy. So the record is awesome. The stats are awesome. The fact that they're three plays away from being undefeated is notable. Their defense has looked great and yet you can make the case. Casey has just had a much tougher schedule, a much bigger bullseye in them and over and over again has delivered. So I was trying to think, I always try to do this for the Super Bowl I do scenarios.


Best case, worst case. 'cause I was started leaning toward the chiefs over the weekend. Best case scenario, comparing the chiefs to Brady and the Pats because I think there's a lot of similarities including like the infrastructure, the coach, the experience, and big games. All the veterans you have just the ability to just pull out these close games over and over again. What Brady Super Bowl win would this be like for Mahome? And I settled on Patriots 28, Seattle 24, ironically 10 year anniversary of that game this week. Really great YouTube clip that they Patriots put up with all this extended audio and video stuff from the game. I watched the whole thing. I made my dad watch it.


I think it's probably my favorite Patriots win of all the wins that has the Malcolm Butler game. Anyway, they're down 10, they win the game by 4 28 to 24. It was a pick them line. So similar to this 47 for the over under, pretty close to this. It was a game that had 10 punts, three turnovers, seven touchdowns and a field goal. So 10 possessions on each side. That feels a little similar to what I think the game's gonna go on Sunday. Patriots couldn't really run the ball. 21 for 57 running it, but 37 for 50 for 3 28 passing. That feels like what's gonna happen in this game for them. I don't think they're gonna be able to run the ball that well against the Eagles. And I think the Eagles are gonna try to try to push them to do short medium passes.


Just keep trying to move the ball downfield and eventually where they're gonna get a sack or a tip or we'll break up a place something. But just take your time going down the field. Seattle on the other side in that game. 29 for 1 62 from the run for the run. Which kind of feels like what might happen with Barclay. They were 12 for 21 passing for 2 47. That feels in the ballpark of what usually happens within a Hertz Eagles game. The Pats were eight for 13 on third down. Big time of possession for them, 33 46 because it was a lot of the short medium completions that just kept the clock moving. Brady ended up 37 50 for 3 28. So close game they had to throw the ball out because they weren't able to run it.


And then they took care of business down the stretch. And then Malcolm Butler came up with the most famous play in the history of the Super Bowl. I think that if the Chiefs win, I don't think it's a big win. I don't think they win by 10 plus. I think the game is tight in the fourth quarter and they pull it out. All right, what would be the the worst version of the game for the chiefs? What bad Mahomes loss would this be? Like That's obvious. That's Bucks 31 Chiefs nine. That was the Super Bowl result. KC favored by three, they ran the ball a little bit in that game. 17 for 1 0 7, 26 for four nine passing Mahomes was okay, but he had a couple turnovers and then Tampa ran the ball on them. 33 for 1 45, only eight in completions for Brady.


No turnovers took a big lead, held them off, took over the game in that second half with their pass rush and Casey just couldn't do anything. Nine points. I'm a little scared of that result for this. And I think if you're taking, if you're taking the Eagles, you're almost better off taking them by 10 plus. That's the, they're not, I don't think winning a close game against Mahomes in the Chiefs in the fourth quarter, which makes me think if you're taking the Eagles, just take the minus nine and a half at plus three 50 and get some juice on it and root for a game like that. Bucks game, the 31 to nine game.


I am looking at this as a chiefs win and a nailbiter of a game. There's some advantages for the Eagles. Number two, eliminating explosive plays according to show Cap. Padia, really good tackling team. And then they have that recipe that used to work against Brady in the past And I think the Eagles have it where you just rush to four, they're constantly pushing the pocket and then you have the other seven guys can basically be doing all kinds of, you know, are they blitzing, are they bouncing back, are they pretending to blitz and then blitzing. That's what used to frustrate Mahomes. So I I, I Brady. So I feel like there's some recipe stuff here, but ultimately I just can't take, I can't take her over Mahomes And I can't take Ani against Reed.


And if anything has taught us about this chiefs team over the years, they just benefit from dumb shit from the other teams or just the play. You shouldn't have made the moment that you can't believe this happened and it's just, it always works out for them. I'm not gonna talk about the refs. So here's what I'm doing for a million Dollar Picks. We lost 211,000 last week. We are still up $1.071 million for this season. I'm gonna try to double it. We're gonna bet 500 K in the chiefs minus one and a half. We are gonna bet a 250 K parlay. Listen to this one Eagles plus eight and a half Mahomes, 200 plus passing yards under 60.5 points.


So it's a little bit of a hedge against that Chiefs minus one and a half. 'cause I think the game's gonna be close and I'm gonna try to middle it with that parlay and that parlay is dead even on Fandel. So doing those two and then 50 K on the following Super Bowl props ready, Hertz anytime, touchdown minus one 15. I just, at some point the tush push is happening near the goal line. That's just the way this goes. Mahomes over five and a half carries minus 1 28. You go back, you look at all the Super Bowl, Al And I talked about this on the Super Bowl. Props, he uses his legs in every big game and even if he doesn't get to five and a half carries it's five instead of five and a half.


So the odds are in your favor on this, especially if they're gonna rush for and he's gonna be able to scramble around and buy himself some time. Think about the Eagles defense if they get a little tired in the fourth quarter, who knows? I just think he gets the six carries. I like that a little more than the yards because the yards, if they had the lead, the kneel downs start cutting in the yard total not doing that. Mahomes over 11 and a half yards for biggest rush taking that. I'm also taking Hertz over 11 and a half yards for his biggest rush figure. One of those guys is rushing for 12 yards, maybe hit both. Worst case scenario you split 'em Chris Jones sack plus 1 36, we talked about this on Sunday. Line pushes, forward hurts, holds the ball, holds it too long and then all of a sudden Jones gets them.


Both teams get a fourth down conversion minus 1 24. I think there's probably gonna be a point in this game where both teams have to get a little bit aggressive because they're gonna be worried about what happens if the other team gets the ball back. So even fourth and ones fourth and twos, I just think both teams are getting a fourth down conversion. And then we have a boost on FanDuel that I'm just gonna jump on for 50 K KC wins Mahomes over 225 yards of passing, which you can use to profit boost token and go nuts on. And then I have some small 20 5K Super Bowl props. Mahomes 40 plus Rush Yards is plus 180. I like that one because if, if I'm betting on his rush over, I might as well just go for it and think he's gonna go like eight for 45 whatever Eagle's, first half Eagles to win the first half Chiefs to win the game.


Plus seven 50, this is the cousin South special can see it happening. So we're putting 20 5K on it. I think this is gonna be a tight game. I did not think the Chiefs run away with this by any means. And I could totally see the Eagles winning in the first half, so we'll fly on that. And last but not least, going back to the manifesto, no Barkley touchdown as plus one 50 and at FanDuel they were saying, I heard through the grapevine this is the least bet Super Bowl prop. So you wanna have the prop that everyone is betting the other side on plus one 50, we're putting 20 5K on that and those are the million Dollar Picks Super Bowl edition. Don't forget Sunday night, me and cousins Sal, at some point after the Super Bowl ends, we'll be going, we'll be going full tilt on everything that happened in the game.


We're not going live on YouTube, but it will be on this podcast. We'll get the video up as fast as possible on YouTube. So there you go. All right, that's it for the podcast. Thanks to Kyle Creon and Sar, Rudy and Gaal for producing. Don't forget you can watch all the videos and clips from this podcast on the Bill Simmons YouTube channel. You can also check out the re watchable and The Ringer Movies YouTube channel or on the re watchable feed we did before Sunset. We have a Monster movie coming on Monday, a movie that was always on the short list. So stay tuned for that. I'm not gonna tell you what it is. You don't need to know what it is because you've seen it. So there you go. I'll be back on Sunday after the Super Bowl.


We're not going live, but we will be doing a Super Bowl reaction pod with Cousin Sal. The final podcast of the year. Don't forget to consume all of our NFL content on The Ringer Podcast Network on The Ringer dot com. We're doing some great stuff. We have a bunch of people down in New Orleans. Enjoy the weekend. Enjoy the game. See you soon. Night Must be 21 plus in President select states for Kansas and affiliation with Kansas Star Casino or 18 plus and President DC gambling problem.


Call 100 gambler. Visit rg help.com. Call 1 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org/chat in Connecticut. Or visit md gambling help.org in Maryland. Hope is here. Visit gambling help line ma.org or call 8 3 2 7 50 50 for twenty four seven. Support Massachusetts, or call 1 8 7 7 8 Hope NY or Text Hope NY in New York.


This episode is brought to you by hookah. I've gotta talk to you guys about the Bondi nine, the new daily trainer from a hookah. The Bondi nine delivers peak plushness for everyday miles overhauled from top to bottom. They've increased the stack height and added a new premium foam midsole to deliver that soft, resilient ride that's become synonymous with the Bondi. And look, I walk a lot. I walk all round LA. You need good shoes for that. These are perfect everybody Bondi. Visit hookah.com H Hoka dot com to learn more about the Bondi nine.


This episode is brought to you by LinkedIn in basketball. Blockbuster trade can make or break your playoff run before the deadline. GMs across the league scour for the right data and insights. Hope their moves pay off. February 6th trade deadline this year. By the way, just like in basketball, growing your small business in 2025 all comes down to how well you can build your team. That starts with better insights from LinkedIn with unique skills and interests to the connections you have in common. LinkedIn has the strongest hiring data and insights to help you identify the right professionals so you can make the best hiring decisions. LinkedIn pairs you with the high quality candidates you need to make your business grow and flourish. LinkedIn also lets you go beyond candidates who are actively applying in a given week. 171 million LinkedIn members aren't actively seeking jobs, but they are open to new opportunities who isn't? That's a big pool of people you don't wanna miss out on. And who knows, one of them could be your next all Star player. So hire smarter in the new year. Find your next great hire and LinkedIn. Post your job for free at LinkedIn dot com slash simmons. Once again, LinkedIn dot com slash Simmons to post your job for free terms and conditions apply.