
This is a true story. I have a friend who once faked his own death so he could have more time to watch his favorite TV show. In my new podcast Truth List, I'm talking to people about the lies they tell from forging new identities to taking their love of Game of Thrones. A little too far from Spotify and The Ringer Podcast Network. I'm Brian Phillips. Listen to truth list on Spotify or wherever you get your podcasts.


This Episode of The Bill. Simmons Podcast is brought to you by RayBan Meta Smart Glasses built with meta ai. RayBan meta smart glasses react to what you see so you can learn more about the world around you. you can also take hands free photos, videos, send messages, make video calls, even play music and podcasts straight from your glasses with Ray Band Meta.


This episode is brought to you by State Farm. State Farm helps you score an affordable price when you choose to bundle home and auto insurance with the personal price plan bundling home and auto. That's a pro move. Just another way you can save on your insurance needs. Talk to a State Farm agent today to learn how you can bundle and save with the personal price plan like a good neighbor. State Farm is there. Prices are based on rating plans that vary by state coverage. Options are selected by the customer availability. Amount of discounts and savings and eligibility vary by state.


We're also brought to you by The Ringer Podcast Network Put up a new re watchable on Monday night. We did meet the parents. We have a sports movie coming next Monday night. Maybe I'll give some hints over the weekend on the re watchable Twitter feeds. Stay tuned for that. Hey, if you miss part one of today's podcast, me and Big was, and then Van Lathan joined us. We talked basketball, we talked Knicks and bulls. We talked about the NBA's popularity these days with why the Raiders are going down, and yet the interest seems to be up. And that conversation went in a whole bunch of directions, as it so often does when Van gets involved. But we also talked about Mike Tyson and the Big Fight Coming up this weekend in four decades of having Mike Tyson in our lives.


So that was part one. Part Two's a little simpler. Joe House is gonna come on at the very top. We're gonna be talking about the Washington Philadelphia Thursday night game, the biggest NFC game game involving Washington in a long, long time. And then house goes away. I bring in Nate Tyson from Yahoo. We talk about Drake May 'cause he's on Drake May Island with me. And then we talk about the five things he's been the most excited about over the course of the season. Really fun football convo, and then bringing house back in to do million dollar picks. And by the way, it's first our friends from Pearl Jam.


All right, taping this first part of the podcast. It is almost eight 30 Pacific Time. Joe House is here. His favorite team. The Washington Sea Words was seven and 2:00 AM mere five days ago, and it's now seven and four after two losses in five days, I listened to you on a very good show called East Coast Bias on The Ringer gambling show today. And you were saying it, it felt a little early for Washington in a game like this. So make make the same case you made 12 hours ago on that show. Well, I've had a couple drinks, just to be blunt about it, right from the top. So I'll be able to get half of it, right. Is It drunk?


Is it drunk house or just Buzz? Slightly. Overserved house. Buzz House, okay. Buzzed. Yeah. Buzz House. I, I'll say this, this Washington team has now lost four games on the season. All of their losses are to playoff teams from last year. Hmm. None of none of their losses came to teams that they were forecasted to beat. They have a against their three toughest competitors, all one score games. So it's, this whole season is a silver lining season and Washington just isn't quite good enough yet. They don't have good enough players. They have good players and kudos to the front office and the coaching staff and everybody to put out the first competitive team that we've seen here in Washington.


Now, we did make the playoffs a handful of years ago with Ron Rivera with a team that finished under 500. I don't Remember that. Did did make the playoffs in 2015. Did we bet against Ron Rivera when he made the playoffs with under 500 too? We must have. Oh, I mean, it it's luck of the century. We had to have, I hope we Did. Yeah. Yeah. I hope we did. But you know, for two and a half, three, three and a half quarters, Washington was in this game. Washington looked fine. Well, you Know why you didn't win? Because your quarterback's hurt. Yeah. That's the other part of it. I said this on, on the show. One of my favorite bets for this evening was Jane Daniels under 43 and a half rushing yards.


He can't run right now because he is hurt. He's, he's protecting his ribs. The team's protecting him. Yeah. The point isn't to win in week 11. The point is to win enough games to make it to the playoffs. I think they need to win three more games. The schedule sets up nice. We have a nice, Let's, let's go through it. Yeah. You're, you're home Dallas, home Tennessee. Next two, great. Keep it favored by five, five and a half against Dallas, seven against Tennessee. You get a bi week at New Orleans home Philly home Atlanta at Dallas. Again, you get Dallas twice when it looks like they're punting on the season. It's wonderful. Couldn't be.


So you Might get to 11 wins anyway. Yeah. And, and I think in the NFC, you get to Ted's great chance of of, of getting in there and this little mini buy can't be overrated. Right. They go from this Thursday night game, which I hate, I hate a divisional game on a Thursday night. But now they, they have the, the rest we're gonna get Marshawn Latimer, we're gonna get, you know, Jayden Daniels. Hopefully those eight days are, are meaningful to his recovery. The, the offensive lines a little dinged up. Cliff Kingsbury doesn't think so because he thinks that we should try the shorty yardage rushing plays that the Eagles there were eight shorty yardage rushing plays. This is, I'll just do my kingsbury bit for 10 seconds.


Mm. Eight eight. Shorty yarders rushing plays for Washington. They amassed a total of negative one rushing yards. Is it second half cliff or do we have second half cliff in our lives? Are you talking second half of the season or second half of a game or both? All of the above. All the above, sadly. So If Clint, if Cliff was a baseball pitcher, he'd be the, I don't wanna see the lineup. A third time guy. I'm tapping my right arm. I'm tapping. You're bringing, you're bringing in Who's the Coordinated Relief. Yes, exactly. Well, that was the key part of the game was when it was what second and one, it felt like an Eagle War game. I was sweating out an Eagles tees and an Eagles parlay second in one stuff, third in one stuffed, let's go for it.


On fourth and two fumbled handoff. Daniels tackled three yards away from line of scrimmage. And, and that flipped the game. I thought, you know, and maybe I had some PTSD from last year with Jalen Hurtz, but I think it was the Giants last year, I can't remember that. With that game, the Eagles murdered literally every tease on the planet when Hertz threw that last interception into like five guys. and it was like, oh, I bet on the Eagles, they're in the one game this year when Jalen Hertz is just, looks terrible. And like he has seven injuries. It felt like that today in the first half. It felt like he doesn't look right.


What's going on here? Are they hiding an injury? His body language gets weird. You know, he starts getting a little hang doish, he start, he's a little slow to get up after it gets knocked down. Your defense was flying around and I I, yeah, I felt like maybe you could steal like a 13 to 10 type game. It was sitting there for a while and then Saquon Barkley took over And, and that defense, you know, got God bless him. It's all, you know, retreads and, and guys that are haven't established themselves with, with much in the way of, of pedigree yet. Frankie Lvu is awesome. Bobby Wagner has pedigree do's Not Bad.


Aren't strong Not, yeah, yeah, yeah. And there's like, you know, like five or six guys who've established, but you know, you still have St Juice out on the corner. The kid from Michigan now that looks like the steel of, of the draft sand was still incredible. They went at him with both AJ Brown and, and Smith. And he, he, he was with the same route and he was there for both of them. So, knock on wood, how did, it's a, it's a, it's good. This is good team in progress. How did you feel about Dan Quinn's arms up in the air we're up by seven on a Thursday net game with a chance to blow every parlay and teaser, double fist pump scream reactions. Like, at least from, from a character standpoint, he seems like he'd be a fun coach to have, considering your last coach was basically who is more dead?


Him or Joe Biden, in retrospect, Ron Rivera, Joe Biden, Ron Rivera, I mean, respectfully. Ron Rivera did just beat cancer last Season. Oh, now why did, why did that have to be the retort? Respectfully? I was setting you up for a Biden joke and now you have to get all serious on me. Jesus. Wait, We're we're way by it. We're way past the, Is there video of Ron Rivera walking in the beach in Delaware? Like Biden or no, Maybe, maybe the two of them hand in hand together. Who knows? Notice, Notice Biden's wife didn't put her arm out. She maybe, maybe help the old man as he's trying to navigate some sand. Jesus, There, there is, there isn't a lot of physical contact between those two ever since it became clear that he wasn't gonna run for president again.


You can't, you can't catch those two together in a single camera frame. Yeah, it's tough, tough times. We'll see how it goes. Okay, so big picture, I would've said Philly was maybe my number one draft pick for the other NFC title spot against Detroit. Something's missing and I don't know what it is now. Granted, their kicker today, they scored 26 points and their kicker missed two field goals and a PAT. So really they could have been in the thirties, but I don't know what it is. But they, they have not won me over as the second team yet. The problem is, I don't know who the second team is. Like we could have the Green Bay conversation. Maybe we'll know more this week. Maybe this is the week San Francisco gets going.


Maybe Minnesota will start looking again like they did in September. Go on and on. But I just dunno who the team is. I still think it's Philly. And I think that they remain a work in progress themselves. You have to remember, like this is, and they made a point of it on the, on the broadcast, Alan Kirk, you know, America's favorite Thursday night couple. They, you know, fan's, defense takes a little while for guys to get, they have two outstanding guys in that secondary Quin and Marshall and, and Deje. Yeah. And those guys are, are, are, are clearly, you know, getting it. Jalen Carter had a dominant game tonight against the Washington offensive line.


That's been a, a revelation. So I think as they put it together, defensively, ultimately they won that game with, with, with their defense. Right. That's what we would say. And I, I, I mean I haven't seen anything outta San Francisco. It San Francisco keeps trotting out the 30th ranked special teams. Get the F outta here that what, what they did last week. Is It, isn't it worse than 30th? It was 30th before all the shenanigans last week. Well, there was a lot Of, they must have dropped. There was a lot of bad special teams though. I mean, Atlanta's kicker. I'm, and it three missed field goals. But in, in any event, as you go down the list on the NFC side there, there's, it's a lot easier to poke holes than express confidence.


I I, I think on both sides of the ball, the Eagles are, are ru are the second best. Yeah, probably by default. But I don't feel good about it. Okay. It's only week 11. Remember we're this, this is, this Is is a marathon. How many FFC teams would you take over the second NFC team? Hmm. I would take the Buffalo Bills. Buffalo Casey, would you take both of them? Yeah, Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, for sure. The, probably the Ravens, I Don't know. I would take the Ravens. Ravens are close. Ravens both. Would you rather Be the Chargers or the Eagles? Oh, definitely the Eagles. No, no, no. Come on. We're not there yet. The Chargers just just discovered that they have two, two receivers that they can Use. Would you rather be the Steelers or the Eagles Eagles those weapons on the outside?


I Think I'd rather be the Steelers because the, the Ani factor, which did not rear its ugly head tonight because maybe on Thursday nights is fair. Vacation's better enough. Enough, but Fair enough. So your team's, I'm guessing a playoff team still. Yeah, Royal's. I don't see a scenario where that doesn't happen unless, unless Daniel's is really hurt. But even now you're seven and three. Seven and four. I'm sorry, se you're seven and four. You have a one game lead over Green Bay, who's number three in the NFC North? Nobody in the NFC South catching you. And then in the NFC West Arizona six and four is San F five and four. And the Rams, who we touted a couple weeks ago who now are in a must win spot against my guy Drake May in the Pats.


Yep. So you're 10 wins feels like it gets into the playoffs, right? I agree. Yeah. I think it's 10 wins in the NFC and I, I like our chances, you know, I think I'm cautiously optimistic. Has this been a good season for rehabilitating your Washington commander relationships in your life? I mean, look, I'm wearing the hat. What kind of text threads are you on? How many? I've seven different Washington text threads. Are you on A half dozen? At, at at least. And it's unbridled exuberance. Like, you know, we have a football team. We're, we're everybody's, you know, in, in my conversations it's around what the future might hold and everything begins with this quarterback.


We must keep this kid healthy. But if, if we have that foundational piece, then it's been demonstrated, especially in his rookie year, in his first 11 games, in his rookie year, he's showing that he belongs in the upper echelon. You get that, that you have a window. And if you have a window, you better jump through it in this modern NFL. Right? We have the next segment. I'm talking to Nate Teis about Drake May. It's the exact same situation. Yeah. We were like, wow, we now have, I I even when this happened with Brady for the Pats and even in with Bledso in the nineties, but I I I was way younger with having my, my history of football knowledge and just how important a quarterback was.


You're like, oh, we'll we'll get a quarterback when you get older and you realize how rare it is, and then you get one of these guys, it's like the number one thing you'd want in any sport. Well, and it and in this iteration of the NFL, this version, yeah. Because of the way the salary caps configured, getting the, the most important player on the team at the cheapest possible price and then trying to build around. It's why I admired what Houston did in the off season, this most recent off season. And try in terms of trying to add, she's Got aggressive. You gotta go, you gotta go. The time is now if you have a quarterback like this, so I expect Washington with Adam Peters G it's like what the, what the Wizards are gonna do with Bub Carrington.


Yes. Same thing. Very similar. Now that you have your foundational piece, he's the guy. Now you gotta and Jordan Pool. Now you have that one two punch. Oh, You Had to do you to pull 42 points last night. Why? Why? Why'd you have to say do that? He had 42 points last night. All he did, you know what? That man did delivered a cover. You know, the line was 10 and Washington lost by nine. Jesus, jp I think we're in the heyday of betting on it's Party, baby. It's a pool party. We're in the heyday of betting on huge underdogs in the NBA right now. You notice that like the fucking whatcha you call it, Hawks were 16 point underdogs and just went into Boston and beat them. I don't even, there might not even been a money line in the game.


This three point variance. It's like, it, it's insane to lay that many points with any team. All right, anything else in this game? Because we're gonna take a break and bring you back later for a million dollar picks. Unless you have anything else. No, I'm pleased. This, you know, they, they, they wish competitive. Good, happy. Let's move on. Let's get, let's get to 10 wins. Okay. House before we send you packing and bringing Nate Tice. I love the NBA cup. You also love the NBA cup. Correct? Oh, not only do I love it, I gave out a beautiful group CC cup parlay on the fan sports Book. I heard that. It's all The social baby. The C cup parlay.


I love the cup. You kidding me? What was the C cup? Parlay The, the, the Cavaliers to win group C in the east and the Warriors to win Group C in the West. West plus 4 85 baby Sea cup. Well, you know what makes the NBA cup even better than the Sea Cup Parley A ringer Profit Boost token on FanDuel, which you could throw that house bet on right now. We told FanDuel we wanna celebrate the NBA cup, give out some profit boost. So what did we do? We created the 30 on 30 ringer profit boost. Token boost, any 30 plus point score bet on the Friday NBA cup slate. And that's any 30 plus point score that has minus 200 odds or higher is eligible for a 30% profit boost.


Is your team playing in this on Friday? I don't know. Are they? You can feel the excitement with the BA cup. Yeah. Your team's playing Atlanta. Oh, congrats. Do you Have a 30 point score you wanna do? Yeah, That's a, that's the only team Washington his beat this year. Let's say Bilal Bali drops a 30 piece. Oh my god. I can't even imagine what the odds on that would be. Cool. Bali 30 piece baby should be Cool. Bali. I wonder if FanDuel, do they even have the odds for that? Probably not because his career high is like 27 More wagers. Oh, look at this player points. Oh, they don't have Kula Bali. How dare they? They Have, how about Trey Young, Jordan Pool, Kyle Cosman or Jalen Johnson.


Could, could Jordan Pool have 30 points against the Hawks plus four 10? He's dying to have the chance. He's dying for that opportunity. No. We'll stick with we like, we like to Cleveland for this. Yeah, Sure. So Cleveland has Donovan Mitchell plus 1 95 30 points. Okay. Against the Chicago Bulls. Okay. In the NBA cup. Great. Let's do that. So We'll, we'll recommend that one. There you go. Hope you like The Ringer Profit Boost. Again, any 30 plus score that is minus 200 odds or higher is eligible for the 30% profit boost. We're doing it each Friday during the NBA Cup house. I'm gonna send you pack up for a little bit. Bring in Nate Tice bring you back on the end as buzzed house to do million dollar picks.


See you in a second.


This episode is brought to you by Peloton. Now I know what you're thinking. Peloton doesn't look that tough. Well, lemme tell you, Peloton is way more challenging than most people think. Whether you're on the Peloton Shred or diving into their all access membership. They've got a wealth of running and strength training programs that will really push you to your limits. And these instructors, they're not messing around. We're talking military trained sub three hour marathoners and former college athletes who know how to bring out your inner beast. And with tons of options to choose from, you can gear up for race day with seasoned marathoners leading the charge plus custom strength workouts to keep you accountable and crushing those goals. Peloton is all about the details too. Wanna up your game as a runner? Well, targets let you tailor your workout so you can truly challenge yourself every step of way. Find your push, find your power with peloton@onepeloton.com.


This episode is brought to you by State Farm. State Farm helps you score an affordable price when you choose to bundle home and auto insurance with personal price plan, bundling home and auto. That's a pro move. Just another way you can save on your insurance needs. Talk to a State Farm agent today to learn how you can bundle and save with the personal price plan like a good neighbor. State Farm is there. Prices are based on rating plans that vary by state coverage. Options are selected by the customer availability. Amount of discounts and savings and eligibility vary by state.


All right. Nate Tice is here. I'm taping this in a studio I've never been in before. This is really exciting. I feel like I'm in a futuristic year or something. Talking to NFL. You can read Nate. You can listen to Nate on on Yahoo. In the Yahoo Sports Network. You were, we were just talking before we came on about, this is the weirdest part of the NFL season. Explain your theory on this. It, it's that Little Lull before Thanksgiving hits and it happens every than, it happens every November and it's kind of teams start getting chopped off. But we don't wanna say it yet, just in case, you know, so like, all right, we gotta kind of talk about the Bengals a little bit. All right. Just in case. Well the Jets won a game, so we kind of have to talk about them still now.


We, until we can kind of get to Thanksgiving, I think everyone's a little too scared to, to just completely defeat them out of our discussions. Completely wipe them out. So we have this little lull, always this little lull from like week nine when we do the little midseason awards to like week 13. Yeah. And then we get to Thanksgiving and then December and then we're like, oh yeah, yeah. Here we go. Playoffs are Coming up. Here we go. Let's rock. I like that. The chopped offal. And I call it the cross offs where we, we crossed teams off, but 'cause we're still making picks and stuff, you never really know who can fully be crossed off. So there's almost two forms. One is, hey, do we not have to worry about these teams as playoffs anymore? Yeah. Playoff teams anymore. And then the other is what you're saying, which is basically like, can we just not talk about these guys anymore?


Can we just wait until 2025? I feel that way about like, I'm looking at the standings. Vegas. Yep. I'm good. Never talking about Tennessee again. Jacksonville, right on the cusp. There's such a train wreck that, you know, maybe part of it. And then Carolina would be the other one. And then the Giants. So that's five. Is there anybody else you'd have? Yeah, No, those are, those are really good. That's a good set right there. 'cause even like the ones that we thought maybe were gonna drop off are still, like I said, interesting. You know, like I, I like a good loser leaves town match at this stage State of the year. Yeah. Like starting in November, we can start getting those out there. You know, it's almost survivor series time. So we can do that. Yeah. So I love a good loser leaves towns match.


Like okay, these two teams are playing whoever loses. Yeah. You're not getting talked about for a few weeks until we start talking about draft order or a new head coach. So what Did we call what happened in Germany last week? What, what was that was a two that two losers in left town Heat. That was Sunday night heat or Saturday morning Jack. That was the, the sea shows, you know, from WWE used to have, that's what that was right there. Well, How show I didn't just bring you on a talk football I'd, selfish reasons because I'm an only child. You were, you planted your flag on Drake May Island about as violently and aggressively as anybody last February, March, and April.


Which really prompted us to start texting and going back and forth a lot more. 'cause I'm like, I, I just, I I like how this guy's thinking. I hope he he's right and I think he's right, but there's not a lot of us. And then watching Drake May finally gets the job. He's got D minus offensive line is generous. D minus receivers, generous d plus play calling Generous. Yeah. And I'm just so excited about what he's looked like. So you're, you're, you're, you don't care about the Patriots. You're an objective guy. What have you seen, what are you excited about It? It is funny when I start kind of planting flags on quarterbacks, I kind of get involved via Twitter and the beats for those teams.


So I've been introduced to more patriots reporters and bloggers than I I I ever even knew about going into this year. And also maybe why Belichick told 'em, you know, never gave them anything because holy crap, the day-to-Day stuff that was going on during training camp with the Patriots was, it was pretty interesting. But this is me kind of raising that flag. I I'm like the picture at Iwo Jima, like the flag is just starting to, it is starting to get raised up there, you know? Yeah. I I think you're down there. A couple of us are up there. We're all pushing it up. This is why I was excited about him. He he's a walking, talking explosive play. He, he and I think in the NFL right now, that is what you need at quarterback. You, you need guys Yes. To be smart and play the quarterback position. I mean it as like operation and nickel and dimming, getting the safe throws.


I always thought May could do that better than people gave him credit for. But then you see the first completion against the bears tossed in hooper throwing a guy open 25 yards down the field or the week before, the couple weeks before I should say him just scrambling around when nothing was there. Tucking and running against the titans and against the jets that didn't end as well, but tucking and running and getting those opportunities. And that's what he was in college with a bad supporting cast. His second, his second year starting his last year starting. So that's why I was kind of like, no matter what his situation was, I kind of thought he would be able to still show signs because of just his explosive playability and is used to d minus ness around him.


Right. You know, so, but this is, this is, you know, it's not all perfect but it, it is. There's so many just encouraging signs of the little things that they're doing. That completion that he had before the half against the Bears when they he hit, that was my favorite throw probably. He is made as a pro, which was just the, the in breaker that popped up or no, to Booty. Yeah. Bute. And then it was right. They had clock ticking down, no timeouts. He runs up, they spike, they spike the ball. Beautiful operation with one second to go. That is so encouraging. 'cause that's not only just a cool throw that anyone can watch, it's also just the little things, the awareness of that situation. Again, this is why I was so excited about him with the intangible stuff that we talked about the last time I was on the show. Talking about being the little brother, being a good athlete, being competitive.


You're already hearing stories about him having, you know, speaking to the team or requesting to do that pretty, it's pretty exciting. I I, I, I'm sure Patriots fans are exciting, but I just think any good people appreciator of good quarterback plays should be excited about Drake may because he has, there's glimpses right now of special stuff that he's doing. I've read all of those stories. There was a really, there was a whole day of media coverage about when Drake may spoke to the team last week because he didn't love the practice habits and the Wednesday practice and asked to speak in front of everybody and they're like, okay, do your thing. Drake may, and he went up and gave a like a, they said it was like a fun speech.


Definitely kicked the team in the butt a little bit. It was a little awkward, but everybody was like, oh he's doing, he's becoming a leader now. This is happening. I think he had been afraid to, you know, he's the rookie. He is young. Yeah. But I think that was one of the things that when you read this stuff about him in college, that was pretty special about him. That he, he really did get it. He got like the whole, I'm the quarterback, this is my car. Yes, I'm the driver. I understand this piece of it. And you know, you look at some of the other guys that come in, it was notable with Caleb last week watching that bears Pats game and how distant he seemed, which I think was a product of they're playing like shit. The coaching situation was obviously a debacle didn't seem like was on the same page.


But you know, would I, who would I rather have? Obviously I'm picking Drake May 'cause he is on the Patriots, but I didn't think it was gonna be this close Nate. Like Yeah, yeah. I I didn't think, I thought Drake might not play this year. I didn't expect this. Yeah. Which I was pulling my hair out a little bit because I never thought the mental side for May was why he had to sit. Which is why you usually sit a guy, well this guy's only been in an air raid offense. He's never had to handle this. He's never had to handle that. He is never had to be in a huddle. All those things. And I watched May and the in-between stuff was a lot of encouraging mental aspects. I saw him changing protections. I saw him doing a lot of aspects that maybe encouraged that he could start right away.


And I think the footwork stuff got overblown because footwork was like, that's coachable. That's what drove me nuts during that whole draft process where people were acting like that's damning. It was, well what if we cleans up the footwork that you guys are all worried about and he's doing these things with quote unquote bad footwork. And a lot of stuff is just people kind of talking outta their ass. I I think, you know, they like, he, he, he bounces. You even see him now and even the quarterback coach talked about it, I'm blanking on his name right now, but he was talking about like, hey you look and how he moves in the pocket, he, that's a good thing 'cause he's keeping his eyes downfield. 'cause he is looking to attack the defense. And sometimes when another offensive lineman's losing it can look like he's drifting into another pressure, but he's going away from the initial pressure, which is a good thing.


That's exactly what you want. The speech thing too is just that mentality. He has that perfect level of golden retriever brain that I love. Yeah. You know, Josh Allen's got that a little bit too, where it's like, it, it's confidence in everything, but they still have that little goofiness that it's like, okay, you're not just a total robot, you know, that people can relate to this. He made the de he made the reporters clap for the defense. Yeah. That was hilarious because it was just, he he it's just genuine. Like he's just going out. No, it felt authentic. I'm with you. I agree. Right. It wasn't like him going like, oh this will be funny. He was like, Hey, let's do it. Aha. And like one person clapped and he was in face, he was like, yeah, okay. That was fun. Like those little things really add up. Especially when you're losing everything. You can do anything when you're winning.


Everything's great when you're winning. But when you're losing those little things and guys are going like, oh, this guy's not like a total diva. Or this guy's not a, a total just, you know, homeschool kid. Like somebody, these quarterback's gonna act like this guy's just a player. You hear all the receivers talk about him. I mean they all rave about him in between complaining about not getting the ball right. They all rave about him. Like, so I'm like, that's, those are, again, these are just the little things when you're not in the building that you kind of look at, look for and go like, oh, okay, these are the things I would bet on. And I, I mean the bet's looking really good right now. I don't feel like I'm talking outta school with the story. I sat next to Christian Gonzalez at the Celtics Nets game on Friday night.


So he went and apparently they were trying to get Drake May to go the Celtics and Drake may didn't wanna go because he didn't feel like he was playing well enough yet to go to assault the game on a Friday night when they had to leave the next day. And I was like, oh that's so adorable. Drake may, I'm so, I'm so glad you haven't lived up to your own standards yet as, as a qb. But I was like super excited to see that he's checked every box for me everything I've wanted to see. But it's interesting, obviously they're using him terribly. I don't understand half of the plays they run for him. And, and one of the things I was saying to a friend of mine was I don't understand why they just don't look at like the 57 most successful Josh Allen plays that Buffalo has run for Josh Allen since 2019 and just start running all of those plays.


And I mentioned that to you and you said that wasn't the guy that he reminds you of and you dropped the name that I did a double take. So say the name. Oh God, this is even more of a lofty praise is the, the high, high-end comp I have for him. And this was going in the draft process was John Elway. I I is yeah, I know I it's that big arm. Elway was, again, these are the late memories. We remember the Broncos winning the Super Bowls with Mike Shanahan and him becoming more of a bootleg guy and more of an auxiliary guy to the run game, you know, being a Shanahan run game. And he was moved on the move, he's Pretty beat up in the mid late nineties too. He'd take, he's 30 Hits. He's, yeah. You know, he's, but Prime Elway was running around throwing, you know, launching balls, trying to try all these aggressive throws.


And again, this is the 0.001% comparison for May. But that's the guy where I was trying to come up with some high-end comp and I was like, that's really who I think of because the looseness of the athlete being able to throw a missile wherever he wants that competitiveness sometimes that like, he's not a a, a dummy, I call him a golden retriever, but Elway was a coach's kid, obviously very smart, but he would still try stuff, you know Yeah. Would still try like still and still pushed the ball. He honed it in as the years went along, you know, shoot the Broncos drafted Tommy Maddox for a reason. But they, but really it was just that kind of loose athlete, that big arm. And and that's where like I see the ideal version of him becoming where it is a guy that throws on the move there is more polish as it comes along.


But even the stuff like the mistakes he makes right now, John Hollinger Hollinger always, when he used to write the stat writeups for e espn. Yeah. This always kind of stuck with me that he would talk about young players and usage and turnover rate actually being a good sign down the road to star level play. 'cause it's those guys they got, they have the trust to handle the ball. And two that they're trying stuff like that. That is the kind of the counter of what's happening with Kle Williams right now is that he's really trying to be perfect from the pocket and it's limiting his creation ability while May is playing just loose and fast and everything. And yeah, he'll make a mistake, he'll try a ball. I mean the interception against the bears was just a lapse, you know, like just in my, He's gonna have two of those.


A game is, and we've already come to Grip that's gonna go It's fine. Yeah. And, and, but you take the other 48 good plays and you just deal with the, the, those overwhelming negatives because he's figuring it out. Even Mayo addressed this. He even said, he was like, yeah, I, I want him to try and figure this stuff out. You're, you're learning what my ceilings are. Oh I can't do that this time. Okay. And what's cool about May is you can tell he learns from those mistakes. Like he is so cognizant it's him talking about not going to the Celtics game. That, that self-awareness I think is just really encouraging. You want that for any athlete, but especially your franchise quarterback, you take it number three. And again, that's why it's encouraging. Yeah. And the Josh Allen thing, which makes the most sense just 'cause he's recent, but there's Josh Allen's huge, Drake's big, but he's not big like Josh Allen is Josh Allen feels like he's winning collisions.


Drake, I'm still nervous when Yeah. In, in certain collision situations, but Right. We've, we were talking about it last week, I've never had a quarterback. Wait, like we had Steve Grogan in the mid seventies, so I barely remember, but he, he ran for over 500 yards. Like he was a running QB before his knees went. I've never had a quarterback who makes some of the decisions that he makes during a game. Like he'll go back and then he will run up the middle and he'll run up the middle like trying to get yards and trying to get like, it's not just like I'm gonna run seven and slide down. He's like, I'm running up the middle like I'm McCaffrey. Yeah. He'll run, he'll go to the right and you see like this, I call it the Zack Wilson, the scramble to the right.


Nothing's there. I'll throw it out of bounds. He does the Josh Allen thing where until the very last split second, he's still looking even 40 yards downfield. So it's just really exciting to watch him. And I, I, to me it's like I'm positive he's gonna be a franchise qb The Elway thing is interesting though because I, I still feel like Elway's the most talented QB I've ever seen. I don't think he was the best. I think Brady's Brady's won the best 'cause he earned it. Montana. I always had the highest from that era. 'cause he just felt like he, he always in the right hands with them. But I always thought Elway was just, Elway felt like he could just take the shittiest team and win like 10 games And it and just that, just the size of those two.


They're both 6 4 2 25. Yeah. They're both like and that that's, thank you for saying the Allen thing. That's why I never wanna throw out the Allen comp. There's some play style comparisons but that's like comparing, you know, a two guard with a power forward. Right. You know, like it, it's, yes they could play a little similar, they do some wonky or wacky things that the sideline throws. Exactly. A great example. But it's also just like a, yeah Allen is six five and changed and a legitimate two 40 and a guy like Justin Herbert who also gets the Drake MA comparisons. Herbert's 6 6 2 40 like that and 6 4 2 25 and two 40 like that. That is a significant difference. Well you know what that's like now it's like Cooper flag 'cause they're Yeah, Cooper Flag's definitely special and they're comparing him, it's like, is it KG?


And it's like, alright there's pieces of kg but KG was seven one Cooper Flag's like six nine maybe. So you Can't comps for him. That, that feels weird for me. Well they were, well they're just talking about like him and Duncan how these guys that just can affect the game in all these different ways. Oh yeah, yeah. That just play the game the right way that are in the right spots. Don't care if they score, but ultimately he's the, there's a size difference. The same with Alan. There's, I don't even know who you'd compare Alan to in the history of the league. No. Like Cam Newton that can throw even better. Yeah. Like yeah it's just, but again that's, you're using different disclaimers with that flag was I watched the Kentucky game. Yeah. Flag's.


Flag's. Got it. Yeah. He's got something. So If just the body positioning, If we're doing this, this draft again. Yeah. Is it still the same order? Yeah. And I would say I Jane Daniels for me, well, well for me, yeah because I made one and then Caleb too. But I would say Jane Daniels squeezed it closer than I gave him credit for interest. I had a, like I, I had a half tier gap with Daniels. You know, still some of the stuff I, I've been very impressed with and I'm Eaton Crow on Cliff Kingsberry trust me. And I, I just actually wrote about it today and just the offensive improvements, the cool stuff they're doing a lot of tempo stuff and I think Daniels has played to what I thought maybe his ceiling would be. There's just still some stuff I'm still wanting to see in the second half of the year how much he doesn't, you know, really push the ball.


It's very selected when he pushes the ball. And he's, don't get me wrong, I'm talking about both sides of my mouth. He's excelling when he does it, but it's just, they haven't really faced the toughest slate of defenses that forced him to do it. They face the Steelers who really took it to 'em and it, you could see 'em just not be comfortable going and were taping This, this before the Eagles game. So that might be another defense tonight. That's another one. And also my, my little short list I got, I'm talking little Eagles in that too. Yeah. So, but the, but so I just, and but the thing was I thought Daniels was a half tier below those guys and I would say now him and Caleb are more closer for me than I would've gave him credit for. I'm still worried about the skinniness. He has done a phenomenal job of avoiding hits.


He's so, so fast. Like he is incredibly fast. But the thing is, you know, it's a long season. You know, you just take a couple wrong hits, a couple big blows, those start to stack up, you know, body blows start to stack up. So I've still though I think I still would have 'em 1, 2, 3 like that. But Daniels would be a true number three or more of a two B two a kind of thing. Do You care about, well obviously you're gonna care about a little, but the ages of the different guys like Daniels is two and a half years older than May. Is that, that's part of it. How much of that as an advantage as you're factoring that in? 'cause it's gotta be somewhat of an advantage but I I never know how to calculate that. Absolutely, absolutely. And that's another thing why Daniel's a little bit lower.


Like his two red alerts and I would say red alerts but, oh I guess I was about to say red flags, but two kind of red flags. There were age skinness throwing over the middle and you know, the hits that he took, he seems to be able to mitigate throwing over the middle. You can do that if you win other ways he wins with acceleration and speed. But the thing is again, what else are we tapping into? This is exactly how he played in college. Yeah. and it was good in college and won the fricking Heisman. But again, this does matter 'cause he was an older prospect. Bo Nicks is a super old prospect. Bo Nicks was as old as the, the oldest quarterback since Brandon Whedon drafted in the first round. You know, that absolutely matters. Drake May was in true air raid offenses that had no detail and no structure.


That's why I was bullish on him. Yeah. Was that okay? We haven't even tapped into what he's actually good what, what he could actually become Caleb Williams in kind of a Lincoln Riley offense that takes adjustment to the NFL. I just thought that he had some, you know, and I still do. I think he's actually pretty advanced mentally, but that I thought he would actually transition a little better. But even for me, I was like, oh, maybe I was a little ahead of myself there. But yeah, they're gonna have more of a learning curve, especially than a guy that's 24 who has maybe seen 20 more games. Yeah. Those reps add up. So yeah, no, absolutely age, especially at quarterback is a big thing because it's just reps that these guys have, like Anthony Richardson's younger than all these guys. So it's, you know, that, that's just another aspect of evaluating these guys.


We talked about this the last time. It's so crazy that we are no better at this in 2024 than we were like 50 years ago. That we could have more and more data evidence of all these types of guys. And we still have no idea who's gonna, like, I don't think Caleb's gonna be a bust, but if you told me he's going to be a bust, I wouldn't be like, there's no way. You know, whereas like there's NBA guys that I would, I was like, that guy's not gonna be a bust. There's no chance this guy unless he gets hurt. But with quarterbacks, we've just seen it too many times where the combination of maybe you weren't quite ready yet, your team's a disaster, you lost confidence, you took some hits, your eye level moved down and it's just this chain of events that all of a sudden you're in a different spot.


Even like watching Sam Darn now in Minnesota versus the Sam Darn I watched that, although Sam Darn has been great lately, but yeah, he's Turned back into that. But You just think like, how much damage can you put on a rookie qb in a wrong situation where you've now unraveled this to the point you can't put it back in the bottle. Yeah. The the scar tissue of it all. Yeah. And I, I think maybe this should be a great learning example for everybody about, you know, shoot, we're still discussing Trevor Lawrence and whether he's it or not, but it's like how much situation matters for even the best quarterbacks and, and I mean there's 11 guys on offense, right? There's 22 starters, you know, Not well we, but we know what matters. The question is, is it 90% of this and not 25% like Situation of everything basically.


I know, yeah. You know what I mean? I'd say it's at least half right. You know, it it, it it is. I mean look at Jared Golf from rookie year to Jared Golf with Sean McVay the next year. Like that it went from, this is the worst rookie quarterback I've ever seen to Wow. Oh, okay. We actually got something here to almost an MVP candidate. And also another thing too I wanted, 'cause Caleb got is getting, you get a lot of backlash if you could describe as generational. Yeah. And which is why that that g word is should be outlawed. It it's, it's a, it's a, a bet that we're making on these prospects some bets like, you know, WEBY the alien victor, like yeah, 90% star here, you know, 8% starter. Yeah.


And probably a 1% bench bust. A guy like CJ Stroud, I, he was my quarterback one in that class. I thought his I I, I look at it as star starter bench bust. You know, that's, it's a basketball one I take for it. But with him I thought his star was like 10%, but I thought his starter was gigantic. Like I was like Almost like 65%. Yeah. I was like, this guy, that guy to me felt so safe even though he was younger and all the, and he had questions about his, you know, creativity and all those things. But I was like, man, this guy, like I just don't see him failing. Like I just thought his, and then a guy like Richardson in the same class, it was like I see a 20% star, maybe 25%, but I also see a 30% bust.


And, and same thing, Caleb for me had a huge starter, a good chunk star, A star. And then just, I just thought he had a small bust potential. Like it was just again, but he still had it. All these guys have it. Even a guy like May who I is one of my highest greatest quarterbacks I've ever had, they're gonna have that. But it's all for me chasing that percentage of star because that's what you need to win. Would you have for the, for the pie with Bow Nicks, what was starter in the Pie Starter was like, you gotta Name this pie by the way. Is it like the, I don't Dunno. Like I stole it from a basketball box, pig Skin pie or something. I dunno. I stole it from Canis Hoop and a guy that now works for the Nuggets, actually he's like the analytics guy there and he and I just always liked the terminology for it and that's kind of what I applied.


Yeah. But his, the one that stuck with me was Zach Levine was the guy did an analytics thing on him and he goes, Hey, I gotta bring up the comparisons. And like number eight on the comparison chart was Michael Jordan, which was talking about, he was like, it was all these bus and then, but then the la like three of the comparisons of his like stat stuff was like, well you gotta look at the at lesson and all that. And then that was the argument about Zach Levine and it was like, he might wash outta the league in two years, but he has that 20% chance or 10% chance of being a star in all star, yada yada. So that's the player that, that stuck out for me. But like a guy like Nicks, I, he was my quarterback five and I viewed him more as a second rounder.


I thought, I still thought he, he got overdrafted. I, the argument with him was, or maybe my argument against him was he had a ton of starts but he still was so skittish. I thought his footwork was really bad. It's still kind of his, if he, he takes, he just has wonky plays. He is a little too safe with the football down the field. His accuracy's not great, but I still saw a starter in there. Even my writeup with him was like, I view him as I, I think I had like, so if I did bench Starter bench to me is like a Jacobi Burett. Yeah. You know, or a garner mint shoe. Maybe a spot starter kind of type. I had him kind of in that tier, like where it was like, okay, there's a big chunk starter and bench like 80% and then like a 10%, maybe 15%.


So he's better than that then He's, I dunno, he's kind of been how he's, okay. I that's, it's Sean Payton's doing a lot. He's pretty good last. Yeah, you're right. He was, and Champagne's been in his bag, like he really has the run game's. Good. The Bronco's defense is sick. I, I think he has, he has improved from what he looked like week one, which was like, oh my God, you can't play this guy to, they chopped out play calls for him too. So they've stopped using motion so much. So again, that's good coaching. Hey, which is, let's make sure you're on straight and narrow. But from week two, I thought he was not gonna make it after a rookie year. I thought we had a, you know, just a Josh Rosen situation going on now. I'm like okay, you could be a tangible starter.


So like he's reaching that kind of may maybe middle tier that I thought he could reach. Josh Rosen, We're gonna take a break and then we're gonna do five favorites.


This episode is brought to you by the all new Reimagined Nissan kicks from the bold new exterior to the performance and tech features like intelligent all-wheel drive and a Bose personal plus sound system. Cars where I live, I live in the Los Angeles area and cars are one of the most important things you can have. 'cause you're in them a lot because you gotta drive around all over the place. You know what's fun? To have a nice car for an everyday commute to have music and the ability to do hands-free stuff. And just to feel safe, you can do it. Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan kicks today. Head over to Nissan USA to learn more. Bose Personal plus sound system is an available feature. Bose is a registered trademark in the Bose Corporation. Intelligent all wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


This episode is brought to by Uber Eats. It's football season and Uber Eats is dropping undefeated deals on all your game day favorites. This week. Score buy one get one free crunch wrap Supremes from Taco Bell only on Uber Eats. And if you're craving even more, we've got you covered with game day deals on pizza, burgers, tacos and more all season long. Uber Eats official on demand food delivery partner of the NFL order Taco Bell for game day now through 11 17 24. Second item of equal or lesser value terms apply. See app for details.


Alright, so I asked you to make a list of five things relating to the NFL season. I did not wanna know it was on the list and you can count them down from one through five or you could build suspense and go five through one. So what is the list? I'm gonna build suspense and then, and I, I feel like I, yeah, I, I went with because I'm so boring sometimes. I just went with things I'm enjoying in this NFL season. Well, You're a positive guy. I try to be, I try to be, I keep my negativity to myself most of the time. But yes, I, I want, 'cause there's a lot too much about how like sports are worse than they used to be and all that and it's like, no, it's the opposite. We should enjoy what these freaks are doing every week. Yeah. And so I want things that I enjoyed, enjoy watching this season.


And I'm starting with number five, and this is actually kind of a negative one. This is telling the Cowboys. I told you. So that's something I've been enjoying this season going, you guys thought you can draft a two offensive linemen and stardom and not have a running back and not have a second pass catcher. And you thought you can not have a defensive tackle that can stop the run. You thought Eric Hendricks could still play linebacker and you thought you were contending and all in and we told you so. And so that is something I've been enjoying because it's just, it's as glaring as the light through Jerry World right now. All the warts that they have have just been popping. I, I know pimples pop, but you know, same thing. They just are just as shiny and as glossy as you can imagine.


Even little things. Not really a little thing. Dak Prescott gets hurt. Why aren't you playing Trey Lance, you traded a fourth for just give 'em, give 'em some run. Yeah. You guys aren't winning the Super Bowl this year. Figure out what you got. Like, you know, like this is why you trade for him the Mingo trade, Jonathan Mingo, you know, like day late and dollar short. But also on top of that Mingo, even if you look at his height, weight speed stuff, he's like a gadget slot guy. You know, who's best in the slot CD lamb, right? Like why are you making that trade? Like you're making it worse? That's not actually a trade that's actually gonna have a tangible effect on your team. So yeah, I guess Well we liked him in the draft seven years ago. We gotta get him Free chance.


You know that that NFL tape doesn't matter. Hey, look at what he did at Ole Miss that last year. Yeah, I know. And guys like Maisie Smith when he gets drafted, they're like, no, he's gonna stop the run for us. It's like, he didn't do that in college. What makes you think he's going to get better at it in the NFL? They let a guy like Jonathan Hankins go, he's just a role playing nose tackle. But he was like their most significant player on the defense. And then they're just like, yeah, we don't need him. Actually. He was like, no, you do you, you do need him on your defense. So I guess this is kind of a negative thing, but it is something I've been enjoying. No, I Like this point. The other thing you didn't mention was, and this never happens, but the over under for them during this, during the summer actually moved down and went from 10 and a half wins to nine and a half wins.


And 'cause everybody was like, this team sucks. Like what are we doing? And you know, I can't even find nine wins in their schedule. And then there, you know, then that cowboy infrastructure moves in and it was a no no, actually once they get CD signed and d signed and they stink, so they That's good one. That's, that's a good start. It's fun to say. I told you so of the Dallas Cowboys, what's number four? It is number four is surprising defenses. Improved defenses. This is way, so this was my Eagles one, one of them. But teams like the Eagles, the Chargers, the Broncos, the Lions. Hmm. Even teams like the chiefs are, who had a really good defense last year are even better this year.


The bills who were expected to have a little drop off on defense that actually, yeah. And like they are just cooking and and doing a great job there. So I'll start with the Eagles and this is more Vic Fangio going like, oh yeah, this is why everyone wanted used to wanna hire Vic Fangio. And they have a lot, a lot of good young players and new faces really stepping up for 'em and it's been really fun. Quinone Mitchell, their first round pick corner from Toledo has been great. Like as a rookie, rookie corner's really hard and it seems like We've good rookie corners this year, just in general Have we have, and just really the last like two, three years rookies, it used to be like year two, you expect a corner to be like even baseline. It's like a rookie in the NBA.


Yeah. Like even if they look average or like hell yeah. Like that's good. But with Kon it's like he's no, that's a good starter. Yeah. As a rookie. And he takes it to guys, which is really fun. Like he can actually go against number ones. But then Cooper Deje who plays in the slot for them has been tremendous. Like both of these two guys are gonna be on the short list for defensive rookie of the year. Wow. At the end of the year. And that, that was their first two picks and deje from the slot. It's a very important position in this defense, how much they have to do in the run game, how much they have to blitz because of the soft kind of coverages they run. And he has been awesome. Some huge plays on fort down tackles Jamar Chase in space, when they played the Bengals last week, he tackled CD lamb in space.


No one really does that to those two guys. And there he is as a rookie, acting like it's nothing. So those two rookies, I mean even other guys, Milton Williams is a guy that was a role player for them, is now a starting defensive lineman. He's in a contract ear and he, he's, he's gonna get paid. So like even a guy like that, Jalen Carter, a defensive tackle looks like a future all pro. He, he's fantastic. And then Zach Bond, who's a linebacker retread that, he's a former Wisconsin guy and mostly he played as like an undersized pass rusher. And Vic Fangio is like, ah, we're gonna probably off ball. And he looks like a pro bowler and, and I, it's like an inspired player. We're Watch this. So Dick Fangio is back, He's fully back, fully back. And maybe Howie Howie hit a little magic this year.


Howie Howie was getting a little like, okay, you know, like right. This how he always nailed it and then this year it looks like he's just rejuvenated all of that. So Yeah. Yeah. Well you probably just jinxed them 'cause we're taping this before they play tonight. Oh sure. They're definitely giving up 45 tonight. I mean, but even like stat wise, there's seven in DVOA. Yeah. And then there's, so I look at a thing, success rate and explosive play rate and I combine them, people want me to call it sex rate. Yeah. But then someone today said, let's call it suplex rate. And I was like, oh yeah, there we go. But they're, they're second in that right now. And then like even the other defenses I mentioned, the Broncos defense is a lot of fun, you know, corner Really well, like got of the defenses you mentioned. I wasn't surprised by the Chargers 'cause they, their coaching situation last year combined the they had real talent, right?


Yeah. The bills. The bills have McDermott, they have the history at least. I didn't really understand how they were gonna get all the players to pull up, but they did. The Broncos, I don't get at all. Like the, the advanced stats for the Broncos are nuts. They're top five all over the place and all these key categories. And they passed the eye test too. Like I I thought they did a great job against the Chiefs last week. It feels real to me. I don't get it. Yeah, they, it, they just have a lot of good, you know, like Patrick Ctan I is, if he wasn't hurt, he'd be up there with defensive player of the year. Yeah. Like we'd be talking about him. He, he is the best corner in the game. He's incredible. But then like their other corner, Riley Moss is good. and it, not even just in the, the sense that he's, you know, the first white corner since Jason Seehorn, like he's a legitimately good player.


So it went from a bit to like, oh no, no, he's just good. We don't have to make jokes anymore. But they like, they, so they, they those guys and they just play Press Man, take it to him. Vance Joseph is really aggressive. He's a lot like, he, he has some Weight Phillips to him. Yeah. So it's a lot of like, okay, we're in man coverage, that guy's blocking blitz and they call green dogs and they are just so, they just, they don't want you breathe, but you have to really perform to beat 'em. Yeah. They're, they're outstanding. I mean they gave up 70 points in a game last year and now every metric they're top five and it's legit. It's very legit. Zach Allen has had a good year defensive lineman there. The fourth watt brother. No, it, it's, they're, they're a very good unit. The Char Chargers too has been very impressive here.


Chargers. Yeah. Not surprising at all that they would be good, but they, I think they're even a little better than I thought. I was pretty bullish on them. Yeah, we'll see with the bills in DC or higher. Yeah. The, the Chief's game is gonna tell us a lot with the Bills. 'cause you know, there's been a couple games this year where it's like, oh, do they have a good defense? But then, you know, that might be like the good bad team on, on Defenses. Yeah. And I wanna see like, can they shut down the Chiefs? Because I feel like the Chiefs, you know, we we're getting into it with million dollar picks later, but I just, it's Chiefs has another dog. I'm just always buying every time. I'm just sorry, Mahome by Plus money. Mahomes. Hell yeah. Yeah.


That's what you do. No, and the Chiefs have, I'm trying to find a better term than this, but natural answers too. The bills play all this cover too. Yeah. And then Mahomes now is like, okay, you know, he's just gonna nickel and dime. It might be a Juju Smith Schuster game as far as underneath throws. If he's healthy, it might be a Travis Kel decent game as well. But the Chiefs are, their offense is just so brutally efficient this year. It, it's just, you know, it's just, they're gonna take their five yard gains and you're gonna like it. And that, I mean, that's, no defense has stopped it so far. So the bill is playing cover two, they're not very aggressive. It's kind of like, well you need to be aggressive. You need to like, take the fight to the chiefs. Otherwise they're just gonna, they're fine taking these five, six yard gains and punching you in the face over and over.


Little Hopkins seven yarder. All right. What do you got for number three? Number three? And this is kind of tying, just even talking about the bills, but kind of a cop out here. 'cause I wanna talk about a few things. A FC juggernaut, quarterbacks, this is Lamar Jackson, Josh Allen, Joe Burrow, Patrick Mahomes, Justin Herbert, the, the big five in FC. And the big, the big thing with that is Herbert's back. So back, I, I was worried unbelievably back because a little scared, especially since I've some Dynasty shares in him that maybe got a little worried about it. But the, how about the vibes with Harbaugh and Herbert, like they, the buddy comedy with this is just amazing and it's genuine. And you could see Harbaugh really kind of, did you see any of the videos from this past week?


Oh, I I I think that should be like its own cha. I think NFL network should just have like a three hour show of all the locker room speeches. And I, I love all that stuff. I think it's too, it's such a fascinating kind of window into what the locker room's actually like, who's the leader? Yeah. Who gives the speech at the end before they go all, everybody all in. Like, I just love that stuff And, and how the game balls work. Like Yeah. Oh are they, are they giving it to the owner? Wo all right. But you know, it's, but it, no, that, that's a very real thing. And like, who speaks after the coach who, like, even that Harbaugh video, they, they or the Chargers video, they're like, Hey Herbert, he is like, Justin, just talk to us.


And then Herbert kind of gave the little like two second speech, which is perfect. But again, it's like a little, you know, microcosm of like what each locker room is. No, that's such a great point. But One of the things I did with over unders this year, which I'm doing really well on this year, is I just, I realized I wasn't putting enough thought into good coaches versus bad coaches. and it matters even something like the charger situation where it's like, well, I don't know, they're over unders eight and a half, but Augh and maybe it's a little too high. And I'm like, they're going from Staley to Harbaugh. That's gotta be worth five wins. It just has to. Yeah. There's no way it's not right. We've seen it happen over and over again. Same thing with Dan Quinn not being Ron Rivera. I don't know how many wins that's worth, but it's gotta be worth a couple.


Like, just, Just having an energy sometimes works. Like just, or just being competent. Like with Harbaugh, it's not like they're doing anything crazy. They're just competent. They don't, they don't get penalized. They don't turn the ball over. All their scheme stuff is sound. The defensive coordinator's a star. Jesse Minter. Harb. Yeah. He's not gonna, he he's he's gone very soon. Yeah. Yeah. They get him for another year. It's a miracle. But, but again, it, it's, sometimes it's just having a high baseline and when you have a dude at quarterback that's kind of enough, like even talking about the Broncos with Bo Nicks, Bo Nicks isn't making mistakes and the rest of the team is competent. So it's like Yeah. They, now they might be a playoff team because they're just not idiots.


Yeah. Like they're, that's they're above the idiot line, the Mendoza line of coaching. Do you buy into the sideline stuff? Like do you watch the sidelines when you watch games? 'cause that's another thing I find myself doing more and more every year. Like, and the Chargers. The Chargers have a really good sideline, like the reactions. Oh Yeah, yeah. You know what I mean? Like, somebody fights and they get, it's a third of nine and the guy fights and gets the extra half yard and you'll see like 15 chargers like jumping out in the field Yeah. Getting fired up. And I'm like, ah, that's a good sign. That's real. That, well that's what turned me onto, oh, I was always kind of an optimist with them. But Dan Campbell's lines was his first year with them was even their getting their faces battered in every week. That sideline was into it.


Yeah. Shanahan's first year. And with the 49 ERs in 2017, bad team and defense is trying to tackle everyone. Everyone's going nuts about touchdown. You, you also, there's buy-in like, or or just being locked in. Like you can see sometimes when someone scores and how other players react to that. 'cause they're aware that that call was happening. Like they're aware, right. That that design was meant to do that. So again, it's just reading in between the lines of like, are they locked in? Are they not? I mean, you watch, you just watched the Bears, you can just tell like, oh, it was, It was like really dramatically noticeable. And on the flip side, Arizona, where you watch Arizona, you're like, whoa.


Does, does, does this team have good chemistry? It's first time in 10 years. I was, I was, I could segue to my number two, the Cardinals, let's Hear it Is just, they're, they're my number two thing for this list. The thing that I'm enjoying most is the, just the Cardinals in general. Every aspect of the Cardinals I enjoy watching because they are exactly what we're talking about here. Everybody's locked in every, I mean Marvin Harrison Jr's fist pumping after a run for a touchdown where he has to make a block. Yeah. The to, so we got, that's the number, number four pick overall who's probably been a star since he was 15. They doing the dirty work and celebrating someone else scoring. Yeah. And then I look over, no offense to the guy 'cause I really liked him.


Roman Dunay for the Bears, something happens. He's just like, all right. And which is not how Roman Dunay was in college. Right. It just kind of speaks to what the buy-in is for each of these teams and or each of these players in the units. But yeah, thank you for segmenting me to the Cardinals because on the last show I was on, I was pretty optimistic about 'em and this, this hopefully was what I was talking about, but offense, like they're looking like a top five offense right now. But Were you expecting them to be this physical? That's the thing that I was surprised by. That's what they bought into last year. The offense line played way above punch way above their weight. Having James Connor kind of sets the tone too. Yeah. But just they're buyin with the tight ends. You know, they had Elijah Higgins last year and Trey McBride and then they drafted Tip Ryman in the third round.


And I was like, oh, okay, I see what you guys are leaning into. Like we're not getting like finesse tight ends. We're actually getting like brawlers that can actually do stuff. Yeah. And then they drafting Paris Johnson Jr. They're left tackle from last year. They're all tone setter types. So even their other receiver, Michael Wilson is a he'll. He's big and will do dirty work and that's why I was pretty optimistic about him was they're doing a lot of, everything was sound like con conceptually and sound, but, and very traditional in some senses, but just enough modernizations, you know, it's like watching Scream for the first time. It's like, oh yeah, this, this is a slasher movie. Oh, okay. But you're doing the meta thing. Oh okay. That's cool. Like they just do a little bit of motion. Hmm. A little bit of tweaks and inverting roles.


They kind of their own, they do a little bit everything in the run game, but it's really sound. They're not running against bad boxes. Kyler is playing fantastic right now. So our friend Mina Yeah. Kind of threw him into the MVP conversation. Like she was like tipping a waiter. I, I was surprised. I, I wasn't ready to go there with Kyler 'cause I've seen them win games where he didn't have to do that much. But did, did, where do you sit on that? Do you see that? I, oh man. I mean he's, he's got better argument than most. I'll put it that way. Okay. I, I, I have those A, FC, the five a FC quarterbacks that I just mentioned basically as my top five. So I think Kyler would probably be the one, you know next.


Next one in, you know, first oh four out. Interesting. I mean Kyler QBR is just one stat, but Kyler iss second in the NFL right now in QBR Lamar Jackson's won Kyle's two and Joe Burrow's three, you know, like he, and this is the most, he's like playing real quarterback. They give him, you know, this is, this is kind of continuing my cliff guard Kingsbury offense stuff was that has a high floor, but the ceiling I think is lower because of what they can get to and what they ask of their players. Hmm. With Kyler and Drew petting their offensive coordinator, they said, no, you're playing quarterback like we're putting you under center. You are killing plays. You are pointing out who, who has who in protection.


And I, there's some rough stretches early in this year and even last year, even some of the quote unquote good games now, I'd say the last like three, four weeks, it's like you can see it like, you can see the confidence really bubbling with him. He's been under center 30 per 30% of the time this year. The first four and a half years of his career, he was under center for 125 drop backs total in his first four and a half years. He's been under center for 55 drop backs this year. So almost. He's already, oh my god. Almost getting a half. Yeah. So 125 in four and a half years under Cliff Kingsbury and half a year Drew, drew petting 55 just this year. That's real core. That ties into the run game that is tying into their play action games. Really good. And like when I mentioned their little tweaks, they do, they're kind of modern, I wouldn't say modern, just understanding what to do like a a a bootleg, like a just a normal bootleg that everyone runs.


Usually you run it with zone where everybody steps the same way. You remember the old Texans Gary Kubiak videos, they would show what they do and it's not new, but they're one of the few teams that leans into it. They pull a guard when they run a bootleg and most teams try to avoid doing that because it can get a little dicey up front and everything. But they're well coached. They do only against the right fronts and it ties in to what their run game is because they pull so many guys and once they pull that it attracts the linebackers. You should watch it against the Jets. So it's comical. The Jets linebackers are sprinting with it because the guard's pulling. So again, they're confident that they can do this little tweak, but again it sets up everything 'cause they're going under center 'cause they're running the ball. Well they can get to that stuff and it turns into 15 yard gashes to, to Marvin Harrison Or or to Trey McBride who Trey McBride's also playing like a top three tight end.


Yeah. So that also helps too. But it, it's just a, and then shoot the defense is fun. They aren't defense to prove It's crazy. I mean they, they were underdogs at home against the Jets last week Insanely way. And I I thought that was one of the weirdest lines of the year. And like when House and I were doing million dollar picks, house was like afraid of it. 'cause it was like, what's going on? Like, what's going on with this line? These these two teams are not the same Level. No. But no, and and I know I looked at the injury report after that 'cause I remember being like, am I, did I forget someone's hurt? Like right. Did I like, you know, like is Kyler out or something? But no, that was just, you know, no one watches the Cardinals and then we get updates about Jets warmups. We Watch 'em because we're on the West Coast and there's three games in the, in the 1 0 1 25 spot noon slot.


What's your number one? Well, and this is tying into a little bit what the Cardinals are doing and the, and other teams have about kind of mentioned, but it's the run game and the running back renaissance. Yeah. That we're going through this year. This is what has juiced me up about the NFL this year. The Cardinals are a part of this and their run game. But this is not only just the investment teams have made in running backs, which we've seen with Derek Henry, Saquon Barkley, even other guys that were signed over the years. James Connor was a free agent edition for the, for the Cardinals. We go one after another. Josh Jacobs with the Packers, but also the first rounders teams I've made on the running backs have been paying dividends. Bija Robinson, Jamir Gibbs with the Lions, all these teams with defense.


You gotta throw, Throw Najee in there. I would, I would throw 'em in. I think NA's been pretty good. I Najee went from he should, I actually, it was funny. I actually was like, he should not be getting the ball anymore. and it feels like as when I sat down on my podcast after that, he has just run harder than he's ever has in his ever. They inspired in his career, right? Yeah. Just me, you know, football 3 0 1, check it out. But, but the, the Steelers though, like they're part of this too. I've been always a Arthur Smith apologist and now with their o their offensive line, Zach Frazier, their center is legitimately one of the best rookies in the NFL like at any position. And then they have another rookie right guard Mason McCormick who's playing well Isaac Sumo, their left guard has come back from injury. Like now you can feel that kind of, that beef coming back with their run game, which has been a lot of fun along with Russell Wilson Moon balls.


But the Bills run game is really good. They, they, I've been calling it Spread Bully 'cause they'll spread people out or and then they'll just run it down your throat. The, and they, James Cook has or has done a lot better has being kind of more of a sound running back. Ray Davis is really punching on people in the face and it's really just taking advantage of defenses are terrified of Josh Allen. So they're bills are just like, alright, we'll take six yards. Thank you. Well you Also seeing bad teams like Carolina last week were like, we suck. Let's just run Hubbard over and over and over again. Maybe this will work. and it actually worked And yeah, they're on my, they're on the short list here. But Ravens, I already mentioned them, the Eagles really realizing, oh yeah Saquon Barkley's good. Yeah, let's just get under center hand hand them the ball.


No, the Panthers is a great example. They invested in their guards and that was to help out Bryce Young and keep the pocket, the interior of the pocket clean. But then now it's paying dividends with the, you know, the tuba hubber and then they can just pound the rock 20 times. I mean this really defenses are giving you this, so you have to Investigate it. So what does this mean for the draft? Is this class, it's really a run class, A runningback class backs gonna be the same kind of assets they were Or are we gonna flip this? I think it's more, it's still gonna be like maybe, well the, this class is of course kind of a, you have Ashton Genti from Boise State who I have number eight on my big board. I just did a podcast with Dan Bruer, who from the Athletic, he has him number six overall in his big board. Oh my God. He's incredible. I don't know if you've watched him yet, but he is one of the most fun watches in any sports.


So yeah, Ashton Genti running back from Boise State, but then there's a lot of day two backs. Yeah. And you, you, it's just a difference now where these guys have to play all three downs. The only one that only star running back that doesn't do patch protection is Derrick Henry. But that's Derrick Henry. He can get away with it. Yeah. Because he's six five, you know, two 50 and we can give him the ball 40 times. So we're kind of getting to this new thing where it's like, yeah, you need you, you can't just go, oh, running backs don't matter in the sense that Yeah. Or I'm sorry, you can say run backs don't matter, don't take 'em in the first round. But you can't just ignore the position. Like Dallas, you have To still like Dallas did you still have to invest? Look at the Vikings who, like Sam Donalds had a good year, you know, turning into pumpkin a little bit.


Right now defense has got a lot of headlines of Brian Flores. They also took Aaron Jones, they Dr. Or or signed Aaron Jones. Yep. Totally changed their run game because he's explosive and, and now they don't have to rely on another 20 yard. Justin Jefferson play. Okay. Aaron Jones can maybe just give us a 15 yard game that we didn't have before. So like you have to invest in these positions that even, it used to be kind of a throwaway, but now I think day two, it's gonna turn into like, oh no, we gotta take another guy. Even if we have one, we need two if we're gonna really invest in this game. So it's why I haven't given up on the Dolphins yet, just because nine and eight is gonna be in the seven seed. But I, and they didn't even run the ball that well against the Rams. 'cause the Rams front has been pretty good. I think the Pats are gonna have trouble with it this week, but I think they're gonna be able to run the ball as it gets colder, which is unusual for our Miami team.


Miami Team. Right. But yeah, they have a bunch of Needs. Yeah. But then no, that's a great case. A question double based ball I have thing. Yeah. Do you have a favorite random non star arrow pointing up, running back as we head toward fantasy playoffs? Are you buying the guy in Denver? Big wave wire guy this week? Yeah. Hodrick Esme. Yeah, I am. I was pretty high on him in this draft. He was one of my more favorite backs. Nonstandard. Oh man. Now I'm well Tyrone Tracy. Everyone's got him now. No, He's already happened. Yeah, he's already swooped up by everybody. God no. That Actually bra a really good one. Are Do you have B Braylin Allen stock buried in, in like your shoebox up in your attic?


I do, I do. As if he's a Wisconsin guy. Yeah, I've been hearing about how young he is for about five years now. I know. Yeah. No, he, oh, AU Johnson. Maybe for the Bears. Oh. As maybe just a flyer because I don't know, like they invested in Deandre Swift, but it's kind of like Deandre Swift's making a lot of mistakes. So like in just other things and Rohan Johnson's a little safer, so maybe he kind of takes a few more touches there. So maybe that's one, you know, kind of looking on, you know, the kind of that tier running backs. Yeah. If you're throwing some dart throws, Ray Davis is the other one for the bills, but he's already probably been speaking By lot teams. Yeah, typical. Like a lot typically running backs. It's like seeing like a good looking actor or actress or like just hearing a good voice and you just know immediately.


I feel like with running backs, you know, right away it's like, oh, that guy's good. That's it. It's the easiest Position to scout. Yeah, it's like, it's, yeah, it's, it's the one where It's Ray Davis, you're like, oh, that guy's good. Oh yeah, he'll, he'll help the bills. You just kind of know immediately. Oh, he keeps Getting positive yards. This is good. Yeah, no, and, and in this class too, I'm in next year's draft class, there's just a ton of day two guys. Like, and it, it's, so there's kind of a rejuvenation of that, that position that's happening right now. All right. Nate Tice before we go, I'll give you 75 seconds to not panic about the Timberwolves. Oh no. Oh, I'm panicked. They need a players only meeting. They Ms. Kyle Anderson.


You know that they miss him so bad. My guy Slowmo, they, they really miss him right now because he was such a glue guy for them as far as just the second unit defense and, and just also auxiliary ball handler and all that. And I still, I still have the faith. I still have faith, but I was also wanting them to make the fricking semis for the in-season tournament so I can watch 'em here in Vegas. Like, you know, can we keep the NBA cup? Can we, like, can you guys focus on the NBA cup so I can watch you here in Vegas? But no, I am a little worried because there, there's a little bit too much of this kind of lackadaisical ness, especially on the defensive end. And Rudy Gobert has kind of said, oh yeah, it's on me. But you know, that's Rudy and it doesn't help when Carl Anthony Towns is dropping 40 something in, in New York, even though they lost still.


You know, that, that, that doesn't help. But, so I have a little bit more panic even though I've been, I'm still optimistic about this team because I just love Anthony Edwards so, so much. I said this on Tuesday nights pod. 'cause we did a pod after NBA cup and I was saying with the Timberwolves, it's early, you don't want to panic. Edwards is obviously better than he was last year, so that's a bonus. With that said, I just like the team from March, April, may more. I thought they were so unique. I didn't really know what the ceiling was. It was, but they were a one of one. There was nobody else like them in the league. And now I just feel like they're another team. Oh, that is, it's one of my biggest beliefs in sports is you gotta zag when everyone else is zigging and going, we need swing.


You know, we need all these swing guys, we need all these wings. And they're like, no, we're getting three centers. Yeah. And we're gonna just go down your throat because you're like a, a, a, you know, triple option team in college. Shoot, we only face this once a year. Like, oh God, all right, how do we defend this? Oh God, they're so unique and yeah, in a playoff time when you get the repeat matchups. But the thing is, who's still the, you know, one, well other than the thunder, the, the nuggets, they had the best counter for their nuggets. They could just keep throwing size at 'em. One a, you know, one after guy. I have Jo and all the guys, guys. I think that Dallas series really well, it's two things. It's one is it's a lot financially, it's just so much harder to keep anything together. and it was clearly a financial move first. But I also think that Dallas beat them in a way that made them think like, all right, we solved Denver, but now we have Dallas and OKC to worry about for the rest of the decade.


And maybe we should zag again. But I just, I I I don't like when you're doing something that, you know, you're being mentioned with some of the great teams in the last 35 years of the league at, and now you just seem like you're an ordinary team. Defensive. I know they're not ordinary. 'cause they have Gobert and they have Edwards McDaniels is playing better. Yeah, but it feels different. I'm not gonna panic until 30 games. I know you're an actual fan, so you're panicking now. No, I don't. Well, for me, my NBA fandom really starts after the All Star game because that's when Yeah, you Super Bowl happens. Yeah. NBA Allstar game. Okay, now I can start paying attention to other things, but now they're on a lot more national TV games and so I can't avoid them.


And, and so yeah, I I I do have some doubt, but I, I am an optimist overall. I do trust an Edwards. I do trust Finch. So you, Rudy, He gets Townes, like a SCOR lover and a and he's on a new team. You're just like, I hope that guy goes two for 14 every night. I wouldn't say it's rooting against, but I'll just say, you know, Knicks fans get ready for some bad fouls at the worst times and get ready for some frustrating you in the honeymoon Phase. Get ready for some frustrating turnovers where you're like, weren't you a coach's kid? Yeah. You know, get ready for those on top of the moments of brilliance where you watch one of the best offensive big men you'll ever see in most skilled guys. Yeah. But yeah, he's, he's a very frustrating player.


I, I, I'll tell you, Carl, I've, I've had some swear words, Carl Anthony Townes and so myself while watching him. Nate Tice, great to see you. You can read and follow Nate through the whole Yahoo Sports Network. Great to see you. Thanks for, thanks for being here on Drake May Island with me. Thanks for having me. I, I'll, I'll look over your yard. Let me know if you ever need sugar.


This episode is brought to by the Home Depot, whether you wanna knock it outta the park gift wise or treat yourself to a little extra. The Home Depot's got you covered with the gift that keeps on giving. Pick up a select battery kit and get a select tool from top brands like Rebi or Milwaukee for free. That's right. For free. Whether you're building out your personal workshop or buying for someone else, you can choose from reciprocating saws, multi tools, circular saws, and more. Get Black Friday tool savings delivered from the Home Depot. Limit one per transaction exclusions apply full eligible tool list in store and online.


This episode is brought to you by Coke Zero Sugar, a very popular product in the Simmons house. Being a fan takes a lot. Loving your team through the lows and the highs can be thirsty Work. That's where Coke Zero sugar comes in. And we've actually got some Coke Zero sugar right here in my little studio. Let's give it a try. Nice. Beautiful. Like kind of a darkish red can. I'm just gonna give it a whirl. Yeah. My fingernails. Oh, there we go. Oh yeah. Okay, let's try it. Wow, that's really good. Coke, zero sugar. Delicious, incredible taste. And again, zero sugar. Best coke ever. Lemme take another sip. That might be the best Coke ever. God. That's delicious. Best Coke ever. I think so. Click or tap the banner to find out.


All right, we're bringing house back to do million dollar pigs. Before we do that, it's time for today's player bundle segment presented by our friends at State Farm. Yeah. The best play in football. No one can deny the magic when the right two players work together to pull off the unexpected. Like for me, Brady and Edelman during the comeback against the Seahawks that culminated in the Malcolm Butler game, little Edelman Brady Magic. What do you have for in Washington history? It's, It's, it's gotta be, it's gotta involve John Riggins. It's gotta involve Joe Theisman. J Joe Thyman handed off to John Riggins Super Bowl 17. Yeah, 1983. The diesel down The sideline Baby. There we go. That's the one I remember as a kid. John Riggins, who everyone was saying was a character. And when we were kids, we didn't know what that meant. But it, it could have gone in a variety of directions. But one of the reasons he was a character was he got the Mohawk haircut once remember. Well, he like years before on another team. He, he also told the Supreme Court justice to loosen up. He loosen up. He did. He also did that. He was loosen up Sandy baby. He was a true eighties character and also had a little synergy with Joe Heisman. You know what else is better together? Building your home and auto insurance with the personal price plan from State Farm the personal price plan, which call the place so you can choose the right coverage at a price that's right for you. Talk to a State Farm agent today to learn how you can bundle and save with a personal price plan like a good neighbor. State Farm is there. Prices are based on rating plans that vary by state coverage. Options are selected by the customer availability. Amount of discounts and savings and eligibility vary very by state.


All right, we're gonna talk some million dollar picks. I'm still upset about what happened last week. We basically split Yeah. Last week. And one of the reasons we, even though I felt like we were all over the slate and we couldn't figure out a good way to bet on the lions, so we did the Lions first Half Lions game, that loss. Yeah, We really liked the Dolphins and we tried to get cute. We did dolphins plus four and a half with the over 42 and a half. And of course they, they just figured out a way to not get to 40 points in that game. I don't know what the Rams are doing, so we lost those two. But we hit Eagles Chargers, tees, we hit Steelers, Washington, we hit cards, jets like I feel like I have a nice feel for the slate and I like this week and I don't know, do you wanna do Chief Spills last or first?


Let's do it first. Let's go ahead and just, you know, sort of crush this because I'm having a hard time with this game. I'm gonna confess to you right off the top. Yeah, it feels like a build spot to me. It feels like a great spot for the Bills at home coming off of the last two seasons. Regular season wins against the Chiefs. You know, it it, it, it matters. Now look, with where the bills are with only two losses, it's kind of crucial in terms of the seating for the a FC. So that would be the argument for the Chiefs going all out here.


The Chiefs are not walking in here looking to concede anything to the bills. But I don't know, it just feels like a bill spot to me. As in a Bills minus two and a half, you'd wanna bet that spot and bet against Patrick Mahomes as an underdog even though his, what is he, 13, one and one as an underdog career. No, under no circumstances am I betting against Patrick. Alright. I just wanted make sure I thought you, I didn't, I didn't know if you were Buzz House or I just did Heroin House because we, there's no way we're betting against Patrick Mahomes. No, no, no, no. No chance. Absolutely no chance. So I do think it's probably gonna be a close game and I was looking at a couple of spots to bump that from a plus two and a half to either a plus three and a half or a plus four and a half.


I think the Chiefs can also win. It's a of course it's of course they can. I'm just like, I'm saying like we could just bet the money line but the bills, it's a more important game for them for nine different reasons. That's what I think. And that part worries me. I wonder if the Chiefs a month from now when they have all the weapons back will be a slightly different thing. But I just like the football matchup for them with the, the type of defense the bills have versus what the chiefs have just been good at are these long drives, third and fourths. Third and sevens just moving the chains. Moving the chains. And I think you can do that against the be and then go deep on 'em.


I think the fact that Baltimore looks so good against that Buffalo D that time. I don't think, that's not nothing like when they went against a really good quarterback, they got kind of torched. So Yeah, what what what scares me like inside the X's and the O's is how hurt Buffalo is at the receiver position and if they try and establish the run, then you're, then you're in trouble because the chiefs have a dominant Defense. The chiefs will swallow that run Defense looks like KK Don Kade might not play. Yep. And even if he plays this hurt Ammar Cooper's hurt. I don't know what's gonna, we're taping this on a Thursday. I don't think this is the right version of the Bills team. Right.


To, 'cause I think realistically you, you need to get to 27 points to beat this chief's team. It does seem like make them Put up points back. But anyway, there's a couple things I have with chiefs plus three and a half or chiefs plus four and a half tied to the Lions. Let me ask you this before you do it. Why aren't we just auto teasing the Chiefs taking the chiefs from two and a half up to eight and a half. I looked at that. Couldn't really find the second team that I felt awesome about like you suggested the Dolphins. I don't trust the Dolphins, I don't trust this jockey. Mike McDaniel. I don't wanna put him in a tease. I'll confess I've had some mis misgivings my own self Looking at that one.


I don't, I just, Tua like with Tua trying to tackle that dude on the interception and it, it seems like he got hit in that. I just don't want any part of that. So one of the things I was thinking was you could take the Chiefs to plus four and a half, you could do the Detroit first half game bet against the Jaguars who they're favored by 13 and a half against Mac Jones. That's minus 1 0 2. You could do Chiefs plus three and a half Lions minus two and a half against the Jags. That's minus one 19 basically. Maybe that's, I like That one by that Extra half point. Lions just have to win by three. Yeah. Okay. Now Mac Jones's gonna win in Detroit. Nope. No sir. No, No he is not.


He's not winning. Okay. So I'll mark that down. Next one. Both of us like the Broncos are home for the Falcons and this line is under three and it's a gift from the Gods Denver's defense. First yards per play, second in sacks, third in QB hits their top 10 against the run and the pass. Atlanta's defense 32nd in sacks 31st in QB hits 24th against the pass. 28th against third down. Here's my point. I think Denver's d can chase Kirk a little bit, make some plays and I think Bo Nix is gonna have time to throw and he feels like he's getting a little bit better every week.


Nate Tice talked about it. He's turned into like he's a serviceable starter. They can run the ball. I like this rookie that's gonna play for them that everybody's grabbing, including in our keeper league. I grabbed him, Este Tine, whatever his name is. Yeah, whatever. Seems like they're excited about him, but I think they can run the ball. I don't think the Falcons are good. How about that? Not only do I share this opinion, I think the Broncos, I'm gonna be looking at some alt lines to lay, Oh, we did that last Week to lay for Denver. Yeah. Well no, I'm gonna lay extras to get some juice on it for Denver. 'cause I think they might beat the hell out of Atlanta. It's Atlanta, you know, to Denver.


The altitude, it's outdoors. So the version of the Atlanta offense that has been successful, the, the wins that they've collected, that's not gonna be pre. And I just think this Denver defense is going to be getting up the field and into Kirk Cousins and making him uncomfortable. And Bo Nicks has shown us, you know, he's got a string of over 200 yard games and, and it's confident. Yeah, a couple touchdowns. I I mean I I think it's a, it's a great spot for Denver plus John Peyton's not gonna lose three straight games. I mean they, they lost to Baltimore. Fair enough. They lost to the Chiefs in a game they had won until the last play of the game.


Well, until the Chiefs cheated. Let's be honest, what the hell is that? Have you seen some of the internet videos of that? There's it. Are you allowed to put 19 guys on one side of the line and just knocked the left guard flying backwards with seven guys? Thought we outlaw that. That's the A side team right there. That's the chiefs, that's the A side team. So Yeah, Atlanta on the road. They've had four road games so far. We two Philly game was over Philly fucked it up and Atlanta scored at the end one by one. Carolina. They killed Tampa. Barely won easily could have lost then New Orleans, they lost you go look at through their wins and it's just like they easily could be three, they have six wins.


They also easily could be like three and seven. Yeah, yeah. They're three plays away from being a three and 17. I I just don't think they're impressive. I thought that New Orleans loss was awful. I don't think there's any difference between the, the, these two teams in terms of, you know, power ranking and all the rest of it. I prefer Denver. Me too. I think Denver's like, oh sorry, you lost to Baltimore and Kansas City. Like, I, I still feel like they're in back to back weeks. Yeah. They're the good bad team. I'm in on Denver. So Denver minus two and a half, we'll mark that. I hesitate to bring this one up. But Colts plus three and a half against the Jets.


It feels like a unique chance to bet against a downtrod in Jets team that has sucked the soul and life and spirit out of the fans, out of the city, out of the players and the team. The Rogers thing. Tim Canone had a thing on ESPN. He had a whole story about the last four weeks of Rogers. You read that and it's like, this is bad. and it, it was not like, not a lot of smoking gun stories, but it's just like, this sucks. These, this has gone, it couldn't have gone worse. Their season's over. I don't think they like playing with Rogers. They built the whole team around him and he's, he's banged up and probably broken.


And then you have the cols who were getting points, the Jets their 30th rushing the col. That's the one way to beat them is to run on them. The jets are bad at running the ball as anyone has. Bri Hall knows. I just feel like the Colts can get on track. But Anthony Richards is start. Richardson is starting. So here, here's the thing, and I do want to to to lean into the cults, but it, it would be with caution. There is a bet out there that I think is a tremendous bet and it's Anthony Richardson over 38 and a half Rushing yards. I think he might run for a hundred yards.


Like I, I'm not, I'm not suggesting anybody wager on that, but I think that the commitment that Shane Steichen is, is going to make to getting Richardson's confidence back. The thing that he is best at is moving the football with his legs. They are going to give that man the green light. And the thing that we have seen with this Jet's defense again and again and again is they are not tough. That is not a tough defense. They don't like to, to to take on big what we saw in terms of the Cardinals running the ball right down the Jet's throat, the, the 50 yard play, you know?


Right, right at, right before halftime with the Cardinals against the Jets. That's, that's the identity of this Jet's defense. I love the Anthony Richardson over 38 and a half rushing yards. That's my favorite, one of my favorite bets of the weekend. So they're plus three and a half. What if I offered you Colts minus two and a half parlayed with Anthony Richardson. Over 38 and a half Rushing yards is plus 360 6. I mean, are are we, what, how am I allowed to say fuck yes on this podcast? You're, I mean, you know the answer to that. Whatcha Talking about I I love that one. I, The other way to do that is just do the Colts money line plus 1 76, that's plus 3 0 9.


Where, Where do you think Aaron Rogers is gonna go in the Trump administration? Where, where, where he's gonna be the ambassador. Where's he gonna be? The ambassador? The ambassador to, He's gonna be the ambassador of Ascal. Is that called To Mexico? Aya? Is he going, is he gonna South America? Turning into my dad. Ayahuasca. Ayahuasca. Where's Ayahuasca? He's gonna be the ambassador of Ayahuasca. He could be the ambassador in Ascal. They could send him to to, to Tahiti. Where's he wanna go? He's gonna, he's definitely gonna get a job in, in the administration. So Colt's plus three and a half with Richardson over 38 and a half is plus 2 0 9.


Let's Do that. That's fun. Plus three and a half. It's a field goal game. Okay. Don't you think that's fun? Yeah, that's a good one. Plus, every time, Richardson, the fun thing about that is it is fun to watch him run. You sure you don't wanna do the plus 360 6 where they win by two and a half, Two and a small, you know, like we did last week. We did, we put 10 grand on some ridiculous. Yeah. That both the Giants and somebody else to win. Oh, San Francisco, This, that, that lost Those, those two teams. Alright. By the way, I don't feel like the Cols are that bad. I thought Flaco and I, I thought it was the right move to start. And Flaco was terrible. Yeah. Like it's, it's officially over. I don't know what happened to him when the Browns for those five, six weeks, but he's back to being the Joe Flacco we remembered and love betting against.


I tried to do my erse impression on Monday 'cause I'm so PO on East coast. On our East Coast Bias podcast. I, I'm a thousand percent positive. That Erse after Richardson tapped out and, and said that in that press conference, he came downstairs and, and, and get this guy, this guy, I can't have This guy running. He's a quitter. Yeah. He just got back. I I can't have a quitter running my team. Shane. You gotta get this guy. And, and the team Shane's like, okay, okay. You, it's your, it's your team. It's your team. It wasn't the right football decision, it wasn't the right franchise decision, but you know, they, they did what the owner wanted and now we're back to the football plan.


And Shane Steichen has the football plan. So we're doing the right thing here. Next one. I think we are in violent agreement chargers against the Bengals. Chargers laying minus one and a half Bengals in a must win spot. A very popular public team. Explosive offense. Fourth passing Burrow's been a, a fantasy God. And yet I love the Chargers. Sha is this our argue pick? I don't know Here, here by the concern is Burrow these nuts. We're burrowed these nuts. Nuts. He is on a heater.


He's been incredible. And those weapons are unlike any weapons that the chargers have seen to this point. This Is, yeah, but we don't even know if Higgins is playing. It's still, He's got the red flag next to him. Believe me, I have in fantasy. Fantasy it's questionable. And they can't run the ball. The Bengals, they can't run the ball, cannot Run the ball. This is a, this, this is the Bengals season because they can't, they are behind both the Chargers and the Broncos. And if they lose to either one of these teams, that's it. Season's over. They can't climb Back hot. Take season's not over. Why? I don't think it's over. If they lose the game, Gimme the, gimme the, the rundown.


I think nine wins is gonna get the seven seat in the a ffc. Right now they have four wins. They lose this Chargers game they have at home Pittsburgh, week 13 at Dallas, at Tennessee. Those are gonna be two wins. Now we're at six. Okay. Yeah. Home Cleveland, that's seven. They get to play Denver week 17, that's eight. And then they're at Pittsburgh week 18. So it's not necess, they just have to split the Pittsburgh games beat Dallas, Tennessee, Cleveland, Denver, and get to nine wins. But Need, they need these tea, they need the Chargers and the Broncos both to fall off.


They, They're, yeah, but they could, they could take care of Denver by themselves in week 17. Okay. It, look, it wouldn't be great if they lost this game. I'm not saying it would be, but The reason to like the Chargers is because very quietly, Herbert is healthy. He's throwing the ball downfield, they have vertical weapons and Herbert is the speaking of being in, in his bag. There's a physicality to him. You forget that he's a tough SOB, he's Six. Six. That big boy has, has played hurt a lot in his career. We've seen him take shots and he's taking on the personality of Harbaugh a little bit. I i i, I like this little bit of a swagger that I'm seeing out, out of them.


I, I, I, I like the idea of the chargers here. I, I, I wanna just be cautious. That's all. They have six wins. They're playing b this is the hardest part of their schedule. Home Sensei Home Baltimore. At Atlanta. At Casey. So realistically, they probably have to go two and two to really feel good about the playoffs. But I, this is, this is where I've landed this. I think the line is two points off. Oh, I think they should be three and a half point favorites. Wow. What have the Bengals done to deserve anything? They're poorly coached. Their defense is awful. They have four. Their defense Sucks. They have four wins against teams that if you add up all their victories Yeah. Or not nine victories, they, they're four wins that come against teams with nine total wins Wins their defense.


31st in the red zone feels worse. 29th on third down, 27th on first down, giving them up 23rd against the pat. I just think, I think the Chargers are legit. Good. And then I'll throw this at you on one sideline. Jim Harbaugh on the other side. Zach Taylor. I just think they have the advantages. And this is gonna be a rare Chargers home game where there's not gonna be 30,000 of the other team's fans in the building. 'cause it's not like there's gonna be 30,000 bagels fans there. I think people like this Chargers team, there's an energy around them right now and, and I think Herbert's playing great and they could run the ball. I trust their receivers, their receivers are getting open.


Then third downs, I think, to me, this game reminds me of Arizona Jets last week where I just feel like the line's off. I thought last week I thought that Cardinals line was, was idiotic. And I think this line's idiotic. The Chargers also have Greg Roman in, in their mix. Who has all that experience from his time with, with Baltimore going up against this, this Bengals team, you know, going up against this Bengals defense. Yeah. I I I, I like the, I like the Chargers. This Seems like a very public bet where people look at it and they go, well, the Bengals need the game and Burroughs playing well, so they're gonna get it. And I don't think that's a good reason. The Chargers are a really good football team.


Both. I don't think they're on both sides. I don't think they're on that Chief's Ravens Bills level, but I think they're a notch below. And I think they'd be a really dangerous seven point underdog in a round one playoff game. How about this? I was looking for a possible angle to tease the Bengals, but then you look at the Chargers wins, they're all by margin. All of the Chargers wins have been at least seven points. Their defense. Their defense, yeah. Their defense gets better as the game goes along. They Choke the life out of you. Yeah. All Right. All right. So here's the game I really Steelers, it's in Pittsburgh. Steelers are seven and two. Mike Tomlin is a home underdog.


Whole bunch of reasons to be like, ah, of course we've taken the Steelers all year. I think we've taken them six times a million dollar picks. We have a bunch of futures with them. The thing that worries me house, this isn't the type of team that should succeed against Baltimore because Baltimore 32nd against the pe, right? You wanna throw on them, you wanna do what Burrow did last week. Pittsburgh wants to win. Like they beat you guys in Washington last week where they wanna run the ball, pound the ball, control the clock, then every once in a while, throw deep down one of the sidelines, but win with defense. And I, that's not how you beat Baltimore.


You beat Baltimore by throwing the ball on them. 'cause they suck on past defense and yet Pittsburgh's 26, but they're passing offense, their defense, their top five in a whole bunch of stuff. First down run red zone hits, turn overs. But Baltimore's offense is first to basically anything, everything. And it just feels to me like Baltimore is gonna be able to control this game and maybe they'll end to Pittsburgh, end up splitting the series. But I don't like the spot for Pittsburgh. I think this is a bad matchup for them. So how do you see it? So we just need to understand what we're walking into, right? Because underdogs in this series, you know, which other team is the underdog?


Ten one and one against the spread nine and three straight up in the last 12 matchups. So just that each of the last five times that the Steelers have been underdogs, they have won outright and over history. These two guys, Tomlin and, and Harbaugh the underdog, if they faced each other 32 times, the underdog is 23, 6 and three against the spread. It's, it's just insane. Pittsburgh, the, the underdog when it, when it, the, the line is three points or more. 18, two and three between these two guys.


So that's what you're up against when you're walking into this. But look, here's the thing. I'm not gonna make the whole handicap about one guy. It's just a big deal for Pittsburgh to not have Alex Highsmith because the, what he brings to them past rush wise, I got it out A pass pass rush. It's A pass rush Collinsworth. Yeah. He brought, he brought a balance, Right? And now that balance, 'cause we've seen it where we've, there's been guys missing help. It was missing for a couple games and it felt like they were back and now all of a sudden they're not back anymore. There is not a defense on earth that can slow down this Ravens team.


It it, it seems so you have to believe that there's a significant advantage, which is crazy for the Steelers at in special teams. We, we, you know, it, it's a rarity to talk about Baltimore being behind anybody else in special teams, but they are highly mediocre, highly average. Because Justin Tucker's fallen off a little bit. Punter, shanked a punt against the Raiders. And that is how the Raiders came back in week two. Yeah. And the Steelers are doing what they, they do, I mean, they're their third DVOA on teams. So maybe it's stay away. I'd like a tease leg.


Oh, come on To me. I would tease the Steelers up to nine and tease the chiefs up to eight and a half and two ha and just have these, these classic fistfight almost like Jake Paul and Mike Tyson. Mm. Bra. A classic heavyweight brawl. And make sure you're getting enough points on, on both side of it. And then just let those, the, these teams do what they do, which is play close games and, and rest peacefully with your winnings. Yeah. I don't feel it's dumb. Okay. It's, I don't feel great about it. Maybe it's a stay away. Okay. It, it's probably a stay away because we're trying to talk ourselves into the Ravens and every single piece of data over 20 years.


Right. Says don't and mean Don't do it. Memo Stewarts plus three at home is exactly the type of bet that I would do without blinking. Right? Right. I don't think they're gonna be able to run the ball on the Ravens at all. So now we're just putting the game in Russ's hands Against, do you know what the thing, Crappy pass defense. If you really, really, really want to bet the Ravens, make sure that Kyle Hamilton check on a daily basis. How's Kyle Hamilton doing? Right? You're right. Are the reports he might not play either? What are the reports about how he's feeling, how he's doing? How does he look? Is he, is he a go? Is he an not a go? If you have to bet the Ravens, that's the key. So you really like Browns plus one and a half against the Saints.


I love it. I I it's, it's the Jameis return game. Jamis back to New Orleans. Going right to Commander's Palace and getting to sit down with two dozen oysters. It's the Browns off the bye week. Here's, here's the distinguishing factor. Look at the Browns injury report. I'll tell you quickly, there are no names on it. The Browns, it's the healthiest. This Browns team has been all season long and, you know, coming into the season there was reasonable optimism for the Browns. I think their win total was eight and a half. And so that's a team. And, and the strength was supposed to be in the trenches for this Browns team.


Their defensive front seven, their offensive line. Well, their offensive line was basically hurt all the way up until this last, you know, two weeks. And they, because of the way the season has gone, they traded a Darius Smith in the last handful of weeks. But I, I think it's just the, the Saints team, they got the, the, the, the new coach Bounce. They got rid of Dennis Al. They Won one for the Clogger. That's the best. It's an amazing run for, for The cloggers. Wanna know The, the Sunday Night Bill Simmons podcast with Cousin Sal between middle, middle coach? Yeah, we've had a good run of coach nickname. Yeah. The, so the Clocker guys win.


Yeah, I think the Saints are terrible. They're terrible. Are they gonna be able to throw three bombs to Marquez? Val Valez, I can't even say the names. A again, I don't think so. I like The, can I read, read you some really fun Cleveland offense versus New Orleans defense matchups for this game. It's gonna be hilarious. Cleveland's offense. 32nd in yards per play. New Orleans defense. 32nd in yards per play. Yeah. Cleveland's Offense. 28th pass New Orleans defense. 29th pass. There we go. Cleveland's offense 28th with the run New Orleans defense 27th. And then Cleveland's offense, 32nd hits to the quarterback.


So last they've given up the most quarterback hits New Orleans 27th and hitting the quarterback. So this is like the worst possible offense against the worst possible defense. Basically. What A match. You said Browns are healthier. Nick Chubb, who had a bi-week last week, who was finally starting, maybe this is like the Nick Chubb game. Jameis going to New Orleans. I kind of like the Browns. I'm with you. Isn't that fun? Let's do it. Plus the line is so crazy. Yeah. The Saints being favored. The clogger favored. Look at the price. It's like even money to to, to take the, the favored team. And you have to lay crazy juice.


If you want to take the, the, the Browns, it's like minus 1 25 to get the one and a half points. Yeah. Why is that? The, the brown? Yeah. The minus 1 22 plus one. And so, so is this is a money line bet then? Yes. Yes. Clearly Minus Brown's minus 1 0 8. Okay. That sounds good. All right. I think we have all, was there anything else you liked or, no, That was it. That's probably my favorite bet. The Browns because it's, it's so dumb and hilarious. I think the Rams Pats line is like a point and a half too high toward the Rams. It's Rams minus four and a half.


But I, I don't wanna bet it. And I also don't know why we don't have money on the Packers Minus five And a half against Chicago. But it almost looks like a, looks like a trap game. Alright, that's good. So million dollar picks. Alright, I have a handle on it. Lemme ask you this. If I told you we could do Chiefs plus three and a half parlayed with lines minus two and a half minus one 19 and we do Chiefs plus eight and a half Steelers plus nine Ts, would you wanna do both of those or just pick one?


Let's do both. Okay. We don't have to do enormous amounts. All right. It's time. Million dollar picks. Week 11. Last week we lost $10,000 house. I don't know how we did it. It felt like we were all over the slate. We're still up with $768,000 for the year. First bet Broncos home against the wildly overrated falcons. This is only a minus two and a half. We think this gets to three by Sunday, right? Broncos by three on Sunday For sure. For sure, for sure. But we're, we're positive expected we, we beat the closing line value here on Million dollar Picks.


Yeah, we do it on Thursday nights. We're grabbing it early. We love the Broncos Defense not sold at the Falcons at all. They could easily be a three win team. And Sean, Peyton, I just them at home. Bo, Nick showing some signs of life. They got three running backs going Broncos minus two and half, that's our first one. Second one is one that house liked Colts plus three and a half against the Jets. Just 'cause if we can bet against the Jets every week, we're just gonna do it until Rogers get shut down. That's right. Anthony Richardson's in this game house, you had a theory about what Steichen's gonna do with Richardson. I really think that they're gonna put the ball in his hands and let him have the green light to, to, to run early, to run often and just like reestablish himself, reestablish the team's confidence in him.


He's a tough guy. He's gonna show them that he is a tough guy. He's gonna get the job done. And Ambassador Rogers can't wait to go off to his exotic destination. So we, that was plus 2 0 9 Colts plus three and a half with Richardson over 38 and a half rushing yards. It's a plus two bet Nine's a great bet. We're gonna put a hundred K on that one Chargers minus one and a half against the Bengals. I love this bet. I think the line should be Chargers minus three and a half. The Bengals people are just like, oh, the Bengals, they need the game. They can throw the ball. I I am in on the Chargers. I think they're a really good complete well-coached team that can run it.


They can throw it. They have a top five or six defense and, and I think the Bengals are really one dimensional. They make dumb turnovers. They, they do stupid fourth and two and they go for it and they get stuffed. Their defense is awful. And I think the Chargers win this game out, right? So we're putting 200 K in them in the Broncos minus two and a half as well. And then we're gonna put 200 K in the Browns minus 1 0 8 against the Clogger and the New Orleans Saints make the case really fast. Tough spot for the Saints with the injuries that they have. The Browns are coming off of by with the clean bill of Health. Jamis Winston, back to the scene of, of many crimes, none of which have been reported.


But he gets to get back to Commander Palace. We, we love the Browns offensive line. Defensive front seven, they're gonna put pressure on Derek Carr. No receivers left except for MBS. Good luck to the Saints. A lot of pick six misdemeanors and a lot of picks crossing route misdemeanors by Jamis. Last but not least, we're gonna do something a little different. Put a little more on this Chiefs game because it's Chiefs bills Chiefs. Yeah. Getting two and a half and we're gonna tweak this in two different ways for 150,000 each First chiefs up to plus three and a half, we're gonna buy a point and combine it with the Lions minus two and a half against the Jaguars and Mac Jones.


The lions are huge favorites in Detroit. So we're gonna use that. That's minus one 19. Then we're gonna tease the chiefs to plus eight and a half with the Steelers where we went back and forth. We have to put money on this game somehow we've decided this is a touchdown game one way or the other because we argue better for so long we realize, oh it's in Pittsburgh. Steelers are underdogs. This is a great spot for them. Let's just tease them to plus nine and enjoy it. So we're gonna put 150,000 on both of those bets. And the case is, it's the Chiefs. Their record is what, 27 and one and one as underdogs of Mahomes 127. I don't know how many times he's covered it. He's only lost once. Yes, in the bills home of the 13 seconds game bills are a little banged up.


I just think the Chiefs have a better team. I think the line's insulting. I think Mahome should be insulted. So we're putting bets on both of those. So to recap, 200 K on Broncos minus two and a half Browns minus 1 0 8 to win outright chargers minus one and a half. Then we're doing the Joe House parlay Colts plus three and a half with Richardson. 38.5 Rush a hundred K to win. Plus 2 0 9 on that. And then 250 K bets chiefs plus three and a half parlayed with the Lions minus two and a half. And then the Chiefs plus eight and a half Steelers plus nine as a tease. But before we go I have to ask you this. Joe House, do we do the cousin style special with Steelers?


Oh man, Ravens win. First Half Steelers win game nine to one on FanDuel. How could we not three times this year already. How could We not Three times already times Criminal negligence for us to sit here with this opportunity, this marquee game and not get in on this Cousin Sal special. It's a must have here on the million dollar pre Look. 20 5K sprinkling. Yes. Have to do it. A dust acquired mandatory 20 5K on the cousin Sal Steelers. Parlay Steelers special. What's he calling it? He gotta come up with a great name for it. I mean, Brandon, he, he's a, he's a master at branding. We Haven't come up with, this was special.


Fine. Great, great. The CSS S There we go. 20 5K on that is nine to one Un Fandel. It's hit three times already this year. It would be hilarious if it hit again. Those are the million dollar picks for Week 11 House Buzzed House semi drunk house. Thanks for staying up late with us. Thanks for not fan us. Good luck with your C Cup parlay. What'd you call it? The Sea Cup booster? Well, you didn't get the C Cup Profit booster, but I, I'll, I'll live with the C Cup parlay. I'm gonna go to bed now and dream about where Ambassador Rogers is gonna land. Good to see you. He. All right. That's it for the podcast. Thanks to Joe House. Thanks to Nate Tice. Thanks to Kyle Creon and Steve Saru.


As always, don't forget you can watch clips and videos from this podcast on the Bill Simmons channel on YouTube. And I will be back on Sunday night with the, because we'll be going live on YouTube as well. You can watch it as we do it if you want. Or you can just wait to listen to it later that night or the next day. Enjoy the weekend. I'll see you Sunday night.


Must be 21 plus in President select states for Kansas and affiliation with Kansas Star. Casino are 18 plus and President DC Gambling problem. Call 100 gambler. Visit rg help.com. Call 1 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org/chat in Connecticut. Or visit md gambling help.org in Maryland. Hope is here. Visit gambling helpline ma.org or call 8 3 2 7 50 50 for twenty four seven. Support Massachusetts. Or call 1 8 7 7 8 HOPE ny. Or Text HOPE NY in New York.