
Coming up. Coming up. I went to Super Bowl 59 in New Orleans And I talked to Sal about it. And it's next.


It's The Bill Simmons Podcast presented by FanDuel. The NBA season is hitting a full stride. Don't foul out on your chance to win with America's number one sports book. I like this part of the NBA season right before the All Star break because it starts to get weird. The teams that started out great, they start fading a tiny bit. The teams that you counted out, they start to look better. So you always gotta keep an eye as we head until late January 'cause stuff starts shifting. And you can bet on fun markets like Live Quarter player props and par lives. Plus, you can enjoy the new NBA player prop pages, your shop for player props that include FanDuel's exclusive performance trends, tracking the last five games for top markets. The app is safe, secure, easy to use, and when you, when you'll get paid instantly. So download the app today and bet with FanDuel official partner of the NBA, The Ringer is committed to responsible gaming. Please visit rg help.com to learn more about the resources and helplines available. And listen to the end of this episode. For additional details. Must be 21 plus in President select states game problem. Call 100 gambler or visit rg help.com.


This episode is brought to you by vrbo, private Vacation Rentals with vrbo. You always get the whole house so you and your fellow fans can cheer on your team in peace. What's worse than watching a game with somebody who's not rooting for the same team? You're rooting for nothing. But that's why if you book a vacation house with vrbo, you know all the people in your house, they'll be friends, they'll be family. Ideally, they'll be the ones who also root for my teams. Plan a winning vacation, make it a vrbo.


We're also brought to by The Ringer Podcast Network. I have new re watchable coming for you on Monday night. It is a very big movie from the eighties at least. It's an important movie to me. You can watch it as well on The Ringer Movies YouTube channel. You can listen to it wherever you get your podcasts. You can watch all the clips of videos from this podcast on the Bill Simmons YouTube channel. Speaking of The Ringer, big announcement coming from us this week. Very, very, very excited about it. Keep an eye out for it. Early in the week, we are making an addition to The Ringer Podcast Network and to Spotify and I'm pumped.


So keep your eyes out. Anyway, Coming up on this podcast, I went to Super Bowl 59 in New Orleans. Cousin Sal watched it from home in la. It was a disappointing game, but it had a lot of subplots. And we're gonna talk about all them next first, our friends from Proja.


All right, we're recording about 20 minutes after Super Bowl 59. A true dud Cousin Sal here. I was shellacked. My bets were shellacked. Million dollar picks were shellacked. I can't wait to talk about something that happened at the end of the game. Mahomes was terrible, Todd. So, but I don't wanna bill, I don't, I don't, I don't want it to end the season ends after this hour. So, Todd, I know you're right. Just talk very slowly. Let's safer the conversation. I'm gonna talk slow, as slow as that. Eagles, when they had the interception touchdown. Oh Yeah. On the offsides. When the guy just should have basically run back and forth on the one yard line like you were doing Madden and make one of the chiefs have to run 70 yards to tackle him. Yeah, he could've run, run off like a minute of the clock.


You're right. He could've killed the last seven minutes, but didn't matter. Well, so Let's go positive because there's so many chiefs angles, but let's go positive. The Eagles who had an awesome season, who, who had three losses that if like three plays went from the three losses, they were like an undefeated level team. Nobody kicked their ass. And then the last two games of the season, the Kick Washington's ass, they kicked the chief's ass. How good was this team for you? I think they were excellent and they peaked at the right time. And I don't wanna take a damn thing away from them. I mean, I'm a Cowboy Cowboys fan, so this is a nightmare. I mean, just being a Cowboys fan is a nightmare. That part. But I What did you ever, when did you put them in your top three?


Because I don't think it's in the last two weeks, maybe the three weeks. It's just weird. Like we should remember this like the best team, we may not even be on our radar until week like 21, but kudos to them. They deserve it. Both sides. The both dominant good for them. Well, we always felt like Baltimore and Philly were the best on paper teams, but we didn't know what that meant. And then when you think like Baltimore's gotta be just absolutely kicking themselves so hard where it's like, oh man, we probably could have done what Philly did to the Chiefs and we just weren't able to get to the game. But you know, the, we knew the defense was there. I remember doing the Million Dollar Pictionary on Thursday and it was like, there was two games I felt like this could be, it could either be like that awesome Pat Seattle game back and forth.


Chiefs win in the end. Or it could end up being like that. That Bucks Chiefs game. The 31 to nine game, right when they couldn't block anybody when they were off the whole game. And we talked on a bunch of different pods about how, if you like the Eagles just take them minus nine and a half, take them minus 19 and a half, just take 'em in some sort of blowout situation. 'cause if it was a close game, the Chief's history was there gonna win. You were on Ringer Sunday pregame talking about all the same stats. Everyone else was 17 and oh in the one score games for Mahomes 17 and three in the playoffs. The recipe to beat him was to basically beat the shit out of him and blow him out. Which is easier said than done. The Eagles did. It was great. Yeah, I think Mahomes actually may have been smart.


He purposely got blown out so that he could still say he's won 17 straight one score Game streaks alive. I I got the streak going. Yeah, it was, yes, you're right. I mean this was the, this was the recipe and like these, you know, they, they drafted all these SEC guys, right? The defensive linemen, all these Georgia guys. And it's like, ah, maybe the first year or two they weren't great. A couple of 'em, Jalen Carter you could tell was gonna be great. But it's almost like they had to go to college a second time in the pros to get great for two or three years. Yeah. And now they're spectacular. I mean that had had to remind you in a bad way of, I mean it's great because you could brag on Brady now and the Patriot's dynasty the the Chief.


I'm not gonna do that. That I'm gonna be weight class. No, I'm, You don't have segment for that. But no, I wouldn't Never that. On the other Hand, this is how the Giants beat the Patriots. This is how the Giants beat Jim Kelly and the Bills, right? This is how Tampa beat the, the Chiefs couple years ago. So I mean that six four man rush. Six sax. Yeah. Six sax with no blitzes. Like it's insane. You're, you're, you're toast. If that's the case, it Was the worst fear if you're a Chiefs fan. 'cause you're already nervous about your line. You already felt like you were sneaking by a game after game. You have a left guard playing left tackle. Which yeah, we saw Jeff Saturday on Friday night and we were asking him about it, just like, how hard is that to go from guard to tackle? And he was, he was basically saying, well, when you're a guard, you're a guard for a reason.


Your arms are too short, you're not tall enough, you're not quite strong enough, your footwork's not quite good enough. That's how you end up being a guard instead of a tackle. And it's like when you're playing a guard as a tackle, it's usually a little bit of a dangerous sign. He meant to say it's, it's as hard as going from NFL Analyst to head coach. Good. That up. He's a good, that fell. Yeah. But so if you're, the chiefs are going to the game and you're going, well we've gotten pretty lucky in some of these close games. Everyone's taking us, right? And we do have some holes that the right team could maybe get. But the recipe of this game wasn't what I thought. Even though it was the blowout part.


Mahomes was awful. Hertz was really good. Maah Hertz didn't just outplay Mahomes. Like he badly, badly Outclassed Mahomes, which I thought was Yeah, was was pretty nuts. Sorry, my computer's doing some weird stuff. I'm in a hotel room, but yeah, Hertel, but you don't have to go into the detail. Oh, weird stuff I see. Saying, well, I was set my hands up on the YouTube thing. Yeah. In The hotel. I got nervous. Yeah, Yeah. So Hertel plays Mahome and everybody was saying all week, ah, the Eagles have a better team, but you know, QB and coach late game stuff, I gotta take the Chiefs and then the QB coach thing. And they didn't get either their own. No, they certainly didn't. And now there's a lot of love and probably deservedly so for Sirianni, right?


Yeah. He only doest make the playoffs. He goes to championship games and won the Super Bowl and lost one. But yeah, I mean I, I looked like he Was gonna be fired in September. Looked like it was like he was gonna make it to Halloween. It's really, really weird what goes on and Mahomes like, I don't wanna blame him fully because he is been great and that offensive line just got manhandled. But early on he didn't help himself out trying to, trying to wedge, you know, get, get those passes into Kelsey who couldn't bend over to catch him. There were bad throws anyway. And then those interceptions were just abysmal. So we saw about three. Yeah. And on the flip side of the worst Joe jobs. Yeah. And Hertz was great. Like even Hertz had that on the first drive. He had a perfect throw down the sideline to AJ Brown that got called back for a pretty shaky pass interference.


And then everybody had the same reaction. Here we go. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I have all that written down and that is one good thing about this. Like we, that, that didn't come down to that. And I was like, okay, they called the Pi on Brown, but the Eagles got it back on that dumb call that even worse call on Godard. So thank God we're not talking about the refs. We're not leading with 'em. I don't even know why I'm talking about 'em now. But that's the one good thing about a blowout like this. But I wasn't sure that Hertz was gonna get like MVP until the second half, until he started running. He ran for like two first downs. He Was really good. Cooper Deje could maybe sneak in, but yeah, he had to give it to him by the end. Yeah, he was, I thought, I mean he only had five Incompletions. He was 11 for 72 running. He had some pretty backbreaking runs at the perfect times.


He had some really nice throws. I didn't feel like other than that pick, which it was a pick, but it also wasn't like the worst thing in the world. The guy got tackled at the two. It was a nice play. And they went three and out. I mean, they could not get a first down early on it. Yeah. But you think that that barley was 25 for 57. The chiefs were saying, you're not beating, you're not beating us with barley. That didn't matter. 'cause you know, Hertz was getting these plays and then Mahomes was just awful. I mean, so I'm looking big picture for the, for the Eagle side of this incredible drafting. Yeah. For a couple years in a row, which is the key to everything. And this was, as you know, obviously was so focused on that 20 year Pats run.


And it always ebbed and flowed with the drafts. They always had Brady and Belichick and it always came down to could they get two or three good drafts in a row? And if they didn't, that's when the team started to fall apart. The Eagles said the opposite. They just nailed drafts. They had some luck. Like Jalen Carter Falls Toine because he had a pretty terrible car ac or car crash incident with one of his teammates. And he falls seven spots lower than he should have. Even, even our guy coop, I mean he fell at 39. He was the third best defensive back in the draft. The Pats passed on him, traded back, passed on him again. And it just over and over again, they're nailing these dudes. And then Barkley was one of the best signings of the decade.


Yeah. It really has been just a, a masterclass for the last two, two and a half years. It's Killing you. I could see the pain in Your eyes. I know. I hate it. You're like, oh, It's really been a masterclass. Fuck this shit. Well what, like, what could be worse for a Cowboys fan? I don't wanna make it about me, but that Now, you know Jayden Daniels, that's what we do in This pod. We make it about us. What do you mean could Be around for a decade in the division? Oh, and the Eagles are great after losing the same last six inexplicably last year. And my, my team has gone to shit. But yeah, I mean I can't say enough about this Eagles team. I mean really just, I, I don't know. But then again, if you look at, if you saw 25 for 57 for Barkley, how much more would we have put on the Chiefs? I know it's So you think like even with this, even with the playoffs for the Eagles, right?


First round they played Green Bay solid game. Yeah. 2210 shut Green Bay down offense wasn't great. Some Hertz questions remained the Rams game. They're up comfortably the whole game. Then at the end, defense gets tired and it felt like the Rams were gonna steal the game. And there was some signs and it's like Hertz couldn't put 'em away. And it was like, huh, what's that? But then those last two games, the Washington and the Casey games are about as skid. And we've been on the other side of this where we've ridden teams over the years. Like the, the 2000 Ravens was one of my favorite. That Bucks team with Brady. That was another one. Right? This was another one of those teams that just got better over the four rounds, had this defense was just, felt like they peaked at the, the perfect time unlike the Chiefs.


Yeah. And we dealt with, we did the opposite of peaking because all those games you mentioned, the Eagles won the turnover battle, right? Yeah. And the Chiefs pretty much won the turnover battle except against Buffalo. But you always thought like, all right, it's not gonna be the case that the chiefs are gonna get crushed in turnovers. Right. And they Right. And it was three to one as a crushing and you know, 37, 23 for time of possession is even worse. I mean we, you know, Mahomes ends up with decent numbers, but no, We can't say enough. We're Saving that for next segment. Couple things with the Eagles that we should just remember from a playoff manifesto standpoint. Casey was negotiating for that Threepeat, that story came out during the week.


Yeah. That they were negotiating with Pat Riley about the Threepeat and how to pay. That's going in the manifesto. I'm putting in extra in the playoff manifesto. Team is negotiating for what's gonna happen after they win the title. That's immediately a fuck you like I, I wish, I can't believe I didn't like factor that in to anything. Oh come on, I You put that, you put that right on the chalkboard. This team's already like negotiating after they think they're gonna win. Like you Are we gonna, I it just, I don't know. That seemed like not nothing you don't think, Did Pat Riley bet the Eagles? I mean that would've been a nice hedge 'cause he lost a lot of money on t-shirts and everything else. Now for this three people. Pat, pat Riley had $5 million on the Parley. Right? Right. Jimmy Butler's first game of the Warriors and yeah, I guess it is.


I guess they wore a bunch of red, red flags, but 'cause a Revenge thing too, right? Because they lost to the Chiefs a couple years ago. So that was in there. Yeah. But the lesson for me, and this was the single worst game to talk about ever since we've been doing this, because everybody, it almost, the analysis didn't matter because it all came down to, well the Eagles are better really everywhere, but you know, you can't go against the chiefs like that. That was literally including me and including you. It was was like that. So now I feel like we're back. Now we can analyze football games correctly again. Yeah. And now we can actually have takes because the chiefs have kind of ruined it. Like the fucking Luca trade took over the Super Bowl discourse all week.


'cause it was like, yeah, it wasn't even fun to talk about this Eagles game. Well now ad's out a month and so now it looks like Dallas didn't get a steal. Like everybody was clamoring that. They really won that trend now though. No, it, yeah, you're right. Yes, you're right. We could go back to I, I just don't think that, I don't know. Well, yeah, I know we spend like hours talking about should this be one, should this be one and a half? Why? Oh, is is the number gonna flip? It never matters. And you're right, we, we don't have to go because I felt like anybody, I was just at a Super Bowl party who didn't know a thing about football can come in not watching and be like, oh, it's just tough to pick against the chiefs. I'm like, shit. That's what I've been saying with Simmons for the last two weeks. That's what Everyone was saying. I was in, Should we just live Since Friday?


I was, everybody's analysis was, well nothing else. You can't go against the Chiefs, Nothing else to add. The chiefs are good. They won the coach quarterback comment and they win close game. So don't, you know, it's a long off season. I'll feel Okay. Betting the ch I didn't wanna lose this way though. Where, where Mahomes doesn't show up at all and the line gets, there were like no signs that the line was gonna get overpowered. Was it like this? I didn't think that was The Case. No. Well, because I don't feel, Why didn't this happen to the Rams? You know, even Washington, like last week, Daniels moved the ball really well against the Eagles. And when you look back at the mistakes that they made, it was nothing that had to do with him. He was moving around, he was, felt like he was in control of the game and then his supporting cast kind of screwed the game up.


Yeah. So, you know, but on the other hand, they had two weeks to prepare. They obviously came in thinking if we can get a lead, we can, you know, we're gonna be able to dominate this game. And that's what I did. I was in the, I watched the game, I was in the FanDuel suite, our friends at fan Look at you. Yeah, it was great. It was actually really fun getting some of the insights of, you know, where people had too much money, not enough money. Some of the props like that everybody, the barley, barley was under on everything. He didn't score a touchdown. Like so all those hit, the Kelsey stuff was way under, Mahomes was under for a while. But the big thing they were saying was the line never moved. Right. And even though everybody that we saw weekend in New Orleans was like kc KC, KC kc, the betting was pretty even.


Right. And a lot of the sharp money was on Philly. So the line stayed the same, which you know, is usually kind of a red flag. The Public All thinks the chiefs are gonna win, but yet the line's not moving. Hmm. Yeah. Yeah. And like adjusted lines won. Right. If they did take your advice and take the minus nine and a half and stuff like that. And the over which wasn't looking good for a while, ended up coming in in a big way. So, but I mean there are some, you know, there are some crazy thing I, I don't know, like Hertz first touchdown, they, you see you said they got beat on that, right? And they must, oh Let's talk about that. So Dotson catches a long touchdown. Yeah. Dots was 85 to one. Incredible to To be the first touchdown.


They're celebrating it seemed like a touchdown watching from the stands, unquestionably a touchdown. And then they review, it's like whoop not a touchdown. All of a sudden we're touch pushing. Right. They had Herz anytime Touchdown Hertz first touchdown was one of the most popular bets. So that was a loss. I had no question. I had both of those And I had under one and a half for shortest touchdown. So it was either gonna come from Hertz or Barley or Kareem Hunt or something like that. So that, that was about the only thing I won. But 85 to one, I know they give money back sometimes if a guy gets hurt on the first snap, you should get a little money back. If you had dots in that 85 to one. It's some, Some it's eight inch line. Yeah, Well I had one of the 'cause Gambling's legal here in Louisiana, so I did a bunch of Super Bowl bets at that and you're not gonna believe it, but I didn't do great.


What? But one of the ones I had was, was Hertz first touchdown with chiefs to win the game and it was 15 to one. Oh. So Hertz scored and then you go in the app and you can be like, you can get out of this right now. And I'm like, do I get outta this? I don't really like the way the Chief's like, nah, I arrived. It's the Chiefs, it's Mahome like to the bitter end. Even when it was what? 17? Nothing after the pick six you're going, ah, this is his 28 3. He is gonna come back and he just never did It jumps up on the app. Like what Bill? This is a wellness check You could get out now. Bill, We're gonna give you three more warnings. Bill, Please log off. Let's take a break and we'll come back and we'll talk about Mahomes.


This episode is brought to you by LinkedIn in basketball, a blockbuster trade can make or break your playoff run before the deadline. GMs across the league scour for the right data and insights. Hope their moves pay off February 6th trade deadline this year by the way, just like in basketball, growing your small business in 2025 all comes down to how well you can build your team. That starts with better insights from LinkedIn with unique skills and interests to the connections you have in common. LinkedIn has the strongest hiring data and insights to help you identify the right professionals so you can make the best hiring decisions. LinkedIn pairs you with the high quality candidates you need to make your business grow and flourish. LinkedIn also lets you go beyond candidates who are actively applying in a given week. 171 million LinkedIn members aren't actively seeking jobs, but they are open to new opportunities Who isn't? That's a big pool of people you don't wanna miss out on. And who knows, one of them could be your next all Star player. So hire smarter in the new year. Find your next great hire on LinkedIn. Post your job for free at LinkedIn dot com slash simmons. Once again LinkedIn dot com slash Simmons to post your job for free. Terms and conditions apply.


This episode is brought to you by Rocket Money. You sign up for something, forget about after the trial period ends, then you're charged month after month after month. The subscriptions are there but you're not using them. In fact, I just learned that 85% of people have at least one paid subscription going unused each month. Thanks to Rocket Money. You can see all your subscriptions in one place. Cancel the ones you're not using anymore. Now you're saving money. Rocket Money is a personal finance app that helps find and cancel your unwanted subscriptions. You have so many of these monitors your spending and helps lower your bills so you can grow your savings. See all of your subscriptions in one place. Know exactly where your money is going. For ones you don't want anymore. Rocket Money can help you cancel them. Rocket Money. Over five million users, they've saved a total of 500 million in canceled subscriptions. Saving members up to $740 a year and using all the apps premium features, cancel your unwanted subscriptions, reach your financial goals faster with Rocket Money. Go to Rocket Money dot com slash bill today. That's Rocket Money dot com slash bill.


Alright, so with Mahomes it was feeling at some point if you were pro Mahomes Pro, this is the guy on par with Brady, all that stuff. It was like, could this be his 28 to three game? Including when, when, when Coop got the pick six, it's like, oh, we're now following the recipe for the 28 3 Falcons game. Then it gets to, what was it, 24? Nothing. It was same thing. It's like, oh okay, this, this, this will be it. Maybe we're joking in the, in the suite like oh maybe he's doing this intentionally. Maybe, maybe he wanted to add this degree of difficulty comeback thing to the whole Mahomes goat legacy that he ends up with a three p with a huge comeback. That was not what happened though.


No, it was not even close to what happened. And I gotta say he was terrible. He was terrible from the first drive. He had that second down pass to Kelsey. They were moving the ball. They got a first down. They see my dad a little momentum Kelsey over the middle and throws it way behind him. And I, I swear he must had 10 terrible passes. I'm not counting what up In the fourth quarter the game was over and the game mattered. He was, it was the worst he is ever played by far. We were like, I don't know if you could bet on something like this, but like do we hear Tuesday that he had rotator rotator cuff tear or something because the throat Were or a like a torn labrum? Yeah. Or like a hip flexor. Yeah, I don't know because there was a couple places where he was scrambling around and it looked like he seems physically a hundred percent Right and then that, that's where it usually hurts you.


But yeah, he could not, he could not get it. I I, I didn't know what I was looking at. I was like, is it raining in there? Is it poor? Like it looked like a bad weather game too. I just hadn't seen him like that. I, I don't know, I don't count that Tampa Bay game. Like when they lost in the Super Bowl of Tampa Bay, you were like, oh well that Game was was ugly fault for couple quarters and yeah they had, they, they didn't really blame. That thing happened a couple days before with this family and it's just the whole vibe of that game was off. This was different. Right. This was, he was specifically missing guys. Like there was that one when he rolled out and he had Hopkins on the third down And I felt like he could have scrambled for 20 yards or just thrown Hopkins a good pass. And he did neither. And Hopkins dropped it but it was like over and over again.


He just sucked. Yeah, it was bizarre. It was like people were like incredulous in the stadium. Everyone was like, what's going on? Is he sick? What's happening? Your boy was giddy too. I mean I don't think he, I think he went like three minutes without talking Brady. He was just like giggling in the corner. Good For him. Well that's the thing. If it had been on Mahomes, his version of 28 to three with Brady announcing, that would've been great Instead. This is probably the best moment of Brady's career since he retired. Yeah, because it was a lot of Mahomes. Mahomes, Mahomes. Is he the goat? I don't know. Well if he gets his Threepeat, Brady's never done that. And now he goes down with two Super Bowl blowout losses. Brady had zero, Brady lost three times in the Super Bowl.


All one score games where he had the ball on the last drive with a chance to like steal the game, never got blown out. And then, and then he beat Mahomes twice. That's it. Two oh In the playoffs and it's like, can we fucking settle down now for five years with the Mahomes goat stuff? Please. Thank you. I think you did by yourself at least three years. Five might have been a lot. Yeah. Yes. But be because I thought like if he wins four next year we, you could make a good case for it, but you're not gonna like this. I still think his best Super Bowl in terms of grading this legacy versus Mahomes is the one where he beat Mahomes. Now that wasn't what the Patriots, I'm sorry to say, but I feel like that's his greatest claim.


That's his greatest claim. The him being better than Mahomes. Come on. Crushing Maal. Of course it's His best. Super Bowls were the Seahawks one and the Falcons one. Ah those were the, those were the ones the, the comeback. But then that Seahawks game being down 10, those two drives that he had against Seattle, that was outrageous. Well I'm saying in terms of comparing him to Mahomes, I think you have to do the head to head. But I know he is beat him in the championships. The Threepeat was the only thing Mahomes could have done that surpassed anything Brady did. So Now, you know Mahomes is gonna, is about to hit his thirties. Yeah. He's got, he's three and two in the Super Bowl. And the thing about the Super Bowl is it's really hard to actually win the Super Bowl. Yeah. Brady made it 10 times. He went seven and three.


He easily could have been three and seven. He easily could have been 10 and oh you know, but, but Mahomes three and two so we'll see. 'cause Kelsey, I think, you know, if they'd won the Super Bowl, would Kelsey retired? I would've bet. Yes. Yeah. I dunno what Happens with that now Chris Jones getting older, when we talked about hitting the drafts, they hit that McDuffy Carl LTI draft looks like they hit the worthy pick, but the offensive line is like really rough. There's other teams coming. The Chargers are gonna be better. We saw Tyreek Hill on Friday. I was trying to get em to come to the Pats wasn't happening, but it it, there was, there was a team. Are You gonna tell him what he said afterwards? What'd he say? After I said come to the Cowboys and, and then he did the eyes thing like, I'm looking at you.


I said, you may have to be our running back too. He is like, that's all right, I'm ready. So here we go. That is good news for Dallas. Well And then somebody that was with him was like, watch out for the Chargers and walked off. I was like, what do you mean? Can We bet this? I'll say though, but everyone's going, oh, the division, the coaches are so great in the division, you know, for the, in the a FC West lookout, there's still four games better than any of those teams. They're still a month better than the Chargers. Right. So, you know, they're not going away anytime soon. I don't think the Chiefs, as far as Brady goes, if you were in a coma for a year and you came out of it and you said, how was Brady? And I would've told you, oh my God, he had his best year ever. He he, he took a gigantic leap ahead of Patrick Mahomes.


You're like, what do you mean his best year by doing nothing? It's like, yeah, no, he was a c plus in the booth, but this was his best year ever. He somehow bought a majority stake of the, bought a majority stake of Vegas for 10 million bucks. He, he, he owns a team. He's the GOAT again. The goat almost got taken to him. Now he is back. Right. I thank you for calling him a C plus in the booth by the way. Is that generous? Yeah. Yeah. That seems I'd be a good teacher. Yeah, I didn't So tell me about this, the broadcast and Brady and how he was talking about Mahomes and was there anything interesting? 'cause obviously he just Laughing the whole time. I thought it was embarrassing. It was like pointing and laughing. They cut away to him. No, I thought he was just fine. I, you know, I I I'm not one to watch a lot but during, I have like 44 beds.


I'm not kidding. I like 44 bets and I'm constantly checking on him throughout. But he was fine and he was like, oh sometimes this happens. And he, it seemed like he blamed the line and praised the Eagles, which he should have defensively more than getting on Mahomes case. Their defense was, their D backs were great. They broke up that fourth and three that that guy broke on and perfectly. Yeah, I was, I was thinking about it from a Pat's perspective 'cause just trying to figure out, 'cause they almost have this blank slate for how to put together a team now. Right. Because they have the coach and the qb they have basically have nothing else except Christian Gonzalez and Bar comes back and it's like, how would you build this team? And it really feels like I, you just spend everything on the lines.


You can figure out everything else after. So there's that, that Mason Graham, the Michigan defensive tackle and it's like, let's just get that guy. Maybe he could be Jalen Carter and just push the line like that. But it would seem like the sweet spot would just be having these four guys that can just push the pocket and then you don't have to blitz, you don't have to do any of this gimmick shit. And then you can kind of patch together. Everything else would be one way to do It. How about the other part of the line? The one that Saquon ran for over 2000 yards. Right. Couldn't that too, couldn't get it going with the Giants. Like it's just, it, it makes a world of difference if you could figure it out. You know, you don't turn the ball over as much when you own both lines. You win time of possession by 13 min, 14 minutes in the Super Bowl. It's a pretty good thing. Well that's why Like when the Dolphins, they spend half of their salary cap on Tua and the two receivers.


It's like, what do you Yeah. How's this gonna play out? I thought the Chiefs fan base, I gotta be honest and I'm sure I say this knowing this will immediately be thrown back at my face with, 'cause the Patriot fans did the same thing. Yeah. Just Needed a maybe a 60 ounce cup of settled down juice. Oh Really? There was the chess were out, the chess were out this weekend. I'll just, there's a, there was a lot of confidence. Rightly so. 'cause they had the best guy in, in the league and they win every one of these games down the stretch. And it was a fan base that maybe needed their version of what happened to the Pats in oh seven. And what happened to the Pats and the Nick Foles, Doug Peterson Super Bowl and some other great teams where sometimes why didn't tell John it.


You should have told him to calm down. Him Was introduced to the starters before the game. That's what I'm saying. It's like relax. He'll never do that again. I can't have him back. Wasn't Ham a Rams fan for like 40 years? He says he hasn't figured out that St. Louis Kansas City thing. Yeah, no, he's, he was with the Rams when they moved. He jumped to the Chiefs. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Have has anyone, have we litigated that? Do we need to have him on the podcast and really like dive into what's going on here? I'm sure you know, he come on, you'll get lost in his eyes and he'll be like, all right. That's good. Good enough Excuse For me. He's so handsome. Yeah. Can we talk about, have you ever seen anything like how bad Mahomes was in this game? From a great player standpoint?


I was rocking my brain. 'cause there was so much dead time during this game. I was like taking notes of my, I wasn't expecting to take this many notes, but like I was taking like magic in the 1984 NBA finals. Sorry, I had to work the NBA in there we go. But magic like just sucked in the finals. Like he caught someone a couple games. He wasn't quite magic yet though. They had won the 80 and 82 titles, but he wasn't like he's the best player in the league. Pey Manning had that New Orleans Super Bowl where he threw the pick six and he was kind of the, he was either the best player in the league or one of the best players. Yeah. But I can't really remember as somebody who was like, this guy, everyone agrees is the best player in the league and he, he's in his prime sucking this badly.


It was almost like a, it was like a Greg Norman golf major type of type of performance. Like he, the amount of throws that he missed and how frazzled he seemed and then they're doing the stats at halftime and this is the one of the 10 worst EPAs of the last 50. All that shit. It's like, oh my God, this is the best guy in the league. This doesn't happen Ever. Well I'm trying to think what we're well for, I mean, you know, you can go like Clayton Kershaw and everything, but I'm not about, not sure about, But he was, remember the best guy in the league one Game, I mean Was I was thinking Kobe pitch for 24, the first three quarters of that Celtic game when it, when he just seemed like he couldn't hit anything. They won that though, right? They they won. He came back. You wanna tell everybody they won? Yeah, They did win.


I'm trying. Cam Newton won MVP that year. Denver won 24 10. Well we never thought Cam Newton was the best guy. He Was MVP that That I know, but nobody was like, cam Newton is the Road Ghost or Cam Newton. It was like he had a great season. No, I get It. I get it. Yeah. I dunno what to, to Say. I guess like Montana against the Giants one year when they knocked him out, but he got knocked out If you count just super, super Bowls. I think you're, I think this is the best case. I mean in the seventies everyone threw it for 125 yards. Either one or lost. So Outweigh had some bad ones right before he won. He did, but it always felt like his teams were so overmatched. Yeah. This was one where I felt like the plays were there.


I, I know know their pass rush was good, but he was also missing everything he did. He was missing open guys. And it was one of those things that almost became like the Luca trade where you start texting people in the second quarter. Like, is he hurt? What's going on with Mahomes? What's, is there something wrong? Is he sick? What does he have? It's bad. I've never seen anything like this. So Yeah, I'm looking at all of 'em now. I really don't think like Carolina scored 10, wouldn't you say manning against Seattle? Is that what you're saying? No, Manning against Peyton Manning against New Orleans when he threw the pick six to lose the game. But it wasn't like he was like horrific the entire game. Right. You know, Brady's had, Brady had some bad playoff losses. Like we had a bad loss to the Ravens.


There was a weird Denver Broncos game after the third Super Bowl they won when he wasn't great. But it never anything like this where it was just in the Yeah, if you go The playoffs, you should mob maybe pick some off. But Super Bowls like the big game. If it's down to one game, it, this is tough. I mean Jim Kelly was great and had some bad ones, but this was a, a class by itself. I, I'm shocked at this. I really am. I'm like, me too. You know, I know we were due for a bad one, right? We had, we had three, three point games in a row. Is that right? Yeah. And then the Tampa, Kansas City was the last bad one for years ago. But I, it just makes me sadder because the season's ending and it ends on a, when it ends on a dud like that, I know it's harder to take. Well I'm sure there's gonna be a bunch of pieces the next two days trying to put this performance in perspective historically.


Perspective. Yeah. At least from a football standpoint, they'll have stats. So, and the and the, what he did in the last two drives, we'll kind of fuck it up a little bit because it'll make it seem like it was better than it's so you almost have to do like right the first three quarters guys, what's the equivalent in other sports of somebody who's fallen behind 46? Tom Brady. Tom, you're gonna compare him to Tom Brady. He, yeah. You start calling, compare him to Barsha Brady. How about that? How about we start there? Hands flying. Well there's Marsh. I don't wanna hear about Patrick Mahomes again. I wanna hear about it again. This, that's it. We done with the That's it. Done.


Get it out to go. Okay Steven. Hey, we're done. We're done. I'm Sorry. I wasn't even doing Stephen a I was doing generic network. Okay. Network. Ex-athlete guy. All Right. Could I was doing could pick 20 of them. No, I'm sure Stephen. A will would not be kind to Mahome. I had some silver linings for the Chiefs. Now hey Real quick. What was it when I left New Orleans, because I left on Saturday. We were Sad You Go. It felt like 70 30 Eagles fans. What was it in the building? I Half and half. Really? A lot of Chiefs fans. Yeah. A lot. Oh it didn't sound that way. Wow. Yeah, it was the Eagles fans were just louder. Hmm. Silver linings for the Chiefs. I think Kelsey comes back now.


I don't think he retires on that game. One more year for him. Another dumb narrative that we got killed on. What did he have? Two for 24? Yeah, something. I think he might have had a third catch in there. Another silver lining. Oh yeah. We could talk about them normally again. Yeah. They're not Michael Byers anymore. You can't do it anymore. We can't do the, I know there's 17 reasons to pick this other team, but it's the Chiefs. Like that's done. We can now talk about football games rationally. Normally without these fucking weird fear of this team. Pat Riley doesn't make any money. I think that's great. Terrible 2025 for Pat Riley. Brady wasn't that popular as an announcer. I think that was a win for the Chiefs.


Wait, what? Why I, I Don't know. I'm just throwing that in there. These are silver linings. Oh okay. They didn't trade Luka DCI in the last 10 days. They didn't trade Mahome for Anthony Davis at a number one and then have Davis get hurt. Right, true. In his first game. Right after they gave an interview about how smart they were because they want guys who were in shape. But then mentioned Shaq as one of the guys, the great guys historically who stayed in shape. Shaq like famously never in shape ever at any point in his career. That was hilarious. I have no more silver linings unless you can think of any I don't think there are any for the, for the chiefs? Yeah. Not too many. Except that maybe they could stun us again. Right. So it wasn't even this year.


It was last year when they did it all on the road that we were like Right. Oh crap. Oh they're back. And they're a beast and they're better than ever. I don't know if you wanna look at next year's lines yet or if we save that to the end or No, I wanna, I wanna do that next segment. I know, I gotcha. So if I'm the Chiefs, if I'm the pr, if I'm the Lewis K of the Chiefs and you know, in my spare time when I'm not just focused on, you know, my three clients that I care about And I spend barely any time with the other ones. Wait, if you're the Lewis, that means the Chiefs are gonna get canceled in like three weeks. No, Above the Lewis K of the Chiefs. So this, so Jimmy would be the chiefs in this scenario because that'd be a client we would actually care about.


Unlike some of the others. I'm spinning it. We were never that good the whole time. It was amazing. We got there like, look at our record. You saw us in the Super Bowl, right? When we played an awesome team. We, we couldn't hold that. We had no offensive line. We had no explosive play makers. Our coaching staff is old. Like it's a fucking miracle. We made the Super Bowl. We should be getting kudos for that. Interesting. That would be my spin. That's What Lou, that's what a publicist is supposed to say. My client. That's what Lewis Would say. Yeah. No, it's just be like, no, maybe you should spin it the other way. We were pretty good. We're proud of the season we had. Just making the Super Bowl was an achievement. Yeah. See We've been five Super Bowls.


Your Patriots won like the first three Super Bowls by a field goal, right? Yeah, I think so. So that's what we were thinking. Tom came back To, showed up for Super Bowl. So unlike Patrick Ham, so wasn't showing up for two Are fucking back. Mike Abel top Rated the goat we're back Fuck yous. Don't you dare call Mahomes a goat. He is that the goat? Take it back. Goat A. We are gonna take a break and then we'll I wanna talk about some of the gambling stuff.


This episode is brought to you by Pepcid Complete. We all know that one of the best parts of game day is the food on Sundays. Nephew, Kyle comes over. Sometimes we'll get healthy, we'll get some salads. Sometimes we'll get a little ambitious. We'll get some sandwiches. It's always the best part of my food week. Well, until heartburn strikes then it's not as great. You get heartburn from time to time. Gotta watch out. You don't wanna be rolling around in bed all night. Thankfully Pepcid Complete starts to work instantly. It lasts all day. Just one great tasting chewable tablet provides dual action heartburn relief with an an acid that starts working instantly and an acid reducer that lasts all day. So you can stay focused on that second sandwich. That second. Second helping a salad not Harper. Visit pepcid.com to shop now all day based on eight hour symptom relief Studies during the day. Use product only as directed.


This episode is brought to you by the White Lotus Season three. One of my favorite shows. Beautiful locations, twisted characters, unexpected scenarios. The White Lotus is gonna Thailand. You know, I'm excited. I mean we're doing Prestige TV again. Me, Mallory and Joanna Robinson. We're doing right after every show putting a recap episode on the Prestige tv. Same luxury New reservations for all of us. How are they gonna make the show better? Better? The answer is the show's great no matter where it is. I'm excited to be in a new country with our weird, mysterious, probably creepy white Lotus gang. But I love this show and you can watch a new season of the Emmy Award winning HBO original series, the White Lotus Premiering February 16th at 9:00 PM on max.


Alright, so some gambling stuff from this game. We mentioned the Hertz anytime TD first touchdown score. We had a coup had a pick six. Yeah. What were the odds on the pick six? Do we know that could be like 30 to one, right? 41. Well it was 15 for, I saw 15 that there was a pick six and then it was like 30 or 35 for the Eagles. I think I saw that. So yeah that was amazing. Although we, we saw a few in the playoffs. Was that the greatest moment ever for a white defensive back or do we have to go to Charlie? We Talking about Do we have to go Paul Kraus? Paul Kraus of the Minnesota Vikings. Did He do anything? Yeah, Cowboys had a guy named Charlie Waters who did well.


Oh, Charlie Waters. Yeah. I think that's it though. I think that really is, this is The kind of kind, it's don't worry about comparing Mahomes to their bad performances ever. We would need the white defensive back the White Vikings in Black History Month. That's very sad. Did Jason Hor ever do This? No, he was, that was, he was in that on that good team. Right. That got blown out by the Ravens. Yeah, that was it. Yeah. My, so at one point in this game, Mahomes was, this was a 4 49 left in the second quarter and it's 17 nothing. And the chiefs go two terrible runs Mahomes sack and now they're giving the ball back to the Eagles again. Mahomes was five for 10 for 24 yards A pick six and three sacks.


Hmm. And this is 25 minutes into the game. It was just shocking. Yeah. So at that point, 'cause we were looking, we, oh how, how many over the years, how many times when the chiefs are losing, did we text each other? The the Chief's live line, right. Stays their day. We needed Them to get a first down in the end of the second quarter. Like we all gotta see some life out of them right Before we even consider it. Thank God they didn't give us that opportunity. Well, so five for 10 for 24 yards and then we get to halftime and it's not much better. He Mrs. Hopkins on that third and 11 Sal. He ended 21 for 32 for 2 57 with three I'm sounds, that's what I'm saying. Yeah. He hit every over and I'm sitting there, so this is my bad beat gambling story.


So a million dollar picks. My biggest bet was Chiefs minus one and a half. That was for 500 fake K. And then the second bet. Oh it's fake. Yeah. Well it's fake. I Didn't even know. Okay. Yeah. Second bet was this 250 K parlay Eagles take eight and a half Mahomes, 200 plus passing yards. And I'm rooting and there's a third leg that I'll get to. So the 200 plus passing yards seem inconceivable. And then they start having these garbage time drives. And when they scored the second touchdown and he, he had like 180 7, 1 93, they're inside the 15 yard line. I'm going nuts in the suite. I'm like, oh, he's gonna get it. He's gonna get it. He gets it.


The Eagles go three and out and the chiefs and now I'm hustling back to the pod. The chiefs get the all time garbage time touchdown to worthy and it gets to 62. The third leg of my parlay was under 60 and a half and the final score was 40 and 22. Oh. They scored two touchdowns in the last four minutes to fucking beat. So I lost that one too. I think I had a losing year for million dollar picks 'cause of that last Touchdown. So the chiefs just sticking it to me every way. I love that these, you're with these FanDuel executives. They, they're watching through their fingers because of the Hertz touchdown. They're losing tens of millions of dollars. And I, I'm probably, I'm losing 500,000 fake dollars.


What outta here? Well, you know, house took a shot. Yeah. Because a Christian, one of the Fando execs who loves house and we're talking about the bets on The Ringer Sunday pregame. And he is like, well house. He did his usual house move of, he took the Eagles in a tease with the over like classic house like oh, kind of getting in but not totally being in like halfway. I was like, yep, that's house very, I have a great story, great house story. I guess we'll talk about Vegas later, right? We're gonna do all That. New Orleans. Yeah. New Orleans. Yeah. Well it seems like Vegas 'cause we're in a casino. Yeah. And that, And I have a house. Should I tell this a house story now that like, just that. Oh, do it now. Let's hear It.


Typifies it house. We're in the casino. He goes to the ATM 'cause we had a bad run at blackjack and I'm proud of you for making us get out. Like I I've, I've known you to sit at the same blackjack table, win or lose till like five in the morning. Whether they're Vacuuming. The, wasn't there. This is Friday night. Oh my God. The three of us I think, I think I was like three out of 15 in Black House lost like almost every hand. I don't know how he did it. Yeah, He was was like, you're letting us leave. This is great. Like, a lot of times I would go to the, at tm I'm like, how many times do I have to go to the atm? Is is am I, is Bill gonna, am I gonna lose his friendship if I don't sit and lose more money with Sam? But anyway, yeah. So we le lose the leave the blackjack table house goes to the, at TM he's got like a new card or something.


It doesn't let him take money out, so he has to cash advance. So he is not getting the $12 vig that you would normally get on 300, Three $30 to take out cash. It was $344 he had to take out and he had to wait on the long cashier line to get that money out. Now he had to show his slip and then he doesn't even gamble with us. He didn't gamble. We're, so we end up at a craps table with, wait a minute with fantasy football Guys out. He got V out. He, he said no after he lost to the at TM he said no, like that's responsible gambling. He's like, I cant, I can't even beat the att m I'm out. I'm not playing. But for some reason paid them 40 extra dollars. Right. Not to gamble.


Yeah. So he ended up at a craps table with Craig and Danny and Danny from The Ringer Fantasy Football Show. Yeah. Who were having a great time playing craps. Awesome. And JJ ISS there, JJ Jasky, host of New York. New York, who's had a couple and is dialed up to 10 matter. And it was, it, it, he was locked in. He's yelling at dealers, ah, he's, he's hitting points going pay It, pay it, screaming, screaming, Standup. And then Raheem comes in also from The Ringer Sunday pregame. Yeah. And he's not really doing anything. And then all of a sudden he just bets on the don't come line for the shooter across table. 'cause he thinks the guy looks like a bad bet.


And we're all on the come line, which is like on the poker table for, or the craps table, people listening. Yeah. Like y'all want the craps table to be a line betting on the shooter, rooting for them. Like, there's this weird, weird dynamic at the pubs. Raheem's just shorting it. Basically the guy hits and JJ just gets mad at Raheem, which he should have. He's like, don't take sides against the family. Raheem. This is indefensible, indefensible. Raheem yelling At him. And I was like, it's, it's indefensible. So Raheem ends up not doing it. So anyway, Raheem became the don't come guy, but we were there. House is there, van is behind us. We're all pooling bets together. Yeah. 'cause it's a $50 craps table. Which is absurd. Yeah.


And we ended up, we were there till almost four in the morning. We were there. We were down to, we started at 600, right? Yeah. We were down to 40 bucks in the tent. Right. Yeah. We Just, just couldn't get momentum. Built it back up to 1400. So that was nice for us. And that's real. Had that's not like million dollar, that's real money. Yeah. Craig had a nice little run. Yeah. And then at the end of the night, I had like, I just got on a heater And I just wasn't throwing a seven for like 30 minutes. Yeah. Right. It was great. But what happens is when you, when you start doing one like that and more and more people come over to the table and people start betting and everyone's betting points and it's like three minutes between throws. I know. That's what, And he's like, I'm hot. Gimme the dice back. And this guy's like, gimme a hard 10, gimme a hard six, give you two on this.


And they, it's, and by the time he, so I, I, I can I, I blame the guy at the other side of the table. I, You know what? I don't bl I think it's, I think it's intentional. I think they slow play it because we were pretty conservative. We were playing the pass line and then we were playing behind. Behind. Yeah. We having Fun and we were playing the comp. But if you get bored and they take forever, that's when you're like, shit, if I have to wait three minutes between each role, I'm gonna play the field. I'm gonna play a couple more numbers. Right. I think that's where they rake you out. You were getting mad because there was a guy on the other end of the table who was pumping his fist. 'cause you were hitting every number except ours. Right. Right. This guy Probably made 15 grand off of me. You know, it was like, right. It's getting crazy. Yeah. See motherfucker, you're icing me in making money for me at the same time.


Yeah. Then we finally hit the number and then the best part was there's some bet that the fantasy guys were doing, which is like, you can bet 8, 9, 10, 11, 12. And somebody has to hit all five of those numbers before they throw a seven. And it's 30 to one odds. It seems inconceivable. And I was throwing it for so long, only the 11 was left. And then I finally hit the 11. And I've never seen those guys happier. They were like Euphoric. They would jump, first of all, they were arm in arm. Like you should post that picture. They Were locked. I should post that picture on Instagram for like 40 minutes. Whenever they weren't rolling, they were like, come on, we could do this. They were locked arms together. And I love those freaking guys. They were like, when the defensive line is watching somebody about to attempt a game-winning field goal.


Yeah. They had their arms around each other, but, but literally for an hour. Yeah. I love it. It was, it was a Dave Kelly, right? That when they, he, they had a bet. I don't know what the bet was, but between the three of them, whoever lost, I think it was like a season long bed. Whoever lost had to sit in the middle seat coming home. And they were on my flight and couldn't be entertained, couldn't listen to music, couldn't watch tv, couldn't read a book the whole time. And if they fell asleep, they would just wake 'em up. And Danny was in the middle. They let 'em watch the map. They let 'em watch the map on the Delta flight. I was like, these guys are good. This Is it. That's hilarious. Yeah, it was great. It was good. Hank every, everybody was in rare form, including Raheem, who was trying to short the table for some reason.


I'm gonna talk to HR about Raheem. I, I might have been an HR violation. Yeah. It might've been a little bit jj, JJ was the MVP though, and he blew out my right eardrum and I was covered in spit by the end of the night. But I loved it. It was Great when, when he showed up, you turned around to, to greet him and you were about to roll and so you took the dice over the table. I know a little bit. I know, I know. Because I got excited, didn't he? There? That's a dice violation. I'm like, oh. And then I'm calling it like an announcer. He's got one more dice violation, then he is outta here. He's gonna have to go back to Urban Street. He's like a PLA Would foul. Yeah, exactly. But then when you roll it and would kick off the table, JJ would yell, same dice. Same dice. He'd yell at the, he'd yell at the dealer. And the dealer's like, it's not, you're not even rolling.


Shut up. I know. Like, you know, he had the superstition about same dice that, so I Gotta say he wa he really did get the energy going screaming, pay it at the dealer. You're not gonna believe it. But the dealers, they don't, they don't love Pay it. Right. It's kind of their job. You hit its pan. Pan and a dollar for you, bro. Do what you want with this. This is a dollar. So that casino used to be called Harris And I guess technically still is, but now it's the Caesars. But Right. I've had, I think of the most fun Gaby moments in my life. I, for some reason at least five or six of them have been, I, it's just the, my favorite place to probably play blackjack or craps. The dealers are all nice. They're all, they're all from here.


They seem like they are. And they're just like, they move at a pace. Yep. So you feel like they're not just trying to rush you out. You know, it seems like they're rooting for you. Like when you bet for them, they really appreciate it. And I, I don't really always really enjoyed it. It's right in the middle of downtown. I, I don't underst understand why. Like, Just walk to where you're going. I thought it would be packed by the way. I, I was there the night before. I, well, we could have sat our, any blackjack table the night on Thursday night. Well, and Friday night prices up. Yeah. But $50 is a, you know, in Vegas that, that's any Saturday night. Right. Guess at A decent hotel. I, Yeah. But it seemed like everything was 50, a hundred. So I think it was, it was scaring off people a little bit. Any other, any other gambling stuff?


Jake Elliot was way over on, on all his way points. I Thought he had a shot at MVP for a minute. I mean he had four extra points and four field goals wasn't, he actually had to kick seven field goals. But with all the false starts and everything. Hertz was what, two plus two 80? Yeah. Plus two 80. But Hertz's most rushing yards was like six to one I think. Right. Oh, did that hit? Yeah, he had 72. Barkley had 57 and then Mahomes at 25. Like that was the highest on the chiefs. So that triple crown bet that I stayed away from because it seemed like a, just a, a trap. Right. It seemed like impossible to hit all three. It ended up being Mahomes passing, Xavier worthy receiving And Herz rushing And herz rushing.


I don't that so I wonder what that must have been like 20 to one. I have no idea. What are The odds of that? Yeah, yeah, yeah. At least. Yeah. Worthy had probably like the sixth or seventh Best thoughts. Triple Crown bet. That Was bizarre. I Can't recommend it. We Both had Hertz touchdown. Right? I mean I guess that's good that we did that. I don't wanna talk outta school, but Yeah, I I wouldn't call the FanDuel guys elated that the game went over. No, I wouldn't say there was high fiving in the suite. The, in the Mahomes yardage props going up. I wouldn't, I wouldn't say that was a high five special either. No way. No. The Kelsey and Barkley stuff, they told me, And I said this a million dollar picks that the, the most one-sided bet of the week from a prop standpoint was barley to score a touchdown.


Oh really? Alright. It was Like was 99.9% of the bets were on it and the no TD was plus one 50. And they were like, it was like $0 on it or like $7 or something. Hmm. You know, the, The Barkley ended up not getting it. It's his birthday on Sunday thing picked up steam like somewhere around Friday. And I was like, I don't think that matters. I really don't. I think if he scores three touchdowns, I don't think we have to say it's because he turned 28 today. Yeah. There's nothing to do with It. I think that's fair. Especially, it's not like it's like a major birthday. It's like, oh cool. Right. 28. That's right. How do we feel about any other betting stuff that you wanted hit? What was going on at the Super Bowl party you went to with Sort? Yeah. Well it was plus two 80 Tails for the coin toss Tails.


For the coin toss. Let, let's get rid of the Anthem betting because it, it, it went over. But they're grading it under I think because why? Because he said he repeated a, a line three times. Like just for flare just to show off A he said the land of the free because he bet the over, I think And the land, the, the land of the, whatever it was, he did it three times. Why didn't that count? That was his performance. I dunno, you can't do that. But you can't like sing the song and then add where you can't launch into American Pie like halfway through the song. It's, it's how long the performance is. It was two hours. Two minutes and Whatever. I guess you can't pay. And then of course it was close and they cut to the fighter jets and you never know when the word brave ends 'cause it's loud.


But I don't Wanna hear ever Again. The John Patis, National Anthem goat get that shit outta here. Was Mahome listening to the Anthem? I dunno. I don't think so. Was he thrown up by the anthem? Because there's no other excuse. John Batiste held the ball would hold a note longer than Mahomes could hold the ball. I, the Patrick Mahomes get out here. Just get out. You gotta Leave the nightclub, you're out. Oh shit. Well, Mahomes hit all the overs. He hit his touchdown over. Did he hit, how many rushes did he have? Four. Because that was another one. Yeah. Had four. He Needed about Five and a half. Right. Shit. So he didn't hit any of the rushing stuff.


I know we were counting on the kneel downs. You Know, I mean that's, and that's an underrated aspect of the game that we didn't talk about. Like we could, we could kill Mahomes, but they had 24 yards rushing outside of what he did. You could get him a running back at some point. Hunt three for nine, put checkout three for seven. That was like, one of the reasons I loved all the Mahomes overs when I was playing the game outta my head was I didn't think the chiefs were gonna be able to run the ball. And it turned out they didn't think so either because they, they started the game and they basically threw the ball every down it seemed like. And they were trying to keep the Eagles off. Seven Carries outside of Mahomes. Yeah. Didn't work. Did you have Matt Za punting for over 310 yards?


No. No I did not. Was that even a bet They had? Did You bet on the total number of punting yards? Yeah, I think they did. I think they did. So that's a pretty good one. Wait, how many did he have? He had six pun. Yeah. Three 11. Six pun for three 11. Yeah. And then a weird game man. Elliot Watch Elliot 50 yard field goals. Oh, you had people in the suite were congratulated me on your behalf that you the Devonte Smith that long. Oh yeah. Long pass. That was one of your favorite props. 20 and a half. Yeah. I mean he had killed, he had killed this defense. Olas defense. I mean that's another thing. Olas gotta take a hit too. But yeah, his last three games were average like 95 yards against Casey.


It's tough though when, when your offense is such dog shit. I think it has to start affecting the defense at some point because the defense did get a couple stops and, you know, they got the interception when it seemed like the Eagles might be going up 14. Nothing. They got the ball back and it's just over and over again. They were just getting kicked in the nuts by the offense. Yep. It's unusual. Let's, we'll take one more break and then we'll talk about your week in New Orleans plus plus some look ahead bets for next season.


This message is a paid partnership with Apple Card. If you wanna take control of your finances, apple Card is where it starts. A credit card that can give you up to 3% daily cash back on every purchase. I have one. I can tell you this is true. I know and love Apple Card. So many places I can use it, especially during a busy time here with football, basketball, the holidays, all at once. I can use my Apple card on tickets to a game, a gift for my dad, or even tickets as a gift for my dad. Plus, anytime there's a new Apple product, it's a lot easier. Apply for an apple cart today. It's easy. Just go to the wallet app on your iPhone. Again, that easy. Subject to credit approval. Apple Card issued by Goldman Sachs Bank, USA, salt Lake City branch terms and more at apple cart.com.


This episode is brought to you by Workday. There are two kinds of people in the world. Backward thinkers and forward thinkers. Forward thinkers have plans 15 minutes from now and 15 years from now. They're not just one step ahead, they're 1000 steps ahead. And when you're a forward thinker, you need a platform that thinks like you do Workdays. AI illuminates decision making and reimagines how you manage your people and money for long term success. Workday moving business forever forward. Find out more@workday.com.


Well, it's the saddest time of the season. There's no football, there's no guest alliance for next week. You are our guest alliance champion. Two two Legends fell this season. Me and Guest Alliance. That's Right. It was always like, well Simmons, when it gets to the big moments he'll win and Sal's gonna lose again. You beat me. Me. And then, then Mahomes, he got kicked off Goat Island. Yeah. And, and the Chiefs are now mortal and now we can actually talk about them rationally again. And we could talk about the the referee. The, I was like, it was really getting me mad. You saw like me and Hench and going at it And I'm like, yeah, You got mad at Hench. I know, but everybody's gotta go crazy with the calls. And it was like, you know, he got brown like At the AJ Brown pass interference.


He he to start The game. He, he like, he he hit the guy in the face mask three times. Everyone's like that. You know when the booth says, oh man, I don't know if I call that there. That doesn't mean it was a terrible call. Like why do we have to make that leap from, eh, that could have gone either way to, oh my God, that was the worst call. Oh, it's fixed. Calm the hell down everybody. Geez. But at least we don't have to worry about that for a minute. I hope. I dunno. It's nice to not have to talk about the referees. So we have NFL next year. I'm going on going on FanDuel right now. Do you have the ats? I do. Okay. I'm gonna see if I can find Eagles and Chiefs favored.


Wow. That never happens. What? Anything surprise you on those ats? I'm seeing six 50 plus six 50 for chiefs and Eagles. Raven. Seven one bills eight to one Lions nine. Ooh I That lions nine to one and nine ERs 14 to one. I'd like to, I'll I'll book those bets from people if Really, If they want those two. Yeah, I think those are, so we should talk about this with the chiefs too. I don't think the chiefs have Mr their long-term window, but I wonder like how much rehab repair they have to do with this nucleus They have because they have a lot of stuff to fix, but they're also, they have money going out in all these different directions. Right.


You know, it's not like, oh, we need a left tackle. Cool. Fucking 12 teams need a left tackle. You're not the only one. You drafted a left tackle last year at the end of the second round. If you missed on that pick. That's what gets into what we talked about earlier with if you start missing these drafts or missing picks Yeah. Starts to have this cumulative effect so that the stuff that they need. It's not, it's not like you just go to the store and buy it. No. Like everyone wants a left tackle. But we talk about the K what do we call it? The KCD, like it's a cd. Like plus six 50. Yeah. You keep pounding it. They'll win once in the next six and a half years. Right. Right. So that should, that should be okay. But I also think these other numbers are fair too. Like the Ravens have to be licking their chops a little too. The bills at eight to one.


Your team. I, I got scared. I thought my team and your team were the same cowboys. 55. You wanna guess the Patriots don't look. I just looked, but tell us anyway. 150 fourth from the bottom. Is that fair? Ridiculous. I promise you we won't be the fourth worst team. I love This. I love it. We're gonna go 10 and seven next year. Wow. Yeah. We're gonna 10 and seven next year. I, I don't know that for a fact. If we hit draft, just because Brady Is better than Mahomes conclusively, it doesn't mean the 2026 Patriots are gonna be good. It's not just that. Brady's better than Mahomes. Mahomes has to leave Goat Island. Get off, take a hike, get your suitcase and leave.


Take your wife with you. Take your dad, take everybody. You're out. You could take a ferry. You could swim back. You could jump on a raft. I don't care. Get off the island. You're off Goat Island. You can take that to Kelsey. Take her too. Look, just looking at these blindly chargers, 29 to one jumped out at me. Yeah. Commanders 23 to one have to be taken seriously because they laid a nice foundation, have a good QB and a good coaching staff and have some stuff that they could do in the off season. And then what About the Rams at 30? And I know it went a along 'em, but Well it seems like they're, they're selling off guys though. Like they're trading Cooper Cup.


He, what did he do? He, he was, he wasn't key to their success. I don't, they they almost, they kind of played the Eagles better than anybody though. Is Minnesota at 33 to one nuts. Hmm. Like what if JJ McCarthy's good next year with the the they, you know? Right. I was gonna say, what if I told you Sam Donald sat in an aisle seat and coached with me on the way back. Does that true that affect your odds anymore? Did that happen? It did. Really? Yeah. It's gonna be, he's gonna sign like a 50. Well maybe he couldn't find a flight. It was a bad, it was a tough flight to to to book if you weren't I'm trying to leave New Orleans on a Saturday. Saturday. Yeah.


Baltimore seven to one. I wish those odds were better. 'cause that's a team I would think too, like a in the, if they were in the 10 to one to 12 torn range, I'd be excited about it. Green Bay two to one will be a sexy pick. I'm not doing it. Houston 27 to one with some receivers coming back and a couple more draft picks. Yeah. Maybe bad division. I don't know. I like the Rams And I like the bills. Again, the bills also, we didn't talk about them. How pissed must they be that they couldn't beat this chief's team get the Super Bowl Or that they couldn't do anything against the offensive line. Like what the Eagles did. Right. You watch the offensive line this week and you could tell pretty quickly because they were doing those design rollout plays that gave me PTSD to Brady against the Giants that first Super Bowl.


Yeah. When he was under such siege, he had to like do the quick rollouts with extra blockers, plant your feet and then chuck it. And they were running those in the first quarter. And I, I thought I was saying that Tommy, that who I went to the game with, I was like, Ugh, this is not good. If they're running that kind of shit, that means they think they can't block these guys at all. Tommy Hearns. Then we could watch Tommy Who, Tommy Hearns the hit Tommy. Tommy Hearns was the thing. Wow. But you could see it. Yeah. I don't know what I was picking up during the game that whether the TV was, but you could, you could just watch like the four guys pushing the line and all the other guys kind of coming back and the chiefs receivers weren't really good enough to get open.


You know, it's the, the greatest Advantage in sports, being able to rush a quarterback without blitzing and, and yeah. So Ma guy lost my was bad 'cause he missed guys. But I could also, there were other plays where he just didn't have guys. There was no to throw to, didn't Wanna throw interceptions real quick. MVP don't look. Who do you think's favorite? No, it just looked how fast. Well, we would've said LA we would've said Lamar. Josh. Yeah. Lamar plus four 50 Allen 500. It's Drake May here Ma Home 700 Drake. Oh Drake. May 60 to One. He's not on there, is he? Yeah, he sure Is. He's right. And there with Sam Darle and Michael Pennix. Sam Darle was 14 Games just fan.


Gino Smith, by the way. Bryce Young was on there too. I went to a party yesterday that Shaq was at and Bryce Young and they were talking to each other and it was amazing. It was like Mr. Work and Tattoo. I was like fascinated. He was a foot and a half smaller than, than Shaq Does. He, is he smaller? 'cause he's smaller. I mean, everyone's small than Shaq, but he looked especially small, But he's like, Bryce Young's five, eight and Shaq's like seven one. It was just amazing to see them next to each other and be like, right. Which guy's? The professional athlete right now, Shaq is always at any party is just riveting. He's the Best because it's Shaq. He's, he's the best guy. He's like the nicest guy. He is the coolest guy to everybody.


He's like just really a genuinely nice guy. But he is also gigantic. He looks like Shaq. You just see him moving through. You can't not see him. Everybody's looking at him. He handles it great. Like he's the nice guy. He's Gotta be the greatest on Bourbon Street. You could sit on his shoulders. You don't have to deal with the, the slop and everything. Yeah, he's, oh yeah. He's a practical joker. He'll slap guys in the ass with beads and look the other way. Like he is the, he is the best athlete to Party with. Barkley's also Barkley's the best celebrity I've ever seen in public. Just with how he navigates all the people around him. 'cause he, he's big really. He's, you know, he is obviously six six, so you notice him right away. But he just loves every people just gravitate to him. Shaq's a little like that too. So we have any other future ads?


I guess they don't have like who's getting traded? Just trying to mdp Give, give some of the New Orleans highlights. You were here doing a bunch of great ringer stuff, including getting hit in the face with a slim gym. Yeah, that, yeah. Paige hit me. I I was doing a prop challenge with a bunch of celebrities and sports personalities and we put a video together and you can catch it. It's all up on The Ringer. One of 'em we had, we had Paige come over and she's an influencer. I don't know if people don't, people know who she is, right? Yeah. And we had a bunch of challenges. We list, oh, you could hit this golf ball. I know she's into golf. You could catch this roll of toilet paper. We could do a slim gym slap fight. And she's like, I wanna do that. And so we each hit each other with a slim gym And I hit her lightly as a gentleman.


And then she gets, stands up and smacks the crap outta me in the neck with a slim Jim. And I welt on my neck for the next step. I'm like interviewing Marshall Fa with this giant welt on my neck. And I'm like, when Did the, we go away like The next, when like on the plane when you saw me, like it was still, it was dark so you probably couldn't tell. But it was staring at me at the craps table. But yeah. So I was like, wow, gee has this has to, it's got over a million film. I'm like, how does I make this the biggest thing I've ever done? And my wife not find out about it. It's, so, anyway, that was a lot of fun. It was a lot of great stuff on radio. JJ said radio, don't put makeup on that. Well bro, roll the dice, bro. Same Dice. Same. Well don't go against a family.


Don't have, don't ever watch. Same. Well can we, can we go A fando show where just people play crafts with JJ after he is had three drinks. I feel like that'd be an amazing show. How does he gain steam at four in the morning? Like, it's so crazy. Oh man. He, He is like, when you turn the TV up, the volume up and it's just going and that's just the volume. And never, there was no sign at all of him being tired. He, I think he would've, he'd still be there if we didn't wanna leave. The Fandel Ringer party was great. Friday night we had Megan Dee Stallion and Blink 180 2. I guess they insist on touring together. I don't know. I didn't know. But yeah, It was, I couldn't believe they played all those songs together too. Yeah. Fun. We had fun. We talked to some fun people. We had, I'd never talked to Diana Rossini before and we, she's a delight.


We talked to for like a half hour. Yeah. And she's like seven of your cousins. Yeah, she is. Yeah. It's Like an honorary member of your family. Almost The good ones. Yeah. Yeah. That I thought. Yeah, she was great. I thought that Tyre Hill announcing he's playing for the Cowboys was gonna be the highlight, but she was up there too. That was a fun one. Yeah. We Talked some fun people. I got, you know, I've been to a bunch of different Super Bowls. I hadn't come in a while. There was the one in LA that doesn't count. That was the last, the last Super Bowl that was in LA that I went to was ironically Ravens Niners. I just kind of, I Is it really? Yeah. 12 Years ago I hadn't gone, hadn't gone forever and liked watching the game. I liked doing the pod with you after the game And I just kind of never, never went. Yeah. Never wanted to go for the Pats after the second Giants game.


'cause it was, it was just so emotionally, it's so bad to be there when your team, like I was feeling for the Chiefs fans, when you're limping out of, out of the stadium, it's the worst. It's, and the other you half of the people are the happiest and you're just in fucking sports. Hell, it's the worst. Just, it's The last time it was in New Orleans, I, you remember I had to run Do a bit for you Had to do the bit Yeah. For Grant. Yeah. It was a Sal Hugs fans of the losing team And I wasn't quite sure who the losing team was. 'cause we had to leave and set up in a good spot before the last drive. It was Raven's. Yeah. Who was it? Ravens. 49 ERs. It was Raven's Diners. That was the blackout game. That was Ka Kaepernick the Black. Yeah. We were watching Together. First down and goal from the four.


And they don't score the Go ahead touchdown. That game was awesome. And people are just zombies walking out of there. Like a lot of people are like, get the fuck away from me. I'm not hugging you. I dunno who you are. Get the ca Yeah. So it's, it's a, it's a big risk going down there if your team's playing. I mean, chiefs fans must be demoralized tonight. Well, the other, so I saw Pat's Rams was the first Super Bowl I ever went to. Hmm. Which was like honestly one of like the 25 best moments of my life. Probably that whole day. Right. It was amazing. And then the second game was the blackout game. And so when I had a chance to go to this one, I was like, this is gonna be an amazing game. It's a super dome. This is just gonna be magical. And, and everything was great except for the game.


But New Orleans is the funny thing about New Orleans is it just never changes. Like you go to, you go to like, And I mean that in a good way. Yeah. It just feels exactly like it did 23 years ago. All the streets are the same. All the, a lot of the hotels are the same. They don't really, it's not one of those places where there's like 17 crazy new things that are up. They just really keep the soul of the place intact. It's really a special place. It's Really come visit. I love it. And and it was especially like, I don't wanna bum everyone out, but you know, there was a, you know, it was a National Guard presence in the streets 'cause of that asshole last month. Yeah. That, that, you know, that that attack. Yeah. So that like, that was a bummer. But the spirit of the city, I mean it's one of Would you keep it if they said Bill three or four cities rotating?


Or do you just do New Orleans? Do you ve do Vegas. Vegas Said this for 20 years. No, to me it's Miami, new Orleans. Vegas. That's it. And I Think you could make a case for la 'cause of, 'cause of, but it's like, you know, it's a little spread out. I think if you're just looking For, like I was watching the Rose Bowl highlight. I mean that's my favorite game of all time anyway. 52 17 cowboys over bills. But it just looked beautiful. Right. With the sun setting and everything. Like it's nice to have an outdoor option too. Yeah. I think Four, I would say New Orleans, Miami and Vegas for the way the, the city kind of blends in with the game when it gets, like they've, they love to have it in like Glendale, but Glendale people are staying in Phoenix, they're staying in Scottsdale.


It's all all over the map. Yeah. It seems like they're getting outta the habit of putting it in cities just 'cause they built a stadium like when they were doing that with Jacksonville, Atlanta, All this other stuff. Atlanta, we don't need Atlanta. We got New Orleans. Yeah, I would, I would go New Orleans 10 times over Atlanta. Well the other thing with New Orleans is it's really hard to get hotel rooms here. So the ticket demand, it's almost easier to get tickets than it is a hotel room anywhere near where the game is. So a lot of people tickets Were down lower than tickets dropped. Value, face value. Right. Yeah. Yeah. Tickets dropped and you could get it on the market today for face value or lower, but what you couldn't get was a hotel room. 'cause there was none. And it's really hard to get in and out, obviously. But it's cool.


But that's Why they dropped, right? Because if you, if the, yeah, if you not gonna get in a hotel, then the tickets drop. It's a fascinating market. Yeah. Did we Super Bowl in Dallas? Did we do that? Yeah, we did. I went to that one. Yeah, that was kind of, I thought that was a pretty good one. That was fun. The weather was terrible, but it was, you know, that was okay. But yeah, I would, wouldn't you say Vegas, new Orleans and Miami? Those Are the those are the four I would add LA back into it. I I really love watching that. Those Rose Bowl games. But yeah, those, if you have to go three, I think those are the three. Because San Diego's out. 'cause they don't have a team. Right. So they can't have it anymore. Yeah. So they try Atlanta. I'm just trying to think of the southern, the hotter cities that we don't need to see in that anymore.


Well, one of my things, I really didn't wanna, this is a bad city for me. And you've seen it in action. Yeah. Especially like this Super Bowl 12 years ago. And NBA all star and just bad. There's a lot of bad choices here in New Orleans. It's not. And I, I'm not proud of the decisions. It's just like, you kind of lose, it's, it's got food that you probably shouldn't keep eating, but you can't help it. It's got the best dessert. Yeah. It's got the casino, it's got a bunch of other stuff. It never closes down and you can really make some mistakes. It's, And I, yeah. And I try to be on my good behavior. I was so proud of myself. Didn't didn't have a drunk cigarette. No. Didn't cigarettes.


I bet over one and a half cigarettes. I Now You lost the other night. That was hell. Yeah. I lost all my prop Bes. Yeah. You lost on that And you lost on Mahomes being a Goat. A and you could forget about going to Santa Clara next year for the Super Bowl, the 29th. Worst city to have a Super Bowl, by the way. Oh, that's, so that's the other thing we were talking about is like next year's Santa Clara, which is like, I, we did the, we did the WrestleMania in Santa Clara. It was a mess. Right. And that was WrestleMania Super Bowl is like a way bigger event. It's really hard to move Around. That's spread out. Yeah, I know. Yeah. New Orleans, great job as a great city. Great food. Love being here. It's a one of a kind. I Said Wednesday, I was like, I have to mix a blackened chicken salad into this one, into this rotation because I'm just, it just the lettuce.


I'm, I'm just gonna die with these roasted oysters with Parmesan. I'm, this is the best thing I've ever had. Never got it. Never got it. So I can keel over any day. Never happened. Yeah. They're frying. Just and they'll fry anything here. Yeah. But they, they just don't care. Anything's possible. Anything else you wanna hit from the week? That's it. I mean, I have it like a Parent Corner kind of thing, but I don't know. Is that another break or? Let's do it. Do it. We do it now. Let no do a Parent Corner. We're good. Well, Well first of all, you know, I went to a small party. Oh. And before that, what's the age where you stop buying your kids? Anything at the airport when you come home from a, a city or a game or So something like that. Or thinking about bringing them home? A gift or anything. Yes. Yeah. I'm gonna say probably age seven or eight. Thank you.


Okay. Good. Yeah. All right. I win that argument. I'm gonna, I'm gonna quote you as the gospel. I don't want, I don't wanna hear why I have to hear from everybody. I didn't bring a gift back. These kids are bigger than me. The people make you feel bad. Who made you feel bad? Yeah, Of course. Yeah. The people in this house. The second thing is I, you know, I've, I've been down on squares and pools and stuff for Super Bowl. But when I see how excited the kids get and it's like their first, you know, put dipping their toe into gambling. I like the pool, super Bowl squares pools at parties now. I really do. And even though it's me collecting at the last second and drawing the numbers, like while they're kicking off and everything, it's terrific. I hate putting it together. And then I see like kids, like no, I know I have two, one, but oh no old them mile wide.


They're going for two point conversions. Like eight year olds screaming at each other. Whether they should go for two points or one. So I'm backing on this. Well, this one with the zero's zero two is the final, could not have been on a lot of zero Two are not good. Yes. That's not something you would buy in fan. Yes. Seriously. But my, my oldest kid who's in Oregon one, 'cause I put his name in and he is like, he is like, you know what, just give it to all the little kids at the party. And I was like, well, you're no son of mine. I would never do that, but sure I'll do that. So that's that, that, that's really the parent one. I'm, I'm, I'm back in on Squares. But also, is this the biggest Venmo day of the year? Oh, that's interesting.


That would be a good Venmo ad. That should be a Venmo Super Bowl ad. Yeah. Biggest day of the year. We won't tell anyone if you don't tell anyone those kind of things. That's what happens. Oh, what happens in Venmo stays in Venmo. That, That should be their Strategy. Right? Yeah. You know, I we forgot to talk about the halftime show, by the way. Yeah. The, the Kendrick thing where I knew he was playing not like us 'cause I was tipped off, but they, they teased it so that it was like, am I gonna do it? Am I gonna do it? And then they did it. And the whole crowd, at least part of the crowd was singing the chorus. And it was, it was pretty great. I I, I mean he had already decisively won the beef and then this was like, you know, almost like going for two and running the Philly special when you're up 52 to seven with two minutes left.


And just like the all time f you exclamation point. It was pretty great. Did people love it? I feel like on, on on social. He is. It's getting killed a little bit. The Songs, the show, it was exactly as polarizing as I think he wanted it to be. Okay. Like he wa he didn't play all like, here are my five best songs. He didn't do the usually thing and it was all leading. Well, Something else, it Was pretty cool. Wasn't as polarizing. Kanye had a fricking commercial on Fox. What? I'm not joking. Look it up. What was the commercial? I don't even know what the hell it was. We were all staring at each other like, what the fuck, what is going on? He seemed to be in a dentist chair. He was just saying gibberish. And this is after an insane week on Twitter.


Yeah. I, you know, we don't have to get into it, but I, we, we live in a really messed Time. I mean, he went after everybody. He's probably gonna go after us. Yeah. I was like, and Fox let him Kick him off. Go down a spot. Yeah. Unbelievable. Yeah. Kick him off the island too. But that was the biggest shocker. That and the Chiefs losing by 35 points, whatever it was, You know, you know, it wasn't a great, it wasn't a great year so far for the, the gambling didn't do well on any of the Chiefs. Bits, million dollar picks got killed in the playoffs. Just not, not great. But my mom's text about what the hell is going on during the halftime show made up for 90% of it. She didn't know what was happening. Is it, it should almost be like its own social media channel of old people trying to understand the Super Bowl Halftime Show Act, which I think is part of the point of the halftime show act, right?


Yeah. To just Yeah, I think so. Yeah. To just Make, make like at least one third of the country go like, what's going on? What's he saying? Yeah. That should be the ratings. That should be like, Hey, how many mom texts were sent? What the hell is going on? Or dad texts. Yeah. It's dad Text. This is terrible. No, I don't think anyone over 60 enjoyed it. Right. Yeah. I don't necessarily have a Parent Corner. I have a wife corner and you kind of know this story, but I'm gonna tell it again just for the pod. So you guys are all here and House is here and house posts a picture of him and Paige Spear neck on, on his Instagram. It's him and Van and Paige Spare Neck.


And I took it Yeah. Arms around them. And you took the picture. So my wife that night is like, Hey, what's going on with House? And I'm like, what do you mean? And she's like, did you see his Instagram? I'm like, no, I didn't. What happened? And she shows me like, this is crazy. Like his wife's like, what's, is it his, his wife's gonna like, like put all his stuff outside. Like, how do you do this? If you did this, I would fucking kill you. Really? And I'm like, wow. And I'm like this. That's Paige spare. So now I have to walk her through the whole, this isn't just like, I took a picture with like an attractive blonde. Like this is actually like somebody in the golf community. She's got 4 million followers on Instagram.


You Showing 'em the Instagram pictures. I sh I we, I brought her on Instagram. I'm like, this is who it is. It's a celebrity. It's actually a very smart move by house for social media to take a picture with her. Like this will probably be like the most looked at Instagram post Joe House. A man in his mid fifties is probably gonna have this year. So he has to do the post and Correct. So now I'm explaining to her this whole, you know, cottage industry of of of what, what Paige Like ki leveraging social media. Boy, I wouldn't way she does going On radio. Rob wouldn't your wife to Paige's Instagram. Paige would, would be the move. But it it, this works. No, she, she was pro pa She was like, oh, I get it now.


I get, I see it. Yeah. More power to her. She just didn't, she didn't understand why House was doing that. She thought it was like some sort of like midlife crisis. My marriage is in the tank thing. So I had to walk her through it and then also introduce her into the world of social media and sports and how Right. It takes some twists and turns. It was very exciting. So when you, when you said later that your wife might not have been thrilled about the slim gym, like, you know what, we're all just trying to That's it. Trying to stay relevant here in the old sports media world. It's all about cliques. I could, I'm not gonna end up probablys that woman. Trying get Yeah. I don't think, you know, I'm not interested in her. It's fine. It's fine. But you know, Joe House, not a, not a polarizing guy.


I've never had a fight with him in 37 years. Of course a mo one of the highest approval rating people of anybody who I'm friends with and beloved by my wife. And it was like the first time she's ever been mad at Joe House. I didn't last. She should been mad, but it was Shocking. Shoulda mad for taking money out of an at TM and not gambling. Like that to me is a a, a worse offense than, than any of the page. Yeah. She knocked him out of Goat Island. My wife today, the chiefs are down. I I don't even know what the hell score it was. And she comes up to me And I obviously have a lot of money on the Chiefs and, and she's, and she says, boy, chiefs are getting beat bad. This is not what I expected. Is this what you expected? And I'm fucking oh no hemorrhaging money at this point.


And so I think I just, I think I ran to the bathroom and cried. So you have no belt For your pants anymore? You've you've lost everything. It's still there. Yeah. It's weird. Like dead wrong about the game. Don't even feel that bad about it. No. It's like, what are we gonna do? Like the Chiefs did this over and over again. It was idiotic to go against them And I just didn't wanna do it again after that Ravens game last. I just don't, I just didn't wanna So now, now we can treat a football season normally. Yep. Now we can just bet against them. Now we don't have to talk about this mystical thing or whatever. Just have some opinions. And We're back now there's room on the island Now. The room, the island is back. The sw the penthouse suite is opened up on Goat Island.


Tom Brady's back. That's it. All right Sal. So this is it for yet another football season for us. This is season oh seven to 16. I think this is season 19 For us. Unlike Sirianni with the Anthem. Next year's, our 20th season for Guest Alliance. Oh It is. Oh we gotta do something. Yeah. Yeah. 'cause we started in oh seven and next year's. Oh no. Is it? No it's our 18th. I can't count. Maybe 19th We'll out Because this is 2020 we it four season heading into the 25 play. Yeah. So this next year we're Do like an SNL thing. Like do like a retrospective. Have all the great music that's played everything. Well this is about as bad as I can remember doing the playoffs in a while.


Just never had a feel for it this Year. The playoff. Oh yeah, The play the playoffs in general. But but we're gonna do some basketball stuff. You still got against All Odds and you still have the Against the Odds Through The Ringer K show. Yeah, yeah. Because Sounds But You gonna come on D and then we're going, we're doing Masters. We're bringing Baby Doll the masters this year. Yes. And that's the most important sports moment of the year for everybody. We got basketball coming. You got the NBA Now you can watch NBA Now you can care about NBA. I'm excited. The, I can't the draft, the ad draft didn't work out. We could bet on the draft. We got draft props. Yeah, We'll be right there. Yep. The Sdo Sanders. Shoor Sanders over Unders Pro Day in a few days we'll find out who won the next gen stat prop on FanDuel The fastest player.


Wouldn't that be Worthy? Worthy Had to have gone the fastest, right? Oh, I guess so, yeah. With that, I don't know. Yes, it's it's got down the field pretty quickly. Too quickly anyway. Yeah. Well I'm gonna miss you. This is always bittersweet for me. I would like them gone out on the wind. We can always just call each other on the phone and Oh yeah, we, we'll see each other, each other in person. There's that. Yeah. All right. Thanks to Steve Saru and Kyle Creon and Ka as well for producing this all the way through. We did not do YouTube live this week 'cause I'm in New Orleans, but, but we had a lot of fun doing that too. Thanks to everybody for spreading the word for us. And I got new re watchable coming tomorrow night too. So it's a big movie.


Big movie from the eighties. Any guesses? Really big famous eighties movie. Oh, I'm gonna guess wrong. Haven't done it yet. Well tell you've done all of them. No, there's a couple left. This is a big one. Very excited ahead. Excited about it. It's SNL related Heads. It's not cone Heads. Oh forget it. Blues Brothers. We did The Blues Brothers. Oh that was close. Yeah, it was time. Excellent. Anyway, that's coming on Monday night. So Sal, last time of the year. Good Job, you. Good job.


It must be 21 Plus in President Select states for Kansas and affiliation with Kansas Star Casino or 18 plus in President dc. Gambling problem, call 100 gambler. Visit rg help.com. Call 1 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 Or visit cpg.org/chat in Connecticut. Or visit md gambling help.org in Maryland. Hope is here. Visit gambling helpline ma.org or call 8 3 2 7 50 50 for twenty four seven. Support Massachusetts. Or call 1 8 7 7 8 Hope ny. Or Text Hope NY in New York.