
You're listening to The Bill Simmons Podcast presented by FanDuel FanDuel. Sportsbook is the best place to bet on the NBA. We have these fun little Tuesday, Friday player performance stuff. We have same game parlays, we have picks for me sometimes and boosts and all kinds of fun things. Get ready in the playoffs. Download the FanDuel Sportsbook app today to get in on the action. And by the way, The Ringer is committed to responsible gaming. Please visit The Ringer dot com slash rg to learn more. Listen to the end of this episode for additional details. Must be 21 plus President select state's game problem called 1-800-GAMBLER. Or visit rg-help.com.


Coming up, gonna talk a lot of basketball ll and somehow we're barely gonna talk about March Madness. I'm sorry. We love the NBA. It's next.


This episode is brought to you by MICHELOB ULTRA. MICHELOB ULTRA. A superior LIGHT BEER in the ultimate trophy. Win or lose. You're bound to enjoy the ride with a good beer in hand. MICHELOB ULTRA crisp, refreshing only 95 calories, a superior LIGHT BEER. Beer. No matter the game Sporter, season superior is worth playing for. So sign up for ultra courtside at MICHELOB ULTRA dot com slash courtside and you can enjoy some of these games with nice beer in your hand. ENJOY RESPONSIBLY copyright 2025 Anheuser-Busch MICHELOB ULTRA Registered LIGHT BEER St. LOUIS, Missouri. Must be 21 plus to order alcohol, alcohol available only in select markets.


We're also brought to you by The Ringer Podcast Network. I have a new white Lotus Recap on the Prestige TV podcast, me, Mallory Rubin and Joanna Robinson. Episode five is an all time, all time banger and we are breaking it down. As soon as you finish that episode, you can listen to our recap. Also have new re watchable coming on Monday. It's kind of kind of moved into sports movie month. So we are doing Days of Thunder. Tom Cruise, his 16th re watchable movie, so you can check that out. That's on video on Spotify as well. Or you can watch it on The Ringer Movies YouTube channel. We have the Sonic Boom podcast that we did in 2019 for Luminary. It's now available on The Ringer Podcast Network and you can get it on our book of basketball 2.0 feed.


If you remember, the Sonics were one of the most iconic franchises in the NBA. The won the 1979 title and then all of a sudden they packed their bags for Oklahoma and Sonic Boom tells the story of basketball and politics, wealth and power, revealing new truth about the NBA's greatest heist. It was a nine episode series and we're gonna be dropping episodes, I think twice a week over the course of the next month. Especially relevant now that OKC is the favorite to win the NBA title. So anyway, you can check that out. And then last thing, Fandel Sportsbook doing player performance doubles two leg parlays on Tuesdays. Player prop. Combine it with a team to win. And we are doing a ringer PBTA Profit Boost Token on any player performance bet placed on Tuesday games.


You got one choice. I'm gonna tweet out my picks on Tuesday. We've got some good games. Milwaukee Gold State on Tuesday, Cleveland and the Clippers. Stay tuned for my picks. Be sure to claim The Ringer PBT and the Carousel and the FanDuel Sportsbook app this Tuesday Coming up. Priscilla And I are gonna talk a lot of NBA stuff. We are just disgusted with the suns intrigued by the Cavs OKC. Where are they going? We have a lot of fun little gimmicks for you. And we're talk about Season the Brink Two. It's all next first. Our friends firm Pearl Jab.


All right, we are taping this. It is four o'clock on a Sunday afternoon. All the March Madness that just came out. Our Long National nightmare is over. Another Phoenix Sons nationally televised game is behind us. How much longer Illa, how much like here, here's the case for the season being too long. We don't have to go through the death march of the last 20 sons games among other things. But God can't they move stuff around? Can't they flex? What can they do? At one point Wisconsin outscored Phoenix through like 24 minutes of real basketball. I was keeping track of it, you know, and rarely will I ever be at home going, when does Atlanta Brooklyn start? Because that's, yeah, that's where I was with with them. And I know they kind of pretended it was close Bill they fuck up on defense so many times that I can't even, sometimes I can't figure out who was wrong.


Yeah, Like I have these plays, there's too many suspects. Yeah. Like I'll have these plays written down and be like, what happened on that one? And then at the very end there's a, I think it's a Dorian Finney Smith three where it looked like youth league basketball where three guys were on Luca. And you know, they don't, I just, I hate watching them. I've obviously expressed that we don't need to let spend a lot of time on this and then, well they, they Hate having you watch them. They hate watching. They hate playing together. They, they hate watching each other as they play basketball together. It's a pretty rare situation of a team that seems reasonably talented on paper that we have these teams that bring the best out of each other and this team just brings the worst out of each other for whatever reason.


I have no answer for it. I was gonna have a little segment for you, like later. It should be this bad. It should never be this bad. Like as bad as they are, people can make fun of it or whatever. It's ridiculous. They're this bad. Like coming outta the gate, you would think you have between 52 and 56 points per game from two guys. You should be in every game at that point. No matter how bad your defense is, whatever you're missing, you should at least be hanging around. They're down 10, 15, 20. Nobody seems to care. I was gonna do a little segment later, but we can do it now called, I just don't have the answer. And if I had like a son's son's friend who was like, what do you think's wrong with this team? And I was like, I honestly don't know.


I don't know why it's even worse than it was last year when it was like, oh it's Vogel's fault. We need, you know, maybe it's Norco's fault. Well they traded nor it's still bad. I don't understand it. I don't get it. Last year, remember they had that ridiculous fourth quarter point differential that was so absurd. It was so bad. It was historically bad and it still didn't really make any sense. 'cause you're like, well they can't actually be that bad. And then, you know, there was an injury part of it where you could point to how often have you had the three guys there and this year you can't point to any of that stuff. And it's like, look, I actually probably watched them more than I should because I'm still amazed and I'm not talking about them not being like a four seat or whatever, but this team sucks.


Yeah. And even when they had that winning streak, which we've talked about in the past, they had that stretch, but they were, they'd lost to Charlotte and they barely beat Charlotte. And they had a weird wizards game that they almost blew and they were putting together like a decent record. And even then I'm like, I don't like this team at all. And I, I think a lot of it's just the defensive effort, the lack of competitiveness, the point of attack, defense, whatever their help rules are, they don't know what they are. They don't care to know what they are. Right. They're, they're just an absolute mess. And you're right. Like people can point to this and be like, oh, this is why you shouldn't do this. You shouldn't do that. Like, teams are never gonna say, oh you know what we're gonna do not bring in stars because of what happened at Phoenix. But this is, yeah, this is so bad. You know, I actually do think it's more than just, you know, when the nets were messed up, those guys didn't really play or they were hurt.


Yeah. It was Durant, Kyrie and obviously Harden and then, you know, the Simmons part of it's a different factor altogether. But I, I watch in amazement, but I'm, I think I'm done after today. Well, you know what else is funny? When they're on, on the same night where there's an awesome game, like if you watch them after you watch like Celtics Thunder the other night and how hard everybody's going, every possession and the switching and the scrambling and the intensity and the intensity and the aggressiveness and then you watch the Suns like basically playing like it's an all-star game. I, you know, there was an article on ES ESPN on Friday where it was kind of it, it wasn't a, now they tell us because the season's still going, but there was some breadcrumbs, stre stre throughout including some good-ish BIA quotes.


There was a hilarious Bradley Beal quote about I've got my no trade clause, I'm doing great. But reading that piece, they're basically saying, look, HB has gone bookers and untouchable. That's the one guy like, you know, he's basically saying we're trading through it in the summer, which everybody knows. I don't think anybody should be an untouchable on this team the way the last three years have gone. If I was, if the two of us were in a room, we were the conciliary for hb and he is like, well we can't trade Booker. I would be like, we can't really, like everybody's available in my opinion on that team. I know they're gonna build around Booker, but from what we've seen from him the last couple playoffs and then this season and last season too, I just don't feel like there's an untouchable guy in this team.


If the Rockets were gonna overpay for Booker, I would just think about it at least I wouldn't just say blanket. No way. We're not trading him. You like Booker more than I do though. I do. I do. Yeah. You know, today was a, a bad shooting game, you know, but I also watched him in so many of these stretches in the fourth quarter where he starts the fourth by himself with whatever role guys they're trying to mix and match with him and whatever his efficiency is supposed to be in those moments. I mean, it's just shot to hell because there's no spacing. Like remember when Ryan Dunn hit threes for a couple weeks and everybody's like, how did this guy, how did he last so late? And then every the Year Because he can't shoot. And guess what? He can't shoot the Nick Richards thing moving out your was supposed to help a little bit bit.


I mean, we've covered all the stuff where I felt like with their restrictions, they actually did a really good job on the margins of all of this stuff. I mean you can sit here and keep blaming Beal for all of it, but at some point, like Booker and Durant just have to move on from the fact that Beal's not available. He's not competitive. You know, I don't know that he's as prideful as you need to be from a guy that's getting paid that much money. And maybe we had all the hints when he was with the Wizards and it's funny, we get on these guys cases about asking out of situations sometimes. And not every case is the same. So I don't think you should be married to every player is wrong or every player is right. Which, you know, other people, you can find them doing that. But should we have known when Beal was like, oh, I'm good in Washington. Right? This is great.


Was That, was that the all Time trade card? If you were Booker, why would you wanna stay? I don't know, because you know, ish B'S quotes, I understand where he's coming from, but you can't, you can't just grit your teeth and be better in the NBA. Yeah. Right, right. You, it's like we're not gonna tank. We, we have too much pride to do that. So we're going plan B. And not everybody thinks that they should do plan B, but that's what we're gonna do. It's like, okay cool. You have no draft picks, you have no way to improve your roster. You're not gonna be able to sign free agents. You're over the apron. You're not gonna get nearly what you think you're gonna get for Durant. You're just not, he's gonna be in year 19 next year.


And he's not as impactful two ways as he used to be. And if anything, like I would think he's a pretty big injury risk at the age he's at. I just don't think people are ping up big big packages for him. Who's doing it? Let's, we go through teams right now, find me the team that's gonna be like, yeah, it's a rant right now. Somebody will Do it. First of all, somebody will do do It. But what's the, what is it though? Like let's say Miami strikes out an all free agent. They're like, all right, what let's go for kd. What's the offer? Like they two years ago? Miami. Miami. Yeah, but I that's, but it's the kind of team like that. It's like a semi desperate team. There's other teams that I think with what you've seen from Durant the last couple years without unhappy, his teams are, And I should mention, I like Kevin Durant, he's been on a lot of unhappy teams now in the 2020s, I would be scared if I would had a young team like, let's bring in this guy as, as the, as the widely leadership vet.


Like, can you do that? Alright, so I, I wrote some things down. So if we're just in it now, let's get to it. Because you know, last year we were watching Dallas and the Clippers play in that playoff series. And we were talking and it was kind of like a fun series, but it was also weird and it was just, you didn't really know what to expect. Kauai goes down and you know, yeah, Dallas gets through it or whatever. And then you've got all these guys out there where it's like, clearly you would do anything to get Kauai and then you double down on all of it to get Paul George. 'cause Paul George gets you Kauai. And you know, we've been over it with Lawrence, Frank and Balmer. And like in the moment you'd be like, Hey, we can get Kauai if we move in for Paul George. It's like, all right, done. You know, what are we doing? And then they make the Harden deal and they're like the only team that's gonna pay him.


Maybe I hated it On the Dallas side, hated okay, but on the Dallas side you have the KY Rebe, which at the time hated That too, right? You're going, what are these guys is, you wanna talk about breadcrumbs to clues for Nico Harrison later on. Yeah. Who also after the Luca Trade said that they don't do scary transactions. It's like you actually did the scariest transaction that you could have done in the league at the time. And it's been awesome. Kyrie's been awesome for them. It sucks. He's hurt because it's just been fun to see him be kind of happy as a basketball player again. Anyway, so the point is, is that we were talking about that series, I'm like, this series is an example of why GMs are just like, yep, I know what all you guys are saying. But in the playoffs we need dudes that are at that level that can find a way to get buckets.


And I think the Jimmy Butler lesson is another reminder of think about his market, think about how much we talk about it, all of us that aren't working in leagues, and then all of a sudden it's like golden state's like, yeah, we'll do something for it. They didn't give up a ton, but then we'll also throw a hundred million at this guy. And it's worked and it's been great. But I, I think there are constant reminders as we talk about Durant for however down, we can think everyone is on one of these players, these guys that are all gonna go to the Hall of Fame. And granted there's an age where it's no longer worth it, but Durant's still probably in the window where another team goes, you know what, maybe we're a 48 to 52 win team, but we're probably not beating anybody in the second round.


Definitely not in the third round. So does Durant increase our ceiling despite his injury history? And I think the unhappiness, his un the unhappiness history is the, is the bigger point that you bring up. So I'm with you, but I, I think these guys constantly remind us that the pursuit of these players as tarnished, they can be at some point, even at their lowest lows of approval, there's still a market for 'em, right? Or haven't we learned this lesson enough yet? Yeah, it's, it's less the market for the players, the more the desperation of the suitors suitors, you know, the Warriors are staring at that Jimmy Butler trade for two months and it got to the point with Steph, like, Steph's gonna be 37, we're gonna waste another year.


He's already breaking down. We have to do something. And you talk yourself into it. And also the price dropped, which I think really helped him as well. It got the point where it was basically a first Wiggins and that was it. So, and also once Butler knew he wasn't going to eat his way till the last day, then he is like, all right, now I'll go here if we do the extra year. But the Butler thing is a really, to me like, like this ties into it. If they had gotten Duran instead of Butler, do you think the Warrior would be playing this? Well, because I would argue, one of the things that I think, and I've watched a ton of Golden State, like I, I am just so fired up about the Steph Comeback. Steph's now making like a second team all NBA run. Like it's kind of stealth.


But I think by the time we get to the end of the season, I think he's in the top 10 conversation. But I think what's made this run special for these guys is that Butler doesn't care what his stats are. Everybody on that team is sacrificing. Butler will have games where he doesn't even really shoot like he's doing like the 2015 iada, I'll just play some defense. I'm over here if you need me. Oh, you need me, I'll score right now on my guy. But for the most part, he's completely bought in. I don't know if Durant at this point in hi in his career would be able to do all the glue guy stuff that Butler's doing. I don't know if he's that kind of player anymore. He, to me he's like, we need him because like Orlando, like that's a weird fit, right? They have Palo and Franz, it makes no sense, but Orlando needs somebody who could be like, I can score a bucket right now.


I got this clear out. Like it's a team like that that needs scoring. I don't know if it was Golden State necessarily. We already have And who knows if they would've been happy We already have his ants, he wouldn't have been. Yeah, because Right, because he clearly didn't want to go there. Right. So even if he had said yes, I mean, I guess if you're playing it out, some alternate universe where he's excited, let's do this again. But I don't think that's who he was gonna be. And I'm, I'm with you like the Butler passing part of it. Somebody that you just trust in some of these big spots. You know, Kur talked about just how smart he is and how good he is and the assist turnover stuff. There's some swagger shit with him too that I think is really important.


There's that team has an arrogance to it again. And I mean that has in a good way that team's got, its got its thing back. And I think he brought it back, Draymond started playing a little bit better and started carrying himself a little more. And at the combo of them, I remember the Pistons when they lost Mahorn in the expansion draft after they won the first title. Devastating. And they, well they had that whole bad boy thing. He was such a big part of that. And then he left and it was kind of like, oh, now it's just lamb beer and Isaiah and, and Rod. And then Rodman had to kind of step up and fill in that bad boy thing. But I, the, the combo of Draymond and Butler, I think that, and Moody has, it's, you can see it's infected him in a good way too.


Like he's carrying himself now. And I, I just think that team, that team has real playoff toughness. I'm really watching them now as a team. I don't think they can beat OKC necessarily, but they love playing OKC. They've had great games against them. I think they'll be happy to go toe to toe with them. And I think it'll be a good series, I think. Okay, KC will win. But we, Ima imagine saying that six weeks ago about Golden State, they looked like they were dead. No, I think my favorite stat too for Steph is that he was 22 shots a game in February and now he's 17. And, and it's because it's not just scoring Butler, Right? He, he doesn't wanna shoot 22 times a game. Yeah. And there's some guys that'll never understand not wanting to shoot 20 times a game and, and he could shoot 25 if he wanted to and he'd probably be justified.


But you can just tell when they were really just grinding offensively, it was like, all right, you're running this first thing, right, Steph is cut off then it's worst. He's coming Around the back. Oh he's coming this way. Oh now he's coming around. Right. So at least with Butler, you have to respect him even if you're not, you know, being as aggressive. And, you know, it's funny 'cause I was looking at his numbers against Wiggins numbers and just the points for Game are about the same. Yeah. But the, you know, the rebounding, the assist stuff with him and Butler's metrics have always been really good this year because he's still getting such a ridiculous free throw rate because we've covered it. I mean, he's just gonna get you once he seals you at the rim. But you, right, like I, I think last night, like Moody was getting into guys defensively, I just think there's a ceiling on what they'll be able to do.


I'm, I'm surprised you would think the OKC series would be competitive because the what what they're unveiling with this Chet Hartstein thing. I that's, that's asking A lot of money. Maybe I'm trying to myself into it. No, it's just, I think the thing that I've noticed already with Butler, I think it's so hard to just kind of move into that Golden State system and figure out how to play with Steph the right ways. And Butler's already figured it out. He's like, oh, I got the ball in the corner, but now I see Steph floating around behind me, I'm gonna screen my guy and give back to him. Like he's already, it feels like he's played like a hundred games with him, you know? And, and the only reason I mention the KC thing And I think KC is the best team in the league. I just feel like they've had, I, I believe in the model of, we've played this team really well over the years.


'cause I feel the same way about Milwaukee and Cleveland. Cleveland's better than Milwaukee, but Milwaukee's played good games against 'em. I've watched some of 'em, like they're battles, they have a relationship. I can't wait for Milwaukee's week like going into the night and everything. Like I'm really excited about the Bucks for the next week looking at that schedule. Right. Yeah. Okay. But Back to the original point though. Yeah. Are you playing the results on the Butler Fit and also playing the results on the current Durant fit where there's a, is there still a version of Durant where say, you know, the reason I always look at Houston is if Houston goes, okay look we, we've done a really good job here. We've built probably as deep in Asset Chest as they're in the league.


You know, maybe outside of, depending what you think of OKC in the high end, I think everybody understands what I'm trying to say here. Options, right? Option depth of like, oh, if we did this and this for this guy, like could you see the Durant Happiness thing is, is real. I mean it's, I don't love the Durant she mix. I don't like them as a combo because I can't play any of their real tall guys who can protect the rim with those two. They're rolling out some, I guess I could play Jabari Some. No, they're going like Jabari Adam Goon right now. And I know I don't, it's weird. And their record is kind of, they've hung around. I think we all thought they were gonna dip Booker makes way more sense to me with Houston than Durant's.


Yeah. Booker is exactly what they need. That's one of those. If you just replaced Jalen Green with Booker, be like, holy shit. Okay. Okay. So let's go back to this. Is Booker kind of the pierce phase for Danny Ange say 2005, 2007 Stretch. Yes. Where Pierce is 28, 29. Remember they take, that's the only real stretch of Pierce's career with Awesome. Where he didn't play right because they were like, But oh six remember you, you remember this. Nobody else does. Pierce was awesome that one year when they went like 35 and 47 Pierce was incredible. He was like carrying like, there was like nobody, so the question is, is he more Paul Pierce or is he more Ray Allen at that point of their careers?


Right? So the Pierce year you're talking about is the oh six year. You're right. I mean he 27 a game. Awesome. 27 he's awesome. Seven and five, you know, he is taking 18 shots a game. Which actually isn't even the high 'cause he, he took a lot during some Of those. Well the pace was way slower back then. Everybody was, you know, 27 a game back then was like 32 now. Yeah. But he took 20 shots a game when he was 25. But granted that Boston team Yeah. You know, was six over 500. So that was kind of like the Jim O'Brien was like, you guys can do whatever you want. I want Jack. Yeah, yeah. Do whatever you guys want on offense as long as you guys play defense. And so I just felt like no You're right. Pierce is the right comparison. You're right. 'cause Pierce was a little better than Ray Allen as a two-way guy. So what was the point that Angel always made?


'cause you know, again, I was doing TV back then. Yeah. I had a good relationship with him. I would ask him whether he was on the air with us or the times I would run into a wall fa and, and just bullshit. And it was always cool that he would do it with me. And I was kind of in the mindset of like a younger guy that we always want everybody to hit the reset button. Like two years of not going in the right direction. We're like, yep, get rid of everybody. Hit the reset button. We all do it in the media, we do it as fans constantly. Ish B did that in the interview. He talked about it. Everyone just wants to blow it up. I don't wanna do that. This is why this is good because then Angel just go, I want more players like Paul Pierce. Paul Pierce is, he wouldn't swear obviously 'cause it's Danny but he's like, Paul Pierce is awesome. Yeah. It's my job to build around Pierce and it's basically the exact same age range that we're talking about with Booker.


So, But there's one crucial difference. I know what it is, but go, The Celtics had a bunch of assets and they, they had the at least cap space coming down the road and moves to make in the last three years of that decade. And I think the difference with the Suns is what are the moves? Because you can, even if you trade Durant, you gotta get contracts back. I don't even think they're allowed to take two guys back for 'em 'cause they're so far over the apron. So you almost have to take one guy back or trade 'em to a team that could take on the cap space. You gotta get assets back. But then you gotta turn those assets into more Booker help. You aren't able to sign anybody in for HC and you have no picks.


Like the Celtics that year they had Al Jefferson and they had Rondo and you know, they had Gerald Green who weirdly had value. Ryan Gomes, they had Ryan Gomes, they had, they had first round picks to trade. Like the, the Phoenix doesn't have any of that. I would be, I, if I was a Suns fan, I'd be so bummed out. 'cause I don't think there's anything worse than being unwatchable but also having no hope for the next couple years. And I don't see how you have hope if you're them. So a booker tells you your isbe and booker's like, look, I get it. There's no wiggle room here. And that's the biggest difference between the Pierce Booker comp that we're Coming up with here, is that there were at least outs, there was stuff on the horizon. And with Phoenix and the new second and all of the stuff, the restrictions, it's far more restrictive.


This current situation. Yeah. If Booker goes to you, your ish B is like, you know what? I know this but I don't wanna go anywhere. What do you do? You keep 'em at that point, at least for another year and you try to make the best of rant deal you can and you fire everybody who told you you shouldn't trade for Bradley Beal with the no trade clause. I think whoever's left in the building who was like, I do it, they they have to go. You just have to clear, clear the deck because that's like, we did the worst contracts draft and Woz took Bradley Beal first and he was right to trade for that. When you have no to trade for a contract with no outs is the most irresponsible thing you can do as a franchise.


You know, and the, the MB contract's probably second. Well I don't know what they do and it's one of the most shocking things I can remember in recent NBA history because we thought the Phoenix was gonna be good. Like legit good. And they're the opposite. They're awful. We'll take a break. I have a couple more things to throw you related to this.


The Bill Simmons Podcast is brought to you by FanDuel. The beauty of the turning, the underdogs, the chaos, the stories that make you believe the fans. It's why we love college basketball right now. FanDuel turning the excitement up even higher through the first two rounds of the tournament. Bet correctly on the lowest winning seat of the day and you'll win a share of $1 million in bonus bets. That is an upset you'll not be upset about. FanDuel the best place to bet on the turn. You can bet on everything from spreads to money lines. Team totals. You can bet the East West brackets anything you want plus so much more. Visit fando.com/bs to back your dog of the day because in March anything can happen Must be 21 plus President Select states or 18 plus and President DC Optum required winning pre-live money line wager on lowest seed required each $1 million jackpot to be split equally among all eligible winners. Bonus bets are non withdraw expire seven days after receipt restrictions. Apply exceed terms@sportsbookdodefender.com gambling problem called 100 Gambler or visit rg-help.com.


This episode is brought to you by MICHELOB ULTRA. We are getting close to the NBA playoffs, which means we are getting close to the NBA finals. One of my favorite sporting events. Not just because it's really fun basketball at the highest possible level, but all of the historical legacy stuff. It's my favorite. You've heard me talk about on the podcast many times. Speaking of finals, MICHELOB ULTRA has given me the chance to win tickets to the NBA finals, which I hope Boston is a part of. Not only do they make a superior beer, they're also helping fans like you get closer to the game. MICHELOB ULTRA superiors worth playing for. Check out MICHELOB ULTRA dot com slash NBA finals to enter for a chance to win tickets. MICHELOB ULTRA Courtside BA finals sweepstakes no purchase necessary open to US residents excluding Maryland residents. 21 and up ends on May 5th, 2025. See official rules@megloultra.com slash rules for price and detail. Message and data rates may apply void where prohibited.


All right, so I mentioned the, I Just don't have an answer with the Suns. I got really mad about the Austin Reeves thing over the weekend with the Spurs again. And I, I almost did a whole tweet thing And I was like, I think I've already tweeted about this. I went back and, and and saw what they used their cap for that summer. It was, it was Chetty, Osmond and Campaign and they just could have had Reeves. I don't think they ever made the story I heard was the hi Reeves and his camp. Camp was waiting for an offer. Waiting for an offer. And the Spurs like, we're gonna get one gonna get, we're gonna get one. And then the Lakers smartly were like, you gotta tell us by tonight if you're doing this. And the Spurs were just too late, never did it. And then after the fact were like, yeah, you know, we're here away.


We don't want, but I was just made me so mad thinking two Texas teams have rebuilt the Lakers, the Mavericks and the Spurs. The Lakers are just headed toward the cliff with old LeBron and the ad heading hitting his mid thirties and no real ability to rebuild. And now they're gonna be really good for the next 10 years. And it's 'cause of these two dumbass Texas teams. It makes me so mad. I would tell you that Reeve's Camp really appreciates you bringing this up. Probably every six weeks. I'll do it every three weeks. He is, Reeves is legitimately good. Like could Reeves make the All Star team? I think he could, not this year, but like in the next three years, could he be an Allstar?


Yeah, I think he could. Is he as good as like Jeff Horne was, I think he is like Reeves is, I wanna do a third banana list with you and and see where he ranks in the third bananas. I just, I just can't believe we were talking that whole season about too Bad. Grant Williams is hurt. Shit We were talking remember where that could, would they offer him four for, could somebody offer him four for 98? That's the max You could go like, ah, that's a lot. It's like, well that's 20 plus million a year. Anyway. They got him for what, 1213. Clearly it'll him all this other stuff. The Spurs could not have thought he was gonna be this good. How? I don't that, that's where, you know, and the Spurs have done good stuff over the years and like they nailed the Castle Pick last year.


No, I mean in recent times they nailed the castle pick. Right. I'm just saying the Spurs track record's been pretty good. Spurs Track record a long time. Good. I'm talking recently maybe not as good but you Yeah, if you wanna tell me there's some misses in there. Yeah. Okay. You got me. I Think Reeves is a miss. It's a huge miss. They had the cap space trade him. He's an asset or sign. He's an asset. The biggest thing to you is make him the offer so that LA has to match it. Yeah. So that's one. Another one I don't have an answer for That almost sounded like cow herd right there. Thank you. Still don't have a real answer for why the MB extension happened and yet another one you And I have talked about for a while and there's still some buck passing going on with it and nobody's really owned it yet.


I've heard various stories about it. I've, I've gotten some intel on it that you have. Can you share, gimme, gimme what you've heard. He means a lot to Philly. It's the right thing to do. If his body breaks down, we'll be able to cover it with insurance anyway. It'll be a huge distraction if we don't do this, we should just do it. And odds are he's gonna be healthy was the case. Odds are. Yeah. Yeah. I felt like the public stuff about ownership being like, you know, weren't sure about this one. You're like ridiculous. I mean it's Ridiculous. These owners run these teams, They make every decision, right?


That's even 10% as important as this. They're making the decision. It's ridiculous. The number of trades they want to do don't like the, just over the years you're like, what happened with that? And it's like, yeah. Oh the owner. Like what do you like, I remember how long it took me to finally just accept that the owners are, they don't let somebody just go, yeah we're, what'd you guys do today? Good news. No, it's so true. Well and the owner can become the boogeyman sometimes when you talk to teams where if it was a draft pick that you're like wow, you know, the owner really pushed for that. So that's kind of that we shouldn't have listened to them on that. They, so you never know what's real or not. You know those, there's some Of that stuff too.


There's, we know the teams, I don't wanna list them 'cause I don't wanna betray anybody there. There teams or they use owners as a boogieman because Like when Gaston before WIC and the guys had bought Celtics, which is honestly one of the greatest things that could have happened. Yeah. But Gaston would apparently just say, here's the number and if it's a dollar over, it's coming outta your pocket. And that was it. Right? Like as hands off as you could possibly be as an owner. But is that, is that awesome or does that actually suck that you can't go to your owner and say Hey we have this on the table and here's, you know, we can, we can work with this, you know, if you allow us this and then maybe next year we cut it back down to here. You know, I don't know if being that rigid, at least you kind of know where you stand and what your parameters are for a team.


But I specific to the MBI thing And I like Josh Harris a lot, but you, you're not, you can't tell me like you didn't want to do it and Darrell and the staff convinced you to do it. And Josh has been around sports like he's in, Josh Has run, he is run companies. He owns two professional sports teams that are very expensive and have a lot of employees. He's not just passing off that decision to somebody else. This is not a defense of Darrell because I'm sure Darrell really wanted to do it too, but to, to make it seem like you had to be talked into it. But deep down you knew it was a bad idea. Like get the fuck outta here, stop. Yeah that one, that one I'm gonna have a hard time believing 'cause then it spins it back on a Darrell and you know, the difference between your relationship with Darrell and mine are is is pretty wide.


But I think I'm always fair about it 'cause I Yeah think he's really good. I try to be fair too. Right, right. It's Been a rough year. It does seem like it's one of those dumb it cultural organizational, like we pay Paul George 200 million, we max maxi out at his number. Yeah. And he was nice enough to wait so like let's get everybody on the same financial timeline and you're just thinking to yourself and clearly like the announcement of it being that close to the start of the season means that they probably had already come to some kind of general agreement maybe before the Olympics even happened. Possible. But the way, the way we're seeing it is like this many weeks after you saw him laboring during the Olympics and you don't even have to do this extension and you've got it under player.


Like yeah You have two more years for him anyway. Why would you be in a hurry to hand this guy that kind of money. But I think it comes back to a lot of that stuff. It's like if you're gonna pay these other guys and what he means to the city and all that different stuff, I think the mb part that's a little curious is that I don't know that he's actually a blast day to day and it doesn't really get talked about a ton. Which, you know, good for him. And I know there was the, the part of it where it kind of leaked out last year and then he was upset that, That he was late to stuff and That people were talking about Planning. Yeah. But I have a feeling like it's, it's like a lot of organizations where if you have one of these guys win, he is rights a top five player in the world, you do whatever he wants but you just hope that him doing whatever he wants is in line with you trying to win as many games as you possibly can.


And I'm not even really, you know, not, I'm trying to be fair about this whole thing 'cause it's not like an Embiid only situation 'cause we always hear about this kind of stuff, but it's just, it felt like there was a lot of things that probably could have told everybody involved. Like do we wanna wait on this? Maybe just a year. Take a year. Yeah, take a year. Here's another one I just don't have an answer for. Oh this is a good one. Is Denver good? Ooh, now you're cooking. Are they good? Like if they lost four one in round one, would you be like, I can't believe it. There were no signs at all. If they made the Western finals, would you be like, I can't believe they made the Western finals.


I don't know. To me they are like, I I don't know what to expect. They're like one of those boxers that they could knock somebody out. They could get knocked out. It could be, or they're almost like a UFC fighter. Like I don't know what UFC fighter, that'd be like gci. Like Geechy might just get fucking cold cock rock cold. He might, he might have an awesome fight today. I didn't like I watched a lot of the Laker game And I watched the fourth quarter of the Washington game last night. Wow. So You're coming off the Wizards game last night. No, but I watched, I watched almost that entire Laker game when they didn't have Luca and they didn't have LeBron and they're just hanging with Reeves and connect. That's what made me so mad about Reeves on Friday night and Denver was trying and they were home and they needed the game and they're barely hanging on against this like G League Laker team with Reeves And I, I was just like, what the fuck?


Hey, like to me the MV we talked a week ago about the MVP of yo kids. Like it's, I I I don't know what scenario would happen for SGA not to win the MVP at this point after the week he had. But is Denver good? Well let's see here. I I thought the Washington game was more alarming. And by the way, if we're gonna be critical of when he gets into games, let's be positive when he's a plus eight Bronny James plus eight in 16 minutes in that game. Okay. Fair. That's the Doc Rivers rule. All right. The Doc Rivers rule full effect against that Lakers version of a team out there. I did Dalton take 30 shots in that game by the way. Yeah, 13 or 27.


He's playing on playing hard too. Okay. So that one Seemed like he got concussed at the end. He was Dunkins already hit his head. The Washington game was far more alarming than I think the Lakers won 'cause I'm going with the Doc Rivers rule where I'd rather the other team have everybody. So I know my guys are in And I think that game they went into it being like whatever to be up seven. I think with four minutes to go on The Wizards where you were up, they get back into it. It's stupid. Pool has the most Jordan pool last few minutes of a basketball game you could ever imagine hits the game winner on a shot where it was like just feeling Thibs himself 34 footer Aaron Gordon Was intending to take coming outta the timeout.


I know Gordon played in, he played in the Lakers game 31 minutes but he didn't play in the Wizards game. So I, I just have to have fully formed Aaron Gordon. And if you run through it, are you gonna take like if the two through five right now is a game in the west, if it's Minnesota, Denver, are you picking Minnesota right now? I mean I could change it in a week but from what I've been watching the last month I would take Minnesota against Denver And I also feel like Minnesota seems like they genuinely feel like they have Denver's number for whatever reason. Think they'll be a really hard series for Denver, Minnesota looked great against them the other night. Like I went You really like playing Denver. Yeah, the the Denver, I think the biggest Denver issue is that when you saw them go up against OKC and then you saw him go up against Minnesota, it was just back-to-back games where you're watching Christian Brown have to defend SGA and then Ant And I don't know if Aaron Gordon becomes the guy 'cause he didn't plan either those games.


Is Aaron Gordon somebody they go hey in a playoff series or at least the fourth quarter, like we feel like we can throw this guy at him. There's just a lot of perimeter size there with those two teams. That would be a problem for Denver. Denver. I have more Issues Alright Than that. Go ahead. There's a lot of Westbrook, like he's involved And I know Gordon's been out and when Gordon's out there's more Westbrook. It's a lot. And he's, I think Ben that's been a winning signing pro. The Westbrook signing that was great. But he's in a lot if, if this is a movie he's in a lot of scenes like, oh Westbrook's in this scene too. Oh man, he's gonna be in the shootout scene. Like he's just in it. Do you Have an example?


Christian Brown is Christian Brown is like incredibly important now as you mentioned, they have no bench whatsoever and the thing that alarms me the most, Priscilla, they have some of the worst defensive possessions short of the suns. There was a Washington play with like two minutes left. Who was that, that rookie from the Swedish kid. He made the three in the corner because everybody forgot he was in the corner. Remember that with like a minute left Or are you talking about Bilal One of those, one of those kids. I forget who made it what Miami? The, the Miami rookie Kean George y It was Ke it was George I think is who you're talking about. Yeah, He he, they just forgot he was in the corner and Jordan Pool, they double teamed Yoko just double teamed pool for no reason and then nobody swung over and there's just a wide open guy in the corner at 10 and it was like a huge play.


They just have some really bad sequences and sometimes I think Yoka just so great he just makes up for a lot or Murray Hill at a three. But they seem really, I I, after the all-star break I was thinking, oh man they they could really do this and now I'm wavering. I don't like what I'm seeing. Yeah, I don't know where they are in FanDuel right now. I was looking at it this morning. But they're still with this Lakers dip and LeBron. LeBron, you know, missing time, which I don't know how fair it is to judge any of this Laker stuff to last week or so. Yeah, but LeBron not playing. I mean it's kind of pointless. Right. But Denver still kind of thought of as this fourth team. I think they were fourth in odds. Are they right now still Daniel second in second in the West for odds now plus 600 I if Golden State played Denver in a series with what you've seen right now, like put Gordon back into it and put in that Yoic has really owned Golden State over the last couple years.


Would you feel great about taking Denver in that? I think that series would be like a 50 50 And I mean is is Draymond defending Yoic I guess primarily or they're gonna I think Yeah, I think that would be a loony Loony Jackson Davis bringing that post To post Or you bring him out hoping he could search. I don't know. Yeah, You don have to make them. You might have post in there hoping to run Yoki around. I I like that you brought up the Westbrook thing because you know, everybody knows how I feel about like the long form of Westbrook but he is been really important for them and considering the value on it and all the minutes and all the shots available and all that stuff. I also think it's the most accepting Westbrook has ever been of his role. Yeah. But I see the playoff limitation stuff where I'll go if you're gonna run him out there.


Like I thought that Lakers not this game, the other one that we did the show after. Yeah, after that game. I thought the lack of spacing with the Westbrook Brown lineup and then Gordon's also somebody, even with his shooting numbers being really good this year, teams are gonna cheat off of him. And it's not that you want to, you want, You don't wanna be like doubling Yoic in a predictable way where then he's burning you with guys Cutting all the time. But I feel like I've noticed, and maybe it's 'cause I look for it and so maybe I'm wrong with it, but there's just moments where Westbrook gets a little jumpy with Yoic late where he's actually trying to defer to him in a way that I've never really ever seen him defer to another player that he can force the ball back to him if he misses a late three.


I don't think he'll want to take the next one. You know? And if there's a Laker series, I'm convinced Lakers are like, he's gonna want revenge on us so bad in this series that we're not even worried about. Oh, What are my favorite theories? The Laker any playoff series, he's just wide open. Like just know that going in, in the last five minutes of any playoff game, if he's out there, he is gonna be left open. I'm worried about Denver. I don't like that they can't get stops when they don't need it. And I don't like how involved Westbrook is And I don't like that they don't have a bench at all. Here's my next one for you. They're playing Murray in in Yoki 40 minutes a game in March too. Red flag is Tibs a coach that you could actually see winning four straight playoff rounds.


That's my next, I don't have an answer for this because yeah, I, yeah I do. Okay. They're not gonna, but I think he is one of the smartest basketball people I've ever seen, so Yeah. Is he one of the smartest defensive coaches you've ever seen or is he one of the smartest coaches you've seen? I know where you're going with this with the minutes and everything, but no, I'm not going the minutes, actually I'm going the, the offense because I, it's really been interesting And I had some Knicks fans in my life who predicted this when Brunson got hurt that they were like, if he can just come back in time for the playoffs healthy, this actually might be a good thing for us because we were too Brunson centric, we were too predictable. Bridges was being wasted in some of these games.


We weren't going to towns in some fourth quarters. It, we are actually gonna feel like more of a team and more of an offense because all these guys are chipping in Bridges has immediately been better. And I, I think the frustrating thing I've had watch them Nix this year is just they're not using all the parts of Bridges. You give up all those picks for him and you throw 'em in the fucking corner And I don't know, I, I think he's really good with the ball. I think he's good at like deciding, you know, if you set him a pick 25 feet from the basket, I think he makes good decisions. He can go to the basket, he can pull up. He's a good passer and they didn't use him at all and they just kind of ran Brunson into the ground. It's not why he got hurt, but I think the more you use somebody, the, the more that chances increased that they might get hurt.


I just feel like they in a weird way have more balance without Brunson, but they're obviously better with Brunson and maybe this was good for him. I don't know what Thibs was doing. The first 60 games is my point. I don't know what they were doing with Brunson with Bridges at all. I don't understand it. Bridges is an interesting case because we felt like he was just an unbelievable fourth option and we all still had hope for Aton, right. In Phoenix. Yeah. I mean his shot attempts per game seven, six and a half, nine, 10 and a half. Then he peaked at 13 and a half and then he gets traded right in the Durant deal and that run with Brooklyn with him, 22, 23. And I brought up my pod because I went to a game and watched him in person.


Right. And I was like, damn, like This sophisticated, sophisticated offense. And it was him getting wherever he wanted to initiating the possession where, you know, maybe he'd always had it, but you just, there's never ever gonna be a time where you needed that from him in Phoenix. Or maybe you did. I I know. So like, yeah, I'm with you. The 33 the other night against Portland seeing him remind me of the Nets version because the second year with the Nets, the shot attempts go way down. I think he was kind of miserable. It, it was pretty clear like he wasn't, he wasn't playing offense the way that he was playing it before. Yeah. And, and I've, I've pointed out the Cam Thomas part of it Nets fans don't like hearing that from me. I don't know, I thought it was kind of obvious, but Cam ended up being, you know, really good at the start of this year.


So maybe it was deserving of him. So I, here's my question. Do you think Tibs, like, do you think Tibs just messed up the Mikhale bridges thing this year? Because that's what it sounds like you're saying And I, I don't really have evidence to tell you it's different. I guess. I don't know that bru the thing I've noticed Bru just, lemme just say this though. That Brunson cat thing is like the best points per possession thing in the, it's one of the best things in the league. Yeah. It and their offense. No, I get it. Offense is awesome. You know, if there's anything that's been wrong with 'em this year, it's their defense. So my counter, well it's not a counter, we're not arguing, but I feel like when you have an offense like that and you have these five guys who are all good in different ways, heart does need the ball. The other guys kind of do, at least sometimes it's like you're at a concert and it's like, eh, you gotta play that Keith Richards song.


Yeah. It's, it's new. Let's just, let's just do it and then we'll do start me up after. We'll get the crowd back into it. But you gotta give Keith like this five minutes. You kind of have to do that. Like I, this is one of my criticisms with the Celtics. Sometimes they forget that Derrick White is really good, especially against certain matchups with the ball. Like run him a pick. Like he makes good decisions. It breaks you outta the monotony of just Tatum and Brown launching threes. I think coaches forget sometimes that you just, the the, when you sprinkle guys in and get them a little involved, you get more out of it later. Bridges was on autopilot in some of these Knicks games I was watching because he wasn't involved. And I think he's a really good player and that's why they gave up five first round picks for him.


And all of us were like, okay, I get it. Bridges is really good. Whatever they were getting outta him this year, I thought they were weeks and stretches that it just, at least from what I was watching, I wasn't that impressed. So we'll see. I like it. I like it by the way, you know why not? I don't know how many times he was initiating his own offense. Maybe this is a Kurt Goldsberry shot chart so we can see the difference between his peak net season two years ago and then where it is if it's all stuck in the corner with a few elbows in there. Yeah. But all I know is that when I saw it live two years ago, I thought this guy can kind of like, this is almost like Booker Durant type shit. Yeah. In this mid-range pull up and then in the Scoot Reckoning game, which unfortunately scoot lost in that overtime.


Nick's winner Bridges big game to us. Yeah. Bridges was doing a lot of the stuff that made me think like, oh okay. Like this is a whole nother level. So yeah, I'm open to it. I guess I would have to, I'd wanna see kind of the shock chart more of it. But you're probably right, right? I mean, Brunson's initiating every single thing they're doing. So I'm, I'm sure Plus like you can put Brunson on the side for some of these plays and he is a 45% three point shooter. Like you don't need to, I just think when you're in a playoff series, if you're running offense the way the Knicks run offense, I think over the course of two weeks it gets easier and easier to at least get used to it. And the more wrinkles they have, I think there are really interesting offensive team And I know some of the stats are already pretty good for them.


My last one, how hurt do you actually think LeBron is? I dunno. I mean it's a, it's, it was a weird part of the schedule. It was gonna be really tough the Time the injury happened at the end of the Celtic game and they had already lost. I just thought the stuff in the state championship game, like him jumping around on the sidelines, I by the way, smart for him to rest up and get his shit together for the playoff run. But you know, we were talking about this in these, or at least the media was in these grave terms. LeBron, this might be the rest of the year. I think he's fine And I think the Lakers have to be taken seriously and I'm not gonna waver from that point.


Like they showed him shooting today. I think he's fine. Would be my takeaway. Yeah. One the video started going around him at the high school game and people were checking like the depth of the thigh separation. Love, love that looks like. Yeah. Like that's a sturdy stance. Yeah. And his growing probably, but then if he goes to the workout this morning then it all kind of makes sense. It's like, well yeah, I felt good last night to celebrate And I didn't realize until the state championship I felt, I think he's fine. I'm not worried about it. Okay. One thing I was thinking about with the calves and then we'll take a break. I can't believe Orlando won.


You wanna talk about like a game where I'm like, when's this gonna be over? I've Watched the entire game. I'm sure you watched a bunch of it too. I thought it was a bad loss for Cleveland 'cause I was excited for their streak And I was, And I really wanted them to win. 'cause I was like, I I love streaks. Once we get over 16, I man you've always been A huge streak guy. Yeah, I didn't, I didn't bet on them. I was just, I just love streaks and there was some stuff in there that, that I just am filing away in the back of my head. 'cause I think they're really good. I'd still think they're the favorite in the east, but there's a hunter shot at the end of the game in the, in the corner. Right. Not a lot of huge, I'm, I'm gonna say Deandre Hunter hasn't been a lot of huge games. The game started to feel a little big.


Right. The streaks on the line, they go to him, he is wide open the corner and hits the side of the backboard. And I was like, oh okay. Hmm. Are you saying Hunter lacks seasoning? Just saying it's, it's, it's, you could go into these playoffs, it'd be 68 and 14, but they have a bunch of guys who have never really been in these massive games like Mitchell has. But really that Mitchell, that Mitchell dunk today, Stru has been in a couple big games, but there's some guys that haven't. And sometimes when the, when the, the series or the game isn't working out the way you think it is and all of a sudden you're in the corner and you're like, oh shit, I gotta make this. You haven't been in that spot. I don't know, I just foul it away. Do you, do you foul anything away from that game?


Well then I was just expecting Orlando to lose 'cause they have become unwatchable on offense. Yes. And I think it's turned into bad habit Paolo, where I give 'em a pass. But I think he knows how screwed they're most nights. So he goes six to 22 tonight. I thought his decisions based on some of the switching matchups that he had, I was like, why, why are you gonna that? But ultimately Anthony Black hits two corner threes late and you get a ballgame Orlando. So you know, this team is 32 and 37. The offense when they're bad, I, I know we've covered it before, but I mean they don't, they shot 42% from three today. Cleveland shot 25 and it still came down to the last few seconds of the game.


So. Right. So You're just like, hey, we didn't shoot, we didn't hit threes, that's why we lost, let's move on. I think it's amazing to think of like these two teams going to a game seven first round series last year and then just the rocket ship distance that Cleveland has gone from them. We can get to the injury stuff with the record and the time polls missed and the time Franz has missed. And that suggs, you know, looking at the on off stuff and how important he's been. But they, they still shouldn't, since they've had everybody back during the stretch, they still shouldn't be this bad offensively. So this is a team I'm frustrated with that's different like Phoenix, I resent the time I've spent with them. You want it back? We're Orlando Refund.


Yeah, I still enjoy Paolo and Franz when it's right so much. But yeah, I'm, I'm not telling any, any magic fan that's watched this. I mean you've, you've watched your team go for stretches or you're worried if they're ever gonna score again in the game. That's how bad it can get. It's definitely one of the higher percentages of two seconds left on the shot clock, fall away, 20 footer with the hand in your face. They've gotta be in the top three. Right. It was tough. Yeah, it was tough having this game up with Michigan and Wisconsin too, right? That game just, you were like, when is there going to be a good shot? They interviewed the guard from Michigan and he's out there just strutting. It was like, I think he was two for seven the game.


Hey, can I, can I ask though a quick clarification. Did you take something from this Cleveland loss that, that infected your playoff brain? Well I did a lot of Cleveland work this morning thinking that they were gonna win this game and we would lead with the streak. Here's the, the one thing I can't figure Out, Mobley didn't play, which we should have already mentioned. I get it Guys. Teams miss stuff all the time. The question for me is what's your thing if you're gonna win the title, right? If I, I went back, I went through the last 10 years, like last year the Celtics, what was their thing?


Ultimately if you just strip it down, you could describe it in five words. It was like Tatum and Brown are really good together. They're durable, they play well. Usually one of them is having a good game game. It's a really special combo. And if we had to, and there's a bunch of other reasons but let's start there. That's why they won the title 23 Yoka, Jim Murray. Really special combo. Just that they hit a level, they were the bad and that's why they won 22 Curry. Our guy 21 Giannis 20, LeBron and Ad 19 Korean pool. Yeah. And pool 19 Kauai just went to a great level and they had a really fun team and he was the center force of it. Did this take a lot of time to research this? I hope Did not, did not take a lot of time at all. Curry, Katie and Quay for two years.


LeBron and Kyrie Curry and Quay. That's the last 10 years. The question for me as I think about could Cleveland win the title, how would we talk about it after and be like, what was their thing? And I think it would have to be the guards. I think we would have to say like you could mention all the other thing, but you say man their guards were fucking awesome. That's why they won the title. I don't really know what else it would be other than like them shooting 50% from three for the last two rounds. Something like that. So I'm just trying to compare them. The last team that you really left the season going, man, I can't believe they got to that level was the 14 Spurs. Right. And they had you going back. They had really good players but they just like, they meshed and they were awesome and it made Sense then they were so mad about the year before too.


And they, yeah and they were driven. They had the hunger. So with Cleveland I think it would be the guards unless what do you think it would be something different if we're talking about them in July? Oh yeah, Cleveland of course they won, they had this, this, this. Like what would be the first thing? Well if I have to come up with something else, you know, I don't think Mobley is gonna be somebody that you're running late possessions for and having everybody like space off of him. Yeah. Even though his pa his his passing is really good. But it might just be an adaptability. Which is the same thing with OKC. Like you're pretty sure you know what boss is gonna run out there. Yeah. Based on every matchup. They're probably gonna run the same thing with OKC in Cleveland. I think the fun part is knowing that they can mix and match it a little bit.


Yeah. And that Kenny, when he closed with that Cleveland lineup, he went Hunter Mobley and the two guards, Which Was, you know, so I liked it. I I love it. I I know it's, it's kind of funny, like I'll never forget when Golden State beat Dirk in that Dallas team in the first round. Right. Who we believe. Yeah. And everybody on TV was killing the Mavs for adjusting. It's like you're the one seed, you're supposed to make them adjust to you. And I, I always thought it was like the dumbest thing. Yeah. I thought it was like so stubborn. So what are you supposed to do? Like just Never just get annihilated every quarter. Yeah, yeah. We're the one seed. We're not subbing bad matchups out. We built this record through six months of hard work and stubbornness.


So you know, I know what you're saying. Could you see this all time? Could they compliment each other enough through four rounds? I just love that team And I, I don't like the default. Well the Celtics have been through the wars and Cleveland hasn't, so that's why Cleveland can't beat them. I don't, I don't see it that way. I, we'll see how I feel when they're playing each other. You know, I certainly could change my mind on this, but I just feel like league-wide it's the most open-mindedness I've had about those three teams. Teams. Yeah. I, I would sha I would still shade it toward Cleveland in that matchup. 'cause the hunger piece don't So You have Austin third out of the, the team hierarchy. Yeah. Yeah. My life depended on it. I would pick Cleveland but I don't feel great about it.


But I think they're a safer bet. Like I was going through some of the stats with them and you know, first of all they're 56 and 11, which is nuts. Like they still have a chance to get to six nine, but they're first in offense. They're shooting 39% from three. They have nobody over 31.3 minutes a game. Which is incredible. They've been really fanatical about keeping everybody fresh for the playoffs, which I think is really gonna help them. Hunter's at 51% from three for them. But Kenny into today stru was 42 and Jerome was 44. So their roll guys are showing up. They have nine guys man, that I really like. Yeah. So that, that I understand what all nine guys are supposed to do.


And then two 15 game winning streaks in the same season, fifth time it ever happened. It's not a, it doesn't mean you're gonna win the title but the 71 bucks and the 2000 acres did it. 97 Jazz did it. They made the finals. Oh seven sons did it. That was the Robert Hori year. They were the second best team in the league that year. And then you look at some of the historical stuff with like teams that won 68 games, four titles, two failures, 67 wins, nine titles, four failures, 66 wins, 12 titles, five failures. The odds are like if they win 66, 67, 68 games, the odds are they're gonna make the finals. We talked about this last year with the Celtics.


Like you can pick them apart, say they shoot too many threes. The math is saying they're going to make the finals and they're gonna beat Dallas and you can either trust the math or not. With Cleveland, there's a lot of math in their favor. If they can finish the season strong but they have a tough schedule, they still have like eight road games left. So they might drop, they might end up in the mid sixties. I, I personally think SSC like OKC to me makes much more sense of us talking about them in July and be like holy shit SGA, nobody could guard 'em all year. That team could go big, they could go small, they were deep, they were incredible defensively. The coach is great. They had home court the whole time. It makes sense to me why they won the title Cleveland.


I'm having a tougher time envisioning it. Yeah because There's no Boston in the west, which is why the FanDuel odds. I think it's still plus 180 5 plus 180 5 Boston OKC. And then since we talked about Cleveland the first time a couple weeks ago, it's gone from plus 700 to plus 500. That's simply because there's just another team and as we keep talking about this west, like good luck figuring out how those standard are gonna go. And I think it was great to bring up some of the Denver thing 'cause I would imagine like people are gonna start getting on that a little bit more where this just default of yoic. He'll figure it out and it's like man, but you know, again, I don't know that it's ever fair to really judge him unless you get like a nice runway of Aaron Gordon games. 'cause I think he's just incredibly important. He might be, well I can't say he's the second most important guy 'cause it's Jamal, but he's definitely the third most important player on a team here that still have expectations for, but don't, couldn't you look at the history too on some of the point differential stuff and the defensive differential stuff like yeah OKC and actually Cleveland have these similar, similar profiles where, 'cause I did the Cleveland thing a couple weeks ago when I did that disastrous 15 teams in 45 minutes with the east.


It was supposed to be 15. But I just kept trying to find something on offense that Cleveland was bad at statistically. Like, hey Catch and shoot this pick and roll ball, handle this pick and roll roll man. This those things, this spot all these, every single number, like the only one I found was like 15th in the NBA. Out of all the different things you could sort and try to figure out what it was. 'cause everything else was like first or second. They're just that good. But it's also happening on the point differential thing. When you look at that and it comes up speaking to the Boston number that you're talking about last year, it's like, hey these teams, when they have this, they all win a title and we have two kind of at the same time. Right, Right. And then you have a Celtics team that I think has been really careful about the regular season.


'cause the last season, you know the, and one of the things I think that's been so great, I, I love the Tatum season, like just a plus. I have positive reviews, five stars. I'm gonna, I'll do the t like whatever this Would be a wine bottle season potentially. Might be, could be, yeah. Could be breaking out the cabernet for him. The the Tatum to 25 Tatum Cabernet they've done five times this year where they're just like, Jason, we're just gonna play a bunch of those. Those J like Bailey Shireman is gonna play today. Are you, is that cool? You think you give us like 35 minutes? Just the two of your teammates at all times are gonna be guys who are usually in the G League.


But we're gonna try to be Brooklyn anyway. Are you cool? We'll just run, just don't get hurt but also play really hard and he just, he does everything. I think his defense has been great like and Giannis has really come on too And I think that's a good argument. Giannis or Tatum for the number three for MVP. But it, the top four that we have this year I think has been pretty awesome. And then Mitchell I think is a good fit choice too. Yeah. They had to play what Pingus 32 minutes last night is the held off that late Brooklyn rally. Right. And I wanna watch that game because I was really into the schedule last night just 'cause the, you know, not just 'cause the Sunday pod, there was just a lot of different stuff. I wanna see what looked like Yeah. Coming back and then they end up having to leave them out there for a good chunk of it.


But yeah, I mean I I can totally see a version of this too as much as I love Cleveland And I think it's kind of surprising that both of us kind of leaning towards, we feel like we pick 'em right now against Boston. That the, the funny like And I, I still don't know what I'm actually gonna think when they're, when they're facing each other Right. How they're gonna look to the first couple rounds of playoffs. Like I co can totally see myself change my mind on it. I Just Don dunno how you watch Cleveland these last couple months and be like, no, I'll pick somebody else and Right. But I, I think I know what'll happen. It'll be, hey the guards still got stuck between, you know, whatever version of Drew you're gonna see you hope that's a bit ramped up in the playoffs or it would be by then he'd just be better.


'cause I think it's kind of hit or miss right now. Yeah. But it's, hey look, those four perimeter guys out there with a spacing big that took away whatever big they wanted to keep out there. Or the times where Tatum gets on Alan and he's actually beating Alan off the dribble. It's like, hey, you know, cool Deandre Hunter trade. But they still got caught up in way too many mismatches on the perimeter. Right. And those guys were just too small. It was, it was, there were too many times where it was Garland and Mitchell having to go up against these other dudes with the ball in their hands. Which is why I would've never ever picked him. And I think that maybe I'm overrating the hunter part of it, but that would be what it's, you're Not, you're properly rating it. So there's another piece that I can't shake as the hunger piece of it.


The Celtics having already won in Cleveland, never winning. There was John Krasinski who, who writes for the Athletic, He was the office covers Timberwolves different one, but he, he led a thing he wrote about Minnesota and Denver this week. John's awesome by the way, so I shouldn't have made that. Yeah, he's he's one of my favorites. No, no. We both like him. This was his first two paragraphs. He said long after the Timber Bowls had vanquished the defending champion Denver Nuggets in their home four in game seven, the Western conference semifinals last season, a nuggets official emerged from the locker room and started walking down the hallway of the parking lot. They remind me a lot of us last year, he said shaking his head, they just wanted it so damn bad we couldn't match it. I think that's like the number one thing to think about when we go in the playoffs.


I think OKC and Cleveland are gonna, are gonna be maniacs 'cause they've never won. You know, and the, and if you're the Celtics you won last year, there's this extra gear you have to have when you're going back to back. You have to be able to match whatever that other team is bringing. That's like all I want. Like it's like the Eagle's chief Super Bowl, same thing. The Eagles just wanted it more than the Chiefs now. They were better. There were all these other reasons, but ultimately that was a way bigger game for them. 'cause the chiefs had already won. And I just keep thinking about that with these playoffs. I was thinking about it Wednesday night watching OKC play the Celtics and the Celtics kept trying to match the intensity of the game and, and O KC just was like hungrier. I think SGA is like a fuck.


He's fucking on a mission. Have you seen that guy play a bad game? Does that guy ever suck anymore? It's like he, he's unbelievable. I know that, you know, you go back to the Nick series stuff or, or some times where, you know, I think it's, it's being a little too critical. You're trying to have me come up with an answer. I can, I can point to a series a couple years ago, but I mean this dude's played, he's played in 54 playoff games. He's never played in more than 11. And that was actually that first year when they beat, I think that first year they beat the, the Oklahoma City Thunder in the first round. They lost the rockets the second round. Who, Who are you talking about Mitchell?


He's played 54 playoff games. The guy averages 28 a game in the playoffs. I mean he averaged 36 a game the third year. He is with Utah in the playoffs. When they had that awesome Phoenix series, We don't think he could be the best guy on a title team Denver. I always say Phoenix. Yeah, it was the Denver series. Yeah, I, you know, I think I don't have anything negative to say. I don't have anything negative to say about any of those teams. I don't know how, I have no idea of sitting here not being around either teams day to day of understanding the pride of the champ versus the hunger of the challenger. I, I don't know how anybody could come up with it. I think it's really hard to win back to back. That's my biggest favorite. The seltz When, that's why I picked OKC in the summer.


Yeah. Let's take one more break.


This episode is brought to you by State Farm. State Farm helps you score an affordable price when you choose to bundle home and auto insurance with the personal price plan. Bundling home and auto. That's a pro move. Just another way you can save on your insurance needs. Talk to a State Farm agent today to learn how you can bundle and save with the personal price plan. Like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Prices are based on rating plans that vary by state coverage. Options are selected by the customer availability. Amount of discounts and savings and eligibility vary by state.


This episode is brought to you by hookah. I've gotta talk to you guys about the Bondi nine. The new daily trainer from a hookah. The Bondi nine delivers peak plushness for everyday miles overhauled from top to bottom. They've increased the stack height and added a new premium foam midsole to deliver that soft resilient ride that's become synonymous with the Bondi. And look, I walk a lot, I walk all around LA You need good shoes for that. These are perfect everybody. Bondi. Visit hookah.com HL k.com to learn more about the Bondi nine.


I mentioned that I wanna do this and then I remembered about 40 minutes after I said we're gonna do it. Best third guy in the week. Should this be an award? It'd make more sense than the Clutch Guy award. So I'll just give you by record in descending order. Best third guys. Darius Garland, Chet Holmgren, Derek White, van Wheat, Desmond Bain, Austin Reeves, Aaron Gordon, Draymond Picnik, Brooke Lopez, NAS Reed, ACH, miles Turner. Who is the best third guy in the league? 'cause I think you could make a real case. That's Holmgren. I can't believe how good Holmgren is Soon if's healthy.


I can't believe how good he is. Yeah, I think, I think I'd have to See I'm with you but I think you'd have to see just maybe two straight months of it. Fair. Fair. Ron Holland is not on this. Let me add him. Ron just put him on there. Great. Did he, did he get in a fight in the last four days? Did he have to be separated from anybody? No, but that whole Pistons thing last night, it kind of started with him. Yeah. Which I know no one's gonna believe me on. Do you wanna do two minutes on the Pistons and Vicar staff please? Nothing Would make me happier. I was so excited to watch that game last night. OKC in Detroit and you know, Cade was, was struggling a bit and okc Hey Cade.


Cade had a rough game until he got kicked out. Right. Wasn't great for him. And so there was a play where do was going to set a screen and Holland embellished it and Holland got the call. He got the foul on dot. Yeah. So now you're like, DOT's gonna be looking for it. Yeah. So not that far after. There was also a play earlier where it looked like Jamie Williams and Isaiah Stewart went to kill each other in the paint with just elbow box out. Shit. Saw that. So that, so like whenever I see an Isaiah Stewart altercation, I rewind four possessions to try to find what's happened to, He's like lamb beer. Yeah, it's like the seeds to the altercation. Yeah. Anybody that's ever watched hoops, like you just know like, okay wait a minute.


Like if I'm late on a game, like something else already happened. Yeah. Let me go back and check this. Although Plumley and Adams had a good one the other night when, the funny thing is is Adams is in the middle of an assault with a seven footer and he's smiling the whole time. So I can't tell what's scarier that Plumley like wanted to go and his forehead was bleeding or that Adams was completely unfazed and his laughing about it two seconds later that might be more horrifying. I don't think he gets enough credit in these scariest guys of the century ranking Stephen Adams. 'cause what did he have like 17 brothers and sisters? He was clearly in 7 million fights. He's from New Zealand. I don't feel like there's any NBA altercation on a basketball court that he would even like break a drop of sweat to be involved in.


Like he had our mele smiling as people were climbing over the roads. But remember how mad I got Adam during that OKC Houston playoffs series and that had a lot to do with Chris Paul going up against Harden. Oh yeah. Was supposedly, And I was so upset that PJ Tucker's playing center. Yeah. And I'm like, how can Stephen Adams not? And I was like, I'm questioning his toughness. And it was like the lead on the six o'clock news in Auckland. So I, I remember that the New Zealand people, because they're mostly with us, but they, it'll be a news story right now in New Zealand that we're even talking about him. They love all Stephen Adams conversations. Right. I was like, how can he be the scariest guy? And then when he gets an offensive rebound, he can't just turn around from two feet out with a six foot seven center behind him. So is there part of that gonna, the equation?


Probably not on the like he might be so good at altercations the physical part of it that it bores him and that's why he was laughing. Although again, it's still another seven footer and an athletic guy Plumley. But anyway, back to the, so Stewart and Jalen Williams two have a thing. Holland sells the call. Dort then gets him right back where he embellishes it, then he gets the call. Then you have the dot groin thing where he actually stepped on S G's ankle. So at this point bicker staff is really mad about the Holland thing. Yeah. Whereas any coach or any competitor, he's completely ignoring that his guy got one just a couple possessions ago. All right. Yeah. Then they review it because Stewart actually threw Jalen Williams two out the way on a box out.


But then they didn't care about it. It that it wasn't a hostile act. And then obviously the dot part wasn't a hostile act and Bickerstaff was upset about the Holland part of that call. He was also upset 'cause he said all this in the pressor. He was you. I could watch it. I could see like him just, he was getting to a point. But you know what, he was really, he was also getting to a point where he was only seeing the shit that was happening to his team. Which is the most human nature thing ever. Yeah. I don't know why Chad, or excuse me, I don't know why Chad got thrown out. I, I was watch Cade, Chad is not Or Chad. Or Chad. Yeah. I don't know why any of those three guys got thrown out. I just, I don't know why Cade got thrown out. I watched it. It seemed like he got his technical and then kind of wouldn't let it go.


But I don't know what he was like. Clearly it was enough that the rest were over it. And at that point, I think another thing I've spent too long on this SGA is so incredibly frustrating and yes, there's that layer of bullshit with him that's not as bad as the other guys all bullshit, all NBA for, he's not, he may be a second team, but it just gets so frustrating that it's this boiling point and then bicker staff was just like, basically, I'm gonna stick up for my guys here tonight. But I thought he was also ignoring some of the stuff that was going their way too. No, I, no, I, I have a couple thoughts. I don't think, I think when you're throwing out somebody out of a game, you have to factor in with the reputation is day-to-day, week to week as a player.


And Cade's not a guy who gets technicals gets thrown outta games. Like that part Yeah, you're right. You just can't, you can't throw 'em out. Just like, I don't think they would throw LeBron out in that situation. Like there's just certain guys you gotta, whereas like if it was Draymond, I get it. Yeah. But Draymond actually doesn't get thrown out. Like if Draymond was doing what Cade was doing last night, I don't know why the hell I called him Chad, it's gonna bug me for the rest of the night. Draymond doesn't get thrown out like he's a hurry. He's allowed to do whatever he wants. Just like Cade. I thought that was an awesome game. You're in Detroit, you've got a great crowd. It was a good battle. Like I just, I'm not throwing guys outta that game if I don't have to. It was a bad job by the refs. I thought bicker staff should have been mad.


But I think you're right. I think you hit on something with the SGA thing. He is like trying to wrestle a fucking shark in a boat. Like it's like d he did a couple moves last night. There was there, well first of all it seemed like he might've shoved off but the guy went like 10 feet backwards. But he had another move where he dusted somebody in that yo-yo move. He does. And then just went right in the lane and there was a center waiting for him and he went into the guy held it, whipped it, left-handed it went in. He's doing shit night to night. Now that's at the highest possible offensive level that I've seen from a guard. And it's night after night after night. Now He had two moves last night where I was surprised that he did 'em because I had, he had this spin dribble back into the paint where he was still totally in control and that was always the first thing with him just watching.


It wasn't that he was Westbrook like bounce. It wasn't that it was the D rose change of direction with him. It's just that he's this figure skater out in the courty Jerky Shit just attached to Supposed to speed stop. Yeah, stop come backwards. He had Two moves that I don't remember seeing him have before. And so you, he factor in all the do Think he, go ahead. Is he the number one guy that when they talk about breaking ankles, if somebody actually broke their ankles defending somebody, he would be like a minus 800 favorite on Fando to be the ankle breaker guy. Guys, guys fly backwards, guys try to stop. I he just like completely embarrasses and he's embarrassing. Good defenders. Like pick a guard in the league. Like he's, he does that yo-yo thing and it just works.


I think he's peak of his powers right now. I know bicker staff also pointed to, you know how Maddy was that they didn't review and it was like a respect thing. Like hey, they're disrespecting us And I, I get where he is coming from. But I mean Detroit also fouls, I think the fifth highest rate of any team in the league this year. And there were possessions at the end and they're super physical. Yeah. With Thompson getting in the mix. Yeah. And, and Shroder getting in the mix where I, I couldn't believe they actually weren't calling fouls. Like I'll watch some guys with SGA 30 feet away from the hoop and you know, Thompson comes in and you're like, why are you sticking your arms inside of his like arm? He's just gonna, yeah. He's just gonna get you. I mean shit, if he was doing that to Dame Dame would've just pulled up and then got pissed at the ref being like, you didn't think I was really trying to shoot from 38 feet.


I think you would've, I think your, if you were a head coach, I think you would've been a great every once in a while press conference, killing the ref sticking up for your guys guy. It wouldn't have happen often, maybe twice a year. But I think like I could have totally seen you doing the press conference last night. Like JB did bang the table at the end storm out. I feel like you could have done it. I would've been more like the quiet sarcastic. I can't believe you threw me out for that. Just 'cause I made 14 barbs in a row under my breath. You would've done like Astan Van Gundy routine. I'd be like, what did, I'm getting thrown out for that just 'cause I called you a dumb motherfucker under my breath 10 times as you ran by and then you finally got mad and threw me out. What, what did I do?


That would've been my move When we had Ty Jerome on And I was talking about him getting calls, right? Yeah. And we started talking about like the working of the officials and everything and he just basically said what you would expect of anybody when they're out there is they kind of lose their minds. It's like being a high school kid in the woods and the cops show up and they're like, what are you doing? And you go, nothing. You know, like as if the cops like, oh, okay, we'll leave then. You know, and your first thing when you watch these guys spazz out about the calls and you know, look, I don't really love it, but I also kind of just have to accept what it is. And, and Ty was just going, dude, I can't help myself sometimes he's like, I can't help myself. Like he is like, I'll bitch and I'll complain. He goes and then I'll see it and I'll feel bad.


But like in that moment I don't even realize what I'm doing. Yeah. And I, I just don't know, like if I were a coach, it was kind of funny too 'cause we had Will Hardy on And I was like, did you have a moment where you were like, Hey, I'm my head coach. Like I get to, I should argue one of these calls soon because some of these guys can't stop. They can't, there's, there's nothing that's not their possession. There's never a moment. Like they cannot, like whatever it is that competitive moment when you're in there. So I would, I would think it'd be such a waste of energy to just keep working the officials the entire time. But I don't think they can do it. Like, I'll, I'll give you one other example. The second time Yukon played St. John's this year, Danny Hurley, who's, you know, just a maniac the entire game.


Yeah. There was some kind of tie up And I think it was a possession, but it was possession Yukon and they were going to inbound it from the side and he argued that they were inbounding it from the wrong spot, but that would've meant his team was inbounding on their own end at the baseline, which is a way harder inbound. Like you would never prefer to be inbounding it from the baseline corner. Yeah. It's just a harder place to inbound it. And yet Danny was hurt. He couldn't pass up the argument. He He was right. Yeah. So I don't have, I don't know if I have this right, but like, I wanna ask him, were you so incensed in that moment that they were wrong? That you actually argued something that was like a negative for you guys on the inbounds? And that's what I think we watch, we watch these guys and they only see when it's happening to them.


They think they're getting screwed for two and a half hours. And I like to try to accept the human nature part of it. It, but sometimes you're just like, dude, you're, you're not paying any attention to the stuff that's actually going your way. But against SGA, no one ever gets done with one of those games because he is pushing off, he is grabbing with the arms. Again, I don't think it's as bad as like the first round draft picks of guys that bullshit their way through a game who, you know, like there's certain players, if everybody played that way, the ratings would be zero. But I, I don't know that anybody, I don't think a coach can actually watch a game and go, you know, we've gotten a few calls here tonight. I don't think they can do it. I was trying to think of, as you were talking, I was trying to think of like that coach referee relationship or player referee relationship.


And it's the thing I think as both you And I got to know people in the league better and just, you get under the hood a little bit and it's so fascinating. Which guys hate other guys and just certain coaches have certain refs that they just detest and the ref knows they're detested and then it's like, oh, Tuesday night we got this guy fucking fucking hate this guy. You know, and this is a huge part of the league. Or you know, it came out a little bit with the Chris Paul Scott Foster stuff, but every player has one or two people that they just seem like this fucking guy. And I wonder like OKC part of their magic. SGA doesn't talk any shit at all. Right? He just does his job, keeps his head down.


Dau I think argues with the refs probably the least of any coach. I don't know if I'd say the, almost when he gets hot though, he can get really hot. But It's v it's, it's a only a handful of times. Missoula will get after it every once in a while. And especially if you've sat close to the Celtic game, he's doing a lot of stealth. Like he's, he's riding refs left and right. You can't, some of the better coaches are really good at not having it seem like on tv, like they're riding the guys. 'cause that's what that refs eat. They don't wanna be, they don't wanna be embarrassed. They don't wanna look like they're taking shit. So sometimes you'll see like Kerr's really good at it, he will walk over to a ref and it'll seem like he is talking to the guy in a really conciliary rate.


But he learned this from Popovich. He'll come over and be like, Hey, you realize you fucking suck. Right? Like that was the worst fucking call ever. Smile on your face. And and it does. It seems like they're just talking but he's like laying into the guy. But he also can become unhinged. Like Ker will have an unhinged moment where you're Like, he, because he's a former player, the the former players Reddick does this now too. Redick will just lose it every once in a while. Reddick And with him you're like, are you going to cross? Because he gets so incredibly intense, which I love it surprising because you know, Reddick was the kind of guy in first take when it, when it started going in a direction he didn't want, he wasn't, was too bad. He wasn't gonna be like, Hey let's just all have fun. We're on tv. He's like, you're a fucking moron then you shouldn't be on tv.


And you're like, fuck this Shit, let's go to commercial. Fuck you. No, that's a good question. 'cause like Doc, I remember you can ask him about this next time you have him on Well billed, well Bill Kennedy was the guy that he, he right. Him and Bill Kennedy. Like they lit, literally hated each other. Okay. But the thing was with Doc and he would admit it, like I asked him once, I was like, do you, do you ever think about like how much you worked the rest? He's like, I complain too much. He's like, I complained way too much. He know. Yeah. And it, and it's from the initial tip, it's just on and when those Clippers teams had Chris, Paul, Blake, Deandre, Jordan and then Austin Rivers was like, fuck it, I'm in the mix. Those guys just hammered refs the entire time.


And that, that's where I think, but if You're a ref, you you're ing the Clippers and you're like, fuck Clippers tonight. I hate these guys. That's Where I'm like, I understand the working the refs like you can't just be quiet the whole time. But I think there's this element of like, you've expended so much energy into this and now every one of your players is thinking about the refs. 'cause our guy, our head coach, all he's doing is thinking about the refs. Yeah. And there's, there's a point of absolute diminishing returns where it just may come back to like the guy cannot help himself. There's too many guys that can't help themselves. I would think the best way to go about it is to like lay out to be really pick your spots. Like Steven Stevens Used to do that. Yeah. Stevens was always the most mellow and just had the, that kind of calm demeanor.


Well you know, another thing they, so Tatum, I think Tatum's one of the like I like Tatum is just a great guy. He's a good Tatu role model. T's a rating right now has never been, it's crazy. He's just a good guy. But Tatum does like three, four terrible stupid things with refs that he can't stop doing. He does the wave. You do that. You don't get the call on your walking. Yeah, the wave is a can do the fuck wave. That's a technical, you're just getting Technical, don't getting your money. Money's worth. Yeah. Yeah. It's not even like, you might as well go toward them and like shake your fist or something. But he does this passive aggressive stuff, which I think they hate even more. Like, fuck you dad, I'm teeing you up for that. Fuck you. How dare you wave at me.


But the best one I ever saw going to games over the years was dealing with the refs was Jordan. But I think there was so much star power with Jordan that I almost feel like this helps the goat case, if you're talking goats, the way the refs were just in his pocket, and I'm not talking about him getting calls, I'm talking about like during the dead spots when people are shooting free throws before the game, these guys treated him like, you know, it was like Beyonce walking on stage and they were like in the beehive. You know, they, they just, it was especially the last three years after he came back, he just had a command of the fans, the rafts, the room. He got every call he wanted.


If he was upset at a call, he could say whatever he wanted. If he was yelling at a ref, the ref was like kind of bummed out. It's like, oh, Michael Jordan doesn't like, doesn't like how I'm reffing today. Like you could actually see them. Like they would just kinda lose it. He was the best. Kobe had a little of that in the, the second part of the Kobe too. That was another one who had It. Richard Jefferson had that story that he had on the broadcast. And by the way, shout out to Richard. I, I think he's been really fun on the ESPN call. But he had this story where Kobe was going up and then everybody was complaining and they were like, he was passing, he wasn't shooting. It should be side out. It shouldn't be free throws. And Kobe was like, I haven't passed all night.


Right. And It was like it was over. That's it. That's done. Yeah, he's a good one. Second best third Banana. That was a good tangent for us. Che Holmgren one, would you have Derek White too? Garland Bain Reeves. Who's your third banana? First ball. Third Banana. How Crazy. You wanna just, you know what the other part of this is? This, these are the names that we have when you talk about the the, the league and the lack of the big three stuff that we were always so used to there for a while. Right? Bridges is in there. Draymond Na has been playing great. I don't know, he's pretty deep these days. George still in the mix. Yeah Paul The league is deep but I'm just saying like I, I think for this to be the group is Mobley.


So Moby's two to Mitchell, so that means Garland's three then I think it's Garland Garland's three. So Garland number two. So you go homegrown one Garland two or Garland went home. I'd say Garland. I'd say Garland ahead of Chet just because he's done it all season long. Garland won Holmgren two, Derek White Three. Would you rather have Mikhail Bridges or Derek White? I'd rather have Derek White Suggs doesn't count. Nope. He's out for the year. Bain Brady. Brady Dick Reeves is in the mix. Like when you're definitely in the four to six range. That's the whole whole point. Had him right there too.


Adam seven and then Nas, the way Nas is playing was the other one. Dude, I don't know, I might put Jayden over him now. Hmm. I'm loving what I'm seeing from Jayden lately. But All NBA watch, I think Yoic, Tatum, Giannis, SGA Mitchell at the top is is in Penn at this point. Second team. So there's four guards for second team and third team Edwards, Curry Brunson, Cade Brunson looks like he's gonna be out for at least a couple more weeks. He's at 61 games right now. Yeah, the news today was one to two more weeks to see where we're at.


So that doesn't sound Good. I I think there's a real Curry case if they can move into, if they could become a top four seed, I think there's a Curry case. I would've had Brunson and Ed and Edwards or Brunson and Cade if it was just two cards. But I think Curry's now in the mix. I don't know how it plays out that willing to commit and then I think she goon with the fact that Houston hasn't gone away. If you look at his stats, if you look at the on off stuff with him, if you watch the games and see how important he is in the fourth quarters for them, I think there's a Sheung goon case now if you wanna pick a center for third team, if you wanna put Jaren Jackson n Town second team together and save a a spot for Shang Goon, I just think he's in the mix now.


So is Dame the way Dame's playing hard and obviously I think Jalen Brown just 'cause of the Celtics Garland, I don't know. Third team is, third team is still in the, in the in progress I'll say. Yeah, not that much has changed me from from last week to this week. But I mean are you gonna end up going Shung goon if Houston's a two seed but it's only separated by like a couple games. That's where I think you guys lose your mind on the seating stuff. Because like at, at any point have you thought Ch Goons one of the 15 best players in the NBA this year? I guess your answer is no 'cause it's no for me and he's been nice and they're putting together a winning streak and all that kind of stuff. He had probably one of the best passes, maybe the single best pass of the season.


But again, that's not enough to make all NBA but I think sometimes you guys, when you really, really start emphasizing You guys Yeah I am, I'm you ing you. 'cause I hear it all the time with the SGA Yoic stuff, which I would imagine Thunder fans weren't arguing for hardened to win MVP when they were a three seed. And OKC was a six seed when Westbrook won it in 17. So the Thunder fans that are arguing strictly the standings being the tiebreaker between SGA and Yoic. Like I I, I don't know man, I I think a lot of times you're gonna put Shang goon on an all NBA even if they're two games ahead of the fifth seat. First of all, I don't appreciate being you guys. I did, I don't do it to you often.


Second of all, as you know, I'm a traditionalist And I wanna center on my third team and there's, if Jaren, Jackson and Towns makes second team, I have a center spot for the third team. So at that point, I don't know who the other options are for Center. I mean it's Weby spot and Weby went out. It's not my fault, it's not you guys' fault, fault. That is, that's not your fault. You're right. That part I I'll concede The bit, the, the thing for me is I don't, I think ultimately when we finally get to the game 82, I might have trouble putting town's second team on NBA with some of the defense stuff. I've watched. I've been watching it more carefully.


I might not be able to get there with him as a second team on NBA guy. There's some just, I mean, Yoko Chasm too. Yoko Yoic has too, YOIC has some bad defensive possessions too. There's some just godawful towns defensive possessions. So I I'm factoring that in as well. He's either second or third team. He's gonna make one of my three teams. Yeah, but are you gonna have Shung goon? If you're a traditionalist, you gonna cha goon second team all NBA? No, I'm saying moving towns from se I I think Jaron Jackson's looking like he's gonna be second team. He'd be a lot for this out. Plays out. Yeah. Yeah. So the question is whether towns can sneak in there or not. Ideally, towns goes to third team. I might do three guards for second team too. I don't know. We could talk about Yeah, But the, the Jaron Jackson part of it, like He's in, He's a, he's a forward.


Yeah, but he, I mean you can sneak him as a, as a, so you're not a traditionalist pseudo center. You're a Revolutionary. He is a pseudo center. Who else do they have at center other than needy? Jay Huff, Brandon Clark. He's basically a sinner. He's a, he's no less of a sinner than like bam out abi is. Yeah. But bam was legitimately stuck playing center the whole time until this wear thing came along this year. A couple other things I care about before we go And I, I do wanna give you the floor for college hoop so you can give us five minutes to tell us what to look for if you don't really care. The Philly, Brooklyn, Toronto comedy of the 5, 6, 7 spots in the draft are just all time hilarious.


Quentin gr Quentin Grimes goes on a heater today. I didn't watch one minute of it. And, and Philly Beats Dallas and now it's just somebody's gonna get fucked and somebody's gonna get bounced backwards and wonder why they had the season. They had to not even get a top seven pick. So Brooklyn is 22 wins. Philly is 23, Toronto is 24. I have no idea why Toronto is trying to compete in these games. Philly doesn't wanna compete but win anyway. And then Brooklyn's whole season has been designed for them not to be good and they just keep foiling themselves. Who, who's gonna get the five spot out of these teams? Priscilla, Brooklyn, Philly or Toronto?


Toronto I believe. Maybe they're second again, but the last time I sent it to you because you And I are invested in the under because they're insanely irrational fan base, like lost their minds 'cause we all took the under. Yeah. And at one point there it was a complete lock because I looked at it, it was like they're gonna have to go 500 over their last 20 to go over. And so I mean at one point I think they were eight and 31. Yeah. You know, there was no point did I go like, hey this, and granted they've been hurt but like even if they were healthy, the problem is they play like I think when you have these guys, they're on NBA life support, they're playing their asses off. I watched that Philly game the other night where rodent had 20 something and you, you, you know, you gotta go back through and be like, where the hell did this guy come from?


Or whatever. Yeah. And so think It's a JT Thor in game 82 just going nuts. I think they have the third best record against the spread in the NBA this year. Wow. So Toronto's, Toronto's been And unbelievable Phoenix a blast. I'm pretty sure that's true. Mean I think Phoenix is 20 games under 500 with the spread this year, which is almost impossible. Well Philly Philly's win today really hurt them. 'cause being at six, all they have to do is get jumped by one team and they lose their pick. And just OKC winning the title and then getting the seventh pick in the draft would be nuts. Couple other things. We're in a Houston, Memphis, Denver, 2, 3, 4 basically a tie right now by the way.


Can we, has anyone ever discussed why Dallas took on 30 million and guaranteed money with Caleb Martin and moved out Grimes? Well Now I guess it's because they couldn't come up with a contract extension, but he was still restricted so you could have just matched it. But that one doesn't make a ton of sense. Which at that point, well Kyrie hadn't gotten hurt yet. Right? Davis hadn't gotten hurt yet either. And they had traded for Christie. I mean that trade looks awful now. I always like Grimes Houston, Memphis, Denver all together. So that's the 2, 3, 4 and then Lakers, golden State, Minnesota all separated by one win basically or two I guess the Lakers have the upper hand on that.


And then in the east, the east is pretty boring. It's basically walking into Detroit, just kind of fighting it out for 4, 5, 6. And I'm not sure it really matters. I went through and did the last 15, you know. Yeah, I always like to look at offense and defense and do it every few days. And I did it this morning again and when you go through the offenses and what's happening here in the east, the last month the west has 13 of the top 19 offenses in the NBA Wow. In the last month. So then you just start going through all these other teams, you're like, oh my god, these teams have falling apart except for Toronto who's just doing it with defense Thibs. This team's been playing like really good defense and pulling out all these games and Well did You see the Celtics schedule the last month?


It's like a probably not as technically as you did. No. And I just looked at it to see what good games were left and it's like, it's just a bunch of shit games. Even like their west coast, they have one more like road trip and even that one, there's only two tough ones left. So, and they know that they're locked in the number two seats. So it's gonna be, you know, it's seems to be night at get ready to see more Ba, Bailey, Sharman, all those fucking people. So just to, just to update everybody, so again, Toronto and January 11th was eight and 31. Yeah. So that means there's 16 and 13 for two months. How is That Possible with that team with, with all of the guys, you know, basically not playing now for a while if I look it up here post all-Star break, let me see how many games these dudes have played in.


Well rj, well I guess they played in more than I thought.


Hey, can I welcome you to a special part of the show, which is brought to you today by Audi with their all new fully electric Audi Q six E-tron.


Yeah, we have the, the Celtics City documentary that's going on HBO and A max and it runs on Mondays nine o'clock. And we did episode two is about Bill Russell. Did you ever do the exercise, I know it's hard to cross eras, but did you ever do the exercise of, if you put Russell now, I don't think he can be the same height and weight. I think you almost have to make him 2025 Russell. So maybe make him like six 11. But that skillset that he had, what that, what would that look like now? Because I actually think he'd, there's a thought that it'd be like, ah, I'd be bam out of bio. And it's, I I think you have to add the better shoes, the better conditioning, all the diets, all the advantages they have now.


I actually think he would be as impactful as he was 60 years ago is my hot take. But what do you think, because there's more athletes now, the game's different, you need shooting, obviously he wouldn't be able to space the floor. There would be some stuff that would be a little weird. But how do you see, like when you, when you try to translate the guys from the sixties to now, is it just impossible or are there things you think you could take It always felt incredibly disrespectful to just go, okay, well he is six eight and 2 25 and you know, he'd be a role guy. I mean it's Bill Russell, right? So I never wanted to do that. Maybe if I were really young I I'd be that way.


But then every single person would tell you that saw him play like he would, he would figure it out. It's like what would he grow, you know? So like what are we talking about here? It's almost like Michael kid Gilchrist size. He was six nine and five eights. So that's basically Tatum site. I think t because I think Tatum's legitimately six nine. Yeah. Gilchrist is is shorter than that. So yeah, I shouldn't say that. But you know, look, I, I got to interview him once. It was probably one of the biggest thrills of my career and everybody asked him the same thing and he's just like, I was gonna run these guys. So is it, is it a Mobley without the three in the corner a couple times a game?


Is it Mobley, like Mobley 2.0, a crazy, crazy version of him where he's just all over the place like having the greatest game of his life. But that's just him. Like game I, the part that would be interesting to me is just how everything, 'cause I, I read up on him after we had episode two, I just went on a Russell deep dive bench and it's the competitiveness thing that is just the over and over thing, right? Where he was just like psychotically competitive, which is what Jordan had too. So I, I think it'd be interesting to take that and just put that into the current basketball season and League Pass and like even put him in an all-star game at all these different, you know, things that we were always mad that the guys aren't trying harder while they're going through the motions.


And he just couldn't really do that until the tail end of his career when we started running outta gas. So what was it? He's, he's seven and oh in game sevens. I, I mean some of the, I had some of the stats I had for you, Right? And then I think there's some other ridiculous one where, No, he's 16 and two in elimination games. Okay. He was 10 and oh in game sevens against Wilt. He was 84 and 58. The, the interesting thing is like there's, And I wrote a thing in my book about it, like just the myth that come out of the Russell Wilt thing and one of the myths is like, oh Wilts numbers were so much better than Russells.


And then you go to the playoffs, they average the same amount of rebounds. Wilt had 24.5 rebounds in 160 games. Russell had 24.9 so he had more rebounds. Russell had 4.7 assists. Wilt had 4.2 and then Wilt scored 22.5 points and Russell had 16.2. So in the playoffs, which is, that's 160 games, not a small sample size, you got six more points a game from Wilt and Russell was better at everything else. But Russell was also like the greatest teammate of all time and the best defensive player of all time. I, I don't know what we're arguing. And then the other thing was the, the supporting cast, which I debunked pretty quickly.


Like yeah Russell first five years of Will's career, Russell had better teammates then the next, the rest of Will's career, he always had the best teammates, you know, so that, you can't say that one either. Yeah, he's, he's weirdly become underrated partially because there's no stats that capture some of the stuff he did. Like we didn't keep track of blocks till 1973. So you're just like, yeah, Russell had a lot of blocks that game and that's how we talked about him in like game seven of a conference finals. Whereas like kept track of points and rebounds. So yeah, I Thibs, I think he's underrated, he's fallen out of the go conversation even though he won the most, everyone in his era always talked about how incredible he was and there was no greater winner, all that stuff.


So obviously there's some hybrid, but he's, he's to me he's still in the top four all time. Yeah. The year they got them 66, 67 season for Wilkin loaded Sixers team. Yeah. Yeah, they, they had 68 wins. So I remember growing up, and again it was all just kind of legend right before you had access or maybe somebody would buy you a book and you go back and read some of this stuff. But it was always a wilt didn't have, didn't have the same guys. Didn't have the same guys. And then you're like well they won 68 games one year, right? And then they won 62 the next year when everybody thought Boston was done and then Boston beats him in the playoffs again. So now I don't ever know what to do with Wilt 'cause all the numbers look make believe, but it would feel incredibly dismissive to look at Russell's size and go, he would just be this rotational guy that would, you know, match up in a maybe your small ball five center.


You know, it just, Right. It seems wrong and maybe there's just no point in even doing it 'cause it's, that's Probably the answer. It would be, it would basically be what Jonathan Isaac was doing last year in the Magic and those 20 minutes stretches multiplied by five. But he would've been doing it for eight straight months every year while we were like, holy shit, Russell had 17 blocks. I think what I like the most is the last title that they got against the Lakers. Yeah. Like that one where people think it's kind of over. And I also loved in the doc where it was just very classic and this is another example of things never change, is that post red stepping down they make Bill Russell player, coach.


Coach. And so if you do something different and it doesn't work, it's way worse than just doing it the same and not having it work. So then it's a Russell thing and then it totally works out and then as Russell wins a title, there's a press conference two days after and someone asks Red like, Hey what did you actually think about the coaching? And the tone of it is right, they won and Brett's just like sitting there And I think the access, you know, all the different historical stuff that you guys have put into this And I, I know there's so many people involved in this project, but of all of the projects it gets just good to remind people of what that run was and right for it to be partnered, you know, with your platform and with HBO and people are gonna think I'm kissing your ass here.


But I just think it's the truth the same way the last dance, it was just nice little reminders and when we didn't have games during Covid and we were watching those, those bull series and you And I were going through 'em, like I'm really glad that I did it because it helped me have like a completely different level of appreciation. And it was the first time I was watching The Bulls as somebody that just talks about basketball and not just a guy in college. It was pissed that Jordan was winning all the time. Like I didn't really appreciate Jordan enough 'cause I certainly wasn't a Bulls fan and you know, again, I wanted Barkley to beat him so bad in 93. So to watch this And I've seen a lot of this stuff, but to see it and then the added depth and, and how long this this is gonna go on, I do think that if, if you think of the worthy things of the 20th century that are worth reminding people of, Yeah 11 titles in 13 fucking years is a pretty good start.


Yeah, I mean that's certainly how we felt working on it because I just think people forget And I was like, ah, there's only eight teams back then It's, I remember during the last dance you And I were doing those pods and we were so stunned how little everybody knew about the Jordan Bulls. It was one of the first times I really felt old. Remember there was that Rodman episode and everybody's like, Rodman, what was up with that guy? And we were like, what? He's just assuming everybody knew Rodman was this crazy up and down rollercoaster ride that they were able to just kind of corral in time for these three straight postseasons and basically people like my son just had no idea.


Which of course they wouldn't, but you just kind of forget 'cause we know all the beats. So that was one of the things we were trying to do with this Celtic series anyway. Hey, what, what is it like, It's a lot of meat there. What is it like for you personally to be able to produce something like this that's basically your favorite thing in your life? Big for, for me, I didn't wanna fuck it up. I mean we had so many good people behind it, but I felt like I, I would've been so mad if somebody else did it and didn't get stuff right. So for me it's like just let's not fuck this up. We got one chance. Let's try to make the best version of this. And you know, I, I think what was the one like glass, like last dance I think did a great job of here's this piece of, I think Unless you were his teammate, right?


Well, Well that's true but I mean the stuff that people got mad about was pretty honest. And that was all that stuff that was in the books too. It was just a lot of people to know about it, you know? And Isaiah was mad about how he was portrayed in it, which I get I understand, but that was what'd You Right, what'd you think was gonna happen? Yeah, that was Isaiah's reputation. That's why he got left off the dream team. You know, like he, he, he was a pretty polarizing guy when he played and the di So I think when you're doing these things you have a responsibility to tell the history, be as fair as possible, weigh the agendas of the different people who are doing interviews for it. Because as the years pass becomes super easy to tweak stuff however way you want to make yourself look better and you know, these are documents if you're doing them correctly, they're documents.


I loved Cozi admitting he had never sniffed or snorted or, or shot up, right? He's like, I like Bob Coy sitting there north of 90 going, I never considered myself hot Because they show some campaign of him and Frank Gifford. Frank Gifford, right? Where they were like supposed to be had hards had some guy Frank Gifford. Yeah, Gifford a looker and then great's for him. He's like, I, I did drink beers, we did drink a lot of beers. 'cause you know, in season you, you didn't wanna be drinking the hard stuff and have somebody go, why are you drinking that? You're an athlete, right? He's like, but I never sniffed And I never injected or I never shot. And it was just the thing, it's always like the couple chances I ever had any accident stuff when I was still living in Boston, there's just like, it's not even my generation.


I don't even know if it's your generation. I think it's our father's generation of like the reverence and the holy fuck. And you know, it meant a lot to me And I certainly appreciate it more now having the Celtics, Comcast station just invite me to be a part of that studio stuff. And I remember how much it meant to my father when he's like, you're sitting on a desk with Tommy Heinsen, like you're sitting next to Tommy Heinsen kind of arguing about what just happened in a playoff game. And I'm kind of like, you know, Tommy was a little tough to me at first 'cause he was like, who's this guy? And then he was a big teddy bear and we were great and he was so awesome to me. And you know, maybe this doesn't resonate with anyone outside of the New England area or whatever, but like these dudes were gods to our fathers and at least the accomplishments, you know, it matches it.


Like how else would you have ever thought, like think about these guys as, as you have so many of the people in the dock going, you just went into every summer assuming the Celtics are gonna win the world championship. Right? You just, it was expected. I remember it came out that, or maybe I'd mentioned that I was writing my basketball book in the late two thousands. I think I probably told you this story. I'll say it again. And I went to a Celtic game during the KG season and some guy came up to me, he was an older guy, he was like my dad's age. And he was like, Hey. He was like at halftime a game. He was like, Hey you writing that basketball book? I saw, I saw you writing a basketball book. I'm like, yeah. And he is like, you better get Russell right.


Russell was the best. You don't understand Russell was the best I was going to those games. Russell was the best. Just make sure your book covers that. He walked away. I was like, all right, like little stuff like that matters. Like this guy was like just went out of his way to tell me that for 12 seconds, went and got a beer. I mean honestly it sounds like my dad might have grabbed it, right? Because that's, and look, my father played and you know, he was, he was a big guy and he used to, for these high school all-star teams he was on, they used to have those barnstorming things for the athletes in the off season. Right? So Will actually told my father, he was like, hey, 'cause he was, my father was always the tallest and he was like, Hey, do you, how many points you score?


You know, he'd be like 16 or whatever. Yeah. He's like, he goes, when the guards, when the guards go down to court, do you run after him? And he was like, well you know, he's like, never stop running. He goes, it's extra eight points a night. Like don't, he goes, wow. He's like the guards, they always miss the layups. He's like, so when a guy gets out on the fast break but it's one on one or it's two on two, you always run. He goes just extra points like and will wasn't even thinking of like it's winning. It was it's extra points. Right? You know, I don't know if it's a thing where, you know, our, our influences are so Celtics heavy based on what our families grew up rooting for.


But the Wilt Russell thing to them is like embarrassing. And yet you pull a basketball reference and it would seem embarrassing to think that Russell was better than Wilt. So, you know, I can only defer to kind of like, And I look, I'm not even gonna say I can defer to it. I can read everything Mott v's. Most recent book that really got into that finals. And the part where the comeback happens with a will. Like there's just a generation of people that would look at Wilt as this guy that you actually wouldn't trust despite the resume. And it's just hard when you're not living it every day today and you're only going by other accounts. The crazy thing with Wilt was how many people, players and coaches who either played with him or against him or coached with him or against him just murdered him.


And I don't know whether that was the era or if if he, he was that frustrating, but people just had no problems talking about how he did want the ball in the clutch. He's a pain in the ass. I mean he did get traded twice during the prime of his career, which is usually a red flag. Anyway,


Celtics City third episode, the all new fully electric Audi Q six E-tron, A huge leap forward featuring effortless power, serious acceleration. The most advanced tech of any Audi ever experienced technology that puts you center stage with a panoramic digital stage. Plus an optional screen for front seat pastures. Perfect for watching the latest sports documentary, the Q six E-tron. Not just a new ev, it's a new way to experience driving. Learn more@outtausa.com. Always pay careful attention to the road. Do not drive while distracted.


This episode is brought to you by vrbo, private Vacation Rentals with vrbo. You always get the whole house so you and your fellow fans can cheer on your team in peace. What's worse than watching a game with somebody who's not rooting for the same team? You're rooting for nothing. But that's why if you book a vacation house with vrbo, you know all the people in your house, they'll be friends, they'll be family. Ideally they'll be the ones who also root for my teams. Plan a winning vacation, make it a vrbo.


This episode is brought to by LinkedIn during the season every baseball team plays 162 games. It's a true test of endurance. It's not enough to have a hot month or two. You need sustained dominance throughout. While the same is true for your small business, it's not enough to have a great Q2, even a great year. You want year over year growth that starts with better hires. That'll be there for the long haul to find those hires. Use LinkedIn. LinkedIn has strong hiring data and insights that you won't find anywhere else to help pair you with the best candidates from unique skills and interests to the connections you have in common. Based on LinkedIn data, 72% of small businesses say that LinkedIn helps 'em find high quality talent. LinkedIn also lets you go beyond people who are actively applying in a given week. 171 million LinkedIn members aren't actively seeking jobs, but they are open to new opportunities. That's a big pool to miss out on. If you're not hiring with LinkedIn, find your next great hire on LinkedIn. Post your job for free at LinkedIn dot com slash simmons. That's LinkedIn dot com slash Simmons to post your job for free terms and conditions apply.


Speaking of books, John Feinstein passed away and he wrote one of the great sports books of all time Season on the Brink, which I think breaks the game as the best sports book ever. I'll, I'll fight that one probably to the death 'cause I don't think anyone's gonna top it. And then there's four or five, six books after that that have to be mentioned. And Season on the Brink would be one of the first ones for me. I remember reading it on an airplane and the airplane could have crashed And I would've been like, hold on, hold on, I'm on page 68. Like I just, I don't think you can overstate how little information we had in the eighties and to have some reporter just go behind the scenes with Bobby Knight who was this mythical figure and just capture, capture everything, how insane the guy was, how he dealt with the players and, and the story of that season.


And you know, I just, it was such a memorable experience. I probably read that book five, six times over the course of my life. So after he read a book like that, you know, that like the rest is Gravy legacy wise. And during a week like this he wrote a bunch of books. But that book was an all timer. I feel like it changed the way people approach sports books after that. And, and it's a hall of famer for me. Priscilla. Yeah. I love the dynamic of that book because you have Bobby Knight who thinks like Feinstein's in on it with him, right? Right. He's like, yeah, you know, this guy's just like, you know, a big fan, but he is young and he's ready to kind of make a aim for himself.


And then Bobby Knight looks at it as a complete betrayal. But it was like, well what did you like however that was accepted or what Yeah. What the understanding was. It was two personalities where it actually made sense that after that book came out, like everybody was pissed. But it put John on the map. Yes. And I definitely enjoyed, like he had a, I'm trying to remember, I think the, the open inside the robes at robes at Beth Page Black on the O2 US Open. I love that one. The punch is awesome. Good Walk. Spoiled was a good one. Yeah. I mean I, I kind of kept going back to him like he was one of those guys that just was benefit of the doubt for a really long time.


Yeah. Because of a Season on the Brink and it's, it's predates Friday Night Lights. Right. So it, Yes, It was one of those things where you couldn't believe like you were getting this kind of information. 'cause we just never got any of it. We never got any of that kind of stuff. And Knight was really the number one guy as far as who, if you could ever spend a season with the coach and getting to know him, he'd be the first choice. And I think because John was so much younger, I believe is the way the story goes is Knight just was like, oh whatever. Yeah. Like he can hang around 'cause he is not established. Yeah. Sports books were in a weird spot 'cause they used to be like those autobiographies that were written by the player, but they obviously weren't written by them.


And when they made a splash it was usually like when Sparkly did the Bronx Zoo and was shitting on Reggie Jackson in it and they excerpted it in Sport Magazine, it was like, oh my God. He said that about Reggie. And you know, it was, that's kind of where we were. There was some good biography or autobiographies. Like Kareem, Kareem had a decent one. Wilt had a really good one. Bill Russell had two good ones. But for the most part there wasn't books like this Halber stand Breaks of the Game when he spent like a year just immersed in the NBA. It didn't, it didn't hit like this Season on the Brink did because of the Knight stuff. 'cause Knight Got mad was the difference the way Knight reacted to the book became part of the story.


And Knight was, I don't know, the first in the seventies, eighties, nineties, one of the three or four biggest coaches period. I don't even know how to describe him now. We don't have coaches like that anymore. Like you talk, you talked about Dan Hurley before Knight was like a hundred times bigger than Dan Hurley. Totally. I mean, you know, Bobby Knight was, was this guy that, again, we get into the generational stuff that we were talking about with the Celtics is like everybody's dad would've wanted their son to play for Bobby Knight, which probably surprises a lot of the younger people that are listening right now. Yeah. Like Bobby Knight's where you would want your son to go play because he would turn you into a man. And I would argue the more it continued like Knight was, he was a great coach, but he was also a fucking bully.


And I hate bullies and it started to cross a line there. But you know, it's, it's just absurd to think of like how he, how he, it was, it was just so strained that Indiana was basically trying to figure out any way that they could, they could move on from the guy. But it's pretty clear, even though John was with the Washington Post, I, I think the story goes and I'm looking it up as we're kind of on the fly because the book came out in 86. Right. So Yeah. And I remember my father never being able to put it down and they won Feinstein, Feinstein had had, was doing like a story on him and it was the week that he threw the chair. Yeah. And Feinstein didn't kill him.


So it makes me think that maybe Knight was like, oh I'll give this guy access and he's like an ally and yeah, John was hoping to become like an author and get bigger book deals and everything. And I think knowing John, not that I had a lot to deal with him 'cause there wasn't, I don't know how much you dealt with him with your overlap at ES ESPN because it wasn't like he was Coming up to Bristol. It didn't doing a ton of stuff. It, he would come on to promote a book. I helped him promote a book with Red, actually the red Rback book that he did, which was the worst time promotion of any book ever. Because Red came up to the Calhoon in SGA and John the Cal Cal loon. Yeah. But it was the day after the Red Sox had won the World Series in 2004. Ah. So we had planned this all out actually Eddie Andelman planned it out and then he went to Hawaii.


So then Eddie wasn't on the air at the local station when the Red Sox broke the curse of eight decades. Smart. And then they were like, Hey we gotta put you guys on. And we were like, okay, no problem. Then they're like, if it's a sweep, it's going to be the day after. And then people were calling in going like, are you guys the dumbest radio station? And it was like, we Yes, The answer is yes, yes, Yes. The answer is yes. But it sucked 'cause red's there in person and you know, it's red. I mean, are you kidding? Like, Like two years before he died. Right. And so John is really thankful at the time 'cause we're promoting the book and the book was fun. It was, you know, it was a little different. It was kind of like this lunch thing that he would tell these different stories but whatever. Yeah. That book, that red book was written I think three different times by three different authors.


It was like stories about Red. I read all of them, I enjoyed them. That book came out in 86. Another really interesting thing happened with it then they had the Steve Alford Keith Smart Year after the book. And I didn't have like a favorite college basketball team after the BC gambling scandal. It was kind of, I was kind of a free agent and that book made me like the Indiana just, just kind of like, oh, I know those guys. And so, and when that run happened and then they beat DC and Syracuse, you know, and one of the worst, no timeouts of all time, another one that's forgotten. Go watch that game on YouTube. Young people listening to this, Keith Smart hits a shot with like three seconds left.


And Syracuse just completely botes. I, I don't know what they're trying to do. Anyway, it was so interesting watching that run with the background of this book and how vivid it was and all the characters and offer and everybody else. It's a really great one. It's worth, it's worth. Re it's not that long. I think it's totally worth rereading. And, and I'm gonna read it at some point over the next six weeks. 'cause I just, everybody talking about it got me fired up and we talked about what Russell would be like now. Can you imagine taking 1986 Bobby Knight and just dropping him into college sports in 2025 in the NIL era and social media and people getting triggered.


I think he would get fired within five minutes. It's like Bobby n has been hired. Oh, Bobby n has now been fired. I wouldn't say he was the easiest EES ESPN employee they've ever had either. No, I don't think he was, But he was. But you know, there was sort of some grandfather status there and, and they kept put him on TV and look, I mean, you know, Bobby was, he was like the best for his era. But you're right. Like it was, he couldn't fathom seeing the sport evolve the way that it would, you know. And I think there's, there's something to be said of being like, Hey, when, when everything's even, I'm gonna be better than anybody else.


I'm going up against as a coach. And for a really long time. You could definitely make that claim at night There. He's a good character in breaks of the game too. There's some good Bobby Knight stuff in there. Before we go, give us three minutes, what, what do we need to know about March Madness? The Johnny's baby. We're back. It's pretty funny. I was thinking about St. John's because I grew up a big St. John's fan as a lot of people know. So two seed going up against Hawk. You're Howard Church guy, I remember. Yeah, that's, that's the bigger reason. The last time I cared this much they were the two seed against Gonzaga and they lost in the second round.


I think it was San Angelo went crazy. And at the time I was not in the business. I was just a 24-year-old kid. Yeah. Super fired up. You know, just so I was, I cared about this more than I cared about the NBA and my buddy and his girlfriend and my girlfriend were like the Gatsby's and they were like, Hey, we're gonna come over and watch the game. Oh yeah. And I was like, this is a terrible idea. Exactly. And I had like a studio And I, you know, you know when you're, you move into a studio apartment with no actual bedroom and the mattress is still there and you're like, when that's kind of the place I was in my life.


And so my buddy kind of knew and then his girlfriend was foreign. And I think the reason I said yes is 'cause the girl I was dating was a teacher. So it would've made sense that that next game would've been like maybe the Saturday or whatever. So I was like, okay, I guess like I have to do this 'cause you can't see each other during the week all that much. Which I actually, you know, was, was great for me. So I was so fucking mad about that game. 'cause I love that team so much. In 99, the run that they made the the regional final against Ohio State, which by the way, I watched that in Jamaica And I was at a table. I told everybody just to leave me alone for a little bit.


And then a busload of Ohio State fans showed up to the grill and cheering on Ohio State at St. John's lost the regional final. So I had a terrible time that time. So then I was, I was gonna watch it alone. Anyway, Gonzaga beats him. St. John's loses And I was so mad, bill, I was so mad. I left my own apartment and had to walk down the street. I had to go for a walk down Church Street by myself. And then the German girl was like, I think in her accent was like, I think you take sports too seriously. And I was like, yeah, but now is not the time. Yeah. I'm surprised that's, he said, well My buddy thought I was kind of being a loser. But he understood and Then you should have come back with something from like some sort of German history thing just to fuck with her.


Yeah. Right. Just like you guys decided to defend a peninsula in the ocean. Dumb asses. I remember my friend Ben, who I could talk about this story now 'cause he is not with the person anymore, but the pa the Patriots game when they lost to the Ravens in the playoffs in like 2011 ranch When Ray Rice just first play. Yeah, no it might've been the Jets game. What was the one where Ridley got knocked out? It was the Jets The rematch after they had killed them. Yeah, it's the Jets game. He came over halftime with his girlfriend who, I don't even think he'd been dating that long. But I was like, you should come over and watch the game with me and my dad. And it was like Pats fans and then he showed up with the girlfriend.


The moment I saw her, I knew the Pats were gonna lose. I was just like, I, the vibe's off in the room feel like we're controlling this but they, the Jets just went on a run right after this showed up. So I make fun of 'em about it now. But I was, I thought it was a bad sign. Yeah. It wasn't in no form at like 24 4 Old. It's rational anyway. Right. There's no way that I'd be like one, my apartment was disgusting. Yeah. But again, we're all young, right? So we're young enough to think like it would still be normal. And meanwhile, like his girlfriend, my girlfriend kind of knew, but she didn't really love that version of me. But again, she was actually kind of a sweetheart and like just, she gave me a lot of rope and looking back it was like, man, I was such a dick but his girlfriend was annoying the shit outta me.


'cause she would be like, do you have any more Chardonnay? You know, and I'm like, are you fucking sound Like Right. Just trying to focus on the game. Yeah. Like Is this guy gonna miss, there'd be a host three. Yeah. Yeah. Right. Like and there's like one couch, there's not a lot of room. Again, it's a studio. So I don't even know if it was 200 square feet. And I'm sitting there And I cared about the outcome of that game probably as much as like maybe the Sun's Bulls in 93. Mm. You know some of those a's series with the socks, you kind of knew they weren't gonna get it done. So it wasn't like this massive let down the Dave Stewart era. Dave Stewart, yeah. But maybe, maybe the comeback against the Angels in 86. Like, I'm just trying to think of like the outcomes of games that I cared about that much. 'cause it was like the very end of my run of not being in the business and, and being desensitized to it a little bit.


But it was the worst possible setup. And then I was convinced the only reason why St. John's was losing is 'cause I allowed this to happen. So that's on me Really. So now the Johnny's are back. Yeah. Nephew Kyle is, is all into FaceTime. I don't think you guys are gonna be closer than right Now. You know, can I say one St. John's thing? Because I've been, I've, I, and we've probably even talked about this, I've never understood why NBA teams don't add presses if they have depth. Like I feel like on the side of OKC was just like, hey, with our seven through 12 guys, let's just have a press that we can do for three minutes and the team will never know when it's coming. It would be one of the great weapons we could have in basketball.


Especially against certain teams that don't necessarily factor. Did Patino Try that Though? Patino tried it as like an actual regular season. We're gonna do this for long stretches. I'm just saying a little three minute thing. Like, oh that Austin Reeves is gonna be the point guard right now. Let's press this guy for three minutes with the press that we've been working on. I just Thibs think there's something there that would work if he had the athletes. But I like that when they do it in college. 'cause it just seems like it, it, it just seems so terrifying. Everybody loves Florida. They're on it now. That Clayton Junior kid, the kid that was at Iona that apparently Patino like was trying to get to go to St. John's, he was damn near perfect in the Alabama win.


He was really good again today. He's a real point guard. You know, I don't even know if he's on the draft list or whatever. And then they've got two huge guys they can go to. They can play defense. They can throw a lot of size at you. And you know, they kind of ran away from Tennessee. Tennessee had a lot of foul trouble today. I, I look, I think St. John's has seven to eight guys where you all feel like they bring something to the table to knock on them as they're not gonna be able to shoot it enough to win six games, which is 29 To one on FanDuel. So was is Florida The favorite? Florida plus three 90. Ah, there's a second. Duke's the favorite plus three 20 Duke's the favorite because it's apparently flag is coming back. Yeah, Yeah, Yeah.


I don't really look, I started watching the last, I've been watching St. John's now pretty regularly. But you know, I watched all the conference tournament stuff, but I could barely get through that. I don't even try Concert, I don't even, I Don't even try to fake it during the championship weekend anymore. I'm just like, oh, I'll, I'll jump in when the tournament starts. I've lost. It's another thing I've just given up as I've gotten older. 'cause I'm choosing to watch OKC in Detroit for some reason game game six. But I was, C's already locked up a one seat and for some reason I'm picking that over like a college hoop game. Yeah. I, I don't, I don't really have anything, anybody that's been watching all season long, like I'm not gonna offer them anything. But I did enjoy watching this week.


I enjoy, I enjoyed watching Ford a lot. You're on flag though. What's that? You're in on flag. Oh yeah. No, it's, I mean, it just sucks. You got hurt but watching, I think it was the last regular season, North Carolina game And I watched the BC game where it looked like everybody on BC wanted to punch him in the face. Yeah. Which was a good sign because flag responded well to it. Yeah. But it's not like I'm, I'm not your guy to ask anything of. I know what the Johnnys look like. That's about it. Ll you're doing two pods this week. We'll be back on this pod next week. We were gonna do a gimmick for today, but then we farted around with all this other stuff, which is my fault. So we'll do the gimmick next week that I was really excited about that I thought would've been really good.


Somehow we still killed two hours without doing the giant gimmick that I thought we were gonna do. We'll back that pack next week. And then thanks to Kaha and Kyle and as well for producing new re watchable coming Monday night, we did Days of Thunder Illa Cruz Kidman. Oh, no kidding. Maybe sort of Yes. Oh no, no, I was, I mean, who wasn't in on that? How could you call yourself an American back then and not be excited about it? It's really good. We we're a little critical of Cruz. Not gonna say he is on autopilot in it, but it's, it's, he's done better. It's still great. I mean, he is still, he still puts up 25 7 and eight.


But you know, it's not like you won't be telling your grandkids about cold trickle. The cruise does the, does the wheelchair race scene not hit as hard? No hits harder. Hits harder. Harder. Yeah, it's great. We broke it down. Anyway, that's tomorrow. And then Prestige tv, the White Lotus episode five, which is a capital B banger, which you gotta watch tonight. Capital B pulsating in bold Banger. No, I'm, I'm watching it. I am on it. I needed something after the Ruby Frankie documentary, which I would suggest maybe not watching Adolescence on Netflix is good too. Check that out.


Anyway, S so good to see you. See, you Must be 21 plus in President Select states for Kansas and affiliation with Kansas Star Casino, or 18 plus in President DC. Gambling problem, call 100 gambler. Visit rg help.com. Call 1 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org/chat in Connecticut.


Or visit md gambling help.org in Maryland. Hope is here. Visit gambling help line ma.org or call 803 2 7 50 50 for twenty four seven. Support Massachusetts. Or call 1 8 7 7 8 Hope and y or text Hope NY in New York.


This episode is brought to you by hookah. I've gotta talk to you guys about the Bondi nine, the new daily trainer from a hookah. The Bondi nine delivers peak plushness for everyday miles overhauled from top to bottom. They've increased the stack height and added a new premium foam midsole to deliver that soft, resilient ride that's become synonymous with the Bondi. And look, I walk a lot. I walk all around LA. You need good shoes for that. These are perfect. Everybody. Bondi. Visit Hoka dot com HO k.com to learn more about the Bondi nine.


This episode is brought to by LinkedIn. During the season, every baseball team plays 162 games. It's a true test of endurance. It's not enough to have a hot month or two. You need sustained dominance throughout. While the same is true for your small business, it's not enough to have a great Q2 or even a great year. You want year over year growth that starts with better hires. That'll be there for the long haul to find those hires. Use LinkedIn. LinkedIn has strong hiring data and insights that you won't find anywhere else to help pair you with the best candidates from unique skills and interests to the connections you have in common. Based on LinkedIn data, 72% of small businesses say that LinkedIn helps them find high quality talent. LinkedIn also lets you go beyond people who are actively applying in a given week. 171 million LinkedIn members aren't actively seeking jobs, but they are open to new opportunities. That's a big pool to miss out on. If you're not hiring with LinkedIn, find your next great hire on LinkedIn. Post your job for free at LinkedIn dot com slash simmons. That's LinkedIn dot com slash Simmons to post your job for free terms and conditions. Apply.