
You're listening to The Bill Simmons Podcast presented by FanDuel. FanDuel has made it easier than ever to see how your bets are doing without even opening the app. Now you can get the latest updates, follow along in real time, directly from your phone's Lock screen, yeah. Or Apple Watch, no login required. Just head to your My Bets page to turn it on if you don't already have it. Download the FanDuel Sportsbook app today to get in on the action. The Ringer is committed to responsible gaming. Please visit rg help.com to learn more about the resources and helplines available. And Listen to the end of this episode. For additional details. You Must be 21 plus of President select states scam problem Call win hundred GAMBLER. Visit rg-help.com.


Coming up, I'm gonna talk about a new sport I just heard about basketball. It's next.


This episode is brought to you by the Wells Fargo Active Cash credit card. This is an ad for the active cash credit card from Wells Fargo. That's a mouthful, but that's because of Pax Lot in Earn Unlimited 2% cash rewards on purchases with it big or small. So whether it's buying tickets to the game with your mom or grabbing a coffee with your dog, earn unlimited 2% cash rewards on purchases made with it. Say it with me. The active cash credit card from Wells Fargo. Learn more at wells fargo.com/active Cash terms apply.


We're also brought to you by The Ringer Podcast Network. I put up a new rewatch Thoses last night. We did someone to watch Over Me. It is a movie with Tom Beringer, Mimi Rogers and Lorraine Brocko from 1987 directed by Ridley Scott. It is an absolute cable classic. It was a one for us, for me and Chris Ryan. I broke down during this pod about as hard as I've ever laughed during a podcast. It gets super goofy. And after we do one for us, we always like to do a giant movie. So a giant movie is coming next week. Stay tuned for that. Hope you're checking out The Ringer dot com. Hope you're checking about all of our ringer podcast stuff. The Bill Simmons YouTube channel, which we go live on Sundays with Silla.


We kind of staggered it. We did a late live and an early one with Silla and Van on Sunday. That was super fun. FanDuel, by the way. I've been working with them. We're gonna start this new gimmick on Wednesday with Lakers Timber Worlds Game five. You can tail or fade my pick each week. I'm gonna pick a player prop. I'm gonna go in, I'm gonna say what I think is gonna happen. You can either believe me or not. Believe me, I just hit on, on Sunday, I hit a plus 9 21 4 leg parley. It was pretty impressive. I gotta say, let's see if I can keep the momentum going. So I have LeBron over nine and a half Rebounds I think is gonna be the one you can either back me or you can go against me.


But if you do it, FanDuel is offering you an opportunity to have a 50% boost either way. So you win if you like what I thought or you wanna go against what I thought anyway, check out Fandel Sports book on Wednesday to see what Boost I'm betting, what bet I'm boosting. I just told you what it was, it was, and then you can imply that Profit Boost. I love when the customers ride with me. I've been decent. So there you go. Coming up on this podcast, Kurt Goldsberry and I, we watched four basketball games. I was watching some hockey too and we're reacting right afterwards to everything we saw. And then a little bit later, Zach Lowe, he came on last week on a Tuesday and we banked something fun.


We did it again this week. We wanna talk about Draymond Green and we wanna look forward to Timber Wolves, Lakers. So that is the podcast today. First, our friends from Pearl Jam Recording this part of the podcast 9 45 Pacific Time. I thought the Clipper's Denver game was gonna be a lot better.


I thought Kurt Goldsberry and I'll be talking about all these unbelievable narratives. Instead, all the narratives came in the first game of the day and the second game of the day. And then the games got worse as they went along. But Denver kind of put it on the Clippers tonight, Kirk, I did not see this coming. I thought Denver was lucky to be two. Two. I thought the Clippers were a better team. And Jamal Murray became Playoff. Jamal Murray again tonight. Harden was invisible. Where do you wanna start? What? What? What jumped out to you tonight? You gotta start with Jamal Murray. I mean that was the game they needed from him in this series, in this exact moment. It was his best playoff game since the bubble.


The Clippers looked tired though. The Clippers looked, I don't know if it was Elevation or they just hadn't had enough rest, but they looked like they were slower to the basketball. They looked old. And you sort of alluded to it, bill James Harden did not look very good. I think the headline's gotta be Jamal Murray, but there is a little bit of an underwhelming current from these Los Angeles Clippers to me. Well, if you said before the game, Jamal Murray is gonna have his best game of the playoffs and his best game in a while. And also Russell Westbrook's gonna come off the bench and score 21 points in 23 minutes. I would've said, uhoh, the Clippers are in trouble, but I'm with you. They look slow to the ball.


Yeah, there is a moment in the fourth quarter for about four or five minutes where they looked like they did earlier in the series. But other than that, I, the hardened thing, I, it is just dumbfounding. I can't, you know, he's, he's now in his mid thirties. He was in the 2008 draft, 2009 draft, I can't even remember. And it's just been such a huge part of his, his resume, his career, how we're gonna remember him 30 years from now is like this amazing player. And just over and over again, it wasn't quite there in the playoffs. They really needed a big James Harden game. Either last game or this game. One of those two. Does he have it in him anymore? Maybe we're, are we expecting too much? Because I voted for him for 13 mile oh NBA this year.


I thought maybe, you know, one of the first five games he could, he could own, I guess not Now. Three of nine tonight. I mean, players that shot more than him Ach had 15 shots. Kauai had 15 shots. Norm Powell had 12 shots. Bogdanovich had 11 shots. Three of nine Bill. And then, okay, maybe he's getting it done with the Dimes. No, barely had five assists. A lot of those were later in the game. I was just, no, I'm ready to say if it's a big game like a Game five and a big series like this, I just, I'm almost more expecting of this kind of performance from him at this point. Right. Which is a sad, so I don't think we're ever gonna see it Now. Maybe he, we, we get another chance here in game six or game seven and he tells me, you know, I'm wrong with the performance that that just turns back the clock.


But this was just a complete no-show from a guy who's had a bunch of no-shows over the last 10 years in big moments like this. Yeah, I did a, I did a rare tweet. I tweeted that they had him guarding Yage in the second half so we could remember that he was in the game because it was too hard to to tell they're built so that they could survive kind of an offensive no-show game from Harden. Yeah. The problem for them was Denver. Denver went up a notch. They kind of stayed the same. Denver got Westbrook back, which was huge for them because that was just 23 extra minutes from a bench guy. They played Jordan A. Little bit more. I'm with you. Maybe the elevation going against an older team helped a tiny bit.


But then, you know, I start thinking about some of the stuff I used to write about back when my fingers worked. And this is a Equippers team that has just been snake bitten really since they moved to Southern California. And that loss, they had game four where they fought all the way back and then they lose on an AlleyOOP where the ball seemed like it was touching the tip of Aaron Gordon's fingers. And it ends up counting 'cause they couldn't overrule it. And that loss was so devastating. I'm watching the game tonight. I'm like, man, maybe that, maybe that beat the fight outta them a little bit. I don't know. This is a team that was supposed to be one of the best defenses in the playoffs. One of the best defensive rebounding teams in the playoffs.


The stat that I kept going back to is I think they ranked first in defensive rebounding percentage all year long. And then in this playoffs they ranked 15 outta 16 in that category. Some of that is, is because of Yoic, but this is also a defense when Jamal Murray gets going, you'd think Kawhi Leonard or Chris Dunn or some combination of Ty schemes could do it and they just didn't have the fight tonight at all. Yeah. And I don't know what, how many points did the Clippers end up with? 1 31 Bill Simmons. The Nuggets. Yeah, sorry. The nuggets ended up with 1 31 bill and that's just, to me, that's a dumb guy stat. But that's what you need to know. You're not gonna win a lot of playoff games. Right. If you give up 131 points.


So this is a proud defense that just laid an egg tonight. Yeah. And you think like big picture with the Clippers, it's, it's never easy with them in a playoff series and the history of their franchise since they moved to Southern California, they'd never won a playoff game series in four, four or five games ever. Yeah. Like think about how impossible that is. That's Crazy. They had the 2021 where Kauai is averaging 30 a game and looking like the, one of the best guys in the league. He gets hurt, they end up losing the Western finals. The only time they ever made it. They blew the three one lead to Denver in 2020. They blew that 19 point lead to the Rockets in 2015 when they had a chance to close and go to the West finals.


They blew that OKC series in 2014. And Chris Paul, the Point, God just completely fell apart in game game five when they could have had a lead coming back to Clippers that had that 2006 against the sons when they put in Daniel Ewing and he fouled Ra Bell on a three and the sons end up winning an ot. This is just a legacy of this team. And if you talk to any of their fans, they, they, it's almost a little like Junior Red Sox hitch. Yeah. Before 2004. They build the hopes up. They, they convince themselves this is the year and then they get kicked in the nuts. I still think they could win game six. What's a little scary is that Yoki didn't put a lot of miles on himself tonight.


No. Murray carried everything. Westbrook carried some, they were able to rest him and he could just snap his fingers in game six and dominate them like he did in game four. It's looking bleak for the Clippers. I, I might have been wrong on this series, Kirk. I'm bumped. I was wrong too. I, I remember, but I was like very scared coming into the playoffs. 'cause I was like looking at this Clippers team. They have that history just mentioned, but then they have James Harden, Kawhi Leonard and Ben Simmons, who by the way, Yeah. Enough what, enough what A beautiful shot tonight He had, he got to the, the just inside the paint. He, he, he rises up for that little half hook and he almost hit the rim. God bless him. It Was to the left of the basket.


It was, he shot it at 10 30 at night on a clock. It just was diagonal to the left. It was rough. But on Verna's podcast like three weeks ago when all the trends that I look at throughout the year are pointing to the Clippers are the best analytic team closing the season. And I, except they're the Clippers. Except they're the Clippers. And I was like, I'm not gonna know what to do. I picked them to win this series in seven games too. I now would, I wish I could switch it. They just, they just haven't been there. And I, I think they could win game six but I just didn't unless they completely reinvent themselves for a game seven, what we saw in Denver.


Tonight's not gonna get it done, obviously. Yeah. But I mean the counter is, they have been there. Kauai has been the finals MVP in two different cities. Harden's been in the playoffs for his entire career. Derek Jones was in the finals last year. Norm Powell has been in big playoff games. Ty Lou coached in the finals a bunch of times. Van Gundy was in big games. Derek Jones was in the finals last year. Yeah. Yeah. This is about as experience of a, of a random team as you're gonna get. They don't have the best part in the series, which is a problem and they're just trying everything possible to mess with them. But I think the, the, the best thing that happened to the nuggets in this series, other than Jamal Murray seems to be getting get better as it's going along. Christian Brown's doing it really seems like he's in hard its head a little bit.


He just, he's low to the ground and seems to have a sense of that Herky jerky style that Harden has. And he is kind of, he's doing the defensive herky jerky version of it and he is moving back and forth with it. And I, I think Harden's just having a lot of trouble going by him. Yeah. And game four in the fourth quarter, I think 'cause Brown was tired. Harden started going by him in the fourth quarter, but I think it might've been tired legs more anything. But Brown seems really confident against him. Yeah. I think if we say there's Harden Leonard in one corner and then you have Yoki Shamar in the other corner, the second tier guys, the, the Brown and Aaron Gordon obviously Yeah. Have been great. Those like guy number three and guy number four.


Those have been the Nuggets. Guys that have gone. Christian Brown hit that huge three I thought to end the third quarter in this game, which really set the tone. He is really an emotional leader. That's sort of a, a big thing for him. And you mentioned earlier Russell Westbrook getting a performance like that too is just a huge gift. And, and another reason they put 'em over the top tonight. Did Denver watching them these last five games and especially game four, game five, did it change your opinion at all about whether they could actually throw some haymakers at OKC? The defense is still a big red flag to me. The defense is, I don't know if they're gonna keep up with the Oklahoma City Thunder if they play them in the next round.


So I I still think that's their Achilles heel. I don't think they'll be able to hold up on that end of the court against that young ferocious deep team with so much rest and so much energy coming into that series. So they've won me over with this, this, this, this starting five. The Murray Yoki Porter who has come around in this series, it feels like, like he's, He did after a Game one no show. Yeah. And getting called out kind of, I mean by, by the Joker. But that, that starting group I think can hang where I have trouble. Bill is below that line where the thunder are just right. They almost have a second starting five.


And this team has, you know, Russell Westbrook and Deandre Jordan O KC versus Denver. If that's what we end up with, it's an MVP battle too, which is always fun. Oh, that's great. Great. And it's a, it's a big, big hartenstein test. That's why they got that guy. Well and also Denver got rid of Hartenstein. Yeah. James Harden. Man, I, I don't know, I had a couple people in my life who are like, why are you so high on the Clippers? They have James Harden. I'm like, no, James Harden was good this year. It's like, it's different This time. He's James hard. I know. Yeah. It's a different dude. It's like, no, this time is different. I'm the one for Kim Kardashian. She told me this is it, it's gonna work out this time for her that she's gonna live happily ever after.


We'll see what happens Thursday night, I'm going, the crowd would be great. We're due for, if you had to pick a seven game series out of the available choices, which are probably this one Golden State Houston. Even though Golden State's up three one Minnesota and the Lakers, which will be three, two after tomorrow. And when the Lakers shoots 68 free throws or Detroit versus the Knicks, who would you go for a seven Gamer? 'cause we're getting one game. That's just the rule. I, I feel like Detroit needs, they need to win one of these games. They had a tough weekend back home in, in Michigan. I think they're gonna win Game six back at Little Caesars. You wanna talk about that game?


Yeah. I thought it was a great game. You know, New York is fortunate that there wasn't a late foul call at the end of Sunday's game. Yes they were. But they've been playing with fire in this series and they've been getting away with it. I think, you know, they had a poorly timed injury here at the end of this game. But you know, the Pistons have been ahead Bill in every fourth quarter of this series. I think in game one. They weren't ready for the smoke of the, of the moment. But since then, these games all could have gone either way to an extent. And, and I think tonight, Cade Cunningham, they played better pick and roll offense than, than the, the New York Knicks.


And they took it to him and I, I'm not shocked, but I was impressed. 25, 10 and 10 for Cade. Seven turnovers spent an extra three turnovers a game for him. 'cause he is the boss so much. But the stat that jumped out to me, Detroit seven for 29 from three and they went on the road. That's really hard to do. Yeah. The, the Knicks 15 for 33 from three. So they were plus eight on threes. Right. And they lost at home. But the key to this game, so Detroit, they shoot eight for 29 from three.


No surprise they've not exactly, if Beasley's not going, not exactly like an awesome 3.2, but the Knicks nine for 25 from three. Right. So yeah, red flag number one, red flag number two, Brunson four for 16. And it's hard to tell a her sometimes you can do like he got hurt in game four and he came back and you get the adrenaline 20 minutes before your, your ankle starts to feel even worse than it did. He definitely looked hobbled around. He goes out at some point probably like, what, three, four minutes left in the fourth quarter. Then Tibs has a chance to put him and heart back in and doesn't use his last time out. Right. And those guys are just standing there for a minute and a half.


One of many bizarre tips, coaching decisions. But I I what you said before about the quarters, this series has been even for a week and a half and Detroit, they, they take the leads early in these games or they're close, they hold like they, they're never like having really swoons their defense and their rebounding has always been able to keep them around. And Cade's been, you know, the most consistently good player in the series. I don't if, if I'm a Knicks fan now, I'm just putting Miles, even if I get through the series, I'm just putting miles on my guys who already see Moren down with the Celtics just getting rest and waiting. But do you think they, like who do you think wins a game six between these two teams based on what you've seen?


I think it's gonna be a hard task for the next Detroit played better basketball tonight. You know, I think the play that sealed it for Detroit in my mind, one of the most beautiful passes the playoffs, but, but Detroit just picked apart the Knicks in the pick and roll game. Yeah. Ja, Jalen Durran is growing up in front of us. This kid, he's a monster in person. If you haven't seen him, it's just like one of these guys. It's just a different size than everybody else. One of the great rebounders in these playoffs. But I think like there was a pick and roll near the end and you know, the, the nick sent two towards K who ended up at the right elbow and who was it who snuck into the dunks? A Sar Thompson who also played a great game.


He Was awesome today. Yeah. Sneaks. Yeah. Cat falls asleep and Cade throws that pass a rocket pass right into the dunker and, and o finishes it and it was, it wasn't quite curtains 'cause the Knicks made some shots, but that was just a, I think really emblematic of a bread and butter play where the, the Cade Cunningham pick and roll with Duren. Sometimes it was Paul Reed is just basic basketball. And it looks better, especially with a ho a hobbled brunson than what the Knicks were able to counter with. So I think the Pistons have a very good defense. They're very young and motivated to win this game.


Six at home and the fundamental basketball they're playing right now. And one other thing is like, you talk a lot about tips coaching. I know that, can we post up Carl Towns on Tobias Harris please? He, he, He just dominates him when they do it. It's like they're, it's like they're afraid he's gonna get offensive fouls or something. I can't think of another reason. I have no idea. But every time they do it, it's like there's no answer. Tobias Harris has no chance. They did. Well, you know, my rule, Kirk Goldsberry, what if you do, if you do something and the defense completely overreacts and doubles it because they don't have an answer for it, maybe do it again. Yeah. Give it a whirl. That might be a sign that it, that it's something to do. Particularly if Jalen Brunson is, is is playing on one foot.


I don't know what his injury is. I'm not, I'm not speaking out of turn here. But if, if your star is hurt, you have this other guy, this other bread and butter action you could increase. And, and if, if it's gonna be Tobias Harris defending Carl Towns on the block, dude, make them pay for that Go old school. Yeah. You know, and I, I haven't seen enough of that. And those adjustments from tips, I thought the Knicks were gonna win in five. It seemed like they were gonna win in five tonight. And then Detroit had other ideas. I just continued to be underwhelmed by the Knicks. And I know now people could say, no Brunson's hurt. Like, well, everybody on that team plays huge minutes.


The more minutes you play, the odds are gonna increase that you're gonna have an injury. It's just the way it goes. But in general, like, I don't know. They did, like, I'm not afraid of them. I'm way, I I said this before the playoffs, I, I'll say it again. I was way more afraid of playing Indiana than the Knicks. I think Indiana knows who they are. I think they have an identity and the Knicks not sure what their identity is. It's a lot of Brunson, it's a lot of standing around. They can have these little spurts. Towns can get hot every once in a while. Sometimes their wings look awesome. Other times I forget they're out there for all the quote unquote awesome defense that their wings were supposed to, to bring like over and over again.


You see guys get the kind of shots and plays they want. Like Cade you would think, like with Bridges in Nano, it's like we should be able to shut down Kate or limit him or whatever. And then, you know, I I don't think that's happened. No. And a lot of it has to do with CJ able to get the switches he wanted. I I get it, but I just don't, the balance of the team just doesn't seem right to me. And I felt that way for a while. Yeah. There's two things. The interior defense with towns, when they made the town steel, that was always the red flag to me. Are we really gonna see a playoff defense anchored with Carl Anthony Towns? And as I said at this key moment, you know, it's, it's not his fault, but that's who you're relying on to be your your room protector. And he's, he's not always great at that. And then the other thing is, sometimes the offense looks like crap and there's, there's multiple possessions and big moments where it's just brunson pounding the air outta the ball and everybody else standing around and there's either gonna be a foul or some kind of fade away and nobody else is gonna touch the basketball.


And I hate that. I hate watching it. Yeah. And I'm sure the, the players playing alongside. It's just not, I don't think the fans like it either. You can feel like there's a weird energy from these Knicks games. The crowds were way better last year. I think this year there's a nervous energy and you could feel the frustration. It's coming through the tv. Yeah, the pick and roll game too. It's like they only scored 27 points in the pick and roll game and, and, and the Pistons doubled 'em up in that category again. Cade Cunningham, it's a lot of people's introduction to him, but you know, there's a danger because if they do win in Detroit, look out. Look out Bill. If the Pistons win, If the Pistons win in Detroit look out. Well so that game's gonna be win.


Is that a Thursday game? That is, yeah. I Don't know. I feel like March madness that that's not great for Knicks. Right? That's, that's two games later And Brunson's hobbing around and Har got her at the end of that game and they have no bench to begin with And dude That's such an under the, they are young. That's such an underrated part of this. Like Cleveland getting out in four games and the SE LKC get Yeah the se getting out there today. The se punted on holiday for the series and kept their fingers crossed that he could get healed and they got out of it. Yeah. And they just need all that treatment. Some cold plunges, you know. Yeah. All that rest. And these other teams are be flying back and forth, putting more miles on their bodies, twisted ankles.


It's such an underrated part of this. So it was good that Boston emerged relatively unscathed from that Orlando series. But you Well I wanna talk about that. Let's take a quick break and we'll talk Boston, Orlando,


hey it's NBA playoff time. Get in on the action with FanDuel Sportsbook, our friends. America's number one Sportsbook. You think you know it's gonna go down. Well check out Wednesdays because you can make those predictions count with a hump day parlay profit boost, weekly parlay specials tied to top point scores, double doubles, whatever you want. I'm also gonna be doing a little special gimmick that you can find on FanDuel Sportsbook where you can tail or fade me. I'm gonna release my prop on Wednesday for the Lakers Timberwolves game. And I think it's gonna be LeBron over under rebounds. 'cause I like the over, I think it's not now, but you can tail me on that. Or you can go against me. You can have either choice. Choose your own adventure. Don't be a spectator during this awesome NBA postseason. Head to fle.com/bs and download America's number one sports book can make every moment more. You can do hump day bets. You can do my little Taylor fade bet you Must be 21 plus in President select states or 18 plus in prison in DC Opt-in required bonus issued as non withdrawal profit Boost tokens restrictions apply including any token expiration of max wager amount C terms@sportsbook.fando.com. Give a problem, call 100 GAMBLER visit rg help do com.


This episode is brought to you by degree Original. Cool Rush deodorant. Remember last year people got really bad when degree changed their cool rush formula. One dude even started a petition. What was up with that guy? Well guess what degree listened. They admitted they messed up. They're bringing back the original cool rush scent. And thank God you've gotta live with a brand can own its mistakes. And it's in Walmart, target and other stores right now for under $4. Grab some, find out why it'd been the number one men's antiperspirant for the last decade. By the way you should put that on. Especially, we're about to hit the summer, it's getting sweaty in the summers, the original degree Cool rushes back and it smells like victory for all of us.


So Boston, Orlando, I was expecting a little bit more of a slug fest. It was a weird game. It was close, it was close, it was close. Pagon foul trouble. And then the Seltz went on one of those runs that they had a lot last year. They've had 'em intermittently this year, but more on the road than at home weirdly. But they'll just have these third quarters or second quarters, whatever, where they'll just go on these like 28 to five runs and guys are hitting threes and they just put the game away in five minutes, which is what happened. I will say, and I know I talk about Tatum a lot on this podcast and people are probably tired of it, but he, he's just Tatum's just been awesome. Yeah. And there's, there's an edge to him that he just didn't have last year.


And I, I think a lot of it comes from Missoula. I think Missoula spends a lot of time talking to him, talking in his ear, motivating him, pushing him, pushing him to be bully, pushing to be tougher. Even that play when he got knocked down, when he got hurt in game two or game one and Missoula's like get up, get up. Like he's just, he's just constantly trying to make him a beast. And you see it in these games. Like he's carrying himself down. He is got this little half sneer He does sometimes. Yeah. I just think he's been awesome in these games. Is the new Risk thing, is the new wrist thing that he is doing related to the injury? Is it like a, a celebration of overcoming the wrist injury? Is that what he is doing? It feels like you try to break my wrist but it's still here.


Like one of those type of things. But that's new. I like that too. Yeah. But that, the thing is Orlando can't shoot and you know the, they were the over under for them winning a game in this series was probably 0.5. They won their game. Yeah. But they just cannot, they can't shoot. There was that as it was slip away in the third quarter. Franz took a three and it went like over the backboard and hit the over the rim and hit the other side of the backboard. It was one of those bricks. Yeah. And it was just like, that's it. That's the highlight. You need to know Eight of 38 from three for the Orlando magic. There's a couple of teams in the playoffs like Houston I think we, we'd fairly characterize is there they're have trouble scoring the ball. Yeah. But Orlando's gonna definitely have trouble shooting the basketball.


And then the other thing I like is Orlando does play phenomenal defense. And for a long time the Celtics I think had no threes deep into the second quarter in this game. No, they didn't. They didn't have a three in the first, in the first half. Yeah. I was trying to go back between these two games and it was, it was pretty incredible. Like, so shout out to them. They, they, they do some good stuff and they force you into these isolation modes and that's where t Tatum really shined I thought. And I know sometimes the Celtics are at their worst in those isolation moments. Yeah. But Tatum can get buckets in those moments. And they actually, if you look at the advanced stuff tonight, they really dominated in that isolation category. And duh, that's Jason Tatum.


But you know, it was 59, 58 to your point with six minutes left in the third quarter. And then I don't know what the final score was. I guess it ends up being one 20 to 89. So They, they were 36 to 13 in the third quarter. Hey, you know, I think the Celtics organization has been really impressed with Orlando and I think there's a sense of relief that that team wasn't healthier this year. That that team was probably the third best team in the east. If you just, you know, you think like Palo goes down for a while, Franz goes down for a while. Suggs goes down for 60, 65% of the year.


But that team is really tough. They're not afraid of the se they match up on the wings with Brown and, and Tatum at least physically they rebound. They had a couple playoff guys that weren't afraid to close on you. And I think if they just had a healthy team all year, I think that team would've been really good. And looking forward, like we were joking with Sir Rudy about you gotta side tide, sign Tide, Jerome, Bobby Marks had a tweet where he tweeted where they were sitting going into the summer. They've kind of paid the piper already with some of their moves. They're like over I think 200 million with their salaries right now. 'cause Palo already kicked in Franz, you know, they paid KCP going down the line.


Like they're, they're spending actual money now. And I don't th this is kind of the team. So their best move is gonna be can Suggs come back, be healthy and then can Anthony Black make a leap? I think, And Franz needs to develop the jump shot. And there's been some aggression there. You mentioned this, there's the hitch in the shot. It's not great, but if they can get healthy Mo Wagner, Jalen Suggs, you know, I'm not gonna put 'em in the class of the Celtics or the calves, but I like where you have three, It could be Indiana three, four, They could replace Milwaukee in that 3, 4, 5 tier. Yeah. And they, they might have been there this year if they had just been healthy. You, you alluded to it, there are three best guys all missed significant time and they ended up at the seventh spot and won a game against the Champs.


It's, it's, it's just like the rung on the ladder this organization is at right now. And I think they, they should expect to be a little bit higher next year for sure. Well the Souths definitely respected them because they brought Tatu back. They probably should have waited one more game and they felt like they couldn't and then they tried to roll the dice with, with not playing Drew and hope that he could be healthy for the Nick series. Now he gets more time. But with the way the Knicks look, that second round series might not be as maybe grueling as as you thought the team you wouldn't wanna play is Indiana. You're confident, you're confident. I mean the way the Knicks look, the, the way the Celtic set look for the last almost two years. Like I I, they, they have to be like pretty heavy, heavy favorites to advance to round three.


Indiana had an incredible comeback against Milwaukee that I wasn't surprised by even when they were down seven with 45 seconds left. I had Indian money line and a bet and I was like, I'm not giving up. I feel like they might make a three. I didn't expect them to win. I thought maybe they had a chance to force another overtime. But, but Halliburton and I'm text, I have a friend who, who's a big Halliburton person and I was texting midway through the fourth quarter. I'm like, typical fucking Halliburton. Like god forbid he takes over and does anything. And then he took over. Yeah. And then some like down the stretch in the fourth quarter, it's almost like he forgets sometimes that he could just go right by people.


And what was, what was interesting about the end of the fourth quarter in the ot, he went by Giannis. He cooked Giannis, I'm gonna say three or four times and nobody, I, you don't normally see somebody do that to Giannis. I wa including for the game winning shot. I was stunned. Were you surprised by that? Yeah, I said, I said out loud, good luck with that for the game winner. 'cause he is like, he's iso on the left wing against Giannis and he is like, I'm gonna take this to the rack. I like, that's crazy. He did it multiple times. Yeah, good luck. And he did it in that exact moment. I was surprised. We have to go through the seven point lead in 40 seconds. So AJ Green misses a free throw.


Mhar uses like a a miles turner screen and Giannis, this is his fault. He's in drop coverage. So Mhar just rises up and chooses a 28 footer. Okay. So four foot, four point game timeout. Here comes the first big blunder, AJ Green inbounds and Trent gets trapped, anticipates a foul, it didn't come and just throws a bad pass. Emhart picks it off. Pacer's pretty patient then. Then we get the first big Halliburton play, the three point play that cuts it to one Yeah. Timeout. And then this is one of the most depressing plays in NBA history. The, the trend through the legs. Oh Dude, I Don't want to, I don't wanna tell you what it reminded me of Bill.


'cause it'll trigger Young Buck. Yeah, I thought I thought Buckner. No, don't worry. I I thought it all right. As long as as, yeah. So Dude, I mean the dude had had, he hadn't had 30 points all year and he hadn't had eight threes all year and he did it twice in three games. Trent. Right. He's, he literally carried them down the stretch and then had two boneheaded plays that cost them the season basically. Yeah. I did a, a rare tweet myself. I said, you know, overtime score Indiana eight, Gary Trent 12 because the, it it looked like with one minute left in this, in this game. Like Gary Trent had just saved the buck season. I feel like we were, He took 25 shots. Kirk. Yeah. He became the second biggest player in Milwaukee after, you know, after the dam injury.


And, and he felt, yeah, he made huge three after huge three and then these two mammoth turnovers just a cruel, cruel ends to their season and potentially Bill Wow. The the Giannis tecum tembo era. There's a lot of interesting stuff both from watching the game and the box score. Yeah. Lopez seven minutes. 12. So Doc basically bailed on Kuzma, who is somebody they traded Middleton for Beloved Buck to get under the salary cap. They gave up AJ Johnson, who's some NBA people kind of like, and there's some swap think in 28 that, that they gave up as well.


And well it took Doc Rivers about four games to get tired of Kyle Uzma. Giannis leaves a 30 20 13 on the court, including 18 defensive rebounds. And the game ends with him getting burned by Hal Burton and then taunted by Hall Burton's dad who just looked deranged. I didn't understand what was happening. I was, and I can't believe Giannis had the restraint. But then Giannis is saying good, saying good game to Ben Mathen. And now he's like doing the Fredo Michael Corleone cup to the head, like, and just looked like he was gonna, everyone was talking about this a hundred guys against a grill. It, it seemed like it was gonna be a hundred Pacers versus Giannis at one point.


The art test Bele too. Dude, what Happened? What happened with the Yeah, I have no idea where to start with what happened after the game from, from the Halliburton dad incident to the Mathre hug that turns into a shove and I've never seen Any The hho, yeah. Yeah. It was, it was very Strange. I think Jannis was so mad at, and you know, Giannis does a good job in the press conferences of being like, you know, I try to be humble and blah blah blah, but Giannis is a fucking badass man. He gets mad, he this Oh yeah. Like the switch can go off with him. And I was, I really felt like there was gonna be a massive belay at the end, which would've been bizarre. There's some, there's some troubling end of game stuff where he's, he's a very competitive guy and he is lost his school.


Do you remember early in his career he, he tackled Mike Dunlevy. Right? Remember that, remember that other time when he went Mike the ball, it was Mike Dunlevy Jr. That other time when he grabbed the ball from Indiana that started this whole Yeah. So he gets a little feisty. Yeah. And I was, I I was worried. And it, it also evokes and, and sort of to give some pacers a little bit of credit and some shine here. It evokes like these incredible Reggie Miller moments from that franchise's history where they have, oh my god, what? So they just got another one of these. Like what was you did the 30 for 30, was it eight points, nine seconds? What? That was one. Yeah, he had a bunch of them. No, Yeah, but the, the, yeah, the seven seven point comeback eight oh run in, in, in 34 seconds is just unbelievable from the Pacer's perspective too.


Also in that building, which I know you've probably been there for a game, right? Fair game. It's, it's that and the Clippers arena are the two best arenas and just cool that that happened right there. I thought Nesmith, you know, you look at the minutes and it's not really an accident. Halbert and Kom, MHAR, Nesmith and Turner just all playing huge minutes. Four of those guys were over 40. He switched a rotation a little. So math and McConnell basically just come in for these little eight, nine minute stretches. That's it. Some topping not that much. But I think when we go to this next round and I, I continue to, to think that they have a real chance against Cleveland to at least take it six or seven and throw some, throw some punches at them.


But this Halburn piece, he, when he realizes he can get to the rim Yeah. Who's stopping him on Cleveland? Like this is a good matchup for him. Yeah. They don't really have like a good defender to throw at him. I don't know. I I just think they can hang in this series. They're gonna score points. I think the frontline of, of, of the Cavs will, will have something to say between Mobley and Alan. And, and I like, you know, Deandre Hunter, I like, you know, Ty Jerome obviously deserves some, some credit, but I think can we do a little bit more on Milwaukee?


Like you look at this team? Yeah. Let's say, let's, can we do one more thing on Indiana and then let's do more Yeah, Yeah, yeah. Go go ahead. What do you think the line is for Indiana? Cleveland, Indiana. Cleveland. Cleveland minus 200. Yeah. Cleveland minus four 80. Oh dang. Yeah. I'm telling you that. Nobody's respecting the Pacers. All right, let's move to Milwaukee because that did feel like I sometimes you, you have a feeling when it's a guy's last game for a team. I remember LeBron in 2010. Yeah. Leaving Boston in a very strange last game in general by him, but then taken off his jersey right at the end and it, there's something some he just felt like, oh man, this is probably not ending.


Well the honest thing ended a little differently. It almost ended with a melee. But I'd find it hard to believe he's gonna be a buck next year. I don't see it. And, and I was listening to Rob Maho and Zach who were great the other day and, and I'll stack on their point. Can you blame him? Look at what's happened around him at this franchise? Yeah. Since they won it all, they've sort of taken the car apart piece by piece and he's really all that's left. Like Lopez is there, Portis is there, but Middleton and Holiday are gone, you know, bud is obviously gone. And what we see there is, you know, Chris Middleton for Kyle Kuzma, are you kidding me?


And Kuzma iss not even playing in these games. Played 13 minutes was two five Lopez. I was, I did the was Mahoney trade Deadline Pod and I was on the record adamantly, I did not see the Cosman thing at all. 'cause he, he hadn't played a meaningful basketball minute or a good basketball minute for like a year. Right. Since he was at Disney World in the pandemic. Yeah. But yeah, I think, can you blame him I think is what Mahoney was saying. And, and, and I think it's fair. Like he got them a title Damien and Can I blame him a little bit For leaving? No, for one to leave. You can, I mean can, Can we blame him a little? Because they did that JR holiday trade for Dame Lillard because they were feeling some pressure with him to do something because they weren't sure if he wanted stay or not.


And that was, I thought it was a panic trade when it happened. I was in the minority. But they gave up swaps in 28 30. They gave up their 29 first they gave up Grayson Allen who was had some, you know, at least was a bigger contract they could put in a deal. And when you think about it, they kind of shot their asset wad with Damon Giannis that I just never believed that made them like a favorite in the East. I I thought it was a little bit of a Hail Mary. And were they, would they have been better off keeping Drew maybe using those picks with Grace now and Chris Middleton, whoever and China add another piece to the foundation? I mean, in retrospect. Yes. I'll always remember I was at the Grant Williams game in Boston.


I don't know if you were there. I was, Zach was talking about it the other day. It rem it's like a sliding doors moment. Right. Because I remember talking to everybody being like, man it feels like we're gonna be watching these two teams play for this Eastern Conference championship for A long time. Right. For all, all decade. Yeah. And then this team is just, and that's why I think it's an interesting ma macroscopic study. Like you can talk about this collapse in the last 34 seconds here, but really this is a collapse that's three or four years long and just goes to speak to the importance of ownership transactions roster building. But dude, yeah, I thought that Giannis and Milwaukee were going to be a big time factor for a huge part of the 2020s and they simply haven't been since that Grant Williams game.


Well it starts with the Drew, the original Drew holiday trade, which helped win them the title Right. But also included their 24 and 26 first and swaps in 25 at 27 plus the George Hill bl. So contracts that they kind of were trying to get off of as part of the trade. But they're playing catchup, they're playing asset catchup after that. Yeah. And they not made any good draft picks Bill. No. During this, this crucial time where even if you get somebody like Dalton Connect or Corey Joseph, like when the Spurs were picking at the Derrick White, we would always pick, well at the end of the Deonte Murray, you gotta get those picks to keep the, the momentum going to add role players.


And they just haven't been able to find anybody in the draft. They have AJ Johnson, Tyler Smith, Chris Livingston, amp, Isaiah, Todd, rj Hampton, Jordan Wara, like nothing that's their 2020s draft history. So it's just, they haven't been able to build from the draft either. And that's a huge reason why this roster's so thin too. Well The red flag was when Lazar the co-owner, he finished his managing partner thing and then he is like, I'm outta here. And he sold this stake to the Browns owner. I was like, that's curious. And it was like, you know, he was like 2008, the big short, he knew it was coming.


Where do you want Giannis to go? Oh well if San Antonio is an Option, just as a basketball fan, where do you want him to go? I mean I will, I again hand up. I'm very biased like you are with the Celtics. I will say the San Antonio Spurs, I think it would be a really perfect pairing. Evoking the Great Duncan Tim Robinson era or David Robinson, Tim Duncan era. Tim Robinson, Netflix comedian Tim, Tim Robinson. Dude, I, I saw his his new age. It's hilarious. 24 movie. What is that called? But anyway, I think that's, what about you San Antonio is the high upside holy shit. Like Galaxy Brain explosion and they have the assets right to do it.


Yeah. But that's, that would be the one that I think made everybody go, oh no, what's that gonna look like? I think that's a pretty weird fit in some ways offensively, but in other ways. The fact that Weby wants to be 25 feet from the basket. Yeah. And Giannis should probably be playing closer to the basket. Maybe that fits, but defensively that sounds like an all time nightmare from how are you gonna attack the room against those two guys? You might as well. Yeah, I think gonna Jack threes It's just like David Robinson and Tim Duncan 20 years ago. Yeah, it's, it's, it's, that's why I love it. It's a fantasy of mine. Realistically. I don't, I don't know if that's a a possibility. Have you thought about it? Other destinations?


Yeah, I mean Risso and I talked about a little on Sunday just like the obvious one's Houston. 'cause they have the, the problem for Milwaukee is they don't really have their picks. So it's not like they, you know, it's not like it makes sense for them to tank. 'cause what are they tanking for? They don't have their picks to tank for. So what makes more sense is like them doing a two for one and a three for one and getting a couple assets back with that. So that's, that's the Rockets basically. That's one that I think you're probably trying to get some sort of big piece. The Knicks are the other one that I think would be mildly intriguing if it was a towns bridges, Giannis going back with a contract, you know, you start doing that But there's been smoke around Miami and Giannis for years and He's in the same spot there that he is in with Milwaukee.


Miami sucks. I agree this, they just got an absolutely annihilated in the Cleveland series. They had their whole team. It's not like somebody's missing Again when Ernie Johnson at halftime is like, this is the worst basketball game I've ever seen. Yeah. We're not showing highlights. He's he's Saying that on air by the way. He is not saying that at the water cooler before they go to the segment. He's saying that on air. That's how bad it was. Yeah. Yeah. Well, we'll see. I don't, I don't think he's there next year though. It did feel like there was some sort of finale to it. But you never know what these guys like, the key to me is here to won the title. Yeah. So when you've already won, it's like, ah, I dunno, I like it here. But there's always been some, some Brooklyn buzz.


The problem like with a team like Brooklyn is can you give the assets back that actually makes it makes sense for Milwaukee who can't tank. You know what, what's the point of Milwaukee going 20 and 62 next year? If their pick is going somewhere else, They might not have a choice. We've seen that one before too, but yeah. What do You mean about Weby by the way? Anything? Oh, I, I think there he, his his, he he's on schedule return for, for next season. Great. I haven't heard anything specific medically, but he was caught playing soccer in Costa Rica on video. I don't know if you saw that Bill. It was, it was a very interesting video. It was like, yeah, I missed that video.


That sounds great. Hey, you gotta be deep onto the Spurs message boards to see these, these great Jesus videos of weby playing soccer. Do they rig the draft for Cooper flag for the Spurs like they did with Tim Duncan in 1997 or no? Well they just got two rookie of the years in a war in a row. So why not go for three? I mean, shout out to Stephen Castle. Stephen Castle for getting the, the, the rookie of the year. Not a great class, but I thought he was deserving. I don't think they're gonna rig the draft for, for the Spurs to get Cooper flag, but Dude Cooper, yeah, I'm gonna say that Cooper Flag can play. Dude, this guy's gonna change the fate of wherever he gets. This is another one of the biggest lotteries of the century.


Whoever gets that number one. Well the good thing is there's other good guys. Like even if you get the third or fourth pick in this right draft, you're gonna get somebody who's like, even the Edgecomb is like a real guy. Like if he, the Spurs got him and put him with Castle in all their wings, like that's an amazing outcome. Yeah. The Spurs have two picks. They're pretty excited about, I think most likely outcome is right. Eight and 14, something like that. Right. And and they could combine those and try to move up or they've drafted pretty well in the past Or they, or they send both of them to Milwaukee in the Autotrade or they send them not send Wendy, I mean talk about an international basketball team that's like the league's wet dream.


I know it's Gianni is the greatest international story they've ever had other than Hakeem. And, and Weby is gonna be the true galaxy face of the league. They're hoping four or five years from now. Unless Anthony Edwards takes that too. Who do you have in Minnesota? Lakers. You have to take Minnesota at this point. Okay. You know, JJ Reddick, I, I think, you know, there's two reasons. Depth and defense. The Lakers don't have much either. And I think the stat was that nobody has ever played all five dudes for the last 24 minutes of a playoff game. Right. And JJ just did that. That tells you something. Yeah. But Denver did the same thing on Saturday and it worked.


Right. And now we don't have to hear about it anymore. 'cause they won the game. JJ did it. I'm not defending jj. I, I don't understand why he would've paid Gabe Vincent for five minutes. He was, I feel okay with Gabe Vincent out there. I didn't get that. You'd like to think Jackson Hayes can do something, but Yeah, I dunno. I I think Minnesota just deserves credit. And, and I, the other thing is the defense, Los Angeles defense is not good enough. Jade McDaniels is exposing them on drives. Yeah. And no disrespect to Jade mcd. He is helping Minnesota win this series. But that goes to show that this is, this is not the Thunder Defense dude. This is not the Rockets defense, right? This is the Lakers defense. It's been a red flag for me for a while.


No Rim protection. No rim runner. Yeah, the rim just Not really involved. And, and Luca like has not been great on defense. And again, the Western Conference is unforgiving. You want to call it a weak link era of NBA basketball. Fine. We're hunting, matchups, whatever you wanna say. Anthony Edwards is just the best offensive player in the series right now. And on top of that, I think Minnesota has a better defense and more depth. So I'm taking Minnesota Bill. I I, I agree. I think there might be a free throw discrepancy tomorrow. Is it tomorrow?


I'm guessing it's tomorrow, but I'm going Tomorrow and I'm just gonna be laughing the whole time. You're Going to games. Back to back, huh? Oh yeah. Sports, sports guy. Basketball, playoff basketball. No, it's the best. Sadly it's gonna be over soon. Have you seen anything that makes you think it's not gonna be Boston O kc? I think Cleveland deserves a little more respect. And the Drew Holiday, hamstring injury. Bill Simmons. Not happy about it. Yeah, not great. So look, Cleveland, I think if Boston is, is limited somehow Cleveland is a very dangerous team. So Drew Holiday and Street closes my answer to that question. Have I seen anything that makes me think Boston might not get there if he comes back?


I love that dude. If Pingus is healthy, if Tatum is playing like this, Jalen Brown, Derek White, PEY, Peyton Pritchard, Joe Missoula, I think they deserve to be favorites coming out of the East. But Cleveland is shooting the shit out of the basketball. They've been a great team all year. They've won in Boston, if I'm not mistaken. No, Mitchell. Mitchell always does. Well. Good Celtics. They, so I, they're always good games. It'll be a good series. I'm pick in Boston, but I will not be shocked whether it's because Drew Holiday's limited, somebody else goes down that Cleveland wins the Eastern Conference. So I think that's, that's the case on the western side. OKC, again, clear favorite.


I don't see anybody in their class right now on the Western conference side. I don't either, but who knows with this Minnesota piece and who knows with Golden State? 'cause Golden State's love playing OKC forever. And you know, I'm not gonna, I'm just, I would, if I had to bet I would stick with my preseason OKC Boston. But I think Minnesota and Golden State and then the way Denver played tonight, who knows? All right, Kurt Goldsberry writing for The Ringer dot com. Pop it on our podcast. Always good to see you. Thank you Bill. Good to see you.


This episode is brought to you by the Wells Fargo Active Cash credit card. This is an ad for the active cash credit card from Wells Fargo. That's a mouthful, but that's because it packs a lot in Earn Unlimited 2% cash rewards on purchases with it big or small. So whether it's buying tickets to the game with your mom or grabbing a coffee with your dog, earn unlimited 2% cash rewards on purchases made with it. Say it with me. The active cash credit card from Wells Fargo. Learn more at wells fargo.com/active cash terms apply.


This episode is brought to you by Michelob Ultra. What do I look forward to every BA playoff season? Well, I'm always hoping the Celtics do well. I'm always hoping we have great storylines, great games, great matchups, great games sevens, I just hope for good basketball. But the NBA playoffs, they're even better with Michelob Bocher, the official beer partner of the nba. Plus they're getting fans closer to the game with a chance to win courtside tickets and more. Enter now at michelob bocher.com/courtside. Michelob belcher's peer access Courtside 2024 to 25 sweepstakes, no purchase necessary. Open to US residence 21 or older ends on July 1st, 2025, multiple entry periods. Visit mic low belcher.com/superior access slash courtside for free. Entry. Entry. Deadlines and official rules message and data rates may apply void where prohibited.


Alright, our friend Zach Lois here, we're taping this before the four Tuesday games, but also before the two Wednesday games. And it's an awesome doubleheader of Golden State Houston, Lakers T Wolves. I covered it on my pod on Sunday. You covered it on the Zach Lowe show on, on Monday. But we're here to talk about Draymond Green and then we can talk about those games at the tail end. Last week we did Kauai, we deep Dove. This week we're gonna do Draymond and we're gonna deep dive. You wrote about him I think two years ago, maybe right after the pool incident Many, many times. But yes, including, including taking that moment as a, Hey, wait a second, oh, let's take stock of this guy's warrior's career.


Which felt a little, a little like it was on shaky ground as the words were approaching, you know, the do we pay all of these guys, the young guys, the old guys, everybody. Can we do that? And if not, who's the casualty? It's felt, one of the things I was thinking about as we'd go into this, it's felt a couple times over the last three years that we might be at the end of the road with Draymond and the Warriors, right? And the pool punch was the first time, the second time was when are they gonna be able to figure out his contract or not? And then even this year when it didn't really seem like they had any moves and the question became, well, yeah, I, I mean maybe would Draymond be somebody that they might be trying to flip?


He's feels, I don't wanna say a thin ice, but it's felt a little rocky and now I feel the best about it that I've felt probably since the, the 22 finals. But even the 22 finals, he was getting yanked around. I don't think he looked particularly great. He looks great now. And this Curry Draymond thing is now officially over a decade. And there's something really unique and special about it that just continues to persevere. And you could feel it in that Houston game. It felt like the punch changed his standing within the Warriors. They've all, they've all acknowledged that like that that that was very hard for the team to get over. It was very hard for Jordan Poole to get over.


And then you follow it up with the suspensions, right? Like last season we get suspended for, I don't know how many games he, it was indefinitely after the Gobert incident and then the incident and then there was like the flirtation with Memphis in free agency that I think was at least semi real, you know, I, or the potential of it anyway. Yeah, I mean it's, but, but I always wrote, I mean, you know who's sad listening to this is the guy who signed with Dallas and free agency to play with Luca and make some spot up threes. And I always wrote that those three guys were, it was magic. Like it's why you play basketball to get that kind of level of feel and chemistry and just, you can do it with your eyes closed, you know where everyone's gonna be at all time.


That those three guys were meant to play together and should have played together forever. And at least two of them look like they are gonna play together forever in their NBA lives. It's the hardest thing to find in professional basketball now with the way guys move around with the way, now we have this first second apron. You know, I'm always thinking like, we had the last episode of Celtic City and it's built around Brown and Tatum and it's just like, I don't even know if it's sustainable to have two guys making a max once it gets into the sixties, seventies anymore. They, what Brown and Tatum have, I don't think remotely approaches the dream on Curry thing because those guys actually have figured out how to elevate each other, which I think is the last level when you're talking teammates, clay was in there too, but really Draymond, you could feel when Draymond wasn't in the game, what it meant to curry all the little pick and pops and handoffs and just that ESP that they had for each other.


I can't think of like this, the the, when I was growing up, they always talked about how the seventies Knicks had that, right? I think Bird and Mikhail kind of got there. I think Jordan and Pippin almost like defensively as athletes became so attuned, like they almost seemed like a pair after a while. It's really hard to get to and with Draymond, I feel I've always felt like there was gonna be a shelf life and it was gonna flame out and he was just being more and more erratic as his career went on. He had the podcast, he's becoming unlikeable in a lot of ways too. And then you watch like last night, it's like I was say, he almost got, he's almost ejected from like every third game. Yeah.


You're wait, you're just teetering on this balance beam with him and you know, he gets that first technical and then you instantly get the flashbacks to 2016 game four when I think I'll always think LeBron knew what, what he was doing. And I think it was a smart play. He tried to bait Draymond into retaliating knowing that one more anything. And Draymond was suspended for the next game. And by the way, if you're right and there's never good, maybe one day though LeBron will talk about this and, and try to make himself the protagonist of that one step ahead thing is Draymond has also tried to make himself the protagonist of like almost everything good that's happened for the warrior, including you mentioned the 2022 finals. The turning point for him was getting in jail and Brown's head that was like being physical with jail and Brown getting in his head.


They, oh my God, I knew we had him at that moment. I mean he said that, but if, if, if you turn out to be right about this LeBron thing, what attribute to Draymond Green's greatness actually that LeBron thought it was worth, it was worth getting him out of the series for a game, right? That he, that he respected him that much. But you mentioned all these prior teammate combinations and what's super interesting about this one is that we've seen like Tatum and Brown, you went Tatum and Brown and backwards to some of the historical ones. We've seen the, the game has been ruled by big men, like you mentioned McHale, low post guys, Shaq and Kobe. We can go on and on and Big Wings. These guys are in neither of those things and they're both totally unusual superstars or stars, whatever you wanna call Draymond in NBA history and almost archetypal players that are specifically archetypal to this era of three-point shooting, which Steph revolutionized and accelerated the development was gonna happen anyway and Draymond as the ultimate switch defender when more defenses were like, we just gotta try and switch everything because the shooting is so massively important and swing so many games.


And Draymond may not have a good sort of analog in the history of the NBA. Steph obviously has no analog in the history of the NBA and and Steph, Steph is is one of one, Draymond became this weird archetype where for about four or five years people searched the draft for, we gotta find someone like Draymond. Can we find our Draymond, could Grant Williams be our kind of Draymond Draymond Green is The funniest One. Yeah. And, and it, and it was, it's just so interesting that you go through those pairs of superstars and these two guys are just strange in terms of body type skillset and not, not only just strange but strange and meant to play in this era and meant to play together in this era.


Yeah. Like I remember he started playing when we were working together at Grantland and it was the early days of the five man lineups and the plus minus stuff really early, like primitive, like you're people are carving it out in stone. The the numbers trying to figure it out. We, we Don't on websites that are dead that are gone. Yeah. I just like you get, you get like a virus if you downloaded any of the websites. But there was some stuff with David Lee and it was one of the first times, because I remember that there was that grizzly season and I was on TV that year with Memphis where the Rudy gay lineups versus the non Rudy gay lineups To dark to dark time. The Rudy Gay remember that The Rudy Gay discourse Dark times. Well, but remember they trade him and everyone went nuts.


And the people who were actually like kind of studying this shit were like, eh, they might not miss him. And then he, they make the Western finals. But there was a similar thing going on with David Lee who had good stats, good counting stats. Hustled was the type of guy that in the old school way he'd be like, like that guy good jump hook. Like he does some good stuff. And he was a, you know, a good starter. David, poor Davidon David was in there and would, and, and the lineups took off Always the foil in this story. David Lee, a very good NBA player who could do a lot of good NBA things, including, you know, remember that finals when they started to go small against the Cavaliers and it was like a garbage time of the, of a game they were losing. And David Lee was like heavily involved.


Yeah. Yeah. Draymond, you know, was picked 35th in the draft Warriors picked him after they picked Fest in the same draft. So it's kind of like the old, you know, when I was, when I used to wax poetic to the Spurs about, you know, Mannu gin Noble's the greatest draft pick in the history of the NBA, you guys were such geniuses picking him at 50, whatever. And they would always tell me, well if we were such geniuses, why did we pick Gordon Guek? Like 25 spots higher in the same drafting, Right? That's the Tom Brady, they passed on him every round until the sixth round. Same thing. And it, And it's, it's the same with Azilie and Draymond, but maybe Draymond is the only one that expected anything even 50% as great as the career and impact he ended up having on a team that ended up being the absolute perfect place for him.


Why? He always had the confidence, right? So he won in high school and he won in college and then he came to the pros. He wasn't playing that much. And I remember I was on, I was on countdown, I, it might've been the 2013 season, we were talking about the Warriors in the playoff 2013 or 14. And we were talking about how nobody could shoot on the Warriors other than staff and Clay or, I forget what it was and I, I made some joke about you don't want Draymond throwing up Brex or something like that. And he came at me on Twitter and I was like, look at this guy who I kind of liked the feistiness. It was like, all right, that's cool. But he, he always kind of carried himself like, you guys don't realize how good I am yet. And then 2015, once Lee gets hurt and the rest is history.


But that's, I always think about luck with this stuff where you think, you know, they, they, it just became a story again recently about Bogot talking about the thing that I thought everybody knew that Milwaukee had the choice between Ellis and Curry and that trade and Curry's ankles were so, yeah. Are you, you, you're dubious of that one or you think No, I mean it's been, it's been whispered about for so long. I I can we ever really confirm it? I mean like who, who has anyone in the room in a public setting come out and confirmed it? I heard They gave them the choice. I I've I've heard story. I don't think Wake Will ever admitted it. Now was Lake even there at that point? He was right. Whoever the owners were.


Yep. Yeah, I, 'cause I think there was this real feeling that Curry's ankles were always gonna be an issue, you know, that, that this was never gonna be a thing that healed. So you, you get luck with that. You keep Curry, you get not only That, how about how about you get the discount on his first contract four years, 44 million or something like that, that allows you to do all this other stuff. That's luck Number two, luck number three is the Kevin Love trade, which is one of the most polarizing organizational, should we do this or not sagas probably ever to the point that they're asking people like us, what do you think we should, would you do this? Would you put, and that wouldn't that have been ultimately would that been David Lee with Clay and maybe even Draymond in that trade too?


I I never, I don't remember exactly what it was except that Clay was in it. I think I, I remember iterations being discussed with Clay and Harrison Barnes both in it. I don't remember exactly what it would've been other than it was a clear, like Clay was in the trade. It was like Splash Brothers, right? That was 100s or No Splash Brothers. And I think Kerr was one of those who was like, I think the shooting Kerr that we have is really Special. Jerry West, Jerry West was the ready to throw himself in front of the train tracks on that. It's like, we're not doing this. This is a bad move. Do you think he had like a winning time tantrum, like the guy in winning time, did he throw a chair through the glass window? Probably not. He always, he hated his portrayal. I know, I know. In winning time. And RIP to the logo, one of the best, one of the best Ever. Well now we have the half court logo, Ben Simmons.


Wow. He gets to the half court logo and he stops dribbling. But then the other, the other luck thing was, was the, the cap spike in 16 and all of these things come together and really the only unlucky break, I mean until 2019, the only unlucky break was that dream on, you know, punching LeBron in the balls. Have you watched that clip recently? I have. I have not. It is the most duby, I forgot how awful it was. I, I it's, it might be number one for me for the league stepping in and trying to push a narrative. It is awful. It's comes up, he kind of swing because LeBron's standing over him like they get caught up and he's just standing over him like a little almost baiting him and Draymond gets up and he kind of waves his hand and I just still can't believe that happened because if you remember from what's the score in that Bucks game?


No, no, I'm actually, I wanna, I'm, I'm trying to remember in my head the sequence of events from that series. So I'm looking up the game log. So I'm gonna, I'm gonna talk about, So I wanna talk about that game really quick. 'cause game four, when Draymond gets kicked outta or gets the flagrant at the end or whatever it was, they go into Cleveland, they're up to one in the series. It's probably one of my favorite five Warrior's games from that whole Cory era because they lay the smack down like Cleveland, they're toe to toe. They pulled away down the stretch, Pulled away down the stretch. And we, and we're leaving that game going, they definitely have the best team. This is gonna be what the greatest season in the history of the NBA and then the suspension happens in it. So I was at the game and I, I have this memory of doing something after the game with Jay Adonde maybe, I don't know why that would make sense.


And you know, when you're at these games, sometimes you're not looking at the video, the video feed like in detail. And none of us realized at the time exactly what had happened and put together what was possible. And now this is why I was looking back at it. So that was June 10th, 1 0 8 97 Warriors win. There were two days off until the next game in the Bay, June 13th. And I remember they took a while to rule on it because I went out to dinner on June, what would be June 11th I guess with a couple of Warriors people. And they were like, I mean the 10, the level of tension, it was not that fun of a dinner because they, well, because Bo Bogo was already out and Curry was, Curry had the, what was his ankle injury?


So they were kind of limping to the finish line as It was. Well, but, but, but it was not a fun dinner because they didn't know still what was gonna happen with Draymond. They were fuming about what they viewed as lobbying by the Cavaliers for a suspension. They were fuming because they thought the league was gonna quote. I mean every teams see everything through the lens of their own bias and what is good or bad for them. And they, they viewed it like the league's gonna scapegoat dream on, we could see this coming, blah blah blah blah blah. Yeah. Right? And it was not a fun dinner and then it was another full day until they announced the suspension. Then he goes and watches it from the a's didn't he go to the a's game or, so he was in a luxury box somewhere with Bob Myers. I remember That was Indef defensible.


The, the The suspension. So you think the suspension was, but it was a flagrant points thing. It was, he he had accumulated all the points, right? You can't decide a finals like that. And it was bogus. I feel like it was bogus. The Robert horse shove when he shoved ker into the scores table and a couple of cur Nash into the scores table and a couple of Nash's teammates responded, because you're gonna, you're gonna move toward your guy who just got decked in the scores table. I thought that, and I thought the Miami New York thing in the late nineties was, those were the three that really stayed out to me. Is like, yeah, I'm, I'm reading it now. This is Kiki van Dway, Kiki van Dway involved. I remember wow ki I remember they were waiting to hear from Kiki. He's back. The, the cumulative point system is designed to deter flagrant Foss in our game.


Kiki van Dway said, while Draymond Green's actions in game four, do not merit a suspension is a standalone act. The number of flagrant points he has earned triggers a suspension for game five. And I remember he had a couple of really dumb ones in the early in that series. There was one he like throws Michael, I think Michael Beasley is involved. He plays for the Rockets at that time and he throws them to the ground and like almost garbage time of like a decided game. You're like, what are you, what are you doing man? And there was, that's the Stephen Adams display. D well Steven Adams growing different Adams. Well the other thing now they're still going at it right now. Stephen Adams and Draymond Green. The other thing is he comes back, Cavs blow them away in game five, game six.


But Draymond comes back from game seven and plays the best game of his career. And I think he's single handedly keeps him in the game 'cause Curry is running on fumes of his fumes of his fumes at that point, that game got super tense. The last five minutes is an all time rock fight after LeBron hits the two threes over a Zee. 'cause the words are a guy short and, and that dream on game's wasted and he's, I don't wanna say he's the reason they didn't win the title that year, but that incident, I think they win in five. I just think they go back to, to Golden State and finish it. It felt, it felt like a, we've seen this series a hundred times a million times before Road Team road, favorite wins Game four, kind of a tough gutsy win on the road goes up three and they finish up, finishes the job at home.


Like we've all seen this split. We we're taping this on Tuesday at 6 45. There's like three series we're zooming tonight that feel exactly like that in the current first round, Right? So you wrote, when you wrote about Draymond, you used a word that I thought was a great word and I wanted to put it in the context of, of history. So I always talk about glue guys, right? He's better than a glue guy. Oh no question You he's not obviously not like a star role player. That seems too low too. But in the piece you wrote that you used it now an amplifier, how he amplified Steph in all these different ways.


And I was thinking like, that's the right word, amplifier. So I was going through like my favorite amplifiers. 'cause I think that feels like it's more status, right? It's that you're not a role player, you're not a glue guy. You're like, I am, I am actually better than a role guy. And not only that, but if you put me next to an awesome guy, I'm going to make that guy better. So Rodman I think is an all time amplifier. I think Ben Wallace got there, okay, in the, in the mid two thousands, oh three to oh seven Hory is a classic example. Seven titles. But you could kind of fit him in. He didn't need the ball. He could guard whoever, he could guard different positions.


You could always count on him come through when it mattered. Michael Cooper, Bobby Jones, Paul Silas, Casey Jones was the famous one from the Russell Celtics. And then there's Some's two old, I put older in front of these guys' names older Andre Alala. Okay, so we're like around 15 range double right Double amplification for the Warriors Because he, he could have been the best guy on a 45 win team in his prime but older version. And then I think older Drew Holiday too. Kind of the Bucks Celtics era. And then the only other two I have and I there maybes for me are Derek Fisher and Bruce Bowen.


It reminds another level from from Those guys. That's how I good too. I wanted to, I wanted to mark him down. But I think of all those guys, I think Draymond might have been the best amplifier. I think he might be not the good, the number one amplifier. Well let's, let's, let's keep, let's be ba simple about it. You know, people do this thing with Draymond where like, well what would he be if the, if he got drafted by the Pistons and he doesn't have Steph and how many even ex-players have sort of derided Draymond like this. He has Steph and Clay and all he has to do is throw handoffs to them while big whoop Draymond Green. Yeah, but he's not the same player without Steph Curry. Almost nobody would be. If you're ranking the reasons why the Warriors have four championships in the last whatever years.


It's Steph Curry up here at number one and then a giant gap between whatever you think, number one and number two, what number two is and that's fine and fair. Draymond has two things that I think are indisputable about. I think he's a hall of famer. He's, I think he should be Hall of Famer. I didn't, No question. Michael Cooper made the Hall of Fame. I mean Come on. Well even, even whatever, he's the greatest defender of his generation, which I would define as sort of like the post kg Duncan generation of players. He might be the most versatile defender in modern NBA history. He is like, there's this alternate reality where, okay, so imagine the warrior without dream on green, but they have Steph Curry and Clay Thompson and Harrison Barnes or whatever else.


They're still awesome. They still might be a championship team. You could, you could replace Dream on with, I use Clint Capella as my like stand in screen and dive spread, pick and roll center, blah blah blah. But Draymond Draymond's ability to play center on defense and switch across every position is completely unique, almost completely unique in modern NBA history. And he's also while at center, one of the greatest passers on the move in the history of the NBA. And both of those things allow the warriors to play a style that is completely unusual and unique to them. And he's a big part of that. And he lifts up curry is better because of all the stuff Draymond can do when you give him four on threes, when you play a handoff back and forth with him when you are, when you can take certain risks defensively because you can play this super small ball lineup because he's a six six guy.


You can play center The defense and the passing, this is a guy he's led the team in assists like many times it's, it's not, that's what separates him from like your glue guy role players. Like those dudes aren't dishing 7, 8, 9, 10 assist approaching triple, you can triple singles. He gets made fun of a lot for that. But those are almost triple doubles. He's a totally unusual player and, and made the Warriors both unusual and better. Those four on threes you mentioned he's gotta be in the running for the best one. At at in that situation. Can you, we see it all the time now, right? Like even the Nuggets qui series, the Nuggets are trying to put Zoo bots in that situation. Hartenstein And he's been, he's been doing really well. He's been really good at Guy, really good at It.


Hartenstein, you know, they'll try to put him Horford as somebody that gets in that situation. But through the league when teams are trying to take out somebody, oh let's do four and three and the guy at the foul line will make the bad decision. The thing with Draymond is the Warriors just know how to cut. It's like, it was amazing to watch Butler immediately fit into that, right? It took him like 10 seconds to be like, oh if they're gonna do that, I'm just gonna cut, I'll get layups. Orford is a great name 'cause he's still good at it now. And in his prime when he was more athletic and faster, he was really, really close in sort of speed and decision making to what Prime Draymond is or was. But he wasn't as Draymond's is, I mean in the stupidest sense is just so fast.


He moves really fast compared to the average big guy who's going to set a screen and roll to the rim and then he makes his decisions faster and more intelligently than almost everybody else in the league. In that situation, it's a really hard, it's not a hard combination to find, it's like a borderline impossible combination to find because there has been no next to dray on Green and you know, you can do the counterfactuals of like, well does he even get those four on threes if he's playing with whatever anonymous Eastern conference guards in Charlotte or Detroit or whatever. And the answer is he doesn't get them in the same way with the same amount of space in the same frequency. He just sort Have changed how he played I think, don't you? But I do. I do think he would've been a very good player, a great player anywhere because the defense and the passing are translatable skills to any setting.


It was hard to recognize in the moment for a little while because we were so used to these six, six undersized guys getting drafted going 15 picks too late. There was that whole branded bash generation of NBA player in the two thousands where it was like they couldn't shoot threes, they were bangers, they were second round picks or low value guys. They were all missing something, right? They were either three inches too short or they couldn't really rebound or they, you know, David West was probably the best version of all of 'em. And Draymond just seemed like, oh, he is gonna be in that bucket. And then to watch the player that he became and then we didn't even mention like the competitiveness and the, I don't think anybody has ever been more of an alpha who probably has a worse basketball reference page, right?


If if like we can't look this up on stat head on basketball reference, but it's like, who, who has the lowest points per game? Who carries himself like an alpha? He might be in the running, Well look, he's 35 years old, it's 2025. And in the first round of the playoffs he stood up the Houston Rockets best player who has a massive height and weight advantage on him in the most important possession of maybe the entire series. Stood him up, played impeccable defense, forced a miss, let everyone know about it and let everyone know like, hey, I'm 35, I'm old now. Don't come at me like that. Go somewhere else on your CrunchTime possessions. I Mayo Doka. It was like he's been sensational For, it would've been funny if he made Doka was like, have you seen the other guys at my team?


Where, where else was that gonna go? Was it gonna be the Fred Van Vut step back? Like what, what were my other options? Fred? Fred was, did you watch Jalen Green tonight? Fred Fred was rolling and Jalen Green was on the bench. So I, I was watching him on, I was actually watching Jalen Green on the bench be I was doing the body language Dr thing of like, is he engaged? He stayed engaged. Engaged, yeah, engaged. He was engaged, he engaged, he was engaged. IME with four seconds left at no timeouts, leaving Adams and Shang goon out there for the scramble three situation was incredible. I don't, I don't know if he just passed out, I would've dusted off Reid Shepherd and just been like, can you just do Peyton Prichard impersonation? I know you haven't played all series. I gotta say I I don't want to plant bad seeds in your head or make this about the Celtics.


Peyton Pritcher iss on a little cold streak on half court to a, A little cold streak. He's like for last 60. Well the, yeah, the 30 to 60 footers aren't falling anymore. Like they were less, less playoffs when it became like, Well the, the other team knows it's coming. Going back to the amplifier thing and what you said about how unique Draymond is, if you take all the other best amplifiers, I don't think any of 'em work as well as he works with the Warriors 'cause of the passing and the four on three stuff. Like if you just put Ben Wallace on the Warriors, let's take that five year Ben Wallace run and make it 10 years and they would've been better, you know, from a rebounding standpoint defense, I don't, I'm not sure he would've been able to guard, you know, as many types of guys that dream on guard, but he was an incredible defensive player there and you don't really get anything else and you get terrible foul shooting and you, you know, you start listing like, oh well you also get this and like that doesn't work.


I, I can't even think of anybody else I would put in, can you, it's almost like Hartenstein, but a more playmaker version of him. But for 10 years The passing is, is what makes it sing on offense. And just like, you know, you go back and watch Prime Dream on Green, defend James Harden as like sometimes the primary assignment off and on switch you're like, oh, is he the best guy on the Warriors at defending this guy? And also the best guy on the Warriors years later at defending Yoic. Like that's, that's a, that's a unicorn on defense. Well doesn't that like the 17 Warriors, which I think have a real case, especially as the years pass for best team.


I don't know if I'd vote for them, but I think they have a case and one of the cases is when you're putting out Dre on an Iguala and Clay who was a really, really good defender in the mid two thousands, you have those three guys out there at the same time with Curry and then Durant as the six 11 Spider-Man can protect the rim and do all these different things. That was, that might be the best five man lineup I've seen in person. Even the Bulls always had somebody who was a little bit iffy on the movie poster, you know? Yeah, yeah. Steph Clay Iguala, Draymond Durant. I Don't know if we're doing better than that.


Well I, I mean I remember being at a, in Denver at a Nuggets Warriors game pretty early that season might have been the se the season, I don't know, it was some, it was sometime in that 17 or and or 17, 18. And they did the thing where they were all on the floor together in the third quarter of the game and it was just, you didn't even understand what was, it was just like a tidal wave and you, it was like you lost consciousness watching the game and it just became this blur of noise and sound and like blue jerseys flying around and all of a sudden it was, they had put up like a 22 to two run in two and a half minutes. Yeah, I mean I'm exaggerating a little bit, but you just, it felt like watching this cyclone and good teams, the nuggets were a good team.


Were just looking around like I don't even understand what's happening to us. Like what are we supposed to do? Where's the ball? That guy is, oh that guy was like unbelievable, Right? Well they broke, It was too much talent broke, which everybody knew when they got him it was like, okay, well this is a wrap for a couple years They broke the 2017 Cavs and now as the years pass it seems like the Cavs were like the underdog in the relationship. Meanwhile they won the lottery three outta four years. They Kyrie Irving, they traded a number one pick for Kevin Love. They had all these expensive role players like Tristan Thompson, I think they had what, one of the five biggest payrolls in the league and they had LeBron James still in his prime. Like that was not, that was not Hickory high trying to, trying to make it through the tournament in Indiana in 1954.


The 2017 Cavs are the best Cavs team of LeBron's two times in Cleveland. The team that lost in the finals that year, in my opinion, that was the best Cleveland Team. What's the, what's the best LeBron team to you? Tangent. I think thir, we're still talking about Draymond but Tangent, I think 13 heat are, are gonna be tough to beat whatever that was the heat team that had the 20 something game winning streak and they, they ran into some issues in the playoffs that I thought were a little bit frankly beneath them. I thought they should had an easier time in the East playoffs and then they beat the Spur I think, I mean 17 Cavs didn't win. 16 Cals will always be another measuring stick team. I'd have to, I'm going blind. I haven't looked back at the numbers of what that six, some of those teams, this Cleveland 2.0 teams as you know, is an Eastern conference basketball fan, Kind of just cruised Through parts of the regular season and like Conference was terrible.


Yeah. And, and I think the, the first, maybe two thirds of that 2013 Miami season is the answer. But when they got to the playoffs, it wasn't just like that. It got a little rocky with them. I thought Wade, that was when he really started to break down a little bit and he just didn't feel like Dwayne Wade the Same way anymore. Indiana gonna be seven that year. And it was like, I just don't feel like this Pacers team should be taking these guys to, to seven. Yeah, But I, I do think the streak, which was just great. I think the streak had a little do with that. I think it took a lot out of those guys. But I would say 2013, I also think hard to say with Covid what happens in that 20 season. But if you look back at the guys on that team, it's pretty good team, you Know, pretty good team.


We have LeBron legit championship team. You have Davis who's in his late twenties. You got Caruso in there, you have Caldwell Pope, you have Kuzma. Before he kind of went off the rails And by the way, he got Dwight Howard protected the rim. That team was talented, Relevant to this discussion. Where are the Warriors at that time? The 20, well that was the year, that was the Durant Clay combo injury, Durant leaves and Clay, Which is why, you know, and they get, they get three shots in the lottery during their sort of down period. You know, Minga, Wiseman Moody. The payoff has not been substantial as substantial. I like as they have I'll Buy your Moody stock right now.


No, No. I like, I like Moody a lot. I've been on the No, it Seem like you want em put it for sale. No, no, no. I'm just, they, I I think obviously the Wiseman thing is a huge Bust. Tough. Well, but that was also Covid draft. I like, I gotta offend them a tiny bit on that, that draft. If you go back in that draft, that draft is bonkers. The, I don't, I Don't even Domingo's less defensible, I don't even care. And Minga they got in a master stroke trade selling as high as possible on DeAngelo Russell that Should been Franz. How did they not know to take the the IQ six foot nine four Guy? My point is this, that's why you know it when you see it, certain NBA championships just mean more than other NBA championships.


Sometimes it's because of a star player finally winning one in his home city like Dirk in 2011. Sometimes it's everything magical comes together for some unexpected teams. Sometimes, sometimes it's a team sort of stamping itself, like a prior champion sort of proving like that. Yeah, the first one was legit. The 2022 Warriors Championship is one of those more special than a lot of other championship championships because a lot of time had passed since the last Durant won. It didn't feel all that likely that they would get back to the mountaintop. If you look back like it's a strange roster of dudes, many of whom are not there anymore. Clay Pool Wiggins, well also Clay and Draymond at weird points of their career where we weren't even sure if they were elite guys anymore or not.


And, and they are taking advantage of this like interregnum in the west where like the nuggets are in a waiting period for their guys like Murray and Porter to get back healthy. The Clippers are never healthy and now they are healthy. But they were like, that was a legit awesome Warriors team that leaned back into the style of basketball that Steve Kerr wants to play the beautiful game, the ball movement and had enough to squeeze out four series against teams that just kind of weren't ready for all of it. Yeah, and, and the game four, I'm with you. Like that one meant so much to the kind of Steph career, resume, all that stuff, but also it seemed like they were never gonna be in that situation again.


You didn't even mention The Suns. That was another one. Were the Suns coming off the finals? They were, what were they like 50 and six at one point, just seeming like they're heading back and then just falling apart against Dallas Game said game seven. No, but now we're really off track. But Game seven, Dallas, Phoenix and Game seven, Boston, Milwaukee were the same day that year. Oh my God, you're right. And I was traveling to Chicago for the combine and my flight was like so poorly timed, like it took off in the middle of the third quarter of Celtics bucks and then it was gonna land and Sun's Mavs would already be, you know, first quarter, second quarter.


And I was like, I'm gonna miss like so much. And I land and it's like Celtics win by a lot. Grant Williams makes a million threes and then I get to my hotel and I load up the Sun's Mavs game. I'm like, what? And it's over. What? I don't even have to watch this thing. This is crazy. What the hell is going on? And the Warriors win. The title Injury of Mind is really good. End of story. What's, let's take a, a quick break.


This episode is brought to you by vrbo, private Vacation Rentals with vrbo. You can save over $200 on select homes when you stay for a week or more. Say you wanted to go catch a few baseball games in Boston, take some time off work flying to Beantown, watch the socks play after that you can do anything. Go book a VRBO in Cape Cod for a week. The world is your oyster or lobster roll or clam chowder really, if it has shells, gills in its indigenous to the Atlantic. It's your edible metaphor of choice. They're crustacean crazy down there. And guess what? Since you stayed longer than a week, you saved over $200. You know what that means? More shellfish. I love shellfish. Hope you're not allergic. Next vacation. Stay longer and save, make it a vrbo.


This episode is presented by State Farm on the basketball court. The best players know when to pass and off the court. You still need teammates who are there when accounts. That's where State Farm comes in with agents to help you find coverage that's right for you. You can focus on what really matters. Whether that's hitting game winners or just getting through the day Like a good neighbor. State Farm is there. State Farm coverage options are selected by the customer. Availability and eligibility vary by state.


Alright, a couple more Draymond things and I wanna talk quickly about Golden State Houston, the generational defensive belt, which I'm not, I'm not gonna subject you to all the names since Bill Russell, I did make a list. Okay? But I think Draymond versus Rudy, basically for the post Kawai era, which is about the moment he steps on Zas foot all the way through is the argument for the last eight years. I would say Draymond, there's some nerds out there that would, that would be resolute about Gobert and the Gobert Rim protection stats. Gobert has more defensive player of the years. I think he's had more season this season probably success, but that's the argument for the last eight years.


Dre, if you're gonna pick one guy who has the belt, it's those two. I think He's gonna be the Shaq. The Shaq is the MVPs. What Draymond is to defensive player of the year or like on a larger scale, even Jordan to MVPs. Like we're all gonna look back at the career and be like, he only won won and these other guys won more than that. Like he's a, it's sometimes it's like it's a regular season award. He misses time, he gets whatever, like he gets injured. The team is so good, it doesn't even matter. Gobert is playing 82 game. But we all know it goes back to something. Draymond himself said, 62, 82 game player or 16 game player. He's a better 16 game player on defense alone. You're just taking him into any postseason.


You're always, always taking dream. He's, He's a better 16 game defender than a Rudy Gobert, a 16 game, four series, four different kinds of opponents. He's better. And unfortunately for him, the belt is now gonna be in San Antonio for it a very long time. So Steve Kerr said Draymond was the single best defensive player he's ever seen after game four. And he's been touting Draymond's defense a lot. He ed for him for Defensive Player of the Year, which he doesn't, he is not a big award lobby that Steve Kerr. But he played with Scotty Pippen and he played with Dennis Rodman And Tim Duncan. And I was just surprised. And Tim Duncan, but I mean Pippen, that's a tough one.


I I would love to put like three drinks into Steve Kerr 10 years from now and he is not coaching Draymond anymore and actually get the actual answer for, is Draymond actually the best defensive point he's ever Seen? Look, it's all, it's all a matter of, I mean, defense is still statistically sort of harder to parse than offense, right? So sometimes when you're at this level, it becomes a matter of taste. Like Garnet should be in the conversation. E lajuan, you know, whoever you, you, we can go through all the greatest defenders in NBA history. He's in the conversation. That's where Draymond Green is. Whether you think he's the best, yes, the fifth best, the fourth best, the third best whatever he, that's where he lives in this conversation. Are you taunting me to, to do my belt lineage?


Feels like you are. I'll go through it quick. It was Draymond versus Rudy. So we're both gonna say Draymond Kawai by himself. By the way, I thought of you when I was at that corporate game Saturday and Kawhi just took the ball from Jamal Murray when he decided, hey, it at half quarter. How about I just go take it, take it. I'm Gonna go take the ball now. Yeah. Jamal's like, wait, you can't take the ball. I said no, I'm gonna actually take it. Thanks for, Thanks for participating in my exercise. Yeah, Mike, I'm just gonna take the ball every Time. A good one that I think of you. Good. I think Dwight Howard's in there for a while. I, I, I, By Fault, I'd have to look back at who's contemporary with who, who's old, who's young. But he's got certainly was there many time defense player of the year Oh eight, KGI think has the belt by himself before him Ben Wallace.


And then it's a three-headed battle for a while between Tim Duncan, Kevin Garnet and Rasheed Wallace, who I think has been lost in history now. But Rasheed Wallace was just an awesome defensive player when they decided to put him next to Ben Wallace that, and people still seem to think that Laker series was like, whoa, that was weird. It's like Detroit killed them in that series anyway, but have them, then there's like a GP versus Mutombo mid to late nineties kind of argument. Okay. Which I'd probably, I don't even know where I land i'd, I'd probably default toward GP for a little bit. It's a good playoff history in that one too.


Yeah, Sonic's Nuggets. There's, there's a Hakeem Robinson before that then we, I I won't entertain Hakeem Robinson, I won't entertain it. I would pick Hakeem, right? It's Hakeem, yeah. I'm not entertaining, But I'm just saying that Robinson won defensive player of the year a couple times, but Hakeem was, he's Very, he admiral was incredible. He is a dream teamer did what happened in the playoffs in 1995, right? That that's it. Like it just try the, the rest of it is irrelevant. Hakeem also the block steal stuff. That was one in my book, I made up the word stocks because it was like, there was just nothing like this guy putting up basically like seven blocks and steals a game. Pippen versus Robin was another one and then, then it starts getting harder after that. But I did wanna shout out Bobby Jones.


I have another Draymond thing for you really quick. So from 2015 through 2025, he did not average 10 points a game, 9.6 points a game, 7.5 rebounds and 6.6 is sis, Those are cumulative for those Seasons. Those are his per game averages for like 11 years. 46% field goal, 32% from three in the playoffs. That bumps up to basically 12, nine and six. But I was like, wow, that's weird. I wonder if anyone has anything remotely that looks like that. So I, I rigged basketball reference.com who averaged nine points or less?


You didn't go Stat Muse. You didn't go Stat Muse, No Stat Muse. I don't try Brielle and I hate Stat Muse. We don't. Alex Ovechkin Under nine points, over five assists and then rebounds, whatever. Okay. Everyone else is a guard. It's like Jose Calderone, Avery Johnson, Mugsy Bogues, Dick McGuire, Nate McMillan and Eric Snow, Brevin Knight, TJ McConnell, Roy Sparrow, this is like guys p played 600 games or more and Draymond has way more rebounds than native obviously. But there's like, you can't even, basketball reference is like, I don't know what to make of this. Like who are I, I, I don't know.


You got me And not included in any of that search data is can defend every position on the floor, right? Including seven foot centers, which Avery Johnson or Jose Calderone. I wonder if they should add like, almost like in chess where you have an, what's an ELO score for chess? I almost wonder a basketball reference to just, just randomly assign ELO scores defensively for every player. Like Draymond would be like what? Like a 97, Whatever the highest is You give him a hundred. I don't know. Is is that where elo, I don't play Chess. I don't feel like Bill Russell has to be a hundred. Like can we have multi, we can only have one a hundred. Yeah, I think Russell's the only hundred. Okay.


Yeah. So that's, that's basically all my Draymond stuff. Other than, I don't know how much longer this goes. There's a weird, they've done a lot about this this year, next year the contracts are aligned. This is our last dance. I, I don't know if I necessarily believe that, but what's been cool is watching Butler and Draymond and that play yesterday was like Draymond, like they're gonna go to Shang and I'm gonna stop him and Jimmy's like, and I'm gonna get the rebound and then Jimmy comes flying in. He probably has what, like 10 pounds of Toradol shot in his ass at that point and it's starting to wear off and he comes flying in and gets the ultimate Jimmy Butler in traffic. Rebound, holds the ball, protects it, gets fouled. Then he is like, that was my rebound.


That was my rebound. Like the combo of those two guys. They're both insane. The rebound, well look, Draymond does what he does. He stands up, she goon Forces a 14 footer when it should have been a nine footer. You, you know exactly. He is done it a billion times. That's what he does. Jimmy Butler is 35 going on 36 injured and even when not injured is like a below the rim old man kind of player now. And I mean that as a compliment. He's smart, he cuts, he hits people, he knows what to, but he is not a high flyer. Never really was. But certainly is it now that Rebound had the feel. I watched it like five times this morning. It had the feel of, it had the feel of like this is everything I have left in my body at the end of this game is pouring in to jumping as high as I can with as much force as I can because Steven Adams is under there.


And I know what Steven Adams is, is an offensive rebounder, right? It was one of those great athletic sports moments of like digging deep in all the cliches we talked about that rebound is like, he's not jumping that high again probably for the entire rest of the playoffs. As long as Golden State goes on. That was like, this is everything I got. If this game goes to overtime, I'm gonna feel the pain of this jump for the rest of this game. But I gotta get this rebound. Well, though, I thought the rockets were gonna win last night. I wa I wasn't expecting the Jalen gr Jalen Green Stink bomb. But they did get a crazy Van Ble game. But it came down to the, the fear. If you were taking the rockets in this series, the fear was what's gonna happen late in games when both teams have to execute?


How is this gonna play out? And it executed. It happened the way it happened. The reason I thought the Rockets were gonna win, because I didn't think Steph was gonna have a big game. No, because they, he put out so much on Saturday night. I was like that. Well, they're not getting that again. And Butler's hurt. How are they gonna get to a hundred points? I didn't realize Dylan Brooks was gonna talk shit to the, to Butler and just activate playoff Jimmy. And now it just, now it just feels like the Rockets are going sideways and we're just gonna wait for the Honest Trade Now Trade Machine Summer, this is a Draymond Green segment. Should we talk about that? Draymond Green was like on the verge of getting ejected? No, I don't say he was on the verge of getting ejected in that game.


But the technical, a flagrant and the Tar Easton thing where he rolled over him and and Foot Tried to go him into it, hit His his foot, hit his neck. Like, yeah, I, I'm watching that. I'm like, they could throw him out of the game for this. Like, I, I I he's gonna, it it is maybe an accident. It looks like an accident. It can be plausibly explained away as an accident. But the thing about dream on green's accidents, and there are a lot of them, is that it never feels as if he's trying to calm the accident or restrain his limbs from moving in ways that will accelerate and worsen the accident. It's always like, my legs are doing this. You're in the way. My legs are gonna keep doing this.


Right. I'm not gonna try to stop my legs. My legs are doing what they're doing. And if your head's in the way, your head's in the way. Right. And there's been other guys over the years like that too. Like remember when Ron Artes just elbowed James hard in the head? Yes. And basically knocked him out. And I don't think it was intentional, but I also think it was the same thing. It was like, Hey, my elbow needed to go forward. And that guy's head happened to be in the way. And I had to do it. Some guys, Bowen, it was never an accident. I never felt like it was maybe a partial accident, but he would kick his, what was that? He kicked somebody in the face running by a three that time, remember? I can't remember who it was. He did just Ki like, but kicked him right in the face And they're reviewing the play.


And I'm like, it doesn't really, it, it looks mostly like an accident. It also doesn't really look good. He already has a technical, he's always seems to have a technical, and as you well know, Draymond Green with a technical, is like a superhero. There's, he's impervious to technical number two for the most. He could do whatever he wants. What Dre Wants on with five thousands. The the other one have like, he had five fouls yesterday, it felt like for an hour. And he is just doing the vertical stop at everybody and never gets the six foul. It's pretty crazy. He's still, he's still a genius to fame. He had a player earlier in this series, I don't remember who he was guarding, but somebody for the Rockets had the ball at the elbow and went to pass to somebody.


Draymond, he was, it was Draymond's guy had the ball at the elbow and he went to pass to a cutter. And Draymond like did the thing where he read his mind and it was like almost as if he was ahead of the pass. Yeah. He starts drifting away from his own guy and the pass comes and it's essentially a pass to Draymond because Draymond has anticipated out, anticipated the guy who's actually initiating the action and he passes the ball and Draymond's just there. And it's like, what? Just what just ha He just like is, it's not even just in sync with the ball. He's ahead of the ball. He still makes those plays every Game. He, Ross does that. And I notice that every time I'm in person. And Saturday was at another level. It was Yoic Sam Ha, Sam Houser.


No, Yo Kish. Oh wow. He, I just like, to me the, there's so many litmus tests for how many, how much people are actually watching basketball. And one of them is, if somebody tries to tell me Yoka just like a shitty defensive player, it's like, go fucking watch him in person, just blow up plays. Just be like, oh, you're gonna do that. I'm gonna dive right as you're about to do that pass. And Now you're jumping in the air. 'cause you thought you had that guy and now you're like just kind of throwing it over your head. He, he's spooky how he can reach it. He had a pass after the, the game three where they doubled him at the top, the top of the key.


Chris Dunn was in the corner on Christian Brown and he kinda leaked over and Yoko was facing the other way like this. And Christian Brown is behind him this way. Chris Dunn comes over, he feels Chris Dunn and just whips the pass to Christian Brown. Like That's his Signature. And if you watch it, you're like, he, how does he, there's 10 seconds where you don't know he's there. How did you know he was there? I have no idea. That might be one of his, that is one of his signature passes. And I've watched dozens of them at this point and sometimes I go back and I rewind it and I'm like, let me try to find How he knew The last time that he made eye contact, that his head was facing the direction of the player he ends up passing to.


And sometimes you just can't find it. Like there's a defensive rebound. He has the ball, he's looking over here and then the pass comes. You're like, I don't, I don't really Well, Was Chris ever about that play was he didn't know it was Chris Dunn who was coming over to double him. So he had to also know instinctively Chris Dunn is coming over to double me even though I can't see him. And then when he does that, it's like some fucking Star Wars shit when they put the helmet on Luke Skywalker and they're like, Luke just used the force. Like he can do that. Well it's fitting that we're talking about Yoko's passing and Draymond's defense in the same breath because that's about, that's about right. I think this has been an awesome basketball round of, of, of games and we don't even, we didn't even know what's gonna happen in these four that are about to happen quickly.


Golden State. Who do you think, you think they'd much rather play the Lakers or kind of would rather play the Lakers or wouldn't really wanna play either if you had to guess? I don't, assuming they get there, We're definitely at the stage of the Western conference playoffs where it's just, okay, well that path sucks. That path sucks. That path really sucks. I would say given the fact that JJ Reddick just played the same five guys for an entire half of basketball and they looked gassed at the end and one of them is 40 and they don't have the Anthony Davis piece that kind of troubled the Warriors. I would say the Lakers are probably a better matchup.


The Warriors would probably prefer to play the Lakers a little bit. 'cause just Minnesota's big. That's why I've Landed too, especially from four weeks ago when they went head to head Big, nasty. And I mean, but it's no picnic playing Luca. You look at Luca and LeBron like, I'm really picking that team. But I think given the respective states of the teams, I think, yeah, I would pick if I were the Warrior, I'd say kind of rather play the Lakers. Yeah. And plus there's the Edwards. How real is this? This is last year. So here it is. Anthony Edwards has join the party. He's now a superstar and this year there's now this next step that might be happening. I don't wanna jinx it, But I think he's at, I think he's at the party. He's at the party for you.


Yeah, He's at the party. If you're starting a franchise right now, I wanna do first text second because I, I think I saw this today. Would you, would you rather have Luca or or Anthony Edwards next five years? Because I think I'd rather have Edwards. That's crazy as that sounds next five. Yeah, next five years. I think I'd still take Luca. Yeah, because you're getting great, Great choice by the way. Can't lose With Luca. You're at least getting the, what if he shows up on a mission this year piece like Shaq for those three, four years with Shaq in the late nineties where it's like, what if he takes this seriously one season?


Now we're supposed to pretend that never happened. Okay. And then no chance Lakers come back. Kind of a chance. Sort of a chance. Or you feel like that was their desperation gift? If you have home court if for five and potentially seven, you got a chance. I would be surprised if they came back. I would be surprised if this got to seven. I would be surprised if it got to seven. I just think you gas out your team like that. You've sent a message to the team like, we gotta win this game. You don't win it. Yeah. Minnesota's hungry. They're young, they're fresh. I would be surprised if it got back to seven. You know what they need to do? Hope that Anthony Edwards goes into, I got this mode like they're gonna probably win game five 'cause they'll get every call. Game six. You hope for some hero ball from Edwards.


You hope for the Tom Thito doc game seven, 2010 final strategy of let's try to, let's try to use Edwards' desire to be the hero against him and maybe just hope he makes some bad shots and kind of shoots them out of the game, I think would be The hook. He also could just dunk you into pieces and end your I know season very quickly. He's certainly unafraid. Zack Lowe, I was. We ran out of time. I was gonna ask you to rank your favorite ringer people, but we can do that the next time. Oh, That's a spicy one. Another another time. Yeah, another time. Podcast for you on Thursday. Yes. Good. See you my friend. We're coming off. So coming off two good games Wednesday night. Yeah. Good to see you, my friend.


Always fun. All right, that's it for the podcast. Thanks to Goldsberry and Zach. Thanks to Eduardo and Gau for helping behind the scenes. Don't forget about new re watchable went up on Monday night. Someone watch over me. You can watch on The Ringer Movies YouTube channel. You can watch all the stuff from this on the Bill Simmons YouTube channel, or as a video podcast on Spotify. I'm gonna be back on Thursday with more stuff. Some basketball, maybe a little bit not basketball. We'll see. I'll see you in a couple days.


Must be 21 plus in President Select states for Kansas and affiliation with Kansas Star Casino or 18 plus in president dc. Gambling problem, call 100 GAMBLER. Visit rg help.com. Call 1 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org/chat in Connecticut. Or visit md gambling help.org in Maryland. Hope is here. Visit gambling help line ma.org or call 803 2 7 50 50 for twenty four seven. Support Massachusetts. Or call 1 8 7 7 8 Hope and y or Text Hope and Y in New York.


This episode is brought to you by Michelob Ultra. What do I look forward to every NBA playoffs season? Well, I'm always hoping the Celtics do well. I'm always hoping we have great storylines. Great games, great matchups, great game sevens. I just hope for good basketball. But the NBA playoffs, they're even better with Michelob Ultra, the official beer partner, the NBA plus, they're getting fans closer to the game with the chance to win courtside tickets and more. Enter now at michelob bocher.com/courtside. Michelob bocher superior access Courtside 2024 to 25 sweepstakes, no purchase necessary. Open to US residents. 21 or older ends on July 1st, 2025, multiple entry periods. Visit michelob bocher.com/superior access slash courtside for free. Entry. Entry. Deadlines and official rules, message and data rates may apply void where prohibited.


This episode is brought to you by LinkedIn. Every basketball team that's still alive in the playoffs has one thing in common. Their key trades and signings throughout the season paid off giving each team the talent needed to make a run at the championship. With a small business, your success directly depends on the new talent you add to your team. And a great place to find that talent is LinkedIn. You know, hiring is a big deal for small businesses, not only because small businesses are wearing so many hats, but also because every hire is crucial for a growing company. That's why LinkedIn pairs you with the best candidates using data you won't find anywhere else from unique skills and interests to the connections you have in common. LinkedIn also lets you go beyond candidates who are actively applying in a given week. 171 million LinkedIn members aren't actively seeking jobs, but they are open to new opportunities. That's a big pool to miss out on. So find your next great hire on LinkedIn. Post your job for free at LinkedIn dot com slash simmons. That's LinkedIn dot com slash simmons to post your job for free terms and conditions. Apply.