
You're listening to The Bill Simmons Podcast presented by FanDuel FanDuel. Sportsbook is the best place to bet on the NBA A. We have these fun little Tuesday, Friday player performance stuff. We have same game parlays, we have picks for me sometimes and boosts and all kinds of fun things. Get ready in the playoffs. Download the FanDuel Sportsbook app today to get in on the action. And by the way, The Ringer is committed to responsible gaming. Please visit The Ringer dot com slash rg to learn more. Listen to the end of this episode for additional details. Must be 21 plus President Select states game problem called one 800 GAMBLER, or visit rg-help.com.


Coming up and absolutely incredible day for TV watching in sports.


This episode is brought to you by MICHELOB ULTRA. MICHELOB ULTRA. A superior LIGHT BEER in the ultimate trophy. Win or lose. You're bound to enjoy the ride with a good beer in hand. MICHELOB ULTRA crisp, refreshing only 95 calories, a superior LIGHT BEER, no matter the game, sport, or season superior is worth playing for. So sign up for ultra courtside at MICHELOB ULTRA dot com slash courtside and you can enjoy some of these games with nice beer in your hand. Enjoy RESPONSIBLY copyright 2025 Anheuser-Busch MICHELOB ULTRA Registered LIGHT BEER St. LOUIS, Missouri. Must be 21 plus to order alcohol, alcohol available only in select markets.


It's all next. We're also brought to you by The Ringer Podcast Network. I have a new re watchable coming for you on Monday night. We did a movie from the late nineties, that's a very light, fluffy movie that you'll probably be surprised we did. But it was a request by Joiner Robinson who came in to LA for a couple months and did a bunch of great stuff with us. So I let her pick a re watchable and it's a good one. And I was excited she picked the one she picked. I'm not gonna tell you what it is that's Coming up. Prestige TV is not covering the last of us, but we will be covering it on the house of our podcast. And on the Midnight Boys as well in The Ringer verse. So you can check out both of those. Celtic City episode seven, which basically tackles everything after Bird with the nineties, which was really grim and I was living in Boston for a lot of it, but there's no basketball tomorrow net, so there's no better chance to catch up with Celtic City.


It's on HBO 9:00 PM or you can catch up on all the episodes so far on Max. Coming up on this podcast, SIL and I, we recorded right after Rory McElroy run, the ma won the Masters and we thought it was gonna be an NBA podcast, but we ended up talking about golf for the first 30 minutes. Then we went right into game 82, Clipse wearers, all the playoff matchups things. We've noticed some award stuff we're trying to figure out. And it's a really good podcast. First our friends from, All right, we are recording.


It is four 30 Pacific Time. Just watch the playoff hole of the Masters. We're gonna talk a lot of basketball later, but that was one of the most emotional masters of all time. And I was trying to think, Priscilla, how many times have you seen a guy just pull the monkey off his back like that in your lifetime that you can remember? Because we've had different versions of it, right? Like we had LeBron in 2016, like bringing Cleveland the title. You have John Elway endeavor in 97. There's just not a lot of those. Eh, I'm, I'm, I'm kind of choked up. I don't know what to do. You sound a little Off. I was In a good way. It was, it was an emotional thing. I really thought not only did he blow it, it's one of those things that just hangs with you for the rest of your career.


And it becomes one of the first things mentioned that's, that's the point where we were hitting some sort of crossroads with his career that I don't know if you can come back from, and the weight of that is almost, it's, it's worse than, than actually just winning the masters and getting that off. You know? Because you have to live with that the rest of your life basically. Well, there was the Steve Young one, remember when he won the Super Bowl and they actually were on the sideline. He was like, get the monkey off my back. And they were pretending they were pulling a monkey off of his back because it was the post Montana thing. But for golf, I'm not educated enough to run through all of this and tell you brings back memories of Royal Troon or anything. But I, I know that I was always frustrated with golf fans.


They'd be like, who you root against? Like whatcha talking about roofer root golf? I'm like, come on, there's gonna be a couple guys you hate. You know? And Bryson ironically was kind of that guy. He filled this villain void. But then once you start to understand like how golfers feel about the sport, it's, they don't really want anyone to have that moment. They really don't. Like, I think, I think we enjoy it with the NBA and NFL. You're like, alright, good. I'm glad this guy choked because he's just not my favorite or backs up all my arguments, right? As we get to harden's awesome game later today. But yeah, golfers just don't look at the sport that way. So you're absolutely right. I mean, if he ends up after the shot on 17, that's gonna become something of, of masters lore and then missing a putt, which looked like it really never had a chance on 18.


It's not like it was the easiest put. So it's not like he missed like a two or three footer and he's this choke artist, but Well, but it was the second shot on 18 that starts it, right? All he has to do is basically do it it in the playoff hole, just get in two putt, you win the masters, he's in the trap. Then the, the hit out of the trap just not quite close enough. He is got some work left and that's, you know, that's golf. You need a four, he gets a five. And it seemed like Rose was hot in the, in the betting market heading into the playoffs. I think Rory was still favored, which I was really surprised by. 'cause it's sometimes you watch those and you're like, how is this guy gonna bounce back from this? But he bounced back. He the, you know, one of the, one of the great shots I was thinking of watching him today, he's like one of those, those basketball players that just gets hot and cold during the same game.


You know, like Steph's a little bit like this, right? Like Steph today was like one for five in that clipper game and then all of a sudden he gets hot and he's just making everything for about eight minutes. And that's, that's a little what the rollercoaster ride Rory is like during these tournaments. He looks amazing, amazing, amazing. Then all of a sudden it falls back. Then he comes back the other way. And it's just the swings of, of golf. But I, I think the, the one thing that's different this time around is people wanted it so badly for him. You could feel it when we're on the chorus on Tuesday and Wednesday. Like, he's clearly the most popular, you know, guy at the tournament now he's taken the tiger spot. But people, when you have that, when you have the emotion of all the people with you, they had that cut. Did you see that cutaway when the people on 18 who were just waiting, the scoreboard changed and reflected that his score had gone back.


That he gotten the, the double and people were, you know, they're holding their hands in their, in their heads. Like something like really horrible had just happened. Like that's how badly everybody wanted it for 'em. So to come through with the pressure you have on yourself, but also all of these people you don't wanna let down. Like I, I don't even know if there's a comparison to that. And basketball, you only have 18,000 people in the arena. This is like, you know, tens and tens of thousands of people all clustered around. But that's the difference with the sport. Like basketball doesn't really give you a chance to sit there and m true. Like you kind of have to get back to it. I mean, most of the sports that we talk about all the time, there's, there's very little time to sit there and kind of think about what you're going through and for him to double one.


And then you send me a text, you go, Hey, we may have to lead with this if he falls apart. And it's almost his anticipation that he's gonna fall apart because he's played so well the first three rounds and then I look it up, I'm like, oh, but then he's like four under the next 10 holes. So I think it's kind of the sport and even him, you know, going into the bunker, which you're right, is the bigger part of him missing the put on 18 is that he actually kind of cracked a smile. He, he almost laughed at himself like, you're gonna be fucking kidding me. Yeah. So that there was some emotion that he was showing I thought was a better sign. And I also think it helps probably playing 18 again all over to start to play off knowing like, okay, in my second shot, like I, I can't do that again.


Right? Yeah. So I also think a lot of people in attendance too, based on, you know, what we're talking about, just the patrons, right? And, and their mindset of just wanting great things to happen and not terrible things to happen. It's very positive group. There's, Its true, there's alsos also sports. There's sports, there's also something too, which it's not, I shouldn't say selfish, but they wanna see him complete the slam. So now he's just gotta ever do it. You get to say that you were there in 25 at Augusta to see this. This is one of those, it's not Tiger's win, but it's one of the more memorable ones because he completes this career odyssey. Because if you think about the start of his career, it was like, oh my God, like what, what can't this guy do? Are we're gonna talk about? Like, is he gonna win 10 majors or something like that.


I remember one of the debate shows at espn, like after he got married, it was like, well he is married. He's like, so he is the only pro athlete who's married and this is why he is playing bad. Now all of a sudden, like, I understand, I understand time constraints can change as the non-married guy, like I'm aware that your schedule's a little tighter. But it just, it drove me crazy because he wasn't playing as well and there had to be a reason. It was like the only thing that anybody could point to. But he's never really been somebody that, I mean his, his game itself is so enjoyable. I think he had a shot yesterday where I was watching, he's like 2 0 9 out hits a six iron and he smokes it into the air too. He throws it like a dart and you're like, how did you get at that far, at that angle? So he's also probably as much fun as everybody or anyone on the, on the tour on top of everybody rooting for somebody, him for like, like him to complete this.


Yeah. There's a fearlessness to him with some of the shots he hits. He had a couple today where he is in front of trees and you know, branches, all kinds of things. You're like, wait, is he going for this? Well There's the tower shot just does it. There's the, there's the one on the left side on the drive where he gets a decent enough balance and then you're like, he's gonna go through that or over it or what. You know, it's like the guy that never gives in to just go, lemme save the hole. He's constantly thinking like, what's the best score can I get on? He plays the game the way no one should ever play it. Yeah, we did a thing on my pod this week about the people that the gallery responded to the most. 'cause tiger's basically done and there was two different tournaments when Tiger played, it was basically the Tiger tournament was happening and the gallery's just following him and then everybody else is playing.


Now Tiger's gone and Rory had become the guy, but Bryson was kind of, you know, gaining on it and you could feel like those two had separated themselves from everybody else who put who was at the Masters basically with the fans. With the reactions. With the interest, everything. So then the fact that they're teamed up head to head for this last one, he double bogies the first hole and it just seemed like Bryson was gonna run over him like a freight train. The opposite happens then it seems like he has it then all of a sudden he doesn't then Rose makes that crazy put on 18, right? As like, you know, Rory's starting to maybe waver a tiny bit. But it, it's, I I can't I, the the five masters I probably remember the most and I don't remember golf the same way I remember basketball where I can tell you like every single finals and oh in the Western finals this happened.


But the masters is the one that you know I've cared about the most my whole life. 86 Nicholas, the Faldo Norman Masters, the the Tiger in 2019 and then this one I think we're at least four of the best. I'm sure there, there's a bunch of others, but those are the four that the Fal Don Orman master. I, I, I don't remember anybody not talking about that for like four days after that. Just felt like this life altering never, just never seen an athlete fall apart like that have you? No, That was all time example of an athlete just completely falling apart. It might be the only time I watched golf and cared during college like that round.


Right, right. I mean sports are hard to find a way to, to fit into the, we didn't have cable I think in our house for like two or three years too on top everything else. So it's like, alright, network tv, we don't have a ton of options. I just remember not being super dialed into 160 Red Sox games during college and I just remember that afternoon, you know, it's a, it's a hungover whatever. It's kind of a, is it muddy out or sunny out in Vermont? And then you realize like that really is one of those results you'll never forget where you were because It's just, and Fado hugging him at the end. I don't ever remember anything like that either. Fado felt worse about winning than probably anybody who's ever won a a golf tournament. But you know, got, we were talking about it when we were in there.


You have team sports, you have a sport like the Clippers warriors game that we're gonna talk about, you know, a little bit later and guys can affect the games. Draymond has that terrible put where he just should have gone up with it. He is trying to draw a foul and he screwed that play up. It's not the entire reason they lost. It's the thing you would think to golf, you're just by yourself. There's nobody else, there's no other reason you're gonna win or lose. It's all you. You can't blame anybody you're there with with your thoughts. You're there with the momentum of it. You're there with I all of a sudden I just don't feel great about this drive, but I have to it anyway. All of these little moments that you're just battling, we were saying it's the only sport where you have to be like insanely competitive but also completely calm.


Is there any other sport like that you like You have two emotions that are in direct. I was talking to my wife about this yesterday 'cause I was explaining to her the whole Rory thing and I was like, here's this sport where you just have these two things that don't make sense together. I have to be like a driven competitive maniac, but I also have to be completely calm at the worst possible moments of whatever I'm competing in or the scariest or the hairiest, whatever you wanna say. And that's why there's so few great offers you can't juggle that, you know. No, that's really great way of putting it because I remember when the Sloan paper came out about, there's no such thing as clutch. And I thought okay, you know there's, there's all sorts of great basketball players.


Like if we wanna just shave it down to down one score tied. Yeah. Takes the shot. And then you look at the field goal makes versus field goal attempts, like your favorite players have awful stats on those. Like there's all sorts of guys you can go through and be like, this guy's a killer. And then you're like, he's two for 30 in these situations, you know? And then if people hate one of those guys, they'll put that up and it's like, okay. I mean it feels a little like politics. You'd be like, what's your guy doing? You know, what's your guy shooting in that situation? Which completely eliminates like the shot down three with 58 seconds left to go that ties it. It's like that's a really clutch shot that matters, but it gets lost in the filtering with a lot of this stuff.


Right? So when that paper came out it, it wasn't like I didn't do a oh Nerds thing, you know, like some of the Sloan papers that had come out early on were talked about like the waste of blocked shots because it wasn't always gaining the possession. But I just felt like, okay, if there's math that that can't prove that this thing is true, Can't we prove it in another way and that there are People Yeah, it doesn't mean it's not true. Right? Doesn't it like do we believe that there are people that are really tight in big spots and the sport of golf, like probably that shows up more than any other sport. You know? I don't know if it's somebody throwing an interception, I dunno if it's, maybe it's missing a free throw is the closest thing we have to a putt in in the other sports.


Maybe it's an error, but you know, again, that's not gonna happen. You're not gonna have enough chances or the math would make any sense. So if, if we sit here and we agree that there are people that can choke that are just not comfortable, then we should be able to figure out a way. Maybe there isn't Matt that backs it up, but clearly there are people that are just a little bit more com comfortable coming back from that. And golf presents like this reset where you open with a double for Rory and it's like, here we go. Yeah. And everybody sitting around watching just knows what would happen to them. Like it's just gonna Fall apart. It's like, well again, this is why these guys are the best in the world. There's nothing in the other sports. Like I don't watch a receiver get open going, I can do that. I don't watch somebody get a shot off in basketball thinking, oh that, you know, I would like, we just, we've accepted the gap.


Yeah. But with golf, because there are moments where even the worst golfer can have like this great shot and everybody like kids around or your friends are asking you like, what would you do on 18 right now there's, there's that disconnect where I, I don't know that we appreciate the mental reset hole to hold that these guys have to do to keep themselves in it and then ultimately win a major. It's the biggest disconnect between fans and the people covering whatever sport you're gonna pick and the people who actually do it. Like even did you see UFC last night? I didn't. So Lopez who ends up losing and he just seemed tight in the first, in the first couple rounds against Vogue.


And then as the, as it went along in the last couple rounds, he kind of became who he was. And I like even stuff like that you think, yeah, I can see it, I can see why you get tight. Like what, like what was the most nervous you've ever been professionally doing anything? Not to compare us to athletes, but it's just an interesting wow, interesting side sidetrack. I look, I probably the first time I ever called a baseball game, because it was the first time I was ever on the air, you know, the nervousness went away pretty quickly. I was definitely a little like tuned up to Hoston, but, well How about when, when you were actually like established professionally, but there was still a moment where you had nerves.


The only thing I can think of is, is anchoring when I had to anchor because it wasn't something, it wasn't something it was, everybody told me I couldn't do it. So I was like, all right, you know, what Were you anchoring The Combine? Oh, interesting. Yeah. Then I actually had to like pay attention to all the, and close to being called los comparing, anchoring the combine to winning the masters. But I, I'm just talking about when you feel something that you feel like you can do, but then your heart starts pounding and the pressure comes in because it could be anything. Right? I remember the first time I hosted PTI, That's a good one. 10 minutes before and you kind of sit down, you're getting in and they hook you in and I was just like, I'm fucking terrified.


I'm like, literally I'm terrified. And I wonder like in sports you're not gonna be like that 'cause it's repetition and you've done so many things, but I'm sure there's moments where you're like, I'm good. I've done this a million cajillion times, but I'm still kind of terrified. And golf has to be the number one for that. I think tennis is a good one where it's like, oh I gotta get this serving. I'm down 30, 40, I've gotta get this first serving. And that's just a different, once you start thinking about it, it's different basketball. Like I remember the scariest free throws, I've talked about this scary free, scariest free throws I ever saw were the, the Ray Allen Shaq game when it looked like the game was over and then Miami hit the three and they fouled Kauai and they were, San Antonio was up to, and they came to our side where our set was and the crowd was just so loud and things were shaking.


And Kauai was like, what? 22? He had to make these two free throws basically to quench the game. And I was just watching going, this seems too hard. I don't know how he's gonna make this. And he missed the first one he made the second. But when you're, when you're in the vicinity of something like that and you can actually feel the pressure and you're just a bystander, it's, it's, it's unreal. I've been lucky enough to have been to a lot of different games and events where you've had that feeling and it's just, there's no way you can't feel it. Even if you're a player. Like even like Clippers, rockets, when the clippers cor collapsed in 2015, like you could feel that in the arena, you could feel the energy shifting. So I'm sure you feel it in golf too, not to mention the nerves, The benefit of all these other sports that we're talking about for the most part.


I mean granted not so much baseball, but you know, basketball, I think once you're out there and the physical part of the game takes over, you know, it's, it just, it's kind of a wake up. Like even if you're nervous, like it's those moments where you have time to think in football. Like most people will tell you they don't really feel like they're ready to go until they get absolutely blasted. And then once they get blasted it's like, okay, you know, let's, let's Play some ball. Yeah. Banging body probably helps with the nervous energy a little bit With golf to sit there and to think and you have the guy in front of their group screwing up. So everybody's kind of delayed on 18. Yeah. So Now you have even more time to think. But Rory's great off the tee, you know, it's, it's that second shot that we would've thought about a lot differently and would've remembered forever now we'll just forget it within a week.


Right. Which is great. Which is, which is good for Rory. But yeah, they're just, there's probably, I, you know, you always wonder like there's, there's like, it's not the G League guy, but if you ask NBA players, like hey, was there somebody that you grew up with or somebody you played and be like, you know, this guy was nasty. Like he just gave it to us all the time. And you're like, oh, what happened to him? Like, oh coach fucked him transfer and all these different things. You just wonder how many great golfers there are that can't handle any of this stuff. Like if no one's around and they're just playing another guy, they're just as good as them. But once they're on this kind of platform or you know, at, at this, this level, I, I just imagine it's a massive separator that we don't even think about compared to the physical skills of these guys.


Well my buddy Nathan Hubbard who co-host the Fairway Rowland podcast with, with has and his brothers on the tour Mark and he's talked about this on the podcast so I'm not talking outta school. Mark, mark got to like 63 1 year, right? He was really close and Nathan's dream is his brother is for him to crack, crack it and make the masters and have his brother be at the masters, that's like the dream. And he's come close and it's what you're talking about. He's, he's got 95% of it and he can't just put together the four straight days in a row or the nine holes when he really needs it in a big tournament or whatever. The one thing you need to get in the top 10 to get some exemption and it's always like, it's always like one shot, one hole where it can't happen and there's probably like dozens of guys like him, right?


Has to be there has they're almost there and it's just like, you know, I even look at the NBA we, we some of the guys that we talk about that we like watching and you think like, is Cam win Whitmore sitting on the Rockets bench going, if I just got playing time I would, I could potentially be an all star. There's gotta be like 50 guys in the league, right? That right Tar Easton's like I'm a second team all defense guy, I just don't get enough minutes. So yeah, it's a razor thin margin. I, I think the one thing with Rory and I, I just think in general authenticity is making a big kind of comeback push in the mid 2000 twenties and we've had, we had this whole era with sports with the guys being told to fall down when they win a tennis tournament and you know, every, you could see wa cut to the coach waving for, what was it, Agassi, go down, go down after he won.


And people trying to manipulate certain moments and watching RO just collapse and just be that overcome by winning. That to me was the most authentic thing we're probably gonna see this year I would guess. Yeah. And you look, I give Rory a lot of credit for that because You know, There's just, everything's covered, right? And this has been for a long time and so, you know, there's certain athletes like I'll just use LeBron for example. Like, I don't know how you could be famous this long and have everybody like you, like we could get into some of the criticisms of the personality, but like overall, I mean, come on, it's not, it's not that, you know, like nobody thinks he's a dick. Yeah.


23 years, Right? But he comes up as a, as what junior high age awareness and then cover Sports Illustrated mid-teens and the whole thing. And you can see with certain guys that they become famous. So now I'm not just on LeBron, I'm, I'm talking generally here is it's kind like the high school kid. You see like an interview on some recruiting site and he's like, I'm all about winning, all care about is winning. You think about and he's like, You don't, you don't even care about it. You probably don't. Like maybe some of you might, but you've all watched what is the highest approval response or explanation of yourself.


So it, a lot of it feels Dis right? You're pandering, you're pandering to whatever you think people wanna hear you say, You know what you're supposed to say, you know, you're younger, you haven't really formed a ton of your own opinions on things. I mean it's kind of impossible without more life experience to begin with. So, so it feels like so much of what we've seen over the last few years is rehearsed and I'm not sure that I entirely blame athletes, especially a younger generation kind of Coming up this way feeling like there's no escape from any of it. Like I'm constantly, everything I do is consumed in some way. So yeah, I may play it safe or you know, I guess it's, it's kind of like the Russell Wilson thing where I know exactly once he does the post game, he's gonna thank the offensive line. He's gonna, he's going out of his way to go over this mental check box to just make it seem like he is the most team first dude that you've ever come across in your entire life.


Yeah. But then you lose that connection because you already know what's coming. You've heard the same shit for years and years and years. So there's gotta be some kind of peace, especially for somebody like Rory later on or any of these other guys that get a little bit older and you just feel totally comfortable and it's great if you're default is also like a likable personality on top of everything else. Well it's one of the reasons I think you and I have gravitated to Edwards, Anthony Edwards in, in basketball 'cause he's just authentic all the time almost. Did you see sometimes to his detriment, did You see what happened the other night with him? Tell me The crowd was chanting child support when he was at the free throw line and he started laughing.


Oh my god. What crowd was that Two nights ago I think? Oh they, yeah. One of the latter. Oh my god I'm not, I'm not like Suggesting I am I, you know. Well, But he knows that. He knows he's gonna take shit for certain things and he's pretty open about it. It yeah, that'd be one and he'll talk about it. That'd a good one. Yeah, that's one. Well we'll see when he plays the Lakers. Yeah, but the, now that Rory has this off his back, I don't, I don't know who the next guy is. I guess it's, it's Homo Ho's best round since the Masters last year. Well I was, I was gonna say Lamar, Josh Allen maybe. Oh, James Harden.


I'm trying to think of guys in different sports who monkey on the back guys. Lamar's not old enough yet. Like Rory. We have some, we had some some real years here and then we had us open last year and we've had some suffering and and time spent invested in him getting over the hump for forever. So it almost has to be Lamar's almost too young. We don't have enough losses yet. Josh Allen's too young. Like Harden would be an interesting one Because I think there'd have to be Harden's four straight routes. Yeah because I don't think Alan's had bad playoff games. I think Lamar no has had worse playoff games. But I think we all feel better about him as a quarterback now Harden has a long resume of this stuff and I'll, I'll admit as I was watching it today, I mean I know we're gonna get into this game, but he was so good and I've even joked, I think I, there probably been a couple seasons going into or I was like, you think he's just be due to have kind of a baseline?


Like I need your floor to be higher than some of those just disastrous floor games from him. That might be the pick because it would have to be, you know, there's some guys, there's some guys that I, I think of like look, I, I just think there's different ways to talk about different players and their failures and their successes and Sometimes we just wanna label everyone that's failed a failure and it's all for the exact same reasons and it's like, okay, well sometimes Josh Allen's going up against Patrick Mahomes, you know, so like are are we gonna shit on Josh Allen for, I mean I guess you'll, if you wanna do that on TV because I've seen it, but it has to be some of your own undoing as well and Rory's had that Right. So I think Harden's like if we wanna spend more time on it, I mean, and Be's probably not at top of mind right now because he's been hurt but he's probably in but it's just not as long.


Well But here's a good example. Harden's Been Ray Playoffs every year. Ray Bork is a good example because anything that happened to him was not by his doing. He was fucking awesome on the Bruins. And I loved the Bruins back then and it really came down to, they were always like a third line center too short or you know, one defenseman short. They never spent quite enough money around him. But he was awesome and nobody ever blamed Ray Borks. So then when he finally went to Colorado and he won and I was living in Boston back then, I think you were too. Everyone went to bars to root for Colorado so that Ray Bork could finally get one. 'cause we love Ray Bork. We wanted him to get one that he didn't have the the kind of tragedy and the ups and downs of, of somebody like Rory.


So I don't know, I don't know who it is. Rory was clearly the most popular. It could be Alcaraz. Well Alcaraz has already won. I don't know, I dunno who it's, I was, I was still in Vermont and I remember because he was traded and he was teammates with one of my friends and he told this awesome Ray Bork story, which is pretty minor so I'm not gonna build it up too much, but it's too late. But like he had, he was on the team, it's Ray fucking Bork, you know? Yeah. One of the guys, one of the younger guys was like, Ray is it, can I get your cell or do you get a number? And he was like, why so you and your buddies can call me drunk in the middle of the night? That was his answer. But he knew, he was like, it was in a funny way, he wasn't being a jerk about it.


That's great. That's great. Because like it was still this hockey God Yeah. In the locker room with him being like, Hey man, you know, like maybe I get your number or something. And then he just, he shot it down. Ray Bork was in one of the great authentic Boston sports moments ever. When he gave the jersey to Espo when they were retiring, Esposito's jersey and Ray Bork was wearing number seven 'cause they had traded Esposito to the Rangers and they, there was a little bit of bad blood. So then Bork came in and he was the rookie and he was awesome. And then at some point in the eighties they had ESP Knight and Bork came in and took the, took the his jersey off and he had the 77 underneath and he just gave Espo his jersey.


It's fucking amazing, amazing sports moment. You ever interview Esposito? No, I've, I've always heard he was kind of, kind of kind of lit. It was Letting it fly. Yeah. You had him on the radio show. Yeah, back in the early days. I mean we were thrilled. We're like man we get Esposito for eight minutes. This is gonna, yeah. Fucking week is made Just like a crazy Italian guy But just the second he's on the air with you. Yeah, it's just on. Yeah, he was great. Let's take a break and then we have a lot of basketball to hit because today Nothing, A little Simmons masters moment Fresh Augusta. You don, you got anything for us? Well, I'll tell you this. On, on Wednesday I split up with the group I was with and I was with Nathan and I think Chang and we just ended up on the fifth pole watching them put, and it was Rory, it was Lowry, it was John Rom and it was Fleetwood.


And in the practice run you can kind of like you're just fucking around. You can basically hit with whoever. I think they let them decide a little bit. So the four of them were playing, they were all gambling and they were clear, they were buddies and we were right there when they were all teeing off on the sixth hole. And we felt like Lowry and Rory were betting. So we were all excited like, oh, I wonder what they're betting like. And they're kind of keeping track and just, they seem loose. And it was one of the reasons I picked Rory to win because I was like, Rory seems loose. He's like betting with Lowry, this seems good. Fast forward to when he wins today, Lowry was one of the guys waiting for him. Like almost like he was a family member. I don't know if he saw that Rory comes off the course and he is hugging different things. He sees Lowry like huge long hug and like high fives and then Fleetwood, same thing.


And I was like, oh those Must be like, that's like his Ryder Cup crew, you know, all his dudes. But anyway, it just, it stuck out 'cause we had that moment on Wednesday. We were like, wow Roy, Roy seems loose. This is a good sign. 'cause coming off last, last summer, who knows? All right, we're gonna take a break, we'll talk, we'll talk a little Warriors clips and some playoffs and some all NBA.


This episode is brought to you by Ultra running. Every pair of ultra shoes has a roomy toe box and zero to load drop, which lets your toes spread and keeps your foot in a more natural position. All in the name of comfort and performance with a variety of styles. There's a shoe for everyone. It's comfort. You have to feel to believe. Try Ultra for yourself with a free 30 day trial and free shipping@ultrarunning.com.


This episode is brought to by Intuit TurboTax. Taxes was waiting and wondering and worrying. It's almost like how in the old days of fantasy football, we used to have to tally the scores on a Monday and then the commissioner would just mail them out to everybody and you would wait three days to see if you won. Those were the old ways of doing it. Now taxes is matching with a TurboTax Live full service expert who gives your taxes their undivided attention. They can file your taxes as soon as today. And while they do, you get real time updates on their progress. Meaning you can get back to what's important the game. Now this is taxes Intuit TurboTax. Get an expert now on turbotax.com.


This episode is brought to you by Whole Foods Market. As the weather gets warmer, it's time for lighter meals, right? You know that Whole Foods market has just what you're looking for. Great everyday prices. The yellow low price signs help you save money every day without compromising the quality you expect at Whole Foods Market. Like low price RESPONSIBLY, farmed Atlantic salmon or no antibiotics ever ground beef or boneless skinless chicken breast plus much more throughout the store. Wherever you see yellow at Whole Foods market, you know you're saving money. Save on the best of Spring with great everyday prices at Whole Foods Market.


Alright, game of the day, game 82, which I think was a lot more fun last year this year we knew a lot of the matchups and the records, but we did have this incredible Clippers warriors game that it's, it's tough every time. There's a great game, you wanna do the game of the year. But I think that actually might've been the game of the year because there were real stakes and both teams really wanted it. And I think both teams wanted the rest. I don't even think it was about the matchups as much as can we get five, six days off here. The Warriors definitely wanted it 'cause they have an older team and the Clippers are playing this, you know, they're the, they have Kawai Jenga and the Game. The game was fascinating for a whole bunch of different reasons.


The Clippers win and I'm gonna start here because I felt that way before the game. I think the Clippers are the second best team in the West. Okay, Counter any counter. Well the only thing that I would counter is just all the stuff that all of us would say about, okay, well in the playoffs, like are they a riskier bet than these other teams? But as far as who is playing the best basketball right now, they're the second best team in the West. So I'm not gonna argue with you. Yeah, Last 15 going into today, number one offense, number one defense. The thing is real March, April, he's playing 36 minutes a game. He's shooting it like Crazy. Zoo is one of the most underrated players in the NBA and on top of everything else, like you can just see the difference against some of these teams that may want to go small because I still think there's like three or four teams that would prefer to go small.


OKC can do whatever they want. Houston wants to play Golden state of play, big Golden State definitely wants to play small. The Lakers definitely wanna play small. And so now that you have this first round matchup four, five, like so it's not like they're gonna be, you know, I dunno, I mean some weird stuff would've to happen. And again, looking at the seating of the whole thing. So it's not like they're just gonna run through all these small teams, but if you want to go small against the Clippers, it's a, it's gonna be a big problem because zoo is such a huge part of their offense. They trust him more and he just beats the hell outta you. What, what's, let's talk zoo because I think it ties into a bigger thing with the Clippers. I think he's gonna be on the 13 mile NBA for me and I'll make the case for it later.


Okay. But I can't believe, and I've been watching him really carefully the last month because it was jumping out at me during games, started looking at the stats, started talking to some people asking like, am I craz or is zoo bot's like incredibly important in this team? And is he kind of better than people realize you watch the game today? He was awesome in that game. I mean I, I don't know how many times he defended the rim against somebody and either thwarted a drive or changed somebody's direction on a drive. But it was between 15 and 20. Not to mention the OOP stuff, not to mention the rebounds. And he plays, he plays Big Minutes every game and he, I think he's played 79 games this year.


He is like 32, 33 minutes a game and he doesn't get in foul trouble. So like the thing I was thinking with all NBA was hey I've had Jaron Jackson in there all year and I'm just watching Z Bots going, this guy plays all the time. He stays on the court, he's gotten better as the year goes along. And to me, like the guy that he really reminds me of is Gal on the Grizzlies that 2000 13, 14, 15 era Gau. He's not the passer gal was but his big how he's always in the right positions with his hands up players and the other team are always afraid of him protecting the rim. He grabs, he's a better rebounder than gal was. And if you watch what the Warriors today when they were, when they were posting up Zoo bots, the Warriors were reacting and sending a double every time.


And the Clippers, when they need baskets, sometimes they run stuff through him. So to set up the other guys, I just think, I think he's the third best center in basketball right now behind towns and Yoic. Obviously Yoic is number one but I think he's third. I really do. Well If you wanna run your offense room, you can, you can trust him now to catch, depending on where you wanna set him up. Because you know, we saw, I mean there's a few different things obviously that happened in the length of an overtime game, but early on it's like, let's make sure we get some touches and let's see how Golden State wants to defend this. And so if you double him, he'll get it right out and he can swing it so you can trust him to do that. If you let him get deeper off of a drive. Like Harden plays it brilliantly. I mean the best thing Harden's ever done his entire career I think is off that high ball screen.


And then you have the, you have almost basically the big shadowing you but with Zoo he doesn't even need to necessarily roll off the high screen. He can be just in the dunker spot and then that guy comes over to help on the Harden drive because Harden's just so good on that kind of stuff. And then Harden finds these passing lanes that wraparound that he made going to his left side with his left hand where it looked like the angle was completely shut off is great. And if you run through the numbers, golden State was forcing turnovers really good on ball defense. They got up 36, 25, 10 52, the second quarter they bring zoo back in and they close the half, 35, 22. There's all sorts of numbers that just point to his impact. And then if you look At the best, no it's gotta the point where they, they, you almost feel like they have to hold on when he is out.


That's how I felt in the fourth quarter. You have these Ben Simmons minutes and you're like, they just gotta make sure they don't fall down eight before Zox comes in. Like that's how important he's become for them. And all the Clipper fans, that's all they talk about. They think he's like the most underrated guy in the league. Like they're like Scientologists About it. I agree with that. He's, but they, there was this Ben Simmons stretch, if You could come speak Bill at our Zbox thing is There, is there a z botch festival? We have a medal for you. There Was a Ben Simmons stretch where the Warriors were like, you know what, fuck this, we're going zone Ben Simmons, knock yourself out at the foul line, try to make some plays. And it was, it was brutal. Like legit brutal. And then he finally made one pass and got an assist.


But I don't know if that's sustainable for them in the playoffs. Any Ben Simmons minutes now, they didn't have platoon today and I think Platoon is really important for them. And actually they can, as crazy as it sounds against the right team even go super small with him and maybe not play Ben Simmons at all. But I, I just think the way Kawai is playing, you mentioned that was he 24 and seven since the all star break and getting shots, getting to his spots defensively, he's starting to look not a hundred percent like San Antonio Kawai, but he's like, you know, it's it's he turn it reminiscent on. He could turn it On. Yeah. I dunno that it's ever gonna be that again. So no, I think you're being totally fair about that because you're just talking about He's 33 a Level, a level of intensity.


Maybe they didn't even want him to play that I intensely, but you're right on the Simmons thing, I'm glad you brought up Atto not being available because I was of the exact same thing. They go zone, it was kind of working except they weren't corral in the basketball. So they're giving up offensive rebounds, which is one of the problems of the zone anyway. Especially if you're small and Simmons just doesn't really, I, I don't, I mean this isn't breaking news, but he's not playable when he has to think about what he's doing, it's over. So he was good enough on tapping a couple balls out. He did have that one assist but he had two other passes on the right side where you, he tried to throw like a no look at one point, right? And you're just going like, what whatcha doing right now? But you And nobody's fouling him intentionally either because that's the other piece you can do in the playoffs.


Just try to take them out's crazy. You wouldn't wanna do that because they want him to stay in the court to have seen it that way. Because I felt the Same way. It's like the Clippers have to survive these non Z bot minutes. Especially because Simmons is in there and the more possessions they probably roll with Simmons, the more it's just guys screaming from the gold state bench. Like don't even worry about it. Like if he sets a screen too with the ball, right? If he cuts through, don't worry about it. Like if he's not gonna catch it in the post and then turn around and work us in a mismatch or something, we'll be fine. It's just they really struggle to rebound during that stretch. It's like that Pat's the second Pat's giant Super Bowl when Chad Exactly. I Remember that Chad Ochocinco was the second receiver for the Pats and I was at the game and you could see the entire Giants coverage was like, we don't have to worry about that side of the field.


We could just cover him with one guy. The safety doesn't even have to shade over. That's Ben Simmons on offense. You don't have to shade over. It's like, what's he gonna do? He can't shoot, doesn't wanna shoot, he's not gonna drive through the basket because he's wanna get fouled. So they're just trying to survive five minutes game back to Zubo. So he's plus 9.2 net heading into the game today, by far the best clipper, he's played 2,600 plus minutes. He leads the league in offensive rebounds for the year. He is 17 and 13 since the Allstar break. He's 20 and 13, I think he's had 15 double doubles in a row. He's shooting 65% since the Allstar break and he stays on the court. That's the thing like, like Jaron Jackson, I just feel like if I like, would you be shocked in the playing game if Jaron Jackson has five fouls with 10 minutes to go in the fourth quarter of the playing game?


You wouldn't be, 'cause he can't stay on the court ACH contests all the time with his hands up. But he stays in the court. So I don't know. I just think with him and Leonard and Harden that's, it's not the best big three of the 16 playoff teams, but it's a legitimate big three if Kawhi is gonna play this way. I think, Look, I'm on your side on this one so I know it'd be better if we were to disagree about the whole thing. I mean clearly Jaron Jackson has a much better offensive game than Zoo does. But he's asked to do two different things. I mean his skillset, I wouldn't even compare the two things if I were with Memphis, I'd be like, Hey Jaron, you know when the other team gets the ball and they're bringing it up to court, run away from the guy with the ball in his hands. Like Stop and maybe grab, stop getting these, you grab like one more rebound a quarter would be awesome.


Couple More rebounds would be Nice. Maybe you get to like nine. Yeah, but Zoo, if you look at the RI protection stuff likes off the charts, ping's numbers are incredible, but zoos are really good there as well. So yeah, you know, maybe the downside of zoo was maybe you can't play five out, you know, does it, does it impact some of the driving lane stuff that you wanna do? If you wanna have a Norm Kauai Harden group out there, because I still feel like that's my favorite default of having any kind of big, that can stretch a defense a little bit. Yeah, so you have to worry about the shooting, but to have hardened not have a center as much as it's gonna open up some space. Like he's, those two guys are just locked in right now and Kauai doesn't really need to drive.


It's a lot of pull up stuff with him. And even Jimmy Butler who's changed the story for the Warriors this season, like you saw when they got one-on-one, he was too big for Butler, he's too big for him and Butler. It's not like Butler's small or like guy you would question his strength or toughness, but so glad He brought that up. Kawhi Would get him in some spots like 12 feet in and you're like, he's gonna, he doesn't have a chance. And they had to put on back on him. I was, I noted it 'cause it was weird to see, I don't wanna use the word bullied, but basketball bullied where he just was too strong for Butler. And you always assume Butler in your head, he's like 6 9, 2 40 and he's just not, It gives you a chance, well, yes, six, seven maybe, but a chance you're thinking, okay, at least I'm matching ka some Of this. Like, oh, this is great.


Jimmy Butler's on me. He's not afraid of him, he's not gonna get in an alpha battle with him. He is just gonna do his, his machine thing. The the other piece was OTs and Hardin together. Hardin's had this before 'cause he had it on the Rockets with Dwight during the last kind of stages of Dwight's Prime and then Capella too. But I mean, I'm talking big physical centers that are around the rim and he really used Dwight. I mean they made the 2015 West finals. That team was good. I think what he's established with Zoo Bots is, is pretty great like that. Like they're really attuned to, they'll, they'll run that high screen at the very top and then Z bots will roll down and he's almost like a left tackle.


He's just like, he's kind of barreling at the guys, knocking guys over. And Harden always seems to know exactly where he is. I think they're really good. I was talking to a bunch of Clipper fans over the last couple days and they were kind of deep down wondering if they were better off going to the seven seed and winning the playing game and then playing Houston. But the, the rub on that is you don't get the six days of rest for a Kauai. So this worked out perfectly. I I will say I don't think it would've been a disaster for them if they felt a seven. I think this is worse for the Warriors because I don't think they wanna put miles on these dudes. And I think it's, it's creaky to begin with. And we've seen some games, like they had that third and four last week and that Sunday game where Houston just annihilated them athletically and just seemed like they were 10 years younger than them.


So now you're putting miles on them in the Tuesday game with Memphis. Now you're starting the playoffs. You just don't, it's just you're, you're adding miles to a team that doesn't need Miles. Curry already looks, you know, I don't know what, how many injuries he's nursing at this point, but it's at least three. They needed this bad. Yeah, for everything you just said and to see what Steph looked like after that time off. It's a bit like that Kyrie stuff that we used to talk about a couple years ago when Kyrie was going off because he wasn't playing that much. Like I can't once a Yeah, But it was like, I, I can't believe Kyrie's doing this. Like look at and he's barely even playing and you're like, no, the whole point is he's this fresh. Like can you imagine? Yeah. Only having to play like once a week.


And I'm not even turning into the Kyrie conversation, but I think it's just something to remember when somebody's not available all the time, it actually can be an advantage as opposed to losing your rhythm. So in the games or Steph came back in that Memphis game I was watching like holy shit, like he's flying around and I don't know that, you know, I'm necessarily like looking at it being like worried he had a really slow start then he has 18 to send it to overtime in the fourth quarter. So it's like, okay, it's fine. Vince relocating the way he should be. And you know, I look at some of the Butler stuff because, so completely different team since that trade in every statistical category. But maybe going to that game live against the Lakers where he decided to start playing like 14 minutes into the game.


I'm like, you know, dude, these are these, these are like, granted they won that game and stuff was brilliant, but you like you're gonna need to not be as as passive. And he, and he wasn't, I don't think at the start of tonight at all. Like he got it going I think when they needed him. But overall, Butler's still only taking 10 shots a game. He was taking 10 shots a game in Miami. The metrics are always great for him because the free throw rate is so absurd. But they may, I don't know if it's a, Hey it's playoff Jimmy, so none of it really matters. But there's probably still, even with this great turnaround, probably moments for him where it's like you need to be looking for your stuff a little bit more because I thought there were Drives.


Well, like in the second quarter he did it felt like he was taking over the game and then he'd just shoot, see, shoot again for a while. Yeah. He, he'll go through these spells where I would just think that in the, the postseason and his, his, his work over the last few years tells us that he's gonna be that guy again. But I, I think it gets lost in this turnaround because he still is really pacing himself at times offensively. But the fact that he's even there has made Steph's life better. Because when they were, when they were up just falling apart, it's like, dude, you're asking Steph to run around for 20 seconds and get free and nobody cares. Like nobody cares About any Of these other guys. His Ability, the free throws are huge. Yeah. They stop the game, they put pressure on the other team.


He's so competitive. The Clippers are a bad matchup for them. They've been a bad matchup for them for a couple years. I've been to games where I was like, how do their, how are the Clippers winning this? They would just be able to turn it on. I don't know. I I, I wonder in a weird way, if this Memphis play game is easy for the Warriors and they get to two seven with Houston and they can somehow from a health standpoint be okay, this probably worked out. I know the, I know not getting the rest sucks, but playing a Houston team that has no playoff pedigree at all, that's like a really, really young playoff team going against Steph and Jimmy and Draymond. Right. And you can take that one and then round two, you know, potentially the Lakers or the, or Minnesota.


But if it's the Lakers, I think that Warriors match up really well with the Lakers. They're just gonna play small against the Lakers. It's small ball against small ball and I think they're gonna be really comfortable against them. Yeah, I I think you're right about that. I don't know if the Lakers who wanna play small played in the Golden State's hands in that last regular season game a couple weeks ago, like intentional, well clearly the Warriors would rather go small even though they're playing post, but he's kind of that five out guy that we're talking about here a little bit. They don't wanna play Jackson Hayes. I dunno if that'll be a match of specific thing for the playoffs, but clearly their preference is ru its center. And it's not that they're small, right, because they're big at all their positions other than Vincent or if Goodwin were to get any minutes. Like they're actually a really big team.


But if they wanna They're, they're bulky, they're a bulky team. You like their girth. Yeah, they got a lot of girth. I, I was trying to figure all this stuff out this morning. Like I was going through the regular season series and then who missed how many games And that ends up, It's, it's the worst ever. It, there's no, I did it again this year. I hate myself. It's a nightmare because even this game with the Clippers in Golden State, it's the first time everybody was ready to go. I mean, Kauai and some of the other matchups hasn't even played against any of these teams because he came back so much later and sometimes the schedule works out. It's like, alright, they've already played each other four times, but the fourth game was in December. So then you go, okay, what does that even mean as you get ready for the playoffs here? But that Houston game, I'm glad you brought up because I was thinking, all right, is there a good part of this?


Like I, I would think the Warriors would rather play the Lakers just because there's not a size thing that's looming like Zoo watch, granted he wasn't gonna be in the matchup in the first round. Well In this case it would be a Shang goon. Like eh, what do we do? Do we keep loony out? Because did you notice in that clipper game the Warriors were playing really well with about four minutes left and Draymond wasn't out there and it was loony 'cause they needed him for zoo bots and Draymond was on the bench and the Warriors, the ball was moving and they looked good. And it got to the point where I was like, I wonder if they could big dray on it. And then obviously they went the commercial came back, they brought him in. But you know, that's not that, that's when, when he's not out there sometimes, I'm not saying they're better without him, but there's lineups without him that I kind of like, especially when Po Zeki and and Butler are flying around.


I think Moody, I Rudy's turned into a guy that I, I really feel like is a guy now defense, like defensively defense. He's really, really high level, don't you think? Absolutely. And he deserves a ton of credit for turning himself into this. But I mean he had plays where he stripped Norm just one on one at the top of it, as they were trying to get another offense, he had the block on the left side and it's just Moody's definitely, you're right. Like he's turned himself into somebody that Kirk can probably trust depending on what the perimeter matchups are there. But I think that Houston win in Golden State going back not that long ago, just a few days ago. It was Yeah, a week ago. Yeah, he's won 10. Like that's one of those Butler games where I'm like, does, does he need to take more than seven shots in 33 minutes?


And sometimes the shot attempts get lost in the free throws, but they only took four free throws in that one and you had 42 shot attempts between Pasky Healed and Peyton where Around They shot it. Well, but that's probably not what you want. And they, they sold out. I mean Houston did a terrific job of not only men being on him, but making sure that wherever he was going there was gonna be a second defender there. So yeah, it's Kind of your point. And they're super physical. Is it, is it better to be against them because they don't have the big that scares you? Or is it We're gonna throw a million athletes with a ton of length. That's Steph. And so when we're done with then it gonna, we're Brooks beat up for a little bit. That's where, but you probably going, we need you to take 16 shots tonight in these Yeah, that, I mean that game they played Thursday, Friday and again older team and they just seemed like they had no legs for that Houston game.


But that's also the fear if you're playing Houston. 'cause that team is always gonna have energy. They're a really tough team. One of the things I love, they had A day off though. They had a day off in between there. Yeah, after The Denver. I'm saying the Thursday, Friday. Those were two tough ones in a row. 'cause they're playing, you know, contenders. But No, you're right. Those, those are big time games. Ey will definitely, he's proven he is not, he does not kowtow to the super duper stars in the league. He likes to start ship to them, talk to them, likes to get his guys fired up to go against them. And they have a bunch of pit bulls to throw a curry. They have a low post guy that's gonna either force Draymond to have to guard a center or you know, they could go that double big lineup.


Which I think is not gonna be easy for the Warriors. I don't love the matchup for them, but man, that warriors that, I mean that rockets play playoff in experience you saw today. I I kind of feel like they wanted that Nuggets game. I watch Did you watch the first half of that? Did you have that on? Yeah, I mean you could look and say they waved the white flag, but it's 'cause they were getting beat. They were down 20, They were getting, they were getting their ass kicked. They, they then it played played everybody and they were trying, they were playing hard. They wanted the game. I think, you know, knowing a little bit about EMA, I think he was like, look, this is a playoff game for us. Let's treat it like a playoff game. Let's see what we got. And they sucked. So not awesome for them. And conversely, that was the best game. I've seen Denver play in a while and maybe this new coach thing, if you read about all the dysfunction that was going on behind the scenes, maybe there's something to it.


It's like, it's like peeling off, you know, peeling off a, a huge bandaid and just being like, fuck it. I hate that we, I don't think it'll happen this time around. But we've lost Steph in the playoffs twice because of the setup. What do you mean? Oh, for la? Oh, I know he's, no, he's, he's oh three and playing games. Is that true? Oh my God, you're right. He lost to the Lakers and then because they lost the Lakers, they had to play Memphis and he had 37 and 39 in those games and they lost. And then in 24 he lost Sacramento last year.


Well the good news is I think Memphis just looks awful. I mean, you, you're not catching a team at a better time than this whatever is happening with this Grizzlies team right now. So I'm not, I'm not too concerned about the words. They did something weird that I don't remember what the schedule. And I'm excited to talk about the matchups there. There's no Thursday game this year, which I'm pretty sure that wasn't the case the last couple years. Both of the playing games are Friday. Maybe they did that before and I just forgot. So if for some reason the Warriors lost that Tuesday game, they'd have to play Friday and then immediately on Sunday, which would not be awesome for them.


Can we talk about all the ma the, the matchups that came out of this quick? Yeah, so we Warriors Rockets, which we hit. Do you share my same concerns with Houston? Like yeah, I know it's in there, but playoffs are a different animal. Do you have another level to go to or do you think there's something more there that I'm not seeing? I think they're really good, but you know, we're looking at a two seed that over the course of 82 games, it's kind of like our Verno ambush talking about Memphis. Yeah. Where it was like, hey, they were the two seed, they were the two seed. Hey they were the two seed before all this stuff. I mean it's like three years. You can point to them like, hey, being the two seed, the two seed some years sounds way better.


Years are moved than the reality of like what the records were of the teams that year. Denver was a one seed that year when Memphis was a two seed. And I think Denver had 53 wins in 23 when they won the title. And then if you go through the rest of the seating, I mean that's why it's so crazy to kind of look back and you're like, Hey, Memphis was the two seed, but they had 51 wins. Sacramento was a three seed with 48 wins, 48 wins now in the West would put you seven, either the seven or eight seed. Yeah. So conference Three was so much weaker and more injuries, all kinds of stupid stuff. So look, I, I definitely will have hesitation about big boy playoff, closing offensive minutes for the Houston Rockets.


I think it's completely fair and I think Yoko will decide on the fly. I I would be shocked if it's a steady closing five during clutch time for them where I, I think he'll, he'll go with some guys and he'll abandon others and he won't give a shit. Which is actually probably the best thing you could hope for with a coach where he's like this night, I mean we just saw, we did a conversation on it right, about this exact topic and you know, I looked, some people were giving a shit Rockets fans like, oh they would never do that that night. I think the next night he benched Jalen Green with five minutes to go in the game and then brought him in with 11 seconds left because they were down, the game was already over and it was like, can you get us a bucket here? So yeah, Jaylen's probably the best option still with Van Lea, but I don't know man, I've seen enough of him this year to know that it gets clogged despite how great the record was.


And the clutch is that, do you have anything else? It's a team that looks better when they're up to 10. I think this series will, I think sets a, set the standard for lobbying the press between games to get whatever agenda you want from from, from the next game. You know, Kerr's gonna be working hard the whole, the whole Houston hold staff away from the ball. They're too physical with him, they're getting away with stuff. They'll send quips, they'll do that whole thing and then, you know, there'll be a backlash to that. And I, I just think it's gonna be a war of words. But you also have, if Dylan Brooks in this series, pre storied history with Golden State, you have a Golden State Houston history.


That's pretty good. So if this is what we end up with and and a weird matchup where you have size against a team that doesn't really wanna play with size and then older, older perimeter guys against this kind of new wave of perimeter guys who we haven't really seen in the, in the spotlight like this. So it's a good one. I would, I would personally still take Golden State if I had to. Do you wanna guess the line? Oh they don't have a line for that yet. Do have, Well because we dunno the matchup from Memphis Gold State. I do Lines for the other two. Have you looked or no I haven't. Okay, let's play a quick guess the lines. Trademark cousin sell Lakers.


I'll say Golden. Okay, go ahead. Lakers, Minnesota LA s home court. What do you think the line is on FanDuel right now For the series Lakers minus 180 5. Wow, that was really good. Minus 1 72. And we'll talk about that in one second. Denver Clippers, what do you have Denver as home court. I'm gonna say clippers because look, this has been going on for a while. This is like a month of this. Okay, so this isn't new. I almost feel like this is, might be closer to Clippers. Minus 200 Denver is home court.


Oh, so they're just going with the home court part of this Denver, I'm just reminding you Clippers minus one 50 then Nuggets minus 1 44. Sounds like we have some wagers to make. I felt the same way. I thought it would be like a pick them and maybe it will be by the time, by the time we get there. Clippers and six is an interesting, interesting bit. And then in the east, which you probably already know this, That's, that actually shocks me. I mean I realize that it's Denver and I know that it's Yoki, which I learned from one of the playoff previews on espn. But I, this Clippers thing is fucking real man. So, but you know, do we, are we, are we Tricking Ourselves?


No, we're not. We're not. Okay. Right. If Kauai gets hurt, that's, we all understand what is potentially in play for a guy that's in street clothes to close out the last four years I think in the playoffs. But are we tricking ourselves into believing that the elevated pace, understanding harden's tendencies more the deer in the headlight game two or game four from him and then we see it and we go, how could you have ever picked this team? Because I'm gonna pick him against Denver. I dunno how far I'm gonna go with it, but I'm gonna pick him against Denver. I'm 100% picking, I'm against Denver. And it feels like we're in a law and order S-V-S-V-U episode where it's like, I've watched this exact episode 13 times. Why do I think it's not the, the dead lady's husband who's, 'cause he is a doctor and he seems like a great guy.


Well have to go back. It can't be him. They have to go back. It can't back. Yeah other, he's the country club, don't go back to the hospital. He's fi this guy loved her. That's how I feel about you like the Clippers. It's like this is the, I stay healthy and this is the year James Harden isn't gonna shit on himself in a playoffs series. So we got this. Is There, is there anything too, because I wanna ask you this question. Hardin not having to be the one because of Kauai and it's like, okay but that was supposed to be mb so Hardin wasn't supposed to be the one in the six ER series, but then we could have this whole other MB playoff discussion that we don't have to do this year. Is there anything to the importance of him being reduced going in that makes you feel better?


Hundred percent. Well there's two things that make me feel better about him. One is that this is the best supporting cast for him that I can remember him having. It's all the things you would wanna put around him. If we were just like, I'm gonna come over to your house. Let's spend the next two hours picking types of players that you would wanna put around James Harden. Let's Definitely do, do That. Yeah, I'll come over tonight. But you'd wanna a a rebounding center who could finish around the basket and finish alleys. You'd want an older star who could be like, I've got this. That's Kauai. You'd want some streaky shooters. Right. That's Norm Powell, that's who's the other streaky shooter in that team?


I'm blanking. Derek Jones Jr. I guess he is kind of streaky and then you'd want like length to protect him on defense. And then Chris Dun. So he'd have to play defense. And then the Chris Dun piece. I just really liked the roster. I think they did an awesome job. I think we ve gotta do a little bit better done Derek Jones things. Well I'm just saying realistically if you're using the salary cap. Yeah. Okay. And you had put together a team. It's gonna probably look something like this, but yeah, the Kauai thing. This is what all the Clipper fans I know they're like, it's a yeah, but it just is every year he's pulled the rug out from under them and every year they believed and thought he was gonna be finally this is and then the rug gets pulled out. So this is, this is like year six of this for them.


So you're saying better than Westbrook and then PJ Tucker Center? Yeah, slightly. I think so. What's and the Death. The death screens from zoo. Like you run into one of his screens, you're gonna get a step. He, The other thing with them is I just don't, this Denver bench, I just, I'll say this, I refuse to believe Westbrook won't be heard from in the wrong way in a Clipper's nugget series. He's just looming in the wrong way because there's gonna be a game, there's gonna be a Jamal Murray has to come out 'cause his knee's not feeling great. Somebody's in foul trouble where Westbrook's just gonna be involved.


And I've just, I've seen enough with him at CrunchTime. I just don't, I don't think he's somebody that can be out there in the final four minutes of a big game. I dunno if he will. I I think that Sacramento game, that Might've Been it this past week. No, I I think that that was a sign. I think that was a sign they went with pick to close. Oh when with Yeah right. With With a, with pickets. Like never been in any games like that. That's the thing. Totally. Exactly. Like I'm Jesus that makes me more nervous. I dunno. I dunno which one I would want less just probably picket like Full, full statement on this. Yeah, Westbrook's actually taking I think too much shit on this Thing. Oh yeah, yes.


Yeah. Silla backs Westbrook Aggregators. Now if you're telling me he had to not make any mistakes all season, okay fine. And the fact that I think Game of the Year is still the overtime 60 point triple double from Yoko against Minnesota because you had an yo each other. But you're right, the stakes are not the same as game 82. But that's my favorite game of the season. And you have the Westbrook layup or not killing Clock or then the foul at the end. But because everybody was watching that game 'cause it's one of the best games the entire year, then it started turning into like, look, if you are expecting a mistake free experience from him, then just pick a different guy. There's, look, even Steph who I love, he had two bad turnovers late in this game. He got caught in the corner. He had another thing he was trying to do in the baseline. But the 18 points kind of makes up for that a little bit.


But with all of this, because of his history where it felt like every place he's gone post KC couldn't wait for him to get outta the, although I'd say attention To the half and half in the fridge. Yeah. That you have to sniff and you're like, oh I gotta throw this out. Although I think Wizards fans enjoyed it. I think Wizards fans enjoyed when he was there. So I would add that one to like the positive part of this. And sure I should Malone have let him gone to LA and and get the vet treatment that the other guys did. I don't know, like whatever that's, I don't think that's why they fell apart, but he's being thrown into the storyline of this a few times. Oh well Westbrook also did this and there was some complaints over the minutes I've been maybe 'cause my standards or expectation for him are so low.


He's done the best job he's ever done in his career post OKC accepting his role. We agree. I'm just saying You can't believe him saying it. No. If he's the sixth most important person on your team, there might be some issues at this point in his career. We should have mentioned him earlier at the top when we were talking about people taking the mantle for Rory. Now that Rory's one, who would be the best people Westbrook kind of rising up as a super sub in the playoffs helping drag the Nuggets. It's not the same though. It's not the same. Like if Chris Paul gets a ring next year, by the way, shout out Chris Paul. 82 games. 82 Games if He gets a ring Now it doesn't mean like, hey I was right.


So I also don't know that Rory had the, as many stops, as many tumultuous stops as Westbrook did. So I dunno if that one works Westbrook 10 years from now, it's gonna be great for him. When it, a little like what's happened to Carmelo and some others where we just forget all the bad stuff. Like Russell Westbrook, who's the problem? MVP Triple double. Are you anticipating kids don't even know Clips? I think, I think it could be there. Hey, if you put together those, they're gonna be like, wonder how many rings did he have? It's got 25 rebounds in a game. I, I'm convinced the Clippers will beat the nuggets and also fully expect something heartbreaking to happen for them.


I it's, it's one of those I'm gonna bet the Clippers and probably regret it by game three. We're gonna take a break and then we gotta talk a couple of the other playoffs series here.


This episode is brought to you by MICHELOB ULTRA Spring is here my favorite time of the year. That means the NBA playoffs are here too. What am I the most excited about? I'm excited to see the Celtics can defend their title. I'm excited to see if Steph Curry and Yoic can keep going and going and going round after round. I'm excited for the potential of an LA versus LA playoff series. It's never happened. Clippers Lakers, never in my lifetime is OKC For real Is Cleveland for real? Is SGA gonna prove that he is the best, best scoring guard in the postseason? Basically since Michael Jordan, since Kobe Bryant. Is he on that level? We're all gonna find out. There's plenty to look forward to on and off the court. Like MICHELOB ULTRA Courtside, that's another thing. It's getting fans closer to the game with unique prizes. Plus they're giving the chance to win tickets to the NBA finals. You heard me, the NBA finals, which I hope are in Boston. Just head to michelob belcher.com/nbas. Michelob belcher courtside NBA finals sweepstakes no purchase necessary open US residents excluding Maryland residents 21 and up begins 9:00 AM ET on February 16th, 2025 ends on May 5th, 2025. See official rules at MICHELOB ULTRA dot com slash rules for price and details. Message and data rate may apply Void we're prohibited.


This episode is brought to you by Audi. The all new fully electric Audi Q six E-tron is a huge leap forward featuring effortless power, serious acceleration. The most advanced tech of any Audi ever experience technology that puts you center stage with a panoramic digital stage plus an optional screen for front seat passengers. Perfect for watching the latest sports documentary. The Q six e tron is not just a new ev, it's a new way to experience driving. Learn more at audi usa. Do com. Always pay careful attention to the road and do not drive while distracted.


This episode is brought to by LinkedIn During the season every baseball team plays 162 games. It's a true test of endurance. It's not enough to have a hot month or two. You need sustained dominance throughout. While the same is true for your small business, it's not enough to have a great Q2 or even a great year. You want year over year growth that starts with better hires. That'll be there for the long haul to find those hires. Use LinkedIn. LinkedIn has strong hiring data and insights that you won't find anywhere else to help pair you with the best candidates from unique skills and interests to the connections you have in common. Based on LinkedIn data, 72% of small businesses say that LinkedIn helps high quality talent. LinkedIn also lets you go beyond people who are actively applying in a given week. 171 million LinkedIn members aren't actively seeking jobs but they are open to new opportunities. That's a big pool to miss out on. If you're not hiring with LinkedIn, find your next great hire on LinkedIn. Post your job for free at LinkedIn dot com slash simmons. That's LinkedIn dot com slash simmons to post your job for free terms and conditions apply.


All right, so we got Minnesota Lakers. This feels like a win for the Lakers and I'm not sure who I would've wanted to play the least if I them, but because it basically came down to the two, the Clippers Golden State or Minnesota, they were gonna play one of those teams. Being in the three spot in Minnesota I think feels like the right outcome for them because I don't know how Gobert exists in this series. So let's start there. How does Gobert exist in this series? Oh man. I mean Luca was funny when he was tearing up. Did you hear about this? They asked him which moment got him in the tribute video and he was like, when I hit that step back on go bear.


Hmm. Gobert played it great. Yeah, I thought dudes hate Gobert. Kevin Porter Jr. Not afraid to get into it with everybody. Just actually important from m walkie lately and playing some, some good basketball. Getting into my Expect into everybody, everybody, everybody. What Happens if, if, if he hands up on the pistons next year we might have to have, have security guards on hand for every game. Beef stews just like, look, first practice new guys, we beat the shit outta you. But it's just sort of like, I dunno if you saw colors, it's older movie like we're just gonna have to like initiate you so you know, ice up. Don't look at me.


I I think you're right about that because I, I, it's a bit like the e thing that we were talking about there with Finch. Like will he, because there were times of the year it like felt like he was sick of Randall Randall's probably played the best basketball. They needed him huge in that Memphis game. He was, he was fantastic when they just ran away from the grizzlies. Gobert is like, especially in that match if he's closing. But I do wonder with the stuff that we're talking about, how the Lakers prefer to be real perimeter based, if it'd be a situation where they're gonna be, you know, bringing, bringing Rudy out. Because like the best part about Rudy is the guy screens, he plays his ass off. He hustles like crazy but nobody wants to pass to him. And then if he gets caught in a switch hunting season, then it could be I I think like, like Houston Bill, I think Minnesota is gonna Have a bunch of different right needs like Joe and Adam's combo to make sense in a series this.


They're just gonna play Luca and LeBron and Ru as much as they possibly can with Reeves and pi guard and they're just gonna spread them out. JJ as we've discussed many times, this coaching staff's done a really good job at figuring out what the matchup is and then how to exploit. They're gonna exploit him and they're gonna play him off the court. But that's gonna lead to Minnesota probably ending up with Nas Reed and Randall and McDaniels and Edwards and Vincenzo. If they want size or Conley, if they don't care about it as the five they're going against and that's gonna be hard for, for the Lakers defensively. I think they're gonna have all these, they're, they're gonna attack Reeves.


They're gonna probably try to get Edwards in as many switches they as they possibly can against Reeves and they're gonna have the same shooting stuff. And I actually think this will be a higher scoring series than I think people realize because people think of Minnesota as this awesome defensive team and you know, if you take Gobert out of it, it changes a little bit. But I, I think Minnesota has a real chance in the series. I think you're kind of shortchanging the perimeter guys though, from what we've seen in the playoffs last year, the Minnesota perimeter guys Defensively Jayden's really good on the ball against somebody small. The problem is, is him on the ball against Luca. Like I think we need, we saw it already Earth against him, right? Yeah, exactly. So with Jayden's defensive resume, which I think all of us really like, that's probably not gonna hold up.


And you're right, we saw some of that stuff last year. Well they could do the whole thing over. They're like, let's take out Reeves, let's, let's try to take out Reeves as much as we possibly can because Luca and LeBron are gonna get all their stuff anyway. What do you mean offensively? Like Focus on, I'm just saying like just make sure Reeves doesn't get going when they have those spots where like, you know, they take Luca out and it's LeBron and Reeves together when it's the two of them be like, look we gotta take out Reeves. They're never, they're never gonna stop. Luca. I, the thing that worries me more from Minnesota is Randall who as you mentioned has been really good the last like, I don't know, four or five, six weeks. But part of it is 'cause he's so physical and he's, oh especially if you guard him with anybody smaller, he really has been bully balling people lately.


But you're not bowling balling any of those dudes than the Lakers. Those guys have more size than he does, you know, so then it comes down to if you're looking at scoring and the end of the game stuff, it's gonna be a lot of Edwards and we've seen mixed results with that when Edwards is like in the high twenties, you know, if he has a 31 field goal game, I, I never really like Minnesota as much. I like when that's a little more democratic with the ball usage. The other thing too is three Their games finish Smith on Edwards too. Games three, their games were October 22nd, December 2nd December teams, No I looked up, yeah we didn't even see like both full teams that we have now against each other.


So we have no idea what to expect. No, but I, I think attacking Luca is gonna happen, you know, but they're probably just gonna double ant and then go alright and then McDaniels Conley minutes go ahead and shoot And if we get burned by that, fine maybe it changes with Steven Vincenzo and then I think there's a lot of, there's just a lot of room for Randall here because you're gonna sell out to stop Ant you're gonna keep two with the ball on him, him on all this stuff. You're gonna have to help out Luca. You know, it depends like the little Braun energy level, you know, it's, it's fascinating because you went to that game when he came back against Chicago and it would make sense he'd had times off but he moved so well in that game and then you can turn on a Lakers game two nights later and you're like, what's going on?


And then yeah, against Dallas, One of the more games recent. You see him last week? Yeah. I thought he's didn't go a couple games ago. I did. How did he look at that game? It was fine but it, there's Like clearly he knows how to pace himself probably better than anybody in the entire league. Like this is like year four or five. We talked about him like yeah he kind of, it's amazing spots. It's like alright, yep he hit 30 12 and 11 again. So he's doing fine. And I'd imagine that his intensity on some of the defensive stuff where I don't know that he can get away with the kind of switching where it's like, hey you go like I'm always staying here so I don't have to move on a switch or I'm gonna pre switch something to get out of it ahead of time so that I'm not in this thing over and over again.


I think in the regular season you can get away with some of that stuff. I don't know that that'll happen in the playoffs and I imagine his intensity and the time off and a little bit, it's just an easier schedule than what you have in the regular season. Even with the great intensity. Yeah we always seem to forget that. It's like, hey these, these built in days off. You're staying in the same place for a little while. Yeah. You get like three days off between game one and game two after you've already gotten a week off. It's perfect for him. So I think it's expected that he's gonna be more intense with all this kind of stuff. But you know, it may come down to like the ru part of it where Gobert has to, has to respect him and his shooting from three. So if so if Ru's in the screen or something like that, it's like, okay, well I can't, I can't ignore this guy.


Like that might be the difference in all this stuff because we know Ru Stars are gonna, your first team is ru on your first team. I can't believe how much I ended up liking this guy team. Well I would say Because I, I was starting at about a zero with him. Yeah, that's, and now I'm at about an 81. Everything we're always talking about is based on like, well where were you before? Like you really like him? No, he was an 11 outta hundred and now he's like 50. So yeah, that's doesn't mean I'm guy. I do, I I like, I like his competitiveness and I do think when he's good, if he's good in a game, they become really hard to beat. I thought what he, if he has it going, it's like, oh shit. He reminded me a lot of Kat, like you sit there and say, well Kat was a good matchup for Yoic and you go, alright well you know, is it 30 points?


It's, it's really the difference in these playoff games because Yoic is gonna get his 30. Was it an easy 30? Was it a hard 30? And I think Kat at least provided some kind of resistance to him. And I thought that regular season game where the Lakers put it on him, they're really good on how they didn't wanna space the floor defensively. And a lot of that started with Rui being tasked with, can you just at least challenge him on catches can, can you make him have to work a little bit more? And I thought he had a really good game there. Well we have a lot of time to talk about that series in the east. We ended up with Pistons, Knicks and we ended up with Bucks Pacers and the Pacers are minus two 30 favorites over the Bucks. Which I think is factoring in people don't seem to think we're gonna see Dame again. But the way Giannis is playing the last couple weeks and there's, there's a weird energy to him now that I kind of like, did you see all the stuff he did with the, in the Pistons game?


I watched the whole game, I loved it. There was, and there's been signs of this before. He's done this in the past a couple times. 'cause I think the perception is, oh Johannis, he's goofy. He's such a sweetheart of a guy and he's actually kind of a little bit nastier than I think people realize. But in that Pistons game, he was really like fucking with them. And it got me excited for the Indiana series 'cause Indiana has a better team. They've been playing better for three months. They have home court, they're gonna push the pace. I think they're gonna make it really hard for the Bucks Guards just to even bring the ball up and start the offense. But yet Giannis is on a tear and we'll see, we'll see what happens with with could Giannis beat the Pacers basically by himself would be the scenario.


I wouldn't bet against it, would you? No, I wouldn't because I feel like we're gonna look back at this Giannis stretch and go, you only want to MV one MVP out of this whole thing. And I mean, and granted everybody's gonna remember what Yoko should be doing here, but this is almost like a Joe Frazier Muhammad Ali thing in a way because I look at the numbers and it's not like when you watch it, it deceives you. It's, it's just so stupid how good he is it if you are not ready for it. I, I know this isn't new, but watching that Detroit game in particular because I wanna see how playing out Cade was coming off the great Nicks finish, right? So I wanted to see kind of how they were gonna defend him and then we were kind of looking at like playoffs seating and wondering what you could have as a potential matchup with all this stuff.


But he, he's going crazy the whole time, which is my favorite thing about him is that he's that competitive. Yeah. So when he blocks Beasley's shot, which was a huge shot in the game and Beasley who feels himself the entire two fucking hours of a basketball game. Yeah. So there were already gotten into and they Played together, Right. And Kevin Porter Jr. Dunks on during, which was filthy lets him have it a little bit dur comes down, screens the shit out of him. Porter doesn't like it, Porter runs right into him and hits him in a way like only a smaller player can get away with doing that to a bigger guy. And then it causes kind of the melay like Giannis at that point was like, alright, hey, he's is one of those guys. I don't think he gets enough credit for like when you piss him off. I'm not saying it's Jordan, but there's, there's an alarm that goes off like once Giannis is pissed off in a game.


So he's just gonna have to get pissed off I guess four times in this can, can something happen to him enough, right. Where it just becomes unstoppable because they are the better team and I think the Bucks are still searching for it. And you know, even with Kevin Porter getting, getting some better nights out of it, like that's asking A lot of that. Did he play 40 plus minutes in that one game Asking him to cover in a playoff rotation and like, Hey, don't have this fall apart. Because there's other times, I'd say a couple weeks ago I was like, what is Doc doing? Yeah. And clearly Doc was like, I may need this dude and we know how talented he is. So he was letting him kind of run the show that Houston game comes to mind when he was just a disaster. But he's played better. But then I'm like, okay, so the Pacers who I really like all their depth, Right?


I'm gonna pick Milwaukee with them, still trying to kind of figure this thing out on the fly. You know, in my favorite sports book ever Breaks of the Game, which is about the a a trailblazer season, the 79 and 80 season. And Bill Walton's gone and Dr. Jack Ramsey's trying to figure out what the team's identity is and he just can't figure it out. And then near the end of the season they bring up this guy Billy Ray Bates, who becomes like one of the best characters in the book. And he's just like basically this one-on-one ISO guy who doesn't play anything like the Dr. Jack style at all. He's, he's not like, you know, I pass, I cut. He's just like a one-on-one guy, but they're, they're starting to play better with him. And Dr. Jack has this crisis of philosophy of, I I, this guy, I don't know, he gives us the best chance to win.


We just, let's start running plays for him. And he starts really playing him. I almost feel like that's the porter thing with Doc where he is just like, I, I'm outta moves. Like if this Porter thing doesn't work, we're fucked. This guy can create shots for himself and other people and he plays hard and I guess we're gonna have to use him if Dame doesn't come back because he, their best lineup has Porter in it now. So we'll see. Yeah. 'cause he is that good at getting wherever he wants on the floor and his athleticism and in the finish and all that kind of stuff. But like, you know, is there a Lopez conversation on how that plays out? Is Kuzma gonna play great in the first half? Does Prince hit enough shots?


You know, AJ Green's clearly gonna get minutes because he's a major part of the rotation. It's funny though, like when you think about the Pacers and why you pick against him since the Allstar break, they're eighth in defense, which feels like impossible. Like that group's figuring it out defensively enough. And Milwaukee's, yeah, 16. But they had a good record. I mean they closed 19 and 10, they're Eighth in defense and first and stupid losses. That would be the other case for Milwaukee. I think they need three Giannis games and then one game where Indiana does what they do, which is just to completely fuck up a winnable game and do two stupid things in the last minute. And you can't believe they lost. So it's that, that's the recipe I think.


But Giannis like, you know, I had Tatum third MVP all year and I don't know how you can put anybody ahead at Giannis for story. No, I think that's my point. These last four weeks, like Giannis has to be third. He just has to and, and I love the Tatum year and we've talked about it a million times. I just think he's been awesome. I think he's been awesome as a two guy, as a rebounder in like maybe fifth and threes. Like he's just, and he's guarded everybody in the league. But the, what Giannis did the last four weeks, I think he has to be third. And then if you're putting him third, this will be a seven straight first team all NBA And during those seven years he's averaged 30, 12 and six.


And this year he's averaging 30 12 and seven. So this is like LeBron level consistency where people 50 years from now will be on whatever the version of basketball references. I'm sure it'll be some sort of AI tablet that you can just touch with your hand and it just comes out of the thin air. People will be looking at this like Jesus Christ about this Gianni guy. It's like the same way you would look at Carl Malone seasons down and be like, oh my God, he put up 29 and 10 for 12 years. Well this will be what, this will be seven. I mean To me he should finish third in the MVP and I even feel bad, you know, putting him there because of how special he is.


But whatever, I mean we've got a great top of the MVP class this year, but it's gonna be seven straight years with the top four finishing mvp and you start putting that resume up against like the birds, the Magic alltimers. Yeah. Right. Yeah. He's pretty near that vicinity now that Shaq, Hakeem Moses area in the all time grouping. He's not there yet, but I think if he keeps going for a couple more years that this pace could happen. Where did you land on Mitchell fifth for the MVP spot? Or do you have somebody else? Or are you still figuring it out? No, I'm still figuring out We still have what, like four days? Yeah. I'm still figuring out too that, 'cause normally when on the Sunday pod we would do a lot of our picks, but I'm, I'm not Stuff, I'm glad we're not Stuff one you say, I was like, oh no, are we doing this today?


Because I no, I, I Have for defensive player of the year, I pretty sure I already know what I'm doing. But specifically on the defensive stuff, like I'm fine with all the other things, but defensive stuff, I would wanna be able to make the rounds and, and talk to enough people because I just don't wanna miss anything fair. I don't wanna be sitting there look at defensive box score and going, well this guy was better than this guy. If, if I gave you two of James Harden, Tyree, Halliburton and Zubo and I can only have two spots for 13 Mo NBA though, you're, you're a modern ONBA voter where you just, you're, you're just pick the best guys. You don't care about the facsimile of a fake team.


I mean, I I don't know that that's true. I feel a bit like the college football playoff commissioner or I'm never gonna give you an answer. I'm not gonna talk about conferences being better than other conferences. I'm gonna say that all of it's factored in this is important. That's not, not important. See, there's no set strategy. I have fundamental beliefs, but each year's a different field. So I'm not gonna tell you that I'm prioritizing this all the time because one year it may not matter as much, you know, know the standings thing. I I know a you guys you a couple weeks ago and you didn't seem to like that very much, but I was watching. I Never like being you guys. Yeah, that's true. I never take anything personally though. I dunno if that's true, but Well, on the pot, I mean with you.


No, but I was watching Zach, right? Yeah. Fired up to have him on the team and he was talking about his MVP vote and he was like, I've been SGA all season long and now I'm just starting to think like, how can I not vote for, yo, This is what I, I brought to you last week. I've, I'm really struggling with this and I don't have a pick yet. I don't you Haven't decided who you're gonna vote for Mvp. I have not. It, it's like, honestly 50 50 for me. I, I watched yo show, But its the standings, right? It's see, but it's the standings and I, you know, I think there's times you maybe, I mean could it be the tiebreaker for an all NBAI don't think that's necessarily wrong, but I don't know, man.


I don't, I'm not having a hard time with this one. I'm voting for Yoic. Oh, you've officially decided. Oh, I, yeah, I've decided a while ago, and I wouldn't say anything's happened recently where I'm like, oh, I'm wrong. I went back through all the MVPs that bothered me over the years and over and over Again. Which one's number one? Well, just over and over again. The standings driven ones are the ones where we get in the most trouble. Where we don't just divest ourselves completely and be like, who's the most, who's actually the most valuable player? Right? Like if you just, the problem with, with the SGA candidacy, and he's been amazing and we've talked about he is having one of the best guard offensive seasons in the history of basketball.


But if you gave yo SGAs two through 12, I'm pretty sure he would be able to win 65 to 70 games team that SG where it gets dicey now they're top five team. I never wanna have an MVP unless it's a team that has a good record that it's least in the vicinity, right? They're one game away from being a three seed. They're one of the eight or nine best teams in the league. But when you see all the dysfunction they clearly had the whole year and over and over again, you would just wa he, he would just, despite the odds, which just keep it together. And it was amazing to watch and it's gonna be, the first thing I remember about this season was watching him this year.


So that to me, like that was one of my, when I wrote my MVP column, it was like four things. What are you gonna remember first when you remember this season? For me it's what Yoic did with this fucked up nuggets team that fired their coach with a weak left. And he had like the greatest offensive season I've seen since Jordan played. So it's like I I, I, that's what I'm struggling with because Sjs won 68 games and he was awesome. So Dysfunction boost. Is that new Dysfunction boo? Well yeah, it's like what like was it even more dysfunctional than we could ever imagined? We, we heard, we knew all this shit but I don't, I don't know what it's like to play in a basketball team where you have this much animosity behind the scenes.


Like maybe it doesn't matter as much as we think, I don't know would seem like it would matter some. And it seems like they were really, really genuinely tired of Malone, which was a whole other issue beyond the whole, he's not communicating with the gm. He's spitefully playing people that the GM likes or not playing like whatever the, all that other shit. But I, the fact that they almost got to 50 wins with how Murray looked the first two months. Like it's kind of incredible In the West They did today was 50 wins. 50 wins with the season they had with all with, we did that live show in Denver when was that? Beginning of December. And we led with a whole thing about the Jamal Murray had had like eight awful weeks at that point and we, that was like one of our lead things where we were like, let's have an honest conversation about this.


By the way, he's never gonna be the same Next year. Like Murray's light it up or whatever. Then the national broadcast be like, and he's still never made an Allstar game. He'd be like, okay, do you wanna go through the years again? Yeah, This is like the LeBron MVP thing. Yeah. Or the Kobe MVP thing is actually worse. I think Yoko is the best player in the world. I think his stats are close enough depending on which metrics you wanna look at. If not superior to SGAs and it'd be be one thing if they were a disastrous team on the season. But I didn't really have a hard time with it. He's gonna be the first thing I remember about this season I've never seen. And that The more so than Shireman, the way he's closed.


Well that's been pretty good. That's been watching, watching some of the Joe Ma lineups. Yeah, I was bummed that it's Clippers nuggets. 'cause I, you know, I have a vested interest in the Clippers advancing 'cause I wanna go to the games. Right, right. But I love yo cage and I want him to, I wanna keep playing 'cause I like watching him so I've just never, the stuff that he did this season, I've never seen anything like it. I've never seen somebody do more for their team. It's like, what the fuck else could he, he got every rebound. He led the offense up. He took all of the shots in crunch time. Like he literally did everything. Jalen Williams to you. Was an NBA guy or No, just in general.


Is he Good enough? Not ready to answer that. Okay. He's certainly on the list. Alright. Are you I have him tentatively in there right now. 'cause I think what the season OKC had and the season Cleveland had. I find it hard to believe you can't get to, as you know, I gravitate a little bit more toward the record, especially with those late teams and I'm, I'm between Dort Mobley for Defensive player of the year. Now I'm, I haven't decided either, but that, those are my two finalists. Yeah, I'm kind of leaning Dort. It's another one of those. I can only judge what I've watched on TV and what I've seen in person and I'm, I just thought he was the guy that jumped out to me this year.


Year Daniel's a little bit too, but I think some of the stuff Daniels did just 'cause it was so unique just to watch somebody poke, check somebody from 40 feet from the basket was like literally haven't seen that. His hands were everywhere. His anticipation, it was awesome, but that just wasn't a good enough defensive team. So you basically have to be one Bama at that point. The thing with DOD is it's just like, it's like old school pickup basketball. Like who's their best guy? It's that guy Lou, you're gonna offend him, don't let him score and then the guy doesn't score. Or the guy that's refuse the worst end of his life. Yeah. I normally always am gonna just, I just think it's hard to have a perimeter guy and say, this perimeter guy's as valuable as this other guy is, that's a big, who's coming over to help at the rim.


And the times where Mobley gets switched outta the perimeter guy and he holds up really well. So I, I, I've kind of struggled with the Door Mobley thing, but I'll tell you again defensively on these awards, I like to talk to people because it's just the one you don't wanna miss. Right. And it's a hard award to feel like, okay, I've absolutely nailed this. Especially when you do the first and second team and the dream on push has been incredible. And I don't wanna act like you're dismissing dream, but sometimes there can be this push where you're, you're like, you know, this is a six month award. Like, let's remember that Thank You and Mobley to start the season. There's some numbers that tell you like his impact was far greater in the first half of the season, second half of the season.


But back to the original, like asking people about defensive stuff, the number of times that people just kind of stop and take a breath and they talk about Lou Dot that are working in the league every night, it's it like you can't help but be impressionable. There was some, somebody wrote a piece about for two and a half straight months, nobody scored 30 on them. And it was, I also think, and we talked about this when Marcus won Defensive Player of the year two years ago, which, you know, I, I forget who he beat. I think the perimeter defender is more important than it used to be for stuff like this. Just because all these teams have these awesome guys that you at least have to make work.


And I don't know, I just, the what he did to Jalen Brown in that Boston game was just nuts. But I, I watched them like when they played, I went to two OKC games and both times Harden was like, fuck, you could just see him. He is like Jesus Christ. And then if Dork comes outta the game, I have these other two. So the smart One felt like a campaign though too. Like he just, yeah, he did all these interviews where he kept just going, oh you know, we never get to win it or you know. Right. Well they were number one in defense. There were some good advanced metrics, but yeah, it's looking back, maybe not, I don't know. I'd argue Rob Williams, although you could then go, okay, but Rob gotta do what he did because he was on somebody in the corner. Yeah. Who primarily it would be hopefully a non shooter so then he could just roam and freelance the entire time.


So the perimeter guys usually it, it takes so much more for me to go into him. And by the way, he actually beat another perimeter guy that year because Bridges was in second, Gobert was third. Hmm. East quickly we talked about Bucks, Pacers, Nick's Pistons, Knicks are minus four 60. We've been dying for this series. I think there's gonna be, as it gets closer, some, some pistons upset Buzz. I think it's a really hard ask if the five Knicks guys are all playing together. I was talking to Nick's fan about this. If you catch something on a night when one or two of those five guys aren't playing, they look, you know, incredibly vulnerable with reason because they don't really have a bench.


But those five guys together with breaks between the games and all the guys, they can throw Aade. This just seems like a tall ask for them to, and I think that's why the line reflects it. I really wanna talk myself into a piston subset case. But I think just the fact that they made the playoffs, they were succeed. They had the year they had Kate established himself as a guy. Duren has been, you know, I think he's now one of the best young centers in the league. Some of their signings really smart. That's kind of a win in itself now they're gonna go in this series, they'll bang the Knicks around, there'll be a couple altercations, they'll make a name for themselves and that's probably the win ID if those five guys are out in the Knicks, I just don't see any, any way to tribute them Since the Allstar break.


And granted the numbers are a little weird for the Knicks, but who you thinks better defensively? I would bet the ratings better for Denver because I mean at Detroit, 'cause all the advanced metrics are, have been favorable for them last 30 games Since the All Star break, the Knicks are 11th on defense, the PIs are 15th. So, And by the way, points wise, it's a half a point. So it's not like some dramatic difference here. Now is that because Brunson was missing some of those games? Oh Is is there something there as opposed to No we have Mitchell Robinson back, but I'm with you. This feels a bit like, hey you're gonna get a little playoff season in Detroit. This is an incredible story but you really gonna beat the Knicks despite their flaws and the flaws that we would get into as they move a little bit further on.


Because that's why like the Pacers Knicks scenarios where you were like they end up facing each other. That was bad for the Knicks. Yeah because it kind of felt like Not a good series for them. There Was some similarities where you didn't like your point guard on defense, you didn't like your Center on Defense, but you liked some of your options around it. But that might be the problem. Like it's not Talk about this not series for towns that would not be my ideal towns matchup. The Pacers wouldn't enjoy that one. The the thing with the Pistons that I think is just really cool is the Bicker staff leaves the calves, right?


Yeah. The calves when in the, what do they end up with? 64 wins and Atkinson is a coach of the year candidate and Bickerstaff goes to this other team and turns them around. And so you look at the Atkinson piece and you go, well clearly he is a big improvement over Bickerstaff. And yet Bickerstaff was a huge improvement over the worst coach of the 21st century Monte Williams. And somehow it just all worked out for everybody. And so I guess I'm happy for Bickerstaff 'cause it would've been one of those things where you just look like a schmuck that this team just played way better when you left. But now he got this other thing out of it. But is Cade The best player in the series?


I think Brunson is, I would say Brunson. Brunson's awesome. Especially like in a, in a playoff series where he's gonna have breaks between games. Like Brunson's incredible, I really when he, when he made the 65 game limit, I test drove what he would look like in the first ONBA spot instead of Mitchell. And I couldn't get there. But I think he's been that special this Year. Were you more tempted to go Brunson or an for Mitchell spot? I test drove Ann as well and then I I I did a long drive around the lap with Curry. You went For a walk outside? Well Curry's last week. I mean that San Antonio loss was an abomination.


They, they lost the two biggest games they played all year where that San Antonio or losses were that San Antonio loss on the one today. I think if they win those games and they're a three seat or a four seat, I think that's a more interesting conversation. He had it in his hands. If he was just awesome down the stretch, I think he could have pushed Mitchell but I don't, I don't think the way they ended, And by the way that San Antonio loss is the loss of the year. That fucked up the playoff schedule. Nine ways. It fucked up everything. 'cause Harrison Barnes had a revenge game and the Spurs with Chris Paul and Harrison Bart celebrated like they gotta the final four. Like this is a team that's tanking.


I'm sure Warriors Fans League couldn't make a couple of those in game seven. Right? We had to take you out nine Years ago. Profess this ze playing stuff quickly. Who do you think the calves would wanna face the most out of Magic Bulls heat You're leaving the Hawks out. Oh and the Hawks. All right. All four of those Magic Hawks bull seat. The Hawks are pretty grim. If you look at their actual teams they've beaten the last two months versus the teams they've lost to where it's one of those we're not tanking and a lot of these other teams we're playing are, and we are getting some wins out of it.


But the, the numbers are pretty grim. If you actually look at, I think that's why the magic are five point favorites in the playing game. Yeah, the records, I mean they're both around 500 but the Atlanta defense is so bad that I think it's just, you know, if you're going up against somebody in the playoffs, you'd probably rather have a terrible, terrible defense just knowing that this is gonna be easy work even in the night where we're not not feeling it, we're not making threes. Like are we actually gonna be scared of anything As opposed to Orlando who we know their offense at times has been unwatchable and it's improved from unwatchable the last few weeks. But it's, it's a one two punch of of Paolo and Fran.


So you know, and I think you could look at some of the Miami stuff but it's just that Miami's at best a a very average basketball team. So Can I do a cousin of you guys? Yeah. People forget. Yeah. Vaguely insulting when you start the people forget. Yeah. But in this case I do think people have forgotten how big the Jalen Johnson injury was. It's huge. That might be the number one people forget like Jalen Johnson was playing awesome. And if Atlanta had Jalen Johnson with the team that they have the rest of the guys that I kind of like some of the guys in that team and I don't even think that Hunter Trade, the guys that got back from those, those guys that are playing for them, if they had Jaylin Johnson, this would be a lot more interesting as a kind of a frisky eight seed that might be able to steal a game or two.


But he's Really good. When he was still playing I was tracking touches just how many touches do you have? So it's pretty clear Joch has more, he touches the basketball more times in a basketball game than any other player in the league. And Trey's usually right around there if not other years where he's led the league in total touches. Yeah. Over the course of the entire season. During the time Jalen Johnson was playing, he'd be like third or fourth in the NBA. Wow. That's so important. He was. And how much they trusted him and thinking, think about that too. Playing off of Trey and having another guy that actually has that many touches and he looks like he's on the way to, you know, I dunno if he's like a superstar changes the face of the franchise kind of thing. But he was really special and a lot of fun to watch.


So you're right like look every summer we'll do it again next year we do the over unders and we're like, you know what roster I do kind of like despite some of the obvious concerns. Yeah it's Atlanta. So pencil me in for like another year of doing that. I think that was the, the second biggest injury of the year in terms of the actual playoff stuff. Other than Kyrie, which if the Mavs had Kyrie, that's the team that they have. It's at least a team that you know you'd have to throw a couple haymakers against now it's like without him at the, it's Ridiculous. No, I think you're right about that because, But I, I have Jalen Johnson second though.


I even ahead of Weby like if San Antonio Weby, I don't feel like, oh watch out San Antonio could maybe beat steal a couple games from anyone in round one but Atlanta I don't know. But don't you think look San Antonio they could be five better got five games better, right? They were five out of the 10 spot. Yeah, I just felt like supporting cast felt like it was a year away next year. Yeah, That's Fair. Next year would be pretty interesting. You know what else would've been interesting if the Mavs had gotten Austin Reeds in the Luca trade, which they should have just asked For. Or if San Antonio would've offered a contract That would that that could have happened too. I just, I was talking about somebody about that this week. Like how does Dallas not say look res has to be in the deal or it's not happening.


I just don't think Pika we'll talk about this for the rest of our lives. I just don't think pka iss like too much. I'm walking away. No Now you pushed talk about this Now you pushed me too far. There's no way He doesn't say fine take Reeves. It's my favorite part. Like forget about what it would be like lining up a putt to win the masters on 18. Like how would you handle that? Yeah, I do like, I like to take ourselves through the exercise of if this person calls you and offers you this, will you have the balls to say no to something that you desperately want? Yeah. Knowing that okay this fixes for all of like this Lakers window extending and you know, running in Denver in the last couple playoffs.


Like hey if something bounces our way, like this has actually been I think a more successful run for the Lakers than they actually get credit for. Yeah. But because LeBron's on the team, they're held to maybe the standard, they're supposed to be a title contender. So then they're brought up as a title contender on TV shows and you and I have talked about it we're like going into this year they're like look, they're probably not gonna have the same health luck that they had with AD and LeBron the year prior. Yeah. If they're healthy in the playoffs to get the right matchup maybe. But this is a team that won a title what half a decade ago And here we go like I don't know, I can't figure them out. Like I don't know if I should be picking 'em 'cause I can't imagine that they would beat OKC in a seven game series if they're lucky enough to get that far.


Okay. But looking at, and that would be in the Western conference finals, looking at that moment where you're Nico and you go, well I have to ask for more because Polla can't actually say like Polla would never bring it up. You'd be like, you know, I was this close to getting Luca but I wouldn't include Reeves. And you would just go, Luca solves the next five years of your what if post LeBron 15 years, Let's call it seven, Let's call it 12 To get work that bad. It's still, it's been two months since the trade and I still, I did a monologue on it the other day and I still felt like it was somewhat relevant granted because it was the first time coming back and he has 31 in the first half.


But like it, it's so bad that I don't think they can fire him because they all acted like they were all on the same page and they're gonna have to like ride it out. Ride Out. Where was the one guy, whether it was Duma or anybody else who was just like, hold on, we're trading Luca and we're not gonna get Reeves. It's not David. Like we're just making the Lakers like much better That Jeff Nico says. Well then they would've said no and be like Oh no. Well okay sounds great. I just can't But you can hate you hate can't believe it your own, Like the one guy that had the say in it thought the least of the asset in the entire basketball world.


The one guy that exists, right? Because there's always like one guy, he's like, oh he's not that good. I think Skip tried Skip Bayless tried to have a LeBron. Oh Rory tweet or something. Or it didn't, I don't dunno. It was basically just a new way to shit on LeBron and Interesting. Yeah, I was like cool Tricep pull down. He's In the lab Bro. Yeah, yeah. He was in the lab just baking him. So there's always one person that will find a way to say the thing that like you can't fucking believe somebody believes. And this, the one person happened to be the guy who was running the Dallas Mavericks when it came to Luca. So I got more intel on that trade.


It was a known thing 90 minutes before the trade. It was done 90 minutes before it was actually announced. Maybe even a little more than that. Okay. But that's not unusual. But they tried to make it seem like nobody knew until the very last second. I think way more people knew. And I think it got around the league a little bit before it actually got reported. And I think the consensus was there's no way this is true because that can't be what Dallas got for Luca. This has to be some sort of, there's, there's no way this can't be true. And then it was true because instant reaction is, wait, they're trading Luca, why don't they shop 'em?


And then the second one is, wait, Reeves isn't in this. That's the whole trade. That was the second thing. And then how they hi it from everybody and that didn't shop it. I guess I I we'll be talking about it forever. It's one of the seminal moments of the 21st century in the National Basketball Association. This stupid trade they made. I'll remember 2025 because you were able to be professional enough to go to YouTube live that night with me and Mahoney and do an hour of content in nine minutes. Knowing, knowing deep down for personal reasons how much you hate this fucking transaction. You know what's been interesting with the Laker fans and obviously I know a few of them even there like not talking like crazy shit about it 'cause they can't believe it happened.


They're like, we're the Lakers. They're just like, I it's it's like that like a check for a million dollars made out to nobody just floated into their front door and they grabbed it and just wrote their name and cashed it. Nobody was ever gonna find out. It's one of those, it's like a fucking borderline miracle if you're a Laker fan. You just can't believe it. Like what did he have the other night? He just randomly had what, like 41, 13, 45, 45, 13 and nine. You Talking about the the Mavs game? Yeah, no I'm talking about the the the last game he played, he played one more game What? On Friday night and had another one. He's just like a normal game for him is 3,800.


It just fucking kills Me. Oh the Houston game? Yeah, it's just, it's just, yeah he's 39. He's 39 and it's, it's even Like it's a typical game. Yeah, look at 39. It was even worse than that Dallas game too because in Eighty's not doing anything. He's like having the bad ad game because I always think it's so stupid when the guys aren on TV going like, Hey ad's not a bad player. Like no Shit. Yeah all of us have TVs. Yeah we like we know AD is really good and he was was last year but like what are talking about? Well but the other piece of it is if the Lakers had the version of AD that's basically existed since mid-January, they wouldn't be in the playoffs.


They'd be like a nine or a 10 playing team, right? Because they wouldn't have had ad this whole time. They would've put this huge burden on LeBron. They, you know, they would have the same lack of room protection they have now. Now it's really nuts. That's Also another thing in the Lakers conversation though because over that 18 and three stretch where their defense was first or second in the league, it was like going for a month and because when they added Luca, I think it was fair to also look at the perimeter defense going like, okay but how, how is this gonna hold up on the perimeter? Are these guys, is Luca gonna get hunted? I think Reeves does a good job of being in position. He's one of those guys that's smart. But clearly there's gonna be times if you get him deep enough you can overpower him a little bit and then night to night like look I expect that we're gonna see a more consistent effort.


Somebody that's willing to not just switch and advantages for him to rest himself with LeBron. Like I imagine he's gonna play with more intensity on that side of the basketball but the last 15, you know, whatever you can throw it all away. But they're 21st in defense. So when they were one of the three best defenses in the NBA for over a month after they had made the trade, I, I couldn't, we could talk about coaching mage. We given the, we're giving the staff all of this credit and like game in and game out. I think they prep, they adapt better. It's almost like a football team going into a Sunday being like this is the game plan specific which can get lost in NBA regular season. But I'm with like that felt it just like there's no way they're this good. They're not gonna be a top five defense. Like hey it starts with defense with that group.


Maybe they outscore Minnesota but, and it doesn't really matter what the scores were before but those are actually lower scoring games. But they had played so long ago, again it's pre Lucas so it doesn't really matter. It's gonna be a bitch of a playoff team to play with how they execute offense with how hard they're to officiate. Especially when they're home. It's just gonna be a really hard, and again The whole point of Luca is when it all falls apart and you need a bucket, it's 1 10, 1 10 and you're under a minute and everybody knows everything you're doing and it's game four and they're gonna sell out. He can set score and it's just like, doesn't matter, I'm just gonna score and it's at its worst.


Is it the second or third best thing in the entire league of like like hey I need a bucket and we have playoffs success to prove that that works. As much as Boston Grant, you know ran him into the ground defensively and all that kind of stuff. Like you've traded this thing that is the most important thing to actually succeed in the playoffs. Him with the ball to deciding what he is going to do. It might The best thing. And weve known this for, we've known this forever because if you go back when we did all our, oh you weren't with us yet, but we did the 2018 NBA draft stuff And my argument for Luke over Aton was like, this is the league Now you have to have a guy like this. That's how you win titles.


Unless you know, nobody knew Yoic was gonna turn into Yoic but you need, it's a perimeter game. The threes are becoming more important. Like you have to have one of these guys if he's gonna try to win the title year after year and the Lakers have one of these guys, YOIC might give you the best look. Don probably give you the best shot. Well Now that Yoic has mastered this thing he does where he's basically he's, I don't even know what we need a name for it. When he has the ball 25 feet from the basket and he backs the guy down, does the whirling, does that thing and then all of a sudden he's four feet from the basket. I don't know how he does it and I don't know what it's called. I don't know how you stop it. The only way teams seem to stop it is they send a small guard and they try to kind of out of nowhere to his blindside and try to strip him but he doesn't have blindside because he's doing this all the time.


I have a couple quick things. Oh, and then OKC versus Grizzlies. Mavs Kings. Is there anything that says to you that would even go more than four games? Is there one team that could take a game off The Thunder? I don't think it's Dallas man when they had a lineup out there, it's not Dallas. I think it was one center lineup and I think on the perimeter it was Dinwitty, Najee Clay And then I think PJ may have been playing Power forward with the center and the amount of like resistance that wasn't happening on the perimeter defensively and even PJ who you think at least physically can hold up and stuff, he lost LeBron in one of those places. I'm just watching that going like, alright, even if Ad and Kyrie were here, like they have some lineups where they'd have to maybe switch some guys out and just go, we're gonna have to hold up defensively here with some better options there.


Memphis, I know exactly what it's gonna look like at the end of the playoff game. Maybe it'll go in, maybe it won't. Dallas gets a win because they don't have to play home again. If they, if they, if they win two playing games, they're both on the road and maybe during that second playing game, maybe you start thinking deep down in the deepness of your soul. Wouldn't mind in the season ending. We'll see what happens. I have a couple other storylines for you then we'll go Bub Carrington. Yeah let's Do it. Carrying the Wizards to a wind, knocking them out of the one spot. I was, I was torturing house, I was, it was the funniest.


So Utah has the number one spot now the top three are Utah, Washington, Charlotte, they have 14%, Right? So it doesn't matter from an odd standpoint, but it does matter if you get jumped what the sequencing is, it just brings you closer to having one of the top three. And The Wiz, I don't know how it would've shook out if I think they were in the head spot ahead of Utah. Utah won a couple days ago. It comes down to Bub Carrington with four seconds left beating two guys off the dribble and doing a double clutch fling off the backboard that goes in and then he is mobbed and it felt a little Joe Milton into me. I gotta be honest, Priscilla little, little Joe Milton PTSD kicked in.


It was like, you know what that reminds me of? When the Pats had the no more pick that they would've been able to trade for three first round picks. 'cause everybody loves Cam word and instead we're picking forth in a three point draft. That's what I thought. Yeah that was a, that was a tough one for Pats fans because you're like, well you know what? That group competed and they can use that in 25. You may remember what we were supposed to lose. We fought really hard. We can build on that. You're like, yep, we can build on it with less resources. Yeah, just with less, two less first round picks and now we're gonna take a left tackle. Who should go ninth with the fourth pick Question for you. Would you rather the Sixers or Spurs win the lottery? Lottery Spurs.


Okay. I know last week we both agreed pretty quickly without any discussion that the Sixers winning the lottery would be the grossest of all the outcomes. It would be disgusting. Are the Spurs a little? No because the wimpy thing was, oh it seems like a legitimate med medical thing by all accounts. Well yeah, correct. Yeah. Yeah. I think Goldsberry Hass been pretty good on that. So Yeah, I'm, I'm, I feel like they've handled 80 to Chris Everything correctly. I like that they beat Golden State in that game. Yeah, the Philly thing would be gross. Did you see, oh that was another thing I had on my list. Darrell said him and nurse are coming back next season. I gotta say I was genuinely surprised.


We're taping this right now. It's a little past six o'clock Sunday so who knows Monday morning we might wake up and that might not be true, but I was surprised to see that both guys feel like they're coming back. You cool with that? Cool with that. From what standpoint? You think it's the right decision? I need more intel on who decided it was a good idea to let Joe om be play in the Olympics and then give him a giant extension. Whoever's decision that was should probably pay some sort of consequence. It felt like that's kind of a dealbreaker, It felt like it was turning on Darrell when the news came out was like, yeah and ownership was really hesitant about giving Joel that deal and you're like, oh really?


The guys who have to pay the 200 million were hesitant about doing it. Little worried about that. That's Usually not Next topic. I only have two more. Mikhail Bridges kept his consecutive game streak alive. I dunno if you saw it today. He checked in for six seconds and came out. Yeah, committed a foul. So AC Green did this when he, he broke his nose, came in with a mask for I think three or four games and checked in and checked out to keep the streak going. I both don't care at all. And I also really truly hate this. I hate it but I also don't care. I really hated it when AC Green did it.


I forget whose one he broke. It was like Randy Smith maybe the old Buffalo Braids. That guy is, yeah, it's like, is that true? Yeah, I think, I think that's who it was. I gonna get research on that. I think it was a Randy, I think Randy Smith played like 900 straight games. I think there actually played in the games. Yeah, I think it was, it was again, I was so much younger then. Right? So it was 1996. I remember I think there was some high fives that he gave to guys as he came out. Like he had done something cool and that just really bothered me. Yeah. Yeah. I think it was Randy Green 9 0 6 Randy Green. Were they related?


Not Randy Green. Randy Smith. Okay. Who, who beat your guy? Johnny Red Kerr. Oh that's my guy. 8 44. I know you're a big fan. Randy Smith from Buffalo State. Yeah, he was good. He was a 14th round pick. Talk about a sleeper. I Think he was in the Allstar game. He's an Allstar. Yeah. 70 ing guard. Yeah. Good basketball guard. He was 24th in the MVP voting. He has 76 Has he has one of the cards of my favorite, my favorite cards set of all time. The 1976 Big boy tops. Randy Smith's in there. Last thing for you, I just wanna congratulate the NBA one more time for just fucking up their schedule.


Oh come on. I don't understand. You're so nice. You've even nice the whole pod. So you have two games that matter today, right? Yeah. Two games that we know are gonna matter. Houston, Denver, golden State Clippers. 'cause Minnesota's obviously gonna kill Utah. Why not nudge those games by like two hours or 90 minutes? Anything, your whole goal is to, for people who love basketball to watch the the league that you have. But then maybe also get some casual fans who are like, not sure how much I love basketball but that game was really awesome and now I wanna watch more. Or hey maybe my, my kid can come in and we'll watch the second half of this Clippers warriors game. That really means something. And instead you're just intentionally going into some masters that gets 10 to 14 million people and you get blown away and the last day of your season by this warrior thing and it's just like, it's just like a self-inflicted wound.


I don't get it either move the game two hours or move the schedule two weeks or I don't, I just, they're the most stubborn fucking league and I don't know why I love it sometimes. Really frustrates me. Okay, well I think what they're doing with Saturday, trying to give everybody like equal footing, right? Give everybody the day off. Make sure it's not back to back. Seating stuff is really gonna matter. Some years I'm not against Great. Not this year was thick. We had U ffc in boxing last night. We were fine in baseball, right? I'm back on baseball. But meaning to talk to you about it, The TV game is so competitive right now. I mean unless you just say, hey let's make sure we're never going to be going up against the masters for games. 82. Okay. Does that mean you move it all to Monday but you keep moving this stuff around the playing part of it.


Not Class couldn't nudge it two hours. Like what would Goodell do? Here's a good example. What would Goodell do in this situation if he had the crown jewel of the Sunday slate? Turns out it's Clippers warriors Goodell would be like, fuck it, we're putting that on NBC eight o'clock on Sunday night and we're blowing this out, making this an event. Which is what they should have done with Clippers wears instead they buried it at one o'clock in the afternoon. Pt. Okay, but isn't the fear if you do that right, flex it out NBA version of it, that game could be totally pointless too at some point. Or do you make that decision decision Just days ahead of time? No, we knew. Yeah, no, you make it like 24 hours ahead of time. Okay. We knew yesterday, we knew what the most important game was.


You and I were texting about it, it was like Clipse Warrior, this is, this game matters. Not sure if rockets nuggets are gonna matter. We know Clipse warriors is gonna matter. So anyway, I just, the league that is in great shape and hit the jackpot with this Luca trade, it's the single best thing that happened to the league this decade and is in the running maybe since the decision in LeBron going to Miami and all the stuff they got from that as the biggest thing that happened in the league. They have, they have this 25-year-old incredible offensive player now on the single most important franchise in the league. At least from a popularity, you know, maybe second in a history standpoint.


But they hit the jackpot with this. So it's in a good spot and Now you have Steph Curry playing to try to not avoid the play in it against a Clipper's team. That's really fun to watch. Like, I dunno, I would've blown it out. I'm watching baseball again Priscilla. Yeah, you sent me a text about it today. I was just suspect. Well crochet was throwing a no hitter dad. I didn't wanna tell you he was throwing a no hitter. 'cause I was trying to obey the no-hitter rules but, but yeah, red Sox team, a lot of bats. Bats have been a little quiet so far, but, but likable team, I've been, I'm back five year hiatus. They have the second most runs the American League Bats have been quiet expecting more.


They had a 19 run game. That's why the runs are where they were. A lot of parody at the top of the American League. Just like Jeff Pass told us flat. All right, so you're doing your pot on Tuesday and Thursday this week? Tuesday, Thursday. For some reason the playing games are Friday. I don't really understand why we didn't stagger those either and why we gave away Thursday night completely. But that's what they decided to do. And, and then we'll be back Sunday with a whole Cus playoffs. Yeah Rock the most fun weekend of the year. That first, that eight games Overreactions left and right. I'll be over. I, I'm just telling you now, I'm gonna be overreacting all over the place. When are you doing your awards?


Tuesday or Thursday. I could save it to unveil the ballot with you next Sunday. Why don't we do that? I Think it's more fun. I think it's more fun. When Is our stuff due? I think it's the 18th. Huh? Alright, I'm happy to, I'm happy to do that with you. Yeah, well we already had some revelations. I don't, I don't think people realize that yo has maybe a little bit better chance to win MVP than, than, than, than people realize. I don't think's gonna be surprised by what I've said, but yeah, you're right. Like that'd be something you'd be good at because I feel like there's times I'll text Rudy about a topic for our Tuesday, Thursday and then I go, you know, this would be better with Bill.


Like available belts, available belts Podcast guest availability. No, no, no, no, no, No. I'm talking NBA maybe belt availability would be the better way to title it. But you'd have to come up with so Something better. No meaning like, I like when you do, which player has had the belt? Right? The best player in the world. Yeah. When did he have it? Who got it next? How long did this player have it? How short was this guy's belt run? Okay, so if you went through the entire league right now and say, alright, YOIC has the belt, how many other players, like how long is the list of like, it doesn't seem crazy where you're going like, okay, that guy could at some point be the best player in the world.


That list is not over 10 players, I don't think. However, I'd also say that we have three recent belt holders that no one could have ever seen, even if you were being incredibly generous between Giannis Yoic especially and even Kauai. It's like at one point that guy's gonna be the best player in the world and it's three in a pretty short amount of time. So we, We both worked those two drafts when Giannis and Yoic got picked and yeah, YOIC I think had the lowest, didn't he have the lowest jump in the history of the combine or something like a 17 inch vertical leap? I looked at my yoic scattering Commercial when he got drafted, Right?


I, I looked it up because I always like to go back and like be like, wonder what I thought of this guy? Right? Yeah. And sometimes it's fun. A lot of times it's horrifying. But it was, it was like, man, this guy's like a lot of fun. And then at the end it was like, but come on dude, like gimme a break. Right? Yeah. So you think he's like, Omar, what was that guy's name? Omar Samhan that that center that came in and was lighting up people of March Madness. Well, the first time and I would only be able to watch him on Synergy. So I would just go back because he was on the list and because I was doing my own stuff, I didn't wanna just read everybody else's stuff and then I would do the draft on whatever. I don't even know if we even talked about the Second rounders when they're even picked because we'd interview so many people on the live broadcast for radio, like radio.


Back then when we did the draft, it was like interview, interview, interview. I mean you can, then you're listing the last five picks after the interview, right? So it's like Nick Johnson got taken, right? Like we're able to get from Serbia. So when you first watch Okage, you're like, what is this? This is like, this is hilarious. Like I can't believe you did this. I can't believe you did that. But then you know, again, athletically you're just like, well this what like, well remember once upon a time there was a Yoic versus ic. Which guy should they keep was an actual storyland That was probably 2017 range. They have these two centers, which one should stay? It feels like they knew. Yeah, they, it seems like they knew.


Yeah, no question. But yeah, I mean even Giannis was physically so ridiculous. But what I saw him, he, it was just, and I, I know I've talked about this before, but he was just beating up on these dudes in this lower level stuff where you didn't really even know like what to make of what you were, it looked like a record game. Watch game. Yeah. Also, he was 6, 6 9. Yeah. And grew three inches after they picked him. Which was, which a miracle for them. Not as much of a America as getting Luca Don for Anthony Davis and Max Christi and one First Round pick. But a miracle nonetheless. All right, Celo, I'll see you in a week.


Enjoy the playing games and everything else and good pod, enjoy your votes. That's it for the podcast. Don't forget new re watchable coming on Monday. I'm also gonna be popping on Zach Lowe's podcast later on Monday. So stay tuned for that. Thanks to Jonathan and Ron and Jesse and Sir Rudy for producing this one. And I'll be back on this podcast on Tuesday. Stay tuned.


Must be 21 Plus in President Select states for Kansas and affiliation with Kansas Star Casino, or 18 plus in President dc. Gambling problem, call 100 GAMBLER. Visit rg help.com. Call 1 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org/chat in Connecticut. Or visit md gambling help.org in Maryland. Hope is here. Visit gambling helpline ma.org or call 803 2 7 50 50 for twenty four seven. Support Massachusetts. Or call 1 8 7 7 8 Hope ny. Or Text Hope NY in New York.