
What's happening? It's Todd McShay and I'm back with a new home and a new show at The Ringer and Spotify, the McShay Show. It's a video and audio podcast coming to you year round with all my NFL draft information, big boards, mock drafts, and player movement. Plus, I'll be chatting with some of my best friends in football, including some of your favorite football analysts. During the week, we'll have episodes on Tuesdays and Thursdays. That'll include discussions about my player rankings, who's rising, who's falling, and who your NFL team should be keeping an eye on. Plus, we'll be reacting each week to the college football playoff polls and giving you previews and picks for each Saturday slate. In addition, I'll have episodes on Saturday nights with my immediate reaction to the full day in college football every week. So if you love the college game, the NFL, the draft, or all of it like me, make sure to like, follow, subscribe, and get ready for the McShay Show on The Ringer, Spotify, and wherever you watch or listen to podcasts.


This episode is brought to you by American Prime Evil. Netflix has a new limited series. Again, it's called American Prime Evil, starring Taylor Kitsch, my guy Betty Gilpin, set in one of the most beautiful, brutal and isolated parts of American 1857. American Prime. Evil is about people fighting over land, culture and survival in one of the most brutal isolated parts of America. All while mother fights to save her son as they try to survive in the wild. This is gonna be epic. American Prime Evil is now playing only on Netflix.


This episode is brought to you by Ri


I love sports. I know you do too. I also know that lots of you exercise, but if you're like me and my wife, the the beloved sports gal, you're sick and tired of ugly, uncomfortable workout gear, especially, you know, I do a lot of walking. I walk around la I make calls, I listen to podcasts. Here are two words that will change everything. Vori, clothing, a line of active wear that is unbelievable. The best thing about re is you can lounge around in it. You can work out in it. You can go outside, you can go shopping down your local wherever, and you never feel like you're either underdressed or overdressed. You're just comfortable. You can wear it when you're training, traveling, lounging around the house. Go get yourself some of the most comfortable and versatile clothing on the planet. Here's the deal. Our listeners get 20% off their first purchase at vori.com/simmons. Once again, v.com/simmons.


We're also brought to you by The Ringer Podcast Network. I did not have a podcast for you on Tuesday and Thursday last week for obvious reasons. It was the worst week in the history of Southern California. It, it, there was just so much devastation, so much heartache, so much fear, so much terror and ul ultimately, everything about it was awful. And some people stepped up. Fire department, police department, first responders, TV reporters on the ground, helicopter pilots, dropping water. All of the people in various communities who banded together to get toiletries and extra clothes and all kinds of things people need if their house has just burned down or it's been, or they've been evacuated.


So there was some good that that came out of some awful, And it was as awful as it gets. And I'm still trying to wrap my head around it. I wasn't sure that we should do a podcast today. Sal and I have reacted after round one, really since 2007, and I don't know if we should have done a podcast, but we decided we wanted the, we wanted everything to feel normal again for an hour. So we decided to talk football and we talked about California at the, at the tail end. But I wanted to just give my best everybody out there who's been affected by this in some way because I, I, I just can't believe it and I don't think, I know you can see it from the video and the pictures, but I, I don't think you can fully believe how awful this is.


So hopefully we can get through it. Hopefully we can rebuild it. Hopefully there's a light at the end of the tunnel here, but right now it's hard to see. So anyway, we're gonna talk some football. We're not gonna start with Pearl Jam. We're just gonna get to get to the five games. Then we're gonna talk California at the end of the podcast. So that's the plan. Here we go. We're taping this a little after eight 15 Pacific time. Definitely the worst week either of us have had since we moved to la. And we're gonna talk about all the awful California stuff later. We'll start with football and then we'll circle back around because there's a lot to cover on that. But we wanna hit the, the football first, as weird as that sound. So we had four really lousy games and then a really good one.


Yeah, Tampa, Washington. Washington was their first playoff game in 20 years. And it ends up being a doink that puts it over the top. That did not make up for the other four games from an entertainment standpoint, but really entertaining. I'm wondering is Washington this season, they're not the best team, but they're the kind of the Daniel Bryan, Brett, Hitman Hart. Like you always have a good match when you're in a, in a match with Washington. They're one of those teams. They're not gonna win the title, but they've been the most fun the team this season, right? They've been in the most fun games. Not so fast. Bill, with them not winning the title I, Jayden, Jade, and Daniels' face is bleeding. I just, I just wanna lick that blood right off of him. No, that's good for Joe House.


Yeah, like you said, somber week. Shitty week. But I feel good for Joe House. One of our fricking teams is going and advancing. But he was awesome. Jayden down. He was really, I mean, they were coming after him for that guy to not turn the ball over once with the heat he was facing and just big play after big play. Good for him and good for us for finally getting a good game. 36 hours later house did not have the kaons to actually take Washington. No. In The Ringer Sunday pre-game show. He did. What did he do? Some bogus Tampa over. It was his way of covering his bases. Tampa over 27 and half points. Yeah. And he said Washington would win 28, 27. Yeah. He was really threatening the needle there. I think the Washington fans were believing that they actually had a real chance to win this one.


And the line reflected it. It was Tampa by three, but this came down to a couple plays for me. So Washington, they're down four and Tampa gets the goal line stand right, And it goes to fourth and five. There's like, I don't know, less than 10 minutes left. And I, I always think the team should, should kick the field goal. Take the points, make it a one point game. I was with it. Tampa doesn't do it. Fourth and five's a lot when you're inside the 10. I just didn't trust that they were gonna get, I thought it was a mistake. Tampa gets the big stop. They have the momentum going the other way. Fumble, now we're going back again. Now it's fourth and two fourth and, And it was like on the 11th, fourth and two, a little more manageable.


I was okay with them going in second time. Plus there was less time in the game. And Daniels delivers comes through, right? So now Washington's up three Tampa goes all the way back down. They have this great drive. Baker has a scramble. It's second in one on the 11, and there's like less than five minutes left. They run this like QB option run with Baker, gets stuffed. Then the next play like fumbled Snap, Bucky Irving, all he's tackled four yards behind the line. All of a sudden they're kicking a fuel goal. And it was like, it just like tush push it. You have first down, first down goal to go and you have a chance to control your destiny. Then Washington comes back down two huge plays. That little weird screen pass flick play that Daniels made that made almost could have been intercepted.


Yeah. Yeah. Right. Yeah. He, but it was a really nice play. They get it, they go down in the field, goal territory then that awesome third of one by Daniels, which is, that was the play of the game. That's why he's special. But Sal like over and over again in the last like 5, 6, 7 minutes of these games, he's just pulling them out. I'd be scared of them. If I was Philadelphia, I'd be scared of anyone if I was Philadelphia. If the plan was to play play like they did today. But they're not playing Philadelphia, right? They're playing Detroit. No, and I got all excited. I actually looked this up. Do you? Because I thought it was Washington, Philadelphia before I realized I was confused by the standings. Do you know how many times Washington and Philadelphia played in the playoffs?


Has it not happened a lot? I'll say four. It was a really, one, it was the Mark Ripener watched him beat him 20 to six. The one they won the Super Bowl. Yeah. Interesting. That was the only time they've ever played in the playoffs, which is weird. 'cause they played twice a year. I would've, I would've guessed. It was like, and they've been in the league this whole time. I would've guessed forever. Yeah. Would've been like 8, 7, 10, I don't know. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Well, they're not gonna play again, so that's good. But yeah. Yeah. That's, they're, they're solid Washington. And as far as the coaches go with the fourth and two, I, I'm, I was with you. I like, I just take the points in a lot of these situations. I know they proved me wrong, but the plays that were running for Jaden Daniels weren't great though.


They were making 'em a pocket passer. They're on like fourth and two and fourth and four. So I was all for taking the points in most of those situations. I, it's a different story when it's Eagles And it's hurts and Barkley. And if I have Lamar, if I have Henry, you know, if I have Josh Allen, but other than that fourth and two is still fourth and two, you could kick kick a field goal. And I was okay with them leaving that field goal on the board too early on. What did you think of, of Tampa potentially going for a down three with like four minutes left when it was like fourth and four. So that would've been a fourth and three after they got stuffed twice. Yeah, it was like fourth and three. I don't like it. After the 14, after that was, that was the play where like there was the disarray at the line of scrimmage, right? Yes.


Like they fu I I never liked the next play after that. I don't know what it would've been. I know there was like easy stuff happening with Evans, but I I kind of get it. Look, there's, there's so much to go after balls for. That's not one of them. Well, especially the end of the first half. Ugh. When he was mismanaging everything and somehow they scored. Anyway, I thought they should kick the field goal. And yet when they kicked the field goal, I thought Washington was gonna come down and get the game winning field goal. It was weird. Yeah. I I I didn't think they should go for it, but I also thought they were gonna lose 'cause they didn't get those, those two plays. I think I just like saying v deve Bill. I'll say v deve over and over and over. I tried to order V Deve and Peter Luger. They didn't have it.


I, I mean, big picture and we know a lot of Washington fans. This was the, this was the official fuck you Dan Snyder game. Oh yeah, yeah. You know, not, it was one thing, it's a cute story. The head of Hail Mary, they got into the playoffs. You know, Dan Quinn, it's a family atmosphere. They have a front office that actually knows what they're doing. Adam Peters like they've turned your organization around that makes 'em look bad enough. But now you have this awesome playoff win. Now they're playing Detroit a team that doesn't have the most awesome defense, at least until week 18, when they look pretty good against Minnesota. But Donald also left a lot of throws. And if I'm watching it, I feel like I can go in there and, and at least match points with Detroit.


Who the fuck knows, right? Hell yeah. Yes. You got a rookie quarterback that didn't, like I said, didn't turn the ball over at all in many instances where he could have, I mean, that's gotta be as it's, you know, I, I don't know. They might be banged up and, and the, the lions are more rested and everything like that. But I think this for now, now that we're talking like a week before, I think this is closer. They do get screwed with the Saturday thing though, right? Yeah. They have six days. Yeah. Well you knew somebody was gonna get screwed with the Sunday to Saturday. I guess it would be worse if it was the Monday game. But yeah, first playoff win in 20 years and like, you know, the Patriots hired Mike Vrabel this weekend, which was, felt like I heard that. It felt like it was headed that way for five days. But I was getting intel that it was getting a little hairy on Friday night and Chicago was making a run at him.


And you know, and you think like, oh man, if we don't get him and we don't get bad, what all of a sudden we're looking at the p carroll range of guys. Yeah. But they get vrabel, they have Drake, may they elbow this cap space. They have the fourth pick. And you know, they had probably one of the worst rosters in the league, if not the worst. They're in a division with Buffalo. There's all these reasons not to believe, but I watched a team like Washington, I'm like, they turned it around in a year. That team was a fucking, you know, shit can, and they drafted the right quarterback, they changed the coach, they brought in a really good coaching staff. And yeah, all of a sudden they have 13 wins out. It's not like they're like a nine and 18 that snuck in. Like this team's won 13 times.


And the another strike against him was the ownership. And there was defecation in the stadium. I mean, we can go on and on and on. It doesn't really make sense. Dan Quinn's done a nice job with this team. And like you said, this, this is just a, they call it lightning in a bottle with this Jaden Daniels. It's, it's terrific. But congratulations on Vrabel. I think that's, that's fun for you, right? Good news to end the week. Yeah. It feels like you need the coach, you need the qb and I can kind of figure out everything else, right? But if I don't have those two things, where am I going? Right? And then you need at least like a solid coach, maybe better than that. And you need a top 10 QB potentially. And now they have the two things, and now they can try to build their roster.


But I thought what the way Washington did it was the blueprint. They had a lot of really smart second level free agent signings. Like the kind of going after like the B-list guys, like the best of the B list. And they spent a lot of money on their coaching staff. So it seems replicable. The pets have a really super easy schedule. Anyway, I was, I was inspired by Washington. The, the, the difference is Daniel's, he's in his mid twenties, you know, he is in college for nine years. You know, there's reason he looks like a veteran. He is almost as old as Joe Burrow. I was thinking that with Bo Nicks too. I was like, yeah, maybe I was wrong about all this. And the rookies, if they have like 60 college games under their belt and they've all played in like high profile bowls and it, you know, they, they don't really get shook.


But we'll talk about that game. That's a whole different story. But listen, I think part of you is saying Vrabel did this with Tannahill. He could do it with Drake May. Isn't that the bottom line? He's he's never had an elite quarterback ever. Yeah. And hopefully Drake may can get there. Yeah, well, I'm hoping. No, I thought, I mean I've talked about Vrabel a bunch of times on the, on the pod. I just felt like he was hands down the best coaching candidate available. We'll see with Ben Johnson. But there's a bigger big difference between calling plays and actually having to run a whole team and build a whole culture. I think I, I thought Tampa Washington was the hardest game to pick. Who'd you have in that game? I picked it right? Ad Washington. I actually went four and one. My playoffs have been Oh, nice. Terrible. Over the last few years.


Did you get three and two or four and one? What'd you do? I just, I had all those, I I never did million dollar picks this week, but I had all those anchor teasers with Buffalo and Baltimore. Eight, eight and a half point teasers. So Green Bay covered by half point. The, the Tampa cover today. I had a lot of, lot of trouble with what the Chargers lost yesterday. I had a lot of trouble with Washington Tampa because I liked the same thing about both teams. I liked their offenses, I liked the way their quarterbacks were playing. And I thought that both of them were really these close knit teams. You know, I was reading the stories about Tampa heading into the, out of the week 18 and like that Mike Evans play that we were joking about last week about, oh my God, that was kind of risky, right?


To go for it to go for a thousand yards. You have the game, you heard like the playoffs are on the line. Sure. And you read the stories about it and guys were saying it was like the highlight of their careers. Like they all loved Mike Evans and they're, they were like, this, this record meant a lot to him. He got hurt. He didn't think he was gonna be back in time to try to break it. And there was just all this stuff. And you could just feel the love coming outta that build. They love Baker Mayfield. They play hard for him. So I was like, man, this is almost two teams. I I, I wish these two teams were playing two other teams so I could pick both of these teams. It was one of those, because everything you read about Washington's the same thing. Dan Quinn, he's turned the vibes around. The, the mood is completely different.


And they end up winning the mood bowl, I guess by, I think we felt the same way about Rams Detroit last year. Remember I watched your place. Yeah. And I go like, oh, why have to play square up in the first round? Right? This is good. Yeah. So yeah, Baker's great when he takes off. You have no choice but to root for him somehow. He's got legs, it's like 200 more Russian yards this year than he has in the previous five. Any of the previous five or six. It's like, it's really, it's spectacular. And Mike Evans just diving backwards for a first down. It's, it, it is really tough. Irving runs hard. Defense plays hard, tough to good. This it's a team. Yeah. I had, I had written down 'cause I, there seemed like they were gonna possibly win at one point and I was researching them. They had a case for being the best 2000 twenties NFC team team.


They still might have the case even now. Yeah. Because they want, they're one of the only two NFC teams that won a Super Bowl. They've had four division titles. They were six and three in the playoffs heading into this game today. Over the last five seasons of 2020s. They're 51 and 33. It was like, you would never think if you said to somebody who was the best team in the NFC this decade, I don't think they would've been a top four guest for anybody, but I think they are. It's either them or Philadelphia. They have a better record and more playoff wins. And then the loss today, like, you know, I think they would've had a chance in round two against whoever they played. But the, the Mayfield thing, when you think about he goes to Cleveland, he plays for four coaches his first three seasons.


Mm. He wins their first playoff game with that franchise Right. Since he, they Yep. Came back. He tore his labrum in his left shoulder. Second game 2021 has the year from hell. They end up paying him to go away 11 million in Carolina and go into the Sean thing. And now Baker, I, he's not a top five quarterback, but he is in the top 10 or 11. Definitely. And you just think like this whole thing is one of the, the biggest disaster decisions start to finish in the history of the league. It's so hard. I think for us, I don't want people to feel bad for us 'cause we're doing what we love, but we look at football and players, I think through all different lenses, right? Yeah. We'd look at him like historically we look at fantasy wise, like, baker's great, exciting.


He is top three or four, five exciting. And it's like, okay, but where does, where does that put him in actually, you know, in terms of building a team around him. So I don't know, I I don't know if I wanna say he's top four or five anywhere in there. But I love watching him and I love everything he brings to that team. And I feel like he's in the prime of his career. You know, like, yeah, don't compare him to Flacco, don't compare 'em to any of these other guys. I I hope people don't do that anymore. And I think you're right. Like they were the best, one of the best teams in the NFCI think they get a bad rap because it's the south that they keep winning and we make fun of the south every year. Yeah, yeah. Right. It's, it's our fault. Yeah. Yeah. The the thing if you're talking about just QB assets and we always talk about a rookie qb, how that's the best asset you can have.


But they have him, his contract compared to the other monster contracts where every other superstar is making 50, 55 million a year, whatever they're on the cap for. And I think he signed for like 30, 30 plus a year. Something like that. Yep. So definitely a better asset. Anyway, that was a great game for, for, for the weekend because up until that point, it, it felt like it was the worst weekend ever for a variety of reasons. Real life reasons. The actual games. It was just one of those weekends you're like, man, I used to love round one and, and this time I feel stupid watching football. Well here's the thing, once the college games are really good, I'm like, oh, the NF l's gonna suck now, isn't it?


We can't just have, all right. The college games are excellent. Yeah, they were very good and then coming into this weekend, but a lot of people all over, can we just accept the fact that we're probably not gonna get good competitive games in any sport in the playoffs for the first couple rounds. Can all we really hope for is a good final four as sports fans and not like Yeah. Tear each other's eyes out, arguing over who has the better system. Like the NBA might actually have the best, there are some good four or five matchups right? Every year, but then they have some finals that suck too. So I think you just have to hope that the final four is good and, and and, and let the cream rise to the top. Yeah.


Weirdly, the NBA might be in the best shape for round one this year because they have so much talent and they have some teams in the 7, 8, 9, 10 range that the play-in will be fun. Now you're making, you're mad at me about the Sacramento. Yeah, I'm sorry, I didn't mean to talk about the NBA at all. I was just using it as one of the many example. No, because I saw your mind. Go to the Sacramento, Indiana, Minnesota bet we've made How's this team is gonna win for the first time in 20 years. And you're talking about this stupid parlay we have with Sacramento and Indiana. The Sacra feto under Malik, Indiana over and the Minnesota under and after we did it, Sacramento fired their coach and now they're just pulling games outta their ass game after game after game.


Let's, let's take a break and we'll talk about the other games.


I hope you're using FanDuel for the NFL playoffs right now. All customers can get a no sweat NFL Same game parlay for the Vikings versus Rams game. Just place a three Leger and you'll get bonus bets back. If your bet doesn't win, you could do something like, take the Minnesota money line Jefferson anytime, touchdown Jefferson to get like 80 yards worth saving. Put 'em all together. Boom. You gotta bet same game. Parlay is the perfect way to combine your bets for a chance at a bigger payday. Build your own or choose from one of the popular SGPs pre-built for you in FanDuel's top rated Sportsbook app. Get your no sweat same game. Parlay on FanDuel America's number one sportsbook. Visit FanDuel dot com slash bs FanDuel and official sports betting partner at the nfl. You must be 21 plus and President Select states are 18 plus and President DC opt-in required minimum three. Legg Parlay required refund issues as a non-drivable bonus bets that expires seven days after receipt max refund $5 unless otherwise specified restrictions apply including token expiration C terms@sportsbook.standard.com game prom Call 100 gambler or visit rg help.com.


This episode is brought to you by LinkedIn In basketball, a blockbuster trade can make or break your playoff run before the deadline. GMs across the league scour for the right data and insights, hoping their moves pay off February 6th trade deadline this year, by the way, just like in basketball, growing your small business in 2025 all comes down to how well you can build your team. That starts with better insights from LinkedIn with unique skills and interests to the connections you have in common. LinkedIn has the strongest hiring data and insights to help you identify the right professionals so you can make the best hiring decisions. LinkedIn pairs you with the high quality candidates you need to make your business grow and flourish. LinkedIn also lets you go beyond candidates who are actively applying in a given week. 171 million LinkedIn members aren't actively seeking jobs, but they are open to new opportunities who isn't? That's a big pool of people you don't wanna miss out on. And who knows, one of them could be your next all star player. So hire smarter in the new year, find your next grade. Hire on LinkedIn. Post your job for free at LinkedIn dot com slash simmons. Once again LinkedIn dot com slash simmons to post your job for free terms and conditions. Apply


all so our schedule before we get to the rest of the games. We have Houston and Kansas City. That's an ESPN game on Saturday. It's the first one. We need a name for the Round two first game on Saturday. Yeah. It's not a shaky game, but it's, it's a, it's a better restaurant that, you know, you can probably rent a table for, get a table for like 2025. You wouldn't exactly have your wedding reception there, but it's serviceable and solid. It's kind of exciting, but not totally. I don't, I also don't wanna insult any possible sponsors we might get, but it's, well, Houston's a upgrade. Houston Houston was in shaky, so now they're in this one. So it's like Shay's open like a popup, you know, and like somewhere, you know, and it's like in a cool area maybe.


I don't know. There's still, it's still the first Saturday game. Kyle says the Texas Roadhouse game could be good. Texas roadhouses are fun. Yeah, that's good. Yeah, I was gonna say the Bianca Pizza game, but I don't want Bianca to be mad at me because Bianca could do like a pizza popup. But you, you may take that personally. Right, right. Even though I'm complimenting it 'cause I love Bianca Pizza. Yeah, Houston at K-C-E-S-P-N. Then Saturday night, Washington and Detroit. Sunday. NBC. Either Minnesota or the Rams playing in Philadelphia. So we get collinsworth in Philadelphia. Oh, Mike, it's so cold. My nipples are frozen. Mike, I can't even feel my nipples.


Can I feel your nipples, Mike? Let's Niles. I can. I have no feeling Mike, that that's not a night game. Huh? So they're doing that three, three Eastern on Sunday. Yeah. And then Romo Nats get the, the good one. The great one. We Baltimore at Buffalo. So the storylines I guess would be Casey going for the three P. It officially starts now Jade and Daniels and the exciting rejuvenated Washington Commanders against the team. That's really been America's team this year. The Detroit Alliance where they've just been on every week. We like watching them. We know all the characters at this point. Dan Campbell's like the dad in a Friday sitcom then.


I don't know what's more fun. Minnesota, Philadelphia or Rams Philadelphia. Probably Minnesota, Philadelphia. Right. For the history of some of the games they've had. I guess it would have to be, I'm, I'm a little bad because Minnesota's never won the Super Bowl. I do you feel like Philadelphia is gonna make every game shitty now no matter who plays them? Yeah. Well hold that thought for 30 seconds. Yeah. And then Baltimore Buffalo is the great, that's it. That's what's the side mvp. You rarely get this, you get this in basketball sometimes. Yep. You rarely get this in the NFL where it's like, we've argued about this all year. I think it's been a fun argument. I don't feel like it ever degenerated anything bad. I'm still not positive who I think the MVP is. Like, I left the weekend. I'm like, I don't, I both of those guys were awesome.


I don't, I still don't know who the MVP was. They're excellent. I I'll, I'll stand by Josh Allen. But again, you can't really be mad at what's going on. If, if some, some one or the other wins it. I, I I'll say it seems like Lamar has a little more help with Derrick Henry, but other than that they did beat Buffalo. They beat him pretty good. Buffalo beat the one seat. It could, you can go either way. All right. The, the game before the good game was Packers' Eagles, which was a classic Philadelphia win where they're up 10, nothing. And their fans are just complaining and the game has no flow. You don't really know, understand what's going on. They the game. I actually watched with a couple Eagles fans today and like they're cutting to AJ Brown.


He is reading a book at one point because he clearly pissed off. He's stuck in the ball. Everyone's like, what's wrong with Hertz? Is he healthy? What's going on with him? And they just kind of limped their way to a convincing win that was never in doubt and they win by double digits and that you lead the game and you go, what just happened? Are the Eagles good? I'm not. Right. Like it just was typical. Yeah. And I, I hated the, this is the one I'm gonna get, you know, salty about because it's the one I lost. But I had Green Bay Plus The points and I, I wouldn't say, you know, Washington deserved to win as a road team. Fine. None of the other road teams showed up. Right. Yeah. Like Denver Green Bay, you can't make a case for any of the Pittsburgh, but get that kickoff Right man.


Just get that right. You, you, you, it's all about momentum when you're on the road. If you're gonna lose a call, if you're gonna lose the opening kickoff, yeah. You're really kind of screwed there. And I feel like there were enough replays including the overhead to show that the going here jump in. Oh I I like this. Okay, So what I, I'm not a ref killer. Every time the chiefs games are decided by something close, I'm like, ah, it's hard to call at regular speed. But if you're able to replay something and you have all those angles and you have that overhead, he had it for like a two Mississippi cow. Like is it easier now to just start digging your way through the earth to come out the other end? Is that easier to come out with the ball than it is to come up from a pile above the ground? I don't know.


I don't like that. But anyway, I had to get that off my chest. They really made it seem like it's now a reality show where it's like, yeah, season 41 of the challenge, just put 10 guys in a pile. Whoever has the ball when we pull everybody apart, they get the ball. Yeah, I, I had texted you a couple times over the weekend. I watched football every weekend. I feel like I understand all the rules. I still don't understand what an intentional grounding is. CJ Strad, that was one of the biggest plays in that Charger's game. It just, yep. Seemed like a cut and dry intentional grounding. And they're like, now he got it over the line of scrimmage and he was outta the pocket. I was like, here's he's outta pocket. Outta pocket. Who cares? He was two feet to the left. How was he outta the pocket?


It just seemed like an automatic, he definitely did an intentional grounding 'cause he was about to get sacked so they said it wasn't. And then I always felt like if the guy clearly had the ball in the pile before the, he disappeared into the pile. Usually the guy gets the ball back. Of course, but this time they were like, nope, he didn't totally have it yet. It's like he didn't, it seemed like he had it. It also goes against all their crap about player safety. Like Oh really? Yeah, we're gonna keep this going past the whistle because you definitely, you obviously blew the whistle and then that then this guy got it like torn from his clutches. Yeah. So I don't know. Anyway, they, green bayit didn't score enough to win that game and every receiver was hurt and I don't know who they were throwing to. So good, good for you.


Philly. But they didn't play, they didn't play great either. I don't understand. I've said this over and over again. Watching them, them, I don't understand their offense. I don't understand why it's so slow and deliberate and has no pace and has no pep and just seems laborious at all times. I don't get it. I don't under, we were joking about it in the first quarter. We're watching like, here we go 39 seconds to the next Saquon handoff. Yep. This will be 37 seconds. And it's just, they play with no pace. They, they play with no unpredictability at all. They never try to put any sort of pressure. You'd think like if you have Saquon as a running back with Hertz's ability to run and pass and the receivers they have, you could almost go no huddle and just put a defense, you know, put them on their backpedal.


They don't do anything. They're just like, Nope. Do all your subs, get all your guys in and out. Do what you need to do. I don't get it. And for the most part, as long as they don't get in a third and long situation, they're fine. If they're third and three or third and one they can line up for the tush, push on third and one And it can back out and throw it long like we saw or hand it to Barkley. Like it is a huge, huge advantage what the Ravens do. What the bills do and specifically what the Eagles do with the tush push. And third and short. I mean, 'cause you're gonna convert on fourth but yeah, everything this team does bugs me now. Barkley enough with the sliding down, you're an unselfish player. Should you be a social worker? Maybe like score touchdowns. People were betting on you to score touchdowns enough already.


You sounds sound like the over, it's not like you're up one and you don't wanna go up eight because they're gonna get the ball. Like j just, just finish it. It it, it's crazy already. So I don't know. I actually re wound. It seemed like the D back had an angle and maybe could chase them down 30 yards downfield. But yeah, he, he definitely slid a little early. It wa there was a couple moments today with covers and over unders. 'cause you had that play. You had Matt Collins about to go, he's setting up the bills on the two yard line. Terrible next touchdown covers every tease and adjusted o over if you had 41, 42, whatever. Yeah. And then what was the other one? Was that the Baltimore Pittsburgh just ending at 42 points that, that felt like that could have been harder.


Right? Oh right. Yeah. The Steelers had like 200 yards in third quarter and then there was no points at all after that. The Chargers, Texans games somehow going over. Yes. What were the adds to that? It was like seven, six le I mean the first, I don't know when you wanna talk about that one. One more thing on Hertz though. His three winning playoff games, 131 yards against the Packers. 121 yards passing against the Niners 154 against the Giants. Like I don't know if we've ever seen anything like this. I know he is a not asked to do that much and, and and he doesn't and they win. Right. Well and he's not even like when they're celebrating at the end, he seems in the side he's such a polarizing guy within the Eagles. Yeah. Like I know a lot of Eagles fans, none of them have a handle on him at all.


But yet they've been winning and they've been successful with him. Right. But you watch and it's just, I don't know. There there's, when you look at like what we saw from Alan and Mahomes in somewhat similar offensive sit situations from a weapon standpoint and they're just so electric and I guess Hertz just doesn't have that level in him. Yeah. When he shoots off to the side, he'll take a hard hit for a two yard game. Right. Like I feel like I'm like, Hey, cut it up. What are you, what are you doing? I don't know. I'm not gonna Right. Whatever. He's gone to the Super Bowl and and everything. But just read a book on the sideline every now and then Jalen come on, be a good team. Should read inner excellence but borrow a copy from AJ Brown.


I was thinking Eagles fans 'cause they've, the team has been successful. Yeah. But they also love complaining about them. And I don't really blame them, but it's like that, it's like the, the friend who's married to the guy that you always feel like they're gonna get divorced and they're, and they're never divorced but they're always, she's always complaining about him. That's kind of the Eagles fans with this state. Yeah. You think they'd root for the Panthers all these years just to the point where you're like, oh, does your team suck? I mean you keep saying they do. I don did you go 13 to four? Green Bay was kind of the hipster Super Bowl contender this year. Yeah. They were like the alternate pick. I know we had money on them. We both loved Detroit with the one seed and some Super Bowl bets.


But then Green Bay was kind of the, well here's Plan B if the Detroit thing doesn't work out. They ended up going Owen six against Philly and Minnesota and Detroit. Wow. And this was more alarming to me. I'm throwing out the Brazil game in week one. 'cause that game was stupid. They're playing it in. Right. I I don't understand what that field was in the other games against those three teams. They fell behind by 21 to Minnesota by 17 to Minnesota. They fell behind 21 to Detroit. They were down 10 to Detroit and they were down 10 today. 10 nothing. This was them against any good team. They just immediately spotted 10, 12, 17 points, whatever it was.


And there's a couple times where they would kind of come back. What changed today was they lost Watson before the game. Yeah. And then they lose two more weapons. So they couldn't even do the comeback thing that love was pretty good at. I thought love had a really bad year for what my expectations were. If my expectations were an A minus, I I thought he was like a c plus. I agree. I don't know when, I'm trying to think when we loved them. When did we fall in love with that team? When were they peaking? Was it six weeks ago? Because you're right. Yeah, it really six ago really beat the good teams, but they never really put together good. I guess they were just beating up the, the, the crap. No, they had, they beat up Miami on Thanksgiving. There was that Thanksgiving in the week after, we should remember this for next year because there was a moment where Green Bay looked like the most dangerous NFC team.


Yeah. Pittsburgh looked like they had the one seed locked up. Yeah. They had already beaten Baltimore. They had two game lead. They I think were 10 and three And it just felt like they were gonna be 13 three. They, they never won again. They were 10 and three and Right. And that was it. They, when I think they lost their, they lost their last five and just completely fell apart and we'll we can talk about that later. But yeah, it was, those were the two teams that I think really fell off. And then conversely Washington came back. I think 'cause Daniels got healthy was probably the main reason for it. And then Houston died and then just randomly their defense came back at some point during that Chargers game, which we're gonna talk about in a second.


But I think those were, those were kind of the variance teams. I guess the Chiefs might've been the other one. 'cause the chiefs were looking so creaky there and we were like, this offense, they're just gonna be able to score 20 points anymore. And then they gradually figured that out. Everything else has kind of went toward what we thought. Yeah. It's funny, like after Saturday I'm like, well have we learned anything about the Chargers and Steelers other than it's the same team we've been looking at for eight years. Right. You can't really trust them. They Steelers knuckleball their way to the playoffs without a good quarterback and then they'll show up. I don't know what you wanna talk about next, but the Chargers were just brutal too. But, well, one, one thing on Green Bay, 'cause I wanna move to Bills and Steelers. I thought their D was good and I thought they did a good job today.


I thought Jacobs was good. Good. Earl Campbell run his whole d jersey coming apart. It's fun. I like Watson as a player, but I don't think it should be a dramatic difference. I like their tight ends craft a musk grave. I don't know what, I don't remember. I don't know Musgrave was hurt or if he played or what happened, but, and then they lost dynamite doing the tush push their version of tush push. Hey, I don't wanna make excuses for them 'cause they got beat. Probably shouldn't have won. But that kickoff is a huge mo You can't, you can't turn it over on the road and you can't miss field goals. It's a bad field goals. Denver missed a field goal. They weren't gonna win that game. But it, if you pause button a playoff game and the road team is getting the opening kickoff and fumbles on the kickoff, it's almost like the live bet.


You almost wanna bet everything on the other team no matter. It just feels like the worst omen possible for the rest of the game. But the bottom line is Jordan Love wasn't good. And there's probably some reasons for it that I have to do with the, some of the weapons being gone. But he made some really bad throws. Yeah. And I, I never felt like last year I, especially in the playoffs, it felt like he was elevating. I didn't feel that way at all in the, in down the stretch air. Well, you know, I guess the bottom line, the message is don't fall in love with these quarterbacks too much. Jordan Love CJ Strout, even though he won not as good a year. Drake may, you know, I can go on and on. Come on. Just don't fall in love with these guys. Let's, let's take one more break and then we'll do Bills and Steelers.


This episode is brought to you by Amazon Prime. Here's the thing about Prime, whatever you're into, it makes it even better. I love, because we watch a lot of prime movies for the re watchable. I love being able to pop up the x-ray thing that tells you what actors and what's seen. I love that. I love being able to rent movies that just came out or buy them. If I'm excited to do that from streaming to shopping. It's on prime visit amazon.com/prime to get more out of whatever you're into.


Alright, so I'm lumping Bill's Broncos and Steelers Ravens together because this whole season, everyone else did on a teaser. Yeah. Right. Because we, we did it on teaser. It was the, we call it the anchor tease or the anchor parley, whatever you wanted. Yeah. My favorite was either these eight or eight and a half point teases you could do with them on, on FanDuel and basically put anyone else you want. Move the line. Eight points, eight and a half points. It's right around even odds. And it just, it just seemed like a free way to gain eight points with everybody. It won with Tampa. It didn't win with the Chargers, it won with Houston. It won with Washington. I thought we were gonna lose Fandel as a sponsor. I was like, is a, is a favorite ever gonna lose again?


I Right. And then when Tampa was winning tonight, like, I don't even know. But, but yeah, they gave it to us. Look, there's a lot of storylines for the year. Washington and Jade Daniels, the Lions, the Vikings coming outta nowhere. The chief's going for a threepeat. Like there's a lot going on. But this Josh v Lamar thing ended up being the most fun thing to argue about lots of. And it never, I never, as I said earlier, I never thought I got ugly. I, 'cause both guys have been great and what's cool is both guys peaking at the right time. So today, but Buffalo Rush is 44 for two 10 and experimented with putting like this sixth offensive lineman out there as a tight end and just like fully balled the, the their way through the first half.


And then Baltimore yesterday, 50 carries for 2 99, Buffalo had the ball, 41 minutes, Baltimore at 39 33. So two teams that love having the ball, running it down your throats, playing each other with two magical quarterbacks who also in the playoffs run the ball more. This is an a, this is like one of the best games of the decade. I'm so excited for it. It's an incredible advantage. Like I said, these two teams have even more than like Detroit. Like I'm, I'm wowed by Detroit's offense too, but when you have like Josh Allen like rolling left, it just looks weird. Right. Quarterback rolling left and he could slide slither his way for like Yeah. Seven yards. And then Lamar did that.


I think he probably had like five of the first eight carries against the Steelers. I'm like, oh there, this game's over too. They're done too. So Yeah, when the, when they go against each other. I I I, I was so nervous about that Buffalo Game Simmons, I'm like, we all need this to complete a parlay. I had Ohio State to start it and then anchored with these other two and the orange pants were a killer on the eyes for Denver. And then they scored right away. I'm like, shit, this is where they take, well we knew Denver was gonna make make us sweat it out in the first quarter. Yeah. That was just the law. Right. There was just too much money on. And then I was thinking about if you tease them and Buffalo could win by one, but you still don't cover the tees. There are all these different ways. But then Buffalo was like, we got this I think com combining the two of them.


I think they're the, the two best. How do you stop this offenses? Yeah. We've had in a while and I, I'm not, I'm not ready to talk about them historically. And one of them might score seven points next week, but Right. Just when you're watching the moment in these playoff games, now that these quarterbacks don't have to worry about saving their bodies to the playoffs and can actually run and try to do stuff. Daniels was like this too with Washington. I just don't know what the move is when it's like third and four. Yeah. It's like, it's like you almost have to guess what the play is. Temo Bowl style charge Allen. He's still gonna stiff arm the first guy roll out and try to hit somebody's sidearm as he is rolling.


And then Lamar is just like, he he is like covered in grease. Yep. Even if you stop him, he's going by you. So I don't, can't wait to watch. Yeah. I think Romo said it, Romo said he is like, you could have a spy on these guys, but they're just better than all the spies. They're faster, they're, you know, they have a better keener sense of the field than all the spies and it's just tough. And you look at the Steelers whose defense ended up being just average. Right. But I was thinking, wow, if they can't stop Lamar, if this can't be like a 1715 type game that they're used to, forget it. Who the hell's gonna do it? Alan had a play in the first half when he was going around the corner and the guy knew what he was doing. Yeah. And it was a, I think it was a third down and the guy basically beat him to the spot and Alan just went around him.


Yeah. Went down the sideline and got eight. Took a guy on, knocked him over too instead bounce. Yeah. Defend, like put his jersey down over a puddle so that Alan could step over it. It's getting ridiculous, but, but, but it's just, it, both of those guys just have these, oh my God. Had he stopped this now Baltimore might not have Za flowers next week. That's not nothing. Buffalo seems like they have their full team and they really feel like they've, they've every, I don't know where they got this offensive line from that, you know, we did a lot of prep before the year. I remember liking certain things about their team and definitely they had an offensive line was one of the strengths. Now it feels like one of the best three offensive lines in the league. Yeah. So, and James Cook is very good and they don't rely on one guy.


It's not Stefan Diggs like, oh, you don't get him the ball. He's gonna be mad and he's your not No, he, you look at the box score, they'll, they'll end up having like eight pass catchers and Yeah. He said like 15 touchdown catchers this year. Yeah. I guess the difference is Baltimore is built to stop the run. They're really good at it. I think they're number one. The league Buffalo is not Right. So if you're gonna say, all right, both of these teams are gonna go bully ball, I think Baltimore has a better chance to do it. Baltimore yesterday, as they broke Pittsburgh spirit completely and totally, they had that 13 run 85 yard touchdown drive where they did not pass, which is just they fuck you. Yeah. Honestly, that's just, you're just pulling it out at that point and just, and and waving it around like a fucking lasso, like 13 runs in a row.


Hey, hey, have some of this. Like, it's such a Fuck you. It really is like not one pass. No, that's just like, you're like, let's break these guys. Yeah. It's, and they're, they're often, hey, he's telling Harbaugh like, Hey, I was thinking about just Colin runs over and over again until we score just to fuck with these guys. He's like, yeah, do it. Go ahead. Yeah, go for it. So, and it worked. And Tomlin, I don't know, I mean that's six games and in the playoffs he is gone down by 21 or more. Like, I don't know what, what you think about this guy. And then I look at the quarterback situation, it's like, this team doesn't have a chance unless the moon ball of Pickens works has to work like four times a game now for them to even have a, any kind of chance today.


Well we were bett on them over and over again and they were overachieving looking great. Yeah. And the Philly game was when it turned, they got their asses kicked by Philly and we all said, oh, stayed at the craps table game too long on that one. Yeah. It felt like that Three days and 11 days, three games and 11 days kind of broke 'em. I was thinking about possible excuses for them. The three days and 11 days somehow didn't break Baltimore or Casey or Houston. They all like gained strength of it, but I guess Pittsburgh could blame it. Russell Wilson maybe is like a house guest that just kind of stays too long. Hmm. It's like fun to have him in the guest room for two months. Yeah. Month three. He's just leaving the fridge open and you're like, oh man, this guy.


Yeah. Gotta get off the couch. Right. Tomlin 18 years. The 18 year itch. I dunno if that's a, is that a thing? I think it is. Yeah. Look it up. I have one more I could add too that Yeah, let's hear it. Yeah. You called them the best a FC team back like December 2nd or so. That might be another one. They were, they were the one seed. No, come on. Was that wrong? Yeah, you were wrong. Yeah. Come on. Well in the moment. Was that wrong? Sure, yeah. Yeah. My whole point was they're the best team right now. December or whatever. They weren't, they weren't buff better than Buffalo I believe. I mean that. All right. Okay, that's fine. I'm not blaming you, but that's fine. I'm gonna wipe my tears with my, I went 27 and five and over under his handkerchief.


Oh wow. You have that. So I looked at their last six playoff losses for Pittsburgh. Yeah. Gave up 36 points to the Pats 45 to the Jaguars 48 to the Browns 42 to the Chiefs, 31 to Buffalo last week, and then 28 to the Ravens this week. Which really could have been more, if the Ravens wanted to score more. Tom was supposed to be this like awesome defensive coach. We always talk about the ugly 18 to 16 games and in January it just goes away. What happens? I don't know. But I also know they don't have the luxury of what the Patriots did.


Right? Because they're not ever gonna be in a position to draft a great quarterback. Right? So if as long as this streak gets, oh my God, he did it. He went, they went over eight and a half wins. Again, you win on that, that's great. And then it's a first round exit in the playoffs. That's not gonna change anytime soon. But now you're right. The the margins are getting, are getting thick. Like the season's just too long for them and they're losing by too many points in the playoffs. I don't, I don't know what happens to that guy. I don Dunno what happened to their defense. I thought the first two months I thought they had the best defense in the league. Yeah. As they DJ w got hurt at one point And it never felt like he was totally the same. They had some secondary injuries, but the first two months they were like the flying around defense.


And that I, Colin, who was calling him out? Who was the announcer for that Pittsburgh game? It was not Collinsworth this week. Oh, it's Herb Street. Herb Street, yeah. Was, you know, he's not exactly like Mr. Super critical. He was like calling them out in the first half. He's like, was it's a playoff game. Where's the fight from this team? Yep. Make a play. He kept saying, yep. So something weird happened. I don't know what happened with this team, but they, whatever we saw the last five weeks was not what we saw in the first three months from them. Well, yeah, I don't wanna say he is losing the locker room, but this is the closest it looks to that in a long time. Would you trade Mike McCarthy in a second round pick form? I was, I gotta say I was a little annoyed that the Patriots signed for Vrabel.


I'm like, oh man, Tomlin could be available for them. They just waited like 48 hours and Yes. For the Pats. Yes. For the Patriots. Yeah, the stayers. They famously had only had three coaches in 130 years or whatever the thing is. Yeah. Yeah. I don't know. I think they go in for the, after the season meeting with the owner and they're like, what happened this year, Mike? And he is like, I don't know, our quarter, we paid $3 million for our quarterbacks. Yeah. So what I do one 10 games. So what's the, what's the quarterback situation? Not that I care too much, but what, what, what possibly gonna do? I know what I would do. I would trade the first pick for McCarthy. But then you still ha have Russell Wilson or Justin Fields and McCarthy?


No, no, not my not I'm saying JJ McCarthy. Oh, okay. Alright. You were talking about my McCart McCarthy. No, I was like, why didn't trade aro pick? I know it's been a tough week Bill, but what? No, this is no, I would trade for JJ McCarthy. I gotcha. Interesting. Now if Donald shit the bet again tomorrow, he might not be available anymore. Right, right, right. Yeah. Donald could go from two weeks ago. We were talking about why won't they just pay him now and now two weeks if he sucks again and be like, ah, well at least they have JJ mcc. That's not bad. There's not a ton of options for them. That's not a bad thought. The other guy they could trade for Joe Milton. I, I'll send him some week. 18 Buffalo Pats game tape.


Joe Milton lighten up the bill second string pretending it, we could pretend it was the first string chargers, Texans Chargers. This was beyond Shay's, right? This was, this was, we don't, haven't gone in a while, but if we did, like people would be chucking their mojo potatoes at the screen for the first hour and the, and the manager would threaten to turn the game to rerun the tele. It was AI sha It was AI created a shaky broadcast. Yeah. Six. Nothing. Charges are up after they just gave away possible touchdowns on two straight drives. The Texans are an absolute mess. Third and 16, they snapped the ball over STRs head And it seems like it's either gonna be a safety, a touchdown, something great.


This is right after the intentional grounding. They don't call and he picks it up, rolls out, everyone in charge, just stops, throws it to midfield and immediately turns it into a different quarterback. And from that point on in the Texans never looked back. I my best bet was the Texans over 19 and a half and you were making fun of me. I was like, how I was how do Texans over three and a half points looking and I, I I deserved it. They were terrible. I still don't think I picked the right side. They won 32 to 12 and I still don't think I got it right. I don't know if there was a right side. Oh man, I think it was too wrong Sides and Herbert's so weird because he'll throw a 22 yard completion to McConkey. I'm like, wow, that's the best throw of a football I've seen in the long time. That's beautiful time. Yeah. What a, what a cannon. Yeah.


Four interceptions later. I think we were gonna rank his top 10 bad passes, but it end ended up too many. We we can't get to it. So was that for you? Is that a Houston is so resilient, they're the nobody believes in Us game? Or is that a we might never get there with Justin Herbert game? Oh man. I think, can I say both? I'm not allowed to say both. You can say both. I'm gonna say Houston, primarily Houston. And they scared me last year. Remember? That's what sent me on a tailspin. In some others when we bet against them, I thought the Browns were a better team last year, right? Yeah. When they went to Houston and Houston throttle them. I was like, You know what the chargers tend to have, I mean now you got this quarterback going back to Herbert.


He's had, what does, he had like two teams that had three interceptions and he couldn't the three turnovers and he couldn't beat them. That's the thing. Jacks game, everything was going their way and he still couldn't close the game five years. Zero playoff wins. He's three games over 500. He include the playoff games. He's one game over 500. I was actually researching quarterbacks who never won a playoff game and the best one ever is W ya tittle. He never won one. Huh? Never won as much as we heard about him. Yeah, interesting. Had some was in some big spots, apparently never won one. And then Andy Dalton let was the other one. Andy Dalton never won a sha his game never won.


Wow. Oh, oh for five. But the famous one was Stafford first 12 years oh and three in the playoffs. Never won anything. So maybe this is a Stafford type thing, but it's really unusual for a guy this talented to not win. So you have that and then you have, you know, we used to joke about the Delo. The Delo was was four picks with a, with a fumble. And then the Delo, the full Delo I think was five picks with a fumble. And one of them had to be a pick six or something like that. So close. So close. So I went back and I looked quarterbacks in the last 50 years with, with four picks and a fumble in a playoff game.


And it's only 15 And it 15. That's a lot. It's 15. 15. Well I think like people used to throw interceptions way more, way more than the old days. I didn't think days think they passed as much, I guess. Yeah. Todd Marinovich had one. Jim Kelly, Richard Todd, Joe Ferguson, Tommy Kramer, the, the one we watched together. The first Super Bowl we watched together. Tampa, Oakland. Oh yeah. Rich Gannon. Five picks, three pick sixes. So that was like, I, I guess the full Gannon is, is five picks. Gannon sounds better anyway, I think. Yeah. So only three guys have thrown five picks with an interception. Lum, Gannon, and Kramer. The last two to do it were Brian Hoyer in 2016 and Carson Palmer the same year.


Mm. Right. I do remember he did the four with the, he had the pick six. I, I'll, I'll say this about Herbert 'cause I don't wanna bury him completely yet, but you know, I don't know that Harbaugh as psyched as he was a year ago. Right? I don't, I don't know. We could, we could stop the comparisons to Joe Burrow for sure. Fine. Keep comparing him the two of that. That's good. But I, I don't know if you're, if you're Harbaugh, what's your thought process now? It's like, oh shit, this is gonna take a lot more work than I thought. Right. I think you move pretty quickly into, I gotta get this guy more than one receiver. There's a nerd case for blaming the offensive coordinator and the play calling, but the, you know, the football nerds love Justin Herbert no matter what he does.


Right. Here's the bigger question to me, quarterbacks you'd rather have for the next eight years than Justin Herbert. Oh man. So take 2033. It's really just after I'll, I'll, I'll list them to you and you tell me when to stop. Yeah. Mahomes, Alan Lamar Burrow take all four of those, right? Yeah. Would you take Jade Daniels? Sure. Right now. But I'm, you know, I'm gonna be hesitant with the whole CJ Stroud thing. But yes. Right now, CJ Stroud, I don dunno, it's a toss up for you. That's close. That, that's maybe where you got me.


Wait a minute. There's not more. That's, that's the top is more. Oh, Drake May. No, come on. Come on. Let's see a little something else. If the Charger's off for Justin Herbert for Drake may turn it down. You would straight up Fuck yeah. Whatcha talking about rather have Drake may a rookie contract a hundred times out a hundred. You've not a good whoever said you were a good business man. Here's the interesting one. Mayfield. Oh, that old Mayfield or Justin Herbert. He's been in the league since what, 2017. It's a lot of years. If you told me four or five, I think it's easier. So you go four years you'd say? Yes. I think so. Yeah.


I love Baker Dak. You wouldn't say eight years, but if I gave you, if I said four, you would take Dak for four. I think I would. Yes. Darn. It's so funny. Oh, pause. We all have to wait till tomorrow to say Yeah, I don, I don't wanna look. I don't be foolish. Yeah, I'd say no probably, but yeah. Would you rather have Jared Goff or Justin Herbert? I'd rather have Herbert Herbert. Yeah. We'd rather have Caleb Williams or Justin Herbert Herbert right now. Why would I? Yeah. Okay. So that's it. That's probably the point of that exercise is as bad as he was in that game and he is never won a playoff game.


He's still one of the top 10 QB assets. No matter what your preference is, you're still talking yourself into Yeah. 'cause well, it'll get you 10 wins and maybe you can get lucky in the playoffs and they were not lucky or good yesterday. I don't love the adversity piece with him. Like when it feels like when the wheels start coming off, it doesn't get better for him. Right. You know, it, he, it feels when it's going good, he seems great. And then that's a whole other list And it goes the other way. Some of those nos, I would rather take some of those guys down 10 than Herbert for sure. Yeah. Yeah.


All right, let's take a break and then we'll do guest the lines. All right. So we're gonna do guest the lines round two. We only have three games that have lines. We're gonna come back Monday night after Minnesota and the Rams and do a little short, maybe 25 minute pod where we talk about the game and then guess the line because we like to guess every line. It's not our fault they changed, made it a three day round one and come back. I love doing the pod with you. But yeah, they, it was a little tidier when everything was done by Sunday night. And also make that game in Vegas. Move everything to va when in doubt move everything to Vegas. What's Glendale cares? Which game? Oh, the, the Rams Vikings.


Yeah. Why isn't that in Vegas? That it's an easier drive to Vegas if you're in LA it, if you, it's a football game. If it's a bachelor party, if it's an intervention, just move it to Vegas. It's an easy thought getting out there. They love Glendale. They love how like middle of the road between the two teams. It is for some reason it's like we put it in Arizona. It's perfectly neutral. The, the NFL just feels like it's the most neutral territory possible. I don home field. Yeah. This is that the first time they've went to Glendale. I'm with you. Why not go to Vegas? Go to Vegas? Yeah. Okay. I'll do the a FC games first. Alright.


Chiefs Texans in Kansas City. I the only reason I was scared of Houston in that char, I really liked the Chargers in that Chargers game. Houston had a whiff and nobody believes in us. Yeah. And then you look at them more and you're like, there's a reason nobody believes in you. You guys have sucked. Like, like the, the, the only things that would make anyone believe in you are the, the models on home underdogs during the playoffs and some of the stuff housed on the show. Like there's there gambling nerd metrics that we should believe in you. But from what we've watched from a football standpoint, you guys have sucked.


Yeah. So I don't feel bad about missing that as a nobody believes in us, but in this game it's gonna kick up. I was like a two and a half line that they screw you with, right? Yeah. Like, oh, I just have to pick the winner here. The charger are better than the Texans. So, but until that was the one, you know the thing with that game though, I really thought the Charger's offensive line was gonna be able to handle the Edge rushers on Houston. They have good tackles. Yeah. And yet over and over again Houston was coming on the edge and they they had feet. Feet. We disrupted them. Yeah. Right, right, right. Yeah. I just thought, just pegged it wrong. Anyway, chiefs, Texans. I have chiefs by nine. Alright. Don't get mad, but I hit this exactly seven and a half.


Wow. That's what I said. So I jacked it up because I thought they would not want us to tease the chiefs and I thought they'd put it at nine so that even if you teased them, you still had chiefs minus three chiefs, seven and a half. They're basically opening the floodgates for a tease. They've done a weird disrespectful thing for the chiefs in their lines, you know, as much as they can for a 15 win team. And they've kind of done it all season long. The big thing I I'm hearing is it, it seems like it's a disadvantage and Fandel is also treating it as a disadvantage that they've been off for two weeks. Like, oh, the chiefs are off two weeks and they didn't play any one week.


18. So that's really two weeks. Like Yeah, this, they do this every year. Right. And they win the Super Bowl like every other year. So why? Yeah. They have infrastructure. Yeah. Why are we going crazy about it? I can understand it. After week 12, week 13 range when we were really worried about the Chiefs And it really felt like, what were they, 12 and one, it felt like they could have been easily eight and five or seven and six with five different plays. I liked the way they ended the season up until when they didn't have to play anymore. I thought, I, I thought they were more explosive. Explosive. I thought Pacheco pachecos once he came back that run the ball better. I just liked how they looked more. And I, I think they're delighted in this matchup. Honestly. I don't think they want, you know, they wouldn't have been afraid of Harbaugh. But the charges put him well twice they, I think they had a two point loss and a seven point loss.


And Harbaugh going to Kansas, you know, I think Andy Reid gets a little freaked out there. But this, they'll slap this team around. I think the only case would be the Houston pass rush. Again, Casey's tackles aren't great. Some sort of dumb Casey first half where they have three points, you know, 20 minutes into the game and then mixing, pounding the ball down their throat. I don't know. Listen, I'm, I'm teasing the Chiefs. I'm just telling you that you and I, I know it's been a rough week. You and I and your financial planner. We're gonna sit down Tuesday, Wednesday ish and we're gonna figure out how much you wanna put on the Chief's Ohio State money line Parlay.


And so you'll Oh, you're still in on Ohio State? Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. That's easy. So let's just do it. Not have to worry about any of that. You're not afraid of Notre Dame? No, no, no. It's mis mismatch. It's a mismatch upfront. They're gonna get bullied Bills. Ravens is our second game. I had this all week battling back and forth between minus two and a half, minus three. And I think I'm wrong, but I have the bills in Buffalo favored by three gets to Baltimore Ravens. That's exactly what I thought. And I stand by it. Our friends at FanDuel have the bills only favored by one and a half.


Ooh. The tic-tac zone. Yep. Did we see a little flipper? Ru Oh, you think the Ravens will get the nod? I'm just, every time we're in the 1.5 tic-tac zone, sometimes by Wednesday all of a sudden it's like, wait a second. Baltimore's favorite in Buffalo. Now can we talk about what this means? Like why, how they may have arrived at this? 'cause it doesn't really make sense to me. Maybe they arrived the same way. I've kind of arrived mentally. I like the Ravens. You do. I do. I I forgot to do this before I had this Derrick Henry thing I was gonna do with you. Go ahead, let's do it.


Which quarterback would you want over Derrick Henry? Oh no, I was looking up, I was trying to think of how many guys were awesome from like the first moment they played in high school all the way through and they're still awesome now. Like I think LeBron's been like that, right? LeBron was awesome as a ninth grader all the way through. He's been awesome for 26 years. Henry as a freshman in high school at Yulee in 2009 rushed for 2,465 yards and 7.9 yards of carry. He was like 14 years old. Yeah. He finished his career. He ran for 12,124 yards in high school.


8.7 yards per carry and 153 touchdowns. Right. So he is, I don know if he's the greatest high school running back ever. But if they, whenever anybody writes that article, he has to be one of the first people mentioned. It's like Emmett Smith and you go through Yeah, you have to have Henry in the first couple, well, week nine against Norwich's junior year. He says he had the flu but he only went for like hundred 30. Yeah. So then he goes to Alabama, they're stacked at running back. He plays anyway second year better. And then third year, 2,219 yards 5.6 a carry turns pro. And he's rushed for 11,423 yards in nine years.


He's had three years where he ran for over five yards of carry. And then another year he was four nine. This last year he ran for five nine and carry in 1921. It's the second best year of his career. There's nobody like him. He's a complete 1 0 1. We've never seen a running back who does the things that he does. I can't compare him to anybody we've ever, like there's pieces of like Christian naco, Eric Dickerson, I, I don't know who he is. Yep. And he's exactly as good as he was when he came in the league. And I don't know how long it continues, but it's weird that we had that one playoffs when we talked about him when the tight, when the Titans were like nine and eight or nine and seven and then they made it all the way to the A FC title game And it was like, oh my god, it's Derrick Henry more valuable than any quarterback.


And that was the only time he had a moment in the sun. Yeah. And now you watch him, especially in that playoff game and it's like, are we just completely under 80 Baltimore and is this Lamar Henry thing? Are we gonna look back at this and think this was one of the most amazing combos we've had in the league this century. Anyway, that's why I like the Ravens. Well I think you could be right about all that stuff. I mean it's amazing. A guy does so well in high school that he is drafted in college and he does so well in college. The pro, like I was just like, how are you? But how are you this great as a running back for 15 straight years. But his yard per carry went down a couple of those years. Right. But he unstoppable. I know, I get it. He's, he's awesome. He's still unstop. He was unstoppable as a freshman in high school. 15 years later nobody could stop him.


Like it's amazing. Listen, I, crystal Walker slowed down. FanDuel had Saturday highest rushing yards on Saturday. I was like, it's Derrick Henry. Why is it minus 1 25 J's arguing with me? I was like, just stop. Just bet Derrick Henry to have the most yards on Saturday. He's gonna have the mol yards for the weekend. Yeah. What he end up up at 180 6, 180 6 or something. So yeah, he's great. They're great. The only thing is, I don't know, like they have to, sometimes they, they don't figure out how to manage the load between Lamar and Henry. Sometimes he's four nine per carry for his career. Yeah. And then five Oh in the postseason usually we always talk about running backs.


It's like a shelf life of four years, five years, maybe six years. This guy's gonna, you know, he's floating around a free agency and people are like, ah, he might be too old. And it turned out he was just on a team that didn't have quarterbacks for four years. Right. I I think this guy's one of the all time freaks. Like I think Moss was a freak. I think Lawrence Taylor was a freak. We talk about like the freak athletes that we've watched since we've been alive and love football. And Henry it's, it's, it's a short list but he's definitely on it. I we're just, he's a one-on one to me. I'm not gonna argue. I will have to see his like stats and Turkey bowl when his parents played him and when he was like nine years old and stuff. But I'll trust him. Senior year, 13 games.


4,261 yards. Wow. He ran for 4,000. Yard him up. I know, it's stupid. It's really dumb. Yeah. I he he he's got a lot of wear and tear on him. It doesn't make any sense. Or he doesn't No. And it, you see there's like the videos of Lamar from high school where he has like a couple just freaky. Yeah. You know he has that one that run into the end zone where he just stops and the guy goes by him and he just pauses and then he goes in and it's just like some of these dudes, they just had it when they were 14. Then there's the late bloomer types. Even Cooper Dejaun. Have you seen the basketball footage of him? Like Yeah. Doing two hands slams.


I don dunno. These guys are good athletes. These guys are good athletes. I'm glad you're learning that. I still think one and a half's light. Sorry. No, I just think, I think Henry is one of the all time freaks since we've been watching football. He's phenomenal. I've put him at the top, top, top freak level of all these dudes. And I, I wonder, is he the key guy in round two? Not the reason I brought that up. Is he the key guy in round two? Not Lamar. Because the bills, they're medium sized. They're not big. I do feel like you can battering ran them and he just softens them up and then Lamar can do his stuff on the side. But why did you make this line three if you like Baltimore so much? I was just trying to guess what Vegas would have it.


Oh. Because I think Vegas really likes the bills. Yeah. I don know. Where does the line end up? You think you're going Ravens, as soon as we hang this zoom up, you're putting the Ravens on a teaser with somebody. I know you are. I, to me, I wanna bet them straight up. 'cause there's still the, the La Lamar playoff stuff still makes me a whiff nervous. Hmm. So I wouldn't wanna tie it with another bet. I'd rather tease the chiefs with one of the NFC teams. Mack Hollins had 13 touchdown receptions in high school as a played varsity in ninth grade. 4,241 yards. It's preposterous. I know. It's crazy. I just like, and he never get, he, I guess he got, he got hurt for like eight games one year in Tennessee.


Yeah. But there's just nowhere and tear at all. It's like, he's like a car that has 200,000 miles on it that can still go 200 miles an hour. If he went to our son's high school, we'd be talking about him so much. Our kids would hate us. Right. Like, shut up, dad. Pay attention to me. He's like, yeah, but you got a running back in your school who ran from 4,300 yards. I was saying I was on a texter about this this weekend and I was saying it's like the kid in the little league World Series game, the Cody Webster kid who's just bigger than everybody else. Right. And then that kid grows up and he is, that's the highlight of his life. Right. Derrick Henry was probably that kid at age eight. Yeah. And he's still that guy now. And he's 30. He's been that guy for over highlights two decades. Highlights. He still looks like you watching you go, how's anyone tackling this?


Right. Third game, Detroit Home for Washington. Yep. You know where this is going? It's going right in the Vegas zone for me. Detroit by five and a half. Ooh. Wow. I said seven and a half and it's eight and a half. Oh wow. All you're gonna beat me this week. Wait a minute. Do we even have to do guest alliance tomorrow? Yeah, we do. We still have to do for posterity. Yes. I'm, I'm gonna You don't have to start your guys. You can, you can be like when the chiefs rest week 18. Yeah. You can look up some Derrick Henry High School footage.


We can go over that somewhere. Some of his games at you Lee. We'll talk about our Sacramento bet. This is eight and a this is, I I was trying to figure out why it's even higher than seven and a half. What? I guess. But, so Tampa was what, three and Detroit's eight and a half. I think that's ridiculous. I don't understand that at all with Detroit's defense. Hmm. Because they look good on against Minnesota. 'cause Donald sucked and sailed like 10 passes. We now, we're now we think Detroit's defense is back. They gave up 40 plus points like three weeks before that. The old one is by high by far the highest so far.


And at 55 and a half. So I guess they're thinking it could get outta hand with one score even if it's close late. Well this lined up really nicely for the lions. Yeah. They get the one seed, they get a week off, they get washed in round two that just pulled out yet another crazy win. But still has a rookie quarterback like the leap of just thinking mentally of Washington. I know they won 12 games. They're a good team. But just thinking about them in the NFC title game, that seems like a lot. Gimme if you're, if you're Dan Campbell and let's say you get through this game out of the three possible opponents, Rams, Vikings, Eagles, who do you want?


I think I'd be the most afraid of the Vikings as crazy as that sounds. Really. And they might lose tomorrow familiarity. Yeah. Don't you think? Because Yeah, maybe. I do think there's a world where those were the two best teams. Not just in the NFC but the whole league potentially. Okay. Withstanding the whole chief's playoff pedigree and all that stuff. But, but what if AJ Brown puts down the book and maybe he'll finish inner excellence by then. He's got a long time. He's got three, two weeks. I, with the way Hertz looks, I wouldn't be as scared of the Eagles as I would've been four weeks ago. Right. We think Yeah. I mean he had 39 yards at halftime. I know. I just read you that it, his numbers and, and that he's winning these playoff games.


It's, it's ridiculous. But it does bug me that third and three. They got you over a barrel every single time. All right. So we're, we're gonna, we'll save the rest of it for tomorrow when we react off. All right. We'll we'll get that up. I'm up. You right. I'm up to three to one. I won the week. I'm up three to one. We'll do it for fun. What's, what's the, are we tied now for the season? You're we were tied heading into now we were tied heading into the week. Yeah. So I'm up by one. This is Jesus. It could be your first. This could give hope to Buffalo fans, Minnesota fans, Washington Commanders fans. Hold on. Lions fans on, lemme read you my guest. The Lions record in middle school.


I went 16 weeks. How did you ninth grade, how many great high school to their thirties athletes. Can you think of who were great the entire time all the way through? Because like in basketball it's like basketball happens more basketball happens. Way more easy to figure out. Yeah. Football happens with the quarterbacks but the running backs and the receivers, I would argue it doesn't really, Emmett was like that. Emmett was awesome. Emmett was great. Right? Always. He was awesome. He was a high school college pro guy. Yeah. But other than that, I Don Dunno always Sir Rudy, are there other guys that I'm not thinking of? How many guys were awesome. High school college pros, Erie's.


Gotta turn his zoom on. Oh there he is. I mean Arch Manning. Trevor Lawrence were big but Arch Manning didn't play I think. Yeah. Peyton. Yeah. Oh Peyton's a good one. Was Peyton awesome. Peyton was great. Like ninth grade on, He couldn't get over the the hump though in college. Right. Wasn't that kind of the knock on him? Right, right. He was still putting up stats. Yeah, no, he was great. He just couldn't be Florida. Yeah. I guess Randy Moss, but then Randy Moss had to transfer when he was in college and the college went a little sideways for a second. Oh, Adrian Peterson. Right. But do, I mean that's a good one. Obviously you slowed down in the last couple of years, but yeah.


A ridiculous recruiting class. So Rudy, when, when Henry got, when he went fell to the second round after the Alabama season, did that seem like the right range for you? Or did you think everybody was a Big mistake? No, you people called that like a terrible pick because you know, he is like big. Was he fast enough? There were people that really did, they thought He was too slow. I don dunno. Yeah. Which is weird. 'cause I think he did, I don't think it's 40 time was terrible. But yeah, like there were people that crushed that pick as a second round pick and round. I don't know. It's always weird though with the Alabama running bass. 'cause sometimes yeah. You know, you like they're just, they play with the best offensive line and yada yada yada. And That was a knock. Yeah. Right. Yeah. The whole thing. Vince Young, I'm sure the listeners will come up with a couple of Yeah, I know they're gonna kill us for missing an obvious one.


Well, you know, I was looking at one of those lists where they had the 50 best. Tony Dorsett was apparently one of the great high school running backs of all time. And then he was really good at Pittsburgh too in Pennsylvania. Yeah. So he might be another one. How long was this Co His Cowboys run was probably eight or nine years. Pretty great. Yeah. Yeah, right in there. Alright, thanks Soy. Who do you like in the title game While you here? Ohio State? Yeah. Oh wow. Right. What's the line in the Ohio State? It's like, is it a six now? What is it? Oh, I'm eight and a half. No, it's eight and a half. Yeah. So tease them with the Chiefs. You could tease it money. Like I, like I said, we're gonna sit down with your financial planner. Okay. All right. Can't be taken away. Thanks sir. Rudy. All right. Wanna, should we skip Parent Corner this week and talk California?


We could, yes. We should mention that as, as we're, we're recording this on a Sunday night and we got notice a couple hours ago that there's like a severe win thing coming on Tuesday. So it's hard to say where we're going next. But this was already the worst week since I've been in LA by far. Not even close. One of the biggest natural disasters in American history. And I can't wrap my head around it all of these days later. And you're over in, you're over in the Manhattan beach area. Yeah. I don't know how much you've dealt with some of the areas that were affected when we're talking Palisades and Malibu and Eaton Altino were the big four.


We knew, we knew a lot of people from friends of friends, people my kids went to school with who lived in different parts. And, and I, it's, I don't even know how to describe this to people who don't live in California, like the wide swath of devastation, the Palisades just basically being gone. Whole parts of Malibu just being gone, eaten Altadena. Like I I, it's one of those things when you see it, when you watch it on TV and it's happening in other areas, and it's like, man, that seems awful, but you don't really fully understand it until you live there. Yeah. And I don't, I know Ella come back, I know everybody bounces back eventually, but man, it's, it's really hard to even understand how the rebuilding is gonna happen and how long it's gonna take.


And you just see those wide overhead shots of these different areas and it's just like, it's, it's just so awful And it's just been an awful week and, And it just feels like it's not gonna get better. Yeah. And that's also part of it. Now I'm, so, I, I know this goes on in like Maui and other places and we should be thinking about that, but yeah, when it's in your backyard and like people are checking in with me, I'm like, I don't know. I'm I'm good for now. I'm all right for now. I have no idea. Yeah. And it, it, it depends on the wind. And somehow did, you know, they could predict wind for three days? I didn't even know they could do that. But so we know like there's bad shit ahead and we know a lot of people who got devastated And it, it's really rough. It really, I don't wanna bum everyone out, but it really is like, oh my God, you feel like you have so much control over your life and then, and then you don't, you really don't with like something stupid like this.


And we don't know how it's started and we don't know how it's gonna end. And, and that's, and we need football as a distraction And it, it, it's hardly ranks as important. But I mean, for God's sakes, I I I wish we could like talk about this as if it's going on in the past, but it's not. Yeah. It doesn't seem like it's over yet. We'll see. I mean, we've been here, I've been here since oh two and you've been here a few years before that. Yeah. And there's been wind events and it's been windy and I remember over and over again, especially like even taking my daughter to soccer tournaments And it would be like 35 degree, 35 mile an hour winds in Lancaster and stuff like that.


Right. For some reason these wind seemed a little, they were, they were pointing them out a couple days before, like, Hey, this is pretty scary this time around. And then everything that happened was so much worse than you ever, ever could imagined even heading through Tuesday, like it was starting the Palisades and then all of a sudden by mid early Tuesday night here, you really felt like this could go in a, in a direction. You just never could have been in your worst nightmare imagined. But first responders, fire department, police department, the helicopter pilots dropping the water, all the t all the TV people who were out there braving the elements.


I mean that Yeah. One of the things that was really inspiring was how many people were trying to get out there trying to tell us what was going on. Yeah. And for a lot of people watching TV not knowing if it was their neighborhood, their house, And it was, you're just relying on all these people, these Twitter accounts, like that LA scanner account. But, and it turned out to be just a 10 out of 10, the worst case scenario that we could have had. Yeah. I mean, yeah, like you said, even the reporters and these firestorms like that are going on like, you know, a hundred feet behind them, it's like, what, what is going on? And like I said, I I, I wish that the, the worst is behind us. But then, you know, we have a, a mutual friend that's a doctor at UCLA and he is like, yeah man, they have to evacuate this hospital if the, if the storm come, if the fires come within two and a half miles of this place and it's right now it's four.


I was like, are you kidding me? What the, what does that look like? Evacuating a whole giant hospital. Like that's, that's my God, that's gonna be something that's just even more outrageous and right up there with anything else. So yeah. Just, you know, plenty of GoFundMe's out there. Plenty of places to look to help. Plenty of, yeah. I'm gonna fucking scammers too that are assholes trying to take advantage of this, but just be careful and be diligent and, you know. Yeah. I'm gonna, I wanted to really kind of dive into it and see which ones I trusted and maybe on the next podcast could talk about some of the, some of the possibilities. I, you know, some of the stuff's gonna get rebuilt. Yeah. And I'm sure it's gonna take a while.


There's some other stuff that I don't know how they, how how stuff comes back. Houses that were, you know, from 19 40, 19 50 that you would never build the same way. And some, some pieces of California that just had real special character. Certainly one of the reasons I wanted to live here, be near the ocean and just some of the coolest parts of the country I'd ever seen. And, and then on top of it, just, I think losing your house and having no power over that and just knowing all the stuff that you kept and everything's gone. Like, I, I don't, there's very few worse feelings than that. So it's just so much pain and so much heartbreak out here. We try to do podcasts, we try to talk football and try to keep people's minds off it for an hour, but it's really, really horrible and I really hope we've hit the end of it and that it's not gonna get worse.


That'd be nice. Right. That'd be nice. After all this not too much task, Paul a and teases talk. Let's just get, let's get everyone safe. Well that's it. Best of luck to everybody out there. We're really sorry about everything that happened on one of the later podcasts that we do. Hopefully this week we'll try to have some, maybe even tomorrow when we come back tomorrow for that last game, maybe we could try to figure out a couple good things that we actually trust and a couple ways to get the word out to try to help people. I like that. I like that. I mean, it was just, I, it's crazy Your week started with one of the Bella twins twerking four feet from you. I mean, I think, I know that was Monday night. It feels like it was a hundred, that was a hundred ago.


Minus 65,000 to make Parent Corner and too many terrible things happen. So anyway. Well, we're really feeling for everybody out there and it's, it's just really heartbreaking. I really come to love LA too and you know, it's just, it's just hard to wrap your head around, especially places that you've been to a million times and now you think, well wait a second, what's, what's that gonna look like now? But hopefully we can all get through this and figure it out. Yep. Sal, I will, I will see you tomorrow night. Let's do it tomorrow. Good job by you Billy. Good job. Hey, thanks to Kyle and Sir Rudy and Geha for producing. You can watch this video on the Bill Simmons YouTube channel as well.


And we will see you on Monday night. Please everybody stay safe. Must be 21 plus in President select states for Kansas and affiliation with Kansas Star Casino or 18 plus in president dc. Gambling problem, call 100 gambler. Visit rg help.com. Call 1 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org/chat in Connecticut. Or visit md gambling help.org in Maryland. Hope is here. Visit gambling helpline ma.org or call 803 2 7 50 50 for twenty four seven. Support Massachusetts. Or call 1 8 7 7 8 Hope ny. Or text HOPE NY in New York.