
Coming up second pod of the weekend. Let's talk more Luca. Let's talk Super Bowl props. Next.


It's The Bill Simmons Podcast presented by a FanDuel Super Bowl 59 is here and you can bet on America's number one game of America's number one sports book. Any way you want Fun markets who have the most yards, tons of same game parlays, offensive titties of the next drive. So much more. It's the most fun thing about the Super Bowl for me, other than watching the game. I love the Super Bowl props. You can also check out their Super Bowl squares. Pick your own numbers and make your pick for a kick of destiny. Three between the Manning Brothers, I'm picking Peyton Manning every time because Eli Manning took two Super Bowls for me so he can screw off. When you win, you'll get paid instantly. Download the app today and bet the big game with FanDuel and official sports book partner of Super Bowl 59. The Ringer is committed to Responsible gaming. Please visit rg-help.com to learn more about the resources and help lines available. And listen end of this episode For additional details. Must be 21 plus in President select states game problem. Call 100 gambler or visit rg help.com.


This episode is brought to you by vrbo, private Vacation Rentals with vrbo. You always get the whole house so you and your fellow fans can cheer on your team in peace. What's worse than watching a game with somebody who's not rooting for the same team? You're rooting for nothing. But that's why if you book a vacation house with vrbo, you know all the people in your house, they'll be friends, they'll be family. Ideally, they'll be the ones who also root for my teams. Plan a winning vacation, make it a vrbo.


We're also brought you by The Ringer Podcast Network. If you missed it, Ryan slo, Rob Ho And I on Saturday night outta nowhere Luca do, Luca Dridge gets traded to the Lakers for Anthony Davis and other stuff. And we just hopped right on. We did a podcast. You can find it on YouTube on the Bill Simmons YouTube channel. You can find it on Spotify, wherever you get your podcast. So this is the second podcast of the week. We'll get to that in a second.


Don't forget, super Bowl 59 is happening. It's all happening on FanDuel too. You can opt in and bet on a player to score in anytime touchdown. If they score the first touchdown of the game, they win their anytime TD Bet end split 2.5 million in bonus bets with everyone else who used their token on that player. So if you use it on like AJ Brown scores first, touchdown the game. 10,000 people use their token on AJ Brown. Each customer gets, I don't know, $250 in bonus bets. That's how it would play out. If the player scores the last TD of the game, the customer wins there. Anytime TD bet and splits the 2.5 million in bonus bets with everyone else who use their token on that player, you are going to hear Cousin Sal And I talking about all of our favorite Super Bowl props. So we're gonna hit this one specifically as well. My favorite, anytime TD pick a whole bunch of other stuff that's Coming up in a second, be sure to check out FanDuel's Super Bowl, touchdown jackpot, and all The Ringer specials. Just look for it in the FanDuel Sportsbook app.


So remember, Sal And I come in later with our annual Super Bowl props. We did not expect that to be the second segment on this podcast. 'cause I'm bringing in Kurt Goldsberg. There's just some extra stuff since that trade happened last night. You know, we're reacting to that trade in real time now. It's Sunday afternoon pt and we've learned a lot. We've read a lot. We've heard a lot we've, we've talked to some people and we're gonna lay down a second set of thoughts. A day removed from the most shocking trade, I think in NBA history. So Kurt Goldsberry next, then Cousin Saud doing Super Bowl props first. Once again, our friends from Pearl Jam.


All right, Kirk Goldberg is here. We are taping this a little before six o'clock PT on Sunday night. I invited Kirk to talk about day two of the Luca Dridge Lakers trade because we've covered it last night. A whole bunch more to discuss more meat on the bone. But as we're pairing to the pod, of course there was another major trade that included a team Kirk used to work for the San Antonio Spurs Fox to the Spurs Levine to Sacramento with some picks. Chicago basically gets their 2025 pick back and takes some, some contracts. And the headline Kirk, is that San Antonio did not give up a lot for Deer Fox.


So why? They're in a different regime. I think they're in, they're officially now built in in try to win mode, which is sort of a big paradigm shift for the San Antonio Spurs that have been in rebuild mode. But now there's a try, try to win mode. I think this is the symbolic threshold of a team that's ready to compete. And okay, so why didn't they give up more picks to get Deere and Fox, who I had like number 20 on my trade value list because they didn't have to is the short answer. They gave up some draft capital obviously. I think those are some nice picks they gave up. But I expected maybe to see Devin Vail's name, maybe see Jeremy, Han's name I think. Yeah, you're right. The headline is that none of those guys as as we have right now are included in this deal.


So they kept Weby Fox, they added Vaal Castle who I think was a non-starter Sohan. Harrison Barnes, Kel Johnson, CP three, champ Penni. Yeah, pretty nice nine now CP three coming off the bench. Maybe you play him with Fox. We've seen CP three in OKC. He was playing with Schroder and with SGA, like he weirdly knows how to play with other small guards. If I'm a Spurs fan, I'm out of my mind that this was the trait because that's right, they gave up the 27 Spurs first. I don't care. I have Weby, I'm gonna be one of the best 10 teams in the league in 27. They gave up the 2031 Minnesota first, which hurts.


That might be a real pick. They got this, they gave up this 2025 Charlotte pick that is basically one through 14 protected and is gonna turn into two seconds. And Sacramento gets two first five seconds and they get Zach Levine, who I think we both really like this year. I actually think he's an asset. I love it. But again, I, they don't have a North star. The Sacramento Kings have been like this my whole life. I don't know what they're trying to do now. They've reunited the Great de Rosen Levine do. Well they, they reunited an eight seed for multiple years from the east, the east coast. Eight seed is back for vengeance this time. V has me feel feeling left out.


Come on guys, we could have gone 43 and 39 together. Why am I still in Chicago? Yeah, for me, the story here is in San Antonio. Bill I, the, the Spurs have a, a sort of a stop gap point guard and Chris Paul, who's been great, Harrison Barnes has been great. But this is a player in in in Fox that is a young, great offensive weapon that I think will pair very well with Victor Wema. This is a team that I think was gonna have a very high defensive ceiling just because of Victor for years to come. But the offense was the question mark. Yeah, this helps them address that. And now I think it's like we have Victor at the five, we have Fox at the one, let's let's surround two, three, and four with defense and shooting.


And I think there's a clear team building project in front of them that they, they they are thrilled to have. It's a pretty simple problem now as opposed to a bigger problem. Yeah. And they still have a bunch of picks. They have the 2, 3, 4 spots, a lot of length, some potential shooting, although they haven't been shooting the ball this year. But ultimately you're hoping there's gonna be some shooting and and they protected their nucleus and they still have another trade to make. Yeah, I still feel like the only, the only like, no way they're trading these guys on the Spurs would be weby now Fox and Castle and everyone else is still in play for me. And they have contracts they can put together. They're not gonna trade for Jimmy Butler, but if, you know, he was a little more enticing.


That's the type of trade. Maybe they could trade for Luca Duch if he fails his physical in the Lakers and it turns out he is 290 pounds. But, but this is an awesome trade for them. In my head, I, this was a four or five first and probably Sohan or Cel in it seemed like that was it. But I guess if you're the Spurs, you're like, look man, we're not giving up a lot for this dude. He wants to come here anyway. He's from Texas. We'll just get him in a year and a half so we can do this now and you'll get some stuff or we'll just wait. We're on no rush. We're not gonna win the title. One thing Eddie Johnson said on my pod on Thursday, I thought was a great basketball, ex basketball player Point was about Fox as a lefty with Weby as a righty versus Fox, as a fox as a lefty with a bonus as a lefty, which I thought was cool.


But I like the idea of Fox, you know, not great when players push their way out of a a, a team. But you know, he gave him a heads up, I'm not gonna resign here. He's been pretty clear about that for the whole season. He picks San Antonio, he picks this whole wimpy circus that will become a circus in a good way because you're attaching yourself to one of the, you know, generational superstars in the league. You fit in nicely with him Now you throw those LOBs at a righty as Eddie was pointing out. And it just feels like an incredible career move for Fox. It really does. It's like, wow. I I totally get what you're thinking here. Yeah, I I couldn't agree more. I mean obviously we had the big piece on Victor on The Ringer last week.


I won all, I went all in on this guy and then he had a great game in in Paris right after. So I felt good. But everybody around the league is seeing the same thing that we are Bill Dear Fox among them, this is a superstar in the, in The Ringer 100. He's gone from number 67 to number six in, in less than two years you had him as the number one trade value asset in the league. Do, do you agree with that? Of course. I mean, he is 21, he's a 25 point a game scorer and he is the best defender in the league. And he is, this is the worst Victor will ever see as his famous quote about himself. And he's not just the best defender in the league, he's decidedly the best defender in the league already.


He absolutely disrupts and devastates games with his defense and really fucks teams up already. There was a sequence in Paris at the end of the third quarter that I'd, I'd ask everybody to go watch at the first Pacers game in Paris where Victor blocked four shots in the, in a row. One was a goal tend, and then he made a three through a lob and caught a lob on the other end of the court. And that was just like, all right, that's, yeah, that's crazy. That's what Deer and Fox is seeing. That's what everybody else is seeing. This dude is only getting better. And I think the Spurs are really excited today to have another piece in place, another all-star level piece for the future to build an offense specifically Bill around a guy who, And I think this is your term, looks like a giraffe on ice a little bit sometimes.


Yeah. On offense, deer and Fox is gonna take care of some of that and they can grow together and is there a better, just a lob game than Fox and, and Weby? I love it. I don't know if Fox is on a, if this is gonna be like a Chicago Bulls run for Weby someday, or a Lakers run or you know, a Kobe Casall run or a 2000 tens Warriors run. I'm not sure. Fox to me seems more like a Clay, clay Thompson, Draymond Green level star. He's not like a true number two, he is not the Kobe to Shaq, something like that. It still feels like there's room for them to get one more awesome wing. And then that's the threesome Weby awesome wing Fox and they have two years to figure it out.


They're not gonna win the title this year, they're not gonna win the title next year, but they have the pieces to figure this out. And as we're seeing now, not just with Fox Weby is becoming a seductive spot in San Antonio for, if you're a player that wants to win, that wants to kind of be along for the ride for some titles and some playoff appearances and a place with no state tax, a really good organization, it becomes pretty enticing. So here's the small market model working well. Yeah, there, And I wrote this in the one piece, but there's like two guys under, you know, 26 in the, in The Ringer top one hundred's, top 10 rankings. Victor Wema is by far the youngest and the other one is Luca Doni, who is about to be 26.


Right? Yeah. So I mean, WEBY has, he's gonna be Don's age in 2029 I wrote, which is just crazy. Just think about how much time he has to get better and, and look, yeah, he is there, he's gonna be this great player. We, I, I don't wanna sort of belabor the point, but this is a deal that the Spurs, they don't, they don't make a lot of trades, they don't do this kind of thing right, historically. So this is a big deal for them and I'm sure they're, they're pretty happy with it. They didn't, like I said, I think the other headline is they didn't give up Castle. They didn't give up the sell that didn't give up Sohan.


Yeah. And they still have Atlanta's pick this year, which is, is looking really good. Well, by the way, how is that pick not in this trade because Jalen Johnson just goes out and that Atlanta pick is gonna be somewhere probably between nine and 14 in a really loaded draft. Maybe even better than that. Atlanta. I would've landed that one. Atlanta is is cratering right now. Unsurprisingly without Jalen. So yeah, I think they're in really good shape. And you know, nobody's, nobody's, nobody's truly surprised by that. But this is the kind of move that that that a pop organization hadn't typically made. This is a team that builds through the draft through savvy free agency signings doesn't usually go after a big trade piece like this.


So it's a big deal for the San Antonio Spurs. I'm just relieved that and, and we got some of it with Chris Paul this year. But you know, I am a big, if you have a big guy, you have to have a good or very good point guard that can take care of him. If I have a good eater in my house, I wanna have a good chef to cook for the, for if I have a hall of fame eat in my house, not not gonna go to the crappiest grocery store. I want real meals for my guy. Sacramento now has a team of Saboni, Levine de Malik Monk, Keegan Murray basically as the, I guess the crunch time five, I guess that means some monk playing, playing some point to Rosen having the ball.


This is just turning into a, let's just play our best five guys together. They don't really have another point guard. Maybe they'll try to get one, maybe they could try to flip an ascent into something. But it's just a weird team. And you mentioned earlier it's a directionless team. It's a team. When we worked at Grantland together 10 years ago, we got a lot of comedy out of, they took Stawski, what was that with the eighth pick? Yeah, STAs. And, and it was that video of Vivek going around the table like Stawski Stawski going around and we all got a kick outta that. They've just been a train wreck forever. Really? Since two thou, it's, it's been 20 years of this. Yeah. Then two years ago they get the, the two seed light, the beams happening.


They got a little something with Saboni and Fox together and it feels like they're on the right way. And this, this year they, they fire their coach, they bring in Doug Christie, they start winning a couple games. It's whoa, feeling good again. And then it again, Fox has that trade request and it craters everything again. They lost by 180 points to OKC yesterday and became clear something was gonna happen. I'd What would you tell a Kings fan? It's, it feels like the same old thing to me. Bill the West has been brutal since we've been covering basketball together. You're looking at teams like Memphis, Houston, Oklahoma City, San Antonio for the foreseeable future.


Not to mention the La Lakers. Lurs Edwards. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Not, it's just, okay, what are you trying to do to get past teams like that? So it, it's not a slight against the Kings, but it is, do you really think this is gonna beat the Grizzlies or the Rockets or, or the Thunder? I don't see that with the team built around DeMar Rose and, and Zach Levine and it, and it was a cool story when they were like, 'cause we've already seen it. That's right. Yeah. 23 goals because we have seen it. Saboni playing with those guys is a fun wrinkle.


I mean the Ray kind of sophisticated offensive coach could probably have fun with this team. I'm not sure Doug Christie's our guy for that. And if I'm a Sacramento fan, I'm just bummed, I'm bummed that we didn't get the Atlanta pick. I'm bummed I didn't get at least three first. I'm bummed I didn't at least get, I don't know, Sohan back. Yeah, something could we have turned Keegan Murray into Decel, you know, makes the Spurs. They just didn't get any of it. And then from the Chicago side, you know, this is the, the, this is the Reinsdorf middle, that's what they call it. Can we be between 36 and 44 wins every year?


Can we have the illusion of hope? I think in their case, like that team's not a contender. I wanted to see Bedus play more. I actually like him. Yeah, you like him. They had to carve out some, some minutes for him. They got their first round pick back. I would assume the next move is Cevi. Yeah. Being traded somewhere. Maybe they move Josh Giddy. I don't know. But it would seem like this is a move toward, let's now finish in the bottom 10 in the league and try to get another good pick, right? Yeah. And I think they reclaimed their own pick, which is great. So they can be there. But yeah, Vukovich has some value on the market. I know teams like Phoenix or Golden State have been looking for shooting bigs and he, he, he matches that description.


This guy, yeah. Is one of the best jump shooting bigs defensively. He leaves a lot to be desired. But I think he's, he's a good player And I wouldn't be surprised to see, you know, by the end of this week that he's, he's playing in a different uniform. But yeah. So when you say a lot to be desired, you mean because he doesn't play defense? I think his nickname was layup line, if I'm not mistaken. But I, I might be, I I might be mistaken on that. You're being kind, I like, I like how you are cutting guys down sometimes in the like nicest possible way. He leaves a little be desired. Like is he a guy you could maybe score 70 points against the, the ranking? Yes he is.


Anyway, Chicago now we can add them to the whole, to the, to the capture the flag sweepstakes try to get in there. Last thing I'll say and then we can move on to the Luca trade. 'cause I'm really, I really have other stuff I wanna say about Luca and everything that happened. This interesting moment for Darren Fox. We see these guys call their shot, right? These guys that push them push their way to another team. They're usually about half a level higher than Darren Fox or they have some sort of playoff pedigree like in Jimmy Butler's case in this case he doesn't have it. I think he's a player we've all thought was really talented.


He's about to hit his late twenties. We've seen him in the playoffs. You know, he didn't, he didn't leap out in any great way. There's not some, it's not like some Anthony Davis that one year in the playoffs when he just laid ways to the Blazers. He doesn't have any of that. And I think we all think he's really good. But now this spotlight is completely different. You're playing in Sacramento, you're buried, you're just another team in the west with all these famous players and teams. Now you're playing with the most famous international player that this league's gonna have. It's a different level of scrutiny and everything. Yeah. And it should be symbiotic. These guys should make each other better. D Fox's strengths should play into Victor Wema strengths and vice versa.


Yeah. The dude is, you know, lightning. He's one of the faster players with the ball in his hand in the league. Do you think the Spurs wanna play like that? I think when you have him you have to, are they gonna wanna push and run and go? Is Webi gonna wanna do that? I mean the first pass you look for Victor, when Bama gets a defensive rebound now that first pass is okay, can he get Fox at Midco on this? Yeah. Sort of Bill Walton style outlet pass or you know, right. This Kevin Love over yet. So I think you, when you have Randy Moss, you throw the ball deep And I think you, when you, when you get this, this is not Chris Paul, right? Like they've been playing with Chris Paul, he's slowing everything down. Yeah. 'cause he is old. Yeah, in a good way. But for him, but you know, so I think they will play fast And I think, you know, Victor at the five is one of the more, you know, agile five men in the league.


So I think they will, you'll see that pace number creep up in San Antonio. You have, you have a bunch of young guys now. So I think they will play to his strengths and he should get some easy buckets. You know, Wendy Block and he's a CrunchTime guy for them too would be the other piece. Crunch time. Yeah, for sure. The shooting has always been his, his his challenge. But like if you look at his free throw number, which is what US nerds look at, it's great. He shoots 80% from the free throw line. Yeah, that should be a 40% three point shooter. It just hasn't been there. I'd love to see him as he goes into sort of his late twenties become a 37, 38, 40% three point shooter.


He hasn't done that yet. Right. And that's the thing that could take him over the top and make this a, a triumph for the Spurs. But he has, he has a lot of potential here. And, and, and you're right, it's a la it's a laser focus for him. Crunch time Fox Castle, VA maybe Sohan Weby. It's a pretty good defensive team. It's not gonna make a lot of threes. They're gonna be some bad shots. But defensively that's a pretty interesting team and you'd probably, I guess target Fox and go after 'em and try to put 'em in pick and rolls. But other than that, those are all guys that I think would be in pretty good shape.


Anyway. Interesting trade. Anytime you can get San Antonio, Sacramento and the mediocre bulls together for a three teamer. You just thank your lucky stars. We're gonna take a break. We're gonna come back and we're gonna talk about Luca.


Day two, The FanDuel kick. A Destiny is back and this time it's every manning for himself. This Super Bowl. Two legends taking the field. It's a sudden death field goal showdown Peyton versus Eli live from New Orleans. One kick to claim ultimate family bragging rights bigger than the Super Bowl honestly. Who will rise to the moment? Pick your winner now in the FanDuel happen. If you back the right brother, you are in a share of $10 million in bonus bets the FanDuel. Kick a Destiny. Three, make your free pick. Don't forget to tune in to watch the show down live during the Super Bowl 59 pregame show in Fox at 3:00 PM Eastern made the best manning win FanDuel official partner of Super Bowl 59. You must be 21 plus and President Select states are 18 plus and President DC no purchase necessary bonus issued as now. Bonus pets that expires seven days seat restrictions apply void. Were prohibited seat terms at sportsbook. Do FanDuel dot com game a pro call 100 gambler or visit rg help.com.


This episode is brought to you by LinkedIn. In basketball, a blockbuster trade can make or break your playoff run before the deadline. GMs across the leagues scour for the right data and insights, hope and their moves pay off February 6th trade deadline this year by the way, just like in basketball, growing your small business in 2025 all comes down to how well you can build your team. That starts with better insights from LinkedIn with unique skills and interests to the connections you have in common. LinkedIn has the strongest hiring data and insights to help you identify the right professionals so you can make the best hiring decisions. LinkedIn pairs you with the high quality candidates you need to make your business grow and flourish. LinkedIn also lets you go beyond candidates who are actively applying in a given week. 171 million LinkedIn members aren't actively seeking jobs, but they are open to new opportunities Who isn't? That's a big pool of people you don't wanna miss out on. And who knows, one of them could be your next all star player. So hire smarter in the new year. Find your next grade. Hire on LinkedIn. Post your job for free at LinkedIn dot com slash simmons. Once again LinkedIn dot com slash Simmons to post your job for free terms and conditions apply.


All right, Kurt Goldsberry, you're sitting home on a Saturday night, Luka Duch is being traded to the Lakers. What's your immediate reaction like everybody else? This is hacked. It's embarrassing for shams. I can't believe that the, the hacker didn't come up with a realistic trade, right? This if the, if only the hacker had come up with a realistic trade, this would've been a masterpiece. Yeah. Put res in it, put res in the 2031 first in a swap and then I might think this happened. Literally. That's my reaction. I think it says it all that everybody I know legitimately thought this was a hack and now are like digging into David Stern style conspiracy theories, trying to rationalize it afterwards.


So those are the two points. When it happened, this guy got hacked after it happened. This is a conspiracy theory. What, what, what explains this in reality? Shocked. I mean count me among the people Bill. This is the biggest craziest NBA trade of my life. Yeah, this is crazy. I don't, I don't even think I was saying it last night to Silla Mahoney just we're reacting in the moment And I had some time to sit with it. I'm like this is definitely the craziest NBA trade. I, there's never been anything like this. There's never been an inkling. I'm gonna walk you through I I came up with the six levels of yes massive NBA trades and I'm using mostly the 21st century trades as a litmus test.


'cause I was really trying to figure out has there been a crazier trade than this level one big deal. But we definitely had an inkling. So that's like Iversson to Denver, Carmella to the Knicks, Chris Paul to the Clippers, even Kevin Love to the Cavs. Big deal. But we knew we had a feeling and it wasn't like massive and we weren't gonna be telling our grandkids where we heard the news, Kyrie to the Boston, et cetera, et cetera. Level two big deal immediately one side and then stupid. So it's a trade. You maybe add an inkling but then you see and you're like, wait, what? That's all they got. So that's like Vince Carter of the jersey tmac to the rockets. Joe Johnson, the hawks hearted to Houston's a great one for this. Go bear to the T Wolves.


They're like, wait, what? What happened? Yeah that's level two. Level three is the big deal outta nowhere that you feel like something tilted. That's Jason Kidd for Stefan Marbury in 2001. He's like whoa, those guys might be the two best point guards in the league. They just traded him for each other gal to the Lakers, Darren Williams to Utah where he had a feeling wasn't going great there and then all of a sudden they're trading him for Derrick favors and two firsts And it was like, whoa. But then we move into this next level, level four, the mega deal. But we knew something was coming. So that's like Shaq to Miami. That's kg to the Celtics. That's Anthony Davis to the Lakers, right?


Hard and to the Nets Durant to the suns. We had a feeling we knew but it was still like holy shit, that's a monster trade. Then you go to level five, the mega deal outta nowhere. This is where it gets pretty rare. That's Paul George to the Clippers. We know Kauai's picking back and forth between Lakers clippers the whole week. We don't see the Paul George piece. Now all of a sudden they're on the same team. They're trading shade Jill just Alexander Danil G four first two swaps and another protected pick. And we're just like, what happened? And I think that was the biggest shock and trade at least this century until we get to level six last night, what the fuck just happened?


Did the reporter get hacked? It's never happened before. This is the first, did the reporter get hacked Mega trade. So you go backwards to the seventies, eighties like Will to the Lakers Cream. To the Lakers. They every time we had a feeling maybe somebody that a guy was available but you talked to a bunch of NBA teams. Had you heard Luca was available? It was even conceivable. Hell no. Okay. Hell no. I talked to people who were involved with this deal. I had no idea this was possible. And I think you had 'em fourth in the trade value. Yeah. Generally when anybody's, I would like to do a historical analysis of what's the highest person on that list that's ever been moved.


Like well so a good way to, somebody sent this to me that Bob McAdoo is the only real comparison we can ever do who was around the same age range. He'd won the MVP twice all NBA guy. And it's the only one that's even in the ballpark of, from a talent resume standpoint already. But in that case they were trying to save money and they basically sold them to the Knicks. What about Kareem outta Milwaukee? Like that reminds me of this too. It's like yeah Moses Malone. But that, but those like we knew those guys were getting traded. Those guys were like trading me or I'm gonna do freely. Moses Malone signed with Philly and they had to then come up with a deal. So that's like the caliber of dudes. Davis is another one in 2019 with the Lakers.


We knew that though, right? But not like this where the guy didn't know he was getting traded. This has never happened. Yeah. Nobody knew that this dude was on the market. Which to me is the legacy of this deal. And it, it actually helps explain it now 24 hours later to me is that the Dallas Mavericks valued Anthony Davis as much as Luca Donit say what? Say what you want about that assessment. But that is the only justification or rationalization that explains how we got here right now Bill. Because they only called one team, which you and Ricc and Mahoney did a great job of calling out that part of this.


They really were zeroed in on getting Anthony Davis to their team. And I disagree with that assessment. I think most people around the NBA wildly disagree with the assessment. But that is the only explanation of how we got here today. That the, the Nico Harrison looked at Anthony Davis and says, I want that as much as I want Luca Duch. Yeah. And people I've talked to reading stuff, hearing stuff, it really seems like this starts in the finals last year when Boston kicks their ass and Luca's defense is a problem And I think kid was just like, we we're never gonna win the title unless this guy takes a little more seriously on the other end and gets into better shape.


Right? That's so that's something they're talking about internally all the time. Comes into this season still not an awesome shape. Gets hurt, gets hurt again. And you have Poka and Nico Harrison who had this whole crazy long relationship together. Like these were two, two of the guys that Kobe was the closest to. So they've known each other like from the height of the Kobe era and they just start talking and the reporting all said, they started talking in the beginning of January and they've been talking ever since. And I think it's a masterful job by Poka to convince Nico not to shop him. Now if you're gonna be fair to Nico, they're gonna trade Luca.


They know what they wanted. They wanted a big guy. There's no other big guy that they could have traded him for, right? So if you're gonna make calls, you're calling Milwaukee for Giannis and you're calling Boston for Tatum. So when people talk about how do you not shop 'em around, they feel like, like Nico said in the press conference, Whether you agree with it or not, they felt like they have a team that has a chance to win the title. They wanted to add somebody who could help them win the title this year. So that rules out basically everyone in the league and brings you to Tatum and Giannis. And they didn't call Boston, they didn't call Milwaukee. Now if they called Milwaukee and said do you have any interest in trading for Giannis and Milwaukee or do you have any interest in trading Giannis? And Milwaukee said, I mean the only way we'd ever even consider doing that is if Luca was on the table and then Nico goes, well hold on, what are you thinking?


And then, then you kind of stumble into it. Yeah, but they didn't make the calls. It's staggering. That remains and will always be the staggering part of this transaction. And And I think when the dust settles, that's the biggest question that Nico Harrison's gonna have to answer to for years is sure you reach the conclusion internally, again, I'm not justifying this, but they reached the conclusion internally that we do not want to pay this person $350 million. We don't think his calf is gonna hold up. We don't think his body's gonna hold up. We don't think his nutrition is good. Whatever. They reached the conclusion that they're out. That's part one. And and Nico said we felt like we were heading toward a tumultuous summer that we couldn't avoid.


So we were trying to get out of this now, which leads me to believe they, maybe they were split internally and paying them or the ownership is involved. And I had one executive explain it to me like this, the why is pretty clear they didn't want to be in the business of Luca Doni long term. Yeah. They think he's more like Joel Embiid than the rest of us. They think that this is a big long-term risk and they don't want that Joel Embiid albatross contract hanging over their cap table for the next whatever, five, six years. That's, but you reach that point And I think Ryan did a great job with this too. Okay, now what is the process? The how is the problem?


We can disagree with the why but the how they executed this is the problem. You have a generational trade asset. You have to canvas the league, you have to cast a wide net. You have to get two or three parties negotiating against each other to get the best deal. Yeah. You're trading Herschel Walker, dude, you gotta get the dynasty coming back to Dallas. You gotta get all those offensive linemen, all those Vikings picks for those of us of a certain age. And they didn't do that. Dude. That's gonna be the thing he has to answer to for the next few years. I was talking to my wife about it last night after we did the podcast and she was just like, I don't understand why they traded Luca, wasn't he in the finals?


Like she knows nothing, she doesn't care. And I was like, yeah, they just, you know, they just felt like, I guess they didn't wanna pay him. I didn't, I still dunno anything. And she, and she goes, well did they, did they try to trade 'em to other teams? Was that the best trade? And I was like, no, they just had one team. And she's like, that's weird, right? Like she, she was just like trying, I was trying to explain it to her like she was like a little kid in in elementary school. I was like, yeah, usually, usually when you're shopping a guy you tell the other teams. And then one of the funniest things I got this morning was one of of my friends, it was like Dallas is the team in your fantasy league that they just trade and you fucking lose your mind. And everyone's on email threads arguing about it 'cause they can't believe he wasn't chopped.


And that's basically what Dallas did here. A couple kickers though with this. That makes me wonder if maybe the general public has completely overrated the talent in this trade or were, or these two teams are just insane. Dallas put in a second round pick. So we're sitting there going, how is Max Christie in this trade instead of Austin Reeves? How is their 2031 first not in there? Why wasn't there like three years of swaps? And as Silla made the joke last night, which was great about Poka like holding firm on the 31 pick like it like the deal was gonna go away. It was even crazier than that.


He is like, not am I holding firm, gimme a second round pick. And he got it. So that's how bad the Mavs A wanted to get rid of Luca I guess, and B wanted Anthony Davis. Yeah. And there's a week-long process. One of my sources inside the Lakers was indicating that the deal was bigger. And I think you guys were literally joking about this last night that there were two firsts and there was Dalton Connect and the deal got whittled down because I think Rob Poka was able to convince the Dallas Mavericks that Luca is a lot of risk. Yeah. And you guys are right for trying to look at this, this way because this guy oh is drinking or is whatever his weight problem, whatever it is.


So they were able to convince it. This was a weeks' long process. That's another thing that came out today, right? Is this wasn't, this was a, and and Dallas started almost three and a half weeks. Dallas started it. Dude this is, this fell in Rob Pokas lap and then he was able to reduce the outward Lakers assets to such dude Mikel Bridges commanded five first round picks. Well so the thing with Poka he is, I've just been marveling at, he is like a, it's like a character out of an succession or something. He is over and over again figured out how to blame whoever was coaching the Lakers for whatever was wrong with them over any of his moves, right?


The Westbrook trade. Like you could point all these different things at Poko, but he always survives and then he somehow Jedi mind tricks Nico Harrison with this Davis thing and talks to him for three weeks, convinces him not to shop 'em anywhere else. No, no. If you're gonna trade Luca, like it has to be for Davis, who else in the league would it be? You have to get an all defensive center back like you, you're gonna shop 'em like Milwaukee. Luca's not gonna go to Milwaukee. Like Milwaukee's not gonna trade Giannis for him because Luca's never gonna sign there. They know that Boston loves Tatum. They're not turning Tatum into Luca. They love Tatum. That's their guy. Like, yeah. So now it's like bam out bio, like you can't trade Luca for BA out of Iowa. It's gotta be Anthony Davis. So he's just like, like kind of tilting it so that Nico's like, yeah, you're right.


I guess you guys are the only suitor and it worked. The other thing is they think this team is gonna win. They think that the Kyrie Clay Thompson, Anthony Davis Trio is a big three. They think that, well that's stupid. They don't, they can't think that they think they're gonna win otherwise they wouldn't have done it. But I think the only way, again that you can explain why they would only call the Lakers is they wanted Anthony Davis, they started off this process, Hey we think we can get Anthony Davis and Nico has this preexisting relationship with Anthony Davis and Jason Kidd has this preexisting relationship with Anthony Davis in the Lakers. And again, I don't agree with these things, but I like everybody spent the whole day trying to understand how this could have gone and how they only called one organization.


And it's almost like they want a tough, they want a tough defensive team, right? So they're thinking we can run our offense through Kyrie and ad, we have a bunch of shooters and tough defenders and we could actually hang in the west in a real way if those two guys are healthy. I don't, they might, they might not necessarily be wrong, but it doesn't mean they should trade Luka Dacha. I think they're gonna be pretty good this year. I'm not gonna say this is a disaster. No, they're gonna have real size with the two centers and Davis, they have wings that can play D Yeah, they have Kyrie who's a CrunchTime guy. This is a pretty big offensive burden for him. But I can see how you talk to yourself into this except for the part that you're giving up a generational talent who's having one of the, the first seven years of his career, there's only four other guys in the history of the league.


Wilt LeBron, who are the other two? Wilt? LeBron Kareem Magic. No, there's one other one. But anyway that are on this. Oh, Oscar Robertson that have the first seven years that Luca had in the history of the league we're talking almost 80 years. Yeah. Stephan Curry hasn't made first team all NBA as much as Luca has. It's crazy. Stephan Curry took him three years to even become Stephan Curry. Right? Luca Immediately. And he made Western finals in the finals. So I, I'm gonna run through a couple things I'm gonna throw at you. Just from, from reading, listening, talking to people, one of a couple of the narratives that didn't pass the sniff test for me are just things that I, I didn't hit yesterday that I want to, the first one, the ad and LeBron and Clutch being blindsided by this trade, having no idea that it was in the works.


Finding out like we all did after the fact, as you know, I'm a, I'm a conspiracy guy, I am a sniff test guy. Just does not pass the sniff test for me for this reason. Buried in all of this stuff was Anthony Davis waived his trade kicker to go to Dallas. Yep. And he did it pretty quickly. So you have Anthony Davis blindsided by the trade, who loves Los Angeles, who's in his little clutch triangle with LeBron and Rich Paul and out of nowhere gets traded to Dallas and he's so upset about it that he decides to forego $5.9 million and wave his trade kicker money he's entitled to.


And he is like, I'm good. Yeah, yeah. Forget it. I wanna help you guys out with the luxury. It just doesn't pass the sniff test for me. LeBron James, same thing. LeBron you would think he took, would take this. So personally, you trade my guy, this is my hand pointed sidekick, you gotta trade me now, eh, quietly today. It's like, nah, he is gonna be here after the trade deadline. And then clutch, same thing. Shams has a relationship with Clutch. SHAS gets the scoop. I just think they knew before the trade And I, I I wouldn't bet my life on it, but that would be my bet. Yeah. I think the idea that this traveled in silence the whole time. It's absurd. It's a lot, it's absurd now that we know it's been since January 7th.


It's absurd. That's right. That's what I learned today too, is that this was a month long process and the idea that, that this was as quiet it, it is hard to believe particularly the way that Clutch and LeBron have inserted themselves into Lakers basketball operations. And And I agree with you that the idea that that Anthony was so quick to wave that thing ums big deal. It seems kind of fired up to go to Dallas, which bra like this is why I wanted to do a second day pod. Yeah. Raises a bunch of questions for me. It's like, you seem pretty pumped about this. You're, you're not sticking them with the trade kicker and you seem like you like where you're going and you have this long relationship with Nico Harrison and you're getting away from the Lakers and maybe you feel like you're selling high in your Laker experience.


You won a title LeBron's 40 years old. Eh, new challenge Dallas, maybe I'll be the guy there in Texas. Just seems like if he, if he was pissed about it, you're making them pay the 5.9 and he didn't. Yeah, that's a great point. It's also a big compliment. I think one y all said this last night that he is the piece for Luca Duch And I think that's almost flattering to a point, right? That they had to thrown a second round pick from Dallas' side just to get this done. And there's some intel that, that Anthony was not in love with playing in Los Angeles the way they were playing basketball. I think it all comes together that he might have been, he might not have been as as satisfied there as, as he was letting on.


And then if LeBron was truly blindsided by this just from his, let's say some passive aggressive behavior over the years from him with roster moves and lack of moves and he just seems pretty fine with the events at least so far. It's six 30 now on a Sunday night. We haven't seen him really like leak anything, say anything and just seems okay because he's smart because he gets to play Luca Donit and now there's a scenario where, hey Luca, let me teach you some diet stuff. Hey Luca, right? This is called a Versa climber. What do you think of this thing? Hey Luca, I see you're weighing about 2 65 right now. Do you realize if you're weigh two 50, this, this, this, this, and this'll happen.


Hey Luca, here's why you keep hurting your calf. You're not doing, like Luca basically inherits the greatest personal trainer in the history of the league. Yeah. LeBron doesn't get hurt. Ever tried red wine instead of these, right. You know, check pilsners that you've been crushing over the last 10 years, right? Yeah. I think that's, this is the scary thing of the traits. Me, this is what my dad said today. He is like, I don't want Luca and the Lakers for a million reasons, but what if he figures it out? What if he's in better shape? What happens then? Well, dude, and he is, And I think a lot of us feel this way. This is, they poked the bear and that's not a fat guy jump. Yeah. They, I meant say yesterday the fu potential. Now we have a huge FU potential bill.


Huge. This guy, he talks like, when I first got into Luca, when he would run his mouth against dudes like Pat Beverly and stuff. Yeah. And he was a kid and he would just give it right back and sometimes more than he was getting. And I was like, this guy is a competitor. And now I, yeah, you guys did say this yesterday, but it's true. They poured a bunch of gas on this dude's fire. And if he, if he's able to channel it the way that I think, and a lot of Mavs fans think right now, look out dude, because you're right, he can come in and like LeBron 2012 mode, you know, after that Mav series, right? And just be like, all right, I'm, I'm here and I'm mad And I can't wait for February 25th to play the Dallas Mavericks in Dallas.


I'm gonna get in the crazy shape of my life. I remember for page two in 2004 when Shaq got traded, I wrote a column called The Vengeance Scale And I ranked the vengeance scale from zero to a hundred. 'cause I thought like I was like Shaq, at least for the next couple years is gonna get in shape and dedicate his life to trying to win a title and stick this up to Laker's ass. And he eventually did, Wade got Hurt in oh five. He did in oh six. Dude, I think Luca the competitive, he's both like crazy competitive but also frustratingly competitive because if he was that competitive he would be in better shape. But I think he's competitive enough that when somebody trades you, you're just gonna be pissed when you're playing for the Lakers in LA and this incredible franchise and you getting, you know, bathed in love from all you see the 77 jerseys, all that stuff.


It has a chance to really ignite 'em. And that would be the thing if, I mean, I, I feel so bad for the Mavs fans. I've talked to a couple of them today. Like they're just so devastated. They just can't believe this. And if I'm Mav Avon, the worst part of this trade is what happens if we lose in round two and Luca just goes on a heater for the next like eight years and we're like, we fucking lost Jalen Brunson and Luca dci And I was on a thread with some Red Sox fans. We were arguing about the Mookie Bets trade versus the Luca trade. And Luca I think is a more important asset 'cause it, it's, so there's four unt tradable NBA guys every year and baseball. There's 25 guys on a team. But Mki was our Luca basically. Yeah. And he, we'd actually won a title with him and he really was a unique, amazing top five, top a player.


And we got, we didn't get Anthony Davis firm, I'll just tell you that we got, we got Connor Wong and Jeter Downs and Alex Ford Dego and we got rid of David Price's contract. That was a trade. And it made me not like baseball. Like I, I don't really watch the Red Sox in the same way anymore. So for the Mavs fans, like I know some Mavs fans like Jason Gallagher who we used to work with. Like he's, he's talking about like, his son is like, I'm following Luca to the Lakers. Like he's like a Lifelog Maps fan. It's like now I am a Laker fan that this is like that whole fucked up side of this is crazy. No, it's totally true. Like so many fans, like when MB Mbae goes from PSG to Al Madrid, they're just like, I'm going to Al Madrid.


I, I'm a Al Madrid fan now. I guess this is a generational talent. Who is going to bring fans like Jason Gallagher's son with him? That's not gonna be a unique story. And that message, poor Gallagher. Poor Kher, poor Gallagher, sorry. But yeah dude that me, I went to the Mav subreddit today and it was like Sons of Sam Horn in October, 2003. It was so bad, dude. Shit. They were go, they were gonna the arena with like props. Somebody brought a coffin in. Like they were, they were having like a protest. Somebody brought a coff to stick goodbye to the bed. Like of just, just visceral pain dude.


Well there and there's also some incredible conspiracy stuff already. I mean God only knows what's true. Half true, 10% true. But people thinking that, what are, what are your favorite conspiracy Bill figures? No, my favorite, I, I love this one that the owners have always wanted the Vegas team and they're, their eventual goal is to basically flip franchises, move Dallas to Vegas so they can have their old casino thing. The expansion team that was gonna go in Vegas would be the Dallas team. They'd pay whatever. And the first way to do this was to be basically the torpedo, the Mavericks franchise relationship with their fans by trading Luca donates. And it's like, I have no notes. That's one of the best conspiracy theories I've ever heard.


And I'm in Texas right now. One more layer to that one is like gambling in Texas may or may not happen. Right? Probably not happening. So yeah, like this family may, for those who don't know, this family made its money in Vegas. Like Yeah they're a casino family. Yeah. So that's a good one. There's definitely some other ones about just trying to get ratings up and the Lakers back. But yeah, there's a lot of conspiracy bill stuff. How we help the Lakers. That's what my dad said. My, I mean the father of conspiracy bill, conspiracy Bill Sr. Was like, this just feels like the Lakers were about to die. And they had to put another star in their team because my dad was like, how does this team keep pulling this off?


Like all the Celtic fans were just getting pissed about this today. 'cause this is the team we hate the most. It's just like this team just steps in shit and they're born on third base in the ultimate way. They fuck up the entire 2000 tens, the entire 2000 tens. Right. Even like they take Lonzo ball over Tatum, like you can point to a million things and it all leads to LeBron being like, yeah, you know what? I really wanna live in LA. And they just miraculously lay on LeBron, right? Then they have this clutch alliance where like we're putting Anthony Davis on the Lakers, nobody else trade for him. The Celtics are like, here are all these picks and we'll trade you Jalen Brown. They're like, Nope, he's gotta go to the Lakers. So now they get Davis and LeBron together and then they get six years outta Davis and turn him into Luka Doni the best generational offensive prospect slash star slash heading into his prime guy since LeBron.


And they got, yeah, and you guys did a little of this yesterday, but they got Shaq and they got P gal, they got exactly when they needed them and like yeah, what we said in San Antonio is like, there's three team, there's three ways to build an NBA team, the the trade free agency and, and, and draft and the Lakers really have access to all three of those levers in a way that no other team does. Specifically trades and free agency. And this is just another example of that. And the Spurs or the Grizzlies or the Thunder will never get a trade for somebody like Luka doGet or a free agency play like that. So they do start on third base. That's exactly right. And this is the updated version of them getting Kareem Abdul-Jabbar 50 years ago.


Right. This, it is just wild. But it, it is kind of cool in that sense as an NBA historian, it's not cool. I hear that, that it falls in line with this. But as Celtics fans not, not exactly thrilled with that historic like parallel I guess. Yeah. You could do an all time nine man rotation of NBA 75 guys that they've traded for, signed in for hc, wilt Kareem Shaq and Kobe. 'cause they traded for Kobe, Sal, Dwight, LeBron Ad Luca, those guys are all top 75 guys that they acquired. Yeah. And their NBA team and say who's the best, who's the best player your team's ever traded for? Right. And it's like the for, for our, like the Celtics would be Robert Parrish and kg. Yeah.


I think would be the two best. And that's in 80 years. Unless you count the Bill Russell trade. 'cause they flip draft picks. But Yeah. But you talk about it's really rare like the the box or the the even the Sixers or the magic, he just, they, these kinds of players don't don't just show up on your doorstep. Yeah. And then the flip side for the Mavs, this is, I mentioned the Mookie bets trade. This is Edmonton trading Gretzky in 1988. Right. Which we did at 30 for 30. That was actually the first 30 for 30 ever. But Gretzky had already won titles for them. The whole point is Luca had not won the title for them yet. He had the promise of Oh my God we have this guy for the next 20 years. Then you have the other weird piece Kirk, about the Lakers who were playing well they still have to do the trade, but the irony of them doing the trade right now was they had just started to look like a contender and they had an identity and they were big and physical and they'd figured out some of the spacing.


Christie and Finney Smith were both playing well at wings. So they finally had competent wings they could put out there. So that was part of the trade last night was the timing of it was like, I just watched this team and they look really good and now they just made the most shocking trade in the history of the league. So a defense of the Luca trade from Dallas' side. I just wanna do this as a thought exercise. If you're trying to zag what's the defense? If you're like, you know what, Nico Harrison has figured this out and he's gonna fucking show you okay that this trade was really smart. What's the defense? The defense is that that Luka Dridge is the next Joe Lbi.


He is a person whose body isn't gonna hold up to these crazy pace and space games that happen 82 times a year plus playoffs. Like Luke had played a hundred games last year. He's repeatedly strained his calf. We think there's an Achilles tear risk here. We think there's a weight, we think the lower body's gonna go or the back's gonna go and we're gonna be on the hook for for that Joe LMB equivalent. And we don't want to do it. And this is the last trade deadline opportunity. We have to turn him into something. I don't take that stance, but that's the case. And I think that's what they saw. Moreover, I thought specifically they wanted Anthony Davis And I think they think they're a better team with Anthony Davis than with Luka Don.


That's the only case. All right. I'll add to the defense Anthony Davis anchor to finals team in 2020 that won it all. Defense wins championships. No defense stars don't win. Titles go find me one, seen a lot of no defense superstars take teams to round three, maybe even round four, but they don't win. How do we know he was signing here in 2026? We don't know. Gotta get out early. The way to do this is to do it now and we feel like we can get a lot of value And then AD was the only guy we wanted. Luca was never gonna Milwaukee. Boston would done Tatum. BA's not good enough. Katie's too old Edwards makes no sense for either side.


Jalen Brunson. No. So where, where are we shopping him to? We're gonna trade him for a bunch of picks. Like we didn't wanna do that. We feel like our team's good. I think that's the defense and it's moronic. It's, yeah. We'll see. I mean I will leave a sliver, a sliver of hope for the Mavs fans that they could be hoisting up Larry O'Brien in the next year or two. I don't think that's gonna happen. But let's show. They're so mad. They'd probably boo the finals trophy ceremony. Fucking throwing their Luka Dantes jerseys at, fuck you. It's almost like Ohio State football. Like they won the national title and they're still pissed off that they lost that Michigan game.


Michigan, right. We won but we're still mad. Yeah, like they could literally boo the the, the parade. But yeah, I don't see it. I think they really believe that Anthony Davis And I think this is Nico Harrison believing that Anthony Davis can anchor a top defense in the NBA and that with Kyrie and Clay and their role players Clay come that they can, they can compete for a title. That's the defense. They, they still need one more trade. I think they need a little somebody a little more heat checky who can create their own shot and they still have time to do it 'cause they have well you know from Dallas Who Jimmy Butler.


Is he from Dallas or Houston? Where's that from? I forget. Well Sir Rudy just texted us that the Warriors Jimmy Butler trade talks have finally ended because the Warriors did not wanna commit to an extension. And Jimmy Butler said, this is who reported this Er Rudy. It was Wendy. Oh, Wendy reported. Yeah. So there you go. Yeah, I was thinking about the one thing we didn't talk about yesterday 'cause we were so dumb dumbfounded by the trade. Are there moves for the Lakers this year to become an interesting playoff team? Because I'm positive I'd if LeBron is playing like he did last night and he can just stay somewhat healthy and fresh for a couple rounds, that's not a team I wanna see in round one or round two.


Then Luca with him and you just have these two freaky physical six foot eight, six foot nine guys who don't really have a position who can, who both have crazy hoops IQs. And then if you can put the right team around them, which they're interesting closer to having. Yeah. Except they don't have any rent protection at all. And could they go get Nick Claxton was a rumor today. Could they take a flyer on Robert Williams? Could they get Clint Capella? Would the Hawks wanna trade a Congo for, for the 2031 pick? Which put Austin Reeves on the table. What could you, you get REVE for him? Austin Reeve. Yeah, Austin Reeves is expendable now.


I mean why do you need Austin Reeves? Do you have Luka Don but you need him House And I were talking about this today. You need him as your six man injury protection from one of those two guys. Somebody who's 25 minutes a game. You always have two. You know, obviously the other two guys are way better offensively, but you always have two really good creators and Res is turning into a pretty good creator. Yeah, he's great at all times. So could you, could you turn like Gabe Vincent 2031 something else into like Nick Claxton Claxton and Time Lord are the names that keep Coming up And I would guess that one of them will be on the Lakers. I would guess that they need a five.


Obviously they need a five. They don't have it. You're not sold on Jackson Hayes. Christian Christian Wood. Yeah, I'm a professor at the University of Texas and Jackson is one of our, one of our guys. Yeah. So I'm a big Jackson Hayes guy. But no, I want, I want a five man. And my question for you Bill is like, do you believe that this Lakers team thinks they're gonna compete for a title now this year in the next five months? Here's the thing, they should think that way. And I didn't think they had a chance to win four straight rounds with the team they had because it was putting too much, LeBron looked good against the Knicks. Like he was awesome against the Knicks. To ask somebody to do that for 10 straight weeks to me at age 40 is not realistic.


But now they have a guy who can, we've already seen him single handedly beat teams in a series who's now gonna be pissed off trying to shove it up somebody's ass. So if I'm the Lakers, I feel like I could win the win three rounds. Now I feel like I we're going against KC and it's like we have LeBron and Luca and you guys are small and we're gonna just try to bully ball you and you can, you know, do whatever. But you we're still gonna be a bitch to play. I can't believe I'm saying this, but like they have the six best eye. They were 21 to one last night, now they're 18 to one. So people are betting them, which not surprising, but if they get, if they get a rim protector and they can play LeBron and Luca with some sort of shooting point guard Finney Smith and the rim protector at crunch time with Reeves coming off the bench and some other pieces like I wouldn't wanna see 'em in a series, that's where I'm at.


But it, it hinges on that rim protector. 'cause right now they're just not built for a playoff run without rebounding and re protection. And maybe some, well they, they have the miracle of palka keeping res and the 2031 pick. So they, I mean they go get that and that almost could be part of the trade, right? Yeah. And every call I'm sure you had today that I had today is like, oh yeah, they might trade LeBron to Golden State too, which I don't think will happen but came up so many times today that we have to trust It came up last night too. Yeah, it's, I think he stays, it's a better career move And I think he likes la right? You get traded, your son has to come with you. That's weird.


Going to Golden State. What what ultimately are gonna happen, you get to play with Curry, it's an older team. You have a better chance of winning the title with the team you have now. Right. If he's all about titles and like, and, and an unbelievable out of nowhere title run, which still dubious, but you go through all these teams and all right, they're playing Houston in round one. Are you going against Luca pissed off with LeBron as his sidekick, right? Against like Fred Van Fleet? Like what are we doing? Yeah and there's still the buyout market too, right? And these guys just became the biggest magnet and that market is always irregular and unreliable. Don't, don't get me started.


But every once in a while there is a, a valuable piece on the buyout market and they will get really attractive potential buyout pieces looking at their, their team. So I think they have two moves left. You know, this is a big four day period for the Lakers front office. They're gonna look at sending out that pick, they're gonna look at sending out Austin Reeves, maybe even Rui Hashimo to try to turn it into something at the five especially. But around these two generational Playmakers, two generational playmakers and two guys who do don't shrink in the playoffs.


Yeah. So I think they are gonna try to go, but they are, I think they're gonna do a little bit cautious I'd, I'd be, I'd be surprised if the pick went, I'll say that. I think they're gonna try to do it with personnel. Well they're gonna be in a situation where they're gonna have to sign Luca this summer and LeBron's gonna opt into his deal. So they basically have one chance to align all the money because they're gonna get crushed next year no matter what happens. But they're the Lakers and they shouldn't care because all of a sudden they have this meal ticket of LeBron was about to end with the season tickets, the sweets, everything else. Right? You had the Equippers in their new arena, which is awesome. They Lakers playing in a shitty staples center and now it's like, now it's now here's come see Luca Don.


And it's a guy that, you know, there's always been a weird thing with LeBron and the Laker fans. 'cause it's right after Kobe and there's this whole Kobe contingent and Luca had this awesome early relationship with Kobe And I, I could just see them being all in on adopting him. And also he won't be the first guy to move to California and immediately lose 20 pounds and look awesome and be tan and get in shape. It's happened many times. Dude, this is what happens when you come out here. Perfect place for him. Who's he gonna be dating? He TMZs getting ready. But yeah, in all seriousness, that 77 jersey in purple and gold, how long till we start seeing the tweets, the, the number one selling jersey in the NBA? It's, it's already done. Like it's a, it's a, again, this is a team that just finds money and this is just an updated version of that born on third face team.


It's frustrating as hell. The thing with the Lakers though, they do have really good fans, I gotta hand it to 'em and they have an expectation. It's annoying. Yeah. That it's always gonna somehow work out. Right. Even if they're in the 2000 tens, they kept ending up with these picks and it was a mess. And Kobe's last two years weren't great and it was always like, we're the Lakers, this is gonna work out. The Celtics used to have that in the eighties and nineties. It was like, well now it'll work out. And then all of a sudden it didn't work out forever. And I was always like, well just wait with this Lakers thing when LeBron leaves just wait and now they end up Luka Douch. Yeah. And he'll probably be pissed off. Yeah. 'cause it felt like they were heading towards a a, an era where they were gonna have a 34-year-old Anthony Davis as their just breaking down point.


Yeah. Yeah. It felt like Austin Reeves and, and Max Christie and now they're gonna have a 27-year-old Luca Duch just angry at, at the world. And, and hopefully, you know, they're able to extend him. And I do wanna say that, and one of the sort of main points here is like there's no guarantee he's gonna sign that extension in Los Angeles. Yeah. What if Miami's like batting their eyelashes at him? What if San Antonio, like, what if Oklahoma City, like there, there are, there are teams that are going to let him know that they really want him to play there. Oh, come on. The NBA doesn't allowed to do that. Kirk teams aren't allowed to talk to players from other teams. That doesn't happen.


Oh God. But it, it's like, so I think that what, that's something I haven't heard talked about enough is there is a chance that he will not want to be there. I think it's a small chance. I think he's now at the New York Yankees. Yeah. And he is sort of that arod character who is gonna settle into that sort of prestigious dude. People don't leave the Lakers. They, once you're here and you're on the Lakers and they're spending money and you're, you're in the sunshine. You don't guys have not left the Lakers. Great players. They stay. It's what happens. All right. Let ask I for sports guy, this I, he stays, let me ask you this. Yeah. Where does, how far do the Lakers go this year?


I feel like I'm gonna throw it right now. There are five seed, they are tied with Denver and losses for the four seeds and they're only three back from Memphis. I think they have to get in the top half of that top four. Right. So they can have at least one home series. I'm just, I'm all in on Luca. I completely believe in him as a terrifying offensive force. And I think he needed a kick in the ass like this. Yeah. I'm all in on him. Like I, I feel like they could make the finals. I don't think it's crazy. We watched him do it last year and he owns Oklahoma City. That's right. That's what I was just gonna say.


That's the one team they have to beat and he plays great against them. And even this year he had a good game against them. But you know, and then you take a team like Denver, how do you beat a team like Denver with two really gifted offensive players, you know? And then there's the LeBron piece too. This is like an amazing out of nowhere, you know, life raft for a chance to get another title and rewrite some of his shit. And dude, I think his odometer benefits from this, I think off ball LeBron Oh yeah. Is he lasts a little bit longer. He is a little more durable than on ball LeBron. And, And I think just him setting screens is a crazy concept.


Like he right them running pick and rolls, right? Yeah. He's the new Carl Malone. He's just, he just becomes Carl Malone for them and he's, well that was the thing last night in the Knicks game, physically he was so impactful compared to everyone on the Knicks. It just didn't feel like they had a big enough athlete to handle him. And LeBron hasn't felt like that in a while. It really feels like, and maybe he knew that Luca trade was coming and that's why he was playing with a little, little pep in a step. But I just think those guys are gonna be really hard to play. There's a flip side of this where those two are a disaster on defense. You can't play the two of them with Reeves together, JJ, who is now realizing the weight of holy shit, I took this Lakers job and now we have Luka ic, he's like, his hair's fucking falling out by April.


They aren't able to get the right rim protector. Like I would say it's 65, 35 for me, that they could actually be an incredibly dangerous playoff team versus, but I was, I was surprised with the people I talked to today. Like people kind of weren't seeing the immediate title picture. I think Luca, as long as he's healthy, he has to be, it's like Yoic. It's like when Denver looked like shit in the start of the season and we were all worried about them. It's like well they still have yoic. Like I'm not counting them out yet. Yeah. I mean Oklahoma City gets my respect. They deserve it. Me too. Beyond that Houston, who I adore Memphis, I love, I just think they're both too young. Really.


And if you're telling me I've Luca and LeBron against either of those two teams Hmm. There's a case for those Lakers to just, to to, to get 'em with wisdom. Well I would say the Clippers from a defensive roster standpoint are actually built the best to kind of battle this team. Which means maybe we'll finally get the Clippers Lakers series we've been waiting for forever. But yeah, I just think in a series it's gonna be really hard to match baskets with them if Luca's Right. And I don't know why he wouldn't be Right. He was averaging 28 a game by the way. I know he is having like his worst statistical year. But yeah, this is an amazing time. Well, by the, by the way we put it, we put it on wax your season tickets for the Clippers.


We put it on wax like three weeks ago that we was like, let's not forget the Los Angeles clippers. Then Kauai comes back and they've looked like the best team in the NBA at times. Wow. Until today. What happened today? They lost. Oh, yesterday. No they didn't they lose to Toronto? Oh yeah, that's right. They lost to Toronto. That was, but yeah, like over the last two months, or I should say January, just look it up. Like their indicators scream. This is, we're we're good. And their defense has been good all year. And as we said that last time, no power today for them though. Yeah. Yeah. Clippers versus Lakers. We could see it. Amazing trade.


Congrats to the Spurs for getting Fox as well. I don't know, we, we have four days until the trade deadline Kirk, I don't know what else to expect. We dunno where Jimmy Butler's going. There's still what other, what other things should we be watching Jimmy Butler? I think the Nets, the Nets have a for sale sign up in the front yard. I think both Claxton and Cam Johnson are on the move. If I had to guess Miami, God only knows what they're up to. Are Memphis and Houston gonna feel like they should do something, which is would be great for the Lakers if they didn't Cech. Is Cleveland gonna tinker with anything at all? Cevi is another one. Can the Suns get off Norco's deal with a pick and try to try to get a better rent protector?


And then Jeremy Grant, I think is one to watch in Portland if Portland can find, to take her for Jeremy Grant. And can Milwaukee figure out anything would be my other question is are they just stuck with the team? They have my other Sure. There's more, there's classic Bill Simmons trope that was relevant. This crazy weekend is new owner syndrome, which by the way, when the Bucks changed owners, that's when this Lillard thing happened and the Drew Holiday thing. Yeah. This is like, the owners remain the most underrated characters in pro sports sagas. And, and this is another example, would Mark Cuban have done this deal?


So I was texting somebody about that today saying, Cuban's gotta be this consulate, right? Because first of all, he trades the Mavs as the Fran or sells the Mavs as the franchisors are going up. He's seems like he had a feeling like he might be involved. He's not. And then Luca, this is handpicked, like if they win the title, he gets to take credit for that forever. Now they trade him. I remember one of the, we we did a ground feature with Mark in 2013 or 14 on, you know, at that time he was like symbolic of this new era of bad boy tech owner guy. Yeah. And we talked about how the Mavs were a laughing stock before him, you know, And I notice respect to Mark McGuire, Orlando Blockman.


But yeah, they were never a great franchise. And then he gets them to the finals two or three times and it sure looks like this new ownership group is, is taken things in a different direction. So yeah, he's gotta be just so destroyed. Kurt Goldsberg, great to see you. Looking forward to your next piece and we'll see you in, we'll see you in Austin in a few weeks. Yeah, that's right. Can't wait for that big live show coming. Hell yeah. Good to see you. Thank you. Thank you brother.


This episode is brought to you by Peloton. Life's always changing one season, you're trying to break personal records and the next, you're just looking for a solid routine. Peloton is here for all of it with workouts that flex to fit your schedule, whatever it looks like. You've got options from four weeks strength programs to running, cycling and everything in between. Pelotons got the tools to adapt to whatever goal you're chasing in this season of your life. And here's the real kicker with Pelotons All Access membership. You can work out wherever you need to at home on the bike tread or row or even on the go with the app. Take your favorite classes with you to the gym on the road, wherever. So whatever you're aiming for that 5:00 AM Club or squeezing in a late night session, Peloton is ready. Whenever you are, find your push, find your power with peloton@onepeloton.com.


This episode is brought to you by Rocket Money. You sign up for something, forget about after the trial period ends, then you're charged month after month after month. The subscriptions are there but you're not using them. In fact, I just learned that 85% of people have at least one paid subscription going unused each month. Thanks to Rocket Money. You can see all your subscriptions in one place, cancel the ones you're not using anymore. Now you're saving money. Rocket Money is a personal finance app that helps find and cancel your unwanted subscriptions. You have so many of these monitors your spending and helps lower your bills so you can grow your savings. See all of your subscriptions in one place. Know exactly where your money is going. For ones you don't want anymore. Rocket Money can help you cancel them. Rocket Money. Over five million users, they've saved a total of 500 million in canceled subscriptions. Saving members up to $740 a year. And using all the app's premium features, cancel your unwanted subscriptions, reach your financial goals faster with Rocket Money. Go to Rocket Money dot com slash bill today. That's Rocket Money dot com slash bill.


Alright, we're taping this on a Sunday afternoon, Sal, you hate this. It's Super Bowl week. It's supposed to be all NFL and then the NBA holes come flying in with the most shocking trade in NBA history. And now we Now you gotta like take a side, take a seat on the side. I know a seat on the side. That disgusting. Disgusting that this is the most important sports podcast you're gonna do all year. And how many minutes of NB whole NBA wholeness did you before? I know it's a double pod this weekend. Yeah, I know. Yeah, but you put the Luas stuff before me, didn't you? I know you did. Yeah, you did. You're like the second guest son of a bitch. I don't, yeah, but we're still going, we're still doing our thing. It's just I know. You know, Luca, congratulations got traded.


Listen, you're, you're, you're league is back. You could go back to 17 minute quarters and a hundred games in the radio season's season. Sounds good. Yeah, that's true. We kept 12 minute quarters. We're good there. Yeah, that's what happened. Silver's like, Hey man, we gotta, we're we're thinking of change in the size of the court and the and how much time is in each quarter. Can we just do something to make Boston, New York and LA great over the next three years? Come on. Dallas, can you step up here? Yeah. What we, we put Luca and LeBron on the same team. Well anyone compare, complain about the ratings again. Let's, the good news is though, I I will say your trade machine and trade thoughts, which I thought a lot of times with nonsense, like when week seven when we had to do 10 minutes on Giannis to the Nets. And I was like, okay, good. But now people should listen to you because nothing is too ludicrous.


There's not one trade that could be too crazy to to, to pass muster here. It really is true. Like the, the now at this point, the only person I would refuse to believe got traded is Weby. Yeah. I think everyone else in the league you could talk me into a trade in, in, in a ridiculous scenario involving any player. Super Bowl chiefs Eagles. We've had a week to either think about it or not think about it. There are a ton of props. Fando has amazing pages and pages of great stuff. Great links. We're gonna have Ringer specials on there later. Ringer Sunday. Pregame is gonna have some stuff like, we're, we're good? Do you have a feel for the Super Bowl yet? And has it affected your Super Bowl props the things that you think will happen in the game?


Are you steering that way already? Yes, I think so. I think you And I, I'll give our official picks who's gonna win towards the end of the week? I did notice that I don't need two weeks. I, I don't let, let's get to the part where I'm depressed already. Like I don't have to be depressed about being depressed. Right. So I I don't like this extra week in between. It makes me analysis leads to paralysis. It was like a lot of ways to determine how old we are. Like, oh babe Ruth won the home run title closer to when we were born than today. You know? And that sucks. And is that true? You and I'll send something. Oh yeah. Is that true? Three's three's company premiered 48 years ago. It all sucks. But I was thinking today, I was like, we at most have 30 more Super Bowls left if we're lucky, like I take care of myself.


You don't, you know, you, you're going to start doing cocaine. Six I'm and that's a problem. I'm, I'm nuts. Yeah, but there's gonna be a thousand more Super Bowls and we're only gonna see 30. That's disgusting to me. That really made me feel sick. So join in in that. I think about that all the time. How when, when I'm finally dead, how mad I'm gonna be. Not just that I'm dead, but I'm not gonna know what's gonna happen for the next Yeah. 25 Super Bowls NBA It's like, oh shit. Can comment. Yeah. I am, my lean is close game. I have two lean so far And Im, I'm still debating where to go with the game and probably we'll decide on Tuesday, but it feels like the line is off and it feels like it's gonna be a close game.


Those are my two liens. I actually think the Eagles should be favored. The Morris, I stare at this And I don't know what the Mahomes tax is at this point, but it feels like it's a field goal, right. At least. But can you, can you say both those things? Like I know most people like Raheem has a model and most people have models, might even have the Eagles by three at this point. And so, but can you also say, but I think it's gonna be a close game because if you're gonna lean Model and Eagles and you think it's gonna be a close game, how dare you go against Mahomes in a close game, right? Then the chief should win the fourth game of a close game. Yeah, I guess more like, I don't think it's gonna be a blowout. Like I don't think either of these teams is blowing out the other team. Yeah. Could one of them win by 10 points? 12 short, but it feels like it's gonna be a relatively close game.


No blowout. And I just think the Eagles should be favored by like two and a half on a neutral field. Yeah. They have maybe more good players all over the place. They have an easier way to win than the Chiefs do. And you go back and you look at as great as the Chiefs were, the fact that they were 17 and two thrown week 18. They're basically 17 and one you throw every week. 18. Right. But it just was harder for them week to week than when you watch this Eagles team just seems to be really cr I mean the Eagles have won 15 of the last 16. Yes. Pretty easily. So you're taking the Eagles. That's okay. That's fine. I'm leaning toward the Eagles And I I I'm just afraid to go against Mahomes.


Which is why the line is where the line is. That's why Well, it's the whole point of this line as nobody wants to bet against the Chiefs. I wouldn't look into the line too. But by the way, I'm gonna pretend to get texts from NFL GMs during this pod. I felt that was very effective with Silla last night with the N NBA guy. It's a great wrinkle for him. Yeah. Alright. But he's like, oh, the Memphis gm. But I would disregard the line because I do have facts here in the first 58 Super Bowls only seven times as a favorite one and not covered. It happened with the Rams Bengals most recently. Right? It happened twice in the last 17 years. So take KC minus one and a half or take Philly money line, you're, you'll probably be okay. Right? Depending on Yeah. That's a playoff manifesto. Staples, especially at this time, you're, you're just betting who you think's gonna win.


Don't worry about the line. Yeah. So that's what I'll say about that. But I think you're right. It might be off, but I also think it doesn't matter because of that fact I just laid Well it matters for teasers and stuff. Yeah. So you can get Philly above seven pretty tasty. All right. So every year, and we've been doing this forever. I I actually researched this. We were the first people, the first two people ever to like Super Bowl props. Yo, you researched it really in the media. Yeah, we were the first ones. I don't think a lot of people really good. Nobody ever talked about Super Bowl props. That's true. We felt like we were really going on a limb. We did a pod and like maybe the 2007 Super Bowl and we floated some props and everybody in the world was like, what are these, what are these guys talking about?


No. All these years later it's a cottage industry. Yeah. I don't feel like we get the credit. There'd never been a Super Bowl prop before we did a podcast. I love it. I we wielded it into, just as we know they Right. They actually didn't even exist like first touchdown. What, what are these guys talking about? Nah, we started, we started everything. You couldn't find it. You couldn't even bet it. So eventually we forced the books to actually come up with these. Yeah, that's actually not true obviously. And the first time we watched the Super Bowl together, when it was the first day Jimmy Kimmel was doing a show and we were in charge of monitoring the Tampa Bay Oakland game Right. And Coming up with jokes and we were in a van and you had this whole printout sheet of Super Bowl props that was like 58 pages and we're just going through and there would be silence.


You'd be like, Hey Simmons, what about Rich Gannon over under completions? And that was just the whole ride. So we've loved this forever. That was a great find when you could find, you had a sort through the internet wasn't what it is now. And if you could find a PDF where you could print all the props Right. And it would just, it'd send your printer into a tizzy. You know, it'd be like 25 pages. But Yeah. 'cause it'd be the, all the H TM L would be off. It would be like the the margins would be too small. Yeah. You, you'd have like these little crazy beautiful mind notes on each page. Now we just go to Fandel and there's all these hyperlinks come a long way. Bely separated. It's great. Let's, can we start with MVP? Yeah because there's a couple. Mahomes is plus one 10 Barclays plus two 80 Hertz is plus three 70.


And the most interesting one was the field versus Mahomes is minus one 50. Hmm. And we always look at this and we always like it and but if you think, if you think Casey's not gonna win, this feels like a fun MVP back. 'cause you basically get everybody else. Yeah, that's true. I dunno if you could parlay it with other stuff. I didn't look at it that way. That is good. And I, I was thinking though, so we have to get in their heads, right, is there Mahomes fatigue if the Chiefs win for MVP? Like he didn't have a great game against Philly. No, it was against Philly. No, the last game. So he, he stayed under 200 yards but had three touchdowns and they had to give it to him. Right. Yeah. So I'm trying to think, write a script for how Mahomes doesn't get MVP if the Chiefs win, is it, Kelsey announces Thursday that he's gonna retire after this game and he gets two touchdowns or say worthy like eight for one 20.


Yeah. There's that like Julian Edelman type of game that's sitting there. There's like the big Kelsey game. I don't know if any they, the way they use their running backs, I don't see how either running back would be in it. Right. Yeah. So you're looking at a crazy worthy game. A crazy Kelsey game or Mahomes if Casey wins, the funny thing is plus one 10 is nice. You talk about how like long, how, how we've come such a far way. However you say that we, you could live bet the MVP, right. And remember like Caius Tony was like a punchline. Now he had like a big game. He had a big punt return, right. And a touchdown like oh man. But Mahomes was still favored. I remember looking at that. Yeah. Like, you know, so there's something to look at that I think be choosing between Barkley and Hertz is really tough.


If you're taking the Eagles, I, I might just rather take the Eagles. I did look at defensive MVP as plus 1500. Yeah. Once the game gets to the forties, you're kind of cook. But nine out of 57 defensive players have won. And so that's like one outta six or one outta seven and you're getting 15 to one. It's not bad. The problem with, the problem with taking the field versus Mahomes, I guess you get everyone on the chiefs too with that minus one 50. So it's a parlay of the Eagle side, which you could just bet straight up for plus one 10. But then you're covered on every other non Mahomes thing. Right. But I think the best value is Barkley at plus two 80.


Because I think if they win, I think he's gonna be the best player in the game would be my my assumption. Like he gashes them a couple times. He's been the best part of the playoffs. It's a narrative that makes sense to me. And I thought the odds were pretty good. What would ha, what would the Hertz game have to be for MVP? So he throwing two touchdowns, probably one deep one. He's probably 20 for 27 for 2 55. He probably has one long run of like a 40 yard run. Maybe he's like seven for 52 running and he's just, it's something like that. Right? I think you're right. But plus it's Barclay's birthday, you know, on the Super Bowl. So I don't know how much that factors in. Yeah. Turns 28, is that what it's, and plus if it's plus two 80 and he turns 28, am I wrong to say he is 28?


That's, yeah, that's pretty good numbers. But I think you're right. I don't know if Hertz getting the touchdowns on the tush push if he gets like three of those and puts up good yards if that's gonna put him over the top. But it's, it's been Barkley's year. I think that's, that's probably the case for Barley. Yeah. Plus two 80 is still good. If it's close to three, the Barclay bets that jumped out. I, so I've never monitored this but there was a 25 plus rushing yards each quarter for plus seven 50. Yeah. That I've never bet on And I have no idea if that's a good bet or not. It seems terrible. Two touchdowns is plus two 80. Right. So you'd have to, you'd probably have to break one of those then maybe get one around five or six thought the odds were pretty good.


There was one where him and Kareem Hunt 200 plus Rush yards is three to one. So you figured he, if he got over like 1 30, 1 40, if he thought Hunt was gonna be in the fifties, sixties, that could get there. Three to one's nice. But I think the one I like the most is 169 plus rushing yards, which would be a new record is five to one. So you just bet on that. And basically the bet is, I bet that Saquon Barkley will break the record 1 69 boom. Five to one. That's pretty good. Yeah, I was looking at, you said barley two plus touchdowns is plus two 70. So that's the same.


No, that two eight No it's, it's plus two 80. Yeah. So that's the same odds as his MVP. Right. Right. So just take that instead. That's interesting. I think I might wanna take that instead. I don't think there's a a, a game where he's that. So you like that one the most? Do you have any other barley, Betsy? Yeah. Well it's funny you said that actually this one was just texting me from Les Sne of the Rams gm. He said Kelsey, Kelsey 25 or more receiving yards in each half is, is a good number there. So that, that happened already this year. And if that, what's the odds on that? It's like plus, plus two 20 or something. Oh man. Oh alright. Yeah. Yeah. So it's 307 yards over the last three Super Bowls.


So I, I kind of like that and I'd already hit against the Texans this year, so, okay. Yeah. So I had the Barkley one, the Hurtz stuff. There's an Anytime TD for him for minus one 15 and that's just one tush push. Right. If it's first in goal from the two third in goal from the one I, I gotta say I was surprised that was the line every week. I thought that was gonna be like minus one 40. It just, it's almost like surprising if he doesn't get one. That one jump out out to you. Yeah, we go crazy about it on The Ringer pregame show And I don't know if there's like a million props so they'll throw in one you could win on automatically there, but it's so easy there.


It's minus one 10 or Right, right in there. He 10 of the last 13 games he scored a touchdown. So why that should that be almost even odds? And they have a play designed for it. So it's almost suspicious. Here's another one that goes along with it. Shortest touchdown under minus one under one and a half yards. Remember I we used to love this one. Right. Oh wow. We bet that a bunch of times. Yeah. Yeah. So now V is a little high, it's minus 1 72. But we loved it before the tush push and now it's like, you know, it, it was twi he, he did it twice last matchup twice. First San Francisco, first time four of the five in the Super Bowl, seven of the last nine Super Bowls have seen shortest touchdown under one and a half yards.


What are the, it's what, what are the odds on that? It's minus 1 72. It's not great. So you might just wanna take Hertz for the touchdown minus one 10 but for seven of the last nine Super Bowls it didn't hit last year. So that's why I like it. Especially now. I really like that. So Fando has, they have that that anytime touchdown that like either first one or last one of the game, right? That they're putting a pretty big thing on that you could get in if it's an anytime TD bet and it ends up being the first touchdown in the game, you end up in this bonus bets pool. If it's the last touchdown of the game. Same thing. And I think Kurtz was my favorite anytime touchdown bet. I I bet that goes up.


I think that's gonna be like minus 1 35 by game time. Two other things with him, longest run was 11 and a half yards. And it feels like every game they have that one run where it's like the, yeah the the delayed QB draw and he is running to the right or the left and he just goes for like 30 yards. Right. And I can't believe that wouldn't happen in this game once. So 11 and a half I really liked and then longest pass of the game for him. 32 and a half yards. So, and this ties into some a, some AJ Brown stats too, but when you look at the Chiefs, so they gave up in against Buffalo, they gave up a 34 yarder, a 24 yarder and 23 yarder against Houston.


They gave up a 34 yarder, a 24 yarder and 24 yarder. So they do give up big plays when you watch. Yeah. Where it's like that bend but don't break. But you can get the, you can bust one on them. So I was thinking I like that one too. The the just longest 1 33 yard pass to somebody. AJ Brown, Devonta Smith, maybe it's got, okay that's maybe Barkley on a wheel route. Yeah. Don't you think they'll bust one? Yeah, I like that a lot. I I mean I love spa's defense but it does, you know, it takes a minute to settle in sometimes. Yeah. And I think you could break a tackle or something in there. That's a good one. What'd you feel about passing yards? There's two, there's two. 10.5 is the over under for Hertz you could go 175 plus passing yards for him is minus three 10.


I I think they're too goofy. I almost feel like the total pass yards is a stay away for him. 'cause we've seen games where they just run the ball all the time. We've also seen games where they varied out. I I don't, it doesn't make sense to me. Yeah. So I think you have to like script it out in your head. Right. Because for a lot of these last games he was winning with 154 yards passing. Right? Yeah. And then last week he kind of surprised us. He's like throwing on third and sixth like what are you doing? You have a fourth and one play that never fails. Why are you throwing on third and sixth? Right. And he would complete it. Devonta Smith and and AJ Brown. They had big games. So what do you feel, do you feel like they're gonna play Catchup if you feel like they're gonna have to play Catchup at some point or that hey it's a Super Bowl just scoring just gets outta hand.


Yeah. Then I think you go over. But otherwise if you're a pro Barkley on everything. I mean his three plus touchdowns hurts. It's 36 to one Barkley's three plus touchdowns is 15 to one. So can have fun with those too. So out of those barley hertz, what's your favorite one? I think I like the Rush yard record for plus five to one on barley. Just for the hell of it. I like your two touchdowns And I like the anytime TD in the longest pass. Longest run for Hertz. Feel like those are, I feel like you at least split those. Yeah. I also like Saquon or Hertz to have two or more touchdowns at plus one 70. I was like banging my head against the desk trying to figure out which of these two is gonna get two or more. And then Fandel has a spot for it where either they have like an either or guy thing, Saquon or Hertz two plus touchdowns plus one 70.


You're almost definitely gonna, oh wow. That's, that's, those are way better odds than the barley plus two 80. Yeah. You're gonna get, yeah like that one you're gonna be won away at halftime. Right. You're just gonna need some luck to push it over the top. Too bad you can't hedge that AJ Brown. I didn't really have any stuff I like for him. Some of the, some of the stuff isn't out yet that usually comes Wednesday, Thursday, like the completion bets and things like that. Right. But AJ Brown just seems hit or miss to me. I'm staying away. Yeah. Any other Eagles bets that you're fired up about? I like Devonte Smith. I think they, they have for Eagles not, not too much. Like 70 plus for him is plus 2 0 5 80 pluses plus three 20. So if you got that long play in there and you think it's gonna be him, we haven't done chiefs yet.


Right. You're going in order of the Yeah. Okay. Yeah so that's really it for, And I also kicker prop here, Elliot over seven and a half, like you think to yourself, oh this team's always going on fourth and one. They don't have, you know they're not gonna kick, he is gone seven straight P games where he is got had seven and a half or more points. Mm. And he had nine in the Super Bowl. So the tush push doesn't really factor into like their scoring chances with Jake Elliot. So what are the ads on the seven and a half? It's just even odds. Yeah. Minus one 10. Yeah. Yeah. 'cause one of the ones, one of the bets that's not out yet is the Miss field goal thing for him. He Right. Always feels like he, he has one some point some Mahomes bets that jumped out to me over 29 and a half rush yards.


Just too many times with his legs. Like if you look at the biggest games he's played the the, the completions or I'm sorry the Carries are more exciting to me. Five and a half carries. 'cause you get that 29 and a half rush yards. Yep. You have the potential of the nails knocking gonna back. Yep. The carries are the carries. That's minus one 40. So there's some cheese and Neils help you with the carries. Yeah. This year he was 11 for 43 against Buffalo. He was seven for 14 against Houston including the three nails at the end in 20 23 9 for 66 against San Fran, six for 15 against Baltimore and six for 19 against Buffalo. So the last five times he's had six or more. And then if you look at the Super Bowls, the other Super Bowls, the Philly won six for 44, the Tampa one five for 33 San Francisco nine for 29.


So the only time he didn't get five and a half out of you know, eight of the biggest games in his career in all the Super Bowls is that one Tampa game when he had five and that's six. Right. So to me over carries minus one 40, I'm putting the juice on, I'm doing it. I like that a lot. Yeah. He infamously went under in yards when he had that eclipse right against San Francisco and the Super Bowl when he started taking Neils. I like much like you do at Hertz, I like over 11 and a half longest rush from Mahomes. He's hit this in four of his last five games averaging 13 for a longest over that stretch. So yeah, I mean that I think that's how you play Mahome. Do both of them.


Yeah, I'd be a little nervous about the actual yardage bet. So the other one, if you wanna do a yardage bet, I would recommend the 40 plus rush yards from Mahomes. That's plus 180. Hmm. And again 43 against Buffalo. 66 against San Francisco. 44 against Philly. So he's done it a few times. You're basically getting two to one odds. But I think he's gonna need to do it in this game 'cause Philly's the way they're gonna probably play defense in him. They have those four guys, they play everybody else back, they fake blitz, they do all these different things. But if you're just rushing those four, he can just slide out and over and over again find these pockets. Yeah, I like that. So I like him with his legs in this game and he is healthy too.


We know he is healthy, he's healthy. He is also, there's a, there's a stat for him or a bet for him under one and under two and a half sacks that he takes, he's hit this in four of his last five, you know. Yeah. It's, I mean he knows when to take off. He is just the smartest there is. So yeah, Mahomes under two and a half sacks. That's a good one because if, if he is over two and a half sacks, Casey's probably not winning. Right. So Kareem Hunt is somebody that really fascinates me. Anytime touchdown for him is plus 1 35. He scored in the last four games. Two touchdowns for him is plus nine 50. And the reason I mention it's 'cause Mahomes, they don't run sneaks with him. So unless Mahome scores from like the four yard line or the seven like when it's around the goal line they go with running backs.


His 50 plus yards is plus one 15 for rushing 70 plus yards is plus three 20 most rushing yards in a game if you like KC is is seven to one for Hunt. But I, you know, I was looking back at the Houston game and then especially the Buffalo game, he was 17 for 64 in that Buffalo game and they threw to him once Pacheco was five for 12. I think the Eagles are big pachecos like a little guy. I actually think Hunt's gonna be the guy for them in this game And I feel like it's gravitating toward them anyway or for that anyway when the bigger the moment it is, it just seems like they like having hunt out there. So I kind of like all the hunt bets. Yeah, he's their tush push, right?


Yeah. Like he's a, he is a wrecking ball at the one or two yard line. So they give it to him. He goes in Pacheco. I would only take his like receiving props. I don't we, I don't think they trust him. I don't trust him as a running back over four and a half. Longest reception for Pachecos hit 13 of the last 17. He averages like nine over that stretch. But let me, lemme throw this by you. I'm putting a little on Mahomes for first touchdown at 18 to one. I know because he got injured. They don't do the tush push a little talked about play, it should be spoken about more is when he rushed to the line of scrimmage against Buffalo and did that end around that basically that bootleg to get the first down Right.


I think Andy Reed wants to have an fu moment here. Whether it's a Philly special or something. I think I could see him wanting Mahomes to score from the one. I don't know if it's early on or late in the game, but you might get, you might get a, a sneak. I mean I don't know why is he more likely to get injured? I know he got injured on the sneak years ago but yeah they've, they couldn't never run, couldn't run since he got hurt. Right along those lines there was a chief's prop I liked it was over four and a half guys that rushed the ball. Hmm. And this basically goes down to P Ryan. If P Ryan right P runs the ball, they get to five 'cause Worthy has a at least one carry every game Hunt and Pacheco Mahomes is gonna run.


So you're basically better in p Ryan. P Ryan has no runs in the playoffs and the Chiefs always zag when they get to the Super Bowl. So I wonder is there like the one, it's like third and nine? Oh my god. It's a draw, draw play to P Ryan. But I like the four and half over. I like that I did the the it. It's gonna come down to like stupid replay. 'cause Mahomes you might get P Ryan but it could be just like a little flip play where it counts as a pass that would suck. Oh, then it, it's like a Yeah, yeah. That would suck. Yeah. The, the mahome stuff. I love the stuff with his legs, the hunt stuff. I think he's going to actually, you know, be pretty prominently involved. The guy that I can't get a handle on is Kelsey, who's Oh, you, you just figure the yards for all of his props are five yards higher than they should be.


Yeah. Because he said he's the most public prop bet there is. You can do 80 plus yards for him is plus 2 35 7 plus receptions is plus 1 35. And then there's that 25 plus yards each. Half. Each half. Yeah. Two to one. I, to me he's a stay away. I didn't like how he disappeared in that last game. Know to Kobe Dean. So maybe that's, maybe that's a way for him to, but I I I just feel like they're gonna take him out. Yeah. I'm torn here because the, maybe they stole enough money from us in the a FC championship game. 'cause we all be Kelsey props. Right. So maybe that's, yeah. Okay. So maybe it comes back and we know I gave you his Super Bowl numbers, right? Like 3 0 7.


Yeah. I think in, in three games. But there's another way to do this. I like, I'm looking at no Noah Gray for a long of 10 or more yards. Because the Eagles weren't great against the tight ends. Right? Yeah. Like, what was it? It was Zach Ertz went for 110, didn't have like 10 catches or something last week. Something crazy. Right? Noah Gray's 10 or more for a long, he's hitting 12 of the last 17. So that could be, what are the odds on that? I mean, it's just even, even up. But, you know, that could be something that, that's a good one. They go to him a lot too. Yeah, I like that one. So you agree that Kelsey's a stay away? Yeah. I think the yards is just tough with him. So I, I would do the first half, second half. That's it.


Game props. My favorite ones. Both teams get a fourth down conversion as minus 1 24. I, I don't, I can't remember the last NFL game I watched where both teams didn't get a fourth down. The Eagles seem to get at least one every game. Minus 1 24 seems like a layup. And I don't, I had, I had this written down. They, I mean they've gotten a fourth down conversion in every playoff game this year. Both teams. So that's, that's five and oh and they're 70% plus on the year and that's top three in the league. So. Great. There's another one that I, I wouldn't recommend, but I thought was interesting just 'cause I thought the odds would've been like, more better for the better fourth down conversion in your own territory.


Minus one 14. Oh wow. Didn't see that. Like why is that? Like plus one 60. Oh wow. Yeah. It's so rare to go, go in your own territory. But if that's minus one 14, then why wouldn't I just bet on both teams to get a fourth down conversion? But you know, that's the way to do it. Yeah. So successful. Two point conversion. A bet that I think we've done the last couple years and the odds still haven't shifted enough on it. It's plus 1 75. It feels like we have one every year. You know, I looked at it and it, it felt like it, but it's, it's not, it's not the case. It's not true. No, it's not. Did I, three of the last five did I tested that? Yeah. I mean, look at the scores. They're all like 20. You know, I, I think you need a guy.


Well you need a kicker probably to miss at some point and some weird shit to happen, but, okay. Are you looking for four both teams or one team? Is it, you said one team converts or both? It just says any two, any successful two point conversion is, is my plus 1 75. Yeah. All right. So I think you need like five touchdowns. You can, and one of of them is a two point conversion. Maybe it's a stay away. How about a 60 yard reception for either team? Ooh. Plus 4 35 60 yard plus. Interesting. That's like one worthy down the sideline or one AJ Brown. I wanted the odd to be better for that. Seems like a Super Bowl play maybe. Yeah. And then this is one of my favorites.


Philly wins the time of possession. Yeah. Minus 1 28. I went back and looked and they've won like almost every week it feels like. And if you think they're gonna win the game, then they're gonna win the time possession. I had the O at seven F points as well. Did you have Jalen Carter over three and a half tackles and assists for plus one 20? I did write that down. Yeah, I mean it guy's a fucking maniac. How is he not gonna get it? Could be that he's four tackles and assists. Yeah, I had deje over or deje over one and a half assists. He's hit this in five straight And I had ion Mitchell under a half of assist. He is five outta six if you go under there, by the way, I did have, sorry Kelsey. This could be a good Kelsey one.


Oh Kelsey. First catch for Kansas City plus two 30 last two Super Bowls. He's had the first catch. Whoop a plus two 30 plus two 30 last two Super Bowls. He had a one yard catch and a 20 yard catch. My favorite prop. Gotta do it. Yeah. And then we're gonna take a break and then you're gonna go through all your crazy props. Alright. Chris Jones sack. Ooh. Plus 1 36. So what do we know? What have we seen from the eagles? Hertz will go back and if it's not there, he holds it on too long. We see guys go up the middle and get 'em and it seems to happen twice a game. That's exactly what Chris Jones was put on the earth to do, is to push the line back and every once in a while he gets to the guy.


And I just was surprised. I thought that was gonna be, I don't know, even odds. Plus 1 36. Pretty good. Just free value. I like that when they're switching in centers during the game and they, that means you can't really double team a Chris Jones. So that's pretty good. I'll have more to say about that. A a a a bigger moment. But I yes that. There's nothing wrong with that. Yeah. All right, so those are all mine. We're gonna take a break. We're gonna come back. The cousin is gonna rip through his favorites. And then the most important part of the podcast, the Gary Russell Bet. Can't wait. Next. There we go.


This episode is brought to you by Pepcid Complete. We all know that one of the best parts of game day is the food on Sundays Nephew, Kyle comes over. Sometimes we'll get healthy, we'll get some salads. Sometimes we'll get a little ambitious. We'll get some sandwiches. It's always the best part of my food week. Well, until heartburn strikes then it's not as great. You get heartburn from time to time. Gotta watch out. You don't wanna be rolling around in bed all night. Thankfully Pepcid Complete starts to work instantly. It lasts all day. Just one great tasting chewable tablet provides dual action heartburn relief with an acid that starts working instantly and an acid reducer that lasts all day. So you can stay focused on that second sandwich, that second, second, helping a salad not Harper. Visit pepcid.com to shop now all day based on eight hour symptom relief Studies during the day. Use product only as directed.


This episode is brought to you by Michelob Ultra. Winning is a great feeling, but let's be honest, it's even better with a prize like Michelob Ultra Superior Li Beer. And that's exactly what you'll get with Play you for an ultra on DoorDash. You can challenge your friends to a game race or match and send the winner a Michelob Ultra because superior is always worth playing for. Participate and play you for an ultra and send the winner an ultra through DoorDash today. Enjoy responsibly copyright 2025 Anheuser-Busch Michelob Ultra Light Beer. St. Louis, Missouri. Must be 21 or older to order alcohol. Alcohol available only in select markets.


Alright guys, you have the floor rip through your bets and then we'll be Gary Russell. Let's do it any quarter to N zero zero plus three 10. This has happened 25% of the games, like 14 times, like I think four of the last nine, the first quarters ended. Zero. Zero. Yeah. I love the zeros everywhere. You can go on FanDuel and buy your your squares now. Right? You don't have to get stuck with two five at a some shitty Super Bowl party and pretend you have a chance and do the math all day. Whether girl who's selling Girl Scout cookies, someone's, you know, a great niece ends up winning it without paying attention anymore. Or, or Daniel buying four squares and then three other squares for little kids and then just winning.


Right, exactly. Winning it. Yeah. They haven't looked at the, the screen at once, so I love that, that you could buy your own squares. KC seven oh is plus six 50 Philly seven oh first quarters plus six 50. I'd take a chance on those. Plus six 50. Yeah, for first quarter. Yep. What is there a seven to three of course. Yeah. Seven three zeroes. So that, mix 'em all up. Have some fun. There's one for game. Yeah, that looks great. That sounds way more fun than being in a pool. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Do it up. I would think you would like this. The Triple Crown bets. These are like the anchor bets you were at these, you and house were doing right at these. I I couldn't land on the right one for the right odds. I was looking at you so you can bet Mahomes throws for the most pass.


Good Barkley does the most rushing easy. Oh, I'll get nuts with Xavier worthy as most receiving. And that's my threesome. I plus six 50 right there. Yeah, but if you anchor the two, if you could be at peace with the fact that Mahomes is gonna have more passing yards, you know, not a, not a certainty, but you know, like j just live with it and Barley would be the Russian yard leader then put worthy in, then put AJ Brown and then put Devonte Smith in. You can have like a nice little, you know, three or four bets there, paid six 10 to one. You're So you're saying just do a whole bunch of them? Yeah. Like do yours. I'm saying that for everything man. We one game left, just like picked two or three. Yeah, exactly. Get, get And then we have there send the Lakers to bet on like we're fine.


Yeah, we're good. We're good. The NBA is here to save you crazy bets Luca. First Ozempic shot plus one 60 on Monday. I don't know how that happened. Luca, first gluten-free diet consultation. He is gonna be like the, the Jonah Hill after because it's gonna be such a practical joke. I, on the, I mean, being in a really nice sunny city does have a way of making you feel bad when you're, you know, yeah. When you're, when you're pulling over the t-shirt and it's a little tight 'cause you're about to walk around some, not me, but yeah. Him. Yeah. Shit. Yeah. All right. We gotta do the Sal Special Eagles First Half Chiefs game plus seven 50. It hit the last two years. Oh wow. CH Chiefs were, oh my Lord.


Throwing at halftime against the miners. What a great one. Yeah. And the Eagles. So plus seven 50. And if you wanna go the other way, chief's first half Eagles game plus 800. So a tie does not help do at half Eagle's First half Chiefs game plus seven 50. I mean, I could actually see that happening. I would've thought that would've been like plus 500. Yeah, that's the one great one, Chris. All right, let Pleasant South Special Fando should fucking give that to you. They should name that officially. The cousin south Special people should know what it's, thank you. Thank you. Both teams complete. The first pass minus one 20. This one I got from gm.


John Schneider just texted me for the Seattle Seahawks. It got me. So yeah, both teams. First pass, first completion, both teams. This has hit four in a row. All 4, 5, 6, 1 yard passes. These guys don't screw around. I don't know, I, I don't see them going for the home run ball early on. Right? So this is like second and seven. Let's throw the quick out to Noah Gray for four. Take Gotter really quick. Checko Gotter, right? Little shovel pass. Just let's, let's keep the clock moving. Confidence builder only minus one 20. I really like that one. Not great, but still exact scores. This is fun too. K to score.


Exactly. 30 is 17 to one. 27 is 11 to one. 24 is 10 to one. Five times this year. It's hit on those three numbers for the Eagles. 28, 27 and 26. You got 22 to one, 11 to 1 23 to one. Five times those numbers to fit Jesus. It feels like it up man. Live it up. Let's see, what else do I want to do? Oh, here's something interesting. So they have the playoff leaders, right? Yeah. So up until like wildcard I saw that. So isn't who's the guy who's still winning for receivers? Demi Brown. Yeah. 229 yards. He's plus 360. I think he could, hold on. I think this is where he shines. I think he shines next Sunday by not being in the game.


He is, Goddard has 180 8. So if You don't think Goddard will have 46, you're good there. Kelsey has 1 36. He would need, you know, 90 something and worthy as one 30. I just think plus 360 for the leader at this point might be a, a decent way to go. I almost wonder if the move is to bet the over on Goddard. But then you also bet the DMI Brown bet. Interesting. And you can hedge your away, right? See you're smarter than I'm with that playoff. So Playoff leaders, that's such a fun one. Yeah. I can't believe so. Goddard's the favorite of minus 1 25. Demi Brown is plus two 80. Oh it's two 80 now. Oh. And then Worthy's 10 to one. It keeps going. It keeps going.


Yeah. Well if you think that's 60 yard of S coming, maybe that's the way to do it. But all right. Braden Mann Eagles punter under 55 and a half longest punt. Only over 55, 4 times all regular season. Who knows if he'll even punt, right? He had two against Washington his longest. That's a weird one. That's a long punt. Like you'd almost, that would almost have to bounce. Isn't that crazy? A guy didn't pick it up. Yeah, I got that Quest. That's one of those that sfo Mensa, the Vikings GM sent me that one. That, that almost would make me nervous that that line is so high. Like FanDuel knows something. Oh really? Fan. It's my saying. It's like a giant pun. Yeah, it is a lot.


All right. Jersey number for the first touchdown over 15 and a half, you lose the quarterbacks, but you get almost every defensive player. You get Barkley, you get Goddard, you get Kelsey, you get Hunt, you get Peyton Hender shot. I love it. Over 15 and a half. Even odds for that. EBIT odds. Yeah. Well they have to have a number. They put it right at the Kelsey line there. 15. Yeah, but there's gotta be some other player that's under 15. Devonta Smith is under 15. Well Hurts no, Hertz is under both quarterbacks. Yeah. Devonta Smith. Yes. He's number six. Probably AJ Brown. Yeah. Yeah. We and AJ Brown's number 11. Yeah. I just, I just like having Barley and Kelsey on the on for almost even and Noah Gray.


Yeah. And my guy Noah Gray. All right. Let's see, what else do we have here? They have next gen stats. Yeah. Which are great. Did you see, I don't even know how they would do this 'cause worthy to register fastest as plus 2 85 and he is the fastest. But, so what if it's like an eight yard catch? Do they really just measure how fast it, it wouldn't be able to get speed probably in that spot. So you, you're basically betting that he's gonna have the longest play at plus 2 85 and freaking fast. It would have to be a pass that's at least 25 yards, right? Or a run that's at least 25 yards. Yeah. So the guy can get the full head of steam.


Right. So that's why Barclay's the favorite for that one. So he's, he's supposed to have the longest play. It's that simple. Yeah. I, I'm gonna bet on Travis Kelsey. I I just feel like he's looking fast lately. Just seems like, just seems like No, I I would bet I'm worthy on that in the three to one odds and then hope that he gets, gets lucky. You could bet. I mean, it's cra imagine Jimmy the Greek looking at this like you could have worthy at 18 and a half miles per hour. Like that's minus 1 72 to do that. Jimmy, the Greek would probably end up saying something racist about the bet. Absolutely. Taking word, uncomfortable position first touchdown. What would you say? Which, which would you go with?


Probably running back running back's. Plus one tight end intrigue me though. 'cause you have Kelsey Gray and Gotter tight end's plus four 20. It's not bad. That's what I was looking at there. Yeah. Tight end plus four 21st touchdown. I like that one. Right. I think it's still four 20. I, you know, I, we were talking about the fu moment for, for Reid against the Eagles. Yeah, I know. He is played and ready. Any quarterback to receive a touchdown. 70 to one alignment, A score 18 to one. A quarterback, either quarterback catches a pass is 21 to to one. That's pretty good. I know these things don't happen a ton, but there this is it. This is your last chance to use the trick play for the year, right?


Yeah. And I, I can't see Casey doing it with Mahomes. So it basically come down to Jalen Hurtz and then if you're Siri, do you wanna rip off the Philly special or a play like that and then it doesn't work. They're like, oh, look at fucking Siri trying to the Philly special. But that by the gold line, right? Yeah. But maybe, maybe just something stupid. Maybe the 21 1 just to catch a pass could be interesting. Right, right. Then you get the stupid stuff. I mean I, I I'm going purple Gatorade. It's gone down already. It was plus two 40. Oh bet. Oh there's been action. You could bet it on FanDuel now, which is a fricking miracle. Purple's down to two to one. It was purple the last two years. The Chiefs won the last two years. It was purple. Why would they screw with a good thing?


Purple has a chance to catch orange as the high got, orange is five, purple is four of all the Super Bowls. You know, we got the Kobe thing. It's been five years since Kobe's gone. You could go cur purple there if you're the Eagles. You know, I think I just also, let's just talk about Kendrick Lamar as like an Easter thing going. Maybe it's in his rider that there has to be purple Gatorade. I don't know. Purple two to one seems like a good, that sounds, I could probably get inside info in that the, there's, there's some sort of purple something. There's too much action on purple. Maybe it's, maybe it's that Luca went to the Lakers now it's like a whole purple week. Oh yeah, that's the other thing. Yeah.


That this is gonna be the first. Hold on, I'm gonna throw up again. You don't like that? No, just Luca going to the Lakers. Oh, Luka makes me physically ill. Yeah, they're like, oh my God, he's lost 25 pounds and LeBron has him using the Versa climber. It's like cool. Nobody's gonna win the title now for the next seven years. Fuck. Listen, no one was more surprised than LeBron. He found out, what was he getting? Like a bacon wrapped hotdog in New York after the Knick game. He, he had nothing to do with this at all. Nothing. Had no idea. That's good. No. Had no idea. Completely shocked. I'd like to see big Dom get involved in this Gatorade scandal. Doesn't this seem like something like big Dom switches it out and some mobsters hit big on this prop. I think that's how this one's going down.


John Batiste anthem. This one, you might not be able to find that Fandel 120 and a half seconds. He did a minute 35, which is 95 seconds at the NBA Allstar game. Yeah. In 2017. Does he show off 30 seconds worth? How many? 120 seconds. That seems like a lot. Yeah, it's two minutes. So it's been under two minutes in five of the last six years. I'll never forget when Louis Kay gave us the inside info and risk's job so we could win that prop. Is Lewis gonna be at this thing again? Did we win? Yeah, we won. 'cause he told us what was gonna happen. He was in the building. Yeah, it was like, it was like the best inside info I had the flip side of it though.


Nick Conn, my friend Nick Conn who runs wwe, right? We saw his son at UFCA few weeks ago and we were talking Ro Rumble and his son Sonny, who's a great kid. And he is like, Sonny, what's gonna happen to Rumble? And he goes, John Cena's gonna win the World Rumble and then he's gonna wrestle Cody Rhodes of WrestleMania. Oh no. And we were like, holy shit. And then so John Cena was one of the last two and then he lost. Right. So Sonny swerved us. He's learning from the best Nick. Wow. Yeah. Wow. If you can't trust WWE inside himself, I himself, I can't trust a 9-year-old son of what? Hell, the guy who runs wwe. What can I, who can I trust? Come on Nick. Nick's patting the son on the head right now. Let's this. He said Great job. Good job son.


He did it again. Well I'm trying to figure out, oh, two or more disc tracks from Kendrick Lamar regarding Drake is minus 400. Wow. Well he's definitely playing not like us. Right. So it's just So then they would have to maybe does a medley count? What if it's a medley with like four seconds songs in it? I think it has to. Yeah. Yeah. They have to because everything's a medley now. They don't really stop down for new songs. And then there's dumb shit. There's Taylor Swift to announce pregnancy during or after Super Bowl 16 to one. Will he propose Travis after at eight to one? We might just have to do that so that you don't throw up again. Can we talk about the proposal? 'cause why is that still lingering in such a real way?


Makes you almost think it's gonna happen after the game. Right. If the NL was scripted, the Chiefs would win and then he would propose. Exactly. So eight to one seems high. Right. And he didn't go to the Grammys, which is going on right now as we're as scratch. Also, that's a better bet than Chief's money line. 'cause he's not gonna propose if they lose. That's true. He's only proposing if they win. It's like, right, right, right. It the, the Chiefs have lost by 10. Hold on, let's go to the field where Travis Kel has a special announcement. Right. It has to be a win. Well the chiefs Chiefs are gonna try harder if they know he has plans to propose. I don't dunno. It gets a confusing, they probably not. Do you know Metro booming? What about him?


He is the first celebrity on stage. He's plus 1 25. He is the favorite. Not Tommy Alter. Tommy's fourth. I had Tommy Al Alter. This is my number one. I'm trying to think. That might be it. Before we get to the, the good stuff there, what are the ads of me being in New Orleans? Is it, do those come out up? Wish I wish would go. What do you, do you have another MBA thing this week or something? I don't, there might be more trades. I don't know. Oh, oh, that's right. You gotta stick around for these dumb trades as you know. 'cause you've seen it. New Orleans is terrible for me. Yeah, it's not fun for you. It's it's, I I can't handle it. Right. I can't handle it. So that doesn't mean I'm not gonna go.


But I I I know that it's, it's a bad city for me. Yeah. Well the bad thing is like, you could not even be looking for trouble and get food poisoning from Roy. Oy O Oysters. How do you say that? Yeah. Roy Oysters. You know Roy Oysters? Roy Oysters is a new state of comedian. He's tour at Jeff Ross. Bill. He's gonna be the first dis track. Yeah. Yeah. All right. So the quick setup for Gary Russell. This was a million years ago. Yeah. We were doing a Super Bowl props be right around when we invented Super Bowl props Right in the two thousands. And you did the Gary Russell bet you had this big bet. You were all excited about it. I thought it was gonna be like Ben Berger, 280 yards or whatever it was.


Nope. This was Cardinal Steeler Super Bowl. And your big thing was Gary Russell. What was it? He would to, to not score a touchdown? To not score a touchdown. You had studied it. Researched it, and he scored it was minus one 50. He had like two touchdowns all year. I was like, why is this only minus one 50? Yeah. So he scores in the first quarter And I think we were watching the Super Bowl together and we're just dying laughing. And then we get this email from somebody who said they were at a Super Bowl party. It was a male and a female. They both started laughing. They didn't know who each other were. They were like, do you guys listen? Do you listen to BS report? And they ended up getting married. I So Gary Russell pod has led to, yeah, this pick has led to a marriage. It's led to a marriage.


It's led to almost bankruptcy for me. I I, I'm not very good at it. It now I pick an underachieving, no name player to have a reception or a Carrie. I hit with like the, it's the least sexy prop. Yes, you can bet. Yes. But you're adamantly Hank Kresky is the, the best one. I think that was good. I took your Patriots tight end once that Michael Huma, who was the Oh yeah, that one hit. Yeah. Michael Huma that hit. But honestly, I don't think I've, I've, I don't think I've hit since Fozzie Whitaker. I feel like the, And I feel like the Chiefs and Eagles have ruined the Gary Russell special because we kind of know all the third and fourth stringers. Right. Like, I'm not gonna go with Kenneth Gain. Well, or Johan Dotson or you know, you said some Aji PP Ryan for the Chiefs.


Otherwise we know the top six receivers. So I had to dig deep and here's what I ended up with. I I was never gonna count you out. I knew you would find something. You weren't gonna quit on Gary Russell. No, I can't quit on Gary Russell. I can't believe we haven't heard from that couple. They must be must have split early on if that's actually how they met. Yeah. Maybe that's like a sad story now. It's a sad story. It's divorce. The guy guy's living with his parents. Please reach out to us if that's the case. Yeah. Chiefs defensive lineman. Oh, Mike. To record a sack at plus 2 35 is the Gary Russell special of 2025.


Hear me out. 27-year-old. Fifth round pick outta Michigan. Yeah. He's on the postseason roster. Had a good game against the bills. He had a sack. He did. His name was, his name was mentioned a couple times. He had a sack and now it's gonna be mentioned again and again. Again. He had six and a half sacks last year. He had five in 22. He had two at Philly in 2021. He's one of those guys. Simmons, you talk about who was like really good in high school and then some scouts saw that and he was really good in college. And then he ended up being a pro. Oh my theory. Yes. That's your, yeah. That's when a guy is really good. High school, college, and then the pros. Yeah. They get recognized. Yeah. Derrick Henry theory four, tackles a sack, two quarterback hits a force fumble against the bills.


Madden gives him an 85 acceleration and 90 tackling ability. Mike Danna. Go get it. My Gary Russell special dude of 2025 a sack plus 2 35, grew up in Michigan, played at Central Michigan University in the University of Michigan. Yep. Fifth round draft pick six foot one and a half. 2 51, ah, stud. He's won two Super Bowls, resigned with the chiefs on a three year $24 million deal in April, 2024. He's not Chopped Liver. That Mike Dana. Yeah. No way. Mike. Dana. Great one. There we go. Got it all. That's our Super Bowl prop stuff. So you're doing a whole bunch of stuff this week.


You're gonna New Orleans, we're gonna be doing a bunch of content. Yes. And and eventually we'll give your pick. Do you wanna do Parent Corner quick? I could do it. I have one. Yeah. All right. Go. I, well, first of all, I crashed pub puberty night the other night. Remember I told you. Oh yeah, that happens. Harrison and his friends. Yeah. There's a, there's an instructor and we switch houses every Friday they gather and there's something going on. And this week it was at my house. So it was hard to avoid even though my wife's like, just get lost. You know, you're not mature enough for this. But, so I was gonna take my other son out to dinner, but I was like, let me check in on this. And they're showing a, a birth on tv. It's like on my television. What? Like a birth. And the kids are like covering their faces and everything. And then they have, yeah, it's really nutty.


And they have questions afterwards about pregnancy and, and Harrison asks, can the baby poop when it's inside the mother? And I just like snickered. And I was like, I gotta get the hell outta here. This is just too stupid. But that's part one, part two, you talked about the Royal Rumble And I still love it. I still do like doing the pool as long as there's like four people involved. So I was like, all right, I'll put up $50. My godson was here, my two younger sons, it was me. And then we pick numbers for Archie who's in college. Right. So we got six people or, or, or no five people. Six picks each. And it comes down to Jay uso, who Harrison has and John Cnu, who Archie has.


And Archie loved John cnu. It was his absolute favorite growing up. So it's kind of poetic. And like you said, it would make sense that John Cena would at least come down to these two. He would, he would win. He would emerge. They've been hinting at it for Yes, a month and a half. And that this was the farewell tour. John Cena's gonna be leading WrestleMania. And it doesn't happen for John Cena. Jay Huso ends up winning Harrison wins the $50 And immediately makes a, a taunting video and puts it on the family text chain. It's like your boy lost it for you, Archie. That's it for you. $50 right here. Sorry pal. You know, all that stuff. And then Archie a few hours later says, I didn't even get to congratulations Harris.


And I didn't even get to pick my numbers. I will be back better than ever next year. And so that we could go back to these days. And he pans the camera and he shows his laptop of Harrison having a temper tantrum when he lost the royal rumble. Oh. He's taunting him for past behavior. So I was like, this is great. This is the best thing I've ever done. You've always, you've always wanted this created shit on the family text chain. And Melissa's like, what's wrong with you people? So anyway, that's Wow. She's definitely like that south side of the family. Yeah. That's it. So my son was going away this weekend And I drove him. He was going on some skiing trip even though he barely skis. And I drove into a friend's house so he could drop his stuff off there.


'cause they were leaving from the friend's house after school. So we end up drive. So I drive Ben and his friend to school, which I haven't done in a while. Right. Kid gets in, he gets in, his friend gets in the back. Ben who was sitting in the front with me then goes and gets in the back. So now I have no passenger seat. And I don't know what what's your, what's your stance on this? Because I'm like, what am I the fucking Uber driver? He's like, well I I didn't want him to be alone in the back. I'm like, cool. There's no, this is crazy. There's nobody in the front seat. You guys aren't like eight. Yeah. Like you're 17. Like you should be in the front. He's like, well I wanna sit back here and, and you got a fight. I usually say something, I usually say something stupid like in a butler voice.


Like, would you had to go to the park? You know, so like, and nobody ever gets it. And now that's it. That's So what are the passenger, what are the parent passenger rules when this happens? Like, 'cause I really feel like the kid should, your kid should sit in the passenger seat. Right. And then if he wants to talk to his friend, turn around and talk to him. But don't like leave the passenger seat empty. Yeah. Are three adult three basically adults? They're both, they're both juniors in high school. And I'm in the front and they're in the back. It's just fucking weird. Okay. So this is different, I think than from when we were growing up and everything else. 'cause are they showing each other stuff on the phone for the whole ride? No, they just wanted a, they're both on their phone.


I don't even know. Maybe they're texting about me. What a doof assignment. I dunno. Well they could do that anyway. They could still do that. You're watching the road. Yeah. It's weird man. I don't like it. So I'm on the record with that. Another bank complaint now. 'cause we're roughly around the same size. He just comes into my closet and just takes, oh, you know, oh, I need a, i, I need a t-shirt that I'm tired of my own t-shirts. I'll just grab one of dad's and he just goes in and he picks and then I never see a t-shirt again. And he also like picks off, he's ruffling through them. So it's like this pile and my shelf. It's like a So Marshalls the whole thing of like, I hope my kid grows and we're around the same size someday. It's actually when it actually happens, it sucks.


'cause he just starts wearing my clothes. And then the third thing was he, he wanted to get some ski stuff for the trip. And he is like, no, I'm gonna do it myself. I'm gonna do it myself. I'm like, all right, this is gonna be a disaster. Right. So he said, no, no, I'm do it myself. So he goes and he gets a couple things and he thinks he's good. And then my wife came home and she's like, I thought we're gonna get No, he is like, I'm good, I'm good. So then he shows this bag of what he got and he got like 40% of the stuff. Is there a bigger heat check than the boys in that 16 to 18 range who are like the, I got this, I got this. And they just are fucking terrible at everything.


Yeah. Like they don't have it. Guess what? You don't have anything. You're driving around with a broken windshield wiper that I told you to fix three weeks ago and then it starts raining and you put the windshield wipers on, you scratch the windshield. Like you don't have anything. It's like, you're not smarter than me. I am positive. I'm smarter than you. Yeah. And ski trip is right there at the top of that. You, I mean, you could forget a million things, right? Yeah. Like yeah. That's, that's bad To jump into first one, one of the first things to jump into, but it's like you become this basketball coach where you're bringing somebody off the bench and the guy's just not listening to the plays. And then like dribbling in a triple team, you're basically Bronny James, right? And, and you're just like, I fucking, you're just supposed to run the, the pivot action to the side.


This heat check age that boys have. It just makes me wanna punch Ben like twice a week. And he'd probably takes me in a fight, but it's just, can he just reach into your closet and grab some ski clothes? I don't understand. Just fucking listen to me. I told you to get oil. Like I told you. I know you told me. Yeah, but you didn't get the oil right. I know. And he won't even, won't even this get better. The front seat with you. Like Archie's Archie's now about to hit his twenties. Like does it get better? No, it's about the same. I don't know. Archie started cooking for himself now, which surprised me. So that's that. That's good. Does he clean up after? Not that great at that. But you know, it could be a little worse, but Yeah, because that was another thing with ban.


Like our dog was sick for a week. 'cause he put the fucking cake frosting right next to the counter and then he blamed the dog. Right, right. Well he shouldn't have gone up there and gotten it. It's like he has an IQ of 20. Like you can't, can't be like what he shouldn't have done. He's an idiot. So, but is this a boy thing? I mean, you, you have wanna beach. So I don't know if I really think it's a boy thing. Yeah. I, I don't, I just think they feel like they're always right and they're also still stupid. 'cause they're not adults yet. And that front part of their brain hasn't fully formed. So it's the rare combination of irrational confidence and lack of experience with everything. And I don't need help. It's what don't need help off us.


Like never asking for directions. But then this is like aoc me less mature thing. Yeah, yeah. Just leave me alone. And, and then they're batting 28% of decisions sitting in the backseat and then sitting in the backseat as I'm driving. So I feel like he were driving, my son did a weird thing real quick about that. Like not sitting, not only did he not sit in the front seat, but I had to take a bunch of wrestlers to a tournament. He let like one of the wrestlers sit in the front seat with me. Like, And I was like, instead of him, instead of him, I was like, all right, I guess I'll talk to this kid for an hour. Wow. In front. What do you They just don't like us. Yeah. That might be it. Yeah. Yeah. That might be it too. Can they just say that cut us a bit? Yeah. All right. Because good luck in New Orleans.


There it is. We miss you. Come down man. You can come, come who knows. A couple right out. I can't ruled out. Let's good luck with the betting and all the picking this week And I will, I will see you on Sunday night after the Super Bowl. Yes. Good job. By you buddy. Good job by you. Alright, that's it for the podcast. Thanks to Goldsberry and Sal. Thanks to Kyle and Sir Rudy and Gau. As always, you can watch all the quips and videos from this podcast on the Bill Simmons YouTube channel. We have new rewatch balls coming for you as well on Monday night. We did before Sunrise last week. Doing before Sunset on Monday night. That's going up. Brought in a fourth person with me and Sean and, and Chris Ryan to talk about one of my favorite movies in the two thousands.


You can watch that on The Ringer Movies YouTube channel as well. I am going to see you definitely for another podcast Tuesday or Wednesday. Not sure which day, so stay tuned. See you during the week On, Must be 21 plus in President Select states for Kansas and affiliation with Kansas Star Casino, or 18 plus in President dc.


Gambling problem, call 100 gambler. Visit rg-help.com. Call 1 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org/chat in Connecticut. Or visit md gambling help.org in Maryland. Hope is here. Visit gambling helpline ma.org or call 803 2 7 50 50 for twenty four seven Support Massachusetts. Or call 1 8 7 7 8 Hope ny. Or text Hope and Y in New York.