
Coming up week 12 in the books, A lot happened. It's all next


This episode of The Bill. Simmons Podcast is brought to you by RayBan Meta. Smart Glasses built with meta ai. RayBan meta smart glasses react to what you see so you can learn more about the world around you. you can also take hands free photos, videos, send messages, make video calls, even play music and podcasts straight from your glasses with Ray Band Meta.


This episode is brought to you by Michelob ULTRA. It's tip off time for NBA Cup. So I hope you're already in stocked up on Michelob ULTRA. Notice how I called it NBA cup, but not the NBA cup. Trying to get that going. We'll see how it goes. I really love how they're getting fans. Closer to all the action. With Mick Loeb Ultra Courtside, it has exclusive content and prizes like Courtside seats. A trip to the Paris Global game or to Allstar weekend and much more. Learn how you can get closer to the action. Visit mick loeb ultra.com/courtside. Michelob ULTRA superior access Courtside 24 25 sweepstakes, no purchase necessary. Open to US residence 21 plus begins on 10. 1 24 goes through 7 1 25. Visit Michelob ULTRA dot com slash courtside for free. Entry. Entry. Deadlines and official rules and void were prohibited.


We're also brought to by The Ringer. Podcast Network. I have new re watchable coming for you on Monday night. We did Running Scared. Yeah, Billy Crystal Gregory Hines in All Time Buddy Cop Classic. And we did it because on Friday on HBO and on the Max App, we're premiering our latest music box documentary. It is called Yacht Rock. It's really good. There's no way you're not gonna like it. I'm just telling you, the trailer's already out. I'll put the trailer on my Instagram this week, but week, I'm really proud of this one. You're gonna like it, I'm telling you. But anyway, we did Running Scared because that was the official end of Yacht Rock, the Sweet Freedom video, which we talked about on the podcast.


It's me and Chris Ryan Monday night. Stay tuned. You'll also be able to watch it on The Ringer movies, YouTube channel. You can watch all the videos and clips from this podcast on the Bill Simmons YouTube channel. And coming up, Cousin, Sal and I, we taped this or recorded this. I always say taped because I'm old. We recorded this episode live on YouTube. You can join us every Sunday night if you want to. The Bill Simmons channel. Here we go First, our friends from Pearl Jam.


All right, it's Sunday. It's 8:35 PM Pacific Time. Just watched the Eagles absolutely kill the rims Sal. I did something unusual of that. I wasn't gonna bet on this game. And then I watched how bad the Patriots were against the Dolphins and I said to myself, Jesus, they should have beaten the Rams last week. That might be the Rams are bad. And I bet, interesting. Yeah, yeah, that, that rarely works. So congratulations. Right When we start playing mind games and double guessing and triple guessing things, but God damn, they really did look good. I hate that this is, I hate the giants that much more. Not that Saquon would've been good with them. He would've been ineffective and whatever.


You know, they don't have an offensive line or a quarterback that could help but to let him go to the Eagles. And now, I don't know, man, there, there are gonna be top two in the NFC almost no doubt now. Well, it seems like things have tilted too far with the running back position where the contracts went down. Everyone talked about how replaceable they were. And then it hit the point last summer, where, or last spring when Derrick Henry and Saquon were both available, they were on bad teams, their stock was down because of the quarterbacks, the coaching. You know, they're just wasted on the teams that are on bad offensive lines. And then you grab those guys and put them on a different team and they look super human. And I wonder if going forward now, we'll just know, like in fantasy, in futures and all this stuff, it's like, oh yeah, you, Derrick Henry was on a bad team last year.


He should be on a really, he should be in a really good situation this year. Yeah. I don't know why this was so hard to figure out. So Josh Jacobs also right? To a lesser extent, not in the top two Yeah. With those guys. But yeah, I know, I know, I know. And you need a good running back to, to go far in January. I was wrong about all of it, but you know, I, I, I don't Bill, I don't know what to tell you. Melissa Stark's talking about being the recipient of the tush push. And I just, I can't comment. I like this job. Mike, come on Mike. Thank God we're on a seven second delay. Thank God. Best running back rankings, our Saquon and Henry one and two.


Yeah. Well, I think if you're doing tandems or running back core, Detroit is probably also in the conversation, right? So Saquon and Henry, it's the Gibbs Montgomery combo. And then I don't even think we can make 'em out. Rushmore. I think those have been the, the kind of the best running back slash whatever. And then every, then it's like a drop off to whoever you'd wanna have next. Miami might have a chance to get there because it feels like those guys are getting going now. But I think that's, it's the top three at least I wanna put Ezekiel Elliott in there, but I just, I just can't, I can't do it. Let's see, who else, who else would've been, well, McCaffry, that's really you, you wanna put McCaffery, but he is just now, now he's stuck on the bad team.


I don't know how that happened. Well, and he doesn't look good, is the other issue, right? Yeah. Yeah. Do you think he looks goods the ball up? No, no, no. I would, I would never say that about another man, but no, I don't, I don't, I don't know. He is just that, that team has just fallen apart and they were so, so deep and you wouldn't think, you would think they were like bulletproof for this kind of like meltdown, but not the case. No way in hell they're making the playoffs now. Well, Henry and Barkley are one two in rushing. Josh Jacobs is third and, and Shuba Hubbard is fourth. Right? So good luck on your fantasy teams, everybody. Yeah. I I I think Philly, Philly plays Baltimore next week. So in terms of this offensive player of the year award, like I think it's gonna be won next week.


Even though, even though, you know, I think Barley's a sizable favorite at this point, and he's sneaking into the MVP conversation. He won't win, right? It's running back aren't allowed to win. And we'll talk ourselves out of that in two weeks. So we can start with Eagles, lions, how this is a pretty amazing NFC or we could just do the gambling angle of how Washington absolutely murdered a slew of three team teases, money line parlays just, oh, I'll throw Washington in. Literally nobody on Dallas is playing backup up qb. They're missing five of their best seven guys.


They need the win. I'll just put them in there. And we haven't had one of those in a while, Sal, where it was just a mass murder John Wayne Gacy style going into the basement, just getting decapitated. Yeah, just brutal. And then what made it even worse was you're like, oh, I can't believe I lost that game. And then somehow Washington comes back with this insane McClarin play that happens once a year and they make it, and that fucking kicker is lining up. And I I, I'm like, I should be more nervous right now. And then I'm like, I am nervous. And then of course, terrible snap. You knew once you saw the snap, he was gonna hook it.


Not only did he hook it, he missed it by I would say 10 yards. Awful. And yeah. And, and they ended up losing the tees anyway. The probably the, the other than the Hail Mary, maybe the second biggest gambling moment of the year. Yeah, I would think so. I would say so. Yeah. But you know, this one was a sloppy, sloppy slop fest from the start, right? Like, and you know, also, I don't know what's going on with the kickers. Were we just too spoiled in the first few weeks when everybody was making like 59 and 61 yarders? And now like, it doesn't even seem like it's raining, but everybody's kicks are getting blocked or sailing far right on extra points. But yeah, it's for Fair Baron today from 28. Oh yeah, yeah. And people are like, well, they, you know, they put more loft on it if, if it's closer, these coaches have to get closer.


I'm like, I don't think so. I don't know. I just don't know if anyone's blocking in practice. But yeah. And I, I was, I really wanted to be mad at my team, like, what is that McCluen bullshit? Like, are you kidding me? We can't lay a finger on him. Him. And then, yeah, when they missed the extra point, I'm like, can't you just let me be mad at my team and not Right. Can you, can you have called a timeout before the pt so I could been mad for three minutes? Exactly. But the communist did a communist thing by not letting America Cash on their three team teaser. You're right. I think Washington. So we, I remember betting on Washington for the division at the height of the Wow. It looks like Washington's gonna actually be really good time of this season.


And if you, if you go with the, if the Hail Mary doesn't happen, there are 500 team. Yeah. And they are way worse. So 12 games now, they're way worse than the second six than they were in the first six questions about whether they're even a playoff team at this point. But I don't think Get to 10. Yeah. I don't know. Listen, it was a suspicious line. There's no question. The line was too high. It was priced for maniacs like us to make us think twice before we did a, the three teamer with them. But there was just no way I was gonna be nervous with Dallas. What I texted you after the game. The weird thing about this game was Dallas played well, right? Like, you move the ball, you ran the ball. Cooper Rush was pretty good.


Like he was throwing completions. I was nervous in the second quarter. I didn't like how I was going. The defense was really active. Washington couldn't run the ball at all. And, and you played well enough that I actually had to, you know, I had to redo the playout. I had them as a cross off. I don't, I don't know if you crossed them off at this point. Oh, stop this garbage. Are you talking? What are you talking about? Yeah, I, I could see you smiling. That's a nice little smirk out there. There. No, it's not Michael Corleone and Godfather three. It's Sylvi as Michael Corleone. Just when I put I was out, they pulled me back in. No, they're crossed the hell off. They're, I look, this is, IIS See they got up for this game. S Mike, not, not that you're not crossed, Sal. I could see you.


You're nuts. You're absolutely nuts. S born s you're, you're playing the Giants next week on Christmas you're gonna be five and seven. You beat Cincy at home and then you're at Carolina. You can be seven and seven in, I was hoping three weeks as a friend. Don't tell me you didn't look at this. Have more decency. I looked at it a month ago. I know what's up against it. We, we have too many home games. First of all, we're gonna get crushed, but I, I think we got up for this. And by the way, there's no way, you know, I, I didn't predict this ahead of time. I was with the rest of the world. But we got up, wanted to show off for Dan Quinn. And just the same, we still needed two returns for touchdowns where our guy went untouched to, to, to, to pull it off. So I don't know.


I I'm, I'm not, I'm not Well you well you needed more than that. You missed the guy missed two pats. Yeah, right. He missed two field goals. They got a pump blocked. We missed him last year. And they gave up two kickoff touchdowns in the last five minutes of the game, which has to be a record. And one of the kickoffs was like mishandled at the one. And he, they still didn't get a finger on Terin who's very fast. But look, this is, maybe it's this, maybe we have to look at these division games like we did in college when we're like, no, no, no. Division game. Take the underdog. I think every division game except for yours, ended up one score today. That's not to say all the underdogs covered, but it was at least the ones, well, Thursday eight too ones, right?


Competitive game. So I think there was four or five outta six. So, so Tennessee seven and five, I mean Washington seven and five, they have Tennessee next week. Bye week at New Orleans home Philly home Atlanta at Dallas. There's a nine and eight in there. And you guys, you, you would've at Philly in week 17, which seems like a, like a terrible game. But they might have everything locked up and they might have the two seed locked up by then and might, that game might not even matter for them. But you play Washington Week 18 and there's a scenario where you're game back from Washington Week 18, all the NFC north team West teams have.


Yeah. Just all beaten each other. They're all nine and eight and there's some nine and eight, you know, cluster fuck that you could sneak in. I know there's scis. I know you're thinking this deep down, man. I know you're dack. There's a scenario where I reach through the Zoom and strangle you right now because how, how do you for Packers in, right? Yeah. Packers eight, right? The Vikings have nine. They're in and then you don't think like, give, first of all, I'll a team, I'll you, I'll give you six playoff teams right now. Lions, Philly, Seattle and Atlanta. Let's say those are four division winners. Minnesota's in and Green Bay's in. So there's six, right? Okay. Washington seven and five. Arizona's six and five.


You're two behind them. The Rams are five and six. You're game back from them. Niners are five and six and Tampa's five and six, not 98. Not could get this seven seed. You can, you can't rule it out. You can't, when it, when could Dak come back? I'm ruling it out. He can come back a as far as I'm concerned, when he could come back or when he can come back. I they he could be back. He could be back by the end of the year. I, I don't think so. Why are we talking about this? This, I love this. I really hate this. I hate that you No, I, I love it because I like torturing you. First you're gonna be five and seven after Thanksgiving. We bet Tampa Bay, you playing the Giants, Atlanta's gonna win some dumb shit ass games. So they're gonna get to nine wins. Right? And I don't know Seattle and Arizona, someone's stupid will get that seven C don't worry.


But I will say I'm less, I if, if your point is the NFC is not scary at all except for the two teams and we can lock the lions and eagles in for the championship game. I'm all ears. Like I would, I would take odds on that right now. I don't like any other team. Atlanta's gonna win their division because they still have Vegas and the Giants and Carolina left. I thought we bet the six. Did you not bet Tampa? We said we were gonna bet Tampa. You didn't bet. I dunno if we ever did Tampa's five and six. We did say that. But you play Tampa, you play Tampa in week 16. This is great. I'll say this about Washington.


Obviously you have to watch 'em today. You should be less confident in them. But they are a completely different team that we fell in love with that punted twice in three weeks or something. Like their offense is very, are you gonna get two touchdowns outta that offense? You, you can't guarantee if you look at their slate, it doesn't matter who they play. You can't guarantee that first half. Cliff Kingsbury's second half. Yeah, he does this right. That's his history. Right? They can't run the ball. Alright. Let be honest, you have to swear in your kids' life, all your cowboys text threads you were on today, not one of them was like, Hey, what's the path for us to make the playoffs? You did. This wasn't discussed on a text thread. It was, but in a joking way.


I think. Like I I even tweeted Super Bowl bound and all that. That does, that doesn't count. Right. So Rudy says Dak is officially out for the season. Yeah, I think he's, yeah, the IR puts him out. What if you signed Daniel Jones tomorrow? Well I thought it'd be funny just to match him up against cutlets, but I don't know. No, we're not getting to nine wins. We're not doing it. We will not do it. Sorry. Can't be ruled out. Sal, you're crazy. I wanted to make fun of your team. This should not be Well we're gonna do that later. Don't worry. I have plenty of spots for that. Do you think the Ms. Pate by Washington canceled out the Hail Mary? Now we're back to even, it's like a zero sum game. Interesting. I guess so. But they've been kind of crappy for a couple weeks now, right?


Yeah. So I don't know momentum wise and it might kill them further, but they, they have not been good at all. I'm gonna read you three David Chang texts all in succession. Let's hear Washington fan David Chang. Yeah, I quit this team then. McCluen touchdown. I'm back baby. I'm back. PAT fuck this game. Three in a row. Just like the span of a minute. That was a, that's rollercoaster ride of a, of a awful loss. Yeah. Especially 'cause everyone there is probably like, oh my god, hail Mary a couple weeks ago now this crazy McClarin play.


We're gonna win an ot. Here we go. Stand out. But Daniels isn't what he was. Right? Like even when he takes off he looks slower. I don't even know if it's ribs that with the original injury but, or maybe it's just a long season. It's finally gotten to them. Awful game. I think they can miss the playoffs because if you look at the five lost teams, they have five losses. So does Arizona. So is Seattle, you know, and there's one spot, well ran Seattle, whatever, there's an NFC title team, but then NFC West title team. But then there's another spot for the wild card. So Washington had this, they were seven and two. Now it's like holy shit, Atlanta has five losses, Tampa, six losses.


So I like the way Tampa looked today. Yeah. And Tampa's finally gotten their team back. Evans played today. Cornerbacks are back. So they can't be ruled out either. I don't like that. You didn't bet them with me at five to one. We said it on like when you say you're gonna bet something with a a friend that's like worse than then you don't do it. It's like, you know what I did sleeping with his wife. Like I, you know what, I didn't take it. Know what? I was gonna bet it with you. And then I remembered that we weren't allowed to bet on the NFC South in a positive way. It was only shorting. I know. No, I know. But plus four 50. I love Tampa schedule the rest of the way. You know what I'm noticing as always, I'm reading your facial cues first 10 minutes of the pod, how many be, how many bets did you have Washington then?


Like all of them. Oh, not all of them. Prob like 70, but not all of them. How many tied to Friday? Saturday games. Notre Dame, some UFC that I didn't even get to see that was in China. Yeah, I mean I had it all. I had it all. And it's always worse when it's your team. It's like, oh I can't even get weirdly excited for my team because we have team us. You make fun of me for that. I know.


Welcome to who's delivering Presented by Uber Eats where we break down the NFL players who have delivered so far this season from household names to out of nowhere surprises. I think Saquon's the number one guy on this list because it's not just that he improved their running back situation and just makes them more dangerous when you see all their play makers now though Smither now. But the, the finishing ability of him, this team that you always felt like they would start out great and then they would kind of limp to the finish of, of these games. He never felt a hundred percent on them. And now, now it just feels like they can extend leads. They're a game behind Detroit. The lions are like, we've won nine straight, how do we not have a bigger lead than this? Right? So I would say, I would say Barkley number one for me. What do you have? I would say, well this is down the list a little bit. Although in terms of like next year for fantasy Cortland Sutton outta nowhere, right? 90 plus yards and three of his last five games touchdowns all over the place. Bo Nicks, Cortland Sutton, maybe a top five hookup in f Like which, which first round wide receiver that everybody swung and and missed on. Would you take over Cortland Sutton at this point? There's not too many. All those 30 to $40. DJ Moore, Jalen waddle types. The other thing is he's made tough catches. Yeah. Like he'll make touchdown catches in the corner with two guys on him getting the feet in. Yeah, he's good. They, the other one I'd wanna mention for this is Jackson Smith, the jig boat, the, the Seattle guys 3 36 yards in the last three weeks, but feels like every time they need a first down. Anytime it's third and eight, third and 11, third and seven, he's open somewhere he is making a play and he is the best receiver on that team. Now that was who's delivering, presented by Uber Eats where you can get the best deals on game day food all season long. Uber Eats, the official on demand delivery partner of the NFL Order Now.


Taking a break for the podcast. This episode is brought to you by SimpliSafe. It is football season, which means the holidays are coming up and actually SimpliSafe is already having a Black Friday sale. So if you're worried about the safety of your home and family, now is the time to get home security. I personally like to use SimpliSafe because they can stop intruders before they break into your home. That's kind of the goal. I think they take home security to the next level. their active guard outdoor protection. It's not an old school system. They only take action when somebody is already in your house. No, that's not SimpliSafe. They take action before somebody gets in your house. There's no long term contracts, No cancellation fees. It's around $1 a day and it gives me peace of mind and helps me and my family feel protected. So take advantage of this Black Friday sale this week only. Right now you can take 60% off any new system with a select professional monitoring plan. Hit to SimpliSafe dot com slash bs two, claim your discount and make sure your home is safe this season. Keep your home, your family, and your peace of mind protected with SimpliSafe. Again, go to SimpliSafe dot com slash bs That is SimpliSafe with two eyes. There's no safe like SimpliSafe.


This episode is brought to you by the all new Reimagined Nissan kicks from the bolt new exterior to the performance and tech features like intelligent all-wheel drive and a Bose personal plus sound system. Cars where I live, I live in the Los Angeles area and cars are one of the most important things you can have. 'cause you're in them a lot because you gotta drive around all over the place. You know what's fun? To have a nice car for an everyday commute to have music and the ability to do hands-free stuff. And just to feel safe, you can do it. Drive the all new reimagined Nissan kicks today. Head over to Nissan USA to learn more. Bose Personal plus sound system is an available feature. Bose is a registered trademark in the Bose Corporation. Intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


So speaking of JSN Seahawk 16 Cardinal six, this game killed me. Yeah, I think you had a lot more riding on this one. I could tell by our texts. I like the Cardinals a lot. The game came down to two terrible Kyler Murray plays. That's really it. I mean, Gino threw a pick in the end zone, but you factor that in when you're taking the Seahawks, you know he is gonna have one terrible pass, right? Kyler had been playing pretty well and pretty responsibly. The game flips in third quarter on this fourth and one where he rolls out and then he has the guy, he just has them for a little five yard flip pass and sales are right over his head. And it's a pick six. And they were on the Seattle side and it just, it was like at least a 10 point swing.


That was one. And then the other one, he just missed McBride when they're driving in the fourth quarter where if they had scored, they would've been able to get the ball potentially back with four minutes left. But here, here's where I landed, Sal, I don't know if I have, who's your career leader in God? Damnit. Why the hell did I bet on that guy guys? Because I think Kyler ISS number one for me. He sucked me in nine different times where he is done this to me. And I always forget, it's like, it's like one of your friends who just has terrible taste in women and dates the same type of woman over and over again. And you're like, right, why'd you, why isn't that girl like Jenny from before?


No, no. She's different. And it's like, ah, you're right. Same thing. Yeah. I just, I can't quit Kyler Murray just getting kicked in the teeth by him. Mine's Philip Rivers. Well, I mean Phil Rivers or Matt Ryan. I'm not even sure they're different people actually. I think they might be the same. Yeah, but it it was those two currently there's just so many, I couldn't even name one, but you're right. He was three for 12. If he had little better of a game and they would've won. Yeah. Three for 12 and third downs and still favored to win that division at plus 1 55 still favored 16 pressures on him during the game by Seattle. Five Sacks. Their defense.


Raheem was calling on this on The Ringer Sunday pregame show today. He was saying how he thought Seattle's defense was coming on. They did get some guys back in the middle. The thing that shocked me, one of the reasons I really liked Arizona was that I thought they'd be able to run up the middle and really run on them. And especially with Connor Physical, it was type of team that Seattle's had a lot of trouble with this season and they, Connor had eight yards, right? But they locked him down. They, that Arizona scoring only six points is kind of crazy. That team has talent. But this a must, that was the first time win. This is a must win for Seattle, right? This would've been five in a row at home. And only the Cowboys do that like so. Right. I I I I'm not even sure and it looks like FanDuel's not sure either that Seattle is back to, you know, they're Marshawn Lynch days.


Really? They're not even favorite to win after taking this game. The only team I'm willing to cross off mentally, I wouldn't cross them off with Pen, but with maybe with pencil is I think the Niners are just a wrap. Oh yeah. I don't see it. I it's just, and we do this every year with, with at least one NFL team where we're just, we're past performance judging them and we don't wanna see what we're watching now. They've lost too many guys. They're not the same team. and it wasn't even that they didn't have Purdy today. Their defense got annihilated. Yeah. The Packers The Packers ran it. Jacobs was the best guy in the field. They couldn't, they couldn't get their defense off the field. So even if Purdy had played or not, I don't think it would've changed the result. Do you too many injuries when McCaffrey was hurt, right?


They had like, you know, they had good fill-ins. That was fine. They, they, you know, they kept their heads above water and then like, all right, IUK is out. All right, it's all right. They still have, you know, oh well Debo Samuel hasn't done anything. Well Juwan then you convince yourself Juwan Jennings is great now it's like, wow. They have really nothing offensively if kiddo's gonna play every other game. And, but the one thing I thought today is like, didn't you feel like I'm not betting the Packers? 'cause we haven't praised Kyle Shanahan in, in years and this could be the game where he puts it together a nice game plan for Brandon Allen. Nope, nope, nope. Not even close. It's over. So I had the Packers for million dollar picks, then Purdy got hurt and the line went up and I was like, this has all the makings of a stay away in real life.


The line's up too high, Shannon. So I wasn't gonna bet it. And then the Washington game happened. I'm like, alright, Broncos with, with the Packers, good for you. Let's go. Just throwing teams together to try to win money back. But I, I still like this Packers team. And I know even today, like love wasn't great today. He was fine, but he, he missed, he got, he had Watson had, what do we make of Watson? Is he just like, I was texting our fantasy guys, Danny, Danny and Craig about it. I was just like, like is this guy has he killed more fantasy teams and seasons than any rain? He is not like, he's like a marquee receiver.


But this past today he is wide open. He is running like a gazelle. He is beating two guys. It's right in his hands and he just like muffs it like the dude from the Replacements. But anyway, that, that was love's big, big touchdown that he didn't get. Yeah. But I thought they looked pretty good. Yeah, they did. And you know, they stomped out whatever offense the 49 ERs had, so it didn't matter. And they had good field position most of the way. But yeah, like they're, they're definitely a playoff team. They're definitely not as good as I think we get accustomed and we'll talk about the Vikings, but you think teams like Green Bay and Minnesota should crush other teams like the Lions do every week and they don't until this week when Green Bay stepped up.


But you know what, you did a smart thing because two, you, you just can't rely on bad quarterbacks. So it's a miracle that Levy won. It's a miracle that Cooper Rush won and then you're like, all right, that's out of the way. This is, this is filling out nicely. Right? I'm gonna go against Brandon Allen and who else did you go against Minsu? That's a nice little couple of why. Denver was one of my favorite all favorites. All week. We had them a million dollar picks teased with Washington and Casey. Two, two teams that almost lost. I should just, good job done the Broncos money line. I love the Broncos against the Raiders. So the, the Packers are somehow eight and three. Yeah. Doesn't feel like an eight and three season, but that it says that's their record.


So they're gonna be no worse than a six seed. And I think you wanna be the seed this year because that means you're either playing the NFC South Atlanta or Tampa or you're playing, you know, Seattle, Arizona. I mean those 2 7 6 plays the two, the six plays. The six plays. The three, three seats gonna be either N West or NFC South. Yeah, that's fine. So they're right where they need to be. But then here the seed you also, oh, do they recede after the, in the round two? They do. Yeah. This is, I have to play Detroit round two. Yep. Yeah. But no, this is, so maybe you wanna be the five seed. Well I, it, well thinking about it, if is Minnesota a favorite at Atlanta?


If, if it's at that's a first round match. I mean I, I wish Minne, I wish I can get into Minnesota. I can't bet them any weeks. And they're a weird team. Like Donald goes for three 30 but Jefferson only has 27. I dunno he had seven at the end of the regulation. Yeah. So that's right. Our seeds right now would be two seven Philly, Washington, three six Seattle, green Bay, four, five, Atlanta, Minnesota. Right. And I think you're right. I think Minnesota is like a two and a half point favorite if we don't know what's gonna happen in the next five, six weeks. Seattle Green Bay. So you go through Green Bay's schedule the rest of the way.


First of all this Miami game, they have Thursday night now actually a week ago I wouldn't have said this was that fun of a game. Now I'm kind of excited for it. Lots of fun. Yeah. The way two would look today, right. All of a sudden that's a good game. And then they're at Detroit the next week, then they're at Seattle. So this could go from eight and three to eight and six in, you know, in, in two and a half weeks. And then they play at Minnesota in week 17 too. So, you know, they could be all, I think you're right about the seven seed getting, having nine wins in which in that case Green Bay doesn't have to worry about falling to seven. No they'll get to 10 and plus your team could potentially make it shut up. But Daniel, so with Daniel Jones, Daniel Jones leads the cowboys.


Daniel Jones is Jerry Jones illegitimate son. And we learn about it on Thanksgiving. I can't believe it. How did they do that? Speaking of the Seahawks, really good interception title battle going on right now we have a three-way tie at 11 with Gino and Mahomes and Love and then your guy Sam Darn your preseason pick. When we did our futures draft, you had Sam Darwin, what was it like, 10 to one? I think so. Yeah. Yeah, it was somewhere around that nine. One time he said 10. He's only one back. He's got 10. Somehow Goff isn't in the top four. He had five picks in a game. It doesn't Yeah, didn't, didn't have, I thought Caleb Williams would be up there too. It's a, you know, just shaking off the rookie rust.


But he had four weeks where he didn't have a touchdown or an interception. Yeah, he's, did he have one today? What did he have? What did he had a what did a touchdown today. What did he had? Oh yeah, he had one. The DJ Moore. Yeah. You know why I know that? Because I benched DJ Moore there. The, the Seahawks. They're at the Jets amid. Could Aaron Rogers be cut rumors? Would Aaron, if Aaron Rogers got cut before December before the Netflix thing came out, what would the odds have been on that in August? Aaron Rogers will be cut, will be healthy, but cut before December.


A hundred to one 50 to one. Would you have said no? Two one basket. He's a basket case. Five to one. Of course that's a pop five to one. Yeah. Why not? Yeah, he or cut, I I, I'd feel he walked away from the, from the game. That's what I would think would happen. But I said enough about him. But I don't think they're planning it around any Netflix release at this point. Yeah, he is got, he is gonna have the phantom injury just like we all said. And that'll be that it's probably gonna be this week against Seattle. Yeah, it's a home Jets game. So that's Seattle's first game. Gino Smith back at back at the old team. Yep. Then they're at Arizona Rematch Home Green Bay Home Minnesota at Chicago at the Rams.


So we had, I went back and looked at all the future bets I made. Yeah. And I think I had the most bets on Seattle, which I, I might have made a mistake and accidentally bet on their over twice. Oh really? Yeah, but I had them most on their over to make the playoffs and to win the division. I had the trifecta and I thought it was dead two weeks ago. I think that's, and I dunno what think that's the only, it's the only division that's gonna come down to week 18. I mean I don't see how it doesn't Yeah, at this point, I mean these five and five teams, six and five, they're gonna split everything the rest of the way and it's gonna be for positioning final week in Ja. First one in January. Alright, so our Sunday night NBC week 18 game.


What do they have? Seattle at the Rams. Oh. Or Arizona against San Francisco. So it could be Seattle at the Rams. That feels very, you gotta go with the quarterbacks. Yeah. I mean if Purdy is still upright then maybe it has a chance. But I think you're right. I. think Seattle if the Rams are a game back. Yeah, it all depends right? They, they have to be playing for something. So the Niners game nine, the Niners lose by 28, McCaffrey's 11 for 31 37 yards receiving and has had one of the most disappointing fantasy seasons in a while considering he came back. But there was some Green Bay Dobbs got a concussion probably no Alexander.


And they're playing Thursday on Thanksgiving. Right. So we'll see what happens with that San Francisco. Yeah. But the Dolphins have a huge handicap in that they're gonna be playing in something less than 72 degrees. Oh it's gonna be freezing. Yeah. I can't wait to talk about that. It's gonna be a fun one. And then San Francisco's at Buffalo, which could be, they're five and six. That could be it. That's it. That's it. Anyway. Look at the rest of the, even beyond that week. Yeah, it's really bad. You mentioned Vikings Bears. Ugh. So they play the Vikings play Detroit in week 18 and they're only a game back.


It's not, it's not inconceivable that that game would decide the one seed, but I watched these Vikings games and it, this, I felt this way for a month. I'm sure you have too, where you're like, what? How are they doing this? Yeah. Today it looked like they blew the game 'cause they didn't get the onside kick. But then Donald was awesome in OT and that was why they won. All of a sudden Donald like really heated up and he's done this a couple times. I can't tell. Do you think he's sucking us in like Flaco did last year or this is more real? He might a little bit, but you know, just like you said, you were surprised that the Packers had what, eight wins. I can't believe this team has nine wins. They struggle with all the teams at the Lions and their game behind the Lions.


Like you said, they struggled with all the teams that the Lions just obliterated. Right. The Titans, the Jaguars, it all came down to like, you know, this was a fourth quarter game and, and, and even this one, like the Bears, I had the Bears plus three and a half. I know you don't like that, but I did have it at three and a half and it, it, it came, it came down to the kick that, I mean you have to take away three points on the bear spread every week because the special teams, it's so bad. I've never seen a punt return to wave everybody off and then get hit by the punt himself and turn over. They're never done my life. The montage of them at the end of the season would be pretty great. Yeah. So on our Sunday pregame show, you're wise wager, right?


You're 10 and two now. Yes. You had the Bears three and a half. It was three and a half at 7 57 we start the show at eight Pacific time. Yeah. And at eight 10 the line went to three. I don't know if you moved the line or what happened. I think I did move it and then they, but pay credit for it. I'm gonna say I, I I'm announced three and a half and then you text like this spread is three everywhere the spread Nazi Bill Simmons weighs in. So I was like, what are we gonna do? We have graphics everywhere. This is TV spread Nazi. I don't know, you know, you make music documentaries, you don't understand sports where you have to put the graphics on as they're going. But that's how it is. So, hey, if you said it was three at three and a half at 7 57. Thank you.


That's when you guys were starting the show. I'm just pretty lucky. 7 57 bed. That's all. That's what I call pretty lucky break. So Minnesota, they played three games in a row at Jacksonville, at Tennessee, at Chicago. Yeah. And they won those games by five, by 10 and by three in overtime in week nine they beat the Colts 2113. In week five they beat the jets 2317. And in week four they won at Green Bay. 31 to 29. They've not had a blowout win since week three. When they beat Houston, their next three games are at home. Yeah. Arizona, Atlanta, Chicago on a Monday night. All super winnable at Seattle Home, green Bay at Detroit to finish it.


I dunno what their final record's gonna be. It could be like 14 and three. Yeah, I know. And they have all these one score wins and you, I guess you can compare it to two years ago with cousins when they had all the one score wins. Yeah. But they, they won the division and they were a high seat. Right. That year. This, this time they're gonna have to do it on the road. So are they gonna sur when are they gonna surprise us when they blow it or when they just march all the way to the Super Bowl? I think this is a better team than that cousin's team. Really? Hmm. Yeah, because the Aaron Jones piece, they have two good receivers. Hawkinson finally came back. I feel like they can move the ball when they actually need to. And Donald, I, I wanna not believe it, but he's, you know, we've seen guys, the Gino Baker, like there, there's a track record for this now.


Worst case scenario, probably Case Keen. Yeah. Who was also in Minnesota. I just, I just can't explain how Jefferson has 20, he didn't get hurt, did he? Am I mi maybe I I missed that. He sat out, did not. Well there was one play in the, in the second half he had like a, like a 60 yard touchdown. We tiptoed down the line and scored and got called back. Called back. All right. So I think that was, that was his big one. Okay. Chiefs Panthers is another one we have to talk about. Hmm. Chiefs 37 Panthers 27. This was the other sweated out part of the tease that was actually 30 27. Yeah. Hitting. Yeah. Actually hitting as the Washington game was.


Right. So I have two things on this one. One is that Casey is just Milton Burling at every week now. Yeah. They're barely pulling it out of the zipper in these games. And then it's like, oh, all right you guys tied and got the two point. Okay now Mahomes just like flying around. They're throwing to Kelsey but it just feels like they're trying to get to January when you watch them. With that said, Hopkins got going a little today worthy. Apparently they have Hollywood Brown coming back. Kelsey, this gray always seems to make one big catch. They can run the ball. Their offense looks like it's in better way, better shape than it was a year ago.


Yeah. Do are any concern with them yet? Because I don't have any. Well I'm, it's interesting 'cause I'm both unimpressed with KC and, but I'm also like you, I won't say Milton Burl. I mean we, this we have plenty of dick jokes in this podcast, but I'll use a more PG 13. I think it's more, I think they were like, they were like playing. It's like when you play horse with your 7-year-old son and you spot him HORS. Yeah. But then you don't want 'em to win. So you try to, all right, I'm gonna start doing lefty hook shots and everything. 'cause you can't ultimately let 'em win. I think that's what they did. But also what the, what's going on? Like they had like Mahomes had like 180 yards passing at at half. Yeah. They had 10 points in the first quarter.


It looked like they could score 50. Can they just get back to that after a loss? Do they have to make you sweat it out like this? Mahomes, we have, one of the future's bets that we did when we did our future draft was Mahomes to get to 4,000 yards. Oh, he is not, it's gonna be No, it's gonna be tight. This is gonna be, I think he can do it. He's, he's got a average, like he's close to, he's over 2,400 right now. So he is gotta average, I don't know, like 2, 2 60 a game the rest of the way. But I can't believe I'm sweating that out. Mahomes gonna play every, every game. 17 games and that throw for 4,000 yards. Yeah. They're gonna, they're gonna go 15 and two and he is gonna be stuck at like 3,700 yards.


Yeah. But you know, until Noah Gray starts dating Olivia, Rodrigo, I don't think the world is gonna be Right. That'd be great. Or Sabrina Carpenter. Yeah. That's one thing. The other thing is I thought Bryce Young was good in this game. Yeah. Especially in the second half. I I thought there were plays where they, apparently he was 11 for 13 on blitzes. That was the stat I saw on the internet. But there were plays where it just, you kept waiting for him to make a terrible Bryce Young Pass or a tip player. But he had a lot of poise. He delivered on some third and longs. Yeah. Some gutty, third down conversions. Yep. Moved around, bought himself time.


I don't remember a situation like this. It, we've seen a guy lose his mojo on a team where it seemed like it was over and then he went to another team, but not in the same season with the same team is pretty unusual. It is bizarre. I think we both thought Andy Dalton, but this was his team for the rest of the year. Right. Yeah. And then I, I don't know. It's not the same as what's going on with Richardson. Although I don't even know what's going on with Richardson. 'cause they brought him back. Right. He was bad. He was bad today. Not good, but tough matchup. Yeah. So, no, I'm impressed with him. I mean, as long as he doesn't embarrass himself and he is not even close to doing that. He's putting up points and staying close with Kansas City. Put them in the seven seat.


They're getting it before the Cowboys Carolina. There we go. The weird thing about this, so Dalton has the job and they're playing okay with him. and it looks like he's, and they're talking about can you trade for Bryce Young? Are they gonna wave him after the Yeah. Like what's, trade him to the Giants before you go to overseas. Yeah. Dalton gets in a car accident, right. And he's with his wife and all three of his kids and they're driving home from the school pickup and they get in an accident and it's like they're banged up, but nothing like too bad. Like they weren't like airlifted to the hospital or anything, but it was like bad enough that he didn't play that week. Right. So young. Right. They have to, they were like, what else are we gonna do?


I guess we gotta start Bryce Young, this guy who's confidence we just murdered. So the only reason he gets his job back is this bizarre, you know, fender bender with Andy Dalton leaving his kid's school and now he's gonna have the job the rest of the way. Why you think it Bryce Young, what you're saying? You, you think Bryce Young should be brought in for questioning? Interesting. I hadn't even considered that. Wow. That's good you said it. I didn't. No, it was just, I, I can't remember a weirder just saga than this. It is strange, but, and you know, has, it gets an offender bender. Like he is like us driving our, you know, like you picking up Harrison. Yeah. And now he doesn't have his job anymore. That like, not since Tyro Taylor getting stabbed by the team doctor. Has there been a weirder way for a guy to lose the job that, that franchise, we should pay more attention between that owner and everything else that goes on with that franchise?


They're, they're right, right up there. Yeah. They're not like Clippers. They're not Donald Sterling Clippers yet, but they're, they get there. We'll take one more break for the podcast.


This episode is brought to you by LinkedIn. As a small business owner, every new hire added to your team needs to make an immediate impact. Think of CJ Stroud in his rookie year, how he transformed the Texans with limited hiring resources. You don't have the luxury of getting it wrong. You need to feel confident that your candidate is going to perform when the game is done. The line with LinkedIn jobs, you can, as the world's largest professional network, LinkedIn gives you access to more than a billion professionals with the unique skills and experience you need, chances are your next standout star is one of them. A qualified candidate ready to put in the work that makes an immediate impact on your business. On LinkedIn, 86% of small businesses get a qualified candidate within 24 hours. So hire professionals like a professional on LinkedIn. Hire the right person for your role and post your job for free. Go to LinkedIn dot com slash simmons, that's LinkedIn dot com slash simmons to post your job for free terms and conditions apply.


This episode is brought to you by Chase Sapphire Reserve. Seeing a band or your favorite sports team in person is great, but it could be even better with the Chase Sapphire Reserve card. It can help turn every moment into an unforgettable experience with early access tickets to concerts and sporting events and access to some of the best seats in the house. You'll also earn three times the points on travel and dining purchases. Find your next experience with Chase Sapphire Reserve. Learn more at chase.com/sapphire. Reserve cards issued by JP Morgan Chase Bank. NA member FDIC. Subject to credit approval terms apply.


Couple more games I wanted to hit. Titans Texans Titans. Beat the Texans. Texans have a, I think lockdown the shaky game now. I don't think there's any stopping them. Yeah, it's a wrap now. There's seven and five. Everybody in the A FFC wants to play them in round one. Right. They're really singularly unimpressive. Will Levi, who even when he's playing well still has to throw a pick six to the other team. Like he can't help himself and fumble and does that, but, and somehow Tennessee wins. Anyway. You guys talked about this game a lot in the Sunday pre-game. We all, Adam Adam, it had a whiff to it. Yeah, we, well first of all, there's always one a FC south game that we like.


Nah, the first place team has to beat the fourth place team and it and it doesn't hold true. Secondly, the Titans, like even though they had no business winning this, their defense is really good. Yeah. Like by every metric, they're either first, second or third in passing red zone. Take a look at rushing. They held the Texans to 260 yards and 40 yards rushing. I don't know what's, what's what with CJ str. I hope that he hasn't been figured out because everyone's like, oh there's enough tape on him. I'm like, no, I don't wanna hear that. But three touchdowns, five interceptions in the last five games. It'll be enough to win the A FC South. But my God, you're right. This is definitely the team you wanna play. Does it ever look like he has a ton of time?


Yeah. When you watch, it always seems like he's backpedaling or he is under duress and just Titans Bring it though. Yeah. He wasn't that dur against my cowboys. Yeah. They missed the 28 yard field goal to tie the game. Right. And then they did have the ball back near the end and he pulled a orlowski and they ended up getting his safety. So that was nice. You know, they hung around. They gave up an 80 yard touchdown in the fucking tight end. When does that ever happened? It was a weird one, but a classic. A FC south camp then Bronco's Raiders, the Vegas now has seven straight losses and Bobby Bakala, Antonio Pierce was playing with his trains on the sidelines again as his team was trying to cover and somehow didn't Broncos plus or minus five and a half Raiders guy gets tackled on the one yard line with like 12 seconds left.


They somehow don't score first and goal 20 seconds left. What's the, what's the odds of the Raiders covering do you think? They just need, they need to score first and goal 20 seconds left. No timeout. So they're gonna pass, they're gonna pass and maybe run. He could q be sneak. You're probably getting it. But it, the funnier thing was that they're just running like a non two minute drill down 10 where everyone else usually kicks the field goal when it gets to like the thirties. So you have more time. Right. They're taking their time going down, trying to make plays. It honestly looked like he was just trying to cover and it, but he had given up on winning the game. The coach was, but Desmond Ritter's like, you know what, I'm not doing this. I'm not for the moral victories. I'll throw the fade out of the end zone and then I'm gonna get sacked and that'll be that.


I'm not even gonna rush to the odds. Ru rush to the line. So there three quarterbacks, Minsu O'Connell and the Ridler. Damon Desmond Riter. The big three 11 touchdowns. 11 picks. That's, could we have a quarterback better or have more picks than touchdowns this season? It's in play. Oh, that'll be fun. That's like what we grew up with. Yeah. We're like Richard Todd would've 16 touchdowns and 27 interceptions. Yeah, that's right. It can I read you an unbelievable stat? Yeah. The Raiders have lost eight straight to rookie quarterbacks. So they are now That's an actual stat. That's a stat. Yeah, that's a was from ESPN.


So they're like the enhancement talent. They're like the SD Jones now. Like if you wanna get, oh, if you wanna make Bo Nicks look good, if you wanna make Bo Nickol look good like in the UFC, you'll put him up against like what would be the Raiders of the UFCI think they're more Frankie Williams. Frankie Williams got his ass kicked on Piper Spit. He really, Piper really destroyed Guy. Guy. Top three moment of me growing up, sadly. So Vegas has lost seven straight. Pretty much guaranteed a top three. This was in the ESPN, the summary of the game. It said what we learned about the QB today. This is an actual paragraph. While Gardner Minchi threw a game turning third, third quarter, interception his 10th and Aiden O'Connell broken right thumb is now eligible to come off Ir.


A short week means Minsu probably still starts at Kansas City unless his left shoulder injury is worse than expected. Desmond Ritter. Anyone question mark. He was strip sacked upon entering the game, denying the Raiders their best attempt to tie the game. This is a fucking shit show. It's one thing to have bad quarterbacks. Why can't these guys side Daniel Jones? Because I guess they don't want to, they wanna be bad, right? That writeup is, it's like a, like a game changer for little League. Like, tries to be nice when they're like, yeah, they made seven errors, but you know, a mighty comeback. And they only ended up losing. But Bobby had a couple strong swings. He picked his nose, he ate some boogers, but then botched it in the bottom of the seventh.


Yeah. I, I, I don't know. Yeah, of course they wanna lose, but they, they have so much to do this. I don't know what the, I don't think they'll ever be good. Why do I always bet them like, why the fuck, why am I still on this team all the time? You had them to make the playoffs or just over to make the playoffs? I'm an idiot. That was my big swing and miss. I have like 10 swings and misses. Yeah. Kyle, turn the TikTok camera on Uhoh. So Vegas is gonna have a top three pick. I would assume their coach Bobby Bala is not, not gonna, he is gonna go back to be an Uncle Junior's driver after the season. They're gonna need a coach. They need a quarterback.


This has Sura Sanders and Dion Sanders written all over it. Do it like all over it. And by the way, I'm here for it. Yeah. The Vegas Raiders with Dion and his son. Like I'm, I'm in. That would be great. The merch would be the number one merch. The Sanders like hard knocks 10 year contract. Like, let's, let's go. What are we waiting for? I'm with you. Mark Davis is nothing like, you know, people are saying Shado and Dion go to Dallas. Not gonna happen. 'cause Jerry, Mark Davis is nothing like Jerry. First of all, his hair is beautiful. It really is impeccable. Secondly, he doesn't care who gets the spotlight. He just wants to be Raiders. That is the perfect, perfect move for them. Shado and Dion do it.


People, people like Shado too. Yeah. Yeah. They, they, they talk about tough. He is athletic, like he's a leader. Brings a bunch of stuff to the table. Table Broncos seven and five. Sean Payton fist pumps at the end of the game. They have Cleveland next week, bi week indie at the Chargers at Cincy. And then week 18, home KC in a game where I assume KC will have the one seed locked up and whoever their backup, who's their backup quarterback? This is it. Whoever it is. She's playing in week 18. Yeah.


Why can't I think so Denver looks like a 10 win team. It's amazing. We talked about this in the over under po before the year and it was, you know, they had a lot of the, a lot of the makings of a possible like sneaky seven seed. But I, the defense looked so bad on paper it didn't make sense. But Carson went, by the way, for, for the Chiefs. But I, I'm with you. Oh, the red rocket. Yeah. So he'll, he'll get one more shot at at gold, but I, I don't What do you think the align, what their odds are to make the playoffs? I was looking at this before we hopped on Denver. Probably like minus one 30. Oh wow. You're good. It's minus 1 54.


I thought it'd be much higher. Like, aren't they gonna be to me? Like they're good. They're decent. They can move the ball. They play defense. Well, coached as far as like, they're well coached. They're, they're not gonna embarrass you on national television. Right. They have a Monday night game coming up. It's like the networks are happy to have them. Yeah. I think this is a good team. They're not gonna get to 10. I have to re reorder my, my I I'm not sure like who's gonna beat them out at this point. Not the cults. Right. And I feel like I've watched a lot of Broncos 'cause we get these late games on the west coast. Yeah. And there's only like three or four games. So I feel like I've seen like a lot of their games. And first of all, Nicks has gotten, he is just night and day from that Jets game when he threw for 60 yards.


It's like a different human being. But he's kind of a badass. Like he talks shit. They had that right. He ran a replay today and he's just screaming at the of the team. Now granted he is like a 30-year-old rookie. He's like Scott Bula necessary roughness. Right? But he's, I, the way he carries himself, he doesn't carry himself like a rookie. He's gotten better week to week. I think he has real chemistry with Cortland Sutton, which you mentioned earlier. And I don't know, I could see them in the playoffs and I, I wouldn't, if they're in the playoffs, I wouldn't be like, oh I can't wait to bet against Denver. Like I think they're pretty frisky. Well this is a question. If you put the Chargers in right, you're gonna put, who else are you gonna put in?


You're gonna put the Steelers in it's Chargers. Ravens. Ravens or Steelers. And then, so it's the Bengals. They have to beat out the Bengals, but the Bengals are like plus three 50. They play the Bengals. Yeah. So that's gonna be an interesting, there's another team. Who else? The Dolphins. I'll say the cults. Yeah. I think they go away this week. But we'll see if they, I, you know, I agree. 'cause it's cold weather. But if they can somehow pull off this Green Bay game Yeah, it gets pretty, it gets pretty fun for them because they'd have the Jets at home, which is suddenly a way easier game than it looked like. When we had this written down before the season when we were talking about they're over under, this looked like a death stretch, right? Where when at Green Bay Home Jets at Houston, home San Francisco at Cleveland at the Jets.


It was like, oh my God. It's brutal now. It's like both of those Jets, games, games, San Francisco, like I at Cleveland, none of those games are hard except this Green Bay game. Right. So, you know, all they have to do is get to 10 and seven. I get, I mean much like the, the Vikings, like I still don't know how they're not doing this with their best player. Like Jefferson can't, hasn't been lighting it up and neither has Tyreek Hill. Yeah. I mean you got this John who, Smith who's, they should just trade paychecks at this point. Like, or maybe Tyreek Hilton needs to get arrested every week because he doesn't show up for these games. And I don't know, I just, I think they'll be stuck at eight or nine wins. But like this Denver team, we'll see if they lose this Green Bay game, it's gonna be a lot, they'll basically have to sweep the rest of the way, I think.


Right. Because they would be five and seven at that point. The good news for them is in the pregame show for NBC today, Jason Garrett was raving about Tua who was really good today and compared him to Magic Johnson. Right. The way he was spreading the ball around. And at that point, I don't know if NBC has this person on staff, but they, they probably should be like one of those giant things that cops use to tase suspects. That's where somebody should just run on the set and just tase Garrett. Yeah. Well, but in his defense, he would still be smiling if he was electrocuted by a taser. Like, ah, that's great. Ah, yeah, he's, he's his defense.


He's an idiot. I think that's all you can really say. Yeah. I forgot there, there's that. I mean there, there, there are like four taser moments for Jason Garrett and like when they're going over the highlights and Baker Mayfield's making fun of making fun of Tommy DeVito and doing the had thing. And Jason Garrett's like, how about a little helping a GBA goul? And then he is laughing, laughing like a school girl. And I'm like, not that I'm offended because he made an Italian reference. I'm offended that he's the worst head coach of our generation and he is talking at me through my television set. That's why I can't stand it. Well I I offended that he said Gba goul correctly. And I didn't when I was That's half Italian. That's Yeah, I know. I like you and you're half Italian, so that's a difference.


Well, Miami looked good today, but they were playing the Patriots. I thought the Patriots were a live dog today. That the game would be close and that they'd be able to move the ball up and down the field. And nephew Kyle watched the game with me and can attest. I was about as locked in as I've been in a while in a Pat's game. Well they did move the ball down the field. Maybe not up and down. It was, it was down the field the other direction. They had nine first half penalties. Right. But the really special thing is six of the nine were pre-snap. Right. Which is basically like, we don't practice. So you have pre-snap. It's like that's, that's what, like if you're a high school team in the ninth grade left tackle keeps forgetting that it's on two instead of on three, it's six pre-snap penalties.


They got set, may got sacked four times but was running for his life. Half the game had two turnovers. One was May's fault, one wasn't, and it got tipped. Mayo loses a challenge. Did you see this? Yes. I know what you're gonna say. They throw to wa for, for the viewers, they throw to a waddle for 19 for a first down and there's also a pass interference on the play. So it's a first down either way for the Dolphins, but it looks like the ball hits the ground. MEO says fuck it and challenge is the catch to I guess save 14 yards. Right. And then they, they said no, it was a catch. So we lost our challenge on a play that would've been a first down anyway for dolphin.


Like you see stuff every week with this team that you just never see before we, we had the same left tackle had three pre-snap penalties. Yeah. In the, in the first half. He won't, he, he, this coach is really something else. Like I was like, ah, you're oh you're exaggerating. But you saw his like, comment in the post game presser. They, he said, oh, there's not much I could do. Once they crossed the white line, it's like, oh my God, you're not supposed to say that. You definitely didn't say that in the interview. Like of course there's both just like you said, they should be coached better and then they wouldn't be having these pre-snap penalties. Like, well there's not much. That's like you and I saying, well why would we do a podcast? Let the players do the talking and then we'll see what the records are at the end of the year.


What the hell is he doing this team? It's so frustrating. 'cause I really think Drake's good and they'll start every, every drive with Yeah. Run into the middle for one or there'll be a false start. Now it's first and 15 or it's a run play where the guy gets tackled four yards band. Like I've never seen a team have more second and 14 second and nine second and 15 second and 12. Yeah. And just over and over again they're behind the eight ball. And then when they actually make a play, like they're driving, Drake throws a really nice play. Remind your Bs the tackle they get 20. Nope. That's coming back holding penalty. Just this team that saddled on with the worst coaches and the worst offensive line and wide receivers that can barely catch the ball.


and it, like, part of me is wondering like, are we even, I, I've now reverted back to should we just sit him for the rest of the season so he doesn't get hurt because it's this bad. But then you watch him and he'll have these series like he did with the Rams last week, where it's like he might win this game by himself. So I, I don't know what to think. Well, you, I I, you should think that you're gonna bet them over four and a half wins. 'cause you know they're gonna surprise you a couple more times. They'll really end and you'll is like nine picks. Yeah. This game today, the, the on both sides, you know, it just shouldn't be like last week they're just blitzing Stafford over and over again. It's like rule number one, don't blitz Stafford. They're just like doing it the whole game. Right.


Today they just seemed completely blindsided by the disc jockey. Disc jockey was like, he was really spinning the tooth today. He was like, oh right. Yeah. Miami sound machine. You got it going. Yeah. I, I don't know. Like look, there, there are some coaches who like just pull some bullshit and then they get away with it. Like Sirianni. Yeah. I don't know. Like Barkley's so good. They're gonna win regardless of his nonsense. Yeah. Like that, that crazy not, not to take it back to that game, but when he was like end of the first half. Yeah, no, when that whole thing with the, with third and 13 or or fourth and three. Right. And then they bring that to send them back to third 13. He's like, no, no, no, no, no. It's like, but it worked.


No, no. You already said no, you can't come to Thanksgiving. Our table's full. You already are SVP now. Right. Like, just whatcha doing. But yeah, but he's gonna survive that. This guy Jared Mayo can't, talent's just not there. See, I don't think, I just don't think craft's gonna pay for another coach. I think we're stuck with this guy next year. The thing I, the thing I hate the most is he was such a tough player. Yeah. He was a middle linebacker. He was just a badass. And then as a coach, he just, I tweeted today, I was joking that his book would be called Scared Football. He's just scared the whole game. Yeah. It's like, oh, it's fourth and one, we better punt. You know that. And even if they're gonna like go for it on a play, it's the most predictable play ever.


When they run some sort of trick play. It's the worst trick play you've ever seen. It just, it looks like they don't practice. Yeah. And I, I think it's gonna be, I said this a few weeks ago and I'm gonna predict it again. I think it's gonna be a really hard week for in Boston because they, they were so poorly prepared and coached in the game today. I don't, I don't know how that's not the preeminent talking point of the week. These guys, just because they're good at something doesn't mean Right. Like, look at Jason Gard horrible, horrible coach. And then he goes on and is even a worse pre-game commentator. So how do you even, how could you even tell what's gonna be Well the problem is if they're not gonna fire him this year and then he's, it's not gonna really get better next year.


Maybe they can change offense coordinator. Like let's say they get day ball. Let's say they assign t Higgins, they just do those two things. Day ball's. The OC t Higgins is the wide receiver one. They get a left tackle in the draft. Like they're just noticeably better in a couple ways. It's still not gonna stop how unprepared the team looks. Yeah. That's what they, and he can, he, you can't blame the players on that when you could just have guys jumping off sides left and right. They had one play, I think it was Hoop or Henry, one of the tight ends. They had two penalties in the same play. So Dolphins like, oh, we get to choose. Right. But one of 'em was, the tight end was, he was just a foot, like his whole foot was over the line of scrimmage.


He was just, he was basically like where the Dolphins were. It's that's fine. How are you lined up this way? You guys are professional football players. Miami didn't have a penalty for two hours. I I think you're, it's really bad. Well, I don't know if you're wrong because there's no way to tell, there's no precedent to tell if Craft will fire a coach because you had an Unfillable coach for so long. Right. But I don't think he's gonna be like Jerry Jones where he was just gonna take shots every week and everyone's gonna be like, what is wrong with this guy? And he is just gonna sit there and take it. He's used to winning so he'll make a change. Vrabel was a really good coach who had real ties to the pats and everybody always thought he would follow a Belichick. And he is sitting there right now. And I think the fear is you don't get Vrabel. You do another year with Mayo.


It's just as bad next year. And now Vrabel will get one of his other jobs. He's, there's like gonna be eight jobs open. He'll get one of 'em. And then you missed out on this for chance. The only thing I had before we get to guest the lines is Bucks Giants. When you mentioned Tampa trying to steal the NFC South, here's the thing against it. Atlanta beat Tampa twice already and they have a one game lead. So I love it. They're basically two ahead of Tampa. Think about it. So, but look at that. Can't they go five in one look that do the schedule, do it. Tampa's at Carolina home. Vegas at the Chargers at Dallas Home. Carolina Home New Orleans.


Yeah. On that could be, they could get to 10 wins. Four and two. I, I know everybody slips up. But with this offense getting healthy, I think that's four and two or five and one. Do I have to worry about my NFC South bet? The division says 18 wins with six weeks left. But did you figure out how many automatic wins there are? Like how many division games? Well, there's a couple where they play each other, but I, yeah, but we have that we two. 'cause in the we, one of the ones we did was the NFC East against the NFC South. The NFC East has a three game lead over them. But the Giants probably aren't winning again. Right. And they play a couple of NFC South teams Soccer three weeks ago it was looking great. It didn't look like the Saints or the Panthers would win another game and, and the two receivers went down for Tampa.


Now you're gonna have to do a little work. I think. Let's take a break for the pod.


This episode is brought to you by Old. El. Paso. Does game day hosting feel like an extreme sport? Not anymore. With Old El Paso Feeding your Hungry Crowd is oh so easy. Old El Paso's crunchy stand and stuffed shells. Bold seasonings and squeezable sauces are fumble free, flavor packed and perfect for cheering on your team. Football season is taco season with Old El Paso. Level up your next tailgate or watch party. Shop Game Day Essentials at Old El Paso dot com.


This episode is brought to you by Peloton. Life's always changing one season. You're trying to break personal records and the next, you're just looking for a solid routine. Peloton is here for all of it with workouts that flex to fit your schedule, whatever it looks like. You've got options from four weeks strength programs to running, cycling and everything in between. Pelotons got the tools to adapt to whatever goal you're chasing in this season of your life. And here's the real kicker with Pelotons All Access membership. You can work out wherever you need to at home on the bike tread or row or even on the go with the app. Take your favorite classes with you to the gym on the road, wherever. So whatever you're aiming for that 5:00 AM club or squeezing in a late night session, Peloton is ready whenever you're find your power with Peloton at one Peloton dot com.


Week 13 Guest Alliance. I got sad today because once it's Thanksgiving it's like almost the end of the regular season in the playoffs and yeah. We're what are we 60% done with the season now What is, so this is 13 at 12 out of 18. 12 outta 20. Yeah. Oh wow. I guess 12 outta 21. Yeah. We're like 58% done with the season. Well I, yeah, I know it gets both ways, right? I'm like, I like sort of went, well first of all, Thanksgiving's my favorite holiday but then, 'cause it's just football, football, football and food. But I also can, you and I will be able to memorize most of the team's remainder of their schedule. Right. And then, but that's also very sad because there's, that only means there's a few left.


Yeah. Yeah. I think saying Thanksgiving's your favorite holiday Yeah. Is not a controversial opinion. You know, they gonna get pushed back Thanksgiving. Your favorite day I think is a better conversation. So your single favorite day. Yeah. I can't think of what will Yeah. Nothing compares except one the Cowboys allows I think's my day too. Yeah, it's great. You don't have to worry about your team losing though, right? You just got bets and food. That's fun. Well you have Cowboys Giants is our second game. It's only the fourth time in the, since the merger that these two teams have played on Thanksgiving where they both have losing records.


I believe it. So it choke on your Turkey during and that stat. Oh, I'm, I'm, I'm stu I'm setting my alarm for a nap for that game. That's for sure. What, what's our guest alliance record? Seven, seven and four. Seven four and one. I think you're better than that. Yeah. Seven, four and one. You beat your last, are you still in it? Tell go over how I can make the playoffs at four seven and it sign Daniel Jones to help you with your picks. Thanksgiving, lion's, Bears Daniel Jones is my son. Go ahead. Lions Bears in Detroit.


And I think, here's my thinking on this. I think they had to jack this up so that you couldn't tease the lions with anyone else. So even though this is probably should be lions seven and a half I think. 'cause it's Thanksgiving and everybody loves Turkey and throwing somebody in OTs in Thanksgiving, I think it has to be lions by nine. Okay, good. I get this. I said 10. They're not screwing around with the lions. It's 10 and a half. That's too high. Well hear me out. Not that I have to convince you the lions are gonna win this game, but I feel like this is the season where they get the monkey off their back in in many ways. Like Dan Campbell beat the crap out of the Cowboys for all that nonsense that went down last year in the regular season, right? Yeah.


The 49 ERs are gone so they don't even have to worry about them. And what happened in the NFC championship? They do have that whole, oh my God, we were embarrassed on Thanksgiving last year by the Packers. I think they're gonna be up for this. I don't think this that happens again. I saw a great Dan Campbell post-game speech all great as I've been pushing, I don't know why this isn't just a Twitter feed of all the post-game speeches in all the locker rooms and that's all it is. It's just game ball speeches. He gave game balls to like four people and then was talking about how they were road warriors. Did you see this? Yep. Really good. He was like, when I got here we had oh, 11 and one and all of our road games and since then we're 16 and five and all you guys in this locker room had something to do with that.


He's great. He's excellent. A great post game. Probably the number one post game speaker right now. Wouldn't you rather see the, the feed of the losing coaches give their speeches like Mayo? Yeah. How great would that be? May like, hey, you know, six preamp penalties in the first half. We gotta work on that guys. That's on me. Oh, that's on you. That's on you, you guys. No, nothing on me. Definitely on you. Yeah. So guys, when we're snapping the ball, it's like either it's on one or it's on two or it's on three and you just kind of remember when you get, when you, when you line up, right? It's gonna be two this time, then you move when it's two, it's just all numbers. We'll take, take off till Wednesday. We'll figure it out.


Unbelievable. We've been having him for another year. Cowboys giants in Dallas. I, I can't believe I'm doing this, but I think it's Cowboys by seven. Oh wow. I too low said three and a I said three and a half. It's four and a half. Yeah. Boy. Yeah. Vegas, Fandel Vegas doesn't like Dallas this year. They just put that in the Vegas zone, huh? Well, I don't know if you read anything about the Giants game today, but apparently the Giants were like this consulate after the game. Like they were all saying after they waved Daniel Jones, like, the guys' our best quarterback, why are we waving them?


And then they're, they're not even playing the second best quarterback. They're playing the third best quarterback. This is why you're not supposed to tank in the NFL. 'cause this is violent sport, right. That guys have to commit to at a certain physicality level. And when you have your franchise base, like, yeah, we're done. You know, how do you expect the team to respond to that? The coach is on his way out. The GM's on his way out. The quarterback's not gonna be there. Like I don't understand. Like I why would the Giants beat Dallas in Dallas? I I think we should just go with division game Underdog is always a spot to win here. Turkey. I really have no idea. I don't know Tommy DeVito. I I just, yeah, but it was like neighbors going off on Abel.


It was like, ask, ask Abel why I didn't get a, a reception until like, or Target until the third quarter or whatever it was. But yeah, they're a mess. But yeah, Daniel Jones is probably like, I see this guy gets sacked. I'm glad it's not me. Just get me on a playoff team there as a backup. There's one silver lining to this game, which is one of the worst quarterback matchups we've ever had on Thanksgiving. Yeah. Although Cooper Rush wasn't bad today. Tom Brady announced in this game. Oh wow. That's right. Could this be the Tom Brady heel turn game? Could this be his Walter White breaking bad, getting pushed over the edge, shaving his head performance where the quarterback play is so bad and he is so mad that he is working on Thanksgiving.


He finally becomes Tom Brady a TV analyst and he is just ripping guys. Yeah. And actually telling us like what they're doing wrong. Could it happen? Starts beating the shit outta of an intern with a Turkey leg that's put, put propped up on the set. I'll show I like it. Show you jujitsu. Do it Tom. What does he have to lose? Yeah. You know, he own bad. He owns a He's all right. Shave your head. Packers. Dolphins is our third game. It's a great game. It's in Green Bay and it's gonna be freezing cold and you're gonna see over the next four days a lot of stats about how bad the Dolphins are when it's super cold. How bad Tua is when it's super cold. And I can't wait to bet on the Packers in this game.


Sal, just spoiler alert. I'm gonna say Packers by four. Yeah, that's what I said. It is three and a half. Ah, we split that man. All right. So what's the, what's the tease? You know you're doing a money line Parley, is it just Lion's, Packers and you'll pay a little juice. Let's figure stuff. Now should we do this for Fando? I'll tweet this out. Go ahead FanDuel. So we could do, you could make it simple. I mean forget that middle thing. Packers Bunny line with, oh, it's minus one 20 with Detroit money line. That's minus minus one 20. Oh, good thing I make it that easy. That seems so easy. It's all we have to do.


Packers, you'll, you'll win that first one by 9:50 AM and then you take a nap and then you take some gummies and you take a nap bill and you miss that giant cowboy game and you come back and watch Lambo and it a win. Oh, I'm all in on that piece. I feel like what, we have to grab that right now. I know I say that. That's not overthinking, but that minus one 20 is not gonna be there much longer. Yeah, let's not screw it over on there's anything. That's it. And then Thanksgiving. So you get Packer's Dolphins, and then when it hits midnight on the East coast, you get to watch my yacht Rock documentary. Oh yeah.


Yeah. That'd be fun. It's great. You'll love it. There's no way. Of course. I'm love it. Oh, come on. You kidding me. Sunday Marques. Well hold on. Are you gonna do Friday? Oh, you didn't know that game was the Friday game. Raiders chiefs. Raiders Chiefs. We can't start over. Which the fairly watchable. No, I, I'm not gonna change my guess. Alright. I forgot about the Black Friday game. And it's funny 'cause they sent me a T-shirt of the studio crew with my face in the middle of it. I should have worn it. Really? Yeah. And that's you, you, it looks like I'm in the crew. It looks like I'm ready to have an argument with Sherman.


I love it. All right, so Kansas City home for the Raiders. It's probably gonna be Riter, right? Because While, you read that blurb to Seemed like it Min It's inspiring. I have the Chiefs by 11 and a half. That's what Oh, you get it. I had 11. It's 13 and a half. Oh boy. Now listen, if you wanna wait just a few hours more and do Lions Packers Chiefs that gets in the plus 1 0 3. Yeah, but that's another Milton borough situation for the Chiefs.


It's Black Friday. I trust them. Oh, they can't, they're not Lud. They, they lost to them on Christmas. They can't range. But even if you do 10.0, so you could do a 13 just money. Just do the money line. Just Lion's money Line Packer's Money line Chief's money line. What does that Plus 1 0 3. That's pretty good. Oh, there's so much college. Don't The Chiefs aren't The Chiefs gonna fuck us one of these next four weeks with a, like they did that time with the Raiders a year ago. Yeah, but it where Mahome Raiders says the game he, he fumbles, he throws the pick six, he gets hurt. He comes back in like they haven't had that game yet. They hate this team though, right? With the cigars and everything else. Yeah, they do the Raiders talk shit.


Yeah. Sunday's marquee game is the Ravens and the Eagles in Baltimore. It's a wonderful sporting event. The Ravens for all we know could be seven and five heading into this game. Right. And sweating out a playoff spot. I personally think they're gonna win tomorrow. I don't know where do you stand on that charger? I do too. Yeah, I have them. I have money lined them, so that's probably gonna be bad for them. Well, big Brother wins right? Big Brother always wins. Ravens. I have minus three against the Eagles. It is. You got it. Exactly. I said two and a half. Hmm. Now we're tied. Okay.


That's a good game. That's it. Barkley Henry Offensive Player of the Year comes outta that is it? Trades of the Year Watchable. Three of them. Bengal Steelers in Cincinnati. Bengal's now in, we have to win every game Territory. Steelers. So I was at the, at the, we did a premier for the Yacht Rock doc on Thursday night. So I had the Steelers game on my phone. Beautiful, wasn't it? And I couldn't, I couldn't even, I couldn't watch it during thing. And I also really wanted to watch thing, but I glanced at it a couple times and it was 18 six. So pretty. And I didn't look for 10, 12 minutes. Looked back down. It was 1918 Steelers.


It's like, oh look back again. It was 24 19 final. And I was like, I can't wait to find out what happened in this game. That game was just fully bonkers. But it's a fun Jamis game. I, I feel like Jamis might be the quarterback who doesn't have a chance that I root for the most. It's just so, I mean it was like, oh, for nine and third down and four for four with four downs. It's just, it was perfect for him and it looked great and the NFL films did the thing and him running in slow motion. I'm like, oh, this is why I love football. I don't even care. I couldn't believe of all the th shitty Thursday night games. We have to watch that game. You know how much I love, I know everyone loves snow, but I really like love Snow.


I'm a 10 outta 10 for Loving Snow and I love seeing it on the TV and the flakes sticking to Tomlin Beard, I ca of all the games. Why did it have to be the game when I was at a documentary and Premier? It was so good. Good that I'm, I'm a 10 Outta 10 for Loving Snow. Sounds like something you'd hear on Yacht Rock. So that's perfect. I think that was the song. Think Stephen Bishop wrote that one. Yeah. Was that Bishop? Yeah. Was that a steely Dan? I dunno. I'm a 10 outta 10 for Snow. Stupid. I had Bengals by one and a half against Steelers. I get this, I said two. It is two and a half. So when was the last time a four and s team was favored by two and a half against an eight and three team that did not have any injuries?


Probably a long, pretty rare, long time ago. Yeah. Pretty rare. They're just, they are they gonna out slug the Bengal though that that's it. Because you know Burrows, burrows dialed in. Right? So even the Steelers defense, as much trouble as they give them should have, should score like 26, 27 points. I think it's enough. And everything's a must win now for Cincy. That's why they're fine. I think the Steelers are good and I think they played a Thursday night game, right? Four days after this emotional win over Baltimore. It snowed like a motherfucker. It was a stupid game that had a lot of dumb momentum twists. And I, I think you throw it out. He also got out coached a little bit and he is a allowed to.


Right? You can get out coach once a a year and now was that game game you out coach? Yeah. You gotta, it's always a tough division battle. Falcons Chargers. It's in Atlanta. Probably not betting on this game. I hit it. Exactly. I do. I would probably the Chargers in the tees, but I'm gonna say Falcons by one and a half. Oh that's why he did it. Well you're right and you're wrong. I said Chargers by one and a half and it is Chargers by one and a half. But the one and a halfs always flip. They always flip By Thursday it's, it's chargers by one and a half Chargers are favored. But oh my God. If we talk Thursday it'll be Falcons and then it might flip again. I mean that's what happened with Arizona and Seattle and it happened with so many of these jets.


Texans, same thing. So you think there's a one and a half conspiracy? There is. It's the tic-tac tic-tac terrorists out there moving these lines. It's like how the, it's the black eye conspiracy with celebrities and celebrities only have black eyes on their left eye. Some sort of Illuminati thing. Exactly. So Leno fell down the hill and it's like left eye was black shit's going on. Yep. Yep. I dunno how they come up with this stuff. That's true. It's all true. I'm gonna have a black eye in my left eye in two days. It's like, we'll show you. It did. There was a Reddit person who broke down that Leno thing really well.


But he ended up, he he almost definitely is telling the truth. Right? Yeah. It seems like he's telling the truth. He was playing. Yeah, that sucks. He was playing at some weird club in Germans town, Pennsylvania. There was the hotel. Everyone was like, why is he staying at that hotel? He is a billionaire, but it's like it was the nearest hotel to where that gig was. He's also cheap. It would've been, he's also very cheap and he is also super cheap. He spends all his money on cars. He was trying to walk to some restaurant that he tried to cut and walk down a hill to cut the distance so he didn't have to go around. And he is 74. And it's the kind of thing like our dads would've done. Right. He'd have been like, what? I'd be like, Sal, what happened to your dad? It's like, ah, he fell right. Like it's just, it's just kind of what happens when you're mid seventies.


So I think it adds up. But I still like the conspiracy stuff. I stuff I enjoyed all of it either way. The irony is great that he didn't have a car. Guy's got like 75 funny cars and, and hangers all over, all over California. Well the more confusing thing to me is he made, I, I mean he was making 30 million a year in the Tonight Show for 20 years. Yeah. And when he was doing standup gigs and making crazy money on those, why does he have to go to like the middle of somewhere in Pennsylvania do standup. Yeah. And he is indignant when they ask him about it. Like, well why don't you just cancel the show? Like show must go on. It's like alright you a3 you could, you could sit one out.


I'm at the Red Roof Inn on Big Bear Mountain on November 29th. It's like, what? What place? 74. Why didn't you retire? Yeah. Go sit on a beach. Right. Vikings are home for the Cardinals. That's a good one. I'll never trust Kyler Murray again until about three weeks from now. I have a Vikings minus three against Cardinals. I had you out here. I had three and a half and that's what it is. Hmm. That's too high. That'll be three. Well you, you're gonna throw that, you're gonna throw Kyler in a teaser. No I'm you not gonna near this game.


Alright. Fairly watchable Colts at the Pats. I just think the Richardson may makes this a fairly watchable and not a poop Factora. Sure. Colts are gonna be favored. And I think it's Colts by one and a half. I had two. I think it's two and a half now. Yeah, that's fair. It's gonna be a loss. I don't think the Pats are gonna have five wins. I think I'm gonna win that bet. Well what, when did you make that bet? Before the year. That was like my lock of the year was I had the Pats under four and F wins with, but I didn't know Drake May was gonna be, I wouldn't have made that bet if I knew Drake was gonna be good.


Well you could, you won. You could sell it if you want because it's still four and a half the under fan. It's still four and a half. Yeah. What's Carolina? Just outta curiosity. That's four and a half too. Yeah, some of these, there's like Cleveland I think is also four and a half. Your team's six and a half. I know you have them winning 10 Jerk. I said nine. Denver is nine and a half now. Jesus. What's Miami? Wow. Miami's only seven and a half. They're five and six. Yeah. That doesn't matter. The average minus 200 though, right?


Yeah, it's a big, big juice. What's Miami? Miami to make the playoffs is plus two 40. Yeah, I don't like it. You might as well just bet 'em against Green Bay and then just keep rolling it in Some of these important games. Washington to make the playoffs is is Oh, that's Tampa Tampa's plus one 14 Washington's minus 180 8. Okay. Seahawks are at the Jets. Seahawks are going to be favored in this game. I don't know if there's a lot of weeks left to win real money against the Jets before the line shift. This feels like the last week the Seahawks defense has looked legitimately good the last two weeks.


Seahawks by one and a half is gonna be my pick. You got it. That was smart. I said two and this is, this is another one that's gonna flip unless there's a quarterback change. Although I don't even know what would have to move. Does does the line move if Rogers is out Jet's favor by three with Ty Rod Taylor? I don't think the line moves. Rogers has been awful. Yeah. Yeah. This is so Tyra, rod Taylor does the, does the Jets Seahawks line move with Tyra? Rod Taylor like San Francisco moved three and a half points today and Purdy went out. I think it stays the same. I don't think it moves. It would be crazy as if it moved the other way and the jets were favored with Ty Rod.


Right. What's he gonna do? Not throw down field. It's fine. And so it's exactly what can he bring his friends in? Tie Rod Taylor. Okay. We have a whole new receiving cord. These are my buddies. I grew up with them. Rogers dresses up like the Chargers team doctor and tries to stab tie rod with a needle. Yeah, well he's a medic medical expert. Yeah. Wash his home for the Titans. So this was, I be, I guessed the lines before the day and I had watched him by seven. I'm gonna knock that down to six. Watched him by six. Yeah. You get this? I said seven and a half. Only because I don't know why but it's five and a half. Hmm.


Well it looked like Edgar got knocked out at the end of the game. Right? So he won't play. He and he is had a few concussions before. So just Brian Robinson who was hurt during the game today. And they have that McNichols guy. But I think they're gonna have trouble running the ball. And then Daniel still doesn't look healthy a lot. We're gonna find that after the year that he has like three cracked ribs, right? Yeah. Yeah, for sure. I'm just looking at it as a must win in Tennessee. It's also a must loss for them after winning this today. I mean, how are they gonna pull this off? Rams at the Saints and after what we saw for the Rams today? I don't, I think they're gonna be favored, but I don't think it's gonna be by much. I'm gonna say Rams by one and a half at the Saints Rams by I said two and it's two and a half.


Hmm. Lot of momentum for the Cloer. I dunno if you've been following this. Yeah, why not? People like the Clogger, the team's responded. What is the clogger? He's clogging up that team with wins. Oh my God. What, what is his bye week like the Cloer when he doesn't have to watch what he eats. Lot of salad. A lot of salad and hot water poop. fta. Speaking of the Clogger, we got two, we got Texans at Jacksonville and I can't believe Doug Peterson's still the coach. It seemed impossible after the 52 to six game. We, what was that a week ago? He survived the buy. I didn't even realize that.


Yeah, they must have been busy. The the ownership must have been vacationing or something. I have Texans by three and a half at Jacksonville. Oh no, I had four and a half. It's five and a half. We're both. I like Jacksonville. You do? Yeah. Oh, 'cause of your guy. No, I don't think, I don't think Houston's very good and I had that, I have future bets on them. I was all in on them. I've been waiting for it to turn around. But I don't think they can block No, from what I, from, from what I'm watching week to week doesn't seem like they can block. And their defense seems like when you really need to drive the ball down the field on them, you can, it's probably a stay away. I don't what I don't want for this last, you know, seven weeks of the season, whatever is for the south divisions to rip my guts out.


Right. Right. So if if we're on the wrong side of too many of these, it's, it's a great way to think about it. Yeah. Great way to think about it. And, and here's another one. Bucks at Panthers. So I have bucks by four and a half in Carolina and I like Carolina. Oh, I had six at six and a half. Oh, I'm gonna win this week. Love it now. Come on. It's like 10 to five or something. Oh, I guess you're gonna win. You. Wait, who did you say? You like Carolina? No, I'm gonna give you Carolina's last couple weeks. Week nine they beat the Saints by one week 10 they beat the Giants by three week 12 tied with KC with a minute left.


And they had a bye week in there too. They haven't really had a bad game since week seven. They got killed by Washington. But even the Denver game, the 14 to 28 loss. Yeah. It wasn't like they didn't get demolished. So they're, they're at least they're getting better. Unlike my team. No, it's respectable. I mean, I have the bucks. You should also have the bucks that win in division. We had an agreement but, so I have to, I have to lean heavy into this one, but instead of doing that, you, I could just bet against Atlanta this week. Right, right. Because that Tampa for then the win division Atlanta one Sunday night, Bill's 49 ERs a game that I'm sure they were thinking was gonna be one of the best games of the year. We three months ago.


Oh, Al I just, I'm thinking about how great this game seemed to knock August. Now I I just wanna do a shot of whiskey or something. Al I don't, I don't have a goddamn good thing to say about Brandon Allen. Can we just fast forward to next week? I just, I'll get excited about George Kiddo if you want me to Al but I just, I think this goes over seven. I think this is Bills by seven and a half. I said seven and it's six and a half. Ah. Just like a point off with all this. Well the, is this the Kyle Shahan? We're gonna f everybody up. Everybody trying to get their money back from the Thursday night and Thanksgiving weekend.


Is this the one So Purdy's probably playing. Yeah, that's true. Yeah. That's about all we got. If you're, if you're making the case for the Niners, it's backs to the wall. If they lose this game, their season's over, they have a losing record in their division. You can't lose this game and have a realistic chance. I guess maybe you could sneak into the playoffs as we made the case with your team. But I think Purdy is he definitely playing like they thought he was gonna play this week too. So to, to say that they think he's gonna be ready. I dunno, I guess this is their season though. It's gotta do it Monday night. Broncos home for the Browns. This is really the S Bowl. Your guy Bo Nicks against your guy Jamis.


So much fun. It's really, really everything you want. Do we, do you wanna guess? 'cause there's odds up for offensive rookie of the year. I think Bo Nicks has to be favored then. You should bet him he's plus 1 25 Daniel's minus minus one 50 minus one 50. The number one pick. Think that's a pretty good bet Is 50 to one. Caleb Williams. Jesus. I didn't think he was bad today. No, he wasn't. He wasn't. He plays, yeah, so I got Broncos minus three and a half against Cleveland. You're gonna get that. I said three.


It's four and a half, but too little too late for you Simmons. All right. Seven, five, and one. You beat me on your favorite week of the year. I love it. I love it. Cowboys are alive. That's gotta stop. I mean, I don't know why that still gets me annoyed, but listen, are the cowboys alive or are they not? They're alive now. We crossed them off. We have say, but they're alive. What do you got for Parent Corner? What do I have? A couple things. Well, first of all we, you know, again, favorite weekend of the year. Favorite day. Got you're, you're there's always home already, right?


Yeah. So now you got, you get to see her for what, a week or more? Yeah, it's like eight days. She's been home since August 8th. Yeah, right. Same here. My guy comes home Wednesday morning and he is leaving Friday. He's like, I'm going back 'cause Oregon's playing Washington and I'm going to that game. And like my wife is like, oh, this is terrible. It's like, how many times did she cry? Well, it hasn't happened yet, but I think she's, I think it's about that. I think it's gonna be, I think it's gonna be bad, but I was like, this is cats in the cradle. Right. I would do the same thing and my parents would get mad and Yeah, what are you gonna do? So, but she didn't cry when Archie said he was only coming home for two days.


That didn't elicit tears. I wasn't, she, I think she had regrouped and composed herself because I found out hours later. But I think the, I think the tears will flow naturally when it actually happens, like going off. But yeah, so that's that. The other thing is I picked my son Jack up from wrestling practice. Yeah. And he's like extra dirty. And I was like, what, what the hell? Why did he smell? What's going on here? What, what'd you do? He was like, we had a clean garbage. Said, what do you mean you had a clean garbage? He's like, well, coach got mad because somebody went in the wrestling room and tried to lose extra weight and like was jumping rope and they were unsupervised and the principal found out and nobody would fess up.


This is like the fourth. Nobody will fess up thing that they had to like, do, you know? Yeah. They, they had to do community service as a result. And so we all had to clean garbage for like over an hour, like an hour and a half after we ran. And I was like, alright, but can't the coach, I, I, I, yeah. You know, I, I've had bosses that do this, like the, you know, bosses and teachers and coaches that punish the whole group. But if you looked at it logically, like my kid is not going after hours to jump rope. He's just not Right. Yeah. So like, can, can we, we could excuse him. What are, what are we doing here? Like, if, if you were at work in a, like a beet salad was missing from the community refrigerator and you're like, Nope, we're unplugging the refrigerator for everyone.


You could assume it's not me that took the beet salad. Right. I haven't seen a vegetable in like seven years, so I don't know what kind of, I don't know where you stand on that kind of messaging, but seems like it's successive. Do you think Gerard Mayo should try some of this motivational tactic with the Patriots? Maybe we have si six pre staff penalties in the first half. You guys are all gonna have to clean up the garbage outside of Gillette Stadium. Yeah, I'm unplugging all the electricity in the locker room. Room. You're done. So, hey, everyone enjoys your parent corners every week. Rarely did I get multiple people in my life asking the same question about last week's parent corner from you with the match.


Yeah. If, if your, if your kid throws up during the match supposed to be over, why isn't that an automatic forfeit? It's supposed to be because our coach w which coincides with my, my story this week is a lunatic. So, so he somehow, he somehow he somehow talked the ref out of the forfeit. He had to be like, our kid's nervous. He is not sick. And then my kid's like, yeah, I'm nervous. And they're like, all right, we'll we'll clean up the dominoes and then we'll, we'll let you finish. But yeah, that was it. But yeah, normally it is, it's amazing. That just isn't a rule in, in Southern California sports like vomit wrestling, automatic match over.


Right, exactly. It every, and then my wife wanted to ask, did it s it must have smelled like puke smells. It wasn't, wasn't lined up on the mat, but it's like still gonna smell, right? It was a little bit, it wasn't like stand by me like with the, the pieing contest. I wouldn't say that, but yeah, that was a lot. It was a little bit and they cleaned it up and that Yeah. I mean the kid was like, yeah, that's a good way to like get a kid to forfeit. Like I don't want to be vomited on. But yeah, that was it. But then I was thinking maybe that should be Jack's thing. He throws up during every match. That's his signature move. The other kid is so bummed out, he just wants to get pinned. You know, I once farted so bad that I was wrestling a really good kid, but I shouldn't have been pinned in the first period.


But I was, yeah. And then like afterwards he is like, I'm sorry man, I had to get rid of you. That was just, that was so bad the far I, I, I thought it wor I, I thought it would work in my advantage, but to my advantage. Yeah. But no, he had a, he had to step up as a arsenal. That was it. My parent corner. So I picked up my daughter on Friday from the airport and I did the thing where you, you pull in illegally at the arrivals. Oh no. Parked the car. There were no, no cops. I think they know 'cause it's Thanksgiving. And I got there I was like four minutes before her and I was watching the, these other cars and it was a lot of kids like coming back from college already on that Friday.


And it's like the most emotional hugs. You're like getting choked up in the car, watching all these people who haven't seen their kids and they just these huge long hugs. And I'm like, yeah. I'm like, is this the most emotional place of in, in America every year? The, the kids coming home for Thanksgiving on the airplane and seeing their families. Then I was thinking if I'm like United, this would be a great commercial over like fly the friendly sky, whatever United, United commercial is. No, it's good. Yeah. Yeah. It should just be like these whole movie iPhone shots of all these people, like, like people were like hugging each other and crying like they were so excited. They see each other. So I'm getting emotional watching and then my daughter comes in with the bag and she's like, Hey dad.


She's get, kind of gives me, because I'd seen her a few weeks ago, so I was like, ready to really have an emotional moment. It didn't happen, but I thought you were gonna say, this should be a Twitter feed with only embraces at the airport. I need game ball, locker room speeches and, and emotional airport hugs. Yeah. It was great. I would like somebody come off and like someone coming off a Spirit Airlines flight, like, why do you have a black guy? What happened? What? You and Jay Leno, what, what is this? What's going on? I think Ludi after you. Yeah. So anyway, and I was in a good mood the whole day and then picked her up. We drive, we're talking in the car, we drive back and we ended up going for a dinner that night, the four of us.


It was like old times. Nice. And then within not even 24 hours, my wife and my daughter yelled at each other. Oh, nice. And by Sunday my wife's like, she's just the kitchen. Like I, I just, here's what I didn't miss is the way you treat the kitchen and it's just like, we're just back. Right? Like, oh, motion the motion's out the window. Now everybody's yelling at each other again. We're really back though. Yeah. It might be too much lead up time to Thanksgiving. Right? I wonder what the perfect amount is. Two days, maybe like two and a half. Yeah, probably like a Tuesday. Yeah. But it's nice, nice to have her home. The dog Murph just lo absolutely lost his mind.


Like, you know, because in seen her in three and a half months was, they probably didn't even know. What do you think dogs think when people disappear? They're not smart. I dunno, I dunno if you've noticed, but not like smart animals. Or do they just have smart, it's almost like have dog a Alzheimer's where they're just like, they have no long-term memory and it's like, Hey, it's that person. Right? Yeah. I don't know what they think. I don't, I don't, you know what I'm, I'm so locked into sports gambling and losing. I don't have time to think about what dogs are thinking about what people are. What's your dog? Think of Washington. Somehow, somehow losing. I have kids vomiting on vomiting on mats and stuff like that.


I'm analyze psychoanalyze a dog. It's great though. It's, it's great to have everybody in one spot. I like that idea for United or whoever though. That's a, that's really, I can't believe they haven't done that. I was trying to think's smart's some more emotional other than like Yeah, like happy emotional, not like sad, emotional. Like a funeral. Like I guess like a wedding would be happy emotional. Yeah. Airport. My kid is coming home from college. There's not graduations. Maybe there's not like a lot of just pure happy emotional moments, but wedding it's the whole, but you're right. But the airport, it's that exact embrace moment of embracing, right? Because we, we think about, I I, I don't know, living out here, we think about the airport as, oh, Andy Dick's gonna be say something terrible to TMZ.


Right? Stepping off a jet blue flight Right. Or something. But you're right. Spinning in a positive way. Even the people whose parents didn't greet them like hugging the Uber driver. Yeah. It's like, hey. Exactly. There's always a hug out there. Uber driver's like, ha. All right. That was Parent Corner. What do you have to, what do you have to plug? What do I have? Simmons threw The Ringer with the great Tate Frazier against All Odds Couple times a week on The Ringer. Podcast Network. We're gonna review Monday Night Football. Go over the big college games and playoff implications. Cousin Sal's winning weekend with Michael Irvin and Ringer pregame show. Now listen, this has become very competitive and you know, I don't like that. But I gave out a bunch of winners and it's not a four hour show.


We only get to talk like Yeah. Seven times each. Why is this Wager Was the Bears locked in at three and a half? My dog was a Titans plus three 10. Yeah. Tommy DeVito to not throw a touch. An interception. Jacobs over 74 and a half rushing yards. And the ice cream sundae. A segment you created Lions by 11 to 20 points plus two 90 What a week for me. That one hit. The Titans didn't hit though. Did they win the Titans plus three? Oh, they win win what's matter with you. Yeah, they won. So you hit all this 40 minutes on it. You need a hug from your daughter. What's matter with you? Yes. I hit all you're talking for an hour and a half. Yeah. For some reason I thought they covered, watched The Ringer watch The Ringer pregame show.


How many, no. How many sides of the ice cream sundae pick did we get? I was the only one. Yeah. Might not been great. I don't, I don't wanna I don't wanna crap on these guys, but I was the only one Whatcha gonna do? I have to plug, give Yacht Rock on HBO and Max on Friday. It's really good. Give us a little tease. Give to cue it up. What's good? What are people gonna sink their I'm really glad that Michael McDonald finally gets his just due. Yeah, but I, I think what it's, put it this way, you dunno me, he has multiple moments where he just cooks in it. But I, it's really, I think it's not what you think it is. This doc, that's what I'll say.


I don't wanna spoil it, but it's, what the hell, hell is that made It's way more about the music than, than the comedy of it and stuff like that. I think people are gonna be suppressed. Okay. and it has nothing to do with Vince McMahon's. Vince's Vince fits into this. Alright. Alright, next time. That's it. C. Good job by you. Good job by you, buddy. All right. That's it for the podcast. Thanks to Cousin Sal thanks to nephew Kyle. Steve Saru geha. Everybody behind the scenes who helped with such a spectacular production. Wasn't that many people, but it was still fun.


You can watch this podcast on the Bill Simmons YouTube channel. Don't forget new re watchable coming Monday Night Running Scared. Don't forget about the Yacht Rock documentary coming Friday, day after Thanksgiving on Max and on HBO. And I'll see you on this podcast on Tuesday.