
Coming up, we figure out a way to talk about OKC basketball, sports media, a lot of stuff with Priscilla and Brian Curtis Next.


This episode is brought to you by vrbo, private Vacation Rentals. With vrbo, you always get the whole house so you and your fellow fans can cheer on your team in peace. What's worse than watching a game with somebody who's not rooting for the same team? You're rooting for nothing. But that's why if you book a vacation house with vrbo, you know all the people in your house, they'll be friends, they'll be family. Ideally, they'll be the ones who also root for my teams. Plan a winning vacation. Make it a vrbo.


This episode is brought to you by MICHELOB ULTRA. MICHELOB ULTRA. A superior LIGHT BEER in the ultimate trophy. Win or lose, you're bound to enjoy the ride with a good beer in hand. MICHELOB ULTRA crisp, refreshing only 95 calories, a superior LIGHT BEER. No matter the game Sporter, season superior is worth playing for. So sign up for ultra quart side at MICHELOB ULTRA dot com slash courtside and you can enjoy some of these games with nice beer in your hand. ENJOY RESPONSIBLY. Copyright 2025 Anheuser-Busch MICHELOB ULTRA Registered LIGHT BEER. St. LOUIS, Missouri. Must be 21 plus to order alcohol, alcohol available only in select markets.


We're also brought to you by The Ringer Podcast Network, where I am on the Prestige TV podcast, recapping White Lotus every Sunday night right after the episode. Runs on HBO and on max me, Joanna Robinson. Mallory Rubin. You can hear our recap. Episode four is this weekend. It's on the Prestige tv. You can also watch on The Ringer tv, YouTube channel. And then the re watchable is Monday night. We're doing Best in Show. Yeah, Christopher Guest Dogs. It's me and Mallory Rubin and Joanna Robinson. My white Lotus crew. It's threatening. It becomes sports Movie month on the re watchable 'cause we did Rocky last week. Best in show this week.


And two more spots left. I dunno. Could be another sports movie month.


Hey, FanDuel Sportsbook. They have some really fun bets right now. Player performance doubles. Two Legg Parlays already made for you. Take an NBA player prep, combine it with a bet on that players team to win. We have a ringer PBT we call 'em Player Performance Bet placed on any of the Tuesday games. So, Washington, Detroit, Milwaukee, Indiana. That's a fun one 'cause Indiana always plays well against Milwaukee. Maybe grab some Halliburton with Indiana to win. Stay tuned for my picks on Tuesday on Twitter. Be sure to claim The Ringer PBT in the carousel on the FanDuel Sports book gap this Tuesday.


I have Ryan Priscilla come up in a second. We taped right after the OKC Denver game. And then Brian Curtis is gonna join us midway through to talk about some of the crazy sports media shit that's going on. And also some big picture sports media stuff. So this is an action packed two hours. First our friends from Pearl Jab.


All right, we are taping. It's 1230 Pacific Time. Just watched OKC Denver. I'm a little groggy today. Ow. Okay. Daylight savings combined with going to bed last night. Wanted to throw something on flip through the cable guide 'cause I'm old And I still flipped through cable guides. Castaway had just started a movie I've seen a hundred thousand times. I did a solo re watchable for and I'm like, ah, I'll just watch the beginning. And I'm up till like 1 45 in the morning, which was really 2 45 in the morning. And I just love that movie. But I, I had to ask you, what's your castaway move coming outta the gate? You're just stranded on the island. Like do you figure out how to do a home gym? Like what about a year in, what does your island look like?


I've actually thought about this. Okay, great. And I'm glad that you asked. 'cause I, I like watching alone. It's, it's a good fall asleep show. It is, you know, 'cause there's no music for like 50 minutes. So it's, it's peaceful. It's just like ocean sounds. And there was a guy on the most recent one who checked out after one night And I felt like there should be some kind of fine, He checked that after one night. Yeah, one night he was like, I'm out, I'm tapping out. He really missed his family. So I think I'd be geared towards doing better 'cause I would have no one to miss. But I would get so upset about how skinny I would be coming out of it. That I would never ever do it. Not that I would do well anyway, like I might have a decent fort.


But when I was thinking about it, I was like, you did all this like buildup and I've, I've done this, I've trained, I've been in the outback, I've, you know, they were in Tasmania so it's definitely challenging. And then he was done after one night And I then I thought, is that the best thing ever to get over? Like a fight with your wife is you sign up for a loan and then you say you've missed them so badly. You tap out after just one night. It's probably the best relationship repair, move possible. So maybe he's actually playing the game ahead of everybody else. Castaway Wait, can I say one thing on a loan? Yeah, Yeah, of course. You don't think the wife would be like, wait a second, what just happened? You spent four months training for this show. You quit the day. Are you just a quitter?


What are our kids gonna be like? Did you pass along your quitting DNA to our children? I could. I could. I mean like stay a second night. Like I understand the bugs and Yeah, try to make it like four days. Some people know when they know they're just out. But then you have to watch, you watch the people after like 24 hours going, what'd you think it was gonna be? Yeah, but what'd you, what'd you, yeah, it's gonna be really hard and there's not a grocery store. Like figure it out. So. Well, My dream in life was for my wife to be on Survivor. 'cause I think she just would've kept winning challenges. But she also goes crazy if she's not eating regularly. Yeah. See I've been toast. So she would've been like, they would've been constantly trying to vote her off and then she just would've saved her ass again at the next challenge.


I, you know, I, I always have wanted to know somebody that I really know in my life who went on one of those shows and I'm still waiting. Maybe it'll be you. Maybe it'll be one alone. You don in Tasmania. You don anyone? No, somebody that I'm actually like is in my life where I'm like, oh my God, this is gonna be amazing. Priscilla's not alone. I won't though. I won't because I, I'd be like 180 5 coming out of it and I'd never be the same. You wouldn't just drink like a lot of coconut like that. There's probably some nutrients you could snap. Nothing's Alright. Do your castaway. What was your castaway take? I'd like the entire island on fire within 24 hours. I think this is the best chance of me being noticed. I've thought about it. I think that's the only move I thought about that last night too.


'cause he goes to the top where he tests out whether he wants to hang himself on the top of the island. And when did the move be to just set everything as high as possible. The highest peak of the island. Set it on fire as much as you can. So you're getting, at some point they've got a notice. Although they did say it was a 500,000 square foot radius. Yeah. I'm not saying it's gonna work, but I just, I I think in those first couple days is your only chance of being noticed or say the first week or whatever. So if you The biggest fire ever got a 10 day window. Yeah. Yeah. There's, I did this when I did the solo castaway pod during the first two months of Covid. I did this but it, I'm always amazed the husband doesn't wake up.


That's my favorite part of the movie. Hank's, he's back. Helen Hunt won't see him and then that first night he just says fuck it and takes a cab to her house. Husband's just sleeping through it. I know it's raining but that first night I'm probably gonna be sleeping with one eye open. Knowing my, knowing my wife it's is, is just in a tizzy that the love of her life actually survived. I'm probably gonna be up for a couple days there just making sure. Yeah, I can imagine if you were the new husband and if Tough Beat Helen Hunt were like, look, you know, he's kind of my soulmate And I I owe it to him. And then just years later you just, you just put in hours that irks just constantly drinking.


And guys would be like, he's, he's the guy, he's the, and then he just kind of turns and goes, well whatcha supposed to do? You know, like bad, bad beat. Yeah, maybe the move would've been to bow out OKC Denver. So there's this And I, I don't know if I just noticed it this year, but it might be every year where we have to, there's this new thing the media does and it's not new where they lecture people that we're not talking about somebody enough or we gotta give these guys more credit. It's like this lecture thing. It's a way of talking about a team because you don't really have anything that interesting to say. So you look in the camera and you lecture people about, we're not talking about OKC enough.


I dunno what we're doing people and you do that thing. We did this, I remember the first time I really noticed this was that the year after the Suns made the finals and they were awesome because I think I did it where the suns were really good that second year and nobody was talking about them. And at some point there was a week where it was like, we're not talking about the suns. What are we doing? I Did it right. We Did it. We all did it. I think we probably did it together. And then I think the Celtics did it last year. I think the Celtics hit that point where there was kind of not a lot to say. They shot a lot of threes, they hadn't won anything yet. And I feel like OKC is in this zone this year. I have some theories for this. Okay. Basically the, the subject heading would be why is it not that fun to talk about OKC yet?


Because they just dusted Denver tonight and they have a guy who's gonna win the MVP and yet everybody's like, ah. What is your opinion for why this is not fun yet? Well I don't know why it's not fun. 'cause I think there are a lot of fun to watch. Just their aggressiveness. You look at the blocks, they have 14 blocks in today's game. San Antonio leads the league with six blocks per game. So like there's just things that I've always noticed against Oklahoma City. If you screw around, if you wait around, you're just gonna be in trouble. And now that they've rolled out this double big thing they're doing with Chet and experimenting with that and then they bring Chet back in like watching Phoenix play against Denver in comparison to watching Oley C like yeah it was, Hey do you wanna sit up here Jokic, do you want to get a catch here?


Do you wanna be able to just turn and face the defense without any kind of pressure on you whatsoever? And Jokic was great in the first quarter. I don't know how much the elbow injury played into him missing, missing his free throws and type of everything else, but there's just not a lot of room. There's not a lot of time and you just cannot screw around against the thunder. So I don't know why it wouldn't be fun 'cause S-G-A-S-G-A. Okay, is he not as fun as an alright, fine. But I mean this guy's on an absolute tear, another 30 game. I'm about to have fun talking about SGA with you just, just like three minutes from now. But I'm just flagging that for you. Now The the final thing I would say as we kind of go through this is that I've always said, I just think we have a hard time with new, we have a really hard time with new, yeah, maybe even more so in the NBA. Like when's the last time something was new, A team that hadn't won a championship, players that hadn't won a championship where you thought, you know what, I'm all in on this team.


'cause for me it's been a long time. Yeah, even Boston last year who'd had the scars and had some tough losses and gotten in the finals and it was still the same thing. Well you know, we'll see, we'll see if they can win four rounds. I think there's a couple issues with OKC. None of them are their fault. One is that they're new. Two is that they's nothing polarizing about them whatsoever. There's no argument, there's no like I'm gonna sit in a sports bar and have an OKC argument about Jalen Williams or Chet Holmgren. Like they've just done everything correctly. They've added talent really smartly. They've built a fun team. I think their eight nine men rotation is pretty unassailably put together.


They have all these picks coming and there's no zag. And whenever there's not a zag, I think people have struggle. They struggle to figure out like, well how do we talk about this then? Because you just end up going, this team's great, this team's awesome, but you watch them today and this team, I, I think the thing that is so impressive to me is that they can linger in these games and they'll be up like four, they'll be up three, they'll be up six, but then they'll just have this eight oh run outta nowhere and all of a sudden the game's 14, 15, it's not even threes. It's like defense. It's a second chance rebound. It's SGA just scoring six points in a row. I think they're really scary. Do I think Denver could beat them in a series or the Lakers just by slowing things down by the pressure going up?


I, I wouldn't say no way, but OKC just has so many advantages. You mentioned the two bigs thing today. They're malleability now when they do that versus when they can go small. That's something they just didn't have last year. But the SGA piece of it, you know, I was, I was looking at it, I was looking at all the best guard seasons. He's having one of the best guard seasons non MJ in the history of the league. Like when you're talking about team success, his like his production, his consistency, that was his, his 40th 30 point game today. He had another 40 point game. The way that he's played against other big teams, how consistent he is night tonight, how unstoppable he kind of is.


I think that's probably the number one talking point with them now for me it's like where, where does this SGA season rank against some of the other great guard seasons we've seen in our lifetime? When you talk about Kobe and Harden and Curry and even somebody like Jordan, statistically he's moved into that stratosphere, which to me is the biggest surprise. Yeah because I think when you look at his three point shooting, even though he didn't hit any today, it didn't really matter. You know, that was maybe the final piece of him being this unstoppable score. But you know, he's, you're right though. Like whenever you think about the polarizing part of who we talk about, you know, whether it's the Lakers being at the top, you know there's just gonna be a lot of people that don't like the Lakers.


There's obviously gonna be a lot of people that don't like Boston. Maybe Cleveland falls in this category a little bit, but maybe there's a little bit more hesitation on like what Mitchell is. Even though what I would always defend with Mitchell is say what you want about some of the playoff exits. Like at least you know that his ceiling is these like legendary Yeah playoff performances where he can just go for like 45 and take over a game. Yeah. And he has zero fear with Boston. Did you know he passed Jordan, by the way, for most points per game against the Celtics in franchise history? Seriously? Yeah, he's ahead of Jordan now. Wow. With that game, with that comeback, Jesus two Fridays ago. Yeah so I, I think you're right. 'cause there's nothing to hate.


They're they all like if anything people be like they might be a little boring. Which which is maybe part of the problem, Which isn't their fault. I Don't Right. I do not find them boring. I mean think about how deep this team is. Granted it's one game but they shut everybody down right? For this game. And you know, I don't know if they did it strategically knowing they had Denver back to back here. Maybe everybody was due. They play Jalen Williams, the Arkansas, Jalen Williams, Usman Jang, Kenrich Williams, Isaiah, Joe, Aaron Wiggins goes for 30, all those guys played 30 minutes. You know, Brandon Carlson's playing 14 like and they beat Portland by 20. So this team, it's probably the worst. If there was an expansion draft, Presty would be like god damnit.


But Yeah, you're right. I I'm so impressed with them. If you look at them night to night, you know they, they seem to kind of figure out what you're trying to do. Even the zone possessions that they did a good job against SGA slowing him down a little bit. Like eventually great players are gonna kind of figure out your zone. Denver has really no perimeter matchup for SGA on top of everything else. Maybe the SGA free throw things, upset people. But he's number one in drives. He's averaging 21 in drives per game. 15 points per game off those drives, which is three more than Zion who has great drive numbers considering his minute totals. And I, there's plenty of guys that hunt free throws that I can get frustrated with over the course of the game. I don't even know that I find him as frustrating as some of the other people.


I just think he's that hard to defend because of the size. So it really comes down to the number two guy. Is there a number two guy that you trust enough in the playoffs for them to get through four rounds? And I think there's still enough people out there that maybe doubt if Jalen Williams is that guy. Yeah. And they're in the same issue the Celtics are in with that top of the second quarter, top of the fourth quarter. Can Jalen Williams run the offense for like four or five minutes, which is the Jalen Brown issue with the Celtics? Sometimes the SGA piece of it just because I've been watching him really closely. 'cause I've been trying to think like if the Celtics see him in the finals, is there a way to defend this? What is he doing exactly Right. And he's got basically three different things that he vacillates between.


He has that thing, you just go to the basket like if you, if you fall asleep for a split second, he's got this first step and he can get to the rim and he can finish. But then he also has the, I'm gonna pretend I'm gonna do the get to the rim thing And I just stop and there's no way your body momentum can stop with me and then I'm gonna be elevating as you're still trying to catch up And I make a 15 footer. But then the third thing he does, And I don't know how you stop it and he did it a couple times in the fourth quarter today, he has the ball like you know, top of the three li three point line top of the key and people are defending him and they're doing everything perfectly and it just seems like he's trying to decide what to do, decide whether he wants to swing the ball and then he'll just, he'll, he'll make like a subtle and all of a sudden he's shooting and every single time the team is a split second late on realizing he's about to take an 18 footer And I don't know how he does it.


I've never seen a guard get these shots that he wants without the defense realizing that that's the shot he was setting up for. Like Brunson will do different versions of this, right? He has his little spots on the court and he has that herky jerky style. But I always know he is gonna shoot SG a's shooting as I'm registering. Oh he is probably gonna shoot here and he is already like releasing the ball and he's just so good at it now. He's so good from 18 feet that the model I was thinking Rosc was it's like the, like the most efficient version possible of, of where Kobe was getting to in that oh three to oh nine range where just this and Kobe would try to swing between these three pointers, get into the line and then this like 15 to 18 foot range jump shot And s Jay's just more efficient at it.


Like he's 53, 50 4% per game on some of these and they, they're just always going in And I think about the Celtics, it's like how do you stop this? What's your move Like? Do you just say Drew Holiday on him all the time? Well they're then they're just gonna get him in switches until he gets the guy that he wants on him and then he does it to them. But it's, this is why he's gonna win the MVPI think because when you watch them against these good teams, he always seems to get his points no matter what the other team is doing. And that's gonna be the case for him ultimately. Plus the wins, I couldn't believe when it was what, 89 85. I'm like how is Denver still in this game? Right? Getting Nothing from Jokic for two quarters.


Right? And then Aaron Gordon who's out and if you look at the numbers for them when Aaron Gordon's out, I think they're 14 and 11 now if you include today's game And I think they're 26 and 12 with them, those numbers can be off by a game here or there. 'cause sometimes it's, it's a little misleading to look it up but when you think about the switches like they were attacking Jokic and you know that's something you're still gonna wanna do. And I always wonder if we would look at Jokic a little bit different defensively as if he were an issue for them. If they didn't have the title already. I know I'd probably look at it and go, hey he's at least positioned right, but at least it's somebody you can think of attacking. And then if it's not gonna be beating Christian Brown off the dribble, which you can do without the screen, you can switch in a Murray, you know Westbrook's kind of hit or miss, you know there's just a bunch of stuff that you can attack out there and a lot of it changes when Aaron Gordon's not in the game.


Not that Gordon would be defending him one-on-one like 30 feet away. But I think the way you described his different ways of getting into his offense is, is the other part, the shot attempt is still available later for him with all the stuff that he does than a lot of high volume scores because yeah he can kind of slow it all down. It's, it's not like Luca but it, it's almost the same thing where you don't really speed them up. They play with this incredible pace, right? And whatever's flying around them, they're still completely in control of all of their options and at his size. And then to be able to pull up from mid-range, like even those zone possessions where it felt like Malone was slowing them down and clogging it up a little bit, which I love when teams do like, hey something's not working, why don't you throw some zone at and make 'em think about it.


Now some of these teams fall apart when they face a zone. But ultimately the more you keep doing it, especially with a team like the Thunder where everybody's good with the ball in their hands, they should be able to figure it out. So if you're talking Celtics part of it, they're clearly gonna have better matchups against SGA and they're gonna have a better rim protector if Pingus is playing right. If you have four different perimeter guys that you can throw at 'em, that's great. Then you, it seems size. Yeah, yeah, Yeah. And size too on top of everything else because Denver doesn't really have any perimeter size other than Porter Junior, again, Porter Jr. And Gordon against him. That's probably guys that are too big. So it's really coming off of the corners. And I think part, you know, I don't, I don't like the assumptions like what if OKC doesn't hit those open corner threes as everybody helps off of the corners to go to SDA.


You're like all right, well welcome to the league. Yeah. But at least they have like Wallace hit one, I think he was one for four, Dort hit a couple, Caruso had one late. Like I like OKCs chances if those are the corner guys that you, Isaiah Joe throw him in there. Like that's the way the team is built. So yeah, there's not somebody else necessarily at like SGAs level as a two guard or a two option I should say. And no one really has like another MVP waiting like that. So it's not really a fair criticism of OKC. But I've heard that talk about, I was like, what happens with those secondary shooters in a tight playoff game? And I'm just like, well that's, that's kind of the league. So I don't know why we specific to them, I mentioned the three different ways.


It seems like he scores, I should have mentioned the fourth way too, which is this team's a just a really good transition team. They, you know, long rebounds or if they get a steal they just finish plays and S g's really good in the open four too, which I think that's probably the fourth way he is getting his points. He's up to something else. Something else to add though about this team. Yeah, your Kobe thing with SGS a's totally fine getting rid of a ball, Right? So that's another part of it where you know, if he's out there and he's going like I still may be alive in this possession. I do think some teams get used to their number one scoring option once they're past a certain moment of just being okay now I'm not really in the play, I'm not gonna cut, I'm not gonna relocate on a perimeter.


These, these guys feel really, really connected. Maybe because they all came up together and because they're young and last year felt like, wow, they're already this good. I think there's, I think there's a personality to this team that also, you know, makes me like them. That's another piece that makes it not that fun to quote unquote talk about them because they all like each other and get along and they do interviews after the game. There's no like, ah, I wonder is Jalen Williams Jay jealous about SGA but there's none of that shit. So SGA is 33 a game, 53% field goal plus 17.6 net rating heading to this game. Although a lot of the OKC guys are way up 31.1 pr, which is really rare for a guard that's top 20 all the time.


And he plays every game, which I'm always gonna say this over and over again, durability should matter a little more when we talk about all this stuff. But if you compare it to Curry in 2016 when the Warriors went 73 and nine 30 points a game, 35 and seven basically. And he had all the 50, 45, 90% MJ in 92 when the bowls went 67 and 15, he was 36 and six 52% played 80 games. Kobe probably his best season was oh three for team success combined with the stats 37 and six and then Harden in 2018 when they went 65 at 17 he was 36 and nine.


So as crazy as this sounds, he's having the best statistical season of any of these guards combined with like, did you win in the mid sixties or higher? So if you're talking about, 'cause I've heard some people be like, Jo Jokic has to be the MVP again, I just think SGA, I don't know who I'm voting for yet, I'm taking it to the last week as always, but watching SGA do this over and over again in these big games, just get to his 40 points. His team is usually winning. He's doing it day after day after day. He has a dramatic effect on everybody. I just think he's checking all the boxes. It would be, it would be hard for me to believe he's not gonna win if they win 66 games.


This helps, you know, national, This One head to head Jokic has the greatest first quarter, not enough of a factor. SGA closes it out. I imagine more people are probably paying attention to today's slate of games than maybe a late Friday overtime win against Phoenix where he goes 30, 20 and 20 and it Jokic ISS seventh 15, 15, 15 game this season, which is the most, I think since Oscar Robertson. So I mean You go, did you see the stat he had a triple double on Friday night in the beginning of the third quarter and then a second triple double during the game on Friday. He put together two different triple doubles in one game. Yeah, I the momentum par for SGA with voters, my guess would be SG a's gonna win it because of how good the team is because of a head-to-head look.


They go back at it again tomorrow night. Right. I've never could be awesome tomorrow night. I've never once thought SGA was better than Jokic. I don't need, I still think Jokic is the best player in the league. So if it's close at the end of the year, I'm gonna remember that if I still have a Vogue we can get into some of the advanced stuff and depending on the day you sort it, it's SGA or Jokic and it's, it's really, really close with all that stuff. I think there's always a part of it too of like if Jokic took more shots, would we be more enamored with his scoring output? But it's just not the way he's gonna play. I also think OKC is just a better basketball team. So yeah, I'm still leaning Jokic And I, I wanna remind myself of that.


If it's close, who do you think is the best player? And I don't, I don't know that, you know, even with this season, well S G's done, I'll ever actually think that he's better than Jokic and that will factor into my voting And I, I wonder if Jokic like depending on seating and all that kind of stuff with the west, it will kind of matter you think for Denver with their home court it should kind of matter. But I think Jokic cost himself one in the mb the Mbed MVP season because towards towards the end of it. Yeah, he just seemed like he didn't care about it as much. So I wanna, that happen, SJ is minus, SJ is minus 600. I'm not deciding until the last week. But everything, everything SJ is doing, I find it hard to believe he is not gonna win with the team.


I think he gonna win too with team record and everything else. Yeah, yeah. But I'm with you. They, if I'm just starting from scratch and who is the best player in the league, it's really hard for me to think. It's not game to game. All the stuff Jokic does. And I think he's been in a harder spot this year with his team not knowing where you're getting from. Murray the first two months, Gordon's been up and down the last like six weeks with injuries Westbrook, they're relying on in this insane way now they don't have a bench at all. SJ is has at le if you're gonna like, and it's not his fault, but he at least knows when he leaves the game they're not gonna immediately crater. But it's a good battle. It's a really good battle. I hope it doesn't get, I hope it doesn't get cantankerous as we get closer.


It'll, but I'm sure it'll, You know, even saying some of the stuff I've said already, but if somebody said like, you need to explain that to me, I would just go, no, I, I don't. You need to explain Jokic also It's good to talk to like if you talk to people who actually coach in the league or run teams, Jokic is still the bar for the teams. It's a little like Mahomes Mahomes wasn't the best player in the league last year in the NFL, but he was still the bar that people pointed to when they thought like, who do we have to get by to actually win the title? You looked at him, you looked at Mahomes first. I think you look at Jokic first, It'd be one thing too of like Jokic was having a down season at SGA. There's just a huge gap between the stats.


Yeah. And then you kind of start leaning towards, okay well this guy's had such a better season that I can't actually, 'cause I think there's some curry stuff with LeBron where I don't know that anybody thought Curry was actually better than LeBron. He was just having those seasons. And part of the story, which I think is always a huge part with voters 'cause voters like stories, is that when it's new and it's kind of this, this next level of accomplishment, at least for the regular season 'cause that's what the award is, that player's gonna have a ton of momentum. So I'm with you. I'd be surprised if SGA doesn't win it. Yeah, well if OKC wins tomorrow and they win the back to back against Denver, it's probably gonna be a wrap at this point.


All right, we're gonna take a quick break and then let's talk about lessons from Lakers Boston last night.


One of the best parts of the tournament is when an underdog takes down a powerhouse. This was in my formative years with March Madness in the eighties. It was always the most fun when this happened. Right now those upsets can get even better this week on FanDuel. If you're underdog bed wins, you'll land even more winnings with the profit. Get some ideas from One Shining podcast with Tate Frazier. What a great podcast that is. If you've been waiting to join FanDuel, there's no better time. The app is easy to use than when you win. You'll get paid instantly. Just visit FanDuel dot com slash bs to download America's number one sportsbook today and back your dog of the day with a profit boost. 'cause after all, anything can happen in March. Must be 21 plus in President Select states or 18 plus in president dc. Opt-in required wager of at least plus 100 odds required bonus issues as non Mable profit Boost tokens restrictions apply, including any token expiration and max wager amount seat terms@sportsbook.funnel.com Game problem. Call one gambler or visit rg help com.


This episode is brought to you by MICHELOB ULTRA. MICHELOB ULTRA. A superior LIGHT BEER in the ultimate trophy. Win or lose, you're bound to enjoy the ride with a good beer in hand. MICHELOB ULTRA crisp, refreshing only 95 calories, a superior LIGHT BEER. No matter the game sporter, season superior is worth playing for. Always be prepared for a win and Order. Michelob ULTRA today available on Doordash. By the way, ENJOY RESPONSIBLY 2025 Anheuser-Busch MICHELOB ULTRA LIGHT BEER. St. LOUIS, Missouri must be 21 plus to order alcohol, alcohol available only in select markets.


One thing I forgot to mention about OKC, that Philly pick is such a monkey wrench in this draft. If that ends up being seven, eight, or nine, I just, I kept thinking about it, watching that game. Like I, what does this team even need? What are they? Look what is like, ah, we gotta upgrade. They like every part of the team, I kind of like, so anyway, all right. Lakers Celtics felt like a massive basketball game last night. It felt like real theater and the Lakers were a little compromised. No Rui and no even Jackson Hayes, I can't believe I'm saying it, but not having both of those guys having No centers. Yeah, having no centers an issue against a team that has size and could drive the basket. Celts didn't have kp but that game was really fun to watch.


Tatum was awesome. The crowd was really interesting about, I knew multiple people that were there and there were some Laker fans there. I think there was some secondary market Laker fans, so there was a real energy in the arena and the Lakers just couldn't keep up. It was unsustainable with those two guys. Then LeBron breaks down anyway, but what, what big lesson did you take from that game? Anything horford? Hmm. It's just incredible that this guy is doing what he's doing at this age. Now you start thinking, okay, how much more does he have? And that was probably a couple years ago. Yeah, when you're thinking, oh you know, remember that year he was lighting up from three from the regular season, which he's done a couple times and then in the playoffs it was just kind of over.


I think it just really fitting to, considering he was such a huge for age and signing and then I think a lot of fans were like, I thought this guy was like a max player and how come he is not like doing more of these things and you're just going, well there's, there's just more to it than just the scoring for Horford. It's being positioned the right way. It's, it's, it's a guy you want in your basketball team and then he goes to Philly, he gets flipped to OKC speaking to that pick. Yes. He gets basically sat down because OKC is rebuilding and then he comes back to Boston and he's a huge, huge, the luxury of having an Al Horford to step in when Pingus isn't available is incredible. And it was very clear that Boston had their hunting strategy. 'cause we talked about like that hunt happy approach to basketball that Yeah, you know, look is a big part of everything that you're watching every night.


But the Lakers like, let's kill Al Horford tonight. Okay, so I don't know if you saw the numbers afterwards. The tracking Bon Temps had it on espn.com. They targeted horford 23 times last night. Oh my that yeah. According to the second spectrum, the second most isolations against any player in a single game, since the player tracking started in 2013, 2014, he allowed 0.39 points per direct play. Wow. The second best efficiency by any player to defend at least 15 isolations in a game the last 12 seasons. The Lakers deciding what we like here is attacking Al and watching Al spread out one-on-one 25 feet away from the basket, getting down into a stance and fighting through every one of these hunting switches.


Like I lost track of other stuff that was happening in the game because I was having, you know, you never notice like something in a game you go, Hey, I gotta start watching the game here. Yeah. Like you've, you're focus. I couldn't stop watching him and just like out, I, I couldn't, I was so impressed with him that he held up that way and then I thought, okay, are they gonna get, like are they just wearing him out to the point where this is gonna become a real problem later on? And look, they got the huge lead. Lakers make a big comeback there, but Horford was a story. He's really comfortable at least banging with LeBron. Which is funny because there was that whole stretch when LeBron just owned the Hawks and, and they've, even though his minutes are the same this year, it doesn't feel like they've used him in the same way as they've been way more bubble wrappy with him.


And then if they really need him, they'll unleash him in a game like that. I agree with you. He was, he's awesome. I don't understand how he's still doing it. I was surprised the Lakers didn't try to get Reeves going a little bit more. 'cause I think that's somebody the Celtics have had trouble matching up with just those kind of herky jerky guards in general seemed to do okay against 'em. But I, I thought the Lakers just got too trapped into this idea of what they thought they they wanted to do. It was also a really weird Luca game who clearly wasn't a hundred percent. My dad was text, my dad went to the game, he was texting me and he was just like, what's wrong with Luca? Like I started getting those texts pretty early, like something's not right. He doesn't seem right. And just, he just seemed off.


And then LeBron got hurt, which, you know, he, he tweeted the groin, we'll see how long he is out. But this is the problem and you're overcompensating for these other things that are missing and you can fly around and you can look really good in a Thursday night game, but it's not sustainable. You can't, you can't put that kind of rebounding defense pressure on LeBron. So, you know, he might, they might drop out, drop down now to like the four or five seed we might get Lakers warriors Round one is, is not inconceivable at this point. Which I think would would be just a nuts series. One thing I noticed before LeBron got hurt, I like, this is the most fun I think I've had watching him since that since the Covid season.


Just some of the decisions, some of the ways he was attacking the Celtics, how comfortable athletically he was. It was actually looking a little 2018 LeBron to me, that whole run he had in the Cavs team. But he has obviously better teammates. I, I still would not wanna see this team in a series even if they don't have a center. I assume they're gonna have at least Ruby and Hayes when they get to a series. But how fast that they can make up these little eight point whatevers. I just, I'm just still taking them seriously. Last night didn't change anything for me. And then from a Celtics standpoint, I thought Bob Ryan had a great tweet about it. He said this Celtics team is like a gifted child with a concentration problem as Bob Ryan's take on last night's game.


'cause how many times have they been up? 22, 23 and they just fuck around for six minutes and the weeds seven and the crowd's groaning. And we're like, come on guys, let's finish the game here. They do it over and over again and last night was another example. So those are all my takeaways. I think leading into this, to be fair, the Lakers have that overtime win against the Knicks, which was an awesome game on Thursday. Yeah. They had been home since the last week of February. So they started a home stand. I think they would've been home from Denver probably the 23rd of February if they didn't come back. So it's their first time they're on the road. That game's March 8th, Boston sat a bunch of guys against Philly.


Like Boston should have been up for that game, should have been better rested. And when the lion came out it was like five and a half. I remember thinking like, I don't know, this might, this might be a spot. I guess the Lakers part of it has been really hard for me because I can't believe they're this good defensively. Yeah. And they've won all of these games and and the one thing that you thought when they added Luca, you go, okay, well how's that perimeter gonna hold up defensively? And then LeBron cranks it back up after having stretches this season where it looked like he was a liability defensively. But you'd imagine you gotta give him the benefit of the doubt in a playoff series. But I'm with you. Like I went to, as we talked about last week, a bunch of Lakers games in a pretty quick amount of time. Like I just all Of sudden, I know you're like the new Diane Cannon.


I know, I Know it's you, Diane Cannon and Lou Adler just go to Laker games One day, one day bill. But watching LeBron's shot making like this is not why you're listening to the pod. Like here solo say that LeBron's good at basketball, but the shot he's making in the angle stuff. Yeah. And these fadeaways that he's incorporated where you expect it to go in every single time. Like I can't believe how often he's making these shots. The the takeoff and the starting point of it. Like that's that's gonna go in. Yeah. And so, you know, whether we're talking to all NBA stuff and then you look at like the points per possession and, and what he's done and his, his life should be easier. His life should be easier Now with Luca where I, I think, you know, there's a version of it going back to peak Miami, LeBron, where you just never wanted the ball out of his hands.


Even though, you know, Wade is an incredible player and, and what he would offer in here. I I think the Luca part of it makes his life a little bit easier. Yeah. So I don't, I don't put a ton of sock in a last night's game because I think the way it was set up. But you would expect Boston was gonna win that one. Well also they dialed up the minutes. I mean they, they went for it like Tatum didn't, Tatum didn't come out for the first like 19 minutes of the game. He Played 45 5 last. He just played all the way through. Yeah, he went all the way through. They took him out for like a minute in the second quarter. I was like, Jesus, I think they really wanted it 'cause the Lakers kicked their ass. It was interesting though, my dad after the game, 'cause I, I FaceTimed him this morning. We were breaking it down and he was like, I thought they were scary with Davis That wa which it was I thought was a great zag by him.


I don't know if he's eligible now to come on first take and just like zag hard against perk and SAS but wait, but he was just like, I, he was like, I thought that team was really hard for us to play because how big enough physical they were. And now it's like, you know, he and he's made the same point that I was thinking watching the game and the announcers talked about too, like Jalen loves playing against Luca for some reason. I don't know what it is. But Luca brings out the best outta Jalen and Jalen really feels like he goes into these Luca games. Like we're at least gonna be a draw in these games and the rest of my team is better. So yeah, I I still feel like when it comes down to the playoffs and those two guys trying to figure out at least one of them's out there all the time, all the shit we've talked about forever.


I actually think we can't talk about this Lakers team enough. This is such a fascinating situation to have this one guy who's one of the greatest parts of all time, who's playing as wo as he is played in five years and then this other guy who had a chance to be the future of the league who's on his team. I've, I think I've watched every quarter of the Lakers since the, since these two guys have been playing together. Like I can't get enough of it. I was, I was gonna ask you this about the Boston part of it. Yeah. So the Bob Ryan thing is really funny, right? Yeah. It's really funny and clearly you watch him a ton. I watch them a lot And I started to have the same feelings again where it's like, why are you guys waiting so late to go into your offense?


Now it's shut down now it's Jalen Brown pulling up from this 1517 foot. Like these are, these are tough shots and honestly it feels like Jalen makes more of them than I expect. He Was really good last night for most of the game. But there's just a lot of those shots you're like, that's that's what you guys are gonna settle with. You have, you know, four people watching. And I think I did it when I did my horrible 15 teams in 15 minutes. It took 40 minutes. 'cause the whole gag is that it's supposed to be 30 teams in 30 minutes. And I tried really hard to keep it to 30 minutes And I think I did an hour. So I'll try to, I'll try to fix that next year. But every time you start going through this Boston stuff you're like, okay, well let me look up the offense. All right. Top five offense. Lemme look up the clutch offense. Okay, it's third in the NBA behind Cleveland and Denver.


So do you think you watch the Celtics too much and you take it more personally when they get bogged down into bad offensive sets when they have a lead where it seems like they're settling, they take too late to get into stuff, maybe get a little hunt happy when there's really no number that tells you it's that much of a flaw. It's a, I've watched too much of this team thing when they're up 23. I don't feel safe at all. I'm just waiting for stupid shit to happen. And that's, that's the biggest criticism I can have. I guess them they're up 91 69. I'm like, all right there's gonna be a run here. I'm just gonna just hopefully, hopefully Joe Ma will call sniff it out, call time out before it gets too bad.


And then it happens. You look at the net rating. So the last 20 games, they're still fourth, they're 15 and five in their last 20 they're plus 7.8. They haven't been like as kick-ass as I think they were in this stretch last year. And if you look at the top six teams who I think are Cleveland OKC in Boston, drop off Denver, Lakers, golden State as the teams that have a chance to win the title Minnesota I think has to be considered maybe as like a wild, wild, wild card. Who the fuck knows. And then Detroit has just been awesome with advanced metrics for like 25, 30 games and that's been our top eight.


The I, I just would've thought the Celtics would be doing a little bit better. That's if you're gonna talk about like as a Celtic fan, what am I concerned about? They're not dominating like they did last year in some of these games. Whereas OKC, it feels like OK C's usually gonna be up 2025 against a shitty team and the south it's like, well maybe they will now they've been resting dudes. Like they had that Portland game the other night where they were just like, hey pri and wait, just shoot, shoot the lights out. They had another game where it's basically just Tatum and a bunch of G leaguers. So they've been using the schedule and that's, that is some of the net rating stuff. But I'd like to see them go on one little streak here before the playoffs.


A little like what Cleveland's doing right now. Okay. Do you Think little kickass stretch, do you think It has anything to do with Pingus in and out though? Or you like it might get into a flow? Yeah, no you're right, it might, let's talk all NBA, we're Curtis in Let's NBA really quick. I can't remember with 20 games left. The first team already being done 'cause it's gonna be Jokic, Tatum, Giannis, SGA and Mitchell. Especially with a, there might have been some sort of LeBron push with how good he's been the last like six, seven weeks. But now if he's gonna miss some time, that's probably out.


I don't see there, if there's any way, I don't see any of those guys losing their spot. I think that's a wrap. But then we get to the second and third teams And I think it's gonna be a free for all where you know, if you only wanna take two guards for the second team, it's Edwards and Brunson and Cade, you have to pick two or you can tweak it and cheat and just put all three of 'em on there. I think LeBron is clearly second team All NBA at this point with the way he's played the last two months. And then centers between towns and Triple J if you wanna do a center for the hell of it. I also feel like Mobley and Jaylen Williams have to be on there just because of how well their teams are. I think both of those teams should have two all MBAs and then after that you could talk me into 15 guys.


But is there anything as you kind of look, 'cause we're gonna do this every week, we'll call it all NBA watch. Is there any sort of storyline you're looking at to see could this guy pass this guy? Could this guy lose his spot? 'cause for me, KD ISS not an O NBA guy if they're gonna be an under 500 team. Yeah, I wrote down kd, there's so many names that I had to write down where I think we've had other years where you're like, I think it's like 17 for 15 and then there's the line, right? And you knew the LeBron push would've been interesting if you wanted to put Tatu at guard Right Now. Would you, would you have agreed with that? So LeBron versus Mitchell for first team spot basically.


Yeah, yeah, yeah. That's really tough for me 'cause Cleveland, Mitchell's so important. What Cleveland does, I really feel like win should matter at least a little in this. I feel like his stats would be better if the team wasn't as good as it is. He's, there's some games where he plays like 28 minutes. It's not his fault. They're beating teams by 25 Now. It's kind of taking care of itself. Yeah, because a growing injury, especially being older already with a one to two week thing, like you hope this doesn't linger, that it changes. 'cause I, I really wanna see what LA can do. Like I'm excited me too about them now being raised to a level of actually having expectations where I don't really think I had that many expectations for him a couple months ago. But you could if you wanted to do that.


'cause Tatu basically plays point guard, so I don't think itd be that much of a stretch, even though he is not gonna be listed as a guard with Drew and Derek White out there and even Jalen Brown. So forget that. I think you're right with Mitchell rewarding Cleveland, he's the best player. So I think the LeBron thing kind of takes care of itself. But I And Mitchell's been awesome in big games too. Yeah. Yeah. I think he deserves it. I'm not even saying I was, I just thought at least like being creative. What was the other argument? If we wanted to try to play around with the idea that it was like set stone first team, LeBron, like the last six weeks. It's something like 29, 10 and seven, something like that. He's Playing. He's playing like great defense and he's like their best rebounder. So I don't know.


He was in the, he had forged his way into the convo. There's no question. He's at 58 games though, so it'll be interesting. Is he gonna be able to get seven? He got seven left, right? Yeah. Is he gonna get seven more out of the, I don't know how many more. So, so he had to pick two of, of Edwards Brunson, Cade, if you're gonna go traditional, how would you rank those three? Just with the all NBA seasons they're having? Because I would have Brunson Cade Edwards third, because I think what Cade's doing on Detroit is unbelievable. Yeah. I would say though, Like sometimes I get the ant thing, an stats are great. Records are on there. It's a battle. They're the same record. I mean, Minnesota has one more win.


They both have 29 losses. So I think you could probably, if you really wanted to push and say, well, ant's doing it 36 to 29 with this team in the West. I had ant, I had Kade third team. Okay. But I think Brunson, it seems like we're both, I think it's kinda interesting that both of us start with Brunson and then it's the other spot. Well, If Brunson misses four weeks with that ankle injury, maybe, maybe that flips not his fault, but it might, that might be the thing. Do You have Cat second Team? I, it's Cat versus Triple J. I think there's been some tough cat games lately. You agree? Been a couple, couple cringes. Yeah. But he's, he didn't shot a shot in that.


He, he'd take a shot in the Laker game in the fourth quarter T They didn't run a play for him. Yeah. But I think, you know, look what he's done over the full course of the season has, I get it been pretty remarkable. Especially if we're going by traditional center. I, he's Actually played center 54 games. I get it. I just think with, with Jackson on Memphis, that team's 38 and 24, although they've lost four straight and they never seem to know if Jaw's playing or not. And he's the most reliable guy they have. I would, I had towns, but I don't, I he's, he's not in, in Penn.


So were you doing four? Are you doing three forwards and two guards then second team. I right now had towns, LeBron, Edwards, Brunson, and Kate. I had them all in, but I'm not gonna keep it that way 'cause I'm, I'm still gonna go traditional even though they gave us the out to fuck around with the positions. What About Mobley? I had Mobley third team. And if, and if it has to be two forwards, I would move Moby to Second team 'cause of the defense and some of the other stuff. And I gotta say like, I think Jalen Williams has to be a third team right now with the record of that team. And, and then it's just wide open after that. Because I, the way Jalen Brown has played for the last four or five weeks, I think he's played himself back into the convo.


Harden's gotta be in there. Halliburton has been a lot better lately. Garland. If Halliburton, if you want At least like I wrote the name Down. Yeah, he's Hal is, I think he's right in the conversation. Again, Garland is in like the distant conversation. What about Steph? Who would you go? Steph or Garland? Well, Steph is the other one. And I, and the way Steph has been playing, I would have Steph over Garland because I think what's happening to Steph, Steph's the one to watch. Steph's the one with the arrow pointed next to him in the, on the record charts. 'cause he's got the swagger back. Did you watch, did you end up watching Pistons Warriors last night? Yeah, I watched it after the Lakers. I didn't, I, one Of the small TVs.


Oh, it's Big Stew. Get into St. Step. St was just like, I'm getting, he's like, I'm starting something with somebody. He's on the bench. He starts something. Anyway, but they played two really good games this year. Pistons and Warriors Pistons making a late run for League Pass. MVP, the Rockets had it locked up 40 games into the year. Now the Pistons are like, they're climbing up. They're, they, they've just had a lot of good ones. The Pistons made it hard on them. I you, you just kind of expected Golden State's gonna put together a few nice possessions here and it's gonna be a wrap. And it just, it wasn't, yeah, I mean, Draymond Green hitting the three of all people kind of closed the game out comfortable three, but they, they made it really hard on Golden State. Like those possessions towards the last, I don't know, six minutes or so, or the fourth quarter.


And this Beasley story's been unbelievable and like Unbelievable. All those guys want to get into it with you. And that's why I feel like Big Stu was left out. It was a massive overreaction getting upset with Steph feeling himself a little bit. Yeah, he was in front of their bench, but it wasn't like he was falling down on the guys. But Stewart doesn't care and teams need guys like that. He's going after Stephan LeBron in his career. And that has to be the only person. I hope there's not like a magic appreciation night for the next time that Pisses play. The Lakers walk right up to him. Kerr had a, they had one of those post-game locker room speeches after the Brooklyn game Kerr gave a speech and you know, it was basically like an NFL film speech.


But at the end was talking about we know we're gonna win these close games now we know how good we are in these close game. Like he basically, their whole thing for the first 45, 50 games of the year was, why do we suck in the clutch? We have Steph Curry, why aren't we winning these games? How are we blowing these games late? What the fuck is happening this team now? And you could feel it last night with the Pistons game, which was a tight game and it was a back and forth And I was watching it thinking the Warrior are gonna win the key play of the game. Jimmy Butler left corner takes Tobias off and hits like an 18 footer. And it was like, they just didn't have that. You couldn't go to Wiggins in that spot, right? It's just whatever happened that Butler trade, everyone found into place.


Moody became a better defensive guy. And I, I'm taking them very seriously still. Golden State. Could they win four straight rounds? Probably not. But would I round, would I wanna see the in any round? No. Would they be totally comfortable playing OKC? Yes. They love playing OKC. Those games are always good with the, they're always wide open and crazy and I think they could absolutely hang with them in a series. I don't think they would win it, but I think they could hang. You Could be asking a lot of loony against OKC because you'd have to go back to that. And they've liked using Quentin Post here just to space it out. That makes 'cause last night.


Last night. Big Airball last night. Yeah, it's, it's interesting though, like looking around the league, you're seeing teams go with some of this double big stuff. Boss has been doing a little bit more in Pingus is playing Oklahoma City, basically admitted, hey the rest of this year we're kind of experimenting with what we have here. And there'll be times where I think, okay, they're gonna split Chet and hard up again and then they bring 'em both out. And that speaks to just, you wanna talk about an organization that's okay night to night going, let's see what we have. Yeah. And what these combinations look like and, and have we found something with this double Big Houston's been doing it where it's a little bit different depending on what, how you wanna describe it with sh Goon or Jabari. But they've been doing Steven Adams with Jabari. There's been some of these teams that have tried some of this double big stuff.


But then I've also watched nights where teams are just closing it out really, really small. And I don't know if some of these teams that would prefer to close small are gonna run into something in a playoff matchup where it's just, it's just too much like where PJ Tucker is playing, trying to play Center for the Rockets. I dunno if it'll be that extreme. PJ Tucker in the Knick now they said experienced veteran and an enforcer. Okay, that's great. It's great For The mix on paper. Makes sense. We're gonna take a break and come back with our friend Brian Curtis. This episode is brought to by Whole Foods Market. The weather is warming up and it's time to enjoy brunch with friends and family all spring long with great everyday prices from Whole Foods Market.


Just look for the yellow low price signs that help you save money every day without compromising the quality you expect at Whole Foods Market. Discover low price responsibly farmed Atlantic salmon, no antibiotics ever ground beef and boneless skinless chicken breasts plus more throughout the store. Wherever you see yellow at Whole Foods Market, you know you're saving money. Save on the best of spring with great everyday prices at Whole Foods Market. This episode is brought to by the new MGM Plus original series Nine Bodies and a Mexican morgue. All right, here's one for the mystery fans. There are 10 passports, nine bodies, and one deadly secret. That's the setup for nine bodies and a Mexican morgue.


The new Mjm Plus original series that'll keep you guessing until the very end. A plane crashes deep in the jungle. Nine passengers survive until they don't. One by one, the survivors start dying in brutal, mysterious ways. Now they're not just fighting the elements, they're fighting to stay alive. Starring Emmy Award winner Eric McCormick. This gripping thriller will have you second guessing everything. Watch nine Bodies in a Mexican war streaming. Now on Mjm Plus with new episodes Sundays, by the way, great movies at Mjm Plus. Alright, we're bringing in a third party here to spruce things up. It's like an episode of White Lotus Bryan Curtis is here. Editor at Large of The Ringer.


You can hear him on the press box. A great podcast also Dallas fan. Is Dallas gonna be okay? Curtis? What? What's, give us the update. My god, I Just watched it. What's the move in Dallas right now? Do you see that sad Mark Cuban interview? Yeah. He finally broke his silence and he said part of the reason I wanted to sell the team is because I didn't want my kids to make a move like trading away Luca in his prime. And then they would get roasted on social media. And I was like, I know. No, I believe That. Is that the reason you sold the team? Yeah. I'm not not gonna buy that story. Mark Cuban. How bad can this get worse?


How would it get worse at this point? I don't know. Celo, do you ever remember an NBA fan base being this upset at a team before since you followed basketball Seattle? Oh yeah. I guess that's the last level. The team actually has to just move. Let me ask you this, would you rather be a Sonics fan or a Mavericks fan? Oof. Well, if you're a Sonics fan, you know, you're at least getting an expansion team. Right? But they're just gone. Yeah. Whereas now with the Mavs, they're still here. And I'm so glad you brought up that Cuban quote. He has been on a bender of quotes the last couple years. I I, there's just no way that you're like, you know what the number one priority is my offspring avoiding criticism, being faced with a task of something like this.


At least he had said, make a better deal. Like finally he said what everybody else had collectively agreed to here. 'cause whenever that trade, I mean like, I still haven't gotten over it. Me neither. But you just see people on tv, people be Like, Hey, people are acting like Anthony Da. No one's acting like Anthony Davis is bad. We can't believe this trade happened is the only point in the way that it, that it happened. Which we've already covered a million different times. So I was glad to hear Cuban say that just do a better deal. We still don't know why Cuban sold, why he sold when he did. What the reasons for there's, there's some not so conspiracy, conspiracy seat theories about it. It was an organization that had gotten into some trouble behind the scenes in a couple different ways.


There was always rumors about maybe he wasn't as liquid as people thought, but, and it was a deal that he made like a year before the deal actually happened. And, and weirdly he sold pretty low for what the value of the franchise probably was considering he had a top five guy. There's still some stuff that hasn't added up for me. Would you agree Curtis? I would. And my podcast pal in Dallas, Jake Kemp brought up another one, which is what happened to Mark Cuban running basketball operations with the Mavericks. Well that we knew that was bullshit though. But Was it was Cover wasn't covered that way to Curtis's point. It's crazy. Go ahead. Well, 'cause people just bought what he was saying. He was like, no, no, I'm still gonna be involved. And that's, it's never worked that way ever. And so it was not in any contract that he signed when he sold his share of the Mavericks for 3.5 billion.


This was just purely a, Hey, you can stay in on basketball thing. And Mark Cuban was cool with that, right? Mark Cuban sold that to the public. Like, these guys told me this, but it's not in this incredibly complicated contract. I just signed to sell the team. What? Well it's interesting 'cause he's not getting villainized at all for the Luca thing. And it's a little similar to when the Sonics left Seattle and everybody blamed the guys that bought the team and then moved them to OKC. This is, we did the Sonic Boom podcast about it. But Howard Schultz, the guy that owned the Sonics who the Starbucks guy, he was just as big of a villain because he sold the team to these guys knowing they were probably gonna move him.


But then he is like, well I didn't know that. You know, you can play dumb, you can do all you want. In this case, Cubans selling the franchise to these guys who clearly didn't know what this family, that clearly didn't know what they were doing, who knows what their intentions were. And it's almost like, could he have put in the deal? You're not allowed to trade Luca Duch for the entire 2020s. Like maybe he should have put something in there like that. But that's not why we brought Brian Curtis on NBA Media discourse in 2025. It feels like we're in the weirdest place we've ever been culminating on Thursday night between the third and fourth quarter of a Lakers game on national tv, LeBron James walks over and gets in Steve Na Smith's face about stuff he said about his son and it goes viral that night.


And Stephen A he wasn't pro, you know, he feels like he had to address it, right? Celo, he may, he might not have addressed it otherwise, but once it didn't it went viral. Didn't didn't wanna, yeah, he didn't want to. He didn't wanna, might not ever come up. He had to address it. And then it's this two three day cycle. Where are we going, Curtis? What, what, what's the end game here? What, what is the end game with just the media getting louder and louder and becoming part of the story in all these different ways? Something that I'm not sure anybody likes, but it just feels like we're getting more and more of it. It's so funny because not only did we have Stephen A reluctantly addressing it on first take Reluctant, and then on his podcast also also Reluctant because he had more to say.


The two hour show wasn't enough. My other favorite detail was that he mentioned he was sitting with Ari Emanuel, Larry David. Yes. Not germane to the LeBron confrontation, but just wanted to let everybody know that that's who we're sitting with there In the curb. Your enthusiasm trip. Shaq seats, same seats. Anyway. Yeah. He also said, you know, if LeBron called me, I would take the call. Right? So I would not send the most famous basketball player in the world to voicemail repeatedly and just Right. We did clear that up. It's good to Hear in the, in the thing I did, by The way, We, we can talk about, there's so many things to talk about, but the whole Stephen, A thing that really that got me was he said, you know, why didn't LeBron or why didn't Clutch call me to hash this out?


And I'm, you know, in a, in certain ways we can talk about the Bronny part of this. 'cause I think I'm sympathetic to a lot of what Stephen A had said about Bronny and the idea that bro, somehow Bronny is talking about Bronny is talking about your family and crossing this red line. Like I, I don't totally buy that, but the whole idea is like, wait, if we say something on a podcast or he says something on television, does that mean the person who's aggrieved can only respond to us privately? Right? So we say it publicly, but then they need to keep all their business behind closed doors. Like, wait, if you had a problem, why didn't you call me? Well you said it on tv, whatever I'm upset about. Right? Right. Like shouldn't they, they're media figures too in a way, shouldn't they? I don't know. Anyway, that also tripped me up a little bit.


I doing it during a game was pretty unusual. That was, that was different. I dunno if that's happened Before. I think it's a win for LeBron though. I think it's a win for LeBron in that moment. 'cause it looks cool. It does. Well, especially he's what, six inches taller, five inches taller? He looks intimidating. Yeah. See I I think he's a pretty theatrical guy. Yeah. And it was a moment to kind of look like this whole thing gets really, really weird because if somebody's like, Hey, that's just a father caring about his son. Like You don't wanna tell somebody that they're wrong about it. But the reason why the rules for this have changed is that ultimately, once Ronnie has an NBA uniform on, like this is, this is what we do and we're going to talk about it and he's gonna get way more criticism than somebody else who's not playing because of the lead up.


And that it felt like the most important thing was to show the power of clutch. You able to get this guy a guaranteed contract for three years. Because I think the fourth year is an option. Yeah. So it's a big win. Look what we can do, when we pulled this off and, and all this stuff and it's kind of celebrated by the Lakers, like, look at this, we're gonna make history. They were smart. Get it over with, have him play with his father immediately. I think there's elements of it where you can go, okay, I, I understand that part of it, but they, I think they misunderstood how nasty he was gonna get if he continued to look like the player that, those of us that did the draft tape for his USC thing where it just felt like he never really stood out. But you remember selling the selling point of bro was that he was a glue guy.


Like, well who takes glue guys in the draft, Right? Yeah. He's six one not a point guard. Right. Not a shooter glue guy. Who's the comp? Is he Davion Mitchell ultimately That that was the question. Yeah. Could he be Davion Mitchell, who's like a ninth man. Okay. But I don't know Curtis, if, if you're probably a little bit more tuned into it than I am. But do you feel like Stephen A had crossed a line that deserved that showdown that that stare down with LeBron? So there's not a like, you know, library of Congress transcript of everything Stephen A said about Bronny, which not yet. I wouldn't have had time to read even if there was, but I think this all starts in January.


There's that game against the Sixers and Stephen A had a couple of hits after that about Bronny. But really what he said was, LeBron put, you put his, putting his son in a bad situation. He shadow jamming his son to the Lakers. He has the tweet. What was that now, two years ago? Like Brody's better than guys I'm watching on League Pass. He sets him up being exist really, really good. Yeah. And then he put him in a bad situation and that as his dad and as the one of the greatest basketball players of all time, you should know that this isn't a great place for him to be in right now. Right. It's just not That was the point. I mean, again and again it's Stephen A so it has, you know, I'm not doing it justice probably. And if LeBron's watching that, I'm sure he can find some phrase or something to latch onto.


But that was the point. And that's a discussion you guys have had 1000 times about LeBron James and the Lakers. Well I think when you get to the, the opening night and you put the Griffeys court side and you do all that stuff, you're, you're bringing attention to something and then to expect people not to discuss it in the merits of it, I think seems pretty naive. I think Ken Griffey Sr. Turned to Junior was like, so he go number one Too, right? Or did he go, what the fuck? Like we were amazing. I don't know. I I just feel bad for Bronny. I, I like that's, that's why we haven't really talked about it that much on this pod. You know, I, he seems like a nice kid. I've always heard good things about him And I don't, I don't necessarily think he has to be in this situation, but to expect people not to talk about it is pretty nuts.


But that, what I Love though was like the lead up to it and then he was drafted. Then you had people on TV all of a sudden that were trying to Talk them sucked into it. Yeah. Yeah. But they were pro nepotism, right. That were just like, this is, this is a good thing. Right? This is like, this happens in every other walk of life. Right. Why can't it happen here? And I just always felt like it was a really simple explanation. Like, 'cause this one gets a uniform. Well this is, This is different than going the back and being in charge of travel. What's the bigger picture thing? Take LeBron out of it. That Stephen A who I think has been promoted by the network a certain way, right? As like a star on the level of the stars that we're watching in these games, right? Right down to the playoff games when they're, instead of having the walk-ins with, you know, Jalen Brunson or whoever, it's Stephen A walking into a Knicks game and they're covering it like he's an all NBA guy.


And this just seems like the philosophy of the network now is to be loud, loud, loud, loud, loud. It used to be some sort of a balance of like, let's do some really good stuff and let's have a couple pieces of what we're doing. Be loud. But for the most part we're gonna try to be a whole bunch of things. And now it seems like the loud is winning Curtis. Yeah, I you know when you said we haven't seen this on the court, we have seen this in the locker room a bunch of times, including by the way with Joel and Bead earlier this year. Yep. This is a pretty standard locker room media member, you know, athlete confrontation. I don't like what you said about me, I don't like what you wrote about.


But the difference is what you point to Stephen A had almost literally just agreed to a hundred million dollars a year contract are he's the face of the A hundred million total contract. Hundred million a year would be a lot. Excuse me. Yes. That's a lot. But he's the face of the network and as you say it's, it's a face of ESPN's approach. And with e ESPN I think there's an interesting question of whether they're doing more of this kind of stuff or whether the other stuff at ES ESPN has just been stripped away to such a degree. Yeah. That this becomes a bigger part of ESPN. You see what I mean? Like when you get rid of Zack Lowe, when you chop off all these parts of ESPN, Stephen A is just gonna be a larger part of the network.


He's just gonna seem bigger. Whether he actually is, you know, occupying more hours of airtime or not. What do you think ssc, do you feel, do you feel like there's been a subtle shift of how they're presenting stuff? Is this just the way social media and the, and the way people follow sports in 2025 is this just they're serving the red meat to the people who wanna eat the red meat? What is this? I've Argued now for years where I felt like I finally figured it out is that the audience gets what we want. So I think the audience actually does like this stuff. I had more friends ask me about who side I was on between LeBron and Stephen A than any other basketball question I've been asked by my friends this entire season.


So I think it is a win for ESPN. I think it's a win for Stephen A I mean you can get into whether or not somebody should be doing this on tv. Like remember four years ago when he went at Durant and like looked at the camera, he was like, gimme the, gimme the solo shot. I was like, you don't want to go at me. And I remember watching that going, would I ever, would I ever be at a position where I was threatening somebody else Right On tv. I don't know that I'd ever really wanna be that way, but I mean this is all, whether it's it's good or bad, it's all a win. It's all a win for Stephen A we spent 20 minutes talking about him and this is exactly what he would want. So That's, well we had what I think, I think that's how you keep score of this. Yeah. A couple days earlier, Barkley had that whole thing.


He starts to show, they clearly planned on, I'm gonna take some shots at the competition. And then Stephen A spun it after like he wasn't talking about me, Charles And I are good. And it was like, I think he was talking about your whole, the first take and countdown. He was definitely talking about the way ESPN covers basketball, which you're a part of. It wasn't just directed at Perkins, but then Perkins came back and that was another thing that happened. And all, all of this happened I think the same day where we had rival guys on two different networks taking shots at each other who might end up, you know, they're not really working together 'cause they're Producers a show out of Atlanta and then the Steve Na thing. And it's just like, is this just what we are now?


Yeah. And it ends with Keenan Thompson wearing a beard on weekend update. Like that's, that Was doing a Perkins per Yeah, we got, we got a Trump parody and we got a, we got a perk parody. Like that's, that's, that's America. Think about that. There's, there's someone doing a Kendrick Perkins impersonation on Saturday Night Live. That's a win for Kendrick Perkins. 100%. It's a big win. 100%. Exactly. If you had said, Hey do you think this will happen one day? Right? I'd be like, no. What be like, well how would Perkins ever be relevant enough for somebody to be doing an impersonation of him on Saturday Night Live? So there you go. That's the win for him. So I, I think all of these things are wins. Not that you know, hey all PR is good pr. 'cause I think I push back on a few stories from famous people are like, I don't know if that's good. I don't know if that's gonna help that person.


Yeah. But the TNT countdown deal, like TNT gets to be a show. Like there can be plenty of shows that I like or don't like on certain nights. If I wanted to sit here and bash TNTI could and go You mean the show that in this, in this world where the NBA is trying to figure out where it fits in and all the criticisms of it and the projections of different ratings. Arguments that I think some are valid and a lot are terrible. Where you have all of these players from previous eras just shitting on the product all the time. But then that's why everybody kind of loves the show, but at least they're allowed to be a show when they're done with the second game on Thursday night, those guys hang out all night and it's loose and they get to be a real studio show. And when I look at what ESPN asks of, its on air people, I, I don't even think it's a fair fight.


Even if you don't like anyone that's on ESPN, which I wouldn't say that's my position. Yeah. There's some people where I'm like, okay, you know what I, I like where this person's coming from. All right. This one I, I probably know what I'm gonna get here. I don't watch a ton of them 'cause I have to watch so many games And I don't wanna spend extra time watching studio stuff. Like when the second TNT game's over, I'll probably go and watch another game that I wasn't really watching that closely. But whenever anything's compared to TNTI don't know that people in television, well people in television should understand. I don't know that we talk about enough of like the room that they're given to be the show that everybody else wants to emulate but never lets their people on air have the same opportunity and same structure.


Yeah. It's eight minute half times it's an hour after the game. Eight Minute halftime. Are you se I Mean I'm saying an eight minute segment just in a row ESPN segment might be three minutes, you know? Oh yeah, you got four people, you gotta move, you gotta move around. They'll actually have a conversation. I was always jealous of it. Yeah, I feel like with these pre-game post-game halftime shows, the post-game show is always gonna win Curtis because you're reacting to something we just saw. It's the same reason why we do a lot of emergency pods or pods right after games because it's like, this just happened. What'd you think is always gonna win? And ESP and a lot of their stuff is steered toward Coming up later. What do you think's gonna happen?


I think this is gonna happen. I think Jalen Brown's gonna have a big game. It's just not 'cause you're, you know, there's only so much you can do with that stuff. But being able to ra react to what just happened is a huge advantage. The other thing is the TNT show is a comedy show. Like my wife will be sitting next to me like on her phone and when those guys come on and she sees Barkley like she's interested for six minutes 'cause she thinks those guys are funny. And I don't, you know, no other show has that, I don't think I completely agree about the post game thing. And that's why the late sports center with SVP is often better because he is got the guy on who just won the game. He, he's doing the breakdown of the game whether football or basketball. I felt some of the angst from the TNT thing is about moving to ESPN too.


I mean that was clearly part of it, right? Hey, we got this great show over here, we're moving over there. We all, but They're really not. They're doing it out of Atlanta still though. Right? They're they're, They're moving to Being simulcast on ESPN. I guess they're moving there. Do you think they're worried things are gonna change? Well IJ it just, it it felt to me like going from place A to place B was part of the subtext of that. You know? Right. We created this, we won Right. For 20 years we won the studio show war over ESPN. Now they're paying us to come over there. Some of us got new contracts, which we heard a ton about for the last year and change to go over there. But it also felt like that was a little bit of what Barkley was saying.


Those bozos over there, whatever word he used and now we're going over there. That, that was interesting to me. Well do you feel, so the main, his main critique was all they did was talk about the Lakers and and you know, and the Celtics and the Knicks and you know, that's and Stephen a's response was, well we have two hours, we have eight segments. I mean if and if you do, I haven't watched a lot of two hour first takes but they do bounce around a lot of stuff. What they lead with is usually the biggest teams mec they've been doing that since you were a young pup there. They're always gonna push people toward talk Lakers, talk cowboys, talk Yankee like whoever the biggest teams are.


Yeah. But I mean it's also a group on t and t who takes pride in not knowing who any of the players are. So like spare me the fucking deep dives guys. Like how come you're not talking about who's better in half court? Yeah. How come you're not talking about switches more? I mean those guys don't talk about any of that stuff. So I don't, And I honestly, I don't know that anybody really wants it. Hasn't everybody tried this? Haven't all of us that are like basketball and football nerds, haven't we always talked about how much we would love the idea of all these matchup shows and these deep dive stuff and film study and let's show it like we've talked about it. Nobody ever wants to do it. And when they had it on the NFL, when I used to watch that before the countdown show back when I was a kid Edge and the Sal Powell and those guys edge matchup.


I loved it. I loved it. Hey and he, and check this out third and seven, the interior feet of hunt at 22 are too far inside the hashes. Yeah. And Neil O'Donnell knows he has the go route to the outside. So you know, I maybe I was a moron and just thought it was all brilliant shit, but I liked it. And there's nobody does it it? No. I mean there's people on YouTube doing it and some breakdowns. So I don't know if their numbers are really good. Maybe there's some people out there that are doing some really good stuff. But as far as like brand name networks giving you that, is it because everybody in TV is stupid? Or is it because people are gonna tune in or click on the tab of Stephen A responds to the Brony disagreement's.


Everybody's how they, everybody's clicking on the last thing Everybody's click on. That's how, how they sell the headlines of this stuff too. Yeah. And it's, and it's not a apples to apples. 'cause if Charles Barkley was hosting a show every weekday morning, the A block would not be Thunder and Cs. That's just not the case. Exactly. Yeah. The show would not that just, they would not lead with it would Not, I would I also think that ESPN actually, and maybe you'll be surprised they get so much unwarranted shit just because they're the one partner that has all of these other slots to fill. Yeah. If TNT didn't have Charmed reruns Okay. And Bones and they had the next guy coming on to talk about something, you know, same thing with like CBS and NFL and the network partners for the, if if those channels were actually just 24 hour sports stuff, then you would find more stuff that you would have a problem with.


Look, I don't, I don't love all the coverage that I see. It's not for me. That's fine. I know I'm not, I'm not really the person any of that stuff is targeted towards. But I think that's always lost in that there's so many more things to criticize with the ESPN because there's just so much more real estate compared to all of these other partners. What is the strategy, if you had to describe a big picture content strategy for them as we head into the heart of the mid 2000 twenties here, Curtis, what would it be? I think every decision or just about every decision they've made over the last couple of years goes to two things.


Get ready for the first ever ESPN Super Bowl in two years. That's Joe and Troy. That's SVP to Monday Night Countdown. That's changing the producer of Monday Night Football, et cetera. Number two, get ready for the launch of flagship this fall, the streaming service. And when you think about it like that, you're like, why was Around the Horn canceled? Oh not bucket number one. Not bucket number two. Hmm. Why is Zach Lowe no no longer there when he is the best basketball writer on the planet? Oh not number one. Not number two. And to me it's so focused on those two things. Especially the second thing, especially flagship that you, if you just read it like that, the decisions, whether we agree with them or not start to all make sense to me.


And that includes the social media strategy and how they use a lot of those clips. 'cause they're just pushing interest and fervor toward that flagship thing. Which begs the bigger question, do you think the flagship thing's gonna work? That's a question. But that's, that to me is, that's their existential question. Like, we have to get this thing to work. We're, we're moving outta cable world, we're moving into streaming world. This thing has to work every decision. Right? Why do we buy, pay so much for the college football playoff again, why do we buy the SEC? Why do we do, oh that's all flagship stuff. And when you get left out of that conversation, you, if you're ESPN radio, let's say, right, mention Around the Horn. If you're not in that directly, is there a place anymore?


Do they do, are they that worried about you? And I think the answer is obviously no. Well, so where does the stuff, like all the weird original stuff they do on ESPN plus, like some of the stuff Omaha does, like, does that stuff, is that part of their plan or is it just gonna be game rights and reaction shows and that's the future of the, of the company? I think it's mostly that though. I think they do like stars. And since that's manning stuff, maybe that gets grandfathered in to the plan, right? Because if you're, if you're a star then you get to do different things, Right? Hmm. On the, on the Barkley being on ESPN next year piece of it. And just that show in general, look, who knows, it doesn't feel like it's gonna go great.


It's, it's just, it's like one of those when when Conan took over Jay Leno show and Jay Leno didn't wanna leave and there was just even before it started you're like, ah, this something feels off. I just, somebody delivering a show to ESPN that they're not in control of, which we're seeing now with McAfee, which I, I I'm sure they, they have mixed opinions on, but just, and Barkley who just doesn't give a shit anymore is the other piece of this. Right? And Kenny, I'm not sure he really cares about, like, they're just gonna go and they're gonna push and they're gonna tweak and they're gonna do their thing. It's, it really has a chance to be fascinating I think. And I dunno how it plays out.


Well I'm with Ryan, like the key is to also, will it just be able to roll into the night, right? 'cause that's the magic of the show. If it, if it doesn't roll into the night, it's not inside the NBA. And the fact that it's on so late too, I think leads to the goofiness. Yes. It's, you've been there all day, you've gone through the two games and then you're on those long stretches and that game that that whole post game is on so late. I think it actually is an advantage because yeah, they're groggy, so loose because Right. It's almost like none of 'em want to be there. But you know, bill, I think you're right. Like Barkley has been, has been on this thing for a couple years now of like, I might do this, I might do this, I might quit.


They're gonna shut down. And then you were kind of like, wait, are they not gonna be on the air in 24, 25? And then you looked it up, it was like, nope, they're still gonna be on. So I'm like, why are they talking about it this way? And then as soon as it transitions over Barclay's, Barclay's gonna make fun of ESPN within 30 seconds of them going on the air. Okay. And since it's going to be licensed or however, I don't know what the structures in comparisons to some of the other stuff, Curtis you would know better than I would is the understanding of just keep doing your own thing. And that might be the ES ESPN model. And that they're not really gonna worry about it the way they would worry about a studio show in the past. Because who could ever, who could ever on the TV side of ES ESPN show up to those guys and be like, love what you've been doing here. A couple, couple, yeah. Here are some tweaks.


Don't even like, I don't even know if anybody would bother doing something like that.


This episode is brought to you by hookah. I've gotta talk to you guys about the Bondi nine. The new daily trainer from a hookah. The Bondi nine delivers peak plushness for everyday miles overhauled from top to bottom. They've increased the stack height and added a new premium foam midsole to deliver that soft resilient ride that's become synonymous with the Bondi. And look, I walk a lot, I walk all around LA You need good shoes for that. These are perfect everybody Bondi. Visit hookah.com HO k.com to learn more about the Bondi nine.


This episode is brought to you by State Farm. State Farm helps you score an affordable price when you choose to bundle home and auto insurance with the personal price plan. Bundling home and auto. That's a pro move. Just another way you can save on your insurance needs. Talk to a State Farm agent today to learn how you can bundle and save with the personal price plan. Like a good neighbor. State Farm is there. Prices are based on rating plans that vary by state coverage. Options are selected by the customer availability. Amount of discounts and savings and eligibility vary by state


Around the Horn going away, which leaves some sort of hole, which I guess there's been rumors about an hour long. PTI, which I just feel like would happen over corn. Heider's dead body. I was gonna say he's been my friend for a long time. Does Tony wanna do That? I just, he's, there's, he's so maniacally precious about the format of that show and how sustainable it's been for this whole century to then just double it and be like, all right, more of us and we're gonna have an interview. I just don't see him at his age wanting to do that. Yeah, but I Also But can he write a book called I'm Back for the Cash? Well that's, doesn't, doesn't, He might have enough cash. It could be a number. I think he has enough cash.


But I do wonder, I was thinking of PTI and and there might be a chance to reinvent that show a little bit because when you think, and I've talked a bunch about how the content cycle has shifted in the last 15 years that I've been doing this, where it's just gotten faster and faster to the point that Sal And I went from taping Monday afternoons in the late two thousands Guest Alliance to now we're doing it like literally right after an NBC game ends. And you have these guys coming out at five 30 ESPN and it's like, if you don't watch that show when it's happening, it's got like maybe a two, three hour shelf life. 'cause we're going running into sports. So it's like Luka Don's first game back in LA First home game.


What do you think's gonna happen tonight? Wil Bond. Like you can't listen to that nine hours later. So I do wonder, is there a chance to reinvent the show? Do you think there, it's just too stuck in its ways at this point, Curtis? Or what happens and you think Reinvent it, like making it longer, making it different, making it quicker reacts to Something. Do you rebuild it? Do you rebuild the structure? Because I think if you were doing that show now, you'd probably want it to be on at 10 in the morning. I think you would want it to be on coming off the night or nine in the morning. You'd want it coming off the night before with the same format go, I think would be a bigger advantage. I think the Five Thirty's really hard. I mean, have you thought about that? Silla like, yeah, remember the six?


I feel like sometimes when we do pods late, I feel like it's like this feels almost stale now when it's gonna come out. Think about what the six o'clock Sports Center was like. That was the Marquee Sports Center. Okay. Yeah. I remember they used to offer it to Scott all the time and Scott would just say, I'm a games guy, I'm a games guy, right? I wanna watch the games in the studio with the staff. I wanna figure out how we wanna talk about the games once the games are over. I don't wanna do the six. And they wanted him to do the six all the time. And he was turning down what was thought at the time. Like the marquee slot. When's the last time you turned on the six o'clock Sports Center? It's pretty rare at that point. You're thinking about the games that are about to happen.


I don't, games are already on. I don't remember the last time. Well they're not already on obviously 'cause it's six o'clock East coast. But I'm, I'm gearing up for the game. Oh, it's three o'clock our time, right? Yeah. I'm waiting or I'm waiting until the last possible moment to turn on the TV knowing that the TV's gonna be on in my house for the next six hours. I I think you're right about the Kornheiser Wilbon thing. Being early. Wouldn't would they want to do it? I also think a huge advantage they have over every other show is if they launched that show brand new Tomorrow, would it have any traction at all? Because it's almost like radio where it's so habit forming that there's such an older generation of people that have been watching that show for 20 plus years. Because I'll hear people talk about it like, Hey, this is the only show I trust anymore.


Right? This is the only thing, like there's all of this equity with that show, this buy-in for the show where, and again, I'm the wrong person here, but when I catch it, there's never something where I go, oh, I hadn't thought of that NBA angle. Yeah. Or Wow, well you're coming for the two guys, Right? It's because of their chemistry, it's because of their personality. But like, I don't expect Kornheiser to say something about the Oklahoma City Thunder that I never would've thought of because I don't, I doubt he's staying up late watching Thunder games. Right? So there's this buy-in with those two because of their personality, but also the habit forming thing that you have with radio. And that's what I think is, is so different about that show.


It's almost like this audio product that benefited from being in one of the best slots that you could have because it was lead into the six o'clock that used to matter. And you know, Curtis knows this, but one of the biggest things with audio is just habit. Like why are you listening to that show? I don't know. I just like it on in the background. Oh, I throw it on in the car and then you might not even like the person. What do you think Curtis? Like what is, what is PTI two years from now? Well that's the thing is I think when, when we talk about ESPN as a streaming service rather than a cable channel, just the entire calculus is different because you're no longer thinking about, Hey, we gotta get from five to five 30, then we gotta have another ride home show from five 30 to six.


Like that, that thinking isn't the same, right? If you were watching television at five or five 30 in the afternoon and you're choosing through a bunch of streaming options, you can watch 10,000 movies. You can watch White Load, you can watch whatever the hell you want. So my prediction would be, hey look, if they get Tony and Mike to do an hour, I'm sure they'd love that. 'cause that show's Grandfather Day and that shows a hit on its own rights. But what I would think they're gonna do with a whole daytime lineup is just, other than the things we talked about, let's just go inexpensive, let's get through the day. Because our big wins in streaming will be games and stuff attached to games And that's it. That, That's, that's the business. I just think that's what it is. And I think the whole daytime part of ESPN gets devalued.


I had Does it matter though? Sorry, I I I actually just want to ask her like, people in my position can get really entitled about this stuff, right? I'm never gonna work there again. But just that all of these landing spots exist for different people and you're like, how could they get rid of this? How could they get rid of all these shows? How are you getting rid of Around the Horn? You know, why wouldn't they have done this? Why wouldn't they have done, do you think ESPN ultimately got to the point it's like, okay, first take we get a half a million viewers, we actually kind of own this slot here. There's not, there's like, there's a ton of competition midday in sports from anybody else. Obviously Fox tried to do that at some point that hasn't worked out. Do You think the right answer, even though on-Air people would never want to hear it, is that why do you have all of these resources into a bunch of shows that for the most part, like there's not, not many of these shows are like killing it, but the ratings That yeah, you just run video podcasts of stuff you already did and just, just kind of chew up innings with that and save a ton of money.


It is an interesting question. It Wouldn't be the first time it's happened in the history of cable. That's when I was kid, that was all cable. It's like, oh, press your luck reruns on for the next four hours. Right? I mean, And I think Ryan, I think you're exactly right And I think the It's, but it's all of television, right? We're just so used to this thing of like, oh, it's midmorning. That means there's game shows and then there's these, you know, soap operas are gonna start all these things. And I just think the, when the future is streaming again, it's not happy if it's our friends that are affected by it or people we like, right? But it's like they just don't, it's just not that important to them anymore. It's so clear. I mean it like what, we know this, right? They're not like, Hey, we're losing a daytime hit show. Let's come up with another one. Let's get ride home industries to come up with another one or replace.


They're just not thinking that way anymore. I had a great TV viewing experience the other day, although it was a sad one too, but the Bruins are trading Maran and there were rumors like he might be going, and my dad texted me, I'm, I'm like, what? And so I'm trying to find like, is is there an NHL trade deadline show? What's going on here? Ended up on the NHL network. It was just two dudes. The show is outta like 1981 and they're going through info and it's, this thing is happening. And I was watching it consuming in a way. And I, I like, that's, that's where those shows still have an impact. Where it's like, this just happened.


How do I get information about it? You know, you'll see it like NBA trade deadlines like that or like the, the, the day of free agency in the NBA on July 1st, or NFL, something happens on a Tuesday, you know, there's a trade or somebody's out for the year. It seems like the immediacy of this just happened. How do I just get any sort of information? I don't even care. I honestly don't know the names of the two guys who hosted this NHL show, but I watched it for like 45 minutes. Like they did, they didn't, it's a, it's a conditional second what's going on. Yeah, that's my NHL network story. Priscilla seems like he's enjoying it. I used to watch the MOB trade deadline stuff.


Like I had a job in a front office, Right? Like I would, I worked at night so I wasn't really taking a day off or disrupting my normal routine. But I would sit there with a notepad And I would have my scouting books that I bought from Boarders And I'd have baseball America ready to go And I would just sit there being like, oh my God, that's that lefty who, you know, he was just incredible against things. Well The Cardinals gave him up. He was their number eight prospect. Did you see a splits of Chattanooga? This is incredible. I loved those shows And I love that you had a moment where you got to feel it in real time. But I just wonder if anybody's going to that anymore. If they're thinking I need to throw on a studio show. Like I still love the NBA head deadline stuff because it's my every day, but I don't, yeah, I don't know if I would go to it with the same anticipation.


And look, it's funny, gamuts could make up shit 25 years ago And I was entertained. I was all in. I'm like, di, you know, we've already talked about my attraction to Diamond Notes in the past, but I just wonder if it moves too fast now where the value of the Wode stuff and the sham stuff was making sure you had their Twitter feed. Yeah. Like I wonder if Elon, although Elon's been busy, should he actually suspend insiders accounts that are only reporting breaking news a minute after somebody else has? 'cause I've noticed a lot of that. Is it worth it just to stay in the game, to be like, I didn't break this. Fuck it Sources confirm, you know, and then like, is that replaced?


The immediacy, the need? You know, it would be great. It would be great if there were three or four people out there that I felt like I trusted to put the work in. Maybe a Zach Lowe, obviously a Windhorse with all of his sources. Yeah. Or somebody that's good at both the information and being good in a studio and stuff. Like I still love that stuff And I would watch that stuff if I'm not taping with you during the trade deadline. But I always have to ask myself like, are you one of the only people that still wants something like that? Like your joy for an NHL trading deadline studio show? Are you the asshole? Right, right. They, they were trades And I, they, it is like a five person trade And I didn't know who any of the five people were and I'm like, oh, surprised they did that.


Like I feel you had have opinions on that stuff. I think that's still the magic of TV is when you can just go live with stuff like that. I mean, that, that, I mean, I'm, I'm the same way. Well, We miss it though. Well, we, because I, I've thought about that with podcasting and radio. Like I did some interview where I didn't, I thought, well, you know, look, the Luca Trade's a perfect example. Luca trade happens. Bill And I are with Mahoney 10 minutes later. Yeah, 10 minutes. So we're replacing the, the live part of it. But I, I do wonder if there's, And I think I'm wrong, I think I'm wrong to wonder if there's ever a moment moving forward where people go, you know, what I kind of miss is just knowing the show was live and they were reacting in the moment. 'cause I think it's all replaced. Curtis Will like this story.


The, the, so I'm a kid, I'm staying at my mom's house in Connecticut. And I don't think it was the fan, it was even a New York Sports station that wasn't a fan. And Dave Sims was hosting like a NBA draft show. And you remember being a kid in the eighties, there's just no information. You don't know any, you, you might be like Sports Illustrated might have like here's, here's how we think the top 13 in the draft's gonna be like, oh my God. Like there was just nothing. You couldn't find anything about anything. And there was this radio show and they just did the draft for like three, four hours. And I, I, I like you could have a, a bulldozer could have driven through my house And I just would've like moved rooms.


'cause I just wanted to hear the show so bad. And I do wonder like that that sensation has to be gone these days, right Curtis? There's no, I don't think so. There's, there's no show like that anymore. No, I mean I do, I do think the Luke is such an extreme example, but that night, I mean first of all, when I saw that you guys were taping, I was like, here we go. I'm ready. Right. I'm excited about that. But then when I saw that, that Windhorse had gotten on ESPN and they like kind of bro caught him onto the network, onto the air and gotten him in a suit like someone had just died, you know, like it was like, this is big, you know, Brian's awake, Brian's in a suit, Brian's ready to go. Like that was like, as a viewer, I'm like, this is exciting. You know, this makes me feel like, holy shit, something amazing has just happened.


Do you think Windhorse is like, fuck man, I was gonna play golf tomorrow now, now I'm on a connecting flight to Hartford. 'cause they, they need me to get in there. But see like that's, I like that you brought up the Windhorse thing. 'cause at that point you're thinking, all right, who could actually be on TV that I would want to hear from? Okay. Yeah. That I know is gonna have something that I don't know. Not that you or I are at the same level of reporters or whatever, but I think we're probably pretty good on it. Right? Yeah. If Luca gets traded, you And I are gonna be Able to space. We can hang for an hour this space Hang. Yeah. The beauty of a win horse, which seems to be where all of this is moving away from, is that I know in those few minutes he's going to kill it and he's gonna have something the rest of us don't have.


Yeah. And he also had that rant during the playoffs last year, which he also said after he did the rant, nobody actually came to him to be like, Hey, you're taking, you would've thought somebody would've gone, Hey, leave our guy alone. Even if Windhorse was right. Which it was. And so Windhorse had all of these awesome moments in that spot that I fear we're gonna lose forever. Yeah. That's that old school TV authority too, I think. Like I'm paying attention to you. Yeah. You know, you know stuff and you're also just have a kind of presence on the air, you know, which, when a horse comes, I think from being in print a little bit and seeming like kind of a reluctant second career TV guy, the Go bear move for him was like all time.


Yeah. Like his approval rating would like, he, after that it was like, everybody's like, I love this guy. I gotta say the the Luca thing he did at, when the Seltz went up 3.0 in the finals. 'cause I actually watched that 'cause I was watching when after Luca got traded, I'm just like consuming everything trying to figure out what could have happened. And it was like a preplanned monologue in his head. He's doing it stand up on the court. He clearly had something to say. He also clearly had information from somebody on the Dallas side that colored why he was doing this. And he was really convicted about it. And he wa and he was like, this is a real problem for this team. That this guy is handling big games and big moments like this. He hurt the team today.


He's gotta fix this. And now when you look back at that mo I haven't talked to him about it. But you know, that was probably the genesis of when that trade happened. That finals where I, we still think it's the dumbest NBA trade of our lifetimes, but that was probably where they were like this fucking guy. And, and it just, that was it. And they just start complaining about him and complaining about him behind the scenes and that's it. But yeah, people are, they're still good journalism out there. And I also feel like the bar of people kind of policing it has been really good. I think people are are getting away with a lot less chicanery and putting out false shit.


Nobody wants to be wrong. I think people are really careful about when they put something out. And occasionally we get a fight at a Starbucks at the combine. We're from Howard Schultz's son. Yeah. Did you lead the press box with that or was that just a deep dive investigation after the fact? That was almost my, you know, win horse Lua trade moment. I almost had to go live. Do I have a suit? I don't. Priscilla, have you done the combine? Have I ever done gone it? Right? You must do it right? You've done it Right. No, no, he never did it ever. Mha Ssha was trying to get me to go and do it like kind of before. I think he had done his own thing. I think last year he'd asked me, Hey, do you have any interest?


But it just, it hits at a really bad time. Like it's just when the basketball Yeah. Cranks up. I'll be honest, I'm pretty sick of football at that point. Yeah. And so I I think from To decompress, Yeah, I think from a networking standpoint it's really great if, if you have anything going on in the media because everybody's just kind of around. You're gonna making a lot of contacts and everything. But I don't know man, I I can get a little selfish about my schedule. I, I haven't really talked to you about this, but McShay And I text a little bit now. Interesting. Yeah. I'll just sometimes text him football stuff and then he'll text me Back. That's pretty cool. Yeah, I put Bill on a thread with my college roommate, which is incredible. Yeah. I'm on a, I'm, I'm, I'm on a thread with S'S roommate and conspiracy theorist extraordinaire Timmy and Bill and Bill hit one of my favorite threads every time he, every time there's a text, I'm excited about it.


It's great because The Boston guys, 'cause he is not from Boston, but the Boston guys are like, Bill's on a thread with you and Walsh. And I went, yeah, like how did that happen? I go, yeah, it's, it's rarefied, rarefied air with all this stuff. It started with a UFO conversation in Denver and then we just kept going,


Hey welcome to a special part of the show, which is brought to you today by Audi with their all new fully electric Audi Q six e-tron Wanted to do, this isn't like, we're not gonna do like a recap of Celtics City each episode, but I wanna do like one little piece from each episode that I thought we could talk about in a modern context.


So the first episode, a lot of it's about Bob czi who I feel like has this fascinating big picture, whatever he means in the context of American sports in the 21st century. It's either underrated or overrated but it's not what I think people think like that you could, he's the most popular player of the first 15 years of the league. He was the first exciting player of the league ever had. And he actually should be discussed maybe a little more reverentially than he is. And instead the only time he's been discussed this decade was JJ when he did the plumbers, that whole plumbers thing that he did when he kind of disparaged the first 15 years of the league. And people got upset about that.


But Curtis, just as a sports historian, Bob Cey big picture. What are your, what are your like immediate thoughts? I'm a guy who primarily is venerated, I dunno if properly or maybe venerated at all in Boston newspapers right now. I mean I feel he is lost. I feel he's the guy that, you know, gets the globe column Every once in a while. Bob Ey is still alive, but he's still proud to be a Celtic. He Gets a couple things like, yeah right. I mean I'm just trying to think of where he lands in culture. Pre documentary, not that many places. It's interesting to look at the anniversary teams 'cause they would do, they did like a 25th anniversary team for the NBA in like 1971 and Cozy was, you know, clearly on that.


He's one of the 10 guys and then you do, you know, the 40th anniversary, he's still there and the 50th anniversary and then, but this just as the years pass, you just start getting shoved out, right? For the newer guys or the legends. And the thing with him, the the, there's all these different time machine guys that would be so much fun if you could just take them out and put them in a different era. Like you could take, I don't know, Jason Tatum right now and put him in 1955 and people would be like, what's happening? CZI would be fun in the reverse. Like if he just came into the way league's played power. It's just like he's just going nuts throwing like these behind the back crazy passes.


He's always trying to do fast breaks. How does this play out? Illa? He probably struggle a little bit. I think if you just dropped him in a machine, think they'd Play off him. Yeah, they play off 'em. Yeah, I think they play, they go under the screens 33% first career from the floor. But yeah, I don't know if it's because of the Holy Cross thing. 'cause of my family lo I obviously you went to Holy Cross, but there was, there was a version of events where I was gonna go there. My family on my father's side loves Holy Cross. So there's just this absolute admiration for cozy Veneration. Yeah. It's just, you know, there was, this wasn't a bad word spoken about Bob Cousy my entire upbringing.


Right? Yeah. And so then once you get internet access and you start digging through it, you're like, what? What is the fuck is this? But I, that's where I think this is becomes a real mistake. His rookie year was 75 fucking years ago. Okay. So like the game was a little different. They ran up and down, they shot it immediately. Yeah. And he was the best point guard of his generation for a really long time. Like, you know, if you want to get into the Oscar Robertson stats thing and all that kind of stuff. And yes, the team was always better and you know, there was just a different element of, of what sports were back then because they were able to keep the team together and red was just better than everybody else. I just, I think it's entirely unfair to look at his shooting splits and the fact that he dribbled with one hand and then dump all over the guy when his rookie year was 19 50, 51.


I mean, can we, can we, is that okay? Well, have you ever talked, Ozzie's talked about this when you dribbled back then you, you couldn't carry the ball, you couldn't carry on the side. Jerrys talked about it. You couldn't carry it under, you had to literally dribble like that. Right. And you're playing in these shitty sneakers. It's not, it's like night and day. It's like comparing automobiles from the 1950s to now. I think the passing the highlights are still really fun. Like we had a bunch of them in the first episode, the behind the head, the way he would like bring guys in and you know, everybody was, everybody was in play when he was the point guard. I do miss, like I, I feel like that type of point guard is doesn't really exist anymore. Right. You're almost like a score slash distributor now.


You're more like a Darius Garland type. There's not, Rondo was probably maybe the last kind of piece of whatever Cozi was way, way back then. The way Rondo played I think was, I don't know if we'll see it again. Will we see it again? Illa. I just don't know that you can survive having somebody that's, you can just ignore, you know, whether it's, whether it's a big, I mean you can have a center but it puts you at a disadvantage. You could have a non shooting point guard but it just puts you to disadvantage. So I think you're just looking for shooting at all five positions the entire time. You know, Rondo at his best was, was terrific. But he still was thinking, you know, kind of he went under. Yeah, Yeah, yeah.


I also thought there was something with Rondo that that took away, I don't know, I didn't wanna turn this into a Ron criticism, but when he would scream for the outlet every single time, I think there were times where it was like he wanted to be in charge of the possession. He used to drive some of the other guys crazy. You like the guy who always wanted to drive on the cross country trip? Yeah, that's fine. Go ahead. You could drive. I'll be back here studying. I, I don't know, I, I think the cozy, I think guys that get really nasty about Cozy, I just wanna be like, can you pick something else to be upset about? Yeah. Curtis in the eighties it was cozy and Heinsen with Mike Gorman. CZI was the third guy a bunch.


Wow. And it was amazing. And it's still like up there for my favorite announcing teams of all time. 'cause CZI and Heinsen had this, you know, amazing relationship where they over, I think they overlapped for one year at Holy Cross. They played together for, oh no they didn't overlap at Holy Cross. But they both went to Holy Cross and then they played together with the Celtics I think for seven years. So they just, there was this real friendship with them and they were also like pretty critical of, of, you know, they, they had to combine like 15 rings so they'd be critical of the players they were watching and they, it was just like hanging out. It was like a podcast. It was, it was amazing. CZI had that. There were just names he couldn't say 'cause he had that crazy French accent.


Like he Rajan Rondo just would've been unachievable for czi. There's no way he was even going near it. But I Was thinking about that though when, when I was, you know, look, 'cause he was just such a legend from the area that we're from. So maybe people aren't really understanding it, but when they used to be on the broadcast, they would kill players. Okay. Kill players. Right. Could not care less. Right. And if there was an opposing guy that stunk and had a big, I remember there was this guy for the Nets who like went for 30 or something. It's the Celtics and and CZI would just be like, I've never seen this. You know, he, I can't even do the accent. It's so, it's so tough. Yeah. But it was just like, this guy's never done anything his whole life. Like what is this? And it was kind of funny like coming off of last week about the positive negative stuff of it.


There is no broadcast you could talk studio shows and you know, whatever we saw from first take at different times in the, in the nastiness that he can get to and be like, oh how different is this from other times the broadcasts, you are not going to hear anyone criticized in an NBA broadcast, especially a national broadcast. But even the home broadcast are just so positive about the home team. They don't really have that much time to even be negative. I mean look the fouls, it's all Homer. We get it back then they would just destroy. Like it would almost, you'd look forward to a cozy game 'cause it was gonna be so unhinged and funny. Especially when the team was bad. Well Curtis, you remember Bill Walton when he did the NBC in the mid nineties was considered so negative.


I think they had to take him off. I think it actually like he, he was like too critical because it's another thing like Bill Walton was one of the best 30 players, 35 players of all time. So he would watch somebody suck and he would just call it out. And I think it got too negative even for NBA coverage. You remember that? Yeah. Well he was killing the players on the court and he was killing Steve Snapper Jones in the seat next to him at the same time. Right. He was killing everybody. It's funny 'cause he's such a happy joyous guy. It just was the thing.


Anyway, the all new fully electric Audi Q six E-tron, a huge leap forward featuring effortless power, serious acceleration. The most advanced tech of any audio ever experienced technology that puts you center stage with the panoramic digital stage. What's your car strategy when you have the kid in the car? Curtis iPad? Just nothing. Look out the window. What do you do? Yeah there's some, it's audio books. Audio books. Oh smart. A Little car sickness. You know, so audiobook is kind of, Kind of nice. Well you got a panoramic digital stage in the Audi Plus. An optional screen for front seat pastures. Perfect for watching the latest sports documentary. The Q six E-tron. Not just the new ev. It's a new way to experience driving. Learn more@audiusa.com. Always pay careful attention to the road. Do not drive while distracted.


Before you go Curtis, Can I speak a Bill Walton memory in here too Real quick. Please do it now. Alright, so Steve Snapper Jones is talking about Shaq's foul shooting. Pretty sure this is during the finals maybe the conference finals. Shaq goes up through the line, makes one and Walton just in the broadcast goes, I believe that's called face. And then I'm pretty sure if I'm remembering this right, Shaq makes another free three. He actually goes two for two and he goes, I believe that's also called Face just right in the middle of the broadcast. Huge NBA game. But he was just too weird. Ultimately I think PAC 12, PAC 12 was, was probably the right landing spot. People misremembered that later. They were like, he was amazing wearing an Uncle Sam suit.


Like yeah that wasn't great during the NBA finals. So they, Yeah I, I think the Walton stuff though was just the, the theatrics of it that maybe didn't play as well on a weekend afternoon where I just remember there would be like a turnover. I'd be like, that's Gonna be, that's terrible. Worst. That's terrible. The worst pass of Poo Richardson's career. Will he ever recover Poo Richardson He just Be like, I don't know, it's 67. 64. A lot of time left in this one. So ESPN premiered their three man lineup after the all star or three broadcaster lineup. Doris Richard Jefferson and Breen NBC announced that they're signing Reggie Miller to be the the person next year.


And it's just weird to me it seems like in the NBA for whatever reason and maybe it's 'cause they make too much money as players and they just, the studio gig is easier. You get to whatever you want. But it seems like the, the big names gr kind of gravitate to the studios and not the games. Will we ever have a great game broadcaster again? Curtis? Have we, how many have we had yet? You know, nationally, I mean you And I always have this conversations like who's the John Madden in the NBA And you can pick guys, you know, you can pick a Huey, you can pick Van Gundy had a good run, right? Wasn't maybe, but it was just like there wasn't that guy ever really. And it's funny if it were the NFL somebody the other day was like, should they add Tom Brady to the Fox studio?


It's like they're not Tom Brady in the studio. It's like you're doing games. Yeah. Need it for The games. This is the thing you do got, we need you to do the games. And I don't know if it's just a thankless job 'cause you don't get as much time to talk as an NFL announcer or what. But yeah, it's funny. What do you think risc? Because you love Van Gundy And I still, I, I went like, I'd probably was too down on Van Gundy 'cause I didn't really think about what it was gonna be like when we didn't have him. And I really missed him in a game like last night. I, I just think Van Gundy was the best to have done it on the NBA. And I, I thought there was a huge gap after him because even, you know, even no matter what was happening, you know, people got like really annoyed with the Breen Mark Jackson Van Gundy thing.


'cause people were like, oh, it's like a podcast or whatever. But sometimes within the game it's okay to stay with a talking point. Yeah. And you know, the real chemistry is knowing when Breen needs the room to do play by play to get you through the stuff that matters. But then finding a way to circle back to the talking point. And then if you've got a blowout with that group, then you know, again it turned into, oh they're doing a podcast again. And maybe it was a little too negative on the NBA stuff, but at least I felt like it was authentic. And then Van Gundy would have a moment that he would pick up that nobody else would pick up. He would, he would just pick up these little things that was happening within the game. It just meant that he knew every little detail of why is this guy, why is he coming in here as sub here?


Like Van Gundy would give you a couple of those moments that I just don't know that anybody else has given you enough consistently. I really like Richard. I know it's tough because he's coming into an early established thing with Doris and Breen, but I'm, I don't know. I I think they'll be fine. I really, I really do. I I think Three persons hard. I know three person's hard, but, but I, I don't think there's enough time in basketball for the three people. And even like the Breen Van Gundy, Jackson, Jackson really laid out. I mean Jackson was, I don't know, it was Van Gundy's broadcast and then Jackson would chime in with stuff. But that the, the balance, the usage rate Jackson was lower. I didn't think it's a hard thing to navigate. 'cause those games that goes by so fast, you'll have like a five, six minute stretch that it's just, it's going, going, going, going.


I thought Steve Curt was the best one that I'd heard. There was even a moment this year when I was thinking when it seemed like the worst season might be going sideways. Like, oh shit, could we get Steve back for tv? 'cause that would be incredible. You know, I, I think it's probably a coach who's recently, I I think Doc could have been really good last year if, if he hadn't left after 40 games. I think it's probably a coach who has recently gone against everybody he's calling the games is probably the biggest advantage for this. And then the ability to actually be candid about what they're seeing. He's Gotta be done because be coach that gets into broadcasting is getting in there to get his next coaching job. So it's gotta be like a Madden type where like, I'm out, this Is It.


I'm out and now I'm gonna be letting it fly from now on. But the other problem is the the like I think Wade could have been really interesting if he had just been like, all I wanna do is be a TV color guy for games, but Wade's made $400 million or $380 million whatever it was like he owns a piece of Utah. So, you know, I don't know if the money is the same. Whereas the NFL could be like, no Tom Brady come do this. Here's $35 million. Or Hey Trey Treman keep doing this. Here's a lot of money. You know the money is just different. I don't, I just don't think it matters as much in basketball. In football there's a weightiness you kind of need for a big game. You really wanna be in good hands with the right announcers.


You really want to have them walk you through stuff and teach you stuff. I don't know if basketball needs that as much. Do you think it needs it Priscilla? Like do you feel like we needed like the greatest announcers ever for OKC Denver today? 'cause for the most part you kind of know what's happening. The guys today are great by the way. Passion legs are terrific. Legs did a good job or Legs did a good job today. That was one of the reasons I thought about. It Has a lot of moments in games where he is on it. Like he is seeing some of the stuff that I'm talking about. There was a game, I forget, I think it might've been a Phoenix game or something, but he basically had figured out like, this coverage isn't working. He goes, look for them to bring two on this next one and try to meet him on the catch.


And he just, he predicted the future. It was perfect. And the next possession of the thing that the team was running on the catch, the other team brought to two defenders. And I just, I just think that's really important stuff. Like just gimme a couple of those, you know, just a couple a game that tells me that you know, because you played or because you coach or you've, you've spent your life in this sport. There's gonna be a couple moments that I may not be picking up on all this stuff, right? Because I think even TV sometimes at home I can find myself like losing track of some of the stuff like, oh I didn't realize that they, they haven't contested or this is the guy that they're ignoring as you're trying to keep track of all the stuff that's happening in the game. The big moment stuff.


I think you're right. I think football needs a little bit more that overhead shot of a stadium. A hundred thousand people, people losing their minds. I think that's why Musburger lasted as long as he did. I think Brent would be the first, he even admitted it in some of the interviews. He's like, I stick to last names. He almost wanted to find a way to be more efficient and like limit the bad shots. Yeah. But when it was Saturday night and it was a big college football matchup and you heard Musburger bring you in, it just sounded right. Even if he might screw up a third down because I think there's some football guys that if I'm really paying attention I'm like, is this guy screwing up all the time? Or whatever. But I don't know that we care. I I think, you know, part of it is, is it a voice that I feel familiar with And I, it's hard to become that.


Like you just have to keep getting all those opportunities. But I think that's a big reason why they went back to Musburger later in his life because it felt right when that camera shop op or camera shot opened up and the first, the first voice we heard was his. One thing I liked about Van Gundy that I missed now. And I actually thought the game last night needed, maybe Jefferson could get there. There was a, you know, there's the, what's happening in the game? You have that whole piece. What are the storylines coming into the game? Dan Gundy was really good at like the Celtics last night. Tatum just doesn't come out for the whole first quarter. They start the second quarter. Joe Mass leaves him out, he leaves plays in the first 18 minutes of the game. And at some point during that, 'cause I was texting with with Celtic friends about it, we're like, oh shit, we're treating this like a game seven.


Like this is really interesting that we're treating the game this way. Like we're going big minutes for the best guys on the team. Like hmm, this is an interesting subplot that's developing. And they just didn't talk about it on the broadcast. And I always thought Van Gundy stuff like that didn't slide by him. And that's like kind of the last thing is like when some sort of big thing is developing out of a game, you gotta see it immediately. And if you don't then why are you there? Yeah. And to me that's a play byplay announcers thing too. Noticing that that you're talking about going 18. That's a, that's a thing. I think that Arine an eye and eagle, a tarico when he starts doing it full-time next year will be all over.


You know, that's the thing. They, they can, I mean basketball to me is just such a play byplay announcer sport. Like it's their, it's their game. You know much more than football game is and the really good ones will just be all over little things like that they know. Yeah. I remember when Jalen And I did a game with Tarico. We did like a Celtic Quaker game 2013 or 14 and Tarico just let us do our thing for like 42, 43 minutes then last five minutes it was like, okay guys, I've got this. And it was just then he just took over the last five And I was like, oh yeah because it's ultimately, it's a play by play sport. All right, I could talk about this stuff all day. Curtis, what do you care about this week for the pod? Anything? Oh my god we got an NBA four pack Coming up tomorrow.


What does that mean? We got, well we got a four PA Stephen A of course. Yeah. We got Dream on Carl Anthony Towns, which we didn't even really get into. We got the key that interview. Well I just, that that one is like, just apologize. You got it wrong. But the best part Was if you, if you're gonna have a platform, apologize when you fuck stuff up. That's it. But The best part was him getting the whole trademark name of the podcast in in the non-apology. Right, right. That made me so happy. So what's the, what's the fourth part of the Four part? Wait, Stephen. A Jamon Barkley Bar oatmeal. That's four Cuban. That's four. Cuban interview. Oh, Cuban. Okay. Yeah. Silla. What do you care about this week?


Did your dad text you that they could, he could kind of understand why they traded Luca After watching him up and down the court, He did express concern that Luca did not seem healthy. Okay. That was his thing. My dad was always scared of the Lakers with Davis. That was a real thing for him. He, he's always scared of teams with size in the playoffs when things slow down. So there you go. Before we go, quick question Marillo. So I was tweeting about does the NFL salary cap matter when it goes up $30 million a year? No, it's unbelievable. Why do we do these like hundred best free agents Coming up and all of them are just gonna resign with their teams? 'cause you can just spend whatever you want.


Miles Garrett having a change of heart. Right. That was great. I love how dumb we all are. Like he couldn't just go, oh I didn't know they were gonna pay me this. Yeah, let's go, let's, well and then it, but instead they have to craft something like as if he was sitting around being like, you know, really love this place. Yeah. The more I'm thinking about it, once you put that four in the, in the yearly salary instead of the three, I really started like Cleveland a lot more. This is bad for Parsons and the Cowboys. Oh it feels like it might be. It's Horrible. He was already licking his lips on Twitter today. I mean he's like, oh yeah, here we go. Cowboys waited too long again.


Yeah. 'cause with the cap, I get it, I understand it. It keeps going up and all you're doing is just pushing money to the next year and hoping that at some point you don't have to pay the piper. And then if you get in a Russell Wilson Denver situation, that's when it goes bad. Where it's like you keep pushing the money and then it's like, oh this guy didn't work out. Now we are completely fucked for an entire season. But for the most part it just seems like these teams can just, you know, Dallas is gonna be able to afford Parsons. It just seems like all these teams can afford whoever they want. Well, because they can, I mean the, the spikes every year it's gone up like seven, eight, it went up 14% one year and 24 it went up 13% against the previous year.


So the salary cap for 2025 is 2 79. Jesus. In two 50, in 2015 it was 1 43. So the cap has almost doubled in 10 years. And so every time you're structuring these contracts, and by the way, there's another lesson in there too. It's like why are you waiting to do any extension with anybody like a Jamar Chase or, or like a, a Micah Parsons like get it over with. Do your quarterback early. So a lot of the time too when you see the quarterback numbers come out and you're like, that guy's getting paid that much and it's that guaranteed you go, dude, year four of this deal, it's gonna look like a steal based on percentage of the salary cap. So you know, we talked about some of the NFL NBA part of it. I don't know that that's ever addressed enough. You can, you can't really be in cap hell anymore in the NFL.


Doesn't seem like it. Well there's one way. I mean You can, but not really. There's one way if you have the Deshaun Watson, Russell Wilson like big money thing that goes completely wrong and even then it can't like it's okay. Yeah. But they have to be able just not to play at all. Which is what those guys were both into. I'm not saying it's impossible, but if, if you were to look at these projections and where the cap is ultimately going in the NFL, I don't like there's just more leeway on top of the other cap rule with the NFL that I don't know that anybody ever really talks about in like carrying over some of that cap space, which we've always talked about with the NBA. 'cause the NBA cap thing that I hate is that depending on when your rookies are due, their extensions, you can have this cap room window and then you have to spend it on somebody that you probably don't want to.


And then it ends up that everybody's spending way too much on a free agent signing the non like tier one guys just because you're hoping somebody takes your cap space because all that cap space disappears just because the rookies have a raise in the NFL. Sure. There's part of that with the quarterback. Or maybe you nail it with like an all pro guy who's a non quarterback and some of this stuff, but looking at how how much this cap has taken off, it fixes a lot of problems for teams. Yeah. The Pats needed a left tackle and still do. And there was this long list of free and left tackles and now all of them are gone. And then I, it's a complete panic on the on the Pats fans text threads.


'cause it's like our two choices now are to overpay somebody who's not good or to take a guy who might end up being a guard instead of a tackle with the fourth pick in the draft. And it's just like, I thought we were getting Ronnie Stanley that was on everybody's list. Oh wait, he's going back to the Ravens. I don't get it. My favorite cap thing ever was that whenever the hockey lost it's mine and people are giving like 20 year contracts to as a cap to to remember that. Yeah. And it was like, this guy's gonna have a 20 year $80 million contracts and they get spread out. It's like what's going on? All right, Brian Curtis, great to see you as always, relo. I will see you. I'll see you next Sunday.


I'm sure. I'm sure we'll see you at a home Lakers games since you're the new Diane Cannon Koval Chuck. 17 years, 102 million with the devils 17 years. Can you imagine if NBA GMs are allowed to do that? Oh my god. Oh My God. It would not be good. All right. Good to see you. See you next week Priscilla. See You. All right. That's it for the podcast. Thanks to Sir Rudy and Geha and Kyle. Don't forget you can watch this on the Bill Simmons YouTube channel. I hope you watched as a video podcast on Spotify. Don't forget about the re watchable coming Monday night. We did Best in Show Threatening to Become Sports Movie Month. Who knows.


And then Prestige TV podcast where we're hitting White Lotus. We're also covering severance on there too. I'm not on that pod, but I am on the white Lotus Recap pods on Sunday nights And I have an absolute shitload of fun doing those with Mallory and Joanna. I will see you on this podcast on Tuesday.


Must be 21 plus in President Select states for Kansas and affiliation with Kansas Star Casino or 18 plus in President dc. Gambling problem call 100 gambler. Visit rg-help.com. Call 1 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org/chat in Connecticut. Or visit md gambling help.org in Maryland. Hope is here. Visit gambling help line ma.org or call 803 2 7 50 50 for twenty four seven. Support Massachusetts. Or call 1 8 7 7 8 Hope and y or Text Hope and Y in New York.


This episode is brought to by LinkedIn. During the season, every baseball team plays 162 games. It's a true test of endurance. It's not enough to have a month or two. You need sustained dominance throughout. While the same is true for your small business, it's not enough to have a great Q2 or even a great year. You want year over year growth that starts with better hires. That'll be there for the long haul to find those hires. Use LinkedIn. LinkedIn has strong hiring data and insights that you won't find anywhere else to help pair you with the best candidates from unique skills and interests of the connections you have in common. Based on LinkedIn data, 72% of small businesses say that LinkedIn helps them find high quality talent. LinkedIn also lets you go beyond people who are actively applying in a given week. 171 million LinkedIn members aren't actively seeking jobs, but they are open to new opportunities. That's a big pool to miss out on. If you're not hiring with LinkedIn, find your next great hire on LinkedIn. Post your job for free at LinkedIn dot com slash simmons. That's LinkedIn dot com slash Simmons to post your job for free terms and conditions. Apply.