
This episode is brought to you by Michelob ULTRA, the official beer partner of the NBA. What do I love about the NBA championship? Well, first of all, I love when the Celtics win, but that's not happening this year. But you know what? I really love the drama, the pressure. Everything goes to the highest level. Guys are injured, guys are banged up. Guys are hungry. It just brings out the best of everything. And MLO Bal Ultra is helping you celebrate like a champion with a chance to win your own limited edition championship bottle. Just like those gifted to the NBA players during the championship parade. Enter now at Michelob ULTRA dot com slash courtside slash champs bottles Michelob ULTRA courtside, Victor Solomon Champs bottle sweepstakes, no purchase necessary. Open to US residence 21 plus ends June 22nd, 2025. See official rules@michelobbelcher.com slash rules for free entry prizes and details. Message and data rates may apply void. Where Prohibited.


The Bill Simmons Podcast is brought to you by The Ringer Podcast Network where we have a new re watchable is coming for you on Monday night. We did Working Girl. It was me and Amanda Dobbins and Joanna Robinson. This is a beloved movie. There was a lot of pressure, but I thought we pulled off a really good podcast and you can watch it on The Ringer Moves YouTube channel or as a video podcast on Spotify. This is a pretty good sports weekend. We didn't just have game two of the NBA finals that I'm about to talk about with Ryen Russillo in one second, but we had an awesome French Open. I don't know whether it was 'cause they switched channels with the French Open or what happened, but the woman's the, the French lady making the semis was great.


Cocoa wins in the finals and then today, five center, five and a half hours Alcaraz comes back Beats Center. Really great drama with that. We had UFC last night. We had money in the bank. WWE that happened. Red Sox, Yankees, just when it looked like the Red Sox season was over, they sucked me back in. And then we had the NBA finals as well. So we're hitting, we're hitting hitting June here, NBA finals. We'll see if this can end up being an awesome series. Game one was awesome. Game two wasn't as awesome, but there were a lot of lessons. We're gonna talk about that as well as a bunch of NBA predictions for what's gonna happen the rest of June because it's starting to get a little action packed here, but it's all next.


We're gonna take a break. We're gonna bring in Pearl Jam and then Ryen Russillo Sunday night next.


This episode is presented by State Farm. It's no secret that great teams need great teammates. I've been saying this for years. And when it comes to Insurance State Farm is there to help you find the right coverage for your home car and more. Whether you need an in-person or a digital assist that ready when life hits you with a full court press, get a game plan that helps fit your life. Talk to State Farm today. State Farm with the Assist coverage options are selected by the customer. Availability and eligibility vary by state.


Alright, Sunday night, just watched game two, Indiana, OKC. I'm sorry, RACC. I thought that might actually be a good game. I was all excited to to just say like, holy shit. We're on pace for an amazing series and all of a sudden halfway through the second quarter, that game slipped away and that was it. Indiana got the game they wanted, won and won, heading back to Indiana for game three. But what's your big takeaway from that one Masterful game from SGA? Yeah, I mean this was the full display of his ability, of his understanding, his smarts, his efficiency. I mean the stuff that he was doing, he was just in control of the whole thing.


And it was, it was just so like functional, you know? That's the difference. Like I enjoy the visual of Ant more than I do SGA. I've never first, second thought Ant was a better player than SGA. But like this is the part where it's just so much of the focus on what he's doing, dictating things, getting empty on the left side going, if you're gonna double me, I'm gonna do this to you. If you do this, I'm gonna do this. And it was like every single move he made was was just the right one. He was awesome. Yeah. SJA was the takeaway. I actually felt like they didn't talk about him enough on the broadcast. 'cause Uhoh to me. No, just that was, I, I thought they could have done five, six more minutes on this. Guy's just dominated the Pacers. They seemed fixated on how not taking control offensively.


I thought KC won this game offensively. You know, they were, they controlled the rebounding in this game last game. They didn't, SJ was the best player in the court by far. They got a really good dork game. They got a really good Caruso game And Wiggins And then some Wiggins threes. And that's just like, that's OKC has had 30 games that looked like that during the course of the season. SJ is awesome. Three roll guys step up. They get a couple defensive patches. And I, I gotta say, I didn't mind how Halliburton played. I know, I know. Sometimes it looks a little dicey when you look at the box score at halftime and you're like, oh, what? Why isn't he asserting himself? But I think he's one of those guys that just makes the right play a lot.


And the way OKC was defending him, the people that are throwing at him, you know, he's just not gonna dribble into two guys. He's not gonna try to take 24 footers with, with two hands in his face, you know, in the second quarter of a game. He feels it out. He almost almost attacks the game like a hockey player. And you know, he ramped it up in the fourth quarter, but I I certainly didn't think he was the reason they lost. Did you? It was, I wouldn't put him in the top five. Wow. He didn't think he's in the top five. You put him top five. I would not, I mean five. You can come up with five reasons why the Pacers lost this before Ur who, yeah. They Couldn't stop. Yeah. Couldn't stop SGA role players couldn't, couldn't shoot Second quarter, what was it?


33 27 and all of a sudden OKC blew the game open when he was on the bench. I thought they didn't control the boards in the same way and I, I really thought they were gonna get something from math in this game and they didn't again. And the Matt, what did Math McConnell had 11, math 14, but most, most of those were when the game was pretty much done. But, and then Toppin just had three, Toppin was one for eight. So they couldn't get that, the bench guys to really get going in the same way. I don't know. Oh, Casey was gonna win this game. It was an easy bet. That was why the line was 11 and a half heading in there. But I don know you So you thought, you thought there was some blame on Halliburton?


Yeah, I mean I think it's 180 and he has two baskets. So I mean, the way that we've started to talk about Halliburton, the expectations that you're not gonna be invisible offensively. And I, I think you're right that, you know, it's in the past we talk about like, Hey, where's this guy? And then everything just kind of goes crazy in the playoffs with, with how much we adjust some of the ceilings on the players. And we know that he is, he is fully capable of just not having a great scoring game. But to your point, being very in control of everything that's happening and making the right decisions, everything. But he just wasn't aggressive at all. Like when he finally had that second make the game basically felt like it was over anyway. Yeah. And it was, that might've been the third make, but it was just a simple like handoff and then he runs his guy into the handoff for the screen and just gets a little bit of momentum going towards the hoop and hits this floater.


You're like, all right, you know, where's, how hard is it to do that a few more times earlier on, I do think with OKCs defense, you know, I'm crediting the Pacers and Halliburton and Carlisle for using him off the ball instead of just doing this straight, Hey, we're gonna do this thing over and over and over again right at you. And it then becomes easy to defend, especially against this team, meaning the thunder who they've been defensively. But I don't know, I just would've liked to see him be a bit more aggressive. I I wouldn't spend an hour trashing the guy because that would, that would feel unfair with what he's done. But he just, let's do it. Do it. Yeah. I don't, I mean the easiest Thing thing in the world is just to be like, oh you need to do more. You need to, well no shit. No shit. He needs to do more. But I, I'm not like mad at him today, Right?


I thought game five of the New York series, I thought he was, I thought that was a really strange game by him. I didn't feel like this game was that Strange Dot was, I voted for Dort for Defensive Player of the Year. I thought Dort threw everything he had at him. It was interesting when they interviewed Jalen Williams at the end of third quarter and they're like, what are you doing to slow down Halbert? And he is like, Lou dot, Lou dot. So he's going full tilt and then when he comes out there's Caruso and their entire game plan was like, we gotta make other people beat us. We can't let him get going. And also when they were making shots they couldn't run. So I don't know. I'm sure he'll look at stuff and maybe, maybe he'll try to get going in some ways. But I thought he took some, he took a couple good threes that I thought were going in. They didn't.


And the problem for them is when he's not scoring and they're not getting fast break points, all of a sudden it starts to, we start adding up and it's like, shit, how are they gonna get to 110 if he's not gonna have points then they're not gonna get fast break points and they're not gonna hit a bunch of threes and that was it. But you know, They got the game they won. Now KC gets to go back to Indy. That indie game three is gonna be, you know, I'm sure all the Indiana Legends will be there, the crowd's gonna be crazy. And we, we've seen OKC on the road look a little sketchy sometimes. You know, they're a different team at home than on the road. So if I'm Indiana, I'm like, we're good.


Three games at home, let's do this. Did you see any adjustment stuff from OKC other than they played? It seemed like they played the Bigs a little bit more, but it wasn't like dramatic. Holmgren played 27, Hartenstein played 22. So they never went super small. I don't think other than that I didn't really see anything. Yeah, I love the Hartenstein minutes again, I liked them in game one and you know, there was a couple things I was looking for and I, I thought the double big stuff really worked. I mean they were a disaster on the boards in that first game. Yeah, the Pacers had 56 boards, they were plus 17, they hold the 35 boards granted better shooting as well, but a minus eight for the Pacers on this one.


So there was how much he wants to do the double big stuff. It seems pretty clear. And this is the other thing that I saw in that last regular season game is that I don't know if OKCs worried about Hartstein being a target for all of these different guys that are really good with the ball in their hands. You know, it's like four different guys. If, if they feel like if they go double big then it's a real concern what's gonna happen with aka I imagine is is part of thinking about it. But you know, sometimes when we think about different roster options and which five guys you want out there, we only think of the downside to what those things can be. And I liked the minutes tonight from those guys and they didn't, you know, that was another thing with, with game one. I thought he brought back SGA a little late tonight.


It didn't really matter. He brought 'em in two minutes after Halliburton and I thought Carlisle, I talked with legs about it, like Carlisle was probably thrilled that they went small to close. It lasts three plus minutes in game one being like, all right, great because now we don't have to worry about Miles Turner being a target as much. Even though Turner was kind of like their offensive plan it felt like for much of the third quarter. So by that point the game didn't really matter to see if they were gonna experiment with something small again. And you're right about the pace thing, like the Pacers always have like this Knicks series versus this series. It looks so different because the Knicks could not ever figure out a way to adjust to the transition part of it. Yeah.


And that transition part of it through these two games, I think it's concerning. It's great They got the split obviously you know, there are huge underdogs in this, but have you felt like at any point during these two games where you're like, oh there's Indiana, like out rushing and, and just flying and getting those easy buckets and the defense is scrambling. Like it's just something I thought about is this one went fine and like I don't, I don't really remember any part of this offense in It lasts two days or last two games where it felt like it was just so unrelenting because of their pace. Yeah and that's the thing with Halliburton, like he's not like a mega usage guy. No. You know, and if, if he misses a couple shots early and if he's not gonna run the ball in the fast break, it's not like he's gonna figure out how to get 20 shots though with sim way SGA would, I'm with you, there was a couple moments when they ran when they actually had like lanes and you're like, oh there it is.


But I really think OKCs entire game plan is for that not to happen. You know, they're just, they're sending multiple dudes at at Halliburton and they don't, they don't want Indiana to run. And when Indiana runs, they're a different team. I think at home they're gonna be able to run probably a little bit more. I be, so I li I was with you on the double bigs and they only did it, it felt like for maybe four or five minutes, but in those minutes they just seemed huge compared to Indiana. 'cause Indiana's just not a big team. I wonder conversely with Indiana, are they gonna go super small and try to have like multiple guards and multiple handlers? Like will they play McConnell, Hal Burton and Emhart at the same time, shit like that to try to make it a little more chaotic and track meeting.


Trying to think of what adjustments they would do. I think you're in a lot of pro you you, you're, if you're that small though man and even like to the pacer small lineup, it's not necessarily that small because top and AKA are probably their preferable five depending on what they wanna do with the rest of the guards. But you know, OKCs a big team and even though Caruso and Wallace are their smallest guys, they're just such bad asses and they're so strong caruso's in on everything like that stuff. When the game starts to get to a point where like other guys are tired and then he's just on the baseline and it feels like he's just everywhere and everybody's forgetting about him and how hard he's fighting for position and right.


And becoming like this last second little thing. It's just, you know, He's all over the court. Sometimes he's under the rim. Yeah. Then he's in the corner, then he is under the rim again. It's like, how'd you get over there? I also feel like, and I don't, I don't care who wins this series, I'm amazed by how much he gets away with, with the hand checking and stuff. He's just, the way he uses his hands, it's gotta be so frustrating to go against him because like everything's a foul. So nothing's a foul. Right? He's just, he's establishing contact and he's just, that's what he's doing and it's really effective. And then they, you know, Wallace is another one who's a little bit handsy.is just like built like a fucking football linebacker.


I can't imagine Hal Burns having a great time in this series. Even the game winning shot he hit at game one. That was not an easy shot. I, it was funny 'cause we went right after the game and I only saw that play and then we went right on. There were so many fascinating wrinkles to that last play where they, it seemed like there was a split second where he could have Backdoored to AKA for a game winning layup. And Caruso was kind of frozen by the possibility of it, but the shot he ended up making, it's so weird to see somebody they think they're gonna pass and then shoot it. It lasts second. But my point is nothing's, nothing's coming that easy. Tim, do you think OKC has this, has those first two games changed? Any opinion you had on this series?


You know, I think the only thing, not really, so the, the simple answer is no. I, I thought it was gonna be really hard for the Pacers to solve this defense four times for four wins in a seven game series. Yeah. But with what the Pacers have done here historically with these comebacks and what is it, eight and one and Clutch games. So of course tonight doesn't get into the clutch category. The only thing you were thinking about in between game one and two, at least for me, you know, I'll ask you, but it was, is there gonna be some weird, like the Pacers are just more comfortable in this spot because it seems a little silly to be like, you know, the thunder were young and this is still sort of new to them.


And it's like, well you know, it's not like the Pacers have been in seven Eastern conference finals here. This is, this is exactly like this hardened team even though they made it to the Eastern conference finals last year. So they make it one more round. And so I was, I was letting those thoughts enter my head but I never felt like conclusive of going, does Indiana have this like intangible advantage? That's hard to describe other than there's just certain teams that look comfortable in these moments and, and other teams that don't. It's so funny you mentioned thoughts creeping in your head about halfway through that first quarter when it was going back and forth and OKC looked a bit frazzled and the pace was a little chaotic, but Indiana seemed really comfortable with how it was going and I started thinking like maybe they just loved the speed and physicality and everything of an OKC series in a way that other teams seem to eventually shrink from it.


Like maybe this is just, maybe they're just finding themselves, maybe this team is just hitting some gear and that there's been examples in history. Like I remember in oh four with the Pistons as that Pistons Lakers series went along, you could kind of feel them growing into just the dominant team and same with the Spurs against the Heat 2014. So I didn't, I did, I was watching going, huh, maybe Indiana's just awesome, you know, and then all of a sudden they're down 15 in the second quarter. It's like, okay, some still, still some limitations here. I still think okay's gonna win the series I think. And on the, The books agree Part of this.


Those, if you think of like the two things that have happened for these two teams to be meeting for championship KC has been destroying teams at home. So what happened tonight is actually very normal. I mean they beat Memphis by 50. They, they lose on the only other game that they've lost at home now. So they've lost two playoff games at home. Two really dumb last 10 seconds of the game losses. Right. So it's the Aaron Gordon winner. Yeah. Game Winner. Everything else Has been double figures. And then the only lead the Pacers have in game one is when Halliburton hits it with 0.3 seconds left. Yeah. So those are probably more anomalies than some of these other games they have on their resume.


Like whether it's, you know, they have this game two against Denver, they beat them by 43 in game two, they kill 'em in game seven, you know, they, they put it to Minnesota in those third quarters. They put that epic game at Minnesota in game four and win that one. And then it's like, okay, well what kind of fight does Minnesota have? And then they lose by 30. So there's just some serious ass kickings that happened, especially At home in that place. Yeah. So tonight, tonight I, I guess you could argue kind of both games make sense because of what the Pacers have done and what the thunder have done. So we're, we're at one one, They're minus five 60. Here's my sports radio topic for you.


Oh, nice. Is the NHL finals officially more interesting than the NBA finals this year? Because the NHA final NHL finals have been unbelievable. That game. That game too the other night was outta control. That was one of the best finals hockey games I've watched. And there's so many storylines in Florida. Seems like they have every annoying guy in the league. They have like an all-star team and then you have McDavid that assist he had in the, in the first period when he basically jed two guys and got it to, to LD for the old goal there. I just, I don't know, it's, it's been an amazing series and you're watching that it's like two teams at the peak of their power.


It's like McDavid the best, probably the best NHL player who hasn't won the cup like ever. And then you have this Florida team that has a chance to go back to back and has all these great players on it. And then you watch this O KC Indiana team where it's like OKC, probably not the team they're gonna be two years from now, they'll probably be even better in 2027. And then Indiana who's just having this kind of miraculous, crazy run and it just seems way more, I don't know, just random than that Florida Edmonton where you're like, holy shit, this is, this could be one of the defining NHL series we've had. That's my, that's my case. I've loved these two games as I expected to love them.


So yeah, I've enjoyed the Cup final more than the NBA finals. It's not even close. No other thing. I think when we get to in, I think the NBA finals can rise up. The other thing that's a very selfish reason is there's nothing like watching a sporting event and not having to have any fucking takes You like the relief. Yeah, it's awesome. I don't take notes. I don't know what the hell's going on. So I was just like, this is fun. Like I'm just gonna sit here and enjoy the sport because I'm dropping in. I'm so, I feel like a, like it's almost like voyeurism just like, alright, I'm gonna hang out here in the bushes and, and watch what's going on.


I Thought that went the French open. It lasts few days too. I just hopped in, I watched the creepy Bill, I watched the third, fourth and fifth sets from hiding behind a tree and I was just like, this is the best shot making I've ever seen in my life. I mean, it's on clay so it's a little different than, you know, you, you have a little more chances to have rallies and stuff, but holy shit, that's understood. Yeah. Holy shit. Was it great. Well what's the, what's the storyline like? Play it out. Like what, For which one There's, is there anything, I mean certainly you would say, hey SGA cements his place in this game. I think that's why people are struggling with this series. 'cause if OKC wins, the the takes are, is this the start of like a little mini dynasty.


You start, you go backwards and you're like, is this like 2015 Warriors? Is this 2000 Lakers is you go through these, these teams that had these half decade runs, this, this the start of that if Indiana wins, it's the, if probably the single craziest champion we've had since you and I have known each other. I mean you'd have to go back, maybe you'd have to go into the mid nineties rockets that one year when they were like, were they like 40 the back to back the second, was it the first season one of those seasons? They were just underdogs in every series and somehow won, you know, but at least they had a Hakeem it made more sense. Clutch City. Yeah, we so like, well how would a pacer championship compare to Dirk's championship against the heat?


Well Dirk was an all time great player. So at least like in, in the way we look at basketball and the way we've learned about basketball, it at least makes some sense. Indiana winning where you said it yourself like, like you're still struggling whether Halliburton's a top 10 player or not because he's on all the lists now and you're like, all right, if he's a top 10 player, why did I forget he was out there for the first half of game two of the finals. I don't know, it was just the oh four Pistons would be the only other one. But that team had just that that starting five was almost their superstar identity. You know, What did they make eight, or excuse me, was it six Eastern Conference finals in a row?


Right. The Detroit team. So, but They were huge underdogs in oh four. I think they were like yeah plus 400. No doubt People were handing the title of the Lakers. Yeah, I'm not saying that wasn't really surprising and maybe this is year two of like the Pacers being in the Easter conference finals a bunch of years in a row. Like it's, it's certainly not impossible, especially when you start thinking about what the east could look like after this summer. But you Know, if anyone's gonna be left, we might, we might not have enough guys for an Allstar team in the east. The storyline If Clean house and if Giannis goes west, we're gonna be in major trouble. I know, right? I mean the Knicks are still gonna be good.


I think Cleveland's still gonna be good but whatever. I think we've already done this before, but you know how like storylines like one of the biggest reasons why people got an F1 is because of the storylines. Yeah. Because Now you had this familiarity with these characters. It was this very elitist kind of world, you know? Yeah. I remember Kevin Clark writing about it. He is like, the drivers are like good looking and all the locations are like the best places in the world. And so there's this almost like lifestyles of the rich and famous element to when you would get into F1. But the biggest thing was, and what every league is always hoping to do is can you make a connection with the fans so they now care about the outcomes of these games because there's some attachment, right?


Yeah. And it made me think about hockey like sure, I want McDavid to get a cup because he is that special and I, I hate it when the great ones don't have it. And there's this like, like I would've been furious if Pedro ended up without a World Series. Like that would've bothered me. You know? I probably eventually would've got gotten over it and gone off into retirement. Been okay. But even even players I don't like, you know, like I don know is there a gym Bonds? Do you have a gym when you're retired? You'll be Fine. Yeah, probably. Yeah. You know, fountain of Youth, you know, even Barry Bonds, like there's something to be said of like, I, I still wish he had won, what was it, 2002?


It was the Angel series. Yeah, right. He did everything he could have possibly done. Yeah. But at that meant To be, At that time 20 years ago, I was rooting for bonds 'cause I was like, I want him to be recognized. And it's the same kind of thing with McDavid. But then you add in the rematch and the down three oh last year and just, I mean I don't know that I care about any of the storylines other than, and this also could be what's happening to me. Like I even messed around with a soccer match today after the tennis. Because the same thing with F1, I know we've talked about it a little bit, is I'm enjoying sports that are not disrupted and hockey is not disrupted for these really, really long stretches and you're just watching guys play.


And unfortunately with basketball and football, the ends of these games that hold dramatic like tension edge of your seat because you're actually constantly getting a chance to like reset emotionally. And in hockey You don't have any time like you're afraid to even look at your phone for a second when we had what we had on Friday night. So I love the sport. I don't talk about it very much but because again I don't really feel all that comfortable talking about it because, 'cause I'm not that versed on all the minor details of it. But I, I, yeah, I mean there's no question I've enjoyed those two games more than games. More than two of the NBA finals. I was at a birthday party Friday and there was no TV on and it was like an outside backyard but they had a tv.


Did you Get any good? I made the host put the hockey game on, like can you put it on? So he finds it, puts it on and like nobody else at the party cares. And I'm like, third period we gotta, I need a couple people. Like we gotta, and within, I don't know, two minutes there was like five, five guys just kind of like riveted by it because it was, it's that kind of finals. And then every once in a while McDavid just goes really fast. And it's so funny, people who know nothing about hockey are like, what's the deal with that guy? Why is he so much faster than everybody else? It's like, that's McDavid. He's probably the best player pissed offense player the league's ever had since Kretz.


But that, Watching him go fast though. No, I'm, I'm with you on this. There's nothing more exciting than him going fast. He doesn't even have to do anything. And I get so excited once he just decides I'm gonna go faster than everybody else. I like when they run the play where it's, it's like, oh no, they, they, they're in their own end and they almost do like a, like it's like an inbounds play in the NBA when they have the guy running full speed but they'll do it just to try to create space so he can heat up fast and go fast and he just flies and it's really fun. He goes so fast that you almost wonder could he go just like in video games, could he just go around the net and just wrap it around and they wouldn't even know what happened.


Anyway, that game went into double overtime. And it's interesting 'cause Marchand he's on, he's on Florida, they trade the conditional second round pick for him and it activates if they make the round three, which they do. And then you know, he comes up massive and now he has the third most playoff goals ever. It was hard not to, hard to root against him. I don't even know who I'm rooting for. I bet on Edmonton for the series, but it's hard for me not to root against him. What I love about Florida is how many annoying guys they have. I think they might have broken the record. They have the most guys who will do something cheap right after the whistle that I've ever seen in my life. It's like whistle and then Bennett's just like elbow somebody's side of the head.


What? I didn't do that. What do you mean? But yeah, it's a really good series. I think it's a good point that you made about the storylines thing because it is one of these, everyone's gonna just point to the ratings 'cause the ratings would be terrible tonight, right? Yeah. It's, it'll be, oh this is the worst Sunday night rating we've had since so and so because the game was decided the third quarter. You know, it's two small markets, it's two teams we don't have a lot of familiarity with and it's a league that we've talked about many times in this podcast that has refused to push the next generation of teams because they're just putting the old stars on over and over and over again in the biggest spots. These are two teams that we knew were good heading into the season.


OKC was on tv, decent amount. I don't think Indiana was. But you know, you kind of learn these guys through the playoffs and I don't think the league, you know, if you're gonna criticize the league on anything, it's just not pushing the younger teams that they know are gonna be good. We knew these teams were gonna be good and I don't think they were on TV enough. Would that have changed the rating? I have no idea. Probably not. I don know. No. 'cause I mean as great as SGA is and you know, I think tonight was really special. Yeah. I don't think it was a really special game that it wasn't just the scoring. It was like, okay, this guy's at another level than the other nine guys. Whoever the other nine guys are that are out there.


And so it's just nice, you know, it's nice if they get this, to have something like that in this MVP season, have that kind of game on his resume in the biggest spot. Right. And there's still gonna be bigger spots. We'll see what happens. But he's a really quiet dude, you know, he's not, he's not going in in like, he's great for franchise to be the face of your franchise because you're just not dealing with any bullshit. Yeah. But sometimes the bullshit brings people in and the dr you know, I think we all like drama and this league has become so popular in a way that's unlike the other leagues. And I'm not, I'm not talking about ratings, but just like the daily consciousness of it. And certainly you and I are far too in it.


So maybe we're not even great gauges with this, but the amount of like nonsense that we spend hours talking about, which is actually just good 'cause there's an awareness of this league. These are two teams. Like there's no nonsense and that's awesome for the coaching staff, it's awesome for the locker room. Yeah. But there's not really this like, it doesn't feel like there's anything necessarily at stake other than the championship. And for those secondary viewers, there's, there's probably just a lot of boredom be like, oh, so their best players like incredibly efficient with pull up jumpers and the free throw thing hasn't been an issue really, I don't think at all. I mean the third core is a free throw, a free free throw fest.


Either, both going both ways, but you know what I mean. Like there isn't, there isn't this like big engaging personality, which again is great if you have to work every day with these people, but the, the next day stuff and, and getting your mom to be like what's on tv, it's, it's not a great matchup for that. Which We, yeah, my daughter, my daughter came and watched game two with me and I don't think she looked up more than like five times she was just on her phone. It's just, I think that's what it's probably gonna be for casual viewers. It's a good point on SGA. He just does everything really well. He was awesome tonight and not awesome and like, you know, there's those two ways of being awesome in NBA game and he is like in the quiet, efficient, almost like a Greg mad guys out.


Not No, it's perfect. Yeah. Not doing like the 17 strikeouts. Is it, did you see that interview with him where he got asked the question and he did the deep sigh and like search for the answer for like 10 seconds. It was pretty interesting. So I forget, I think it was Malika. He asked him, sent me, he was like, oh man. Like really what? Wanted to come up with a good answer for it. It was just unusual. 'cause a lot of these guys are so media trained for moments like that and these guys are still like getting used to being famous people. You know, she's famous, I don't know, but he's a Canadian star who's been in the spotlight for a while, but he is not like famous, famous.


He's seen a couple commercials now. I don't think he's as, I don't wouldn't say he's one of the 10 most famous players in the league right now. Yeah. And that's, that's bad if that's your MVP and I'm not being critical of him. I just don't know that there's, and this becomes like this kind of circular thing where it happens all the time. Like I always kind of, whether I joke with you or other people that are in this business with us, it's like no one's ever lost a show because of them. They've only lost a show because people didn't do enough to promote it. Right, Right, Right. Like, hey, you know what, that Contract I wasn't really into it didn't like the producer, so I was showing up, I was giving you like my c plus game.


Yeah. And this oddly feels like I'm sort of saying something about someone specific, but I'm not, I'm not, I'm not saying anything specific. I'm just saying that that's the, the norm is as soon as something's over it'll be like, oh well you know, I could have done this or this could be better. The whole thing. And there there's always, remember like the baseball stuff, it's like baseball's declining because they're not marketing their stars. I've heard it with the WNBA, like they don't market enough. And I always wonder, it's like, well if SGA is this buttoned up, What, What are you supposed to do? Like, is it, because if OKC were on national TV 12 more times this year, would the NBA finals ratings be better?


And I'm asking, I don't, I don't know the answer to that, but Sometimes we just default to this. Well the league should have done this, the leagues do a bad job here. And it's like, I don't know, sometimes people just, they're just not interested. They just might not be interested. There's nothing you can do. I remember oh seven when LeBron made the finals against San Antonio and we were LeBron, it was still pretty new, right? It was like they, I think his fourth season and the ratings for that finals were terrible because it was a mismatch and we didn't have a real history with LeBron yet. And then he had his two MVP seasons in oh nine and 2010 and that was when it was like gonna be LeBron versus Kobe and that became the storyline. And then LeBron didn't make the finals through the year.


It was interesting, he, his shoe, I think the biggest selling shoe he ever had was 2011 after the decision. It was like he needed the soap opera of the decision to go to that next level for like people like our parents to have opinions on him. You know, maybe SGA, maybe he needs, maybe he needs like a, like a career polarization consultant. Yeah, but what's he gonna do? Demand, like what could he possibly do? Like this is, this is actually the greatest compliment you can give somebody who's the face of a franchise is that it's so consistently every day is the same boring.


He's just An awesome teammate. Right. Can all, can all my teammates come in and do my interview with me? I I just wanna like remind everyone listening. This is not even close to a criticism. This is like no all you could ever want out of, especially somebody this young to be like this guy already gets it. And look, Jalen Williams did the media availability stuff before the finals even got started. I was listening on NBA radio to his press conference, but I didn't know who it was right away. I thought it was like a 45-year-old coach. Like who is this guy? I was like, this guy's really, really impressive. Yeah. And then I had to like hit the screen because it was like, you know, your phone, it wasn't Coming up right And then boom, it's Jalen Williams and I'm thinking, my god, this guy's been in the league like a just a few years and this is what he sounds like already.


Like these days These guys cha needs do a Brett, he might need to do a Brett hitman Har did in the mid nineties. What's because he was, he Was the champ. Well he was a good guy, he was the champ but he was kind of like, you know, he was just a professional guy. He is very similar to SGA, actually just very good at his Job. Canadian too, isn't he? Oh Canadian. Always good matches. And then they kinda leaned into how do we make him a villain And he started doing this kind of agro Canadian guy thing and insulting saying how Canada is better than America. And then the fans were like, what? And and that became kind of a thing that became his first not, and maybe that's what SJ needs to do. Yeah, Yeah. It's tough to play in America when Canada is obviously a superior country.


Like what SJ is insulting America.


This episode is brought to you by Michelob ULTRA, the official beer partner of the NBA. We are smack dab in the middle of the finals and you know when your preferred team wins, in my case the Boston Celtics, you wanna celebrate in some way. I celebrated when the Celtics won last year, ran back to my dad's place, did a podcast with my dad and then Ironically right afterwards celebrated with MICHELOB ULTRA 'cause we had some in the fridge. It was really great. The next best thing to being a champion is celebrating like one MICHELOB ULTRA is bottling up that winning feeling with exclusive NBA championship bottles in collaboration with renowned artists and designer Victor Solomon, the creative mind behind many of the NBA's most iconic trophies. You had the chance to get your own championship bottle enter for your chance to win at michelob butcher.com/courtside/champs bottles. Michelob Butcher courtside, Victor Solomon Champs bottle sweepstakes, no purchase necessary. Open the US residence 21 plus ends June 22nd, 2025. See official rules@michelobbelcher.com slash rules for free entry prizes and details. Message and data rates may apply void where prohibited.


What are your expectations now if you had to say OKC will win the finals in blank games, how many games would you say? I said five, maybe at six. But I, I don't see how the pacers are going to solve this defense for four wins. I don dunno who those offensive spark is gonna be for situations like what happened today when they're able to limit Hal Burton and I don't, it's it it'd have to be like a mathre toppin somebody that you Mean game one where everybody scored well and everybody had like 10 I don Thinkt, that's Gonna happen Again. Yeah. And they were still down 15 in the fourth quarter. Yeah. You know, They got away with the turnovers because O KC wasn't scoring on turnovers.


I think it was 11 points off those 25 turnovers and legs. And I were talking about it on our pod going like, you know how hard it is to only score 11 points off of 25 turnovers that that's harder than forcing the 25 turnovers. Just the anomaly of that. And they had such great balance, but you know, siku doesn't have a field goal make in the second half a game two, granted he was at the free throw line nine times. So sometimes the field goal attempt make thing can be a little misleading when you're looking at the shot chart after the game's over. But instead of like incredible balance, massive rebounding, edge hitting the game winner, I mean that game was not going their way for two plus hours until it did. And well and then on the first Side, the Pacers have done it so many times it were almost like, oh that's not even weird for them.


It's still kind of weird. Right. Well and then the flip side, OKC plays like one of the weirder offensive games they've put all year where they basically just didn't pass the ball at all. Totally. They, they, they made a concerted effort in this game to be like, we gotta move, make the extra pass SGA led the way and that was it. I would say I think Indiana gets one of the two in Indiana just because I, I feel like OKC has looked gamey in some of these road games and I think that atmosphere is gonna be awesome and I think Indiana's good at home and I think they can get one and I would, I, I had OKC in five, I'd probably revise that to OKC in six, but I do not think we're getting seven. I just think OKC is too good and they really shouldn't have lost game one when you think of it that way.


Right. So I would, I would, I would kind of stick in the five to six range for them. Yeah. So like, like three is now harder for the Pacers because it's one one than 2.0. You know, if it were 2.0 I would probably just pick the Pacers in game three. I don if the Pacers, if Halliburton doesn't hit that shot, OKC wins it, do we see a better effort from them or do you see like there was one possession, it was 52 39 and I wrote this one down. Yeah. And at that point it had gone from like 23 points to a 13 point lead and you're like man, here are the Pacers like hanging in there because it was 23 OKC had the ball then they had like a bunch of turnovers, multiple possessions and so the Pacers getting back into the game.


But there was this stretch where they kept getting offensive rebounds on this one possession, but every shot after the offensive rebound was so hard. And then I think they ended up either getting free throws or had to make eventually. Yeah. But there was just that moment when you're watching the Thunder Swarm and you're like, these shots suck, like these, the guys have the ball and it's like, I guess I'll go now, but I don't really want to take this but Right. Like this is a bad shot because it's so contested but I don't really know if there's anything better than than what I'm doing. And they would take it and they kept getting off it rebound. But like that specific position, I was like, man when the, when the thunder get it rolling like this, like it, it's a pretty helpless feeling.


And then to your point it's kind of like all right, is it aka against mismatches? Are you gonna run a ton of that? Are you gonna have Halliburton coming off of curls? Are you gonna let Mhar iso, are you gonna run the post stuff that they did with Turner who they like Turner against Chet in the post but nobody does it. Like nobody goes, okay cool it's Chet against Turner for eight minutes. Let's make sure he gets a post touch every time down like NBA teams just don't even wanna do it. Even when they like their advantage. Well and then the other thing, you get in the paint and you think it's a good thing to be in the paint but against kc it's like descent circle. Hell yeah. It's just, that's a great point. All the sudden these extra hands come out. There was that one when Halliburton beat his guy off the dribble and SGA came from behind him and did like the Spider-Man strip and just got all ball like that.


No other team does shit like that. Wallace Had a contest in the corner where he blocked it and I couldn't believe Against Knee Smith. Yeah and it was, yeah I was like How he blocked because the ball flies out and I'm like, what? He got his hand on that. Especially when you're thinking of like Wallace not exactly being the biggest dude out there and he had a makeup ground and it's not even just a contest. He blocks it and now it's like this is, they have, they have possessions defensively where it, it just feels horrifying. It's stupid. And if they just run back the team, I don't know why they wouldn't be a little bit better next year than this year because all the all none of their guys are like exactly in their prime or past their prime except for maybe Caruso you could argue like maybe he's peaked as a basketball player, this is all we're getting.


You could go through every other guy on that team and make a case they're gonna be like 5% better next year. I don't know if they're gonna keep Dort. I don't know if there's some salary cap mechanics that they have to do and maybe, you know, you're bringing in Topi, topi, whatever his name is, the rookie who got hurt, you try to fill his minutes with more Wallace and maybe that's how you save some salary and push it toward Chet and Jaylen Williams extensions. I don't know, they don't have to do that for another year. But this is probably the team. Florida's minus one 15 to win the cup again. Edmonton's minus 1 0 4. So basically dead even. I dunno if you wanna put some wood on or you just did naturally rooting for McDavid.


I'm rooting for McDavid and everybody knows so much. I love the city of Edmonton. So I was watching PTI before the finals and they had butcher gras on and they was basically like, just tell us, give us the storylines for the series. And he did this awesome McDavid thing, which I'm sure he is done on TV too, about this is the best player ever to have not won a cup yet and it's not close. And you go through the history of hockey and nobody has ever been even close to being as good as this guy who hasn't won yet. And this is the moment, it's right here. They have some salary cap issues next year it's gonna be much harder with their roster.


Like they have to do it this year. This is incredible amount of pressure he has to get it done this year. And I was like driving my car, I'm like, yeah he's gotta get it done. I was like, I was like fired up listening to it but this is the, this is the moment and there's, there's no basketball storyline like that I don't think in hockey. Yeah, there's no basketball equivalent on this. The only one I could like it, it's basically like Dirk in 2011. But if Dirk was the best player in the league for like seven straight years and was in that same kind of Dallas spot I guess would be the analogy, right? Who, who else would it be in? It lasts 25 years. Well you'd have to be the undisputed best in the sport.


And his greatest Dirk was, he wasn't that as much as I would Does that LeBron just staying in Cleveland never leaves and now it's like 2016. Yeah. Looked this good. Yeah, I like McDavid that video last year of him just screaming at everybody in the locker room was one of the best, best internet locker room videos I've ever seen in my life. I'm a huge captain guy. Another fin. Yeah, I don know if he's any good or not. I played golf with one of the retired guys and I was like afraid to go like, is ka good? You know, be like golfing with you. Be like, is Aaron Wiggins a max guy Bill?


Is he, we try that. Aaron Wiggins or Michael Porter Jr. I'm gonna bring that up again Man. I mean look Michael Porter Jr. Is clearly the more challenging player, right? Like we don't sure we, there's no debate there. Right. Okay. Wow. I mean I think I still, I think I still take Porter Junior just because the dribble shot making stuff when it's really good is is bananas. B-A-N-A-S bananas. We're gonna play, we're gonna play a game called, I wouldn't be surprised if.dot because it is now June 8th, I think I misspelled bananas Four weeks, four weeks from now, a bunch of shit will have happened.


We'll have an NBA champion, we will have an NBA draft, we'll probably have a couple trades in June. We'll have some free agent signings in July and maybe even some more trades. And the league is going to look a lot different. Some people are saying it's gonna be the craziest off season. I don, I can't imagine that. I still feel like I've heard this a couple times, even from people we like, like Windhorse. I still feel like the Kauai Paul, George, Anthony Davis summer to me is the 10 outta 10 for crazy summers. I don know if we're topping that. Yeah, But Davis was a February wasn't it? No, Davis the that trade, it was in July. Remember they tried to trade 'em in February and it didn't go through and then all those Lakers were stuck on the team for the rest of the year.


That's right. My bad. After they been in the trade And then it was, I remember, yeah because I was, I remember just only because it was Super Bowl and I was constantly, we were all on like alert, you're on Davis. And so I thought all I forgot about that. To me that's the number one summer tough one to be. But anyway, you seem To have animosity about expectations that it could be a crazy summer though. That's what I like. I don know. I mean sure there's a lot of, there's a lot of stuff that feels like there's possibilities. It could be Well for, for it to be the craziest summer, I think Giannis would've to move. I think that's, that's locked in. Yeah. And other stuff would have to happen. But we would have to have Giannis, a Giannis trade would have to be part of that for that to even be in the conversation anyway. I wouldn't be surprised if dot gimme one.


I wouldn't be surprised if, well lemme say it this way because I, it's not based on Intel or anything, but the Celtics clearly have to make moves because of the finances. And it's hard to sign off on a team without Tatum and be like, that's fine. And then all the restrictions that are involved in a super expensive team without its best player. So I don't think like tanking makes any sense. You know, if the Celtics run it back with Jalen Brown and say, you know what? We get a really good player back and 25 26 is probably gonna be a great season. And that's probably the case for almost every team that starts their year. It's okay and we'll figure out a way to cut cost and move out some players, but we still want to be Jalen Brown Tatum.


Having said that, if there's an offer out there that makes sense, I think they'd explore it. So yeah, I guess I wouldn't be shocked if, if Brown, if they did treat it like a gap year, I, I could see the argument for both approaches. I would throw a third approach in what if they just blew it up? And I, I would've been surprised three, four weeks ago, but I don't think I'd be as surprised now What's blow it up mean? I mean like multiple trades, like they just say, fuck it. We're, we're Tatum's not playing next year when he comes back a year from now, we're gonna reset everything and we're gonna have a completely different team. So that would be, 'cause what people have been talking about with them are, they'll trade Drew and or poor Zenga to get into the tax.


I think the one thing, the one thing I would definitely put major money on is that they will shed 20 to 25 million somehow over the summer. And I don't know how they're gonna do it, but they'll, I guess the question for them is could somebody overwhelm 'em with a Jalen offer? Especially if Giannis doesn't get traded and Jalen becomes basically the best guy to get if you're one of those teams that's right here trying to go up a notch and Jaylen's probably the number one draft pick at that point. See I like that. I hope it doesn't happen, but it may, it it, I'm starting to get nervous that it might, What I like about what you said there though is something I think we've touched on, whether it's on this pod or on our own stuff, but sometimes it feels like it can get a little contagious where you're doing all the work with your staff, ownership is bought into it and it's like, okay, we're gonna go get one of these big ticket items.


And then to your point, like you feel like you've done the prep work. And not to say that a Jalen Brown package is the same as a Giannis package, but if Durant's available, like what's that package look like? You know what if Giannis pulls us? So it's just you feel like you've been prepping for this moment and then all of a sudden Horst and Milwaukee and Giannis and his agent are like, all right, we're fine. And and I'm with you now. Like I already talked about it, how I've changed my mind after the combine where it just felt like there was too much conversation around it where it's like, well then if you don't do it this summer, you're probably gonna end up like looking at a worse market forum next summer if Milwaukee has a bad season. So doing something that I would never wanna do and trade Giannis if I were gm.


To me it makes more sense. Now Chicago who knows, could be totally wrong. But if that is pulled off, if the Durant thing is already kind of predetermined, then maybe you're right. Maybe there are three or four teams. It's like we were ready to like really swing for something and you know the two, the two other options aren't available here. Does that mean that people feel like they've done enough prep work and there's been enough conversations for that to be something that's easier to, to settle on? Well how many teams do we think are stepping into the batter's box with their helmet on doing the nomar with their gloves? Like getting ready to tape a couple swings here. 'cause to me it's the Rockets and the Spurs are the two I'm watching. Then everybody keeps telling us that Toronto is like that too.


But I, I just, how are they getting, I don't know, even if they try to get somebody like Giannis, you're trading so much away to get Giannis. He's just basically in the same situation. He's already in in the Bucks. Right? I think that's a huge part of any Giannis trade is he's gotta go to a team that's giving up assets but is keeping enough of their team that it now makes sense for him to go to that team. You know what I mean? And that's where it's the Rockets and the Spurs are the two most likely for me because they can trade stuff and they can trade future picks, but still keep enough that they become really interesting with him. And then the next would be the other team I think for Giannis, which we've talked about before and I, that would involve the Bucks being like, cool Carl Valenti towns, where do we sign?


But that, and that would have to unfortunately be part of the trade, which is probably why it wouldn't happen. But my feeling is that Gianni stays and if they decide to do anything, they look at December, January, February when maybe, you know, by the time we get to December eight, eight teams hate their teams and seven other teams are like, are are we doing anything? And you just, yeah. Yeah. We might not have the enough teams that feel that way Now, you know? So unless to me, unless it's the Rockets, because if I'm the Spurs, like let's talk this out.


You're this person who had to get a chance to get Giannis and you're basically giving away the number two pick and all this other stuff to put him with Weby and like Darren Fox basically. And we're in the room with the owner trying to walk him through whether we should do that or not. Would you tell him? Yeah, do it. 'cause sometimes I'm a, the window is now if you have a guy like Weby, go for it. Go for it. I think that number two, like, like people really love Harper. People really think he has a chance to be like a special offensive guard. You know? And, and when you think like Weby is pretty young, I don't know Giannis is 31. He is been the league since 2013.


And I just wonder if are the timetables kind of staggered a little too much? Where's Weby gonna be a year from now versus five years from now? Would it be more fun to just kind of grow into the Weby team versus to just press the button and go for it immediately? Whereas Houston I think is in a different spot. It would be so much fun just to see how the Weby Giannis piece fits together. Can you imagine? Imagine them like playing Indiana right now in the finals and we're like, yeah, they're having trouble, trouble driving to the paint against Wimpy and Giannis. Indiana's gonna go to a zone here. I guess they're, they're unveiling their Tony Bradley, Thomas Bryant, miles Turner lineup is having a tough time.


It's putting James Johnson again put, hoping to go Giannis into a fight. I don't know. So would you tell them, would you tell 'em slow play this or would you tell them it's Giannis, you gotta go get 'em. If they're sold on Harper then you know the contractual control and all kind of stuff. But sometimes I think we make this really complicated. Like if you have a chance to get Giannis, and this is why I think these teams do this as often as they do and maybe it's changing a bit with the financial restrictions, but again, we'd have to see this play out for multiple years before I think we have any kind of answer. But you've talked to enough of these guys that run these teams like you hope at one point in your life you get a fucking player as special as Giannis on your roster.


I thought we were gonna say Wendy, when you set that set, that's up. Yeah, Okay. Whatever Wendy ends up being. But you might, you might end up with two of those guys at the exact same time. Right? And the Spurs you could say we, we've actually had like four of them. But I don't think people can help themselves. I don't think people can say no when Giannis is available. Like to think of that actual call where it's like okay we would, we would do this now Spurs ownership feels like they've had so much success certainly pretty buttoned up place. Maybe. Maybe they don't, maybe they're the outlier. It's like no, we kind of like the way we do things. But So that would be the, what would Sam Presti do?


You'd be the, it's the old, what would Belichick do now? It's what would Sam Presti do? Sam Presti would not trade for Giannis. I think he would rather build around the assets and build around Weby and try to build a sustainable decade around a guy versus like going for the kill quick. Yeah you, it doesn't mean it's right. Yeah, but I think you have to have a certain level of juice. You gotta have some kind of equity in your city as a franchise and you have to have that kind of equity with ownership for you to be able to tell the owner who's ultimately saying yes or no to all this stuff. Like we shouldn't do this. We shouldn't grab and as expensive as Giannis is on, on the north side of 30 and some of the injuries fine, but plus Wendy's contract coming, plus you gotta pay Fox next year so Now you have three max guys, which is death with the second apron system.


That'd be the other reason not to do it. I mean how would you handle it if you owned a team and they were like, Hey we just got off the from of Milwaukee. Like we can have the second or third best player in the world on our team. I would, So if I'm the Spurs owner, I would be absolutely obsessed with, with trying to figure out how good Harper can be. I would have a whole wing of my front office just cru crunching Harper tape studying interviews, every piece of it. 'cause if he has a chance to be either special or close to special, I think that changes the equation. This is not like the Lakers trading for Anthony Davis and the fourth pick in the draft and it's Deandre Hunter and it's like fine take him.


You know, this is, if this guy could be like a special running mate with Weby and they'd be two years apart basically. And you would have them just kind of ascending together and it's not, and the I've heard this stuff about, well that's would be weird with him and Fox. It's like fine trade Fox. If Harper's special like you, you'll have moves. It's not like you're stuck with whatever team. So, so it, it would, that would, what would become that? Could I get somebody really special with the second pick in a draft that everybody loves? If I feel like I could, what kind of timetable am I on with Weby? When do we think Weby could be somebody who could be in the finals as the best player in a series or one of the two best players? Is that two years away? Is it three years away?


Giannis does, I mean, Giannis has a lot of games and some miles on 'em. That would be the other thing I would worry about with tall guys is they hit their early thirties. The history of that I would do, I'd be doing studies on that every seven foot and up guy from age like 31 on what happened to them. But if I'm Milwaukee, I'm, that's my dream trade, right? Can I get the number two pick? Can I get Dev Vasel and Harrison Barnes and some future picks? Like that's, that would enable me to do a, a real reset and build around somebody. Yeah. But the thing that sucks and why if you're Milwaukee you're like, okay, we're getting their picks. But it just sucks to go through your own rebuild without your picks.


Without Your picks. But you think maybe we'll be good in a year. Maybe we'll take the hit hit for one year and then maybe it'll be okay after That. Well, Dylan Harvey's that good then I don't know, you tell me how, how much crunching have you done? Yeah, I've done a done a bit of crunching here in the spare time. I, I think the biggest thing with him is that he, he does everything that you want outta NBA guys. Like the way at his size, that high ball screen. Yeah. And coming off of that and just the, the pallet of shit that he can do to you is really good. And I don't even think his shooting is as bad as the numbers are. 'cause I think he's one of those guys that's like, Hey, I'm this huge deal coming in and, and some of these kids that just love pulling up and taking bad threes, it's like watching Steph's influence at pickup games.


You'll see some of these higher profile five star guys that have all the game and you know, wanna get their numbers and stuff and his shot selection, his decisions on where he'll decide to pull up from. It's bad. His shooting isn't bad. His when he pulls it because he's like, ah, fuck it, I'll pull up from here. But like the way, the way he gets going and just the way the NBA plays it's, it runs its offense. Like you could just see it like, okay this is why everybody likes this guy this much. 'cause he's, he's six four and a half, he's got this handle again, I think he's a better shooter than the numbers. I'm gonna do a, I wouldn't be surprised if, I wouldn't be surprised if Katie to the Spurs is done already and they just haven't announced it.


Like that's basically they've, they've agreed on specifics and they'll just announce at the week of the draft. I'm not, don't aggregate that I'm, I have no inside info. It just feels, this is goes back to the honest thing. I think they're just gonna trade for KD and it'll cost a lot less. They'll be able to be really competitive and maybe even go a couple rounds in the playoffs, but they're also gonna keep the number two pick and do it that way would be my prediction. Do you like Katie and San Antonio more than you do Minnesota? So what's Minnesota giving up in this scenario Out? Because theyre not with the second apron plus they're not allowed to do sign and trades.


Right? They can't like sign Nas Reed and then trade him for kd. I I thought, I thought there were restrictions against this stuff. I'm still trying to figure out. It's it's so punitive to be above so I know they can trade two guys and get one back. They could patch stuff together so Randall would have to be in it. So the sons would have to be excited about Julius Randall, which I'm suspicious of even though he had a mostly good playoffs. Yeah, and he also has the player option too. So you'd have to figure out what you're doing there. You'd have to opt him in. But if I'm him, I'm opting out and trying to be a free agent. Are you? Well there's no free agents But there's who's, who's giving him 31 million and that's Well, but You, you're doing sign and trade stuff I think at this point.


Yeah, I'm I'm just talking just if he's just totally, I mean all this stuff would be figured out ahead of time. I I like your Spurs. I like your Spurs kind of like hey this is way cheaper. We keep the number two, you're probably gonna fall The cell, right? The the cell has to be in the trade. I think sell and Barnes with a future first then you call it a day. Durant's got a year left in his contract, he's 37. You're not getting a shit load for him at this point. Like bring so and be like so he retires Bring Sohan. You signed Fanasis as a free agent and you just have Fanasis just bulldozing into Beal during the practices.


But you just, your whole job this year, you're not gonna get a lot of minutes. But we want Lou dor. You're gonna be Lou Dor against Beal. Every practice all season long. Even in the layup line, You know, like 40 years ago, I remember reading a Sports Illustrated story. I think it was Chicago. They didn't like Reggie Theas, he was the star of the team and they just basically benched him and stopped playing him as a way to like humiliate him. And there was an article about, I barely remember the details and then they ended up trading him I think to Sacramento. But it got so contentious they just basically took his playing time away as like a way to be vindictive. And I wonder is that the only move left for Phoenix? Like he, like Bill just doesn't play, he just sits on the bench phase one for two years.


But I'm saying like you just don't play him be like, we expect you to show up on time, suit up and you just never play and maybe you like bring them in when they, when it's like a 40 point game you bring them in for like, It lasts two minutes just to like stretch and come out. Like it's all about basically getting a break him. So he waves the no trade clause. It sounds like the makings of an FX series breaking be From the Mind that brought you Parker Lewis can't lose. John Lane Grabs really high on it. He loves this idea. There'd be something there obviously be Like Jordan Pool's, an Jordan Peel's an EP and Jordan Pool. Jordan Pool and Jordan Peel are eps.


Sounds like somebody's working on an outline. Yeah. You know how like any place anyone listening to this, you're like, you know who this person is because you've experienced it. But in the times where you have an issue with something at work and you're like, okay but why, why am I having to do this? But this guy gets to do this and then the person will just straight up look at you and go, because that guy's a huge pain in the ass and if we don't do this, he's gonna be like, and so you're just sitting there going, so you're telling me the lesson in this is that I need to be way more of a pain in the ass. Yeah. I have to be so like you have to dread me being upset about something so much that I then end up getting my way and that's not really gonna work way it works with Beal man.


I don't know if there's anybody that's more comfortable being like, you think you're gonna get to me, Right? Do whatever you want. Yeah, I'm good. It's like those stories they have now, the people torturing the Bitcoin guys to try to get their passwords Beal no trade class. They just, they're just psychologically torturing. I mean it's just not breaking. It's like you're not getting it. You do you wanna do And I wouldn't be surprised if do dot Gimme another one Sacramento Trades for Patrick Williams. Whoa, you, you went indie Just you did Tribeca Film Festival on me. Yeah.


Yeah. Chris Ryan's outside with a beanie smoking a cigarette going. I liked it like, ah. I don't think you got it dude. I don't think you got it dude. It's good. No, watch it again. Yeah, no there's some stuff going on. I don't think you caught, Hey Did Plus Brothers liked it. You didn't like Slacker dude, then that's why he didn't get it. Patrick Williams. That's a good one. I just, yeah, I was just doing like a Chicago Sacramento joke. I have another one later, but I know you have a couple. So Empty the Barrel Young Son Giannis stays on the Bucks was one of mine.


But we already covered that. So You don't think, I felt like you were hot on the Knicks thing. The Bucks would, I think here's how it happens. Giannis goes to them and says, I've thought about it, I wanna be traded to the Knicks. You owe this to me. I won the title in 2021. I've been a great book, I've been a great credit to the city. I've done everything I can do here. I would like to go to New York. And that's how it happens. And then it's like towns, bridges, three team trades and picks and the Bucks can basically salvage.


I don know 80 cents a dollar. I think that's the course. But I think Giannis would've to do that and I just don't think he's gonna do it. I don't think he's wired to do that. I don't see him. I just don't see it. We followed that guy since 2013. I feel like I have a pretty good hand on him. I just don't see it. I think he's more of a batting his eyelashes. Ah, maybe. But I don't see him demanding a trade and I don't think they're gonna trade him unless A, somebody makes some crazy fucking offer or B, he goes in and says, it's time. You gotta trade me to Golden State. You gotta trade to the Knicks. But they're gonna trade in the team he wants to get, he wants to get traded to I think would be my one bet.


So I think they're gonna do right by him and he'll be smart enough to be like, yeah, I'm not, you know, you don't have to gimme away, but send me the right team. Here's, here's what I have for you. And it's heated up in It lasts week. So I'm probably like two weeks late on this. 'cause I felt this way for a while that I, I feel like Gar Garland's gonna be in play and I think a lot of people in the league feel this way and now in It lasts week. There's been some media people and there's been some buzz about it. There's a couple pieces to this, which is Cleveland, the second apron, the attacks, like they're, they have some real money stuff. So if they trade Garland, they have to go down a little bit. I was looking at Brooklyn for him and that's gonna be my, I wouldn't be surprised if dot.team with Brooklyn, if it was Garland and a Coro Cam Johnson coming back to the Cs with the number seven pick and some other asset because I think he's worth more than that.


But there's something there. And then if you're Brooklyn, you're like, we have, we finally have our guy, this is one of the best 25 guys in the league. He's young, he's gonna be his own team. He can be all how our Halliburton, we're gonna build an entire roster around everything that he's good at. And we're gonna try to basically do the Halburn in Indiana and this is our guy. And then if you're Cleveland, it's like, all right, we, we looked at that Mitchell Garland thing for a while. We can't, we can't pay Mitchell Garland and Mobley. We gotta pay two of the three. We get to retool, we get another shooter, we get a draft pick. And I don't, there's something about that trade that makes sense to me. What are your thoughts? Yeah, it makes sense.


And like at least Brooklyn feeling like it has something. Although it felt like they had something with Wake Cam Thomas came out at the beginning of this year. I mean he was, he was lightening it up. Even though he hasn't always been my favorite in the past. I I just thought this version of him was better. I don dunno. Does does Cam long term make you think they wouldn't be like, Hey let's add a smaller non-defensive guard next to him? Well you get the seventh pick too, which I think could be a really good player in this draft. No, I'm talking about the Nets like your Backport Garland and Cam Thomas.


Is Cam Thomas on the perfect team a six man or am I crazy? I don't think he would agree with you. It's the Colin Sexton problem, right? Yeah, yeah. Right's. Like if you, Colin, You're six 16, we're doing great. Yeah, Sex can get you buckets. Yeah. But you just, you don't wanna Take it come in 23 minutes a game score some points for us. Yeah, maybe I I, I know what you're saying here. It's like, okay, well Garland isn't perfect. Well then who, I mean he's young, he can shoot, can handle, we're talking about somebody who's gonna be flirting with a lot of all-star appearances throughout his career. All of that. That team probably wouldn't be very good. So, you know, maybe he doesn't make the team because the team isn't good, but There's not a lot of homes for him because so many teams are already all in with whoever their point guard is.


I was going through all the teams and, 'cause I was like, man, if Carlin's available, there'd be a fucking line. And then you go through all the teams and teams that could actually trade and, and it and it, the list starts to shorten a little faster than you thought. Houston would be another one, right? Houston could but that, but then that doesn't really help Cleveland from a, from a salary cap standpoint because part of the deal would have to be, they'd have to cut salary in the trade, which is why Brooklyn's one of the only teams that can do that. So I don Don't hate, I don't hate what you're Coming up with at all. So like, I'm not doing this where you bring up something and then I go, oh, there's all the reasons why it doesn't work. Because it's way easier to do it that way. But it's, it's kind like a face of the franchise thing.


You know, a team that thought that they had it figured out to now having a roster that I'll have nights with them where I'm like, who the fuck is that? And at least you would have a guy you think you can kind of, You could mold a team around him. I feel like I don know how good that team would be, but I think could simply, you could do it. Do you have another one? Yeah, I just don't see how the Sixers take, use that draft pick. It's on my List. I think it's a pretty obvious one. It's not based on anything, it's just other than just common sense maybe. Maybe that front office goes, Hey look with this team we're never gonna draft this high.


And then if you fall in love with somebody, but I think from a development standpoint, unless you're just so good at doing the development stuff when you're not playing in the games. Although with the way the injury history of that team, maybe there's more minutes available that I'm admitting to here. But like an Ace Bailey just never, you know, never playing. Does that make a ton of sense? Do you think there's any chance he goes third? I No, not necessarily. Like I don't think he goes third. Yeah. I don't really understand. Are you saying you look at it As like, I think Philly keeps that pick.


I just think they would take Edgecomb because he, he fits the model of the kind of guy that Darrell has been picking for 20 years. I just think he would take them. Maybe Trey Johnson would be the other one. I gotta say just as, as you know, I I, I dive in slowly and I do the YouTube thing and then I have all process. And by the time we get to the draft, I'm, I've done my whole YouTube deep dives in everybody. Trey Johnson gives great YouTube. Oh yeah. Wow. First initial foray into the Trey Johnson YouTube universe. I was like, whoa, Okay. Have you done fears yet? No. Good, good. YouTube. Yeah. Yeah.


It's like when he's at his best and the fact that he like flagged reclassified. Yeah. So he's like year younger than he, than he should be with this stuff. When he's at his best, with his ability to drive and just, you can't stay in front of him. Like I just don't think there's actually as many people that we say like, Hey, you can't stand in front of this guy, can't stay in front of this guy. But then there's also people like, there's no health defense. It's not necessarily that hard to get around defenders. Yeah. And then there's fears on this level of like when when he gets the angle on you, it's, it's over. It's a good quality to center in on in the NBA And with football receivers, like football receivers are just always wide open because they just get wide open all the time.


I'm pretty sure they're gonna work in the NFL. You know, for some reason the Patriots decided not to take any of them for 15 years. Do you wanna hear something funny about Yeah. Case Bailey, this has nothing to do with him necessarily, but what we were talking about before, Michael Porter Jr. Andrew Wiggins. Yeah. On ESPN for their draft coverage. Lemme double check because it's Jeremy Woo. They did a high end and a low end. Oh no. Grace Bailey And the high end is Michael Porter Jr. The low end is Andrew Wiggins Who had a better career than Michael Porter Jr.


Andrew Wiggins is gonna have 20,000 points and he was the second best player of finals team. Yeah, I I was surprised. Like Andrew Wiggins is the low end to Michael Porter Jr's high end. I Would've flipped that. Or is it because Michael Porter Jr. Although there's an argument to be made that both guys are like so dynamic athletically and yet you were like, Should they have said Michael Porter Jr. On the right night? What if the ceiling Didn't need more? Michael Porter Jr. Information. What If the ceiling was Aaron Wiggins? Aaron Wiggins on the right night Low end. Yeah.


Mike Ford Jr. Do you have any more? I wouldn't be surprised or should we take a break? No, we can take a break.


This episode is brought to by LinkedIn. During the season, every baseball team plays 162 games. It's a true test of endurance. It's not enough to have a hot month or two. You need need sustained dominance throughout. While the same is true for your small business, it's not enough to have a great Q2 or even a great year. You want year over year growth that starts with better hires. That'll be there for the long haul to find those hires use LinkedIn. LinkedIn has strong hiring data and insights that you won't find anywhere else to help pair you with the best candidates from unique skills and interests to the connections you have in common. Based on LinkedIn data, 72% of small businesses say that LinkedIn helps them find high quality talent. LinkedIn also lets you go beyond people who are actively applying in a given week. 171 million LinkedIn members aren't actively seeking jobs, but they are open to new opportunities. That's a big pool to miss out on. If you're not hiring with LinkedIn, find your next great hire on LinkedIn. Post your job for free at LinkedIn dot com slash simmons. That's LinkedIn dot com slash simmons to post your job for free terms and conditions apply.


This episode is brought to you by McDonald's. All new mc crispy strips, new mc crispy strips are here. Chicken made for dipping tender juicy white meat chicken with a golden brown peppery breading. This sounds delicious. It's chicken. So good. It deserves its own sauce. That's right. The creamy chili mc crispy strip dip. It's creamy, savory, and sweet with a little heat. But strips work with any of their sauces. I'm actually still a big fan of the buffalo sauce. Look. New mc crispy strips and dip sounds fantastic. And it's only a McDonald's.


This episode is brought to you by Wayfair. Summer is almost here. The days are getting longer and warmer, which means it's time to update your outdoor space and make it feel more like yours. You know, outdoor furniture, I like comfortability. It's gotta be something that if it gets a little rainy, damp, anything, maybe you want stuff that you don't have to cover all the time. Just in case it's drizzling for five seconds. You want just a nice, clean, simple. Let's all go hang out. It's gonna be getting dark by 8 45 tonight. Let's go hang out. Let's listen to some music. I got the Bushra eight piece sectional seating group with cushions and that's great. Wayfair Perfect helps you in a time crunch the delivery free fast, hassle free, something for every style, every home, no matter what your space or budget is. Wayfair makes it easy to tackle your summer home goals. And you gotta do it right now. 'cause summer's coming with endless inspiration for every space and budget, including the outdoors. So don't wait until summer's in full swing shop a huge selection of outdoor furniture online. Go comfortable. Go simple this summer. Get outside with Wayfair. Head to wayfair.com right now. W-A-Y-F-A-I r.com. Wayfair, every style, every home.


All right quick NBA draft thing because we're getting close now. We're not far away. Give the top eight Dallas, San Antonio, Philly, Charlotte, Utah, Washington, new Orleans, Brooklyn. So if I told you one of those teams is trading their pick, you would say Philly, you to bet your money. One of those eight teams will trade their pick. Dallas, San Antonio, Philly, Charlotte, Utah, Washington, new Orleans, Brooklyn. Yeah, I, I mean if I had a bet, I would bet on Philly. I don know what Utah's gonna do because they probably don't want another guard. But what are they supposed to do?


Like pass on the better guard for a better positional fit for a team that isn't any good right now. Anyway, so I Mentioned this to Zach the other night, but it was late and he was groggy. I, I'm on high alert with Utah. Austin took that job. He had a quote in the press conference that I thought kind of gave me one of those where he was just like, yeah, we're not tanking anymore. He just had it matter of factly. It was like, all right and around the league, people seem to feel like marketing isn't not available. I would not be surprised if They got aggressive and said, okay, let's start Coming up with something here.


Like let's, let's figure out how to piece two for one. And if the one isn't a star, at least it's somebody who raises, you know, who are the five guys that are getting the minutes closing basketball game? We have all these little pieces. Cool. But you know, they're kind of like in that spike, remember where Orlando felt like they were always just the one pick behind in the lottery? Yeah. Yeah. From getting the guy that happened a bunch of years there It was, it was God's way of getting back at them after the early nineties. Yeah, it just has felt like Utah for a few years now. It's just like, oh cool, we're picking here. I like that fifth pick for them though. They're gonna get somebody good with that pick.


It's like any this NBA draft every year. Like they might end up with the best guy in the entire draft other than flag with the fifth pick. You just never know. I'm gonna give you a list. I made this in descending order. So highest quality guide down of possibly available guys. And I'm gonna read you the list that I have not sent to you. Just hit the buzzer if it's somebody that you did not think is even possibly available. All right. Giannis, Jalen Brown, Garland Towns next level. Jalen Brown. Did it make you blink Saying not available?


Yeah, I'm saying possibly available. I think I would qualify Jalen Brown as much as I hate it and I hope that I don't trade him. I don't think he's untouchable with with the situation. The team's in right Now you No, not at all. So hit buzzer then. Okay. That's why I was laying out. I don't have a buzzer just for the Durant marketing. That's the next level. Both of those guys we think are available. Okay, next group. Austin Reeves, Trey Murphy. I don't know why Trey Murphy would be available Because if you're New Orleans, you're in no man's land.


You have land, are you keeping Zion? I guess you are. You have the seventh pick. It's not in the top five. Could you use Trey Murphy in the seventh pick to get somebody awesome. I don't know. Could you try to do your version of the Mikhail Bridges trade with Trey Murphy and just get a shitload of stuff? I don't know, I just, I have 'em written down and it So you hit, you're hitting the buzzer on him. I thought he took that step that you're always like hoping for with a bunch of these guys. Like man, he has all the game. He has more handle than he is allowed to show. They had to run so much more of the offense through him. He showed us that he has these skills and I'd wanna, I'd wanna see where this goes with him.


I thought he was really like taking a big step this year so I wouldn't be in a hurry to be moving on from him. I'm gonna take you a step further. That's the guy I think the Spur should get Over Durant honest If his Spur conciliary. But Durant be like, are we getting Durant? He's 37, let's give up some of the same stuff we're gonna give up for Durant, throw some more pics in it and actually try to get Murphy who's, you know, hitting his mid twenties and try to get somebody who's actually more on our timeline, who's gonna give us a lot of the stuff we would've wanted anyway. And I also think last year, I think his value's lower than it should be because he didn't work out all last year 'cause he didn't know if he was getting the extension or not. Right. Then he immediately gets hurt, start of the season, didn't start to look like himself until It lasts part of the year.


So you're kind of buying low weirdly. Even though you and I both know he is good. So I don't I, to me that would be the Bridges guy this year be like, whoa, they gave up X first round picks for for Murphy. It's like, yeah, that's what they did anyway. Jared, Allen, herb Jones, I have on that list. Mello, is he possibly available? He has to be possibly available doesn't he? I know it's same thing with Atlanta with Trey Young where they're always like he's not available.


Yeah, but wasn't he available, Was he, was he ever available? Did anybody ever come close to getting Trey Young? No, but wasn't that like the Deante thing? It's like hey, see what the market is for either one of these guys and yeah, they ended up doing the Deante deal to try to salvage that deal that you know, did not work out Zion, He should be available. You know, and I don't, I don't know what to make of the latest round of stuff that his name is caught up with here. Me neither. But So I just never know what to do with it other than not have a definitive answer. Speculating on something I don dunno anything about other than what I've read what everybody else has read. However, having said that, I think they're scared to death that he's gonna be like healthy and a star somewhere else.


And I think the Anthony Davis thing with the Lakers, I think Chris Paul leaving there, I think there's even like a Baron Davis thing where it's, it's like as soon as we move on from the guy, I don't think it's a smart way to do business because I just would not wanna do another season where I have to figure out like, hey, if Zion's healthy all year is really good. It makes it the second round of the playoffs and has like comeback player of the year and all this shit. Good for him. We've, we've done it multiple years. Here we are, we are held hostage by this guy because everything's in a holding pattern and it's not like it's feels like you know, everybody every year everybody comes out and they say the right stuff. He's like, oh he is doing this And it's way more about Core now, which he understands and it's like, oh she has a chef.


You're like shut the fuck up. It's similar to Sea-Web in Washington in the nineties where you kept talking yourself into him year after year and then finally they were like, fuck it, west UNL just came in. It's like, fuck it, we're trading him from Mitch Richmond. I can't take it anymore. Let if and if he ends up turning into the guy we think he is, it's just not gonna be here. Then of course he goes to Sacramento and immediately becomes awesome. That's a good one. I mean the Weber career is still one of the strangest things ever. I mean to be taken, taken number one overall, Well he could have been, he could have just played next to Shaq in Orlando for 10 years and it would've been fascinating and it never happens.


And then he ends up on that awesome Golden State team and he is only there for a year and bulldoze his way out 'cause it was like Don Nelson and then it ends up on this crap Washington team for years. And I, I don't think he acquitted himself that great in a bunch of different ways either. But then he goes to Sacramento and finally finds the right team. Took nine years from the eight years from the find the right team. I can't remember how many years. All right. All the other guys. It's funny though, when you lay out all the possibly available guys and you get to like, you know, cam Johnson, norm Powell, Perle, drew, holiday, Ingas, Daniel Gafford, cevi, the Rosen, Deandre Hunter, RJ Barrett, like there's a lot of guys at like reasonable contracts.


So maybe that's the case for it being like the craziest summer ever. There's a lot of guys in that like 20 to 25 million range that you could just see, you know, becoming musical chairs. Because I saw one of the Toronto things and you know, I don't know, it feels a little overstated. It's like, oh Messiah really likes Giannis. He be like, oh he's the GM that likes Giannis. Yeah. Oh no shit. He's always liked him, wanted to draft him. He's always liked him. 2013 was what really wanted him. I love it when it's a guy who's had the belt at one point it was understood. He is the best player in the world. And then you hear this things like that. GM's always liked that guy. He's like holy shit, no wonder he got that job. He's got, he's got a real eye for for the special ones.


And then I saw the proposal, it's like, so now the Bucks are just the Toronto Raptors, Right? Like what's the fucking point of that? There is no point. There isn't. Although those raptors, man, they tried to tank and they were, their spirit was too fierce. That team, look at how they closed the regular season. That team played hard, had a really great Defensive. You were really focused on it. Yeah, because I desperate wanted, I wanted to go under because Raptors fans were so fucking annoying. Shocker when you and I did the preview about them in the summer. They did right. And we were like, wait, you guys think they're gonna be good?


Yeah. And then they went over by like a half a game because at one point it was like a lock under Really trying for two straight butts. Right? And then They got over 'cause they kind of, they they played much better. Like whenever you went in to face Toronto it's like they're actually gonna play better than you are because they're just responding and these young dudes are out there bawling the whole time. So then it was like this big victory lap and it was like, you know people that get mad about the over under, unless we see like a number 50 and we go, hey I think they have a 35 win team. It's about the number and on top of everything else, everything we said about the Raptors and our lack of like thinking that this team was gonna figure this whole thing out this year and be like a competitive team in the East. Which is what some of the arguments that we were seeing.


It's like forget over under 28, 27 and a half, whatever it was. You think they're gonna be good. So Wasn't great And it's expensive. It's an expensive team. Yeah. Some of the fun stuff for this summer, like how does Phoenix get out of this giant 20 foot hole they dug for themselves? I don't think they'll be able to, but they're gonna try. Can the Lakers either get a center turn res into a center, right? If they feel Like they'll get a center but you, Is it gonna be a center that you could play in a game like with the speed and pace that we saw today?


Yeah, I mean it's gonna be funny 'cause whoever they get, like everybody's gonna be like awesome here in la. Like it doesn't matter. There's a center right now, It's 57 wind ceiling right now. Yeah. There's a center right now that Lakers fans can't stand or I've never seen him play that much And as soon as he's a Laker I'll be like, fucking look out dude, look out. We got Nick Richards New Orleans. One way or the other I think is gonna be, that's the team where I'm like, you could tell me any direction and I'd believe it, Well I don't know if it's different now post Griff, but Griff was about as like straightforward as ever at the close of last season.


So not this one we just finished up but oh remember, Remember he was talking, we gotta blow it up. Yeah, yeah. He basically is sitting there going, we can't come back like this. And it's like, alright well you know, I guess he made the Deante deal but that wasn't really what we were thinking about. You know what, he Shouldn't have said that. But Also I'll like sitting at a poker table and going, I have to go in on a hand soon because I've been sitting here too long. Not going on any hands. Everybody at the table's like okay, good to Know. But that might be ownership though. That very well could be the ownership thing that we always need to factor in. It's like, okay cool, you're the, you're in charge of all this but you're not. So you can say whatever you want and and take trade calls and all this stuff.


But like if that, if Zion still feels like he's too important to that team and there's this fear of him being somewhere else, I don't know, maybe they run it back again but geez, Is Cleveland gonna toss away last year and say let's run it back. Or are they actually gonna do something? I'm watching that. What's sa do? What's San Antonio doing with their number two, what's Boston gonna do to shed payroll? And then the only other one we didn't talk about and I don't really know the answer, is there a way for Denver to go up a level, Sorry, Keeping, keeping Yoic Murray Gordon and Brown, they're kind of handicapped with the picks. They can trade, they kind of have to hope somebody gets excited about Michael Porter Jr.


But now you're taking somebody else's problem back or you're trying to split Porter into two guys. Other than that, not a lot of moves that are possible with the way the salary cap works. And I don't know how they get better. Is This the best you felt about the Nuggets at any point in the season today? Right Now with the season over? Yeah, it might be. It might be. I think they have to hope somebody gets excited about Porter with two years left on his deal. That's the only thing I can think of. Yeah. 'cause I had made the mistake of like talking about Porter Jr. And going like, why is ownership so enamored with this guy? Just because of where he played in school.


And then the reality is he had spent more time with the connection of Missouri. So that was a mistake by me. But then when I thought about it more, it's like, okay, now explain to me why though you would be like, we can't trade that guy. We can't. Like We've passed that point. Yeah. I don't know. I don't know if if he's like, it feels like Porter if you're trading him it, it's not for this other piece. It's like holy shit. Like I feel totally different now about Denver. It's probably some other guy that has baggage. I mean this feels a bit like a Gilbert Arenas Rashard Lewis thing, right? I was just thinking that. It's like a coma in Pat Connet Conan for Michael Porter type of trade where you're just gonna, what was that trade?


So they get two guys back. Although there is the yoic bump, like what does Kuzma look like running around next to Yoic Docs always like Porter Probably still expensive. So not great. Bob.


This episode is brought to you by Ultra running. Every pair of Ultra shoes has a roomy toe box and zero to load drop, which lets your toes spread and keeps your foot in a more natural position. All in the name of comfort and performance with a variety of styles. There's a shoe for everyone. It's comfort. You have to feel to believe. Try Ultra for yourself with a free 30 day trial and free shipping@ultrarunning.com.


This episode is brought to you by the Wells Fargo active cash credit card. This is an ad for the active cash credit card from Wells Fargo. That's a mouthful, but that's because of Pax. A lot in Earn Unlimited 2% cash rewards on purchases with it big or small. So whether it's buying tickets to the game with your mom or grabbing a coffee with your dog, earn unlimited 2% cash rewards on purchases made with it. Say it with me. The active cash credit card from Wells Fargo. Learn more@wellsfargo.com. Forward slash active cash terms apply.


Well that's all stuff we have looking at. Anything else you wanna hit before we go? Tires Season two. Yeah, let's hit that. So I didn't really like Tires season one. Oh Okay. Wasn't a huge fan. Watched a couple episodes 'cause 'cause our guy Shane was in it and it just felt like they didn't know what the show was and they didn't know how to use Shane. And I just, it didn't totally work for me. And then a couple people in my life told me, you gotta check out Tire season two. They figured it out. I'm like, all right. They figured it out. The show. The show is excellent. I loved it. I love season two. I did not like season one.


I love season two. And you liked it too? I love season two I because it really feels like it. The show's going for it. Yeah. In a way where, I don't know, I mean maybe it's 'cause Gillis is this much more famous a year later. I don know if that's or Comfortable may. It seems like he's better on the show too. Like they know how to use him now, correct Him. Yeah. And I, I think I like, well his characters will, but it's Steve bin. Yeah, I don know if they call him like I was watching his thing with Seth Myers. So Shane is like sitting next to Steve and Steve's like doing all of these things, but he's, he's not trying to be funny.


They're just him being nervous and it makes it that much fucking funnier. Yeah. And he's, he's like stumbling through something and Seth Meyers is like, what's going on with you? And he's like, oh, it's my first time. He's like first time talking ever. And then he sees the thing of water and didn't realize it was there and he get really excited. And what's so funny about it and I, I think whenever you're thinking about how a TV show fits together, together, it's like what's the chemistry gonna be with all of these guys And the joy that Gillis seems to get outta watching Steve Yeah. Be in the show, like whatever the background is with these two dudes, like, and I'll see this stuff with Gillis's podcast and they talk about Steve whether he is there or he is not there, then they play these videos of him.


It's like their buddy that they just can't stop fucking laughing at. And they've captured that in a really great way on a TV show. 'cause there's so many people that would say's, say's way to put it, their dynamic would be, oh we're really funny. And it would just be like you and us hanging out. They've pulled off the rare success of our workplace as a show. Everybody's walking around thinking that saying that most everybody's wrong. And look, they're great writers. They're all pretty funny guys. I mean I think Gillis is, you know, I'm, I've been in the tank for him now for a bunch of years, but they, they have something here that I think is very hard to execute and watching them do interviews together and especially the Seth Meyer stuff like watching Gillis fucking like dying laughing at his buddy being late night TV and he is not laughing 'cause he is killing these one liners.


He's laughing because of who this dude is. Right. In a, he thoroughly enjoys him. Yeah. Right. Yeah. Right. So sometimes this'll happen where they don't totally figure out the show and how everybody works together for a year. Like Parks and Rec was like one of the most famous examples of that. Like they didn't really get the show going until season two. This one just feels like they recalibrated how much Shane should be in it. And they basically increased his usage rate. I think they looked at his stats from season one and they're like, wow, he had the fourth highest usage rate on our cast. We gotta, let's say every five minutes can just Shane do something. And they've unleashed him and some of it just feels like he's doing like leftover bits from his standup, but in a good way where he's just doing these little, little jags or like these little analogies that he'll use.


But yeah, I, I fucking loved it. I was laughing my ass off to and I never laugh when I watched stuff like very rarely to the point that my daughter was upstairs and kept like, what are you laughing at? What's going on down here? And I was like, I don't know, this Tires really good. Making me laugh. So anyway, kudos to them. It's really good. It's really good. And there's just, again, Gillis kind of has that way with me now that Chappelle had and you know, some of the Will Ferrell stuffs, it was just funny is like he would find a way or a phrasing. Yeah. And then when they get their bonus checks at the beginning and Gillis is like, I'm gonna buy a gun. And it's just, it's just hilarious. It's so fucking funny. And I love that Thomas Hayden church is his dad and he shows up and that first scene and he's trying to get Gillis to hit on the waitress and then she walks away and Thomas Satan Church is like, you look ripped.


Then he's like, I heard that. He's like, of course she heard it. You said it so loud. He's like, do you think she's gonna forget what I look like? Just walking away? So like having Gillis's dad be this guy that's actually like pretty successful. You know, there's just adding more and more layers to the whole thing. Which is what good Came. Vince Vaughn too is another one where they're, they're just smartly bringing people into the universe quickly and then getting 'em out. Right. Goose making an appearance. Yeah. I think it's really, really fucking funny. And his Love interest this season, that was one that shouldn't have worked. And they had like great chemistry and it was super funny every time they were in a scene. It's really good. I was also surprised it was 12 episodes because usually, you know, they usually these things are like eight, but they're like 12, 25 minute episodes.


But huge thumbs up for me. Also, we know Gillis is an athlete. We, I Gotta be honest with you, when I saw him working the post Oh, when they were playing the horse? Yeah. But he, he had a little post move in there. Yeah. I was like, holy shit. Like that's your, that's your nineties four. Like he's, you could just tell immediately. And I'm an evaluator a basketball as you are been doing this a long time. Yeah. The way he sealed and turned to that strong shoulder, I'm like, fucking a, this guy. I wish we had seen more. That's my only critique of season two is I'd like to see more postgame.


Season three may be the, an intramural football game or some softball, some Tires, softball. Like a Tires rival. That would be good. Yeah. Because the shows that could be on for a while. Yeah. Because Shane's character, that guy in real life is playing full on tackle football with no insurance on the weekends in some men's league. Right. Yeah. It was a pleasant surprise. I'm really pleasantly surprised anymore because sometimes I'll dive into these like, and my expectations are fully where they should be, but in this case it's like, oh, they figured it out. This is great. I'm so glad I clicked onto this. Anything else before we go? You got Tuesday, Thursday this week for you?


Yeah, We actually do have Bucci. So you're home for hockey. Gucci's coming. Just tell him to do his thing again about McDavid with the No Rings thing. Because it was really good. I didn't do it justice. Yeah, I guess you didn't do a great job of that. I did like a B job. No, I'm excited. I I really like Bucci man. So it's, it's good to have him come on. And I'll, I'll lay out quite a bit in that one because I just watching ka those first two nights, I was like, dude is ka good? And then I like looked up his stats. I was like, I know he's had a few stops. Something about him I really like Did see Moab last night.


I didn't, I didn't had a big dinner last night. That's It for O'Malley, another UC. So what another UFC superstar has come and gone. So what he had lost to the guy who kissed him on the back of the head. Right. Last time He, we lost him Morra twice. Yeah. Oh, that's Morra. Yeah. My bad. Yeah, I'm not super locked into the U US C right now. I don Dunno what's going on. Maybe I'm less, he Took the Pereira lost Har hard. I did. You don't have a guy? Maybe, Maybe because I'm in it, you know, like I'm training twice a week and it's like, I don't Are You doing what? You doing a movie tie? Yeah. So I can't, I can't like, maybe that's my, you know, I remember there was this three 11 documentary that I watched and they interviewed this guy who may not have had a mailing address and they were like, what kind of music do you like?


He's like, and he had a guitar I think, and he was like, I don't like anyone. Because they were like, have you ever heard of three 11? He was like, no, I don't listen to music. And they were like, you don't listen to music but you have a guitar. A guitar. Yeah. And he's like, I don't want anyone style to influence me. I don't want anyone else. I don't wanna listen to anyone else because then it's gonna change what I'm able to do. So maybe that's why I'm not watching as much. USC. Who knows Mood tie, like how, what's the level? Like where do you need to get to? What are you learning? How have you gotten better? Dude, How many months have you been doing it?


Maybe two years, but I did it two years. I did it when I was really young, but it wasn't like, you know, I get wrapped up like a fucking pretzel. I was a very big kid, pretty skinny bill. And then, you know, I, I, I started working with a coach. So I, it's usually like a few different coaches to come down and then, you know, you learn moves, you try to get your cardio going. I love learning moves. I love new moves. And then you spar and you know, every one of the coaches could kill me in two seconds if he wanted to. But it's sometimes harder sparring, sometimes it's a lot of light sparring. And then sometimes we'll see, like we had a big thing that we were working towards is like, let's see if I can last 10 rounds.


You know, I think we went three minute rounds. Jesus. We went three minute rounds, one minute in between. And I had no idea. I was like, I don't know if I'm gonna make it. And I, and I did, I probably wouldn't tell the story if I didn't. Oh yeah. I probably would tell the story if I didn't because there was another time where he was like, I'm just gonna punch you as many times as I can to see if you quit. And I was like, oh, I'm not gonna quit. And then I, I'd quit in like two minutes. I just couldn't fucking get this guy off of me. So it sucked. Where Did he punch you? Everywhere but not like, you know, he's not like taking full shots. You wearing the, the headgear I've got, I've got a mouthpiece in, I've got headgear and you know, you've got the shin pads and stuff and you know, he wasn't like, he wasn't trying to kill me.


He was trying to see if he could get me to like get so flustered. Right. That I had to just say time out. Time out Time's. O OKC was doing in Indiana today. Perfect bookend. But yeah, it's, it's really just, it's a great exercise except for the days where I think like I have a torn at MCL the calf tear wasn't a fun day. That hurt a lot. And I'm not like getting clocked clocked, you know, if I went up to like a gym in LA with like guys that really do this and are trained to be fighters, I get fucking killed. So, you know, I'm not even, it's more like a, a workout that I, like We have working Girl on the re watchable tomorrow night. I don't know if you've seen it.


Sigourney Weaver, Melanie Griffith, Harrison Ford. I remember it. But that's not a re watchable for me. It's pretty good. Who's voting on these? It's pretty, it's it's a pretty beloved movie. There's a lot of excitement for it. You sent me the to-do list. You let me pick a couple right? Yeah, You're gonna come on soon. We don't have to say what it is, but we did pick a movie. Should be good. I think Van's gonna be the third. It seems like Soul man. No, I don't think it's gonna be Soul man. I don know if Soul Man's available on any, any streaming platforms. That's my new pet peeve of all time. Or these movies that are just not available anywhere where we have all these streaming platforms plus YouTube, plus Pluto and Tubi, all these things.


I don't understand how movies can disappear. I should be able to queue up Eddie and the Cruisers or Kiss of Death and be able to re Watchable Kiss Death only came out 30 years ago. It's got major stars in it. How? How is it just gone? You Can't find Kiss of Death anywhere. It's Gone. How to watch Kiss of Death? No, it's, you're not gonna find it. Don't, don't. I do this once a week 'cause I'm waiting for it to come back so CR and I can can do Kiss of Death and it's just not available. There's like some YouTube version of it where it's flipped and it's got like weird subtitles and it's just the visuals are way off. It's not available. Nick Cage, one of his great movies just gone.


Who knows what happens happens. I had it. I had it on because when I worked at the music shop back in high school, upstairs was a video rental place. So they used to just like be cleaning them out and every now and then they'd be like, do you want any? And so I took Took a You grab, you grab Kiss to Death. Yeah, I took a box of like 40 movies back up to campus. I think it was my sophomore year because I would like work over Christmas break or whatever, pick up some hours, you know it goes yeah. And I had, I was like the go-to guy but people would just shocked be like, who the fuck would put together this kind of movie collection? It's like no one, no one did It. These were all free. Were Free. They were free. And dudes watch movies and so I had the air up there, which is probably not on their watchable list with Kevin Bacon and the number of times I watched that movie 'cause he just throw it in to fall asleep.


I watched, I watched the first half of that movie. Probably more than any single human on the face of the planet. Like you ever think You like Kevin Bacon? Definitely watch it more than him. It's a bit like the movie tie thing. Why does he have to watch the UI mean he's living it right? Yeah, he, he knows what it was like on those shooting days. So I don't know. I like to think about that. Just as an aside, what have I done more than any person in the world? What do you think? Do you got any like ones that you wonder you Well for me it could be watching the air up there. It's not great. I'll admit it. It's not like you wouldn't introduce me. Hey is my buddy Ryan, he's watched the air up there. Or at least the first half more than any other person I heard this would be a good podcast.


The movie? Yeah. You've watched, you feel like you've watched the most more than all other humans. I think mine's 48 hours if it's on KII believe you. I just get, I'm like fine. We're about to, we're about to hang out outside the garage overnight. Eddie's gonna take a nap in the backseat. I I'll, I'm in for another half hour here. Do you think anyone's written more words about 9 0 2 1 oh than you? Probably, yeah, probably like recaps. I think I wrote, I think, I think I did probably the most Karate Kid stuff. I feel like I had that corner.


No. Who's talked about Heat more than you? Well CRS in on that too though. Two of us Together. Sure. Okay. But do you think the studio spent more time discussing the movie Heat? Whether it was to buy the script then during production casting, all the stuff that goes into it. Did CR and I have spent talking about it? I don't think that's close. I think you beat the studio. So who else is there? There's another movie that we've spent a lot of time talking about that we've, we've done on the re watchable already. But I actually like it more even than when we did it on the re watchable is the Miami Vice 2006 movie with Colin Farrell. That's like its own fan club at this point because that movie gets better every single year And I have no idea why.


It's one of the few movies that has improved in quality each year now 2025. I think it's the best I've ever felt about it. Now you can't say that about a lot of movies where each year that passes you feel better about the movie that I think that's number one for me. I dunno if you watched it recently. I haven't. I was trying to figure out you Of know selling me. I know. I'm sorry. I wanted to look up the Rotten Tomatoes for the air up there so I wasn't being, What was it? I know, but I wasn't being a very good cohost that's on. I Blame myself knew you were looking up something You get, you hate when I look up stuff on the pod every now and then when you start throwing around Second Apron shit, I'm like, lemme, lemme make sure, but it's lost cause and then I get a text from Bobby Marks like the next day going, here's why that wouldn't work.


Dam It. Yeah, Bobby Marks. I think he's just made it less fun for the rest of us. 'cause he's so on it in every single aspect of the cap, we can't compete. You Know what I mean? No, it's it's made me think about like getting back to understanding all of it again because there, But even if you tried to do it, you would never be close to the level he's already at. No, it's daunting. No, no, it it is very daunting and I, I think the problem is we could always default to like 13 in it. Like that was my favorite move. I know you loved it too. Like does that work? You'd be like, hey 13 minute dude, be somebody there. And now it's like you guys can't third team it the way you used to buddy Bobby Marks just comes in like Will Hunting.


Yeah. And we're like the professor and he say, you know how fucking easy this is for me? It's a fucking joke. That's what this is. You third teaming it. Fuck you. It is amazing. The team, the team gets knocked out. Bobby Marks has a tweet with this elaborate snapshot of their entire cap situation for the summer that has all these different categories. Just like uncle I feel stupid even talking about it now. He is really good. Yeah. Yeah. He's he's sent me a couple cleanups where he was like, Hey, the thing you guys are talking about, it can't happen. We're like fucking, I don't know that I care anymore Bobby. I used to care.


Yeah, you ruined it. I used to care and now I don't know that I do. 'cause I know when we're, I mean I, whenever I go on the trade machine now, it never works. It never works. You do do me a favor. What will you give the Miami Vice movie? Just give it a, give it a whirl. Nobody loves Colin Farrell much. Just give it a test drive you. It's been a while. Just give it a test drive. Just Trust me. I didn't even give it a test. I didn't even look at it. I I wouldn't have watched that movie. That's not my kind of movie. No. Give it a test drive. All right, we're gonna say goodbye to our audience on YouTube. We're gonna thank Gaal and Eduardo. I'm gonna remind people re watchable is coming with with Working Girl on Monday night.


Silla did not approve of that choice, but Silla will be on at some point pretty soon on the re watchable. And then Silla has Tuesday, Thursday podcast and we'll see how long the finals goes. Good to see you Illa. Thanks Bill. Thanks man. Must be 21 plus in select states for Kansas and affiliation with Kansas Star Casino are 18 plus and President DC Gambling problem. Call 100 GAMBLER. Visit rg help.com. Call 1 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org/chat in Connecticut or visit md gambling help.org in Maryland.


Hope is here. Visit gambling help line ma.org or call 803 2 7 50 50 for twenty four seven Support Massachusetts. Or call 1 8 7 7 8 HOPE NY or Text HOPE NY in New York.


This episode is brought to you by MICHELOB ULTRA, the official beer partner of the NBA. What do I love about the NBA championship? Well, first of all, I love when the Celtics went, but that's not happening this year. But you know what? I really love the drama, the pressure, everything goes to the highest level. Guys are injured, guys are banged up. Guys are hungry. It just brings out the best to everything. And MLO B Ultra is helping you celebrate like a champion with a chance to win your own limited edition championship bottle. Just like those gifted to the NBA players during the championship parade. Enter now at michelob cher.com/courtside/champs bottles Michelob Belcher courtside Victor Solomon Champs bottle sweepstakes no purchase necessary open to US residents. 21 plus ends June 22nd, 2025. See official rules@michelobbutcher.com slash rules for free entry prizes and details. Message and data rates may apply void. Where prohibited.