
You're listening to The Bill Simmons Podcast presented by FanDuel. FanDuel has made it easier than ever to see how your bets are doing without even opening the app. Now you can get the latest updates, follow along in real time, directly from your phone's lock screen, yeah. Or Apple Watch, no login required. Just head to your My Bets page to turn it on if you don't already have it. Download the FanDuel Sportsbook app today to get in on the action. The Ringer is committed to responsible gaming. Please visit rg help.com to learn more about the resources and helplines available and Listen to the end of this episode for additional details. You Must be 21 plus of President Select states game problem called win hundred GAMBLER. Visit rg help.com Coming up NFL draft NBA playoffs. Yeah, what a night. It's all next.


This episode is brought to you by vrbo, private Vacation Rentals with vrbo. You always get the whole house so you and your fellow fans can cheer on your team in peace. What's worse than watching a game with somebody who's not rooting for the same team? You're rooting for nothing. But that's why if you book a vacation house with vrbo, you know all the people in your house, they'll be friends, they'll be family. Ideally, they'll be the ones who also root for my teams. Plan a winning vacation. Make it a vrbo.


Also brought to you by The Ringer Podcast Network. We put up a ton of NFL coverage podcast. We did a live show with mha ASHA's got the newsletter, we got The Ringer dot com. We have our final draft guide with the all the grades. Everything's, everything's happening. The Ringer NFL Draft Show, McShay Show S'S tomorrow. Go check out all of it. I did some NFL draft here at the top. I gave my thoughts. Then just randomly, sir Rudy and Van joined and we talked about Sanders and darts. So we talked a lot of NFL draft at the top. And then Mahoney, Rob Mahoney and Chris Ryan came on to talk about all the basketball that happened today too. It was an incredible, incredible sports night, trying to follow everything.


The games could have been better, but just in general, Thursday the, the last Thursday in April, always a winner. We were talk about all of it next first, our friends from Pearl Jam. All right, so we just watched the NFL draft and three basketball playoff games all at the same time and it was really great.


And I wrote down a bunch of notes for the NFL draft because anyone I wanted to have with me in this first segment is all doing another pod for The Ringer. So you know what? I'm gonna solo. I'm a pro, I can do it. But I did have some thoughts. First of all, the Jaguars trading the second pick to pick Travis Hunter, which was somehow another devastating Patriots moment. I had already mourned the fact that we screwed up week 18. We screwed up our chance to have a top pick and to trade down and get all this stuff. And then the Browns had the second pick. They get number five, a second, a fourth, and a 2026 for Hunter. And I just, I almost started drinking, but I knew I had a podcast.


It's always disorienting when the Browns do something smart. That was one of my first takeaways from this because it just, usually the Browns lose a trade like this. I thought this was insane by the Jaguars. I know everyone thinks Travis Hunters a one-on-one, all that stuff. But I just don't think you trade huge packages like this unless you're getting a quarterback. I think the Browns were thinking the same thing. Any of us would think if we were in the situation when in doubt trade with the Khan family, I think they'd become like Vivec and the Kings in in the NBA. I think the Con and the Jaguars, I think that whole family is the same way. It's like, cool, they're gonna overpay for second pick. We can move down three spots. Take Mason Graham, get a first round pick, get a second, get a fourth shore.


Let's do that. One of the cool things though, ESPN covered this in the moment. Like Cam Ward was getting picked, I think he was even going up to the podium and Schefter came right in and was like, we had a trade, blah, blah, blah. And I think with the NBA they, they always like kind of wait, you find out the trade happened on Twitter before anything happens. And then I liked how it felt like it was part of the action. They announced the trade when they did the pick. This isn't hard NBA just get this shit together. I guess the, the positive for Jacksonville, if there is a positive for overpaying for Travis Hunter when we've never seen anybody be able to post play both sides of the ball anymore. And I can't wait to watch 'cause it's gonna be super fun.


They're probably like a top seven or top eight. I'm at least intrigued to see what's going on on the multi-view with them for the first four weeks of the season with Hunter and with Brian Thomas Jr. Who I loved watching last year. But the big thing I was thinking with is those London games, which they always suck when the Jaguars are involved and now it's like Travis Hunters in the London Games for the next couple years. That's a bonus. That's, that's worth getting up at six 30 in the morning in the Pacific Coast. Be like, all right, get to watch Travis Hunter. Maybe he'll play D back end receiver the whole game. The big thing for me though, once again, they've overpaid to get tra Trevor Lawrence some toys.


So they've spent money on Christian Kirk, Calvin Ridley, Evan Ingram, right? Big money on Christian Kirk. That was a much maligned signing back in the day. They drafted Michael Thomas with the first round pick. That was smart. They drafted Travis at the end, 25th and the first round. I think the same year they picked Lawrence and then they paid Lawrence huge money. It just seems like they're constantly trying to throw assets at him hoping he's good. And the thing is, he might not be good, so we'll see. But at least, at least the London games will be fun. But I thought that was a good trade for the Browns next thing. So Shadeur Sanders, it, it, you know, this just kept going for weeks and weeks.


I'm, I'm not, I'm not throwing darts 'cause I certainly talked about it on my podcast a couple times. It was weird to think that he wasn't gonna go in the first round in a league where it feels like a third of the teams always need a quarterback. When teams who were drafting in this first round needed a quarterback, the Giants passed on him twice. They haven't had a quarterback since Eli retired. Mel Kuper just felt, he just had, I'm going down with the, the ship energy. Most of the mock draft guys just didn't think Sanders should be a top 20 pick, including Todd McShay, The Ringer draft guys that we have. And, and Kuper was just, I, I guess like if Sanders turns out to be an awesome pro, this would be great for Kuper.


But you know, I was going nuts the year Lamar fell because the Pats had a chance to get him and you know, and, and it just with with Brady's advancing age, it just seemed like a no brainer. But in that case it seemed really crazy that Lamar was falling with how talented he was in college and how he was clearly something everybody has picked apart Sanders to the point that I don't even know what to think anymore. So maybe he ends up in Cleveland tomorrow by the time you hear this and if that happens in Cleveland, we thought maybe could we take him at two and they get him at 33. They desperately need a quarterback. That's a really fun outcome he got. This is great for, I was thinking this is great for us.


This is just great content, right? I root for content sometimes Sanders chip on a shoulder. Now everyone passed me. This becomes Aaron Rogers 2.0 if he, if he can ever be even half as good as Aaron Rogers. We get to argue about sand. The Ja the Giants trade back in and they take Jackson Dart, right? They pass on Sanders. That's gonna be fun to monitor. I feel like there's gonna be some incredible sports media stuff that happens over the next two weeks. You can kind of read between the lines on what some of the angles will be. I think people will disgrace themselves. I can't wait and it's gonna be hilarious if Sanders actually ends up being much better than the Jackson Dart. But I don't, I I think the thing, the legacy today was neither of those guys are even that good that people were able to get that wound up about it.


But maybe, maybe tomorrow. But look, this is like a, I root for, I root for as many good movies as possible. I root for as many good TV shows as possible. I root for as many good point guards as possible and I root for as many good quarterbacks as possible because I like watching football for 11 hours a day on Sunday and over and over again. We have too many shitty quarterbacks and I hope Shadeur Sanders is good because we need more quarterbacks. But we'll see. Hopefully he goes to Cleveland or a team that needs him and he gets to play and we'll find out why he dropped to 33. Another angle. Kim Ward, poor guy goes number one. Usually that's like, I can't, we're talking about him constantly.


Oh my God, what do you think? How good can you be? What's the ceiling? Can he turn Tennessee around right now? Nobody, there were no K war conversations. I think I did multiple draft podcasts. I don't even remember talking about 'em. He goes, number one gets immediately overshadowed by this Travis Hunter trade. Then there's the Sanders is falling drama that just over overtakes everything. And then the giants take Abdul Carter but then they trade back for Jackson Dart. So once again, we're not talking about K Ward and pussies on Tennessee, a team that's not very good and a weird start to your career. But hey, good for you K Ward, I have no idea if you're gonna be good. It's, see they're, I was reading some stuff where people thought maybe he would've been the fifth or sixth quarterback last year and instead he goes one this year we'll see my guy Will Campbell, who I talked myself into officially today, I did a YouTube short look, the Pasadena left Tackle, this was the case I made in the YouTube short.


If he, if they were picking eighth, I would've been delighted to get him. And if you look at how the draft broke down, we had tackles taken four mebo to the Jets at seven banks went to the Saints at nine. Nobody thought banks was gonna go in the top 10. Well he did because everybody wants fucking left tackle. And that was why Will Campbell had to be four. And the analogy I made was in 2016 the Celtics took Jalen Brown because Danny Ange felt like the league was moving toward wings who could shoot and defend and guard multiple positions. Jalen Brown, if you remember, was supposed to be the, the seventh or eighth pick on every mock draft they took him. Third, the crowd thought they were either trading that pick for Paul George in, in Boston or taking Chris Don who was a local Providence guy.


And there were some booze when they took Jalen Brown and then he turned out to be Jalen Brown. My point is just because you got a guy who probably should have gone 6, 7, 8 with the fourth pick, what are they gonna do? They were, there were two drafts, there were the first three guys, then there was everybody else. And if you look at the way the the guys four through 12, it became one of those. Beau is the eye of the beholder drafts, right? Campbell goes to the New England, Graham goes to Cleveland, Genti goes to Vegas, six Mebo goes to the Jet seven, Ted McMillan goes to Carolina at eight banks goes ninth and loved one goes over Tyler Warren at 10.


And it's just like you could have done this draft two weeks ago and with that order might have been completely different. So I just think with, with Campbell, they need a lift tackle. They have nobody who can block and the most important guy on the team plays quarterback. And if he could be the 12th best left tackle in the league, you gotta do it. Now a couple other will Campbell things that have gotten me really excited. He talked about, I talked about this with sugar the other day. We able did put on the pads and he did go at Campbell to kind of feel what his body was. And I had been hearing about this for a week or so and Campbell I guess knocked him over and Vrabel was really impressed by that. But Vrabel, I've gotta confirm multiple ways now.


He loves putting the pads on, hitting the guys, feeling their body mass, feeling how sturdy they are. So love Will Campbell grew up at Monroe, Louisiana home of Bill Russell. Not nothing. He cried for 25 seconds on stage today after he got drafted. I got a little choked up. He said, I'm gonna fight and die to protect them with everything I got. When was asked about how are you gonna protect Drake, may I repeat, I'm gonna fight and die to protect them with everything I got. I'm all in on this guy. There's, there's been a lot of jokes in the Boston area. It's been a pretty polarizing pick. There was a tweet, I forget who did it, it was one of the, I think WEA guys that it was showed a picture of him crying and it was like, will Campbell's arms are too short to wipe away the tears?


We're gonna get a lot of that Will Campbell. I think it's an inch difference. It doesn't phase me. I think we get in trouble with drafts when people don't fit the boxes we have for the types of bodies. And the reason I mentioned this with a basketball analogy is because we watched Jalen Brunson on the next Knick tonight as Will Campbell's getting drafted, who has now become one of the, I think 10 best players in the league, 10 or 12 best players. He fell to the second round in the NBA draft 'cause he was too short, wasn't fast enough. Like I I, you know, I'm, I'm in my fifties now. We've been doing this with drafts my whole life. What the centers an inch too.


Draymond Green falls to 37 in the draft. 'cause what is he is the center, can he shoot these guys don't fit in boxes. And if Will Campbell has been awesome his whole career And the one catch on him is his arms might be an inch too short. Like guess what? We need a left tackle. Hopefully his arms started too short. So I'm in on this pick, I'm gonna defend it. I sign off on it. I think they did the right thing. I also think nobody wanted a trade up. So that was it. So Loveland went over Ty Warren to the Bears at 10 because Ben Johnson, oh he needs a tight end. Meanwhile anyone who spent $30 on Sam La Porter in their draft last year wanting to, wanting to punch themselves in the face. So we'll see how loved one does, I dunno, is that are the bears falling victim to, we have Caleb Williams, let's just keep drafting offensive weapons and not building a right team around him.


We'll see they spent a lot of money in the offensive line. I didn't love that pick, but the picks that I did love and granted I parachute into this, but I did really get into the draft this year 'cause of the pat situation. I really thought they were gonna trade back. So I was kind of looking at 20 guys and doing the deep dives on him. So the picks that I did, like Jalen Walker fell to Atlanta at 15 and he was one of the ones that seemed like he was a fast riser down the stretch. And he was even getting rumored for a second at four and Peter Schrager was doing his whole to a man. People will tell you that this guy just wows the room. He's one of those like great character wows the room guy fell to 15 to a team that never seems to have a pass rush.


So I really like that pick for them and it just felt like they got good value. I loved Hampton to the Chargers at 22 who everyone thought was the second best running back in this draft. And maybe some people felt like the distancing him and Gente wasn't really even that significant. This guy just seems like a kick ass bang banging the line, keep keep the chains moving guy. And they needed somebody like this. And I just thought at 22 that's where you wanna take a running back. And then Matthew Golden went 23 to the Packers. I'm just gonna say this, I I'm gonna make a prediction. I think he's gonna be better than McMillan and I'll get to McMillan in a second and then I like that.


I like that Houston was able to trade 25 for 34 99 and a third round pick because the Giants got excited about Jackson Dart who might be a career backup. But I thought that was smart that they were loading up on picks 'cause they need stuff. My favorite dumb trade was Atlanta traded number 46, number 2 42 and a 2026 first round pick to the Rams for number 26. And I just, I love having the Falcons with this current administration in the draft. It's like in my, in my vote out draft with Sal and those guys. We have our crazy friend Brad's in there and you just never know where you're getting every year with Brad this year he took like nine or 10 running backs and it was just like, of course he did.


He is Brad, that's basically become the Falcons. Nobody moves up 20 spots from 46 to 26 and gives a first round pick in a draft where by the time we got to the mid twenties, I don't think anyone was doing backflips. I thought that was hilarious. I thought it was a very fun draft for glass half empty stereotypes. Will Campbell has short arms, Genty runs with his pads too high. Apparently heard that one a couple times. Mebo, you could see this in The Ringer draft guide was called a a a Leaner and a Lunger, which i, I think are bad traits for, for a tackle apparently. But my number one, and this is why I didn't like the Te mc bill and pick was, and I thought that was the worst pick.


I thought him going to the Panthers at eight was the worst pick in the draft. We'll see if I'm right or wrong, but Ted McMillan can't get enough. Separation was the thing that people were hanging on. There was also the, he loves volleyball more than football. I'm not gonna acknowledge that they can't get enough. Separation I think is a real thing because the Patriots over and over again have drafted receivers or, or signed receivers like Devante Parker who the guys that are never open because they can't get any separation and then the quarterback has to make like perfect throws just to getting the ball. You see these highlights of these guys in college making one hand catches jumping over five, nine defensive backs. And I just, I want guys who are wide open.


If I'm drafting a receiver, I want somebody like Golden where you see the clips and he's just like wide open in all the clips. I want guys like that. I don't care about the guys who can make the catches in traffic. It seems like those guys are more likely to bust than anything. So that, I would say out of all the half glass, half empty stereotypes, that's the one I might, I might believe in most mainly because I've been burned by 20 plus years of terrible Patriots. Picks Another big takeaway from this draft, which I think people say any every year, but I was really thinking about it this year. Why do people go to the NFL draft? I feel like I get 99.9% of the sports fan experience, which is a reason that I think I've had some success over the years.


This I don't get. And I was thinking like during the darkest, most interesting, most bored stretches of my entire life, which is is probably my mid twenties when I was broke and barely employed or unemployed sometimes or semi employed and then employed again. My mom was paying my mobile gas card, was charging soda and food on it, hoping she would've noticed even then my darkest moments, I never would've wanted to go to the NFL draft. I wouldn't have wanted to go if it was in Boston, much less driving to Foxborough to go, I just don't get it.


And I'm not saying I'm right or wrong, I just don't personally understand it. I don't get it. And maybe if Van pops on here in a second, I'll, I'll ask him. But everybody seems like they have a great time. But this year specifically to go to Green Bay, which is a really hard place to, to go to, to find a hotel, it's hard. The the airport situation's a disaster. I just, I don't get it. I also didn't get I why Roger Goodell came out on a bike and I, I don't get in general why he tries so hard to pretend. He is like this great, awesome guy when we all know he is. He's, you know, he's he's a business assassin.


That's the reason he's stayed the commissioner of this song. But you're not gonna fool us riding a bike and bear teammates or draft picks. One other note, the Giants triple down on their defensive line and it's fun. I have a lot of Giants fans in my life to make fun of them about this because they immediately default to the first Super Bowl win over the pass. Well worked out for us in 2007. It's not gonna work out this time because the rest of your team really sucks. And your quarterbacks are Jackson Dart and Tommy DeVito and Russell Wilson and Jamis Winston. And I wish you all a lot of luck and I still hate you for 2007 and 2011, so I just wanna get that in.


But this is the Mike Lombardi theory with if you have a strength, double down on the strength. This is one of my favorite Lombardi theories that we'll see. This, this giant thing will be a good example. Can we be really awesome at one part of football? And can we be so awesome at it that we'll actually transfer to the, the rest of football. Those are all my notes. The only, the only thing about people going in the draft, I did enjoy when, when the Packer fans booed the Bears, Steve McMichael came on, they had the memorial, the moment of silence or whatever happened there and the crowd got respectful for a second and then went back to busting the Bears again. That whole Packers Bear thing is really funny.


And and I enjoy that. I still don't know why you would stand there as people got picked. I just don't get it. I'm not, I'm not trying to sound superior to people. I I just don't personally understand it. So if anyone can explain it to me, I'd love to. I'd love to know more. All right, SAR, you have, do you have a take on this? I have no idea why people are there. I don't, I don't get it at all. I don't get it. What do they do between the picks? Yeah, because they, they, you know, it's like, I guess the whole point would be like, can you get on TV to be the one Giants fan? Like holding up your jersey, just yelling. So it's a TV punch. Jackson Andar. I, I don't know. I, I don't know. I don't get it. And like, you know, maybe we're just really out of touch and like losers.


I, I don't, I don't know like, I mean I'm trying not to be like the anti fun guy, but I just, I don't get how I, I literally asked my wife, I was like, would you rather be in Times Square for New Year's Eve or at the NFL draft? And she was like, I honestly don't know. I New Year's. Eve's a good example 'cause I don't get that either, but I at least I get it a little bit 'cause it's something to do on New Year's. It's like what Joe New Year. But it also seems terrible. We went to Times Square, we had to do it. Yeah, it seems awful. Yep. Interest but NF NFL NFL draft seems, can you drink at this? Like, do they sell food? They must. Right? And I mean you're so far away from the state, like they were doing the aerial shots and you're not even close to the stage. I mean the, the people close to the stage. I don't even think, you know, like I would say 95% of the audience was not even remotely near the stage area.


You're just like in this parking lot behind, behind it. I, I Don't know. Right. It it looks like you're like at a concert at Wembley Stadium. Correct. And you're way in the back like watching, you know, whoever. Yeah. Do you feel the same way about the NBA draft? No. 'cause it's a little more confined. This just seems like this massive sporting event that I, I just don't get it. Do you agree with me on McGillan? Maybe Should just to party and get hammered and you know, I don't, maybe that's just the, the sell which, you know, that's it bros trip and you just get there and everybody's kind, you're running Airbnb for a weekend and you just kind of do your thing. Maybe that's a, maybe that's fun. Yeah, That's the thing is I don't, I'm not saying I I'm leaving the door open that I'm completely wrong and I'm just not seeing it correctly me.


But I don't see it in any way. Do you think Sanders should have fallen into the second round? I I feel like I like him more than the consensus does. Like all these GMs and anonymous, I love the anonymous thing too. It was like there was people trying to out anonymous everyone else with anonymous quotes. I don't know. I mean, I obviously wasn't in any of the meetings with the guy, but I, I kind of respected him. Like he seems like he's got a decent head on his shoulders given who he is, who his dad is. And he got his ass kicked at Colorado almost every single week and really never complained and was just a baller. So, I don't know. I'm not a talent evaluator but I I I respect his game. But clearly there's just, I think, you know, the, the, it was weird on the broadcast 'cause they, they just kind of refused to ever say like, Hey, maybe he's just not that talented and that's why he's not, they kept, you know, KUER kept bringing it up.


They kept talking about how you know, about his dad showing him and it was kind of awkward and maybe it's just, hey, he's not that good of an arm strength guy and you know, why are we taking that guy in the first round? Maybe it's as simple as that.


I heard a rumor and it's true. FanDuel loves the NBA playoffs. They love when you get in on the action with them. Right now all customers can get a no sweat. Same game. Parlay every single weekend when you bet the NBA playoffs. That's right. Use your token on three plus leg. Same game parlay or same game parlay plus any NBA playoff game. Get bonus bits back if You don't win. Like you could get excited about a Minnesota Lakers. Say game three, game four. I think t's going off in this game. I'm betting the over on points. I'm gonna bet the over on threes. I'm betting Minnesota to win. Throw it in there. Knock yourself out. I love betting on FanDuel. Great promotions every day. Safe and secure app. Instant payments. No better place to bet all the playoff action that America's number one sportsbook. Visit FanDuel dot com slash bs. Get a no sweat same game. Parlay every weekend at the BA playoffs. Once again, that is FanDuel com slash bs. FanDuel official sports bet partner the nba. You Must be 21 plus in president select states or 18 plus in president DC. Opt-in required minimum three Legg Parlay required refund issued as non bonus bets that expire seven days after receipt max refund $5 unless otherwise specified restrictions. Supply including token expiration C terms@sportsbook.fan.com. Gam prom call WIN GAMBLER. Visit RG help com.


This episode is brought to you by MICHELOB ULTRA Spring is here my favorite time of the year. That means the NBA playoffs are here too. What am I the most excited about? I'm excited to see if the Celtics can defend their title. I'm excited to see if Steph Curry and Yoic can keep going and going and going round after round. I'm excited for the potential of an LA versus LA playoffs series. It's never happened. Clippers, Lakers, never in my lifetime is OKC For real. Is Cleveland for real? Is SGA gonna prove that he is the best scoring guard in the postseason? Basically since Michael Jordan. Since Kobe Bryant. Is he on that level? We're all gonna find out. There's plenty to look forward to on and off the court. Like MICHELOB ULTRA Courtside, that's another thing. It's getting fans closer to the game with unique prizes. Plus they're giving you the chance to win tickets to the NBA finals. You heard me. The NBA finals, which I hope are in Boston. Just head to michelob belcher.com/nba finals MICHELOB ULTRA courtside NBA finals sweepstakes no purchase necessary open US residents, excluding Maryland residents 21 and up begins 9:00 AM ET on February 16th, 2025. Ends on May 5th, 2025. See official rules at MICHELOB ULTRA dot com slash rules for price and details. Message and data rate may apply Void. We're prohibited.


All right. We brought Van Lathan in. He was available even though it's late at night. I know you're a night owl like us. We're talking about why Sanders fell to the second round and I had to give you the floor 'cause I know you watched him, not just at Colorado, but even before that. Were you surprised that he fell in the second round in a league where half the teams seem like they're not happy with who their quarterback is? I was as surprised with his fall as I was with Anthony Richardson's rise when he was going through the process. Because I had watched so much of him, I watched so much of him and I had seen him like never really played competent quarterback at Florida. Outside of some moments and a couple of games with Shadeur.


It's completely the opposite. I expected that the measurables wouldn't be crazy. 'cause when you watch him, you think sometimes is he a new alarm? He obviously isn't hyper twitchy as far as his movement when he decides to run. However, just watching him as a football player, as a football player, he won games and he changed programs when he got to, you know, the destinations that that that he ended up in college football. Now a lot of people might say, Hey, his record at Colorado was mediocre and it was. But if you look at what Colorado was before he got there, a lot of that offense is on his shoulders.


And he always made plays and he seemed like the kind of guy that you would want at quarterback in terms of the toughness, the ability to make throws and big moments, the ability to make big game winning drives. He's getting his ass kicked. But when it was time to to to to measure out and I guess get in front of people, I guess they didn't like what they saw. Yeah. The the two things that don't make sense to me, big games on the road with crowds, right. Making plays, making making clutch plays every once in a while. Like, which he definitely did. Like he seemed like he had a knack for the moment. And then you mentioned the key thing, how freaking tough he was, which I think when you're at the next level, you're just gonna, either you're gonna stand in the pocket and take hits or you're not.


We've seen so many quarterbacks who seem like they're afraid to get hit. I'm not saying he should have gone 10th or 12th, but it's hard for me to believe once we get in the twenties with how hard it is to find a quarterback that he wouldn't have gone in the twenties. Which makes me think they thought he was like Andy Dalton basically. Or like a poor man's Andy Dalton. Well Van you watched Jackson Dart. Yeah. And, and especially the Florida game was, was not a, not a pretty watch. Right. But, you know, he's got the arm strength and I guess more of the ideal athleticism. He he runs a little bit better than Shadeur does. I, it, I don't know. Like I, it's, it's one of those things where, 'cause I, you're right, like he, like Colorado's defense was terrible both years.


He was there and he carried them to, you know, ranked to, you know, Colorado being a ranked team for most of the time. He's, he's an impressive dude to me. But clearly, you know, I, if you don't have a good arm like the, like the Anthony Richardson thing, like dudes get tricked into that all the time, you know? Right. Yeah. The guy's, he's six foot five, he's built like an Adonis. He runs well the one throw, the one throw he had last year off his back foot, you know, they'll show that highlight for years to come. It's like, all right, well we'll bank on that guy. It's hard to bank on a guy who, alright, what's his main trait? Like? He's tough and he's, he's kind of accurate or he is pretty accurate, but he doesn't have a great arm. Like, well see, See this is what I would say about that. I understand what you're saying.


Just I don't want to, you know, Richard is in the NFL now. Just, he just was the example that popped in my head. But like, I watched him like legitimately struggle to grasp his offense and to be consistently productive in it. And all year long there were narratives about whether or not the guy was hurt or, or, or what was the reason what that he couldn't play? You know, I can't really say that about Jackson Dart. What I can say about Jackson Dart is that there are times in big moments in big games where Jackson Dart wasn't there. And there are, there were weird off games where it seemed like teams kind of had gang out K scheme a little bit and they were able to shut down Jackson Dart and, and render him ineffective.


But when you look at the team ole Mrs team from, from last year, they spent a lot of money. Trey Harris was hurt most of the year. That was a guy who probably would've been a, a first round pick at receiver. And then Juice Wells, the big transfer that came in from South Carolina, he didn't work out. He had a disappointing season. So it wasn't like they had explosion all over the office. They had Ulysses Benley, they had some other guys in the backfield that were running the ball pretty well. But the team was a little bit off kilter. Dart was shouldering a lot, a lot of the load for them offensively because they weren't really getting separation from their wide receivers.


And a lot of stuff was going on there. Two things I'll say differently though. He had a multi multimillion dollar squad. There were dudes, or supposed dudes everywhere. The reason why you would say that Shadeur Sanders, you have to call him Clutch, is because Colorado was incapable of dominating anyone. If they were gonna win a game, it was normally gonna be by six. It was gonna be by three. And Shadeur was going to have to make plays for them to win 50 to 40. Yeah. Yeah. He was going to have to make plays for them to win. And I'm just surprised that no one saw, when you talk about the intangibles, a lot of people are talking about, well, he's bad in the interview, he's cocky, he's this, he's that.


The intangibles that I saw was a guy who was able to rally his team and get them to really play for him. A guy who stood in there again behind one of the worst offensive lines I've ever seen in college football history. Like one of the worst lines I've ever seen and make plays and deliver throws. And there was a throw in that not to to, to filibuster or belabor. There was a throw, I specifically remember in the North Dakota State game where he gets drilled and the ball comes out and I'm thinking, that's a pick. I'm like, oh my God, that's a pick. No, he floated it to horn, horn ran under it, and I think that he scored.


So I just thought that somebody would say, that's a guy that I could build an offense around, particularly one of these obviously dome teams. But I, I guess it didn't, they didn't feel that way, you know what I mean? Well, would it, I talked about this earlier, but wouldn't it be amazing if he ended up in Cleveland when we thought there was a chance he could have gone to Cleveland before people realized it was in top three, but now he could go to Cleveland, a team that has been in hell with their quarterback since Baker Bayfield left. And now he goes there, he'd have a wide open runway to be good right away. He'd have a better offensive line than he had at Colorado. But that's, I don't know, the thing I Was Van, where would you wanna see him? Because I was thinking during the draft, I'm like, does he, does he fit well in New York or Cleveland in a cold weather city where like he's gotta drive the ball And what could be bad weather?


Like I, he's, you know, the saints in a dome like that feels just way, way bad. I don't know what the exact fit is, but I, I didn't know if he's the one of those weathers The I've into it. I mean, look at this point, you know, I take Lucifer at quarterback rather than Derek Carr. Like there are all kinds of people, like OJ Simpson could quarterback us, you know what I mean? Kanye West, like, there are a lot of people that I would, that they could put in their quarterback right now that I, I take over Derek Carr pretty much any like anybody. But look, there's no doubt that in the right situation, Shadeur Sanders has what it takes to be successful. What I am not, I'm a guy who watches a lot of college football.


Like I watched every snap that Dart took this year. I watched every snap that Sanders took this year. Right? I just watch every game possible. And especially the teams in the, in the SECI have to watch them. What I can't do is get granular as far as the breakdown of what NFL guys see that makes them go, oh my God, this guy is und draftable. I can only tell you the tape that I saw, like when they were playing games, actual games on a football field and on a football field. It seems like Shado Sanders is a winning player. Jackson Dart is a great big strong guy who's incredibly tough, incredibly tough, but I don't know, man, that offense is, is it's, it's designed to manufacture statistics.


It's a simple offense 'cause they go so fast. So there's just a lot of things that Jackson Dart might be asked to do on the next level that I don't think he was asked to do at Ole Miss Handsome guy. And maybe that'll be his legacy handsome guy go you coming to interview. Seems, seems like he's like, Brad Pitt's coming in. Cleveland has 33 and 36. The two teams between them are Houston who already have a quarterback and Tennessee who just drafted a quarterback. And if they passed on him twice when their quarterbacks are Kenny Pickett and, and Deshaun Watson who's out for the year and everybody in Cleveland hates that, is just damning.


And then you go to the Raiders, they're sitting there at 37 and could they try to move up? Like, I, I can't imagine him getting by at 37. Then it's like, all right, what the fuck's going on Van? When does this become one of the most reprehensible sports media people yelling at each other's stories we've had in a while. What, what needs to happen? Yoko Jokin versus Mbbi for the MVP was, oh my God, the last time it got really Dark. You get that bad? I got drawn into that past. Yeah. Yeah. I, I don't know the, the, the cultural story of this one is, is pretty big as well. Like I saw Dion get at Orlowski on Twitter.


Oh, and yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Somebody said that Dan Orlowski is, is a hater now because he gave a somewhat negative opinion about Shadeur Sanders and it wasn't really a negative opinion. He said if Shadeur Sanders doesn't go in the first round or if a couple teams pass on him, this will be why. These are the things that he needs to work on. And someone comes and says, I didn't know he was a hater. And Dion goes, oh my God, he is a hater. The Dion part of this just cannot be overlooked. The fact that Dion is such a gigantic personality that maybe there are some people that have been rubbed the wrong way by the entire Colorado apparatus.


And that is the thing that's gonna be gnawing at the talking heads for the next couple of days. Because, you know, quarterbacks fall all the time, but this one's gonna be seen as a gigantic injustice where it could be just a guy that the NFL scouts don't like. Or it could be more, The injustice to me is that we don't have enough good quarterbacks. So you have to really think this guy doesn't have it. If you're like, we still don't know who the Steelers quarterback is. Erie, is it like Kirk Cousins now? Like what I, I, is it like, like really they're gonna do the Aaron Rogers rollercoaster kind of keep their fingers crossed for a guy who seemed like he was washed last year.


But I would say the count counterpoint would be every, every draft expert has basically told us that like Cam Ward in last year's draft is going, what, like fifth or sixth of all of the quarterbacks. So if you think Cam Ward is better than Shadeur Sanders, which I think we all probably do, at least as a prospect, that's, that means he's at least seventh, the seventh best quarterback in, you know, and how many, how many times is seven quarterbacks going round one? So is he just being, was he just kind of being propped up because hey, we need to latch onto somebody. Quarterbacks are sexy. Usually two to three go in the first round. Like maybe he's up there when like, you know, I guess the statistics would tell you that this draft is just not a great quarterback draft. So I I I don't know.


Like I it seems cluster theory, I really don't know what to believe. Yeah. That's what happens with these clusters, with the draft where you're the best looking person in your cluster, but it's not a good cluster and you can fool people into thinking you're better than you're I thought that was really interesting that people, I saw the same stuff that people thought like Bo Nicks would've gone ahead of Kim Ward if they were in the same draft. That's crazy. Jesus. I guess, yeah, I I get what you're saying. But I looked at that sort from a different perspective to where it's a weak quarterback draft like a weak one. Right. And he still fell out of the top, out of the first round.


Like we watched the a draft where Michael Pennix with a really questionable medical, like that guy's a stuck quarterback, don't get me wrong. And he ran four or five when he was at the combine. So obviously his legs work, but we watched him get taken, we watched the JJ McCarthy thing. Still blows my mind. Right? It it, and it's not, I'm not saying that the guy's not good. I'm saying that we're talking about someone that was in a hand the ball off. Make a couple the plays a game offense. Right. Game manager and a game manager. It, it, he is about to be handed the keys to the kingdom up in Minnesota. All of that stuff together. I know that the team won a lot and that's got to mean something.


But I'm saying now it just seems like it wasn't that Shadeur Sanders didn't find the right fit in the first round. It seemed like he was radioactive, which it wasn't a, Well it does seem like the interviews were a real thing, Right? So it, it, There was a, and people were being anonymous 'cause they didn't want people coming at them, but it didn't seem like a fake story. It did seem like something that turned some teams off. But can I ask you a question? Let's say that it's not a fake story. The question is why is it a story? Why would an anonymous source you, you have a bad interview with Shado Sanders, Right? Why are they saying anything?


I'm just asking. Yeah, I'm not, by the way, I'm not, I'm not casting any type of a person. I'm saying, I'm asking why, like, you have a bad interview with You, make it out. 'cause you wanna get him in the second round and you're like, yeah, that guy's a fucking asshole. And meanwhile like, I hope he falls to 33. But it, it, it, it get, it got to a point to where every single fucking thing was so negative. Like, did you hear that? We watched him tie his shoes and it took him fucking five seconds to do the loop de loop. Something's wrong with this guy. He's Raft. It was like The draft day movie. It was the, the birthday party. It was Bohan, Right? The the whole thing. So I, I'm just, you know, I'm, by the way, I'm not, I'm just saying that this was pretty remarkable for, from a guy.


There's that other tweet from Dion where Dionne is saying, Hey, my son's gonna go top five. Rudy, like everyone was saying that he was going to be like a top five draft pick. So versus Ward for three months. But that cooled off the last couple of days. It did, you know that it, it almost the Last couple weeks. Yeah. Yeah. But it it, it almost feels like, did, did we just kind of like talk ourselves into something that was never actually gonna be real, you know, and Well I, I know as a Patriots fan hoping that two quarterbacks were going top three, you could feel it shifting in fucking February that once the first wave of analysis came in on him, it wasn't, it was pretty bleak.


So I don't get it. There's there, there's one other thing that, that I looked back at it and I was like, these things didn't help, at least to me. So Ken Ward and Sha do Sandis train together. And so all throughout the last couple of months there were all of these training videos of them and they were throwing together and you know, ward would step up and he would throw a couple reps and then Shadeur would step up and he would throw a couple reps. And I remember watching both of those guys throw and be like, uhoh. Right. You know what I mean? Like, he is like, like, don't get me wrong, SHA throws a pretty football, I think think he's a first round quarterback.


I think he's gonna have a successful NFL career. But the physical difference between the guys was, was, was, was pretty remarkable when you watch both of 'em throw. Dan can we go rapid fire really quick? Will Campbell certainly number four Patriots. His arms are apparently an inch too short. I've talked myself into the pick. But you loved him. Can you make the Will Campbell face case for my Patriot fan friends? All I can say is that the guy faced some of the best, most talented pass rushers in the entire country. And he didn't hold up. He fucking dominated. He dominated, he didn't, he wasn't a, this is a guy who can hold up at tackle for you.


This was a dominating pass blocker. And I'm sorry man. Actual game shit has to matter. He is a doll. You guys got a good one. Did it make you cry when he cried? No, I thought, I thought it was actually more interesting that when he was walking up to the podium to go talk to Goodell, that he completely ignored Brian Kelly. That like, that that freaked me out as a LSU fan. I'm wondering did they fuck with this guy? Like he completely ignored Brian Kelly. Brian Kelly actually went, did, gave one of these to him. He just, he didn't have any time for coach. What was your favorite pick of the first 15 rounds for value slash you think the guy's gonna absolutely kick ass for the team For value slash kick ass for the team?


I mean the value picks are, are pretty obvious here. You know what, Notice how he is not saying Kelvin Banks to the saints at nine. That didn't jump off outta the tongue. I'm not saying look, I I think the entire, I think the entire town was surprised that the entire state was surprised that, that they, that they took a tackle. This is not a value pick, but my favorite pick of the entire draft wa was one that was scripted exactly the way it was supposed to go. It was Ash and Genty to the Raiders because of all of the excellent players that we've talked about all year long. He is such a fucking dominant football player. He's such a dominant football player and he is going to a team that has some pieces where he's gonna really be, get a chance to produce.


I think he's gonna have like a, a flat out awesome rookie year. I'm excited to use him on Madden too. Erie, what was your favorite value slash I love this fit. I love everything about this pick I Love Hampton to the Chargers. What do you think his, because what do, what do you think he's gonna go in an auction draft? Like pe dudes are gonna lose. Oh yeah, He's a 40 guy Run the ball. Yeah, like he's gonna be a top guy and you know, there's a lot of people that said, you know, Gente is like, you know, physically just a freaking special. But that Hampton's not that far behind him. And I, I I that's like a perfect 'cause. Yeah, 'cause all those charges running backs too were just like ticking time bombs like, you know, with all Dobbins is, you know, just another injury waiting to happen unfortunately.


And Gus Edwards is like a thousand years old or Ellie seems like it, like it, it just seems like a plug and play guide. It's gonna be like an all pro potentially like in a couple seasons. Yeah, that was one of those, if you took them at 12, it's like ah, it's high, but that's a nice pick. But when you get 'em at 22 you're like, oh, no brainer that I agree with you. That one the Falcons getting, getting Walker and then I really let Golden to the Packers. They just over and over again just keep getting these receivers. The pats haven't, haven't been able to draft one in 20 years and the Packers over and over again are just grabbing these dudes. But I thought that was a good one. The Eagles kind of did it again too with Jihad Campbell. Right. Fans like it's a Great pick.


Yeah. Like they just get another SEC stud who somehow falls and there's the injury concern, but man Yeah, Yeah, it was, he had the injury, but a great pick a terrorizing player when he's helped him, man. Good guy. Guy. Who would you, would, would you have taken Travis Hunter Abdul Carter if you had the second pick? Travis Hunter. Okay. Would you have traded all that stuff? Jacksonville traded to ghetto? Probably not, but if, if, if you're there, I take him in in front of Carter because Samin like if you, what's the best case scenario for Carter that he turns into like a Micah Parsons type of player? He's not quite as good as Micah Parsons. Right. Like Parsons, slightly poor man's Parsons I think would be Slightly poor man's Parsons, right?


Yeah. Hunter though to me has the opportunity, particularly if he just decides on one side of the ball. Yeah. To me the defensive side of the ball is where I think he needs to be. He could be everything. He could be the next Deion Sanders, Darrell Revis type of player that like locks up a side of the field four team for X amount of years. That was a very fun pick. All right. Thanks for staying up with us fan. No problem. Thanks sir. Rudy, always good to see your face as well. We're gonna take a break. Come back with CR


Mahoney. This episode is brought to by LinkedIn. During the season, every baseball team plays 162 games. It's a true test of endurance. It's not enough to have a hot month or two. You need sustained dominance throughout. While the same is true for your small business, it's not enough to have a great Q2 or even a great year. You want year over year growth that starts with better hires. That'll be there for the long haul to find those hires. Use LinkedIn. LinkedIn has strong hiring data and insights that you won't find anywhere else to help pair you with the best candidates from unique skills and interests to the connections you have in common. Based on LinkedIn data data, 72% of small businesses say that LinkedIn helps them find high quality talent. LinkedIn also lets you go beyond people who are actively applying in a given week. 171 million LinkedIn members aren't actively seeking jobs, but they are open to new opportunities. That's a big pool to miss out on. If you're not hiring with LinkedIn, find your next great hire on LinkedIn. Post your job for free at LinkedIn dot com slash simmons. That's LinkedIn dot com slash simmons to post your job for free terms and conditions apply.


This episode is brought to you by cogi. Customer service can be so frustrating waiting on hold, being transferred around, repeating yourself. So flip the script with COE's Agentic ai. Their AI agents do more than automate. They collaborate seamlessly integrating into any system. A agentic AI works alongside your customer care team to deliver service, support and experiences at scale, reducing costs, and making customers happy. Experience COE's agentic AI at cogi.com/happy.


Alright, we're recording this 9:33 PM no wifi in my house for some reason. So I'm using my iPhone. I think it looks fine. The dream team is here. Rob Mahoney. Chris Ryan just watched OKC come back from at least 55 points. Mahoney, was that the John Maria got injured game or the Alex Cruso? Not quite the Alexo game, but if it was a bigger game it would be the Alex Cruso game game. Why not both, but the I think the, the dark clouds of John Morant falling that hard in the fashion that he did and the way that the game just completely flipped on its head the moment that he left. It's hard not for that, for that not to be the top line takeaway. It's just such a bummer.


Yeah, I mean he's, he's always somebody you worried was gonna get injured in every game 'cause of the way he played. But that was not his fault. That was a pretty fluky. I they Sierra was that dirty to you at all, or not really? I actually did do a little bit of research. I, I did some zapruder on this. It does feel like DOT's slipping before he even realized that. Yeah, definitely that jaws there. But I'm sure other people have di differing opinions. Tough, tough week for guys slipping and then undercutting famous stars in the playoffs. Do you wanna get it off your chest early or do you wanna save it for later? Not great. Not great. I'll tell you what OKC did show me though. Okay. It's never good to lose by 30 when you're, you're the favorites to win the title in a game three when it looked like the series was over after the first two games and then Ja gets hurt, momentum shifts, but it was still like a 24 point game in the third quarter, you know?


And then OKC did the thing that, you know, I really appreciate if you're gonna have some championship pedigree, can you really crack down? Can you go on a run? Can you crack the defense up another level? And then all of a sudden it started to feel like the first two games. So Rob, weirdly, I think that game was like a a, a win and something that maybe OKC needed for those last two rounds that they're gonna get to would be my takeaway. No, I mean it's certainly a better context than winning by 50 plus, right? Like these are the kinds of, these are the kinds of runs you wanna have to make. And I think the Caro point you laid up top is, is really important, this idea that he is a crucial part of their closing groups and I think showed in this case, you gotta play that dude off the floor 'cause he will fuck you up and he will end your season.


Like the number of just completely disruptive defensive plays he had down the stretch against bigs, against Wings against guards. He just like his defensive range is so incredible. And the only thing you can really do is try to challenge him to hit some shots. Try to try to, you know, sp I think push him on the other end to the point that OKC has to make some hard calls and they just never reach that point. 'cause Caruso was that good. And ultimately I think because Chet and J Dub were that good too. Yeah. It's pretty rare to go into a closing stretch of a game, especially with a comeback that significant was like, I think they were down 29 at the most, right? Yeah. And then to have the defensive possessions be the thing you're gonna walk away remembering. I know. Yeah. It's not like it's, it's not like Cory Brewer and Josh Smith like bombing away.


It's like, no Alex crew literally just like stop the Grizzlies from scoring like 10 times and that swings the game CI as, as a scrappy former little basketball player. Did you, is there kinship watching him take on Jaron Jackson? Is there anything more fun if we were just gonna rank things that don't quite get, I thought, thought You were gonna say as a, as a guy with a, a receding hairline, like, Oh did you see I didn't even think of that. There are many inroads to this metaphor it turns out. But it's one of those things that's so secretly fun about basketball that we all enjoy but we don't talk about nearly enough is when the much smaller guy is guarding the bigger guy who's just being completely exposed. We're seeing it a little bit in the Golden State Houston series too with Draymond and Fred Van Blet, where they're just like, Fred Van BLEs, like five 11, we're gonna put him on Draymond, what are you guys gonna do?


And he can't do anything. But for Jaron Jackson, who I did not vote for all NBA and I think is a frustrated player to watch sometimes, but I, I don't, I did not think that was a good look for him. Cr Yeah, I thought he had that one nice shot that went high off the glass towards the end of the game. Like every once in a while he pulls something out of his back. His handle does not really, he doesn't have the handle of somebody that you can trust in a fourth quarter in a big game like that right Now I will say that for Memphis it's probably incredibly difficult to navigate the jaws here. Jaw's not here. Yeah. Yeah. Because they feel like such a different roster when he goes out, it automatically makes, you know, your canards like that much more important.


Your char is important. Like whereas the, those guys should be additive and not essential. And so I just, I really feel for Memphis, they're probably not, they were probably never gonna win this series and they were probably gonna get, maybe not swept, but it was probably gonna be a gentleman sweep. And now it just seems like this might be a franchise altering night for them. Yeah. I mean that was like a best case shooting half for Memphis overall. They were hitting everything. It was just, everything was clicking into place. Starting with Scotty Pippen Jr having such an amazing game, amazing for them to have to give it all back. Like this is so dispiriting is so crushing. And I think the Jaron Jackson piece of this is, is interesting to talk about. 'cause OKC is a horrible matchup for him. Like I, I think his handle is good enough to beat bigs. It's not good enough to beat the Alex Caruso's and certainly to drive into the teeth of a defense like Oklahoma City.


It's just, yeah, that's where you really strain even the more developed part of his skillset from this year. So it seems like John might be seriously hurt. We have no idea as we're taping this, but he came back out in crutches. Crutches never good. No. Maybe it's a hip thing. Maybe they think it might be a, who knows. I don't wanna speculate, But honestly when he took his jersey off coming off the court, I he was, he was not responding as if he was gonna be coming back out there. You could see that he was in a lot of pain. You could say he was in a lot of anguish over that fall. It was, it was a tough scene all around. I Hated it man. It was just like, it's the, the, the jaw experience in such a, a sick nutshell where he was about to do something incredibly sick.


Yep. Yeah. And you're like, this is why I watch basketball. This is incredible. And then just the freaky fluky stuff. But I want, I want like guys to try to do stuff like that. That's why you watch hoops. The audacity to hurdle Lou dot Yeah. Is what makes J Jah, but it's also what leads to these plays. Unfortunately I missed it live, so I went back a couple of minutes 'cause when I flipped over, I flipped over when I saw Veno tweet like, oh no. And I was like, this can only be one of three or four things. So I went back and when I established it wasn't a cowboys draft pick situation, I was like, oh, let me find when the jaw injury must happen. And I went too far back and you can watch him and you can see like all the life in his eyes and he's just such the heartbeat of the franchise while he is out there. Yeah. And like the crowd is feeding off of him.


So it was really eerie to go back like even a minute before the injury and then it all changes. Yeah. When veno tweets, oh no, the most likely scenario is a jaw injury. Li given that the NFL draft tonight, it was probably like I have over two and a half quarterbacks in the first round. Oh no. I mean there was all kinds of gambling possibilities too. This OK C piece, you know, it, there's not a lot to learn from this series. It's a, I think pretty much of a mismatch. And if Memphis was gonna win a game, it was gonna be tonight, but for the most part this was either gonna be four or five. But it did get interesting down there, five minutes left. Memphis is playing really hard, Pippin's doing some interesting stuff against SGA as like a smaller guy trying to like kind of dive down on his dribble and you know, they're throwing like some flash double teams at him.


They're bouncing off him and just trying to watch them execute. And the, the big guy was, was Holmgren where you really felt the, the stretch five ness of him. And he was not not shy about taking shots, he made one big one, but, but I I was watching that. Did you notice anything down in the stretch there? Because that's gonna happen to them. They're gonna play the Clippers probably in round two, right? They're, they might play Golden State or the Lakers who, who knows in round three and then the Celtics are waiting for them and there's gonna be these little pockets at the end of games. These real crunch time moments when yeah. Teams are gonna be throwing everything they have at them to try to knock them out their offense.


It's like, all right, Jaylen Williams, let's say it. Hey check. Can you make that Alex Cruz? Are you afraid of the corner? How about you Lou Dort, what did you notice from the last five minutes? I mean, I think just a lot of optimism from the che piece of this game. Just a monster second half overall that is heartening as far as his piece in that, right? They're always gonna have the questions about this sort of secondary offense. They're also gonna have those questions as you say about what, what is the best optimal defense to throw at SGA in a playoff setting. And I think Scottie Pippen Jr. Does a good job against pretty much every star as to guard, like real, real like yeoman's work considering like what he's asked to do. You could say the same of a Chris Dunn matchup. Derek Jones Jr. Is one of the few defenders in the league who actually seemed to have an effect on SGA in the regular season during some of their matchups.


And so the, the challenge of a team like the Clippers as Denver is finding out is the sheer variety of shit that they can throw at you and the way that they can mix up their coverages and their assignments and keep you guessing at all times. And if something is gonna throw the thunder off their game, and I'm not sure it will in a way that they're gonna lose a series, but it would have to be disruptive in that way. Yeah, it's really hard. I I said this last Thursday, it's hard for me to imagine them not winning the title. I thought that this was like a real, like cool gut check win despite the fact that the headline will be jaw the chat thing that I noticed down the stretch bill with the threes was just like how he rendered Ed kind of unplayable. Yeah. I mean he was still out there but like watching Edie try to like get out to the perimeter.


I was just like, just gotta grab it. Yeah. It's, it's the perfect OKC box score if you're saying what's the blueprint for what their championship clenching box score would look like, right. SGA 31 8 holmgren, 24 8 rebounds Williams 26, 6 and five. And then Caruso, how many steals did he have? Four 10. Six with four with four steals. But How many deflections? Yeah. Yeah. And just, it was crazy and had a couple of those Kauai Leonard, I'm just gonna take the ball from you now.


Yes. Moments. Yeah. That are always fun. Speaking of, He was m Fing the crowd as a defender. It's, I I've not seen that recently. I remember the first year he started playing for the Lakers and it became a big thing 'cause his hair was so weird. He hadn't shaved his hair yet and he just had one of those like super duper, almost like one of those sports writers at a Super Bowl haircuts where you're like, what is going on with that guy's head? And it became a huge talking point on social media where they were like, look at this fucking guy, this white guy, the Lakers have, what is going on with this dude? And he had a couple, I remember LeBron broke some sort of record and Caruso was one of the first people that high fived him.


And it was like, wow, this is so awkward, this Caruso guy. And then we all kind of realized watching them, Hey, this guy's pretty good. Am I crazy? Or is Caruso like decent? And then it just kind of kept going. He is a, a decently big part of that 2020 title team and it's gone and gone. And now I find it hard to believe Rob, that he's not a crunch time guy for them. Right. He's well there certainly he's gonna probably be up to be big games. Yeah. Right. Yeah. It's gonna, it is gonna come down to whether you can push him and push them in that way where he has to be more of an offensive presence if you can leverage it. But he's such a good playmaker in a facilitating capacity and he's such a smart cutter. I feel like he always has stuff he can do.


And of course if you're creating enough havoc on defense to create fast breaks, you're gonna win those trade-offs. The issue with Carus has honestly not even really been his offense historically. It's been like, can, can he be healthy enough to play a lot over the course of entire seasons? And with the way everything is shortened up now, it really doesn't matter. You can just put him out there for 25 to 30 minutes a night if the matchup allows it and he's gonna do you a lot of good, Well we thought we were gonna be leading this podcast with Clippers Nuggets. I talked about this on a pod earlier this week when, when I, when I had Zach on and we talked about Kauai for a while and then at the end we talked about this series and I felt deep in my gut that there was a chance the Nuggets might really go sideways.


Like I, I bet the Clippers tonight. I I just, I don't know if the Nuggets think they're good. I mean the Nuggets, I don't know if they believe Yeah. In whatever they're doing and you can kind of feel it. That game got away from them fast. The Clippers made a bunch of threes. I bet Yoic was spectacular in the first quarter. It was, it felt like he was on pace for 30 as assists. But defensively, they're just really limited. They're bench today at one point. I don't know what they finished with at one point. Well Russ was out, right? Yeah. Was the second half foot injury apparently going on? They finished with six points from the bench.


You're not gonna win a playoff game. Not ideal. And they were down 20 points for basically two hours. And now weird schedule clerk this, the clerk, this doesn't usually happen in the first round, but they're playing again 3:00 PM PT on Saturday. Wow. So it's 40 hours after this game ended. Yeah. And that is a, they have Five and a half playable guys right now. Yeah, maybe. Yeah. Peyton Watson's been like kind of a disaster in some of his minutes so far. If Russ can't play, like this is the thing about all, all of the hand wringing about the highs and lows of Russell Westbrook. Like they just straight up need his minutes more than anything. Like they, they can't afford this much Julian Straw there as they're gonna have to throw out there if Russ can't go.


And overall like the construction of the team, to your point, bill does not feel like one that would give you a lot of confidence if you're Nicole Yoic, if you're Jamal Murray, if you're Aaron Gordon with one functional calf, like, I don't know how you watch the team around, you not close out to shooter after shooter after shooter and think, oh, we're, we're just a couple of of effort plays away or we're a couple of strategic tweaks away. This, this feels like a chasm in the series that's developing. Yeah. And I think in part 'cause the Nuggets, they just look shook by the end of this game. They look like a team. They fired their coach in GM a week before the season Ended. Sure. Do. You know, know like, shit, Oh shit, I forgot they did that. And there's three guys on the team who have been the sort of core root of this, of this like run and it just feels like the end of a cycle.


And these guys are looking around for reinforcements and the only place they can look is to Westbrook who's bounced around the NBA for a couple of seasons now. And the, the bridge to nowhere like, like the, the young kids that they were supposed to develop just are obviously not ready or capable. And Porter on any given night. You're like, are you on planet Earth or not? Man. So it's just One arm now too. Like it's, it's just not a good recipe for him After watching these three games. I'm surprised they won one prize. That's what I'll say. Wow. Chris, do you think they should have hired Vincent Hannah as their interim coach? Just if, I mean, Alman is like doing his best, I guess. Yeah. I don't even know what you would do with a week's prep to become the head coach of a, of a championship hopeful.


But I think if we were wondering whether or not Kronke was like Josh Conkey was like, oh, I think we actually have the pedigree to win the title. We just need different voices in the room versus I wanna get this stuff, these guys outta here so we can get ready for the draft in the off season. Now I think it might be the latter. I mean, even didn't Westbrook Saying Westbrook's saying my foot's hurt is like, you fucking get hurt. Walk into doggy, be there BJs in Aara today. Do you just have Me here to do heat basketball? Just pulled The a string on his back. Well, I feel bad for poor Edelman. I just think at this point they might have been better off just hiring actors to play, to play the coach. Coach. Just bring somebody in, bring in Ben Affleck and just tell him to be the way back guy.


Yeah. Wow. Yeah, just to tell him to look like he had a few the night before and he's just gonna yell at the refs and stuff. I, I have to ask the king of narratives, Chris Ryan. Oh yeah. The Nuggets lose badly again Saturday I think. And combined with o kcs sweeping Memphis, the narratives are gonna come shooting left and right, like a t-shirt gun, one of which will be you voted for Yoic for MVP and he just, he just lost in five. Who, who should have won won. Who, Who is you? Well, we're trying to figure out who did this. Me and Celo and probably about 20 other people I think voted for Yoic and And me to be fair.


Yeah. How do you guys Rob You feel about that? I feel fine. I feel like it's a regular season award and I will sleep soundly at night with that knowledge. I actually feel better about it because Denver has been so exposed in this series that it kind of, it kind of cements why I voted for him in the first place. I couldn't believe how mediocre his team was. That's Right. Bill. Bill Never surrender. Yeah. Never spin forward now. So what else do we have for King of narratives cr for this one? Just how taxing title runs are. I mean even I think your beloved Celtics are experiencing this a little bit physically, obviously that has something to do with the sort of the elbows and the dives going on in that series. But it's amazing to watch just even Yoic and how like the tank is kind of like, I mean it's not empty, but it is certainly half full and maybe has like a little bit of like accidental diesel in there at this point.


And maybe he's looking around and he is saying, I don't have any help, but how do you rebuild this team if you're, I mean you, I'm asking you 'cause I I'm like, what are, what are their moves here? What are their options? Is there like, is do you have to take two steps back to take a step forward? I I hate to like be writing their obituary already, but he's two amazing. It's Tough. It's tough to do the down two one, what do they do in this off season? But it was hard not to think of that during the entire day They sneak out a game One win. Yeah. Yeah. In overnight They to one Game one and didn't really look that in it. Tonight it game two is a little closer, but like I just feel like the Clippers are attacking them from all over the court, like Rob said earlier. So I, the narrative here is like, man, like winning a title and being competitive over the course of a three year stretch will really take a lot about a franchise.


Well Rob, you're looking at a Michael Porter, my problem for your problem trade. Right? That's probably where it starts. Do you have somebody you're not happy with? Because we have Michael Porter Jr. Yeah. What about a Swaperoo? I would say that would be the first thing they try to do Or, or to get two functional rotation players for Michael Porter Jr. Right? Like the Denver does need depth in such a bad way. They do need shooting. They need the stuff that at his best NPJ is able to provide. Right now he's clearly not at his best. Maybe he's not at his best consistently enough for, you know, the, the salary slot he takes and the role you're asking him to fill on the team. But I don't know, their problems cut so much deeper. Like they're just not going to go on any long runs if this is how they're going to defend.


And yeah, functionally the core of the team is not gonna get dramatically better in that regard unless you start making some pretty dramatic moves and It's so hard. Right? 'cause if you look back in, in retrospect, it's like we've talked, I think you, everybody's talked about this on their pods and stuff, but like KCP obviously would've been a valuable person for this team to have within the logic of the team's construction. It would've worked. But it's not like KCP set the world on fire as a member of the magic's not so, so it's like, I can see why they were like, we need to get off these guys. We can't pay like guys a little bit out of their prime for past performance. I, I understand all that, but Jesus, when you're watching what they put out there, it's like, it's unbelievable that they won a title a couple years Ago. It was incredible too. Bill, like you were saying, YOIC is passing in the first quarter really was awesome.


Like high level yoic stuff, what you would expect from a player of his pedigree. You, you watch them go on a run, you're seeing him set up these guys with all these no look passes. You're like, okay, Denver's really got something. You look at the scoreboard, they're at four points. I just think the Clippers have done such an amazing job of just chipping away at all of these Nuggets runs. It's a lot of that is James Harden in particular who played amazing basketball today. Kaw Leonard wasn't even that good. And it just did not matter as far as like the Clippers consistency of scoring went. So they've been able to every little bit of something that the Nuggets have put, it's, when you're in that position for Denver, it just takes all of the wind outta you. Yeah. When you, you basically have five and a half six guys and Russ is one of the six and he's not even playing The flip side.


The flip side with the Clippers is like they can beat you with just their two best guys or they can beat you from the margins with Powell. And like if Platoon's gonna hit four threes, Oh my God, backbreaking Threes. I dunno what the magic Nick Platoon three number is for a victory. But it, it, it looked a lot like tonight. Well this is what I, I've been saying all year and I, I don't, I I get it. America's probably not focused on the Clippers home regular season games, but they have a legitimately good home court advantage now. And you could feel it in that first half when they hit a couple threes, the crowd was delirious and you know, they got hot. When a team's gonna make that many threes at home, they're probably winning a playoff game. But man, when Kawhi is as good as he is been, and he, you know, he was 21 and 11 six assists today and Harden was probably their best player in the game.


But Kauai was still seemingly Kauai and just seemed so athletic. He had that one play in the first half when he went coast to coast on a steel, did those two long Kauai steps with Yoku next to him and got it in there. And I, I I just think the Clippers are really good. I'm just gonna keep saying it. I I I think people have to take them seriously as a contender. I think with the Nuggets, you know, doc was on, when Doc was doing my pod, when Doc did my pod after Denver one, he was talking about how much he loves Porter and how just how happy he was for that guy and how people don't realize how big he is and he could rebound. I remember him raving about him. I remember filing it away. Like, I wonder if Doc ever runs a team with Porter be somebody Targets and then you're thinking about Milwaukee in this other series and that's another team that's gonna be, we're stuck.


What do we do? I feel like Rob, we're, we're at peak. We have an awesome player, but we're stuck. What do we do? I think, I feel like we've hit the peak in recent NBA history. You look around these teams like we have Giannis and we have no chance. Yeah. We have Yoic and there's no way we're winning three straight rounds with the team. We have, I don't remember teams with players this good, just really not being in the mix. And I, I think it speaks to how deep the league is now. It's, it's how deep the league is. It's also some of these teams, especially in more of the mid and small markets, running scared of what the apron is gonna mean for them and preemptively trying to get ahead of some of these problems in the way that Chris was talking about.


Yeah. Like that's a, it wouldn't have fully saved the Nuggets. And, and there's some parallel versions of that for the Bucks where like, if anything, maybe they've been a little too aggressive in steering into the skid of their finances. Maybe they've been too aggressive in steering into the skid, certainly of the age curve, right. Of like leaning on someone like Dame Lillard to be Gianni's primary running mate. Yeah. You couldn't have anticipated the blood clot, but you could have anticipated some of the gradual decline year over year that a small guard is gonna have naturally. And so then you end up with Gianni mbo, you end up with Nicola Yoic surrounded by teams that are like fine, you know, pretty good. And because they are so amazing, will at some points trick you into thinking that they're probably a little bit better than they are. And that's a really dangerous place to be at a team to take it.


Like, it's hard to take an honest assessment of who your sixth and seventh and eighth guys are when every time they're shooting an open three from Giannis or they're getting a backdoor cut from Yoic, like it's hard to take stock of your team in those circumstances. Yeah. And it's a, it seems like the, the theme of all of these teams seems to be losing out on their core role players or veterans that are looking for new contract. They miss those guys. Like whether it's the Warriors, the Bucks Yeah. Whether it's Denver and then they wind up regretting it because it's so impossible to like find that exact guy. Yeah. The exact KCP, the exact name Warrior role player. I mean, I guess Iggy Buny Poie retired.


I mean like, it's the person that holds everything together and does all this little stuff. And I just, I I don't even, I as a TI someone who cheers for somebody who's not contending. I can't even imagine how difficult it Must be. Who's your team? I forgot you weren't Cheering for Toby Tonight. I'm cheering for basketball. I'm cheering for the Pistons. Mm. Be Ball Paul. Yeah. To Toby was oh for six in that Knick GameDay and Sierra was like burn in hell. He's had a series. I hope he go for 20. He's been good. Speaking of him, Ben Simmons had a couple moments in the Quips game too. Broke Simmons plus nine Yeah. Plus nine. Broke out a headband, made a stop on somebody and did a little like stare to the crowd, kind of yell to the crowd stuff.


Continuing his streak of dribbling hard Right to the logo and, and then skidding to a stop and hitting the ball off to a guard. I have a suggestion for you for the last act of your career. You've done a lot with your career, but I want you to lose all your hair. Yeah. Then grow out a crazy sports writer receding hairline and become the poet of the Intuit dome. And just write about Ben Simmons' connection to the wall, you know, and how this Was the day Ben Simmons Became a Clipper. That would be what if we started just as signing pieces like that and telling people to just sell the hell out of them. Like somebody goes in and writes like a really heartfelt Yeah. Ben Simmons has finally ha found a home here today. He exploded for zero points and three rebounds, but his defensive stop and the first half really made it yet.


I mean, Derek Jones, a platoon coming off the bench is a hundred times better than anything Denver has. They have seven guys plus the, the Simmons thing. Yeah. I mean you joke about the Simmons part. The Clippers winning his minutes. So decisively is, Is is the win of which A damning a piece of evidence like that. That is really where you are. If you're the Denver Nuggets, it's, you're straight up getting embarrassed by the Ben Simmons Zone Defense Minutes and Yoic is on the floor for a lot of those. Right. And you're still trying to figure it out. You could see them trying to cut behind it, trying to like work some angles. None of it felt sustainable. None of it felt like they ever got into an actual rhythm. No. Breaking down. I repeat a Benzi Ben Simmons zone defense.


You're that, that's the series right there. I do not see a path for them. I'm going to game four. I think the only way they win, well two things. One, the Clippers could just have a game where they go like six for 45 From three. It's three. Yeah. I mean, anybody can just suck in a game and not make any threes. And if you don't make any threes, you could lose to anybody. The only other guy I can see is Murray. Like they need like a 38 point Murray game. But when you watch how the Clippers all these guys they can throw at him. It's just, I I think it's a tall ass. Yeah. They just have too many dudes. So I think I thought Priscilla and I said on Sunday, the n the Nuggets were up one nothing.


And both of us were like, haven't changed my opinion at all. I still feel exactly the same. And I I think it's gonna be really hard for Nuggets to win now. I don't think they can win. Let's take, let's take a break and talk about the malice at the Palace. Part two. Knicks. Pistons. Pistons, Knicks. I thought this was a potential Steve Kerr game, which is what he gave me this theory years ago. And I always monitor it. The young we're so psyched to be in the playoffs again, playoff team hosting the game three and the Energy's through the roof. Yeah. And everybody's like, oh my God, they're gonna go ape shit in this game. The crowd's gonna be amazing. And then they come out and they lay an egg. They did not lay an egg. The Knicks were really good.


And I, I think that the thing that jumps out to me, cr The shot distribution, which was a big topic the last couple days because you have all these really good offensive players and you have Jalen Brunson game two shooting 27 times and taking 12 free throws. I I went on Termin and Eddie's show yesterday. And I, we were talking about like, Hey Brunson, you had 37. That's not necessarily a good thing for your team. If towns looks like he, you know, wants to go listen to Morrissey after the game and, and you know, OG and Obie has 10 points, like maybe get maybe a little more distribution.


And it's basically the Isaiah Thomas mid eighties Pistons rule of, yeah, I could have scored 35, but I scored 23 and three other guys on my team had an awesome game. So the shot distribution this time, 20 brunson 18 towns, 17 an and Obi 13 Bridges, all four guys had 20 points and up. And that to me feels like the balance. So my question you see are intentional or unintentional? I think it was probably intentional. I don't think you can have a roster so overly committed to this starting five in this core and just be like, but it's still a one man show and you guys just stand in the corners. Yeah. And also, I mean, like Brunson missing time over the course of the season.


I think Tellingly when he missed some time in this last bit of the regular season, that's when Bridges kind of blossomed a little bit. I mean, I know that Knicks fans have a love-hate relationship with him, but he needed to be a little bit more featured and a little bit more set up to be, to be a feature player. I, I gotta admit, can we talk a little bit about the Brunson experience? Yeah, Let's go. I, I so excited to do so. Don't Don't dislike Jalen Brunson. Yeah. If I was a, you're Coming to this with trauma, I will say given last year's playoffs, If I was a Pistons fan, I would hate Jalen Brunson. Yeah. And I want to like him. It's hard right now. I'm not enjoying this.


Are you guys enjoying this? How much of this has to do with the Nick Sixers series last year? Almost torpedoing your friendship with fantasy? We're fine. We're we're good. Patched It up 26%. Okay. What, what's your take rob on, on Jalen Brunson, but one of the leagues most unlikely underdog stories ever then be now, now getting the backlash. I'm becoming a little radicalized. I gotta say I, I have a quite high tolerance for James Harden esque theatrics. I'm mostly fine with it. He like Makes Harden look like Bronco gersky. This is The thing. And I think, I think the juxtaposition of him specifically against the Sar Thompson in the series, who's just playing good wholesome defense but with a hyper athletic frame.


Yeah. And you're just seeing him get baited into sometimes dumb young player shit. And sometimes inexplicable non calls that Jalen Brunson gets the benefit of. I will say I thought the first half in this game, he, Jalen Brunson was participating in every version of that possible and trying to sell every one of these calls. I thought he cleaned it up a lot in the second half. And I thought that some of what we were talking about in terms of the shot distribution paid off too. Like he just looked really fresh and was such a huge part of them. Rebuffing all of these pistons runs in part. 'cause he wasn't trying to sell all these dumb fouls every single possession and hitting the floor every single time. At some point you can, you are allowed to just play basketball. And I like when Jalen Brunson just plays basketball. I like when he draws some fouls too.


But we need a little bit of shame. Just a modicum of shame. I, the Pistons fans were trying to, trying to show him some shame. They were chanting FJ and Brunson or FU Brunson and it wasn't really, it obviously kind of fired him up a little bit. He closed really well, I think it's probably his size throws me off a lot because he goes in there like a bowling, like a pinball really. And he just starts flying around the lane. Yeah. The head snap thing is like jarring I think as to watch visually. I think it's the stuff on the perimeter that bothers me the most. The diving in, like, you know, diving into guys when there's like, there he's being defended outside the three point line and just shoulder dropping going into them or you know, flopping down after he's coming down from a shot.


'cause he thinks somebody is in his landing zone. But yeah, I think that it, go ahead. Well I, I went to a Celtics Knicks game like maybe January or February, I can't remember. And was talking about how I just, I hadn't realized that he'd become the best, you know, flopper extraordinaire in the entire league. And, and a lot of the Knicks fans got mad about it. They're like, fuck you, how dare you. He's worse than James Harden. And it's like, yeah. 'cause it's not just him like driving to the basket and flailing to get a call. It's, it's all the stuff he's doing off the ball. It's when somebody sets him a pick and it's just a lot of him throwing his arms up in the air. But it's gamesmanship and it works 'cause it gets the crowd fired up.


Especially in a playoffs series. I thought the crowd was awesome and there was this great moment, the first of many altercations in this game when it got heated and you could hear the crowd, the, the, the decibels of the crowd. Everyone was so excited. There might be a fight that it was like, I was trying to think, is there an arena that is more ready to see a battle on the court in Detroit? Ironically they had the biggest one of the, of the century, but they were just like, let's fucking go. Let's drop the gloves. They thought it was like a Red Wings game. Did you see they we're not allowed to fight in basketball When towns got into it with who? Who's the pi? He got into it with I That Was Paul Reed, wasn't it?


It was Paul Reed. Paul, yeah. And then they, they panned to Isaiah Stewart on the bench. Oh yeah. And he's wearing like a full suit. Yeah. And he's just like, shit. Like, I wish show out there. I thought Isaiah Stewart's like, I should've just sworn my jersey. 'cause then I could've The corner at least. Yeah. The funniest part about this game to be was that there were more dads in the crowd than like a California youth soccer match. It was like Bridges was fighting with Tim Hardaway Sr. Rick Brunson was fighting with Cade Cunningham and with Jalen Rose. Yeah. That was just like, this is an amazing testament to like, to like what's going on with the amount of kids in the, in the NBA. That's true. You know, So if I'm the, if I'm Detroit, I, I thought the Knicks were gonna win this in four or five.


If I'm Detroit, I feel like I'm in the vicinity of this series. It's the opposite of the Denver game. Even if you look at the box score, they got a really good Hardaway game. They got a, a solid Cunningham game typical for him. Some turnovers. They had a really good Shroder game. And I continue to wonder why Miami didn't want Shroder. I'm just gonna ask that in every podcast. Well Miami's like, we're good now. They don't have Terry, Roger, they don't really have a point guard, but Tobias was the one, he'd five points two for nine. He was the one that had the bad one. They're in these games. I think all of these games are gonna be close. I don't see a a blowout either way. I like the matchup of the two, but it feels like Detroit's What do you think Rob?


Like two hairs below. Three hairs below. Yeah, It, they're close. But I came away from this game, which is a two point game feeling pretty confident about the Knicks margin for error because everything you laid out is true. Like those are all elements of, of the game. Some went well for Detroit, some did. And they kind of all came out in the wash for them, for the Knicks part of it. I thought the Knicks just straight up botched their pick and roll defense for a huge portion of this game. Just were not on the same page at all. They got nothing from their bench through this. The entirety of this game. They got outshot from three, they got out offensive, rebounded and they still win, squeaking it out. But down the stretch, it, it really did feel like, I trust Jalen Brunson to make these plays. I trust e even like Carlin Towns to make these plays.


Who he had a tremendous game overall and to the idea of whether, you know, the shot distribution was intentional or not. Kat coming out super agro. You can usually tell really quickly kind of what's in his head. He, he kind of has it all out on his sleeve. And his intention to make his presence felt on this game, I think changed a lot of it early. And that then opened up for Jalen Brunson to do a lot of the closing late Clutch player of the year. Jalen Brunson. Oh Yeah. I forgot A real award that exists. I, I did not vote for, you know, I voted for Yoko 'cause he is the best offensive player in the week. And that the ball all the time. I did see, like the guy I did see, we, we discussed previously Bill, that you had Jason Tatum third on your ballot for Clutch Player of the Year. Yeah. He's Been a bunch of late game shots.


He didn't like that pick. I He's only, I'm 19. I he's Only 19. I'm not disputing it, I'm just saying I saw the full voting and there was exactly one third place vote for Jason Tatum for Clutch Player of the Year. So congratulations For, that's funny because your Way into voting history, The Boston fans are mad 'cause I didn't vote for Pritchard for Six Men of the year. So I, am I a Homer? Am I an anti homer? Who's to say I don't know. I'm, I'm all over the map. The, the, the Schroder piece. Cr when can this guy just find a home? I love having him in playoff series. Is he just like, he's like automatic QB in Thanksgiving. He's just gonna bounce around every playoffs. He's like Rudy Guthrie riding the rails.


Yeah, he's just, yeah. You know, he is just a vagabond of the NBA. I mean I think that the problem for the Pistons is that they're relying on extruder. Tim Hardaway Jr. And Beasley, although Beasley had an awesome CES season. Those guys can't be your second options, third options. You know, like the Cade needs one, one more guy I think they're hoping or hope to was Jaden Ivy. I I love Jayden Ivy even though like he hasn't quite realized his potential tough injury. I have to ask you guys when you watch The Durant, oh I thought you were going Durant right there. Oh no, no I Don't do that. Don't do that. Why not? No, come on man. Ahead. Why couldn't we go Durant? Why not? Yeah, I wanted to know whether or not when you watch the Knicks, Rob does this look like a team that can go very far with the style of basketball and with this like this just feels very much like we have now pushed this to the limit of what this team can do under Tibs and with this roster construction.


That's What it looks like. Well the tips, the tips part is the key part is that the roster is the roster plus Tibs Ross. Yeah, Well e even what we were talking about as far as Jalen Brunson overextending in the previous games, some of that is a tib style of offense as well. Some of it is Jalen Brunson. Some of it is a guy like Kat who can sort of ebb and flow in these games that doesn't always like claim his spot as far as his role in the offense goes. If, if he's not really, really focusing and thinking about it. I think tips is such a weird coach 'cause he cleans up so many things for you, but he also so clearly leaves all of this other low hanging fruit that some other coach could come in and do and make your team a a little bit better in these particular ways. For example, I, I'm just like, I remain stunned by how little one five pick and roll the Knicks run.


Like Jalen Brunson and Town are your best players. It almost doesn't matter who is guarding them. You can do that anytime you want. And certainly every second that Jalen Duren is guarding Carl Towns, which was a lot of the second half after the, the, you know, the Pistons kind of switched that matchup. Why are you not running pick and roll at Jalen Duren every second? He's on the court. Well also why aren't you doing it with Bridges in towns? Like it doesn't just have to be Brunson. Sure. Bridges as good at that too. Lots of options. I'm with you. I so yeah, so like I, I respect him a lot. I think he brings a lot to this team. But there is something to the idea of the formula maxing out at a certain point Cr who is, when Townes does the thing where he intentionally starts some sort of altercation and then does the evil laughing thing.


Is that Garcia Internal Affairs? What movie character is that for you? Cobra Kai person. Who is that? What what movie villain? It's just more like it is the guy who, it's like the guy in Trainspotting who throws the pin glass over his shoulder and doesn't see where it's going. Like there, he's not quite begged me but he has like a little bit of like who started the fight? Yeah. Wow. This is weird. I do it Jot, I don't dunno if he's ever actually been in an NBA fight, but he's always like in around and in the mix of some of these. It's pretty funny. I thought be Paul was trying to get ejected. Like what was that? But he was pissed. I mean like do you think Yeah, I think, I think the thing is that brunson's the whether or not you like watching it, it clearly works because it drives other players nuts completely.


Yeah. And you know like I don't really have like the rule book in front of me to judge whether or not that was a back court violation in the last second there. But he was doing a lot of stuff to just get dur dur was going nuts after for for a while there. Yeah. Yeah. I've I've liked dur in this series. Yeah. Towns was the full towns experience. I thought he had a really good game. But then of course he couldn't resist having the terrible foul at the worst possible time. Yeah. With like two minutes left. He just, who he is, he like, don't, don't forget. I I have to, it's almost like when, when my dog jumps in this little fountain thing we have every once in a while he gets super excited and he jumps in and then he looks at us like I had to guys, I'm sorry I just, it was sitting there.


It was cold. I had to do it. Towns has to like, he just can't help it. He has to have the one foul in the last three minutes and he has to almost get it out of his system. I think you know what growth though is think series goes six. Six. So you think Detroit, Detroit gets one more here. Yeah. Yeah. I think I'm gonna lose one of my bets was Nixon four or five. And I think, I think the trick gets one more, right? They, they get a game where they shoot really well towns gets into foul trouble. We haven't had a foul trouble game. That's the other thing with these game fours. The league can get a little creative with some of the stuff. I'll Lakers Wolves game three. Sierra can I have your animosity ranking toos for round one?


Certainly Luca and Rudy are are pretty high up there. Excellent. I was trying to, I was asking a couple of people last night. I was like what is the Rudy original sin against Luca? And I guess he did punch him in the stomach or hit him in the stomach like a long time ago. Yeah, but I always laugh. I was at the game. Game one he is shit talking Rudy the entire game like with like true hatred in his eyes. Yeah. And nobody from the T Wolf stands up for Rudy. Yeah. It is one of those things where it's just like, you know what man, go ahead. You know if you wanna waste energy telling this guy to go fuck himself, that's fine. So I would definitely put Luca and Rudy up there pretty high team wise.


It's a, oh Can we wait, can I have a couple other candidates for the Oh yeah please. I think Dame Halliburton has to be, I was gonna say Pacers Just straight up Is is, Oh you're going straight up. Team versus team. Yeah, there's a lot I would go, I would go Dame Halbert but also team versus team and then, you know, it's bad when they just cut to James Johnson randomly when he's not even really playing. Like he's over there just Lurking in the corner. Fucking man James Jackson. He'll kill you. Yeah. Buck's Pacers is way up there. I think Seltz Magic is starting to like, they've made Al Horford magic, which is most impossible.


Yes. KCP versus Al Horford. Yeah. They made Al Horford mad. Yeah. Which happens like three times a year. I was kind of shocked by that. I don't know. One of the most popular nicest Celtics. Probably the most popular Celtics teammate of the last 15 years. And he was ready to hit KCP with a two by four. What about his sisters going at Magic Fans on Twitter? It's pretty amazing stuff. What About Draymond with each and every rocket? Yeah. Like completely that Separate arguments and frustrations with all of them somehow. And I, I appreciate his ability to com compartmentalize personally. Well don't you feel like that has a chance to go up a notch because, well, van Wheat, we haven't really seen him have a moment with Dylan Brooks yet.


There's gonna be no Butler in game three. So Draymond's gonna be in that mode. Like I've gotta do more. Yeah, that's a good one. Oh yeah, I think Buck's Pacers is the most inexplicable one though. I don't, it's just a bunch of nice guys on both teams and yet they hate each other and it feels like it's gonna be the anchorman brawl every time. Every time it gets heated. I'm trying to think of anything else. Maybe some Lou Dot Memphis game four. I mean Going, yeah, they were getting in his ass a little, a little bit and I saw Draymond like put up an Instagram story that was like, that's a dirty play. But I think when you go back and watch it, it's really hard to see.like, oh I'm gonna tackle job midair here. You know, he's like slipping as Pippen turns around.


Well I told Kevin Car I would being, Oh, go ahead Rob. I would challenge any human being to try to move fast enough while rotating their body to beat John Morant to a quick twitch spot in order to even try to undercut it. Like it's just not a realistic human thing to do. Even for Lou Dort, I told Saru and Kevin Clark that I had worked up a proper amount of hatred by like basically the halftime a game two for the Magic and for KCP. And they said, don't worry, we also hate kcp. 'cause he's been, I think he was like one for a hundred at that point in the series. That's a, that's the funniest thing is you getting really cranky. 'cause you're worried one in the Celtics is gonna get, you know, mortally injured during this.


Well they Hurt too. They, they, I know they hurt Tatum and It's a contact sport. Bill Binga got split open, like it was a fucking steel cage match against Roman Reigns. It's like, oh my God, he's busted wide open. Well They tagged in Gogo be, that's what happens after he comes into the game. Yeah. My dad was so upset. He, he sent me some of the funniest texts just about bat. He was like, who is this guy? He just comes in and fouls people and they, I don't think he's been logging a lot of Orlando magic. It would Be funny if after the Pacers get eliminated you give James Johnson your dad's tickets. So then it just pans up to James Johnson anytime a cel player gets targeted. Well, I mean we always talk about movie coolers, right?


Like, like Swayze and Roadhouse was the best one ever. And then we've seen people try to rip off that gimmick over and over again in movies. And James Johnson's the real life cooler it seems like. Well he's the same Elliot At this point. He, he, he's aged out of Swayze. Yeah, but He is still wearing a uniform. Right. I guess Fair. Or did he become an assistant coach and do it that way? It's practically what Rick Brunson did tonight. It's true. Yeah. So tomorrow we have Boston, Orlando, Indiana, Milwaukee, Lakers, Minnesota. Which one are you more excited about out of those three Cr Me, Lakers, Minnesota. That's been one of my favorite series so far. Okay. Yeah. Same for your rep. Yeah. I don't like, I would like to think that Pacer Bucks is gonna be fun and competitive and maybe have a spin on that series.


I just don't really see what levers the bucks can pull to really change things there. They kind of are what they are and Giannis is gonna be amazing, but how do they really make anything happen versus, we clearly know how the wolves make things happen and it's hit a fuck ton of threes make really sharp decisions with the ball and, and counter actively some of what the Lakers have going on on the other end. Yeah. So I, when I was talking to Eddie and Germany yesterday, Eddie seen, Eddie was thinking thought Giannis and Milwaukee can come back and they're gonna win the next two and this is gonna be a long series. Mm. And I just don't see it. I just think Indiana is just significantly better than them. Same. And the way that, the way that Milwaukee wins game three, Giannis has a big game, but you could almost spot him the big game.


And I still think Indiana wins. But the game that's looming that hasn't happened yet is the Indiana fucks up the game in the last four minutes game. We have not had that yet. Oh. This is your combined with, well combined with, you know, Milwaukee home for game three. Sure. The refs. That's, that's a game where you're probably gonna get some calls and I could just see this one being like, man, I can't believe we're not up 3.0 right now. How do we lose that? It feels like it could be one of those, it's Possible. They're not that bad in crunch time for the record. They Get, I know, I just think they're, they're, I don't trust Them. They're probably about average. Well, so game two, what are they up 17 and then all of a sudden it's a two point game.


Yes. Like they just have a lot of Those. They'll Do. Yeah. Yeah. Where it's just like, how did you let this team back in there? Lakers, Minnesota. What I'm watching for after going a game too is just, is Edwards gonna get involved earlier than he did? What the, there was some interesting gobert, it didn't feel this way at the game, but there was some interesting Gobert actually defending one-on-one against LeBron Luca. And I think it was LeBron, maybe it was LeBron and Luca, but they were like basically four and 13 when four for 13 when they went at him. Reeves had I think, a little more success. I felt like Minnesota did not ever want that to happen. And they were in complete panic every time.


Gobert was, you know, in isolation with those guys. But I, I'm gonna be interested to see if they just keep doing that or if there's an extra wrinkle. I didn't like what I saw from Connolly at all in game two. So what is that just hard for him to play two games in three days? What do we have with that? There was some interesting Shannon minutes in that game that I wonder like, yeah, you know, home I saw game. Could he swing it from an energy standpoint? I still rob, I, I just still feel like the Lakers are really limited. Man. That's like a team. That's a team that has five and a half guys. They have no rim protection at all and they're just putting this incredible burden, burden on LeBron and Rui to basically protect the rim and rebound. Yeah. That I don't know if sustainable, but what are you seeing?


Anything else? I mean, their Defense was pretty incredible with that group. Yeah. But yeah, the more times you have to do that repetitively and the more times you're doing it and giving Anne a chance to look at it and see how to break it down and they're gonna film sessions in between, it's gonna get harder and harder and, and there's no alternative, right? There's not the option to just play Jackson Hayes 35 minutes. You can't do it. So all they have to do is stretch out Dorian and Ruey and LeBron as much as you possibly can. And I thought LeBron was awesome on defense in particular in that game. He was great. Ultimately the Lakers, I mean, they didn't light the world on fire with their own scoring. They won that game 'cause they locked the wolfs up and they forced a team that's a little shaky in its decision making to make some characteristically wolves mistakes.


Bill, did you notice it was the loading up on Ant? 'cause he said after the game that it felt like a zone and that he has to go watch the tape. Yeah, but in game one, they were loading up on Ant and I, I didn't necessarily think it was Zone, but they were definitely cheating onto him. And he was, they, I thought they were moving the ball really well in game one. The wolves were obviously they had threes coming out at like their ears that game, but it didn't feel significantly different on TV watching it. Like, so I was kind of surprised that Ant was like, well that was a new wrinkle. I hadn't seen that yet, you know? Yeah. I didn't see it at all. And I thought he was just too tentative. And I talked to somebody involved with the team at halftime and I was like, what's up with Ant? He said his shoulders bothering him and seemed like he was tentative.


So I think he had, because He was swinging a lot. Yeah. Like he was, he was kind of like moving his arm around. There was one time he came to the table to go back in the game and he had one of those giant NormaTec kind of street jacket things on and it almost seemed like demonstrative, like, my shoulder hurts. Look, I'm wearing this giant contraption. It was just weird. I thought it was a weird game for him, but I don't see him doing that in Minnesota. I could see him coming back hard. So if you, is there any o and two team you think could come back? Rob? I don't think so. Okay. Is there, is there any, yeah. Is there anyone you Believe in? I don't think the heater coming back. Like, I mean, who else would we be talking about? But the heat, it Doesn't look very promising.


Is er, is he just like, we're never gonna see him again? Like what's, what's, what was ER's injury? I mean, what he, He's out for the year, right? E even if you had him, would you play him over Davion Mitchell, who's I think is just a better player at this point than Ro is. I, I like this feels like it should be a bigger story, this whole RO thing. Like how I don't have to talk about some of the stuff he was involved with. Sure. But this guy went from, they traded a first round pick. He was averaging 25 a game on Charlotte to now he's, he just has disappeared and nobody even talks about him during the games. It's just, I mean, I think he's in a, I think he's in a boot. He like, he's still pretty injured, I believe is In a walking boot. Yeah, He's hurt. I think he might be out for at least a round or two, but he's, But meanwhile, home prices on the Davion Peninsula are just, they're shooting up, man.


I mean, it's a really Competitive Market. So Rudy told me two nights ago that if Orlando paid a hundred million dollars this summer for Ty Jerome, he wouldn't blink. That was what he said. He said, if it got that high, fine. Yeah, at least we got our guy. Kind of how I felt about Milton Williams, Patriots CR it's like 26 a year, whatever we needed a nose tackle. But Ty, Jerome, and Ugg, are you psych Rudy Rudy's already moved mentally to the ti Jerome Suggs era for the magic. Honestly. Pretty sick. You drafted a guy with dinosaur arms. Are you excited little T-Rex arms? You know, I've, I've heard, I've heard the jokes and you know, he's, we root for underdog in New England and Boston and That's four over, right where you wanna get an underdog.


Yeah. I just wanna know how an inch became so important for the left tackle. So if he's 33 inch arms, he's fine, but 32 and and three eighths, he's not fine. We'll find out. That's how we're gonna go. I remember a guy when a guy named Jalen Brunson dropped to the second round because he wasn't tall enough, if you remember that one. All right. Any last things you're, what's the thing you're most excited about this weekend rep? I'm trying to think of like, which of these series can get, I'm, I feel a little disoriented because the series that we were loving are now also stilted. If Jimmy Butler doesn't play, if the Clippers keep like really accelerating into this series, is there anything else in this first round that we're like really psyched about? Other than I, I, we've already talked about a little bit, but I do wanna see the Wolves Counter Punch.


I do wanna see what they've got. I think that's probably the most interesting next step for me. I, I, Yeah, I thought like, I agree with Rob. Like I think Wolves Lakers is the best remaining series and the one that I feel like has the most chapters. I don't know how many games it's gonna go, but after game one I was like, holy shit, these guys have more athleticism than the Lakers. Like this is crazy. And, and now I, I'm a little bit more measured about it. I would not count out Milwaukee and Game three even though I don't think they're very good. New York, Detroit feels like it might have some legs or some and Orlando dude pulling a rock fight routine against Boston, maybe stealing a game. But yeah, this we might be the Clippers.


Denver seems like it might head it to head might be headed to being a bust, so we're not flip It after a week. What's the team you're most impressed by? It's gotta be the Clippers I think, right? Yeah. Yeah, I think the Clippers because they should probably Clippers. I would say three. Nothing. The thunder Were impressive tonight. I mean Yeah, the the thing is they were already so impressive. Yeah. You know, the Clippers, we wanted to see how they stacked up against the team like Denver so much and they've had all the answers, right? The fact that they're dictating all the terms of this series so far is really demonstrative at this stage in the playoffs. I would say out of the eight series, the only one I don't have a handle on and part of it is the Butler injury, but just the matchup is just, I don't think either team is happy with how they're playing the Golden State Houston.


It's just, it's a weird one. I don't like Houston's offense, I don't like anything Golden State's doing if Butler's not out there. I just don't think, I don't think they're good enough. And a lot of it seems to hinge on how the each game is being officiated, which I never really like. And then the Rockets just have these wild cards where it's like, all right, Jalen Green made a couple threes. So is he good now? Because I think he could go one for 11 tomorrow night, you know? Yeah. I don't trust basically anyone on their team and then what they're getting away with defending Curry, not to be a Curry defender, but the, the league's in a weird space right now because they've been really good about, you know, letting defenders be able to, letting defenders be able to basically Make contact.


Yeah. Make contact once somebody's driving to the basket or whatever. I don't think they've done a good job of cleaning up the stuff way off the ball and some of the holds and just, I, and, and conversely I don't think they've done a good job with the moving screens either, but it just seems like all the stuff off the ball is worse than ever and then the, the physicality of guys going in the basket has actually been handled really well. But yeah, I just think the Rockets are getting away with crazy shit against Steph. I don't like it. I don't Know that I've seen a minute go by in the series where someone's arm isn't around Steph's hip, just like locked in, holding him in place as he tries to cut around the court. It's just, yeah, he, he, he's always had some of that where defenders are allowed to get away with things with Steph that they wouldn't be in any other context or if he had the ball in his hands as they're saying it would be officiated completely differently.


Somehow He still busts loose as long as they have enough bodies to make their lineups work. And without Jimmy Butler, if that's gonna be more than game three, I just don't think they have the bodies to make the lineups work. You'll be happy to know that folks on Warrior's Twitter are doing collages of Ime U Doka coach teams diving at other guys' legs and making dirty plays. So there are, there are watchers on the wall making sure our refs are accountable. Wow. We're a very healthy place. I'll say too the, the Pistons Knicks game today, it was refreshing to see the game end and both teams are just furious with the officiating. Right. The back chord violation for Brunson, as you said, Chris was cited chapter and verse, well what about As far or no time went off the clock Exactly and then the guy ran the baseline on the next to the next bench inbound in the ball, which I haven't seen in 20 years.


Just something for everybody to be pissed about. It really warms the heart. All right. Well Rob, I know you're gonna be excited at what, what do you have for TV this weekend? Other than the basketball we Got the last of us going on, we got your friends and neighbors going on. There's some pretty solid TV happening right now. Yeah. Cr have you stole, stole from your neighbors at all or you haven't crossed that line yet? No, IB You're a Birkin guy. I'm worried a little bit about some of their security systems that they got here. No cameras in any of these houses in your friends and neighbors. Nobody has single one. Nanny Cam, He's got a device that turns off the wifi. Finally. Explain address this pretty soon. Hmm. Alright, thanks guys. Thanks for staying up with me.


Thanks Bill. You got it, bill. Alright, thanks to Sar, Rudy and Geha. Thanks to Van and CR and Mahoney. Don't forget about Celtic City. Eight episodes on Max right now. Ninth episode is coming on Monday night, 9:00 PM HBO O is the final episode of a series that I am really proud of. So please go check it out. New re watchable is coming Monday at as well. Ru still and I are going live on Sunday again on this podcast. On YouTube. So you can subscribe to the Bill Simmons YouTube channel.


By the way, fanduels Ringer Player Performance Double Profit Boost Token is moved to Sundays. They in the playoffs where you can claim a 30% boost on one of my favorite betting markets. I'll do a tweet that day and if You don't know about those, you gotta check 'em out. Two leg parlays. You could take an NBA player pop, combine it with a bet on that player's team to win and go nuts. So potentially like Minnesota Lakers, you could take Edwards for threes points, take Minnesota to win. And there you go. This Sunday, be sure to claim your profit Boost on FanDuel Sportsbook before you watch the action. I will see you on Sunday with slo. Enjoy the weekend. Must be 21 plus in President Select states for Kansas and affiliation with Kansas Star Casino or 18 plus in president dc. Gambling problem, call 100 GAMBLER. Visit rg help.com. Call 1 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org/chat in Connecticut. Or visit md gambling help.org in Maryland. Hope is here. Visit gambling helpline ma.org or call 803 2 7 50 50 for twenty four seven. Support Massachusetts. Or call 1 8 7 7 8 Hope ny. Or text HOPE NY in New York.