
This is Bill Simmons. I am thrilled to announce our newest YouTube channel. It's called Ringer Movies. If you're a fan of our movie coverage here at The Ringer, then you're in luck because every episode of the re watchable and the big picture now on YouTube, Like Bill said, Ringer movies will feature full episodes of my show, the big Picture, the re watchable, as well as special live episodes deep dives into movie history and a bunch of other fun stuff featuring other movie Loving Ringer Personalities, search Ringer movies on YouTube, and experience the joy. Chris Ryan impersonating Wayne Jenkins on camera.


This episode is brought to you by Michelob ULTRA. It's tip off time for NBA Cup. So I hope you're already and stocked up on Michelob ULTRA. Now, notice how I called it NBA cup and not the NBA cup, trying to get that going. We'll see how it goes. I really love how they're getting fans closer to all the action. With Michelob ULTRA Courtside, it has exclusive content and prizes like Courtside seats the trip to the Paris Global game, or to All Star Weekend and much more. Learn how you can get closer to the action. Visit Michelob ULTRA dot com slash courtside Michelob ULTRA superior access Courtside 24 25 sweepstakes. No purchase necessary open to US residents. 21 plus begins on 10. 1 24 goes through 7 1 25. Visit mic low bocher.com/courtside for free entry, entry, deadlines and official rules and void where prohibited.


This episode is brought to you by State Farm. State Farm helps you score an affordable price when you choose to bundle home and auto insurance with the personal price plan bundling home and auto. That's a pro move. Just another way you can save on your insurance needs. Talk to a State Farm agent today to learn how you can bundle and save with the personal price plan like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Prices are based on rating plans that vary by state coverage. Options are selected by the customer availability. Amount of discounts and savings and eligibility vary by state.


The Bill Simmons Podcast is brought to you by The Ringer Podcast Network, where I'm gonna have a new re watchable episode for you. Coming on Monday night, we did a Michael Douglas movie and that's the only hint I'm gonna give you for this podcast. You can watch tonight's episode on the Spotify feed. Yeah, it's a little bit of a wrinkle. We did it live on YouTube as well, but we're gonna start giving you that, that video option a little more often on Spotify. So be ready, my friends coming up. I am in a fantastic mood today because the Patriots did not fail. Drake may, they did not play. They had to buy, but I'm in a better mood. The Pats were zero and zero today, and Cousin Sal and I are to break down a fantastic rollercoaster right hand wasn't that good.


Week 14 NFL. There are a couple good games. That's about it. First our friends from Pro Jet. What a night to go live. Cousin Sal is here Sunday night. The chiefs just donk their way to 12 and one. But more importantly, Sal got Juan Soto on his Mets team. I know you wanted to talk, talk about Juan Soto.


Let's do it. I I really, I I I'm, I'm over the moon. I was gonna come undressed as Grimace or, or Jerry Seinfeld, but those costumes are in the cleaners. But I love it, man. I'm so happy. I don't care that everyone hates us now. I don't It makes it better. It really does. Who hates you? What? I don't Who started the hating thing? What do you mean? Albert OL's 2.0 ticket prices are gonna be affordable now. Good luck. Enjoy paying him $51 million at age 41. I listen, were those, were those I don't care texts that Hench sent you. It was all Kevin Hench. I love it. I'm sorry. Your Red Sox lost out. I love beating the Yankees. That's the best part is beating the We beat, we beat them.


They, they were outbid. They bid seven 60 for 16 and we beat 'em. And I know you have to go on the field and win and all that stuff, but we never beat them at anything. We're little brother like forever. So you bid seven 60 for 15, 7 65, is that what it was? 7 65 for 15. The Yankees were at seven 60 for 16. And then Boris is like, do you wanna drop the 16th year and just go 15? And the Yanks were like, that's too rich for our blood. That's crazy. We can't do that. That was it. That was it. What you get over like 600 million they at, at what point? This is like funny money at this point. It is kind of like losing a house, a bid on a house for like $120 or something real at that point.


Because everyone's like, yeah, 41 years old. Like, I'll sure I'll get 51 million at 41. He'll be the lowest played pa paid player at that point. But I just love beating the Yankees, man. It's like little, it's like Casey Affleck dating Margot Robbie and saying, take that big brother, bring that to TMZ. This is great. This is the fastest take Casey Affleck. Well, I'm Chris. You're like the little brother. I I don't We're the little brother than most little brother. You're the, you're you're like the freaking cousin. This point. I'm the cousin, but thank you. Well, you're literally the cousin. I don't even know if you're the brother. You haven't one in 38 years. Oh, stop it. Stop it. It's great. We won tonight. We won tonight. We beat the Yankees. That's all I care about.


I I was delighted because this really ruins the Yankees. Yeah. There's no plan B. This was the guy, they have this short window with Judge and Cole and this was the guy they were grooming to be like the next major guy. And now what do you do if you're the Yankees plus you lose them to the Mets, the team that for the last what really since like the mid nineties, you've been kind of kicking their butt. The mitts had a couple little tiny runs here and there, but for the most part it just felt like the Yankees were in the driver's seat and now it doesn't. Now you just have this rich owner who doesn't care. Yeah. It's just, that's it. Like here's money. Oh yeah. 800 billion. I'm still worth $88 billion.


What do I care? It's beautiful. It really is. And he left the Yankees, he played for the Yankees, let's not forget. Right. He left. It's sort of like, remember that girl another Seinfeld reference dated Newman and Jerry couldn't figure out why he broke up with her. It's like this is like, this is the same thing. Like Juan Soto didn't care about playing for the Yankees anymore. How many met Yankees crossovers have there been just for players? Yeah. Like stars. That's pretty, pretty rare, right? Oh, for stars. Yeah. Well, I mean Strawberry Good. And it it's gone st The Yankees ended up, yeah, strawberry and Gooden were the two big ones. Yeah. Yeah. We haven't really, I mean we had Sino that, that weren't, that haven't been too many the other way.


We'll take it. Beautiful. So do you feel like, you feel like you're the one A in New York now? Like for real? Yeah. This is it. Yeah. This is it. Our is John Reky is this consulate? I think he knew it was coming. 'cause again, they had all their eggs in this basket. You asked how I felt as a Red Sox fan. I never thought the Red Sox were gonna be in this. Yeah. The Red Sox are, they're the person that just goes to a bar and pretends they talk to girls all night. And it is like, I got eight numbers. Yeah. I got, I I'm gonna text a bunch of girls when I get home. It's like, yeah, you're going home alone. That's, that's But also, are there gonna be any girls available for them in the next five years? Like it's kind of set you back. Sure. They're, they, they're the Red Sox are just riding on the coattails of the four World series.


They won because they know people like me just wanted to see one before they died and we won four. Right. And they've taken advantage of that for the entire 2000 twenties. I think the thing with Soto just paying a guy like that, once they get 36, 37 and up, you just kind of know where it's gonna go. So you really, you're really spending all the money in the first 10 years of the contract. Whatcha you're gonna to, then you have your fingers crossed for the last five. Right, right. Also, it's my money. It's like, like Mooky bets where he is like this amazing athlete where he is gonna be 38 and he'll still be able to play second base and be right. Some sort of impactful player. You your guys, it'll probably move more toward the Poho Stanton. He'll get bigger. He'll get stiffer. Yeah. It's dumb Tani.


He's not Tani, but they compared it to Tani. Right. So this deal had to be based on Tani, which is dumb. He's gonna be a dh, you know, if not this year in a few years. So, yeah. But we'll take it. We stole 'em from the Yankees. That's all that matters. So what are the biggest free agent signings of your lifetime? Because I, I'm old enough to remember and you are too, when they got George Foster from the Reds. Oh yeah. Big. And it was, was huge. It was one of the big free agent signings of the seventies. And he was awesome on the Reds. He was basically like nationally Jim Rice. And then he went to the Mets And it just did not go well. Nothing. I remember the program, the two Georges George Foster and the manager. George Stein. George Bamberger, And it was Foster and Kingman and they were all, they were both hit and miss back and forth.


But like, I, I don't even know. Like I, I've gotten Yeah, Bobby Bonilla was a big one. Bonilla was Big Piazza still paying that one. Piazza. Yeah. We're still, yeah. I can't even think. I was like, I got excited about Saberhagen and Viola and stuff like that, but Right. We'll take it man. We'll take it. It's pretty, pretty cool to have a guy hitting, what is he, he's 20, he's be 26 next year. You just get this guy, he, he could be se you could be in your seventies. He'll still be on the team. Yeah. Think about it that way. That side. But think about Drake. Ba I'm like, Drake May's gonna take me to my seventies with a smile on my face. I feel I'm not gonna live that long. And this is like me buying a turtle. You know, turtles last like 90 years.


It's like, all right turtle, you're gonna be on your own a few years, but I'll enjoy you in the meantime. What is the reaction with all the Met on the Mets fan texts? Is it like euphoria or is it like cautious euphoria? No, I think right now it's euphoria. I honestly, the Yankee th the Yankee part of it is just so big. You or our buddy Gus is on there and it's just a a he had a funny, a really funny thing he said, I'm gonna read it about his dad. He said, my dad says the four best words in English language are Mets win Yankees lose. That's true. That is, I don't even know if that's English. It's the only two teams I hate are the Yankees and the Lakers. And it's been a rough weekend for both of them. The LeBron trade rumors, the whispers have started and they look like a met winning tonight against poor them.


But I don I'm always happy when those two teams don't, aren't doing well. Well, when you're in your seventies, I think the chiefs will still be winning stupid games. My, my moms will be 41. Collinsworth will have a walker and they'll just be like, all right. Hey, back then Fuo hit both uprights and somehow the crossbar and it somehow went through bank. I can't believe how many uprights do they have at our head? Come on Mike. I just, unbelievable. I just wanna kiss Patrick Mahomes neck. That's all. I love all these quarterbacks. I had the, I don why, why do we even get, why don't we Even when it bonked off and then you wait to see if it falls like in the end zones.


Yeah, it's in, it's in. Like what, what do we even get excited about? Well, the field goal, the guy made earlier in the game from like 49 or 50. Yeah. It went through and then ricocheted backwards. So it kind of landed in the end zone, which I hadn't seen very often either. That guy did not inspire a lot of confidence. But I think Mascot was even fool. Yeah. There were multiple chances to hedge all the chiefs parlays and teasers you had if you had them. I know I had a few halftime 13. Nothing Perfect time. 'cause as Collinsworth was saying, during that game, it was going, they, the chargers were weirdly in it. They had missed a big long pass for a touchdown And it felt like it was pretty toe to toe.


The score wasn't reflective. Yeah. Get to the third quarter charger score twice in a row, they have the lead And it's the perfect time for the hedge. And I looked at it And it was Chargers, I think plus two and a half. So it was basically like, if the chiefs win by a field goal, you could still win this Chargers bet. And I was just like, you know, the Chiefs win this every time. Why am I hedging with it? Why, why am I nervous that the chiefs, this will be the time they blow it, I'm just gonna ride the chiefs. And that turned out to be the move. Do you think they, in the beginning of the year, got together and Andy Ree is like, this is boring guys, and let's, let's try this. 31, 30 one's a number. Let's never score 31 points. I think they've scored 30 twice.


And let's see if we can win all the games or all. But one of the games and, and because I mean really that third and seven play, they really are challenging themselves, right? If they don't get a first down, they're kicking a field goal. And then the ch and the chargers could go right down and he made it look so easy. And then just dumping it off to Kelsey makes the defender miss. And then hitting the goal post. It's like your uncle playing you in pool and like say, I'm gonna call a bang shot on every ball. Like, they're just just screwing with you the whole time. They never look comfortable. Yeah. They miss when they, they have no explosive plays whatsoever anymore. Right. And when they, when they try to run one, he'll miss the guy by like 10 yards. Or it'll be like, his arm will get hit as he throwing it.


Or it'll be like that Hopkins play where Hopkins catches it and he gets stripped, knocked out. Yep. They just have, they have nothing. They'll run even like this last drive when it seemed like they would've momentum and then they'll just run the line. The guy will fall down. You, you never feel comfortable play to play. I was watching Mahome today, like trying to remember like, Hey, are you gonna do Mahome stuff? I can barely remember what it looks like. And then he had two of them on the final drive. But we just watched Josh Allen the fucking Superman cape on crazy in the earlier game. And it was, I didn't wanna go there mentally because I know it's reactive and it's, but I, I was thinking like shit, the way Josh Allen played versus the way I'm watching Mahomes play now, it just seems like Allen's better this season.


I'm not saying he's better career. I'm not saying he's past him, but just this season it seems like he's better. And then Mahomes did like five things And it was like, no, no, I'm still here. Well, lemme ask you this. You start a team as it Josh Allen or Mahomes and, and I guess I'm asking are Mahomes best years behind him? Right? Because that's a different way of asking it. And I'm not sure IIII think maybe he has Eclipse. I you can't say he is a better player because Mahomes has all the hardware. But if you're starting a team, what are you doing? You, what are you, you're setting up a computer? No, I have two iPads going because I was, oh my God, you were gonna ask me this? Oh, all right. So as always, I'm gonna bring a Boston team into this because Good. You know, there's so many chiefs, pats parallels Bruins, I hope.


And I was, and I was trying to remember if Brady had hit a point where it was like, eh, what's going on? And it happened, it was way later in his crib. It was the 2013 Pats who finished 12 and four. And it was the season very similar to this chief season. But Brady, that year was only 25 touchdowns. 11 interceptions threw for 43, 43 yards. The whole year was, it was the year Gronk was hurt, Hernandez was gone. The two receivers were Edelman and Am Amendola. The two running backs were Stefan, Ridley and Lagar Bun. Like they, they just didn't have anybody. And it led to this whole Brady conversation of what is this Manning was lighting up for Denver. It's like, what is Brady?


Is it over? What, what do we need to find? Think about the future. And it was just his supporting cast wasn't very good. And I think that's the case with Mahome this year. Like who are his good offensive weapons? Kelsey was gone in that game for two hours. I forgot he was in the game. Yeah, Hopkins is okay. Pacheco iss. Okay. Were these okay? They just, I they don't have a single guy. You watch these other teams, you know, like you watch the, that Bill's Rams game like that Nku and Cooper Cup and Shaki, like all those guys are way better than him and the chiefs have. But what about what you all right, so compare him to Josh Allen. You think he's got a ton of a, a great supporting cast. Like those names are interchangeable.


I think with the Shaki, you know, the Shaki and everything, I think his running backs are better. Shaki is got a ma, I'd rather have a Mark Cooper than Hopkins. Yeah, yeah. Tight ends Maybe. Maybe Kelsey in a big game, but when ADE's out there, I'm not sure it's that much of a drop off. Yeah. I guess for what you're saying, the difference is Alan has these holy shit. Yeah. You know, he had five of them in the game today and Mahomes, the holy shit plays seemed to be these third and sevens that bring drives keep a drive going versus like the Allen type of play. Right. It's like, oh my God, he just ran for 38 yards. Yeah. We get excited for Kelsey lumbering for eight yards after Yeah.


You know, on third and seven. Right. Whereas Allen is just zipping it in between two defenders and, and and forget about what he does with his legs. It's insane. He sent a fa a fantasy record. Right. 58 points or something. Oh yeah. He was lunatic. I was in that guillotine league I'm in. We needed Allen to have a bad game. As soon as the Rams took a big lead, we were like, this is gonna go terribly. And then he had an awesome game. I think the other difference with them, at least this season is Mahomes has just taken more hits. Like they had that Collinsworth just pointed out the whole game. They had that stat at one point he'd been back to pass 40 times, he got hit 16. Right. It just seems like physically there's a toll he's taking. Whereas Alan just seems superhuman at all times.


Even if he's getting hit a couple times in a game, I still feel like he's fine. It still feels like he's bigger than almost everyone he's playing against. Yeah, I know Mahomes had a couple once today Herbert did too. I thought that was a really, really physical playoff kind of game. I thought the Chargers were the big winner of the game. Even though they lost like that game made me think that team in January I actually think could go toe to toe with some a FC teams. That defense is excellent I think for most of the games they play. And you're right, they're physical and like Collinsworth said it when they were down six, nothing Harbaugh's like, I don't wanna say I don, I don't wanna say Harbaugh's kind of got him where he wants, but this is the kind of game you wanna play. Yeah. But yep, he called that anytime the chiefs aren't scoring 40, which seems like forever now you're in good shape.


Well and that and they didn't have Dobbins. And they didn't have McConkey and I thought when McConkey got scratched, which I didn't even know when we did like million dollar picks on Thursday, figured McConkey was gonna play. They scratched him. And after watching what we watched from Quentin Johnston this season, Palmer's been hit or miss. It's like how are they gonna move the ball? They basically got two drives where they just bully, balled the chiefs down the field, which was unusual. Then the chief kind of figure out, we've gotta figure something out with the we got, he's gonna try to play. That's a new thing. Like yeah he's gonna try to play. It's like when you're, when your kid the night before school's like, I'm not feeling well, but I'm gonna try to go to school. It's like, nah, that's a no no way.


Just email the teacher. You're not doing it. 10-year-old staying home. We got 'em all day. Chiefs now 12 and one. They quenched their division. It looks like it's, it's probably the one seed for them now. Yeah. There's only four games left. The Steelers I would say maybe have a chance 'cause they, they play them but don't the chiefs at Steelers play on Christmas. They play ons Christmas and that's a Wednesday, right? Yeah. Like why, how what? Really? This took gonna be three days rest for everybody if they play on a Saturday and then a Wednesday. Oh, Saturday and Wednesday. Okay.


Alright. See you would say maybe the Steelers, if they beat them and then the Chiefs lost, won more and the Steelers ran the slate. But I'm not seeing it. Nah, I it feels like this. They're gonna win up the one seed win. Yeah. Come on. Clanking it off the post it's ridiculous team. So then that two seed goes between Buffalo and Pittsburgh who were both 10 and three. And I'm gonna say this, so yeah, I officially think Pittsburgh's the best team in the A ffc. Come on. You can't after I do after Jamis game, you can't claim that can do. No, I think they're the best team. I feel the safest about them. If you start nitpicking all these a FC teams really can't, I feel the most comfortable with Pittsburgh great defense.


I think their defense can make plays, create turnovers, create pressure. They can cover. I just, I just like them. They can run the ball. They always seem to get like two or three 30 to 40 yard plays per game or a pass interference or something. They have unbelievable special teams. They have the best field goal kicker in the conference. They're gonna have home court, home field advantage for at least the first two rounds. And they have an awesome coach. And I just think, I, I think right now, and I'll, I'll feel free to change my mind in two weeks, but right now I feel the best about them all the a FC teams, Buffalo's defense. You saw today, this chief's team can't get to 20 points. I think if the Steelers played the Chiefs right now with what we're watching from the Chiefs and that the Steelers would beat them, I think it's unfair to judge the Bills defense.


I think that was, that was gonna happen. And by the way, I had my best bet on The Ringer pregame show was the Rams over two and a half touchdowns. I didn't think score. I was waiting, I was waiting for you to bring this up. I didn't think score you're red hot score six. But the point of this is of course I'm red hot and I'm, I'm wiping the mat with those guys. Red hot, too red. We're two red hot guys. I love that we're red hot, but, but we, I saw it coming. The bills defense flying east to west, it was gonna have to let up eventually. Right, right. And it makes sense. Tore It was very soft. It was a very soft zone that Stafford threw against for three hours. But I don't wanna judge that. Just like, I'm not gonna judge how great the Steelers defense was against Jamis. I know they're very good in general. I'm judging the three months.


I I'm just been really impressed by, I thought they should have won the Col game. Yeah, right. That Browns Thursday game, they had the lead with three minutes left and you know, that was stupid. I I just think they've been the most impressively consistent team in the a FC this year. With that said, I'd have to take a big gulp before I went against Mahomes in a playoff game, especially if it was in Kansas City. But I don't know, I, I, Pittsburgh, week after week, people keep looking for reasons not to. Even today Pickens got scratched. It's like, oh my God, the blind toward Cleveland. Very good. You know, and it's like, they're fine. They're gonna make plays. They're very good. They have 74 points fewer than the bills and they've allowed 30 points less.


So I I I that's the team that would scare me if I was a a Steeler. It's like, I don't know if you're going to Buffalo, that's a mess. I think it's rock, paper, scissors. 'cause the chiefs can't get explosive plays. So if they played Buffalo, that's actually bad if you're the Chiefs, right? Yeah. Because the way to beat the Chiefs is to basically move the bottom. I think the Steelers could get explosive plays on the bills. I think they would beat the bills, but I think the bills the way they're set up right now would probably beat the, the Chiefs. Yeah. And then maybe the Chiefs would beat the Steelers because it would be an 18 to 16 type game, which they specialize in. So maybe that's what it is. Maybe that's our answer. Maybe that's one thing the bill showed em is that they can come back, right?


Like I, I, I think I, we figured that anyway, but that was, that was a game that they really could have just walked off and be like, all right, we'll lose this by 21. But they were in it till the very end.


This episode is brought to you by SimpliSafe. When it comes to the safety of me and my family, there's only one home security system I trust and that's SimpliSafe. I love having it in my home. Helps protect every inch of it inside and out. And if you wanna try it for yourself right now, perfect time to get it. There's an amazing Black Friday sale going on for my listeners. I'm talking 50% off here. Everybody also reasons to have SimpliSafe holiday season's coming. Talk about this every year in the BS pod. Guess what happens during holiday season? People start kind of casing your house a little bit on Wednesdays before Thanksgiving. Are they home? Did they go away? Oh wait, there's no cars in the driveway anymore. I move it in Christmas packages. Maybe they're gonna try to steal those. Well they won't if you have SimpliSafe because you're gonna be guarded against the porch Pilots. SimpliSafe helps to stop crime before it happens. Professional monitoring agents that can see, speak to and deter intruders and if someone's lurking around or acting suspiciously, they can and will take action. So check out SimpliSafe today, keep your home, your family, and your peace of mind protected. And remember, a massive Black Friday sale is being extended by SimpliSafe for my listeners This week only. You can take off 50% off any new system with a select professional monitoring plan. It's your last chance to claim the best offer of the year. So don't wait. Head to SimpliSafe dot com slash bs to claim your discount and make sure your home is safe this season. Once again, SimpliSafe dot com slash bs. SimpliSafe two is SimpliSafe com slash bs. There's s no safe like SimpliSafe.


This episode is brought to by Uber Eats it's football season and Uber Eats is dropping undefeated deals on all your game day favorites. This week score a free medium, two topping Domino's Pizza with minimum purchase only on Uber Eats. And if you're craving even more, we've got you covered with game day deals on pizza, burgers, tacos and more order Uber Eats now for game day terms, taxes and fees apply the app for details.


Well let's switch topics to that because that was the game of the season so far. I had some clinching questions. So the first clinching question was, did Bill's Rams Clinch Game of the Seasons so far? Yeah, I had my attention the whole time. I think so What, what other candidates? I'm trying to think what else is, there were some good ones over the first third there. Even the week one that Baltimore KC game was really good. There's been some good ones, but this one, Cowboys Giants. Thanksgiving was the highest rated. I don't, was it the best? I don't know. I don't know. I didn't have that one. There's been some, a couple good Lions games. Lions Packers on Thursday was good. Yeah, yeah, yeah. What was cool about this one was the Rams took that big lead And it was not a turn off the channel game.


It was like, all right, Josh will get this back. Right? Josh will bring them back into this. They had 54 plays and scored 42 points. What was that? That stat Hench set us, they scored six touchdown was zero turnovers the first team and 255 to lose. It's never been done. Yeah, exactly. 2 65 I think it was. Yep. Yeah. Yeah. They they got a pretty good crowd too. It was good. It was fun all around. I don't know that, you know, switch it to the Rams for a second. I don't think I'm, is this too much to say? I don't know if I've ever seen a receiver like pka Nku like as a possession receiver. He is phenomenal and you could miss by like three or four yards and he is gonna catch it and he is gonna protect himself and all that.


All that good stuff. And they use him as a running back and he's like one of the best black and receivers in the league. Right. And just seems like he can get open whenever he wants. He's kind of like the 2.0 version of Deebo. Like whatever we thought Deebo was. Yeah, he's he's a better version of it. He's finally healthy. Remarkable catches. Yeah. Oh yeah. Like And it seems like now that those two guys are healthy, anytime he had like third and seven, third and nine, third and five and they put those two guys on the same side and you didn't know if they were gonna like run little pick plays for each other or what? It just felt like one of them was getting open. Absolutely. Yeah. Like I said, it was a soft zone and, and everything else, but he's great. Rams had 457 yards and nine drives.


They were 11 for 15 on third down. And it seemed like if the bills had scored fast enough with the three timeouts, somehow they had a chance to possibly steal the game leading to one of the weirdest calls of the season where they do qb sneak on first down, they don't get it and they call timeout, which me immediately made it impossible for them to just kick off and get the stops. Which Brady, who was fantastic today for him, I thought he was really good, really good. But Brady called it out even before the first down. He is like, you don't want a QB sneaker 'cause if you don't get it then you, you you're gonna burn too much clock or use the time out that you have time. Like he spelled out everything that was about to happen then it happened.


But they just say brain, if you use one time out in that situation, you might as well use all three because then you're just relying on getting the onside kick versus Right. Okay. If we don't get the onside kick, we could stop the clock three times. I I didn't understand that at all. They would've been better off sneaking up to the line of scrimmage and running a second downplay and letting the clock go to 45. So that was where it was a miracle. They had three time outs in the first place and that was the hard part and they blew it. Right. Yeah. The play probably has to be like a rollout. Yeah. Where he is either gonna run it or pass quick or throw it out of bounds or like a shotgun quick pass like the Malcolm Butler play. Something like that. But Right. The thing you can't do is to keep you sneak and then you can't then also call timeout. No and ruin your chance.


I'm always amazed that these coaches blow the basic like video game stuff. This was like a pretty basic why is is a video 1.0 video game thing. Like I was, I like math and I was good in math, but I do think it is the video games, but for God's sakes, you, you should be able that that, that was easy to me. Like that jumped out right away. How does McDermott not see that, do you think? Because we're just wa because of the YouTube multi-view and some of this other stuff and we're just watching all these games and we're seeing so many situations we're getting in our 10,000 hours for game management now I feel like I'm at the peak of my powers. Yeah, sure. I'm, I watch these games, I'm just like, oh yeah, clearly you, you should never keep you sneak here. I don't. But maybe when you're on the field and it's going so fast and there's 90 things you're worrying about, sometimes you lose like a sense of just what the most normal thing to do would be.


Which we do not sneak it there. I don't know. But also, are they not watching enough situational things? I, I feel like we're putting ourselves on a pedestal here, but the guys that are getting to the facility, 34 30 in the morning, they're just watching tape of the opponent and not worried about what, what's gonna happen at the end of games and how they should, you know, use their timeouts and timing and stuff. I don't think a lot of this stuff is that hard. No, it's like if you have the three timeouts and there's under two minutes left and it's a two score game and you can somehow score a touchdown and keep your three timeouts, that's the goal. You wanna be able to kick off and try to get a stop and hopefully get the ball back for a field goal would be the ideal.


Which they almost pulled off. I have friends that text me barely got through junior college and, and know the ins and outs of all these. It was like this, this can't be hard stuff ultimately for the bills not a big deal because they're gonna be the two seated three seed. They've already clenched the AFC a week ago. Right. There's no chance they could follow the four seed. They weren't gonna catch the chiefs probably anyway. And Josh I think probably clinched the MVP once and for all today. Yeah. The odds. The odds, let's see. It was the rare loss that helped clin somebody. Meanwhile Lamar didn't even play and I don't even know who else would be in the mix. Minus four 50 for Alan. Well Saquon was second last week, but he's, he's gone up to plus five 50.


That's not happening. Sorry. Saquon. Tom Brady was good. And I think, you know, I I, there were only three games and I just, I put the three on the one TV together 'cause I wanted to watch basketball, sorry on the other ones. And I, I gave Brady the audio and I really listened like for the three hours and he's changed a couple things that I thought were really important. Like he's, he's definitely, it feels like you're hanging out with him a little bit more. Yeah. He's reacting to what he is seeing. He's not doing like, oh I have prep on this situation and now I'm gonna do my prep. Doesn't feel like he's overproduced. But what we got, and I don't know if it was a case of like we just had two awesome quarterbacks and when it's awesome quarterbacks he can put himself in the mind of the quarterback, but he was pointing out like, oh here's what, and Burkhart was doing a good job of saying, Hey, when they're, when they're using all those words at the line, what does that mean?


And then Brady's like, well here's what that means and that's like, that's exactly what I want from him. Right. And then he was explaining like how to, how they're using the receivers, how they were exploiting certain things, the game management stuff. He was all over. I thought he was excellent. I thought it helped that he had his Huey Brown moment. He just got went horse. He went horse for a little bit. Yeah, he did. And and it felt like he was in the game. Like it all that stuff. He said he did the previous weeks. No, he was in the game and he was liking it and he was, he was doing it. He was inside of it. So it's, and like KU had that incredible catch when he kept his feet in and Brady got so excited it got me excited 'cause I'm like, this guy's the best quarterback ever. If he's that excited about that catch. That must've been an awesome catch. So anyway, I think the Brady thing, it started out as Rocky as you would've thought.


I thought it was getting worse like around week seven, week eight, which nine, which we talked about on the pod and Thanksgiving was a little better. And I thought today was really encouraging. I really feel like he's getting the hang of it. Yeah. All he needs is the best game of the year every week and two off he'll quarterbacks, that's it. If he had Cooper rush against Drew Locke, I wonder would've, it would've been that great. Did the NFC West clinch division, you've changed your mind on the most status today because we've had had another shift at the top. Seattle's now eight and five in the driver's seat and they were dead two weeks ago. Yeah. I think the good news is we're not gonna change our minds again.


Right. We've changed it nine times. We'll be good for December. Yeah. And they're only minus 1 35. Well, 'cause I guess the Rams are right there plus one 60. But the Cardinals have fallen off at 13 to one now I'm seeing on Fandel. But they're done. They lost to Seattle twice and they're too back. Like it's a wrap. That's it. That's it. So it's just the Rams in Seattle for the division and I, I think Seattle showed some toughness. You know, that's one of the narratives like I feel like we drive some of these narratives and whatever our top three or four narratives are going into Monday, we should scrap all of them and start over. One of them was gonna be like, oh, Kenneth Wa without Kenneth Walker, they're not gonna be as tough as Arizona. Yeah. They were much tougher on both sides of the ball. Yeah, they ran the ball. There are two running backs that weren't Kenneth Walker 29 for 1 72 sharp Gino no turnovers.


And they got the middle of their defensive lineback. My big fear with them was that they couldn't block, but they actually seemed like they blocked a little bit better today. We have a lot of future stuff with Seattle. We do. That was, I think the one I had. I had division bets with them. I had over bets with them, make the playoff bets, all kinds of things that look pretty bleak a couple weeks ago. Now we look at them, I actually think they might be good. I don't know if they're on the Detroit Green Bay, maybe even Minnesota, Philly level, maybe they're probably fifth in that group. But yeah, they have, they have a bunch of good players on both sides of the ball and they, when Gino's not making any mistakes, you watch 'em and you go, all right, I get this.


So I think they're gonna be, there are three seed right now. They would, they would be playing Green Bay and the three six. I like it. Two solid teams. It's nice game's, a really good first round matchup. I do think there's a team out there that, not that we owe an apology for, but it's time we give 'em the recognition. You mentioned it briefly, the the the Vikings. Oh today was, they're good. Yeah, today was great. Yeah. It's time. It's time. We have to do it. Wait hook, can we hold it for one second? Good. I just wanna rip through the NFC West quick. Okay, cut. Yes, cut. Sorry. Arizona's six and seven, they're done. Niners are six and seven.


Not totally done. You also have Washington at eight and five with the last wild card spot that who the hell knows what's gonna put them. They have New Orleans on the road this week. Home Philly, home Atlanta at Dallas. I would assume that gets them to at least 10 wins, which would knock out a couple of these teams. Right. But Seattle has Green Bay Home, Minnesota Home, Chicago on the road, Rams on the road. And then the Rams have San Francisco and the Jets. Jets on the road home, zona home Seattle. So it might come down to that Ram Seattle game. Yeah, yeah. And that's what we thought. I mean I was like, this is the only division that's gonna come down to week 18.


Now, I'm not even sure if we get that, but at San Francisco is a, now the 49 ERs are kind of back, not maybe in the mix, but they're gonna be spoiler I think if not next week somewhere in the road. That was the one I, so that was the bet I lost this week. I did well this week and that was the one. And I, and I didn't just lose it. It was an annihilation. They look good, but the bears also look bad. There's no such thing as the new coach, but apparently, but no, I don't know what to believe with the Niners is that the bears were just bad or the niners back. Like I, I honestly don't know. And I had that game on for three hours. I don't know either. I mean, you see that stat in the second quarter or close to half?


It's 310 to two. Yeah. And yeah, I think you're right. I think that means that there's no new coach energy. There's no new coach. It's dead. Two yards. Come on. We had the Jets didn't cover with the new coach and they didn't cover Yeah, the Clogger covered. Right. So yeah, that's it. And what did San Francisco, they're like, that was another narrative that we could throw out. Like they're, they're done, they have too many injuries. And then, you know, everybody bid $37 on Isaac Godo and he, he got them into the playoffs in fantasy and he took over today and now he's, there's one, there's one Arizona question that we have to ask. 'cause Kyler sucked again today. He had two terrible picks and that game against Seattle a couple weeks ago, he had that awful play on fourth of one.


That basically was the swing that blew the game for them. I Don and Harrison, considering he is the fourth pick in the draft. Yeah, I can't say he's been jumping off my TV though. Arizona was six and four three weeks ago and we were feeling good about them and I, I like them. I like how they're playing and now, now I'm wondering like, are these, what are these last four weeks gonna mean for Kyler and is this the guy that's gonna be the QB for them because, And it, they don't have a huge fan base. They're not gonna be leading first take tomorrow. Yeah. Nobody really cares. But you know, thi this is been a recurring thing with Kyler where it feels like he is, can keep you around, but he is not quite good enough. He can do the garbage time TTY at the end of the game.


That makes it seem like the game was closer than it was. But I just, we have a lot of evidence now that you might not be able to trust him against a good defense. Yeah. They don't finish drives. They don't, you know, they're just still some coaches in the division that they never beat or barely beat and yeah, like you said, they were winning despite the fact that Harrison wasn't having a great year. I think he probably has five or six touchdowns, but you know. Yeah, you, you'll wait, you were expecting him to go for like six for 150 most games and not that at all. Now they've lost three in a row, right? Yeah. Well Bowers turned out to be the receiver from the draft. Yeah. All right. Your guys Sam Donald. So 347 yards five tds today.


He's had clutch games over and over again last week. Brought them down to win it today. Like that, that Falcons game was a little closer, so I'm sure you watched it too. Like Sure, I know the score and blow up. But yeah, I was nervous about the Falcons for two hours in that game and Donald was just winging it. Downfield he really has energy with, with Jefferson and Addison. And Addison about three touchdowns. Craziness. So he has almost 3,300 yards Donald, 28 touchdowns and 10 picks. And if they earn in round one, he'll probably be like a four plus point favorite. He is on a one year deal, they have JJ McCarthy.


I'd be really hesitant not to bring him back. I think they have to. I, this is, this, today was the first day where I was like, wow, they might have actually found their QB and maybe they should think about trading JJ McCarthy. It's interesting. There aren't too many out there like him. And we we're gonna talk about some shitty franchises probably a little later. Yeah. And this is, this is the way to rebound. Like you have to kind of strike gold with a guy like this who's getting 10 million a year. And you could do that for a couple seasons. Like Apple Baker Mayfield. Yeah. Gino on a smaller scale. But I would say Donald has a higher upside than both of them because of the pedigree he had once upon a time. I think so too. I I think the Yankees should offer him 650 million for 15 for sure.


If you ask me. Well, so six teams need a quarterback next year. Vegas, the Giants, Titans, saints, maybe the Seahawks that they can't agree to a deal with Gino and maybe the Niners if they can't figure out a Brock Purdy extension. And I was looking at those teams and it's like, if you're Vegas and you could get Sam Darn, and you draft Travis Hunter and you have the money to spend, like, probably probably doing that. Like this guy, the the Niners really liked him. The Vikings seemed like they love him. And then if I'm the Vikings, I don't know, I'd have to really think about this one.


He's only 27. It's not like he's Kirk Cousins, he's not 37, like heading into his late thirties. Like this is, he's entering the prime of his career older. He's playing great Nicks, right? Yeah. And he, and he has real chemistry with the receivers. They're loaded offensively, but he's won them a few games now, you know? Yes. And you said 28 and 10, what, what he have 3,300 yards. Like this is Yeah. I, I don't know. They're, he's not the reason they're 11 and two, but you know, you get rid of them, you know, get used to being seven and six with the new guy, whoever. It's Right. I think he's a, I think it's easy at this point, honestly. Yeah. If you're like, if you're just watching them on Red Zone and you're just seeing the highlights, you've probably seen some of the long passes.


The the thing that jumps out to me is like, they're really nice, long, beautiful on Target passes. Like he really, and he had, he got lucky today with the first touchdown he had. He just, he, his arm kind of got touched. So it was an underthrown and Addison made a great play. But when you have two weapons like that, you want a guy who's like not afraid to wing it, downfield and who has the confidence to, and if he makes some mistake is gonna come back. I think that's been the thing that's been the most impressive with him. Yeah. It gets him out trouble. I we're at the point, if I was a Jets fan, I'd actually be like a legitimately bummed out about it. The good news is there's like a hundred things that could people about, out about i's three teams. I listen, I get it. He's been on three teams since.


But I was like, oh my God, like really? This guy's like this good. Yeah, because I remember the, in the seventies when we lo we Plunkett was the number one pick for the Pats and he just got the shit kicked out of him. They end up like trading him. He gets waved, then he ends up in the Raiders in the Super Bowl. And our quarterbacks were terrible when I was a kid. And then Plunketts like winning the Super Bowl And it, and it was kind of like, wait, what's going on? We had this guy. It's really frustrating, but Well, I mean, yeah, on a different scale. It's like the Bears, what they did for years with Mahomes. Like yeah, we de we coulda had this guy. Right? I know people say they could have had him, but we were interested and we, we passed on them. So yeah, there's a million what ifs like that, but know the Jets for sure are kicking themselves.


It's tough with these late bloomer reclamation guys. 'cause you know that, that case, kingdom year we were doing pods And it was legitimate. Like he was moving the ball and making plays. But you know, physically he wasn't a big guy. He didn't have like a can in arm. And there was you, you knew there was some smoke and mirrors in it as it was happening, but they were winning with him so you couldn't say much. Donald's like, kind of checks all the boxes for, you know, I don't think he would be like a top seven quarterback, but he, he has the size, he has the arm, he has the confidence he could move around. He had one touchdown that he created today where he like somehow did this Jedi fucking move to get out of it. It seemed like he was gonna get sacked and bought time and just winged it down and the touchdown.


Like, I, I'm really impressed and my buddy who's a bikes fan, like loves him. Yeah. He's just like, like, just loved Arnold. Like I don't want him to go. Yeah. If, I mean, and if you ranked the, if let's say we were in the playoffs now you ranked the quarterbacks, he wouldn't be at the bottom. He wouldn't be at the bottom of the list. And, and for teams that didn't make the playoffs, like Tua, I'd have him over Tua right now. You know, I'd have him, that's Yeah, no question. Some of these other teams, I'm not, you know, I, I don't know. I just trust him more. Do you think he's playing better than love? I think it's close. I feel like we both, I think he's, we, you know, we did a weird thing right? With this division. Like we have so much in stock.


We, we've ranked them one through four in the beginning of the year and we have all that stuff going on. And then we have, oh, lions are playing great and then we're like, whoa. The Lion's defense is decimated and then they hold the Packers to under 300 yards. Yeah. Another narrative that went south. But I think we were raising the stock of Jordan Love and the Packers when we probably should have been looking at the Vikings, right? Like at this point, I think I'd be more surprised if the Packers pulled off and upset in the playoffs than if the Vikings did. Well the thing with them, they, they won a couple stupid games early on, right? Like that. Yeah. A lot of that Jets game. That Jets game in London and week five when, and the Jets felt like the Jets were gonna win the game and they didn't, they lost to Detroit the Rams twice in a row.


They had that weird stretch where they beat Indie and the Jags in Tennessee all in a row. And it's like, what is this? They barely beat the Bears in a game that it felt like the Bears should have won then last week against Arizona. Arizona had the game. It was 19 to six. It felt like it was over. Yeah. This was a real statement game for them. And it was also a statement for Atlanta because I don't know how long, I, I just can't imagine they could keep playing cousins. Yeah. That was a dumb pick by me Atlanta this week. I, he has eight interceptions in the last four games and I, I don't know, like why did they draft Pennix? Like it's a genius pick if you start 'em, but otherwise it's a huge waste. Unless there's something like, we don't know, like a Trey Lance situation.


Like no, he's just bad behind the scenes, you know, trust us. He is not ready because we talked, we talked about this last week, right? Like did they, they had that six weeks after they signed him, right? In March. Yeah. Did they know something from those six weeks because of zero TDS in the last four weeks? Six picks in the last two weeks and two awful, awful, awful picks today. I mean the, the problem with him is they're not just interceptions, they're horrible. They're like suck the life out of the team. Bad place and like com him compared to Donald, it was no contest. If you said which, which one of these guys got a hundred million guaranteed last year to somebody who just woke up from a coma, they would've thought it was Donald.


Oh yeah. So a lot of big contracts for cousins. Yeah. I don't know how he does it. I really don't. And if, if it's, you know, I haven't seen the metrics. If it did he, did he surpass 36 miles an hour? Because that was the big one. That's when the explode. I thought. Think he had a couple that got into the low forties today. Oh, that's good. I dunno. Alright. Do you, there's this narrative about how the Giants actually probably need Sam Donald the most. Hmm. But they can't sign him 'cause he was on the Jets and they'd be bringing him back to Giant Stadium. Interesting. I think that's stupid. But I, I also can't speak for the, the despair of Giants of Jets fans these days. But to get somebody that was a Jets cast off like mentally is some sort of invisible hump for them, apparently.


Well, unless he thrives with the Giants. Isn't that the best medicine? Right. There's a little bit of what I'm feeling with Juan Soto right now with the Yankees, but Oh, I need to bring back to Juan. Think that would be great. Oh, I'm sorry. Just a I would go Dome team if I was Sam. Yeah. Yeah. It does seem like he's, he's better there. And the Giants. The Giants. I don't know if you watch that game, but I, I tried not to. Well, when they're driving to win, like, you know, the front office is like, oh don't, what are you doing Drew Lock just to get tripped up here or something. Like that's the, that's the red zone. I wanna see like the owner's box when the two team two win team is driving and you know, you know, they don't, the players don't tank because they can't, they'll get killed.


But, you know, the front office is like, we gotta stay at two wins. We have to get that top pick. We'll figure out who it is. Then I made a business decision to not watch that game or Jags Titans and concentrate on all the other ones. And one of the games switched over to, to Giant Saints. Right. As it like that big Drew Lock drive at the end. Yeah. A big long scramble. Turn your head. No, I actually, I, I realized that I should have actually been more focused on it because if the Giants won, the paths would've gotten, they would've been the number two pick in the draft basically. Unless they win again. Right. And so all of a sudden I'm rooting for the Giants and then of course they, they Giants stood up at the end and that was, that was it.


So Pats are at the number three spot right now. Yeah. Raiders and Raiders and Giants are the top two. Is that right? Yeah. So Tampa has, Tampa is up by a game now. I like it in the NFC South a bit that you made it. I did not, but they have Chargers next week at LA at Dallas home for Carolina in a game that's suddenly tough. 'cause I guess Carolina's just gonna be frisky every game now and then New Orleans at home to end it with Derek Carr probably not playing. So I think Good Bet was reckless today. He's he, yeah, but he was reckless. He really was. I mean the Raiders can't help themselves and, and, and just blow it towards the end.


But you know, they're like, you wanna turn the ball over three times? We got you, we got you, we got your back bucks 28 13 before you looked up Well and then Aid O'Connell left, right? The Ridler came in Desmond. Yeah, he's back. So the Steelers lin, the, a FFC North maybe. I think if they split the one of the next two games, they probably have it. They lead the NFL and takeaways and, and the most interesting thing to me about that game was just that they did that well without Pickens and then Mike Williams made a couple plays for them. So that's good. Well they'll, this is a tough week, right? 'cause they're at Philly and Yeah, Baltimore's got a walk over against the Giants so it could be cut to one and then they have the head to head.


Except they're catching Philly during a week when Right. They looked off all good Carolina and then AJ Brown had a really weird interview after. Yeah. It was just like the Eagles, they just don't wanna be loved. That's who they are. There was too much love for them the last week. People, especially when Detroit's defense got banged up. Even I was ticket, I thought they had a chance to maybe be the best team in the league with Detroit's defense, you know, kind of cratering and they'd barely be Carolina. And if you miss the game, I know you didn't, but Leggette had the touchdown. He dropped it, the game was over. I thought he caught it. I was furious. Like you, I probably had Philly and five U-F-C-N-F-L parlays that I made yesterday that were lingering over.


I'm like, oh my God, really? They're gonna lose this. But he dropped it. Yeah. I don't know. I, I believe me, I, I had him on, I did him on Money Line Parleys with all those things you just said. And one guy had $3.1 million on Eagle. So that became a, a rooting interest as as well. But you know, when I saw that, that made me think Carolina had a chance. 'cause that was, yeah. That's just too much money. This has scares me weird now. Scare me. Yeah. It's like when the, when the betters are getting up for the games more than the team. But that might be it. Like maybe, maybe you just don't, how much are you gonna get up for the Panthers coming to town in, in December after you've rocked everybody. But yeah, the a AJ Brown thing is weird for sure. I think if Green Bay had beaten Detroit on Thursday and Philly had a chance to be the one seed, they might have approached that game a little differently.


Now they're like, eh, we are where we are. They're basically locked into the two seed, right? Yeah. I don't think there's no scenario where they're not the two seed. They have a three game lead over Seattle team. Four game lead over Tampa. Yep. Two seed brace young though. So they're on their own two, they're down six. I'm just getting excited for our stupid ppo. 'cause I had Philly minus thir minus 12 and a half or 13. I'm like, oh, Bryce will throw a pick six and somehow Philly's gonna cover. And then he just kind of started marching down the field. Daylon made a couple big plays. I thought Bryce was really impressive. I thought I had that in my multi-view on for the whole game and was watching some of it.


And I thought Bryce, I, he clearly has salvaged whatever he needed to salvage. He's gotta be the guy for them next year. He is decent man. He really is. He's decent. You, you, you went over it and how fluky it was for him to get his job back. Right. It was like a Yeah. Dalton family car accident and stuff, but Right. I think the player you're talking about, like he scrambled on third down from his three. He he ran just up to, I I don't even know if he realized if he wasn't over the line yet when he passed it. Yeah. And then got him down the field and, but yeah, they're gonna be, they're gonna be a pain in the ass team. We no longer have a team that we could just bet against. And that's why, that's why I've been so kind of pissy about the Patriots.


'cause I think when you have these young teams that are going nowhere when once you hit like late November, early December, it could go one of two ways. Either you go the way the Giants are going where you've lost eight straight and it's just a comedy of errors. You go the way the Patriots are going where you're looking at every part of the team other than the quarterback going, are we better at one spot than we were eight weeks ago? And you look at Carolina, they've been in these close games now. I think this was their sixth straight game. I mean there, there was a point when they looked like they might be the worst team in the league. Yeah, well they're still losing 'em all. So I mean, you know, they lost the last losing them all but starting, they beat the saints, they beat the Giants. They lost Casey by three. They lost the Tampa by three.


They lost to Philly by six and dropped the game in touchdown. That's a six week sample size if you include the bi week. I feel like they won that. But then you look at it too, like the Pats. Even Vegas has shown like a little something, you know, when you consider they probably have the worst quarterback situation in the league. Yeah. And they almost beat Casey last week. They kind of hung around against Tampa. Well your Patriots have been in a couple of these. I mean I know it's not, you know, the Titans and stuff, it's not, not gonna get too excited. But I feel like we could be seven and six. Yeah. If we had Belichick we'd be seven and six. That's where I've landed. But with Steve Belichick.


Which one? Steve? We had Steve Hick or we had Belichick's girlfriend.


This episode is brought to you by Old El Paso. Does game day hosting feel like an extreme sport? Not anymore. With Old El Paso feeding your hungry crowd is oh so easy. Old El Paso's crunchy standin stuffed shells, bold seasonings and squeezable sauces are fumble free, flavor packed and perfect for cheering on your team. Football season is taco season with Old El Paso. Level up your next Tailgater watch party. Shop Game Day Essentials at Old El Paso dot com.


This episode is brought to you by Workday. Get the whole band together with Workday and pair finance and HR on one platform for an epic performance with Workday ai. At the core, you'll make confident decisions faster than ever and you'll drive flawless business and finance operations with an agile platform that constantly evolves to future proof your organization. Be a finance and HR rockstar with Workday. Visit workday.com to learn more.


We'll talk about the Jets who clinched 2024 is most depressing team today. They played actually pretty well the whole game. And two, it was bad. I thought. Thought he was all over the place. He would, he would have one good throw. He would have a terrible throw. The team had no flow at all. Couple times it just seems like he's leading his receivers. Yeah. Toward the spot where they're just gonna get decked waddle a couple times. I almost felt like pulled up a little. 'cause he is like, nah, I'm not stop. Don't you feel like the way he tilts his body when he drops back to pass and maybe he looks weirder 'cause he is a lefty, but the way he turns his body, it feels like anyone could know to jump a route. Right?


Right. It doesn't, which is why he's throwing it so fast. He gets rid of it in two seconds. He was fine except when he can't. But yeah, it's, and Rogers was okay for how he's been this year, but had some, I mean the, the funniest one was he had Wilson opened by 30 yards and somehow led him out of bounds on the throw. He caught it and like just, it was an 80 yard touchdown with anybody. But they had the game And it felt like they were gonna win. Two minute warning. They get a first down on Miami's 27. Miami has two timeouts, left clock ticks down to like under one 20. And here's what they did. They ran for minus five timeout. Miami Rogers gets sacked for minus six.


Timeout Miami. Miami has no timeouts left. And we're close to a minute left. Rogers throws a 14 yard out to Adams who goes outta bounds with the minute left. Yep. Jets kick a field goal go up three. But now instead of having 15 seconds left, the Dolphins have a minute left. They return the kickoff to midfield, they end up tying it. They win in an ot it was abominable, but the Jets jet sucks so nobody cares. But it was about as bad clock management as we've seen this year. It, it was really bad. You know, the the, the DJ was bad on the other side too, but you're right. Like I don't know why Adams was going out bounds on that play. If you run for four yards and the clock runs, it's better. Even if you missed the field goal, it's better than what they they did there.


And no, they could have kneeled three times And it would've been better. They could've knee like they would That's just don't go backwards. Yeah, yeah. But the dj, if I could bring that up for a second please. McDaniel that this is my biggest pet peeve in sports. When you're fourth and three on plus territory at the 45, you have to have to have to go for the hard count. You have to. Yeah. You have to try. Oh, when he punted without even doing it. Yeah. You can't just bring the punt team on. You have to line up. And then if you, if you don't do it and they punt it through the end zone, which they did, I think the authority should come down and just take you off the field right there. Because you just don't get it. You're not trying.


These guys are the jittery Jets. You can get them to jump off sides. It happens like one outta every seven times. So just try it. That's a great point. I like it. I'm mad that he has a nickname already. Thanks to Lombardi, the dj. 'cause I, I think Young Dexter would've been a good nickname too, because he's in Miami. Yeah. He kind kind of looks like he's just gonna go back to some room and plant some murders. He could, he could have a few nicknames. He could be like Shaq with just like six or seven nicknames. There's no reason not to. I young Dexter, I wonder, like, I've been thinking a lot about the head coach stuff. 'cause I really hope the pa I don't think they will, but I'm really hoping the Patriots just get Vrabel.


I just don't understand why we wouldn't, he's in the Patriots Hall of Fame. I know he is a good coach. Like just, let's admit the Mayo thing didn't work. Let's just get vr, let's get a real coach. We have this unbelievable quarterback. Like, let's not waste one year with this. Let's just get him an awesome coach and let's try to build around the coach and the quarterback like we did for 20 years, Belichick and Brady. But I was thinking about what makes a coach succeed and what doesn't. Over and over again. It's like the hot play caller gets called in. It's like this amazing defensive wiz or like this guy is like, are we doing this wrong, I guess is my point. Because over and over again, it seems like if they, like, if they fired Mayo, you know, like we've hired Ben Johnson, the lions whiz kid offensive coordinator.


Right. It's gonna be great for Drake May My response would be is he, yeah. Are we sure? Does he know how to coach like all aspects of a team? I know he could probably draw up some cool plays like the dj. Yeah. But does he know how to like Lead Bend? Does he know, understand game situations? Like we always rave about these great coaches that we have in the league that you and I love to bet on, like Tomlin and Andy Reed and you know, the Harbaughs and these guy, these aren't like wizkid specialist things. They're like attitude. They got, they're like leaders of men who look for specific things. They build through the lines. I don't understand why everybody doesn't do that. Wow. I think I'm up. That's my soliloquy. Thank you. I really thank you. Well, I, I think the answer is there might not be enough guys like that.


There just aren't. Right? I mean, it might be just be a handful Leaders of men. I mean, you got Dan Campbell, you love his post game speeches. I saw the tweet. Are he another one? Exactly right. He's awesome. He's gonna win Coach of the Year, if not for the Lion's Great record because of these speeches and these get on SportsCenter and if you're a Dan Quinn or a Mike Tomlin or an Andy Reed, you kind of have to step it up. You like, take your shirt off in the locker room and let that get on tv. Right. If you're gonna win this Coach of the year thing, because he's pretty damn good. And you're right, he's a leader. Oh, that's a good point You gotta think of. Yeah. You almost have to think of the post-game YouTube clip or the Twitter clip on that. You're right. You're locker for trying to win Coach of the Year Locker. You almost have have to memorize lines like an actor striped down, but wave the shirt over your head.


Do something. Campbell used his notes, which I thought was interesting. I don't know if you've noticed that. Yeah. His notes. He's like, all right, first ball. And he looks down. Maybe that could be Tomlin's Edge. Tomlin has no notes. He just knows who to who to give the game ball to teleprompter. Yeah. Yeah. Anyway, my point is, I, I just think the Wiz kid thing. I I, I think we're gonna grow outta that soon. It feels like that goes wrong. Way more than it goes. Right. Cliff Kingsbury last week was the number one guy for the Bears in terms of like odds and stuff. Like, like how much do you need to see about with, with him? Right. Right. Bears only thing went so badly. They, they paid him to go away during the season. And even the coordinator thing's a little sketchy at this point. So also, all right, let's say Steve Sarkisian is a good, no, that's not Steve.


Steve Spagnolo. I got my double S's confused. Chief Spagnolo is a good example. Like he was a head coach, didn't work. Right. He might go to the Hall of Fame as the defensive coordinator. Would you rather be like the most incredible offensive coordinator, defensive coordinator? I know you make more money as a coach, but like Josh McDaniels is a good example. He was an excellent offensive coordinator and a terrible head coach. So maybe sometimes it's okay. Maybe to be just like an overqualified awesome. Properly paid defensive coordinator versus getting thrown. I know they have to do it. I know it's a bigger job. It's more money. You gotta do it. But yeah. Well maybe if Andy Reed had given them like a, a nicer Christmas gift, Eric Bmy would be around then they wouldn't be scoring like 16 points a game.


Like things like that. But yeah, you're right. Do you know who the running backs coaches of the commanders? I don't. I don't think so. It's Anthony Lin. Oh yeah. Remember him? Yeah. Yeah, yeah. That's the thing. These guys get one head coaching job and then they go back and they're like a coordinator or like a linebacker's coach or a running backs coach or like a D backs coach or a special teams coach. Yeah. And a lot of times they get their one shot and that's it. But that the big picture point is Vrabel sitting there, Belichick might go to college for God's sakes because he is so disgruntled. All right. Next topic. Oh, I I wanna do a Quick Jets thing.


The Jets had, they went oh and seven in these games that they almost won. And I'm just gonna remind you the games really quick. The Denver bad weather game ten nine when the guy missed the field goal, missed field goal. And they also lost the bond down Minnesota and London. They had a first down inside the 30, down six, and then Rogers threw a pick. Bill's 2320. They lost at, they were midfield. Three minutes left driving, Rogers threw a pick. Pats 25, 22. They lost, they missed a two point to go up seven. And then the Pats drove down the field and won the game on 'em Colts 28, 27. They actually scored give up a game winning drive to Anthony Richardson, which that has somehow happened twice this year.


Seattle 26 21, first down inside the 30 Lost ball on Downs. Hmm. And then Dolphins, they lose by six today. And I have no idea how they lost. Is it possible that Jets weren't bad? Like the Jets are three and 10? Is it possible they they actually weren't bad. Like even, even if they go four and three in those games, they're seven and six right now, like battling for a seven seed. They can't close games. There are plenty of bad teams that are, are in one score games. But this is, you could, you could literally pinpoint Rogers as the reason they're three and 10 instead of seven and six. I didn't realize it was that like easy to figure out. Yeah. All right. I guess so. By that, by that.


If you're gonna measure it like that. But I also think he should retire. Oh, in seven. Yeah. He, he, he was, he he went over 300 yards today. He should be like, that's it. It's not gonna get better than that. I have a Netflix documentary coming out next week and I passed the 300 yards and I'm never gonna blame myself. You and I both had the Dolphins money on them. Yeah. I was scared for a minute. They were reprehensible for most of that game. They looked like they didn't really wanna be there. They looked like they thought the game was three hours later than it was. And they all hustled over and got dressed and just kind of ran out and didn't warm up. I I was alarmed by how, and the Jets moved the ball up and down on them the whole game. Yeah. They didn't have Bri Hall. It was, it was pretty disgusting. And then Miami ends up winning.


Anyway, our buddy JJ was there. He goes there he is like a, he is like an old man. He flies from New York. He goes to the, has to have the sun. He's there. And he was like, by the end of the game, he texted us. He was like, I was shaking, I was shaking at the end. I was like, why were you shaking? Shaking? This was monumental win. That puts it, you lost like six draft spots, six, seven, or one away from 500. It's like, oh man. If he was shaking about that, he is not gonna be happy about Juan Soto. Let's do, let's do the most depressing, most depressing franchise rankings. Okay. Right Now, in your opinion, who is the most depressing franchise?


If you're a fan and you're looking at the season, you're having the assets, you have your quarterback coach situation, what your Pixar, your salary cap situation, the division you're in the conference, you're in everything. Who should be the most depressed right now? Cleveland Browns. I have them number one as well without hesitation. Yeah. Now the Jameis stuff, he, he is a miracle. He is a lot of fun to watch. I think he should be like an all time quarterback for Monday Night Football or something. 'cause he is so much fun. And today we didn't even get a great jam game. We got like a, a four. But if he could, he could do anything from ball team out. He was actually kind of bad today. Yeah. Yeah. It was. I I don't like if it's just bad, I want him to be great and bad, but ultimately worse.


But yeah, it's, they owe their quarterback $92 million over the next two years. They're a losing franchise. They have borderline criminal owners alleged bribery scandal all over the place. And they're in a tough, I mean, that division is gross. How are they gonna, yeah, they'll, they'll play like today they'll be, they're close for a minute and that's it. But they're looking at like six and 11 in few years. I think at best. I had them number one as well. My second pick was the Giants. Hmm. Eight straight losses most incompetent NFL franchise really for the last decade. If you, if you look at record, you look at all the stuff that's happened with them, you don't have a QB coach or gm.


I, I want at least one of the three if I'm Yeah. You know, they're, oh, for three today a plane flew over the stadium that said, Mr. Mera enough, please fix this. Dumpster Fire was saw that flying over the stadium. Right. And now they're gonna have the number one pick and it's a draft where nobody really likes to QBs. Yeah. It's rough. And you're gonna have to talk yourself into Sam. Darn. I think they have to be second. Would you have anybody over though? If I had to go next, I would take the Bears. I think I just, oh, interesting. I had that Bears number nine. Oh, you did? Oh wow. Yeah. Who do you have on? 'cause I think you could talk yourself in a Caleb and they, you know, they've had some draft picks and I, I think that division's gonna be very good for a while.


And I feel like it's a little depressing the Caleb thing right now. And they, they just don't really, I I, I don't think they know what they're doing in the front office. And I, I, you know, they're in a allowed, much like the Giants, they're in a loud city, you know, they're never gonna hear the end of how bad they are forever. So it gets amplified. Who do you have? I had the Raiders third for me. They're paying three coaches right now. They have the worst record in the league. They've had no results whatsoever other than that one year they made the playoffs with, with Carr. When Max Crosby was fun. We had Pit Boss Rich. That was fun. I guess that was good. No qb.


I don't, I guess Tom Brady is now a part owner, but there's just not a lot going on. And I'm in a division now with Mahomes and Harbaugh and Herbert and Sean Peyton. And I'm just bummed if I'm a Raiders fan. Yeah, I'm what the, the, I think they interviewed 31 agents was James baby Doll Dickson, one of 'em. I don't know. But they said, they all said they were the worst run organization, the Raiders. I mean they've been taking wild swings for 25 years and can't get there. Jesus. Who'd Jeff? For, for okay. For four worst franchise. I'm gonna go Quiznos. You know, we had someone work at Jimmy Kim alive and moved to the Pacific Northwest like 15 years ago.


Opened the Quiznos And it closed immediately. And now you hear less about it than Subway. Jimmy John's, plumpy Jersey, Mike's Fat Als out here. You know, you make your own sandwiches. There's too many options. Listen, quiz for that. They're in trouble. Quiznos unless Quiznos, unless they sponsor us. In that case they'll Chi Chippy Jets is taking their lunch. Yeah. All right, go ahead. You go Jets. Yeah, they'll unwind this Rogers thing. But they've spent so much capital and Cap picks everything. Their fans have no faith in anything. They do. They don't have a coach. They don't have a gm, they don't have a quarterback. When you're Oh, for three, as I said earlier, that's, that's where you get worried.


I don't really know what the solutions are. I guess the good news is they lost today. I, those are pretty easy. Top four for me. Browns, giants, Raiders, Jets. But anybody else you would Put up there. I thought what was interesting about this exercise was I would've the Panthers in the top three like two months ago and now Yeah, I know. You know, I think they might have, might have found a coach and I think they at least have a QB that they know they can bring into the off season and feel good about. They're gonna have another high draft pick. They've paid the Caleb thing. The Caleb trade turned the way Caleb played this year. It's, you know, maybe not gonna haunt them in the way we, we could have thought. So I, I dropped them down to number eight. Well, let me ask you this.


Who would you rather have? So you'd rather have the Panthers franchise than the Jaguars? Yeah. 'cause the thinking with the Panthers was they're in such a funky division that, that's comparing the Saints and the Falcons. Yeah. Like we, you, all I have to do is, you know, find a couple good players. I can go to war. Whereas if I'm the Jags, I'm, I'm InVision with Stroud. I don't know, I guess they're, it's not that. Well I mean they have, they're paying Trevor Lawrence Fi 2 75 for five. Well that's thing. So that, that's gotta be your guy. I had, I had Titans five and Jag six. And the only difference is the Titans definitely don't have a qb.


And I don't think they have a coach either. Or a gm. The Jags might have a qb. Right. That's, that's, that's it. And I, I do like Brian Thomas. I do like some of the Jags. I do wonder what would happen if you gave them a really good coach next year. I do think they have some talent. Whereas the Titans, I, they were awful today. You also have to have an owner who's wants to win. Okay. Most of them do. And is not a fricking idiot. Right. Like, I don't know, we can't put my team up there because it's just much 10. You did? Yeah. Son of a bitch had the Bears Night in the Cowboy's 10th. Alright. But I, you know, it's a distant 10.


You compared to Jets, Titans, Jags, 4, 5, 6. Like you're miles away from those teams. They're kind of worth a lot though. If you wanted to sell them. That's, that's, I'm just talking about winning and all that stuff. The Saints, I had number seven. That's another one where I don't really know long term what you got there. They're probably the weirdest ownership situation combined with the, what's going on with the basketball team. No qb. They had, they're in Cap. Hell Peyton fled them a couple years ago for, for mysterious reasons. So I think they have to be mentioned as well. I think I have to mention the Patriots too. They haven't won their division in years. In years. They haven't won their division. They have an impossible time building a roster.


Listen, wet that drink mate. We would be in the top five for this conference. You got a stadium? No one cares nephew. Kyle's the only one ballsy enough to wear the jersey. I have the major jersey now. I wore it last week. That's true. Wanna do guest alliance? Yeah, let's do it. I don't think we take any breaks. Do we take breaks? No, we're just flying through. Oh good. I like it. All right. Kyle's gonna put the breaks in.


Oh, this episode is brought to you by an NF NFL Sunday Ticket on YouTube TV. There's a lot to be thankful for this season. For one, I'm thankful you can get NFL Sunday ticket on YouTube TV right now for only $209. That's exactly what you need. As we head right into the playoffs, you can invite your friends over. Maybe you have a multi, you could have four different games. One for you, one each for the three other friends you invite. You can, you can change the games around. As soon as a game, the outcome becomes pretty certain. Dump that game. But in another one, I've become the multi-view master. The moment the the one of the games is losing steam, I'm ready to move right in and move it for another one. Build your own multi-view. One of my favorite words, thank yourself this holiday season. Get NFL Sunday ticket for the rest of the l regular season for just $209. Sign up now at youtube.com/bs. Terms and embargoes apply. Device and content restrictions apply. No cancellations.


This episode is brought to you by LinkedIn. As a small business owner, every new hire added to your team needs to make an immediate impact. Think of CJ Stroud in his rookie year, how he transformed the Texans with limited hiring resources. You don't have the luxury of getting it wrong. You need to feel confident that your candidate is going to perform when the game is on the line. With LinkedIn jobs, you can, as the world's largest professional network, LinkedIn gives you access to more than a billion professionals. With the unique skills and experience you need, chances are your next standout star is one of them. A qualified candidate ready to put in the work that makes an immediate impact on your business. On LinkedIn, 86% of small businesses get a qualified candidate within 24 hours. So hire professionals like professional on LinkedIn. Hire the right person for your role and post your job for free. Go to LinkedIn dot com slash simmons, that's LinkedIn dot com slash simmons to post your job For free terms and conditions. Apply


Thursday night Niners Rams in San Francisco. Interesting one. A more exciting game than it was a week ago. You told me like Friday, how excited are you about Niners Rams Next Thursday? I would've been like, EH four now it might be like a seven. I like it. Seven and a half. Just play top San Francisco. Play like give us your B minus game at least for this one. What's our record for? Guess the lens. What are we right now? I won the last couple weeks. Seven, six and one. You still have the lead. I have the Niners by three over the Rams. Oh yeah. You get this? Yeah. By the way, you're gonna win this week.


I was way off on a lot. I I said one. I said one and a half. It's two and a half. So you get pretty. Put the Rams on every teaser. I know you are Bengals tomorrow. Ramps Thursday. Good. Good job by you. Something I don't trust about the ramps. It's never easy with them. You know, they look so even today there, what was that score? 35, 13 at one point. Yeah, something like that. Just don't never feel comfortable with them. And you watch And that offense is never weapons gonna better weapons. Yeah, I know it. That's the thing. It just feels like they, you watch their offense And it, they seem like they should be the, nobody wants to see these guys in the playoffs but, and I feel like people will be fine seeing them.


Sunday's Marquee game. We had two really good options for this, but I'm gonna go with Lions. Bills, bills in Detroit. Jared Goffer, the puncher's chance to steal the MVP. I don't think he'll Bills don't totally need the game. As we mentioned earlier, they're gonna be their two seater, three seat lions kind of need the game 'cause 'cause the Vikings won't go away and, and the Eagles won't go away either. So I had the Lions by three and a half. We split this. I said one and a half. It is two and a half. Hmm. You surprised? That's fair. Well I, I didn't think they were gonna make it three.


I know it's not a must win for the bills, but I just don't see them losing back to back a lot. It's a fun one. I'm already fast forwarding to Dan Campbell's written speech. Excited. I wonder, it feels like they docked the lines at least a point for the defensive injuries. Do you see Hutchinson might come back for, I saw round three that far. I know they weren't bad though, against they bay. I know it was a lot of points, but they, if you hold them less than 300 yards. This is my preseason Super Bowl pick too. So should be fun. By the way, there's seven good games this week. Yeah.


Watchable. I have four, I have eight good games. Alright. Texan's home for the Dolphins. I put some games in the watchable and the fairly watchable because there's, they're, they're kind of loser League town matches for at least one of the teams. Like in this case, Texans, Dolphins. I don't think the Dolphins can lose again. I'm not even sure they're a playoff team, but the Broncos are also playing the Colts. It's a big one. And that's one that normally would be like a fairly watchable, but that's actually a really good game. That's probably a seven seed. Yeah. Lose a seven seed. And there's a scenario where Dolphins beat the Texans, Colts beat the Broncos and now all of a sudden we have all these scenarios to figure out.


So Houston, Miami, I have the Texans buy three and a half over Miami. Oh, do I get this one? I do. I said two. It's two and a half. Yeah, that's too low. That's stupid. I have some big, big misses coming up. I met Bet Houston straight up in that one. I was not impressed by the Dolphins today. No, of course not. They just look sloppy and asleep would be my scattering report. It's in a Broncos. Colts. Yeah. You know Broncos have been tough to gauge how the, how the bookmakers think of them. So I'm gonna play it safe Broncos by three. That's what I said. It's five and a half. Yep. See that's what I mean.


I can't tell if Fando and company like the Broncos or not. 'cause sometimes it seems like they do and then other times it seems like they don't. Five and half's rich. Well I know you said Rams bills was the game of the year, but I don't think we could say enough about Denver Cleveland last Monday. It's just so you're right. That was up there too so damn good. Plus The, that was at least a gambling moment of the year. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. Jamis somehow take taken the down to the one and then throw it another pick. Eagle Steelers. Yeah, in Philly. This was the other candidate for the, the marquee game. And I think this has to be Eagles by three.


That's what I said. I can't believe this. Actually four and a half. See, this is what I was telling you before that people don't see the Steelers thing and I think it's good for us. All right. Steelers special. Let's do it to dump the first half and win the game. The Steelers get no respect. It's bizarre. I mean, Tomlin against Philly and Philly getting like four and a half, five. I guarantee I'd pick that game. Chargers home for the Bucks and the Bucks have been Scotch taping it here for a while.


Chargers look good today. I had this at three this morning when I did this. But I'm gonna bump at a half point. I'm gonna say Chargers by three and a half. Oh, shouldn't have bump. No bump. I said one and a half. It's two and a half. So we split this. God damnit. Why did I touch it? It's going on. I like the Chargers. I think the Bucks are gonna have a lot of trouble scoring against them. Yeah. I The Baker's gonna be a little jittery. They'll get to 'em in the pocket. It's a fun one though. I I, you know, I this could be, they'll have more fans, right. Chargers? They're rare home game with an advantage. Yeah. How many Tampa fans would make the trip from Florida to LA in mid-December?


Yeah. Fairly watchable chiefs at Cleveland in a game that by law has to be in the Vegas zone. And I'm gonna say chiefs by five and a half. This makes me, people gonna think I've never done this before. And they might be. I I said nine and a half. It's six and a half. Hmm. I Don dunno. I mean I guess I Don dunno. I I I hate them both for, for various reasons. They just don't know what to make these chiefs lines anymore. Yeah. They have no idea. Washington is at the Saints, I assume.


No, Derek Carr, which means this line has to be at least three and a half. And that's what I'm gonna guess Washington by three and a half. So that's what I said. Unless they change this, it's seven Washington by seven. So cars out. Not a lot of Spencer Rattler fans. No, I guess not. I I'm trying to figure out why this would be, I watched an offer. Bye. I don't love it. Last fairly watchable, at least fairly watchable for me. Cardinals at home for the Patriots. Probably the Pat's last chance to win a game game. Cardinals playing to stay in the playoff hunt. And I was in Denver on Thursday.


Here's how much I love Drake. May the Patriots over under on FanDuel was three and a half and the under was plus 1 52. Yeah. And I'm like, we're not winning another game this year like this. This is, we're finishing three and 14. Unless some crazy Drake may game happens plus 1 52. What a great line. I should bet that I'm not betting it. I didn't bet it. Wow. Good. He was like, I don't wanna root against Drake. May I love Drake. May I can't root against him. Nephew Kyle telling me about this too. You guys betting like crazy. And he, did he go for under three and a half? He would never No. We discussed it. We were like, very unlikely we win again.


But not betting against Drake. May. Yeah. This should be close. What do you think? Yeah, I gotta say, so I, I'd have cards by six. What'd you have? I said six also that it's six and a half. Am I really matching these? Yeah. I think the Pats, I think the Pats could win this game. Why not Poopa Bengals at Titans. I had Bengals by six at Tennessee. I I swear I had the same thing and it's four and a half. Mm. They put it in the Vegas zone. Ravens. So we have a lot. Oh shit. I just realized this. Jesus doesn't matter. Just a lot of home underdogs.


Yeah. So we have Brown Saints, Titans, giants. Potentially a couple more here. And then potentially a Monday. Nighter Ravens at Giants. I'm gonna say Ravens by 10 and a half. And I'm not gonna put them in a tease. You're gonna get this 'cause I said 10. It's 14 and a half. Oh my Lord. That's stupid. Obviously nobody's watched Lamar and Jim and John Harbaugh against a shitty team in the road. They're, if a team has given up, they have what, what can you say? Right. And the Giants are up 14 to three heading into halftime here at Giant Stadium. Cowboys. Panthers had a lot of trouble with this one.


I I gave this the old one and a half Cowboys buy one and a half at Carolina. I had even more trouble. I said Cowboys buy three Get ready Bill Panthers buy one and a half. Oh that is a low point for the franchise. Maybe the Cowboys are the worst franchise. Maybe. Maybe that puts us, maybe we have to re-rank these franchise clowns. Oh my God. Wow. I'm staring at it. And it's not changing. The Panthers are favored against the Cowboys. If I had told you six weeks ago that in week 15 the Panthers were gonna be favored by a point and a half over the Cowboys, would you have assumed there was like a bus accident?


If you told me six minutes ago, I wouldn't believe it. I still don't believe what, what's going on here now? I guess it's, wow. The Panthers have been good. This is what we talked about earlier. They've been good for, I mean, a good bad team, not good, good. But I know they hang around in these games. I'd rather have their quarterback. I'd rather have their running back. I'd rather have one of their receiver. Yeah, you're right. The defensive tackle the, this. I, I guess it makes sense. It's just very depressing. Jets are at Jacksonville. Speaking of depressing, I don't know if it gets more depress than this. This is the Aaron Rogers Mac Jones game. Nobody wanted. And I have the Jets favored by one and a half. All I got this.


Exactly. It's three. They still like the Jets, the odds makers. They do. Yeah. Yeah, they still do. Did they end up covering today or, because it was six and a half. I they did And it dropped the five And it was, and then lost the, it was five and a half and it's at kickoff. It was six and a half. But you can't, can't win by six and a half in overtime. Sunday night you're up 11 nine. So if you win one of these, I think you're in good shape. I'm hitting this one. Seahawks Packers in Seattle. A very good one. Always a problem with the uniforms. Always confusing. Oh yeah. Some good history with these two teams.


I'm gonna say Seahawks by one and a half. Oh no, no, no. I said Green Bay by one. It is Green Bay by two and a half. Oh man. Let's go. That's a big mistake. Oh, this could be good. 'cause I picked one. There's two Monday night games and I picked one of them. Exactly. Packers two and a half. Wow. You're looking at a teaser. I know you're, did anyone watch the Seahawks last couple weeks? I guess they'll have the rest advantage, right? Green Bay, Jordan Love in Seattle. Two Monday night games.


Yep. And I wish they were better. You know, I don't care. I just, as long as there's seven early afternoon now. I mean, 'cause it would've been eight if there was one. Right? So true. It's it's fine. It's fine. Vikings home for the Bears and I don't see how this is less than seven and a half. So I'm gonna say Vikings by seven and a half. Ooh. I said seven. It's seven. Jesus. So I'm up up one on you right now. You're up one. You're up one. And wait. 1, 2, 3, 11, 2, 3. Now it's 1111. I was off by a point and a half in this.


You should be able to maybe get it. Desmond Ritter against his old team. What a game. Atlanta at Vegas. I'm gonna say Atlanta by three and a half. Oh, I pulled it out. Four. It's five and a half. Oh my god. Fuck. I win. What a day. Come back Soto. This is great one Soto, you've tied me and guess the woo-hoo. I'm a little depressed. The Cowboys run the dog to the Panthers. Unbelievable. All right, let's do Parent Corner. What do you got? Let's do it. What do I have? All right. A a couple things. F first of all, my youngest, my 10-year-old is in his travel baseball team.


And he got five hits this weekend and he's batting like 360. And he is available Mets, I know you don't have any money left, but he is available so he wants to hit 400 in the worst way. And I asked him if he'd rather get All A's in school and hit 300 or All C's and hit 400. And he gave the right answer. He said he'd rather get all C's and hit 400. And I made sure his mother wasn't looking at I High five them said Anyway, I'm a good father. But the the big one I want to talk about is the Spotify rap. Yeah. And how much of a loser I feel like, because I, I'm embarrassed to say even though this is what I like Kenny Loggins, Billy Joel, Huey Lewis, and the New Chicago and Hall and Oats.


Those are my top five. That was your top five. Top five. Some of those bands are too old for even you to make a documentary about. So I don even know, I mean I've heard these Your million text her about the Yacht Rock Doc. Yeah, absolutely. So you're just old. I'm just old and it's sad. But then it said like July was my psychedelic beach goth moment. I was like, oh wow. And I was big into the growlers, the Dead Ghosts and the pesos. I was like, this is terrific. I don't even remember listening to those. It's my kids, it's my son, it's my college kid who shares it with Spotify. And he puts me in a different realm. But it, it makes me feel bad. Like wow, those sound like cool bands.


I couldn't name one song by any of 'em. But The Growler, I don't think the Spotify rap, even though the, the sun comes in for the save with's, like some, I assume hipster music. I don I don't know. I don't know about the Spotify rap. I if an app tells you that how many times you get up in the middle of the night to pee. It's like that's, I, I don't want that getting out. So thanks for trying to save me kid. But I'm, I'm old and dying. The growler. The growler. My daughter asked if she could Instacart some stuff in college and I said yes. And I just wanted to redo the order is my parent corner. I'll do it. Almond Breeze, unsweetened Almond Breeze, unsweetened original almond milk, non-dairy milk, alternative hood instant whip, like cream ready whip orange, original dairy whip topping.


These are the first four things she got. What? Jelli Hot cocoa with chocolate chips. Swiss mis milk chocolate, hot cocoa, K-cup pods, Pillsbury eat or bake chocolate chip cookie dough. Tollhouse chocolate chip lovers cookie dough with chocolate chips and chocolate chunks. Peanut butter, 90% less fat. Powdered original. That was my favorite. Less fat after all these other orders. Archer Farms, women's plaid, flannel holiday matching family pajama set. Small Archer Farms, woman's plaid flannel holiday matching family pajama set, large strawberries, jet puff mini marshmallows and skinny pop microwave popcorn with sea salt.


Wow. That was the Instagram order. And apparently she was at my dad's house and they decided to make cookies and drink hot chocolate and Oh good. And she wanted to wear all this stuff, but I got the order and I'm like, are you in college or you're in like second grade? What? What's happening? Remember in college, like you used to go to college and you were just on your own and you had like, somebody had like a toaster oven and now you can just order whatever the fuck you want And it comes That was it. Yeah. You had a crockpot or something and like it having hot chocolate when we were in college, it would've been like a miracle. It would be like you have hot chocolate. Yeah. It sounds amazing. Do you have like a crockpot? You could make it now. It's just, I don't know.


And the whole thing of being in college, I just feels like it's like in this delivery era, like, oh I want pizza. Oh, our pizza place closed. Oh shit, I guess we can't have pizza now. It's like, oh, just order a pizza so easy. Yeah, you're right. Does college make it too easy on our kids? Yeah. Like, or just like 2024. It's it too easy to be a kid in college compared to the way it used to be. Like you used to like get sent off and that was it. Man, you had to like sink or swim. You're on your own and fend for yourself. Right, right, right. Yeah. I don't know if I blamed college. Well she'd be doing this at home too, right? If you were weren't paying. Yes. She definitely would've done that at home. Yeah, I like it. Well, you see her every couple weeks.


But it'd be funny if she came back like for Christmas break, 2 25 pounds. She's dressed in red. But that's the thing. She'll, she'll take like two bites of all this stuff. 'cause we call her, we call her the maggot is her nickname in our house. 'cause she, she'll like, there'll be a piece of pizza on the counter and she'll just take like, just enough of the cheese to ruin the piece but not eat the pizza. So was like, oh, the maggot. Got it. Isn't that what Sergeant Slaughter would call his opponents a maggot? You should get a sergeant. You get a Sergeant Slaughter counter, you know maggots just like eat away at the Yeah, at the, we call Ben the raccoon. Nice because when Ben, when Ben gets into the kitchen, it's a lot different.


There's a lot he breaks like damage, stuff like that. Yeah. Yeah. Did you watch U ffc last night? I did. I did. It was great. Really good. It's actually a better card than I thought. A couple weird decisions, but I had, it was pretty good opposite of you. You had gone right? I had vocal, yeah. That was, that was, yeah. I don't know if he won any round. Gone. No, I I I was, I wrote the bet off. I thought, I thought yeah, he lost all three rounds. What did he do? Why do they have a Gracie in there? Just because of the name. And is that the best Gracie they could have because he, well it seemed content to fight from his back. He just didn't half guard before he was thrown down Even he was like 36. 36. But Rogan made a big case for him when he came in.


Was it Gracie? You know, he, we talked to him. He said he is feeling great and, and he just got completely annihilated. But there's gotta be a better Gracie is what I'm thinking. I don dunno, the LA card's gonna be unbelievable. Yeah, that's fun. Is that in February? That was gonna be great. No, it's January 18th. Oh, okay. Yeah. Yeah. All right. That's it. You corner. Anything else we got? That's it. What your, what number is Juan Soto gonna wear? Hmm. I don dunno, it'd be funny if he had to pay someone like three and a half million dollars for it. I'm not sure. I'm not sure what's, what is he gonna do? Whatever freaking number he wants. He could wear an amper. What should mention on the, on The Ringer Sunday pregame show You are now 12 and two on your best bets.


That's pretty good, right? Like I brag it's pretty good and I'm an asshole on that show for sure. And I, I asked these guys if they wanted to concede, but yeah, it's right there in the beginning of the show. We give our best bets. We we're give be bets the whole hour and a half. It's a lot of fun. We had pregame show, we we're having a pretty good year just in general. I think our futures did good. Million dollar picks is doing good. The Ringer of Sunday pregames doing pretty good. Everybody's house has been hitting some tee, some, some underdogs. I love Underdogs House heats up with the underdogs in December. So who did he have today? He had Jacksonville Jaguars. Yeah. He made a case that said the Titan's numbers were fraudulent. They're defensive numbers and a defensive player. Okay. But yeah, we have Cousin Sal winning weekend on Friday against All Odds by the way.


You want winner seven and one with our last eight basketball bats better than anyone else on The Ringer. Actually. It's quite sad. No one can compete, but yeah. And then what else? Through The Ringer with Tate Frazier. I want to thank our friend Kurt Schwartzkoff, the general Yeah. Hooked me up at the Intuit dome. What did he do? Lots of fun. What'd you, what did you, did you see the Clippers? I got tickets. I saw the Clippers and the Trailblazers. I bet the Clippers that night. I know you gave your review of the place. I mean, I feel like I was buying a condo trying to get into the app and face scanning and all that shit. But once you're in, great, once you're in, you're, yeah, it's fun. Yeah, they make it really hard. Games for the kids at the seats and everything.


Baller did a nice job on the, on the cheap. Wait before we go Seahawks minus 1 35 Rams plus one 60. Yeah. Tampa's minus two 30 Atlanta's plus 180 5 Pittsburgh's minus two 10 Baltimore's plus 1 75. They're just dying to get you to try to put Baltimore money down. Look at that steward schedule. And there's a whole path, but I think the dealer's gonna do it anyway. All right. S as always, good job by you. Good job by you buddy. Thanks to Kyle Creighton. Thanks to Steve Sru. Thanks to, and, and you can watch this on Spotify.


You might not have even realized that as you were listening to it, but you can watch on the YouTube channel as well. I'm gonna be back with a re watchable is on Monday night, did a Michael Douglas movie. Oh, which one? Yeah. Falling Down. No, I'm not gonna say it's a Michael Douglas movie. That's, that's the only hint. And then back on this podcast on Tuesday. Great to see you s See you buddy.