
It's The Bill Simmons Podcast presented by a FanDuel the NBA season hitting full stride. Don't miss your chance to win some money with America's number one sports book. I mean post-trade deadline. We had one of the craziest trade deadlines we've ever had in the history of the league. We have Fox on San Antonio, Luca on the Lakers, Kuzma on the bucks. Kidding? The Cavs got better. So you have a chance to get all these new look teams and maybe just ride Luca and his point over in the Lakers to win as a parlay over and over again as he gets vengeance on the Mavericks bet. On fun markets like Live Quarter player pops and parlays. Enjoy our new NBA player prop pages. The app is safe and secure and easy to use. And when you win, you'll get paid instantly. So download the app today. Bet with FanDuel an official partner of the NBA. The Ringer is committed to responsible gaming. Please visit rg help.com to learn more about the resources and helplines available. And listen to the end. The episode for additional details. Must be 21 plus in President select states game problem called 100 gambler. Visit rg help.com.


We added new podcast to The Ringer Podcast Network at Spotify. It is good. Hang with Amy Poer. She's great. It's gonna be a huge, big, fat, awesome podcast, subscribe, follow on Spotify premiers next week.


This episode is brought to by Michelob Ultra. Things have heated up in the NBA and that is an understatement. What is this Dallas team gonna look like? What is it gonna look like if Luca and LeBron are playing together? Can the Lakers have a chance to win a title? We don't even know what the rest of the trade guideline holds for us yet. There's a lot to see. It'll be better if you can watch it in person. Luckily for you, that's where Michelob Ultra Courtside comes in. Getting fans closer to the action with a chance to win Courtside tickets, sign merch and much more. Enter for your chance to win at michelob ultra.com/courtside. Michelob Ultra's superior access Courtside 2024 to 2025 sweepstakes no purchase necessary. Open to US residents. 21 or older begins on October 1st, 2024 ends on July 1st, 2025, multiple entry periods. Visit michelob ultra.com/superior access slash courtside for free. Entry. Entry. Deadlines and official rules, message and data rates may apply Void where Prohibited.


We're also brought to you by The Ringer Podcast Network. I put up a new rewatch Balls in honor of SNL 50. We did the Blues Brothers, me, Chris Ryan and Sean Nessy. It was a podcast you can watch as well in The Ringer Movies YouTube channel. Starting next week, video podcasts on Spotify of the re watchable. Everyone going forward you'll be able to watch on the Spotify platform. We're doing another SNL movie next week. I might even spoil it at the end of this podcast. So you can stay tuned for that one. Please check out The Ringer dot com because we have a bunch of good content this week, including some really good SNL stuff.


We have a fun NBA project coming next week, so stay tuned for that as well. And then the big news for The Ringer Podcast Network starting this week, starting Sunday night. White Lotus is starting on HBO last year, Joanna, or last season Joanna Robinson And I, we did the recaps of White Lotus season two And I think we might have done season one two, I can't remember. Anyway, season two we did, we added Mallory Rubin. This season White Lotus will end on hbo. We'll be putting our podcast up as a video podcast on Spotify on the Prestige TV pod and you can watch it on The Ringer dash tv YouTube channel as well. Our recaps. And then on Wednesdays, Rob Mahoney and Joanna Robinson will have the pre caps for Prestige.


They're also covering severance on the Prestige TV pod as well. So very excited. We love White Lotus. One of our favorite shows since we've had Grantland in The Ringer. We're talking since 2011. This is one of the OGs, one of the most fun TV shows to talk about. So anyway, that's coming on the Prestige TV pod. Coming on this podcast. I'm gonna talk to Rob Mahoney actually about what's going on in the west, what's up with the Warriors, can they turn it around? And we're gonna open an NBA six pack. And then I had a whole SNL 50 thing I wanted to do about my favorite sketches, episodes, characters, musical performances. It all makes sense. We listen to it. That's at the tail end of this pod.


My fingers actually worked. I wrote some stuff. So there you go. It's all next. First. Our friends from Pearl Jab. Hi Rob Mahoney's here. We are taping this part of the podcast late on Thursday night, 8:00 PM pt. Just watched a bunch of basketball and then tied into what I wanted to talk about with you the the West.


We're gonna start with you. Golden State win today. You Dallas, hold on. Win you Minnesota. Beat O kc. And then you look at the west and you have all these teams jammed together. Golden state's, the 10 seed with 27 losses. Minnesota's the seven seed with 25 losses. I'm the most interested in the Warriors And I've watched every minute of all of their games since they made this Jimmy Butler trade. And there's something here And I don't know what it is yet, but I like it. I don't know where it's gonna go. Their ceiling feels a little higher. I don't think they're gonna win the title, but they're the most intriguing team to me. That's not Denver or the Lakers or obviously. Okay. See, I think they're the fourth most intriguing team to me, Rob.


Okay. Can I suggest what the thing is that you might be seeing? Yeah, Let's see it. I would say two things. Maybe Golden State actually shooting free throws. Great. Jimmy Butler helps with that. That two something very exotic for the Warriors attempting to score around the basket and sometimes doing so successfully. Like they, they blow a lot of layups. They, they have a lot of guys who clam up a little bit around the basket or can get stifled out with length. They obviously play really small, but having Jimmy as any kind of presence inside, even if he's also missing some layups now and again, just as a cutter, as a driver, as a transition force, it's a nice counterbalance to everything else that the Warriors have going on offensively. Yeah, it feels like I rounded them out.


I also, like you mentioned the rebounding, the offensive rebounding. Yep. The free throws. That game yesterday that they played against Dallas where it basically came down. If Moody makes a corner three, I think they win. If Jimmy just goes to the basket with his right hand instead of crossing over going to Kyrie, they might win that one too. But the symmetry of the team seems to make sense now because Jimmy, even though, what, what is he? 6 5, 6 6. He's Tall. I think he's more 6 7 6 8 range Six. All right. Wherever he is, there's a post-up element with them that they just didn't have before. Unless it was Minga. And when it's Minga you lose some of the IQ stuff with Butler you don't, you get the IQ stuff. So Now you have him Wood dray on with Steph. And it's funny to call them a high IQ team because they also make some of the stupidest plays you'll see every night.


I don't think any team has sloppy or worse turnovers and yet they're high Team. They're re, like Steve Kerr is about to have an aneurysm at any given moment in these games. And you get it. Like some of the passes dream on throws for being a genius level Playmaker are absolutely baffling, indefensible making at times. And yet they get away with it because they have these hot shooting stretches. Their defense is obviously still pretty rock solid overall And I think will only get better with Jimmy. But ultimately I, I'm totally with you as far as the post-up elements of Jimmy's game. He's so intuitive in terms of the way he moves that has fit in Golden State really seamlessly. Yeah. And he also just in staggering him and Steph a little bit, it gives the Warriors something to do and like they were really lacking that.


Yeah, when Steph was off the floor, it's like, what do we run? I guess Brandon PKI is gonna dribble for 18 seconds there. There was way too much of that happening. And Jimmy Butler, if nothing else, orients them to, okay, this is a, this is an actual first option even if he's not pounding the air out of the ball. It's also a team that when Minga comes back becomes even more interesting because now they'll have multiple things to look at. They could ride him. There's some Butler Minga stuff already. I dunno if you've seen it. Little hint. I might take this guy under my wing. Okay. Little mutual admiration Society stuff maybe. Maybe I'll take him to Jimmy Butler grad school, not teach him the stuff from the last year of Miami. But the, the first couple years, one of the things that's been so much fun to watch with these Golden State games is just having Butler back as an invested, happy, engaged guy on the sidelines doing like fist bumps, just super competitive agro and not looking like he just lost his dog and that he's wants to just walk off the court.


So I'm glad to have him back. Yeah. Even in the game. So Jimmy Butler is one of the best contested rebounders in the league. Yeah. In terms of just the overall effort he puts in and how he goes after it. Even against Bigs. And if we're gonna talk about like how Golden State makes a run or how they hold it together, how they challenge some of these other elite Western conference teams. A big part of that is Jimmy Butler makes the version of Small Ball they play make a lot more sense. Like he, yeah, Moses Moody has been a thing for a while now, but the Moses Moody minutes make even more sense when you put him at Jimmy Butler. Minga Iss gonna be a little different just 'cause they are a little bit duplicative. They're gonna be a little trickier to play together. Especially if Draymond is also on the floor. Like that's, that's a, it can jam up a little bit too much.


Yeah. And I'm curious to see what Kerr does with that. How he tries to separate those guys if at all in the rotation. 'cause they're gonna have to play a lot. And Dallas in the first half of last night's game tried to use the Draymond Jimmy Lack of shooting from deep thing against them. And then Gold State figured that out. They went with a small ball thing. Dallas didn't have their centers last night so it's hard to make too much out of it. But they went small, I guess Jimmy was the, was the four. And then they had Moody and Zeki and Curry with Draymond and it was fun. They were like cusing around and it was old school Draymond. Here's the thing I'm watching with them and I've been watching this for a while And I really started thinking about it with The Ringer 100 with that exercise of just trying to rank the best players against each other.


And Curry was just a blind top seven, top eight guy. I'm not positive he's there anymore And I don't know where he is interesting in the top 20. But that the, there's two things I've noticed. One is the consistency of being great. Just doesn't seem there. He's become a once a week. I'm awesome guy. He doesn't have the great kick-ass games that he used to have. Yeah. And I actually went through And I was, I just looked at two things. 'cause this is hard to kind of quantify. How do you, how do you measure somebody's ceiling as a great player versus where it's been the last 10 years. He's 36 years old. You can look at all the counting stats. They're down a little bit, but not like too much.


Hmm. But the thing that was interesting to me, so in 2016, his second MVP season, he had 1340 plus point games. And then if you go on basketball reference that weird game score thing, they have that. I think I mostly like it's, at least it's something it, you know, if you're, if you're in the high twenties or higher, that means something good happened with the game you played. So he had, It's a PER of box score stats, right? Yeah. It's, it gives you a general indication that something is up. It's that you did a bunch of things well in the same game at and kind of an unusually high level. So about 29 is a really nice game score on basketball efforts.


Again arbitrary. Yeah. But he had 24, 29 plus games from a game score standpoint in 16. This season he has three, this season he has zero 40 point games. So even if you go back to 2022, he had seven 40 point games in their final season. He had, he had 10 29 plus game score games in 23 he had 1329 plus game score. The point is like every once in a while Steph Curry was like, we're not losing tonight. I'm Steph Curry, I'm just gonna have an awesome game. And that's really not what I'm seeing from him in the same way this year. And I wonder if it changes after the All Star break or is this just who he is at age 36? I don't know the answer.


What do you think? I suspect having Jimmy will help with some of that and just from an overall workload perspective, j Jimmy and COO coming back will lift some of what is on step right now. Ultimately though, I think that is who he is at this point in his career. I don't think he's gonna have those singular scoring outbursts all the time. But the good news for the, for Golden State, I don't think the rest of the league is entirely caught up to that. I don't think they will catch up to that. 'cause history tells us they don't. With Legends, right? Like you put Steph Curry on the floor, someone sees him, they're gonna freak out. And that's why virtually, regardless of how many points Steph actually scores, he has a massive, massive on court impact in terms of the offensive production.


Like he is not at a yoic level 'cause Yoic is really in a class unto, like unto himself there. But with Shea, right, like with, with the other really high level offensive operators in terms of the difference of having him on the court, even when he's not hitting consistently, even when he is not going for 35 or 40 points, he just scares the hell out people. And I think that part will always be true even if Steph is 45 rolling out there. Yeah. If you're saying what Defender makes a guy who's in the paint who realizes he's open, run full speed at him, like he's running out of a cabin in a horror movie, Steph is still number one in this. The other piece of it is they had to work so hard to get him offense in the first half of the season. Yeah. With this goofy team they had.


And then he also hit the play a lot because the record wasn't that good. And I do wonder with the reset of the break and then the Jimmy piece of it and the symmetry of the offense coming into play a little bit and then Minga comes back, maybe it'll be easier for him to to, to rack it up and have the, the thing that would make him special. Were like the 16 point third quarters and just the little scoring bras. That's what's not happening anymore. And then you throw in the sloppiness, like their clutch record this year. I I think they're just like 500. Yeah. And they've lo they've blown a, a, a bunch of dumb games and by Volume they've just been in a lot of close games. Which that in itself as you're saying is taxing. 'cause it forces Steph to play more minutes to even get to that point.


The reason I think it's important, and I'm not doing the ESPN thing where it's like just a block, just talk Warriors or Lakers and that's it. That's the rule that really do think there's something here. I think there's something here with the Butler Curry Dream on thing. I kind of like the role guys And I think if they can hang around, hang around, hang around. There's a competitive kind of intuitive infrastructure that some of these other teams don't have. Like I don't trust Houston to have it. Memphis. I don't know what to make of anymore. I I just assume J'S not playing now And I turn Memphis on. It's like surprising to see him. Yeah. It's one thing after another with him and then Minnesota's a mess.


I don't try, especially when Edwards has, Edwards has had two like really, really, really awful games in row. They did win tonight at the Beat kc. But just I maybe Minnesota would be the only one I see that I could see in the conference finals. I don't think it's gonna be Dallas, OKC Denver. Is there anybody else you have on your radar to maybe make the West finals and do like what Dallas did last year? Dallas catches fire. They have that streak all of a sudden they're in conversation. Yeah. Who is that to Share? I still give Memphis a little credit in that conversation. I, I think, we'll we clearly have to wait and see what the Lakers are capable of. But at this point Denver's got the inside track and teams are gonna have to figure out not just how to out flank them but how to beat them specifically if that matchup comes on board, which is, I would say the toughest single matchup available to anyone is what do you do with Nicole Yoki right now?


'cause we're seeing Minnesota case in point tonight. OKC is a vaunted unbelievable defense. But Minnesota like has some inroads there to score against a team like that. Yeah. Na, NAS Reed is clearly a huge part of that formula. Granted like they're not playing with their usual team. Julius Randall at Rudy Goa, Mike Conley, Dante David Shinzo. And yet, and Gobert didn't play tonight either. Absolutely. They didn't have the ability, like they didn't have their normal set of players, but they found things that could work against the Thunder defense for as wonderful as it's, I don't know that there's those answers for many teams about Nicole Yoki. There's just not a lot of conceptual stuff you can throw at him that's going to work. That's not to say you can't leverage the occasional off night from Jamal Murray.


Elements of Russell Westbrook's game, parts of the back end of the rotation. Michael Porter maybe not swinging the ball as fast as, as the nuggets might like him to sometimes like there's, there's buttons to press. The nuggets are not unbeatable but they look really tough right now and they look like a really tough matchup specifically for the rest of this western conference field. Murray came back With a Pri And I did that live in Denver 55 fucking points. Yeah. We had like, we had like a heart to heart with 1100 nuggets Fans like this Murray thing is bad, like you guys, this is alarming what's happening. But the best case scenario was, ah, he just needs to play himself in shape. Yep. And he did, he played himself in shape and he, he looked noticeably skinnier within three weeks his burst came back.


The 55 point game he had this week was not an aberration. No. Like he's been blowing by people and look like Murray. So now all of a sudden those Yage 48 point games like that, those are out the window. You don't need 'em anymore. Now he's back to being the, by the end of the third quarter he's got 22 12 9 Porter's also playing better. He's playing really well. He nuggets again playing. So I dunno people like this podcast for instance, maybe, maybe overreacting to the first two months, but the Murray thing was this podcast that would never happen. The Murray thing was scary because the Paul George thing was also scary. And guess what? That continues to be completely terrifying. So you know, there was real signs of danger but Murray played himself out of it.


Yeah. To his credit, The Paul George thing is bordering on Reanimated corpse at this point. Yeah. And Jamal Murray has found some kind of life, some kind of burst And I think most importantly the edge and the aggressiveness in his game. That that's always, yeah. When, when Jamal is feeling whatever injuries he has at a given point or just a shaken confidence, he doesn't push in the way that the nuggets absolutely need him to push and to see that version of Jamal Murray back, that's a thrilling thing to see. So right now we have OKC, Memphis, Denver is the top three. Denver threatening to, to pass Memphis, Houston, Lakers and Houston just, you know, has, has not been good for a couple weeks, but they've had some injuries.


Lakers, I don't know what happens with them. 32 and 20 clippers. 30 and 23 have been confusing for about a month now they're fine. And then we move into that Minnesota, Dallas, Sacramento Golden State thing and we're gonna talk about it when we do the NBA six pack. The most notable thing is the Spurs feel like they've fallen out And I think Phoenix is not dead, but people are definitely around the table like John Ham and Landman, they're definitely around the hospital bed and maybe the doctor's like, you might wanna say your goodbye soon. Yeah. They're almost at that point. But it feels like we actually might know the 10 playoff teams now, unless you think Sacramento can fall out of this because like they had a bad loss with New Orleans tonight.


They've, they've won some goofy games. They're 2027. They honestly could be like 22 and 34. So if Phoenix was gonna catch a team, that would be the team I I I picked. But what do you think, do we have our 10 now? I think this might be the 10 and that is somewhat confidence in the Kings. More so pessimism in the sons on my part. Okay. Confidence in the kings. I mean my confidence and confidence, I think they've got some stuff to work with. Like I think they have a reasonable play in level roster as currently constructed. I agree. And there's nothing wrong with that, but there's a reason we're not gonna be talking about them in the vein that we're talking about Golden State, which is to say an actual threat potentially to do something with the talent that they have.


And we, we were talking about this on group chat today too. I dunno if it's the Jimmy Butler element specifically that makes Golden State feel like a wild card in the same way that his heat teams felt like a little bit of a wild card. It's just hard to write off and it's hard to write off looking at this golden state rotation and thinking, okay, you know what, like when, when it really matters, the Pat Spencer minutes are gonna evaporate. Right? And the quick post minutes are gonna evaporate if they have to. Like they, they're gonna get what they need outta these supporting guys, but their best players are gonna go the distance. And the question at that point will be how, how hard did Steph and Draymond and Jimmy have to push to get them into the playin or to get them into the playoff And will they have enough left from that point? You made a point earlier about Minnesota and how something about them seems comfortable against OKC.


Yeah. Which is something you couldn't really say about a lot of teams. I think that might be just a lot of length on the perimeter and interchangeable guys and just people to, to throw at SGA today was the recipe for how you beat OKC in a playoffs series where one SGA doesn't have good game. Yeah. That Always helps. And then two, they don't make a ton of threes and you know, they, they, it is a team And I guess you could say this about any team in the league, but I really feel with them when they're down like 12 and you go, I mean this is it, this is how you beat 'em. And then they win like their next 13 by an average of 20 points a game. But they can have that, you know, you, you can hit 'em with the haymaker so when they, if they're down three, two in a playoffs series on the road Yeah.


In a game like today, that's would be the recipe I think. I still don't a hundred percent trust anyone else on their team offensively except SGA and that, that's the one thing that gives me pause with like just pencil 'em in. Like they have the best odds to win the west and it's an easy pick for the finals. But that's the one thing that makes me nervous when it's really nerve wracking. Gut, gut crunch, time ball crunch time, gut, gut crunch, Nut, nut crunch I think is the expression You looking for. I just phrase gut crunch. The gut, The old gut crunch. Who, who am I going to if like Shaa has five fouls late in the third quarter And I just need somebody to get me offense for like six minutes. That's what makes me nervous with them.


The answer is probably J Dub and that's a reasonable answer. But he also doesn't exactly play that way all the time. Yeah. Like they're such a process oriented team where they're just gonna move it and go through their system and trust in the shots that they get. And I think reasonable people can disagree as to whether those shots are ultimately what you need in now. Tm, gut crunching time, I think gut crunch look They, they clearly need a little bit more as evidenced by the fact that they can occasionally put up like a 14 point fourth quarter like they did against Minnesota today. That's not gonna do it. Even in a game like this where you have a bit of a deficit you're working back from to begin with, it's an area where you hope over time JW grows into that responsibility.


Chet Homegrown new, I think played his third game since coming back from injury tonight. Yeah. He will grow into that responsibility over time. Hopefully he looks quite rusty understandably right now. So he's gonna get better and better over the back part of the season. But that's the wild card with them. And I think if they don't do as well in the playoffs as they would've liked or as many of us would've anticipated, a lot of us are gonna be wondering, wa was there a lever to pull there in terms of getting more of a spark plug score at the deadline? Not someone who has to be a part of your permanent, like a fixture in Oklahoma City a a pillar of the community, but could you not get a guy who could get a bucket on demand when you maybe really needed it? We talked about a little last week, I'm in the camp, they're playing so well and they look, look so good and Wiggins especially, that was the spot you would've improved.


But he was just playing really well, you know, and it's like he Was balling out, he was scoring in bunches. Yeah. So, alright, we trade Wiggins and contracts and a few of our picks to try to get Deandre Hunter. Are we even better? Wiggins was playing really well. Yeah. We'd rather pay Wiggins like a much smaller contract or Hunter 18 million year. I can see why they, they just, they, they always value the continuity and it's one of those things that if it's in May and they lose them round two, we're like, why didn't they make a trade? I know I told you, but You're right. Like it's hard to look at a roster winning 80% of its games and being like, yeah, you should have done something. Like they're doing a lot every night to beat basically every opponent put in front of Them and a close team too. That really seems like that's, that's where even the Cavs messing with what they have, it gets a little dangerous when you have a team that like clearly likes each other.


For sure. Dallas is the only other, other team. Just quickly, who knows when Davis comes back the way Kyrie has played and kind of, I I mean this is like one of the great one eighties we've had by an athlete, the Kyrie the last two years where I think he senses the moment in the city of Dallas and the press conferences, the, the interviews that he's given the way he's played where he's like, no, no, I got this. Come come over here. Like don't, don't abandon the ship yet. If they can get Davis back in time And I don't know if they can. Yeah, but if they, if they can, it is an interesting team.


You know, they have size, they have length, they have defense and the fans who seem like they were gonna revolt against this team even three days ago, like, I don't know, they were into the game today. They were cheering those guys and you know, I, so they're kind of, I guess over here on this side, depending on where they land right now they are, yeah, 30 and 26, but no Davis for at least a month. So they'll be somewhere between eight to eight to 10 I would say in the plan. Right. I would think and look the win over Golden State yesterday, massive, massive game. Huge in terms of playing applications. But yeah, they need Davis back and more importantly, they just need a big a, a single a able-bodied big who is not m max prosper on stilts.


Like they just need somebody in that spot to do big man things and credit to them for getting, by the way they have credit to them for winning tonight. Not only under the circumstances missing all these bigs missing Anthony Davis, but Kyrie didn't play in this game either, but his spirit lived on and Dante Exem and they beat the heat and Dallas just kind of keeps on marching right now. It's been, it's been very impressive to see the way they've rallied. They beat a heat team that just looks mediocre every night now it just looks like it's the, the end of the one. I I'm thinking about the gut crunch. It's like a nineties exercise machine like I'm doing. I'm doing it. Yeah. You got gut crunch right now. Call now it's half off. We're gonna take a break and then we're gonna rip off an NBA six pack.


This episode is brought to you by Michelob Ultra. Michelob Ultra. A superior light beer and the ultimate trophy win or lose. You're bound to enjoy the ride with a good beer in hand. Make low ultra crisp, refreshing only 95 calories, a superior light beer. Good time to enjoy an ultra Rob this weekend. There's no basketball and God only knows the All Star Weekend can go in into different direction. Just relax. Yeah. You don't have to worry about watching 15 games at once. Just relax. Do whatever you do on the weekend. Have an ultra, no matter the game sporter, season superior is worth playing for. Always be prepared for a win in order. Michelob Ultra today available on DoorDash. By the way, enjoy responsibly 2025 Anheuser-Busch Michelob Ultra Light Beer. St. Louis, Missouri must be 21 plus to order alcohol, alcohol available only in select markets all Rob, it's time.


It's time for a special part of today's episode brought to you by MLO Ultra, a superior light beer and not just because it's great tasting. Michelob Ultra is also getting fans closer to the game with ultra courtside. It lets you sign up for a chance to win signed merch, courtside seats and other one of a kind experiences. Wish one of them was go out with big Ws for the night in la Just visit mlo ultra.com/courtside MLO ultra superior is worth paying for. Speaking of superior, let's unpack six major things going on in the basketball world right now.


We have to start with the 76 ERs. So I was thinking big splash teams in the last 25 years that just ended up being disappointing. Going back to post lockout the 1999 rockets. Yeah. When they put Barkley and Pippin and it came together and they were like, look at this. And then it was bad the 2004 Lakers, even though they made the finals, that was still kind of disappointing the way it ended. But tho the big ones, 2013 Lakers with Dwight and with Nash. Now, now This is gonna be fun. Not fun. Wasn't very Fun. The pro the Proov Nets post kg trade with PE and Joe Johnson and Darren Williams and Proov, just these, oh my God.


He's going to basically do what the Dodgers just did in baseball. Didn't happen. Mm. 2019 Celtics after they made the Eastern finals without Kyrie, Kyrie came back, Hayward came back. Tatum, Jaylen Brown, I think I went on Jaylen and Jacoby's ESPN show and predicted them to win in the mid sixties. That did not happen. The 22 Lakers with LeBron and AD and New Edition Russell Westbrook. Sure. They ended up winning 33 games and then the, the Nets after the foot on the line season, of course the KD Kyrie Harden thing. Where does the Sixers just sucking? They're 20 and 34.


Where does this rank on the, I can't believe this is happening scale for you because there were some signs. Yeah, it, it's hard because there are the precursors. I don't think any of us were fully trusting Joelle and Beat's Health coming into the season. Certainly Paul George has given us reason to be dubious about his long-term ability to stay on the court. But I I would never have anticipated that basically every single thing that could go wrong has gone wrong at all. Every bright spot that has emerged in the rotation short of Gershon Yabu, which I'm not trying to jinx him, wrap him in bubble wrap, protect Shan at all. Cause Please, yeah. Every Other bright spot in the rotation has been snuffed out by injury, by circumstance. Like nothing is working and that's hard, hard to predict clearly, but also hard to wrap your mind around like how so many things could go wrong at one time.


Yeah. So there were, there was some Paul George stuff that came out today from Shams that yeah, he had a, a screwed up finger tendon on his left hand. He's getting injections for it I'm sure, I'm sure that's true. But it, it doesn't explain the fact that he looks just slower and more plotting and doesn't seem to have nearly the same burst and just seems like not only a step slow but a second slow. Yeah. And is processing And I don't know how that's the left hand tendon thing. I don't get it. I I don't think it is. Yeah, I mean we can kind of parse those things out 'cause there is the step slow thing as well, right? Like you're not getting past Zaire Williams against the Nets.


That's a problem. Right. That's a problem on a, on a game, in a game where Joellen beat is not playing Tyrese, Maxey is not playing. This is your moment to do some of this and you make one shot and worse you attempt seven horrible, horrible game for Paul George. All of that said, I have found myself at many points in the season being a bit of a Paul George apologist. Oh And I look that those days are, are very much behind me at this point. But the case for that apology, the defense of Paul George throughout much of the most of the season has been a defense of the little things that he brings to the table. Right. It's orienting the offense, it's being an adult on the court when they've badly needed it. It's spacing the floor, it's keeping the ball moving good connecting stuff, but role player stuff.


And at some point, if you're doing all the role player stuff and you're failing every time you're asked to be a star, we have to call you what you are and it's a $50 million role player and that's a, a very tough position for the Sixers to find themselves at the very outset of this deal. He hasn't helped himself with some of the comments either. No. Like when he complained about playing the five he, there hasn't been a lot of, I'll do whatever it takes to win games. If they need me to play there, I'll play there. It's just, it, there's a lot of like basic, you have to look at how the outside world is looking at you stuff with him that just seems to be missing. A Sixers should know never to say that they're bored doing something like playing the five because the life as a six will be very interesting very quickly in ways that you do not want.


Well the biggest thing they got was the Eagles had a playoff run and won the Super Bowl. That's very true. And they, with Curtis And I talked about it on Thursday, the this rarely seen Super Bowl news dump after they won when they were like, Hey Embiid might get surgery again. We don't know where this is going. Yikes. And they just snuck that one out under the dead of night. But I think if, if Philly had been knocked down in round one the Eagles and then you know, people really had a chance to stare at the six er season with the kind of season Maxis having or is must averaging 28 a game. Ya they really lucked out with that. And they're still, they're 20 and 34. They're six and 14 in their last 20, in that last 20 they have the 23rd net rating. So they've just been a bottom 18 for, you know, a good 40% of the season here.


They've only gotten 17 games from Indeed and yet they're only two a game and a half behind Chicago for the 10 seat in Chicago doesn't wanna keep winning. Well, so they might, they might stumble in anyway. I I don't know if Chicago wants to keep winning or not because their roster would tell you that they don't. Yeah. The public comments would tell you that they're attempting to, so I I really have no idea what to make of any of that other than the fact that, look, the play in crop in the East is an absolute joke. Like it, it is teams that are either too hurt to compete, don't have the resources to actually be good teams yet, or in Philly's case a little of both. Like they, they just are not in a competitive place by any stretch of the imagination.


Quentin Grimes should not be your best player. Like that is not a thing that should be happening. Justin Edwards should not be playing 30 minutes in a game. That's not, that's not where the Sixers ever anticipated this going, but it's the reality that they now have to navigate. Orlando is 27 and 29 in the seven seed and they haven't been happy with their team for two months. No, Atlanta is 26 and 29. They're the eight seed they made two like borderline dump trades, the Hunter trade and the Bog Donovan trade. Those are trades you make when you don't care where your season is going. They can't really dump 'cause they don't have their first round pick. But, and then you have Miami at the ninth seed, 25 and 28 who just look, you know, I think they'd be maybe the second worst team in the west.


Would you, would you rather be Miami or Portland right now? Portland is tough because they are winning themselves out of the tank race at the moment. Yeah, I love it. So their, their future is tough and, and we should say Philly's future in terms of their first round pick, which they may or may not be able to actually keep is looking dicier by the minute I Oh They have to be very careful they don't accidentally lose that pick at this point. I wanna audible to that as the second thing of the, of the six pack. But before we do the the MB thing, do we see him again? He's played 17 games, does he play 20? We should not see him again like tethered to this conversation. Like they should be actively looking at shutting Paul George down, shutting him, beat down, managing these injuries over the back part of the season.


It's time to regroup. Like this is not gonna resolve itself. And even if you could limp into the play in and even limp into the playoffs, that is not a success for this version of this team. Like being an easy out in the first round is not success for the Sixers. So at this point lean into the like sear into the skid, lean into the failure live to fight another day. Frankly The problem is making the playoffs Embiid could never play 14 games in four weeks. It's never happening. So even if you like miraculously won both playing games, I don't know where that's getting you. All right. The second thing you mentioned the draft pick OKC gets Philly's first after the top six. So Philly keeps it first six spots.


If it's the seventh pick OOKC gets it. But this is one of many things. This is the all time, what the hell is happening in the first round thing? It's bad shit It's, it's either 15 or six. There's so many teams, there's a couple things I can't even really figure out who gets to pick. Yeah so it's about half the league OKC gets Phillies first after top six. They get Utah's first after the top 10 if it's outta the top 10. But Utah's probably gonna keep that pick. Miami gets gold states first if it falls out of the top 10, I think that's probably happening. Atlanta gets Sacramento's first if it falls outta the top 12, I think that might happen. The Knicks get traits first if it falls outta the top 13.


I think that's happening. So we already have four teams that are gonna give their pick somebody else OKC gets Miami's first if they don't make the playoffs basically. So that's 50 50. We'll see. Yeah then we have San Antonio gets Atlanta's first. Utah gets Minnesota and Cleveland's first the Pelicans get the Lakers first. Brooklyn gets New Orleans first. Milwaukee's first and the Knicks first. I think that's right. Does Brooklyn get new New Orleans first? I Don't think they get New Orleans. That's right. I think they just get Milwaukee and And Knicks. Yeah. Alright I'm gonna take that one out. Brooklyn gets Milwaukee's first to Dicks first. Keep it in the air. Orlando gets Denver's first and then we have this trade where okay C can swap and get the best pick from the quips or Houston.


Their choice. Yes. Houston could take the second best pick and swap it to Brooklyn for Phoenix's first Phoenix. Phoenix I guess loses the pick either way and then the quips get the worst of all of those. I'm gonna figure out that sequencing in about a month. Yeah We need a visual aid. We need somebody to come up with a flow chart. All of those picks I laid out. What is the most alarming to you for the team losing the pick? Oh great question. Atlanta. The Atlanta ones are bad because it, it dramatically changes how they navigate their roster, what they're doing for the foreseeable future. It's on the one hand I think it can be silly sometimes when teams like the Bulls who were so protected they were probably gonna keep their own pick anyway go out of their way to trade to get their own pick back.


Yeah it can be silly but there is so much more freedom and flexibility as a franchise when you do own your own picks because the second they're out the door, the second you lose control of when you start the clock and when you start to rebuild and when you start to reboot and that's how you get into these weird lost seasons where you're sort of languishing either in the middle of the standings or just outside the playin, accomplishing basically nothing but also losing lots of games and not getting any draft capital to result from it. The Atlanta ones feel really, really rough right now. One thing I was thinking with all the OKC things in play, look let's say they get the seventh pick from Philly. Yeah. And let's say they get Miami's pick 'cause Miami's a playoff team and then they have their own pick.


Yeah. And then they can also swap with the Clippers or Houston. So that's a middle. So they'll have four picks. They'll have have three. They'll have their own three. Oh yeah you're right. Yeah. Three including Philly's pick which could be in the 7, 8, 9 range. Yeah. But then they have all these other picks 'cause they have a million Cajillion picks. Yep. And we've been watching this going, what are they gonna do with all these picks? They already like the roster, they only have a couple spots anyway. Could this be the year that they take that seventh, eighth, ninth Philly pick if that's the pick add like eight picks to it and just say give us Cooper flag, here's the all time mother load of picks. Like let's say Charlotte gets the first pick and they could just trade back like six spots outta the Cooper flag spot and just get a war chest of the, the all time most picks ever in a trade from OKC just to move back six spots.


You'd have to have like a four hour meeting about that. I feel like Cooper flag's really good. Yep. I love him. I'm probably the highest on him out of out of, you know 'cause he is a big intangibles guy And I know I'm gonna overreact as we get closer to June. But you'd have to really think about it 'cause it's not a win Bama pick. And if you're okc, I think you would also have to really think about it because what the thunder need more than anything are cost control players really good players on cost controlled salaries. Their roster's about to get very, very expensive very, very quickly. If you could have four cost control years of Cooper flag as you are contending with the rest of this roster. I I'm, I'm hesitant to say this 'cause we haven't seen Cooper Flag play in the NBA yet. If he is as good as advertised that he might be the single most attractive piece to the thunder for exactly that reason.


Stretch four runs the floor, Three good ball skills, Incredibly competitive, doesn't need the ball Checks out. Yeah. And I, And I know whoever gets the first pick wouldn't wanna trade in but there's a price for everything and there's a price to make you go holy shit. Like yeah you are gonna offer me 220 cents in the dollar for this pick. But I honestly think that's what OKC has to do. Here's the The thing though, if that pick does convey and OKC gets Philly's pick six teams will have 20 picks in the first round between them okc, one of them Brooklyn will have three picks. The Spurs, the jazz, the magic, the Wizards will all have two picks. That is an incredible consolidation of of draft capital.


And I, I don't know who ends up keeping a lot of those picks and who ends up moving them on 'cause they're clearly valuable for all of these cost controlled reasons we've just talked about. But if, if to just help you visualize at home as you're listening to, to us list off all of these swaps and protections and picks that may convey basically every single pick from 18 to 30 is gonna go to a different team. Right. Except for Indiana's pick and Boston's pick. That's it. Every other pick is probably gonna change hands and that's insane. Yeah. And I don't even know how they fix it and Adam Silver should not be the one explaining who gets what. They should maybe like hire Bobby Marks just for three hours as like his assistant just to be over on the side just laying out whatever Do the touchscreen.


Like we, we gotta, we have to raise, pick, swap literacy around the country at this point because this is becoming an epidemic. Well KC in San Antonio. San Antonio is the other team. Like if Atlanta's pick miraculously gotten the top four. Yeah. And it got to like four San Antonio would have enough assets to really try to climb three picks. So it'll, it'll come down to how generationally I think Cooper flag is and you know, I don't think he's in the Weby Anthony Davis shirt thing class. You really not have to believe in some other stuff. I personally think there's no way he misses 'cause how competitive he is. But you know, he is six, seven and a half. There's things you could to me he's the perfect stretch for. But we'll see. All right.


Next thing on the six pack. Speaking of the draft, the Brooklyn Nets, the team that just won't tank the team that has players telling reporters, Hey we're gonna try to keep winning games if you don't like it, don't root for us. Which I love. So they're 20 and 34. They're one and a half games beyond Chicago for the 10 seed, which is tied with Philly. But does it feel the same as Philly to you, Rob? Not, Not even a little bit. They have a great coach. They, they made the mistake of they kept Cam Johnson and Nick Claxton but they also have dlo on the, I'm so happy not to be on the Lakers anymore. I'm gonna go nuts. Yeah. They're six and one in their last seven, they're defense held all seven opponents to under a hundred seventh net rating over that time.


They bought out Ben Simmons, they traded Schroder and they traded Finny Smith and yet they're still hanging around And this was not the plan. They made a trade with Houston, I'm sorry with Houston to try to get their picks back and give them Phoenix picks and they were gonna tank. Now, I don't know, they might make the playoffs. What would you do if you were running Brooklyn? Oh fake. Think of fake injury or think of playoffs. I think go for it. Honestly, I think go for it. I it it's always tough in these positions and yes I understand the long-term arguments but I'm with you that I am moved by the enthusiasm of the team. I I am moved by the amount of backbone they've been playing with lately and ultimately yeah.


Particularly how good they've been on defense. This is a team that's like playing a pretty deep rotation, really high energy style forcing a lot of turnovers. They can't score for shit even now. But they get a lot of stops and they play with a lot of effort. And ultimately, here's the thing I say you encourage the guys to go for it and they ultimately will probably, probably lose a lot of games anyway but you didn't pull the rug out from under them. Right. I think that's where you start to lose credibility with the players on your team is when you start actively sabotaging their efforts to win just for the sake of the lottery. But if there's a way to let them run themselves out. And I look, if you look at the teams that they've, they've beaten at this recent stretch of games where they've been so successful, it's not exactly been amazing.


Yeah. They will lose games against better teams eventually. But like let them find their spine, let them find their style and ultimately like what can be successful for them and like, let Nick Claxton wake up a little bit. 'cause you had a bit of a slow start to the season. Like these are meaningful developments for a team like Brooklyn. I saw this happen a decade ago with Brad Stevens and the Celtics and we were all going nuts 'cause we wanted them to lose. But ultimately, like you do build some sort of a weird DNA that you didn't just roll over. Which brings me to the next person on my six pack list or next team Charlotte who has achieved Peak tank. I don't know if you've looked at their box course.


They tried to trademark Williams and couldn't get rid of him and now I guess he is just in limbo as they fight about whether that trade was legal or not. Yeah. Brandon Miller had surgery, which is too bad. They signed Alfred Peyton and Taj Gibson and both of them are playing well. Basically both of them are playing extra minutes. They have to play. Yeah. Yeah. Like there's not really another option. They did, they took on IC in a salary dump and IC is now found his destiny where, you know, he'll have like a 27 rebound game where they still lose by 28. And then they also have Lamella Ball who's one of the great great stats bad team guys of the last 30 years. I thought it was hilarious that people are like, oh, I didn't even get left outta the Allstar game.


He just jacks up shots and they lose. He's not an Allstar. That's Unkind, I think is better than that. I think he's better than that. Was that a offensive Ella ball? I'm, look, I'm willing to go out on that particular limb. Like I, I think Lalo is, look, he is on another planet in terms of some of the things he chooses to do, but has a facility with the game that not many guys have. And ultimately is basically the only reason the hornets have been anything close to solve and at any point in this season. So he doesn't have a lot to work with when he is out there. Bigger concern for me, in addition to all of his habits and kind of the, the judgments he makes on the court, clearly just like that cursed ankles, tough injury history. If, if he's never gonna be consistently healthy, how is he gonna consistently grow as a creator and that that's a problem for a player like him?


Would you wanna play with him for six months a year? Be honest. Do you wanna be, would you wanna be his small forward? Would you wanna be Brandon Miller? Do I, would I wanna play with anyone under the age of 25? I think the answer's probably no. Like there is a stylistic difference between us. This is the only team I really like. Charles Lee. I think he's a good coach. He's the only team I don't want Cooper Fike to go to. Mm. See I think he and lame could run beautifully Together. Oh, I don't know. Anyway, they're, they're in a position to get 'em. They certainly are. They're working it.


This episode is brought to you by vrbo, private vacation rentals with vrbo. You always get the whole house so you and your fellow fans can cheer on your team in peace. What's worse than watching a game with somebody who's not rooting for the same team? You're rooting for nothing. But that's why if you book a vacation house with vrbo, you know all the people in your house, they'll be friends, they'll be family. Ideally, they'll be the ones who also root for my teams. Plan a winning vacation. Make it a vrbo.


This episode is brought to you by LinkedIn In basketball, a blockbuster trade can make or break your playoff run before the deadline. GMs across the league scour for the right data and insights, hope their moves pay off. February 6th trade deadline this year, by the way, just like in basketball, growing your small business in 2025 all comes down to how well you can build your team. That starts with better insights from LinkedIn with unique skills and interests to the connections you have in common. LinkedIn has the strongest hiring data and insights to help you identify the right professionals so you can make the best hiring decisions. LinkedIn pairs you with the high quality candidates you need to make your business grow and flourish. LinkedIn also lets you go beyond candidates who are actively applying in a given week. 171 million LinkedIn members aren't actively seeking jobs, but they're open to new opportunities Who isn't? That's a big pool of people you don't wanna miss out on. And who knows, one of them could be your next all star player. So hire smarter in the new year. Find your next great hire on LinkedIn. Post your job for free at LinkedIn dot com slash simmons. Once again LinkedIn dot com slash simmons to post your job for free terms and conditions. Apply


next one on the six pack, these Chicago Bulls putting together the finishing pieces of an Epic 10 year run, starting in the 15, 16, season 42 and 40, 41 and 41, 27 and 55, 22 and 60 22 and 43, 31 and 41 46 and 36 in the 22 season. Yeah. Feisty lost in the first round 40 and 42, 39 and 43, 22 and 33 with a chance to make the plan. Again, this is Reinsdorfs like manifest destiny. Just to to to not pay the luxury tax. Yep. To be somewhere near the plan.


To not actually be a threat. To not really have a direction. It's like are they tanking? Are they like they resigned Lonzo Ball, they could have traded him for a first round pick that came out now they kept him. They have Giddy, they have Kobe White, kind of like Zeus, Chevi Vic is still there. Yeah, they overpaid Patrick Williams. I don't know what this team is. They don't either. And this is just what we're doing in the third biggest city in America Rub. Apparently it's, I I, I get from that 10,000 foot perspective why Reinsdorf is the guy who comes up. I don't wanna give our urist carves too much cover here because I feel like Nico Harrison has done him an incredible favor.


Patrick Dumont has done him an incredible favor taking a lot of the air space of the NBA right now. And I think it, yeah, it just kinda slid under the radar that after the deadline, Carius went up there, had his press conference and explained that there are three different ways to build the championship team. You can have two stars on it. You can have three stars on it, or you can have nine or 10 very good players. Yeah. First of all, that has literally never happened before. No team is one of championship with nine or 10 very good players. Not a thing. Also, what qualify isn't a very good player a star. I, I don't know what threshold he is talking about, but What's, what's better than very good. Like great. Well let's talk about that. If it is, even if that were true, even if that were what the Bulls are trying to do, how many players on their current roster are very good or even like pretty good.


I Kobe White. I don't think they have one very good player. I don't think Kobe White's very good. I think he's good. He's probably the closest theoretical Alonzo Ball might be the closest. We hope Manas Elli can be that voch some nights I Very good to me is like if my, if my son came home from school And I said, how did your history test go? And he said Very good. Okay. I'm thinking that's like an A very good. It's like really positive. Yeah. There are no a minus players on this roster. No, I'm not even sure that like, this is a roster that is scraping for solid BB minus talent right now. And it it, to the extent that it's there, it's probably years away from developing.


They got nothing from Levine. They have no extra first round capital other than this weird protected first rounder they have from Portland that they'll probably never get, they have an absentee landlord as an owner. I, I think I would take every single team in the east future over theirs. Yeah, you would. So you would take Charlotte's, you would take Philly Cs. You're talking about you throw Brooklyn, the Brooklyn picks. Yep. Even Philly, I have Maxi And I have, you know, hopefully some tradable assets and maybe in Beatle come back. Maybe I could turn in beat to something. I would rather have every other roster in the east over Chicago's. I don't even know what their number one asset is. What a day for the Wizards, you know, they, they had to win something eventually they won your heart.


At least relative to the Chicago Bulls. Congratulations to the was Wizards. I think Jordan Pool's probably better than anyone in the Bulls Season, I thought is the darkest sentence that I've ever heard someone say Jordan. Jordan Pool. And It might true. I think it's true. I think it's true, but it's very Cool. I thought somebody should have traded for him. We talked about it last week. I I actually think he's really figured some shit out and he's at least done it on a big stage before. But George Pool had an exceed valley and sar. Oh yeah. Carrington. And they've got guys, they're okay. They're gonna have cap space. I want, I'll do credit to Jordan Pool has had an exceedingly normal NBA season. Yeah. And for him, for a guy that talented, that's a huge step forward. If I was a Chicago Bulls fan, I would be losing my mind Rightly so.


They're in the third biggest city in America. The Celtics are about to sell far between six and six and a half billion. So the bulls are worth somewhere around there. Why can't they just sell the team if they're not gonna run it correctly? Like great question. How long can you live off the Jordan and how long can you be like, oh man, if D Rose didn't get hurt in round one. Oh man, that was 13 years ago. I know. Last one on the six pack you wanted to talk about the sons who have a net rating in their last 15 games of 18th, who in their last 58 games, including the playoffs are 26 and 32, who tried to trade Kevin Durant for about a week before they told him or his agent or his manager that that was even happening.


And now it's like, yeah, this summer they're probably gonna trade kd. This is, this is grim. What are you seeing? It's not as loud or as dramatic as what's going on in Philly. And so yeah, they get the lead in terms of the, like the dumpster fire power rankings here. I just, it's so disappointing to see the suns in such disarray quietly sucking all this year and seeing none of the primary stakeholders of that team do a single thing to fix it. Mm. And I, This Isn't ultimately like a sick second apron problem or a no trade clause problem. Like those are obstructions, right? In terms of Phoenix get making its roster better.


They're not obstructions for anyone on this team playing into the ball on defense. They're not obstructions for anyone on this team fighting for a rebound. They're not obstructions most crucially to finding some semblance of offensive flow for a super talented team on paper. Like I know there is a worse than the sum of its parts thing happening here. 'cause basically none of the parts compliment each other at all. It's just a lot of guys in their individual lanes not making each other better. And that is really a really tough watch for people like us at this stage in the season. I just don't get the sense that anyone involved in it particularly participating in that offense either or participating in this season. And so it's so disjointed, it's so unpleasant.


I really dislike where the Phoenix Suns find themselves. And I I I don't wish this on any of them. This is just who they've been. Well the problem is they had a certain coach last year that they made the scapegoat for everything. Yes. Frank Vogel who won the 2020 title, they brought in Coach Bud. Completely different philosophy. He's gonna unleash these guys offensively and they're even worse. But to me it's a talent problem. I was, I was looking, I look right around this time where you have like, like I would say OKC, Boston and Cleveland are the three best teams, right. In some order. And then you think like they probably have the best rosters, the nine main rotation. Who would you take on a team like Phoenix?


How many of their guys, other than the top two would even play for one of the top three teams? So that would be either Beal. Yeah, he Would, I think Beal would play off the bench for at least Boston and Cleveland. I don't know about OKC maybe. Who's he playing over? No, he, He Would play who's, who's playing over. They Need somebody like him. That's, that's Sort of So you've give him Isaiah Joe's minutes. Sure. Yeah. So I giving, I'm, I feel fine giving Bradley be Isaiah Joe's Minutes. Okay. So he's in the seven, eight or ninth man range for the top three teams Fair. Maybe sixth on the right roster. Okay. Given the beat maybe first guy off the bench. Okay. First Guy off the bench. I would still rather bring Pritchard off the bench beforehand, but that's just me.


Grace and Allen or Royce O'Neill, do they play for any of the top three teams in the top nine of their rotations? I mean this is kind of the Tory Craig corollary. 'cause doesn't, didn't he just like, just kind of crack into Boston's rotation a little bit? 10th man. Yeah, I Like Royce O'Neill can do a lot of Tory Craig things. I I would say slightly better than Tory Craig on balance, grace and Allen very much an issue of how much you need his shooting and frankly this season, whether his shot is on or not. Lately it's been looking a lot better. Start the season was not there. If he's streaky, he's not very viable. So that's a huge problem in terms of high level competition. Nick Richards.


Yeah, I think you can get minutes. Maybe Boston like dda. Yeah, the random Cada game. Maybe Nick Richards said the Luke Corn that minutes I up because it's, it's just grim what Phoenix did with, with all the stuff they traded away and you know, I defended the Durant trade when it happened, or at least the idea of it even that night. None of us understood why Cam Johnson was in it. But when you're throwing in as many assets as they did, but then also paralyzing themselves to trade other picks. And I don't see you now And I don't really know what KD is worth this summer either. Yeah. See that's not like a miraculous parachute outta here. He is gonna, but that it's gonna be his 19th season next year. What are you, what are you, what are you getting for him?


Are you getting like Jalen Green and a two A first and a Proti? I don't, I don't know. Like what are you actually getting for Kevin Durant at this point in his career If that's how this comes. He's got one year left in his deal That's even worse than this. Frankly, if it, like that's the hard thing about interrogating Kevin Durant trades is the packages feel more depressing. Right. And the fact, I think the packages also force you to confront what the, you as an organization in the Phoenix Suns have done with Devin Booker's career. A player who had to come into his zone, who took his time, who grew as a playmaker, who grew as a creator, who to be totally fair is not having an amazing season by his standards. But a good enough one a, a good enough Devon Booker season and if you use that whole period of time and you have one trip to the finals in a somewhat weird western conference field, right.


And that's it. That like, that's, that's the primary like feather in the cap of the Devon Booker era. That's Really sad, honestly for, for a star who's had this kind of long lasting relationship with the team, like you would hope that he, a player like that would be rewarded with better. How many teams did Luca fuck up during his career in the maps? Yeah, sons definitely that game seven definitely like was a, some sort of weird kiddos with the sons. Yep. The Minnesota, the fact that they beat Minnesota I think led to, I don't know if they trade towns, if they make the Finals, probably not. Then Dallas themselves, that's another one.


Right. So there's already, there's three with the blood on his hands. Yeah. The Phoenix thing feels like a wrap. We have not heard a lot from mish beel lately. No. There are no fixes. And then they're in a conference where this can't happen. Where you're gonna have San Antonio coming. Yeah. K C's already there. Yo cage you going down the line. It's like there's, this is it. They Have the toughest remaining strength of schedule of any team in the league from this point. I don't, they're not gonna make, Well the sad thing is Brooklyn had a few of those picks that they gave back to Houston to get their pick back so they could tank and now they're not even tanking correctly, but they, those Phoenix picks are looking pretty juicy. Yeah. Before we wrap up the six pack San Antonio, when did they throw the, the flag into the season?


They're just far enough away that you could talk me into it. What, what does Throwing in the flag look like? Some re some weby rest management. Hmm. Some weby, Hey, we need to sit him down for three games. We were worried about some fake tendonitis and some fake part of his body. I'm not sure Kind of thing. I'm not sure they need to do that. I I think they're gonna be, again, perfectly fine coasting out losing some of these games now. Now if the Fox thing catches on in such a huge way where it's unavoidable, then yeah, maybe you have that discussion. But part of trading for Deer and Fox is accelerating at least a little bit. And I think ultimately their position is not so much tethered to their own pick.


Right. It's, it's tethered to the other draft capital that they have. It's tethered to the guys they already have on roster. So I I don't think they necessarily need to Counter. Yeah, Portland could pretty easily pass them. They could be the third worst team in the west and they would be either four, five, or six teams worse than them in the east. They could be in the six to nine range with that draft pick, which puts you in lottery mode. Not too sure. I actually really thought that they were gonna make a little bit of a run and they just can't. I I thought Boston really exposed some of the issues with them. I don't know if you watch game, that was a game. Yeah, they attacked Mby in a really unique way that I haven't seen Teams do before.


And, and just in general, it, it just looked like two different classes of teams. Yep. And then you think the Warriors got better? I don't really see the path for them. Anything else you wanna hit before we go? I think We covered a lot of it. We covered every mid to terrible team in the Eastern Conference it feels like. So we really gave the people what they want today.


Well that's it for today's six pack. But if that's not enough for you, remember mlo Botcher Quartzy can get you closer to the actual tons of different prizes. Go stock up before the next game. Enter for your chance to win at mlo butcher.com/courtside. MLO butchers peer access Courtside 2024 to 2025 sweepstakes no purchase necessary open to US residents. 21 or older begins October 1st, 2024 that already happened. Ends on July 1st, 2025, multiple entry periods. Visit michelob ultra.com/superior access slash courtside for free entry entry deadlines. I'm almost on official rules message. The data rates may apply void. Word prohibited. Enjoy responsibly 2025 Anheuser-Busch, Michelob Ultra Lapier St. Louis, Missouri.


Rob, we're both on the Prestige TV podcast doing White Lotus. Yep. I'm doing the recap with your TV wife Joanna Robinson and Mallory Rubin on Sunday nights. And then you and Joanne are doing the pre caps diving into theories on Wednesdays. You can find that on on, that's gonna be videos podcast on the prestige feed that's also on our ringer dash tv YouTube channel. What are you the most excited about White Lotus Walton Goggins this season? Always Walton Goggins, but Kerry Coon never upset to see Kerry Kon on the screen. And you haven't watched the first one yet? Not a bit. You know, I'm, I'm really looking forward to it. I'm, I'm really juiced from my personal trip to spiritual Thailand for this season. So That's the thing, you get to go on an actual vacation with the cast.


Wow. You just look, look back Carly through your tv, From your lips to Daniel X ears. Let's lock it in. Let's get that expense report filed. I'm, I'm ready to go. You Live back Carly just like nice tv, just kind of zone in. See the trees. There's a lot of monkeys. There's a lagoon. Okay. Yeah, lots of stuff. I love a lagoon. Really good. Anyway, you can hear us both on the Prestige TV pod. You can hear Rob on The Ringer NBA show on group chat as well. And you can read 'em on an excellent website called The Ringer dot com. Mahoney, good to see you. Thanks Bill.


Hey, it's Bill Simmons from The Bill Simmons Podcast and this episode is brought to you by Intuit TurboTax didn't file with TurboTax last year. That's in the past now. Taxes is getting the TurboTax app and filing your own taxes for free. If you didn't file with them last year, filed by February 28th. All tax forms all 100% free. Now this is taxes Intuit TurboTax, new filers and filers who didn't use TurboTax last year. Only must start and file your own taxes in app by February 28th. Excludes TurboTax Live full terms@turbotax.com.


This episode is brought to you by Marvel television's. Daredevil, born again Charlie Cox returns as vigilante lawyer Matt Murdoch and Vincent Donofrio as former mob boss Wilson Fisk, the darker side of Matt Murdoch is revealed when he gains a new perspective on his role as the daredevil faces an internal struggle between justice and revenge. The Devil's work is never done. Don't miss the two episode Premier of Daredevil. Born again on March 4th, only on Disney Plus.


This episode is brought to you by hookah. I've gotta talk to you guys about the Bondi nine, the new daily trainer from a hookah. The Bondi nine delivers peak plushness for everyday miles overhauled from top to bottom. They've increased the stack height and added a new premium foam midsole to deliver that soft, resilient ride that's become synonymous with the Bondi. And look, I walk a lot, I walk all around LA You need good shoes for that. These are perfect everybody. Bondi. Visit hookah.com HO k.com to learn more about the Bondi nine


Saturday Night Live premiered on October 11th, 1975, the same night as Game one of the World Series between Pete Rose's Big Red Machine and my beloved Boston Red Sox. I turned six two weeks earlier. I have one hazy memory from that shutout victory for the Red Sox in game one. It was Louis Teon teeing around the bases somehow scoring while wearing a puffy blue warmup jacket. It was amazing. Was I sleeping later that night when John Belushi declared his intention to feed his fingertips to the Wolverines? Of course I was. But the 75 Red Sox were my first favorite baseball team, and SNL eventually became one of my favorite TV shows ever for the rest of the 1970s.


SNL thrived in some alternate universe that just would not include me. We all knew about the show in school. We knew it was funny. We noticed the commercials, we knew our parents stayed up to watch it, but we couldn't sample it until fourth grade because something special happened that year. That's when best of SNL shows started popping up in prime time as fillers for NBC's canceled shows. Suddenly, the nerds, the Conehead, the wild and crazy guys, the cheeseburger guys, they all became part of our lives. Needless to say, I loved everyone. I loved everything, but I really loved John Belushi, the Samurai guy, Joe Cocker, the Chocolate Donuts commercial, the but no update monologues.


This human being actually existed every week on some show way past my bedtime. How is this fair? How could I watch more? How could I get there? We didn't have DVR YouTube or social media in 1979, as you could probably guess. Once that week SO host said goodnight, the episode vanished into thin air. The only time you would watch it again is if it was in a rerun that summer. So I was outta luck until fade intervened. That same winter my parents separated And I became an only child with an insane amount of leverage. Leverage used for self-serving proclamations. Like I don't care what my bedtime is, I'm staying up late for Saturday Live. So one of my first live SNL shows was hosted by Margot Kidder during Kidder's Brief apex between Superman and Amityville Horror.


Two movies that I like. You wouldn't remember this apex unless you're over 50 years old. But one of SNL's underrated traits as an American pop culture institution, it catches 90% of our most famous actors, actresses, and musicians at the exact point when they're precisely the most famous. Think about that. The most famous, that's SNL, the best sketch from that show. Kidder's lowest lane character through a birthday party for Bill Murray's Superman character. And she invited some various superheros to come along And I'm watching it live. I'm just sitting there waiting for my guy Belushi. And at the three minute mark, the doorbell rings, kiddo opens the door, there's Belushi Strolls in cackling, he's covered in green.


He is dressed like, oh my God, he is dressed like the incredible Hulk. And even Now you can listen for the audience laughing and clapping just at the mere sight of John Belushi because in 1979 there was no safer comedy wager in America than John Belushi is the incredible Hulk. So he ambled over to Superman, shakes his hand, screams the muck, oh, let go, let go, let go. And then later he annihilates the bathroom with an incredible Hulk poop. As everyone recoils in horror, he comes out, come on, take it easy. It's not supposed to smell like roses. I never laughed so hard in my life. This was done. This was a wrap. I had a new favorite guy. I had a new favorite show. I stayed up for a few more season four episodes and then Belushi left.


He left with Dan Arod for Hollywood. But I still watched all of season five once NBC started airing one hour, best of best in all shows on Wednesdays in the fall of 1979. Suddenly kids like me could retroactively experience every famous sketch. Did NBC realize, did they realize they were cultivated the next generation SNL diehards? Of course they didn't. This was the same year they tried it out. Super Train. There wasn't a dumber TV network that NBC in 1980, so we can call it a happy accident. But that summer I made my father bring me to two R-rated movies, caddy Shack and the Blues Brothers just to see Chevy and Murray and Bhi and Aykroyd. In that fall we bought a cumbersome BCR and SNL became part of my life for good.


Over the next five decades, the most important sketches of moments hinged on four, impossible to totally measure questions. Factor number one, what was the impact in the moment? For instance, you might have a personal history of the Wayne's World franchise that's colored by two movies in a whopping 19 SNL sketches. You heard me? They did. 19. Maybe Wayne and Garth stopped making you laugh 25 years ago. I sure hope not because we're doing Wayne's World on Monday's re watchable. That still holds up by the way. But the first Wayne Sketch happened on Leslie Nielsen's February 89 show. Not long after Mike Myers joined the cast, when he was simply the guy in the credits who had the same name as the killer from Halloween. That's how we knew him then they did Wayne's World.


Everything killed Wayne killed Garth killed the whole cable show in a basement angle killed you watched the sketch of the moment you thought, I want more of these guys do this sketch again. And for me in the moment, matters more than everything else. You know, you know with more cowbell, Barry Gibb talk show, star Trek convention, Mr. Belvedere, you always know right away with SNL. So that's factor number one. Factor number two, is the sketch still funny right now, little less important because comedy, you know, sometimes doesn't age that great. Sometimes the things we thought were funny in 1994 we don't think are as funny. Now it's also hinging on something that happened in the moment sometimes, which is like one of the last Wayne's world sketches ever, which happened in 1994, is Heather LOLer show, yet another host Apex.


And in the sketch, Wayne starts dreaming that he ended up in Melrose Place. Now this is something that would make no sense to anybody who's under 40 and can't remember Melrose Place that they watched in 2025. But in the moment was one of TV's hottest shows. Sandler parroting Billy the Pee Whipp boyfriend was the highest aha comedy, you have to believe me, everyone Desco, everyone despised that Billy character. Only the internet didn't exist yet and we couldn't properly ridicule him. So Adam Sandler spoke for everybody and that matters even if the sketch itself has an age well factor Number three, does the sketch have any belated significance that transcended the sketch itself?


Okay, here's a good example. Will Ferrell's first SNL season 19 95, 19 96, that followed the critically reviled season 20, which nearly submarine the show and left New York magazine's infamous take down cover story as its enduring legacy. How about that as a legacy that summer NBC makes a fuss. They're blowing up the cast, they're blowing up the writing staff and you had a real sense, the show is on life support, which would've been the third time in 20 years we felt that way. So season 21, Merrill Hemingway is hosting the first episode. I'm visiting my buddy Jim Grady in Connecticut and we play shuffleboard until 4:00 AM at Sam's in Portchester where I'm still the goat. One of those nights when I woke up on Sunday morning with my contact lenses still in my eyes unable to remember how I ended up on the sofa and wondering why I didn't have a blanket.


Nobody else was awake. I loaded up SNL and Jim's tv And I watched through Bleary eyes as Farrell's first big sketch comes on, get off the shed, and again, I'm hung Over is all how I could barely see. And this new cast member is jumping right off the screen at me. Who is this guy? He dragged at least four wheezy post cigarette binge cough laughs outta me. And at some point Jim heard me laughing and rolled outta bed And I immediately replayed get off the shed for him. And now Jim was saying, who is this guy? Later Pharaoh plays the husband who kept Coming up with off caller excuses to derail his wife and get her off the phone. That character was funny too. Combining the impact of those two sketches, you knew that your life in 1995 was suddenly 0.77% better with this Wolf Farrell guy you knew right away.


And two decades later get off the shed. Isn't one of Farrell's 10 funniest SNL sketches, husband excuses probably doesn't crack the top 30. But that first episode mattered. There was a new sheriff in town, you needed to start watching SO every week again. And that matters in the big scheme of things, right? So that's the third factor, the fourth factor. It's a cousin of in the moment, did you know immediately that something truly spectacular had just happened? All right, let's go back to 1975. Richard Pryor is about to host the 11th episode. They've already banked 10. SNL has already established itself as TV's most groundbreaking show. No comedy show belonged to the baby boomer generation till SNL showed up.


This is a generation that devoured Rolling Stone. They devoured their rock music. They hated Vietnam and Nixon. They revered George Carlin, Richard Pryor. They loved improv, they loved Harvard Lampoon. They despised traditional sitcoms and variety shows like Carol Burnett. They needed their own show. So after 10 episodes, Michaels Lor Michaels figures out a show to show show structure for that specific audience that barely looks different than the one today sketches. We can update music, comedy, performances, short film basically in that order. I don't think he ever intended the show to reach 30 million people some nights, but who the fucking predict this shit? So Pryor was that gener generation's hottest comedian, which meant no season one episode carried higher expectations.


Chevy Chase had already become a huge star. What happens? It becomes ESL's first Pantheon show Pryor's monologue. Predictably great exorcist parody kills Pryor and Belushi did Sam Maria Hotel and everything Peaks with Word Association, which is a sketch that pitted two of comedy's biggest stars against one another. Pryor and Chevy Chase, who's the breakout guy for season one. And thanks to a sizzling performance by Pryor, the racial tension that builds during that sketch still plays 50 years later. It's not as good set it's age well, but it's one of the most important SNL moments ever because nobody had ever tried anything like it on live television before. This was dunking from the foul line shit.


This was Dr. J in the a BA contest that was a word association. So my favorite SNL episode ever also had my favorite SNL sketch ever and my favorite musical performance ever. This was when Stevie Wonder hosted and they do this sketch called the Stevie Wonder Experience. This is eight years after prior 1983 Wonder Host, right as Eddie Murphy is doing this wicked and slightly controversial impression of him. And Eddie's a huge star at this point. And you're watching the show live and you're thinking there's no way Eddie's gonna do Stevie in front of Stevie, right? But you're secretly kind of hoping he would. So it finally happens in a sketch with Joe Piscopo who's playing an agent he brings in Stevie, who's a celebrity impersonator.


And they audition for Murphy, who's the music executive Executive. And the catch is that Stevie's character builds himself as the Stevie Wonder experience. Only he's doing a Stevie impersonation. It's horrible. And Murphy goes, no, no, no, no, you're doing it all wrong and proceeds to slip on a pair of sunglasses and the crowd goes batshit. And he does Stevie with Stevie standing right next to him. So I'm 13 when this happened, which is probably the best age to fall in love with SNL. Even though I was already in love. And you can think I'm crazy, I don't care. But the most exciting non-sports TV moments of the early eighties were this sketch Letterman taking a show to LA and having Carson as a guest, Michael Jackson singing Blue Billie Jean and doing the moonwalk on the Motown 25 special, which was amazing.


Reagan getting shot by Hinkley Roddy Piper smash in the and Jimmy SN head in the premier of thriller on MTV And I can't accept any other arguments. Anyway, Eddie brings the house down with an impression of Stevie singing Ma Sharia more. He unbelievably crushes it, kills it. Stevie's standing right there, crowd settles down Stevie Triess impersonation again and still terrible. Eddie takes over, nails it a second time, crowd settles down, scene shifts back to Stevie for one last attempt and only this time fake Stevie suddenly turns into real Stevie and he belts out an acapella version that's, you can't even describe how good it is because nobody brought a quite like Stevie in his prime.


He nails the last note and the studio erupts. Like someone made a midcourt shot to win a tournament game. If you watch the tape, Episcopal breaks character. He lets out this delighted Yelp. That's how remarkable it was. So I know he is the first bout Hall of Famer. I know he is a musical icon, but I can't imagine Stevie Wonder ever bringing the house down quite like that. And Eddie pushed him there. Of course Eddie never breaks character. He waits for the applause to die down and waits an extra second. And then he finally says, nah man, it still sucks. Huge laugh, perfect ending. One of the greatest sketches in the history of the show. And at that specific moment, you would bet anything that Murphy would be one of the biggest stars in the world someday.


But that's what made him such a unicorn by sheer coincidence, by dumb luck, an SNL show that desperately needed energy and diversity in a real star stumbled into someone basically created by God to appear on the show. So of the biggest stars in SNL history, only Eddie broke into show business on the show. He was a cast member at 19, he was the show's meal ticket by 20. He was a movie star by 21 and he was a full-fledged super duper star by 22 and headed to Hollywood for Good at 23. We will never see it again. He's the most talented SNL cast member ever. He's the only one to host a show when he was starring on it. And for that and many other reasons, I have Eddie as the SNL goat cast member and I'll fight people in a bar if they wanna come up with somebody else.


Here's the thing, only Eddie and Will Farrow could carry an entire season by themselves. This is like you're using the 2009 LeBron and the Cavs analogy. How many guys could you win 60 games with if they were the only really good guy in the team that was Eddie and Will Farrell. And that's really it. So if you're building the hypothetical goat SNL cast, I think you have to have Eddie and Farrell or I can't take the list seriously. It's non-negotiable. But what would the rest of the cast look like? Well, three things. First of all, SNL needs to move like a basketball team. You need an eight man rotation, you need one wild card off the bench, you want enough minutes for everyone. This is always the mistake the show makes over the years when they have these big fat, swollen cast. You have a 90 minute show with commercials, it's really about 67 minutes of content.


You have weekend update, you have two musical acts, so maybe five, six sketches max plus a couple update things. You don't need 17 people, you need eight, maybe nine. So we'll have the wild card, we'll have the Dion waiter spot. So that's one second the best SNL cast members can either carry a sketch or glue guy a sketch. And the glue guy thing is super important because that is what Phil Hartman was the best at. You have to be able to do both. You can't just be a one man show and in this case it's a lot like basketball. Can you take over a game? Can you set other people up? Can you play characters? Can you play the straight man? Can you sell other people? Can you do anything you want a whole cast of these people. Again, you gotta think like it's a basketball team. You want the ball to move around.


And then the third thing is I was trying to include different errors to the best of my ability. So Eddie and Farrell ran, I got seven spots left. Phil Hartman was the best glue guy in the show's history. Dana Carvey, who I think is the most underrated male cast member now, he would've thrived on any cast for the entire 15 years and was a force of nature. Same for Bill Hater. So there's five And I don't think you can leave any of them off. Eddie Farrell, Hartman Carvey hater, best female cast member ever. It's still Gilda Radner. It's not fun to say because she was on the first cast and she kind of had the title to begin with and then other people probably tried to take it from her not knowing, but she's still the best, she's the best female cast member in the history of the show.


Kristen Wig was right up there, so she's included to that seven. And I thought Maya Rudolph was the most underrated female cast member ever. She could carry any type of sketch, she could do all the musical stuff. So that would be my eight. And then obviously for the Wild card, I gotta have Belushi. So I have Eddie Farrell, Gilda Wig, Hartman Hater, Harvey, Maya and Belushi. I'm rocking with those nine. My weekend update guy, norm McDonald, come on, still living on social media. 30 years later they're still running his jokes from Update. So I have Norm, I'm turning over all digital videos. I'm doing a time machine loop here to Adam, Andy Sandberg and Adam Sandler.


They're just gonna work together even though they're from different eras. Knock yourself out guys. And then I have the following 10 hosts, Tom Hanks, John Goodman, Steve Martin, Chris Walken, Alec Baldwin, Dave Chappelle, Emma Stone, Ariana Grande, Melissa McCarthy, and Candace Bergen. I think if you're drawn from all the eras, that's the best 10 you're gonna come up with. But remember, this is my list. Doesn't mean it's right. I've only been watching the show for my entire life. What do I know? All right, 10 best episodes ever. So these are my 10. They might not be your 10. These are mine. Stevie Wonder, 1983, which had the Stevie experience, had the Canon camera ad Dion, the hairdresser, and three Stevie songs, including he sing him singing Overjoyed, which is the best musical moment in the history of the show.


That's one I won't argue about. Go watch it if You don't believe me. The crowd goes nuts and just keeps cheering. It's like a sporting event. So I have that episode, Richard Pryor in 1976, which also had two standups from him too. It had Samurai Hotel Word Association, all the, you know the Chevy weekend update. That's the first great SNL show. Jim Carrey in 1996, which was the last episode of the aforementioned comeback season. This is Carey at the peak of his power as he's coming off. You know, he'd had the mask and his Ventura like he he Dumb and Dumber. He's suddenly one of the biggest movie stars and Essen L had rejected him. So he comes on with a huge chip on his shoulder. He this fireman bill night at the Roxbury Joe Pesty show with Jimmy Stewart does the cheerleaders, the Ja Jacuzzi lifeguard also you had Norm on Update who was on fire and you had a David Spade Holiday Minute.


Hollywood minute. So this is probably the best show of the last 30 years that they had. And by the way, sound Garden was the guest, Steve Martin in 1978. This was widely considered to be the best show of the Belushi Arod, Murra Blues Brothers as the musical best guest. Steve Martin said, it was the peak of me actual quote, king Tut did the Wordless Guild, the dancing scene, wild and Crazy guys, medieval barber. There was a point counterpoint on weekend update with Jane Curtin and Dan Aykroyd that I always enjoyed when Jane would make her point and then Dan would go, Jane, you ignorant slut. And a joke that would not fly 50 years later. But it was really funny because that's what newscasts were like back then.


It was these males just dominated the show and the woman was over there. So they're parod in that really funny nerd. Science fair was on that as well. All right, fifth one, Tom Hanks in 1988, which I think is in the running for best season opener ever and probably was this had the Bush to caucus debate. Dan Aykroyd as Bob Dole, John Lovet as to caucus going, I can't believe I'm losing to this guy. So I have that. There's a parody of the movie, big Dennis Miller's on Update. They do the all Drug Olympics on this one. They played a game show called Jew, not a Jew. That's actually pretty funny. They did the Girl Watchers thing with Lovetts and Hanks where they're just like, ah, my forehead's just a little too big and all that stuff. Mr. Short term memory, Hans and Franz, great episode.


So this is I think the most underrated episode for me. David Allen Greer in 1995. They do the wake up and smile sketch where the teleprompter and the morning show breaks and they all kind of turn on each other lowering the fly style. It's unbelievable. It's one of the 10 best sketches. So that's on there spade, this Hollywood Minute. Will Ferrell does a Brian Boitano impersonation, Ted Koppel as doing a Michael Jackson Jacko backhoe. Bryan David Ger plays Bryan Ga gumbo off camera as like this real kind of, basically like a crazy hood. It's hilarious. And then Norm was on update, so I'm putting that one on there.


You also had Darrell Hammond on that show as Bill Clinton reviewing American President and talking about how much he loved that the, the wife died and then Silver Chair was somehow the musical guest. So you have that. William Shatner in 1986, this had Star Trek convention in all time's. Sweeney Sisters of Christmas, TJ Hooker Parody, they had the Star Trek five Restaurant Enterprises. This is one of the top seven shows ever. They did a wonderful life parody Tom Hanks in 1990. Hanks was two of the top seven for me. This is the one when Aerosmith came on, Aerosmith was on Wayne's World. Hanks was the groupie doing the sib, short-term memory Tales of Rib Ribaldry, girl Watchers Miller Up update, probably the best SNL cast of of that era.


So I have that, I have Eddie Murphy's comeback show in 2019, which was emotional because nobody ever thought he was gonna come back after the show. Made fun of him a couple times he finally came back, he did all his old characters and it was awesome. Christopher Walken in 1992 where he did Trivial Psychic Perot in Stockdale, the Continental Stock Talk. There was a Schine Connor parody, there was a Pat Sketch, there was a Hollywood Minute, NJ and Brady. And we can update and arrested development. So that's, that's my my top 10. I also have as honorable mentioned Timber Look Timberlake. In 2006 we did a Dick in a Box and Barry Gibb show Lindsay Lohan in 2004 when, when she was in that famous Debbie Downer sketch.


There was also a really funny Harry Potter sketch sting in 1991, which had the Sinatra group in it, some other stuff. Eddie Murphy, when he came back to us in 1984, John Goodman in 1998 when he, when this is the episode they did Neil Diamond Storytellers, but he also played Linda Tripp with Monica Lewinsky. There was a morning latte thing, it is just a really good episode, start to finish. And then Adam Sandler, 2018, when he came back, he played the Farley song, which was I think one of the most emotional moments in show history. And then Betty White in 2010 when she came back was really fun. So for my favorite sketches ever, and these are in no particular order, the Tony Bennett show, the first time Baldwin did this when he had David Guest and Liza Minelli on it, lines were crossed.


That is still one of the five funniest sketches for me. It makes me laugh so hard. They sing a song together. It's making me laugh thinking about it. The Sinatra Group with Phil Hartman when there was a parody of the McLaughlin Group and he's got Billy Idol on there and Luther Campbell and he's just killing everybody. I watched this in college with my buddy Jacko, who was my roommate at the time. We watched it on a Sunday morning after we woke up And I think we watched it five times and we were talking like Sinatra yelling at Stevie Ededie for the rest of the week. Stevie Wonder experienced, I mentioned the Neil Diamond storytellers. That's the one where Neil Will Ferrell is Neil Diamond. Just going off the rails and being like, this is a song about my hatred of immigrants.


Just incredible stuff. Mr. Belvedere Fan Club. This is a fan club for Mr. Belvere. Tom Hanks hosting where they're all deciding how to interact with Mr. Belvedere. And it's, it's really about fan obsession, but it's really, really good. Jackie Rogers Junior Jackpot Wad, that's what Martin Short, that was the funniest character he played on there. Dysfunctional Family Dinner with Sarah Jess, Sarah Michelle Giler When Will Farrow with the families, like just kind of eating, but then they would yell at each other and calm down More cowbell, you know that one Buck Weed get shot and Buck Weed died. Those two were classics. The first Bear Give talk show, I have that one Debbie Downer at Disney, a classic Greg The Alien, I think the most underrated Will Ferrell sketch where he is hosting a sports show.


But he might be an alien Star Trek convention with Shatner when he, he has all the Star Trek people and he is like, what's wrong with you people? And starts yelling at them. Rigging the mastermind. Phil Hartman is rigging The Referee Pittman show I has is one of my most underrated ones. John Goodman as Referee Pittman, he is, it's a talk show and all the, all the people in the audience are like, Hey, referee Pittman, how do you shove your head up your ass? Is it like, do you have to bend out? And it's just, they're just making referee jokes. Chippendale Sketch with Chris Farley Comedy Killers, which was like Jeopardy, but with comedy killers. And then the, the final answer ends up being the assassination of Archduke Ferdinand.


Incredible unfrozen caveman lawyer, dysfunctional Family Feud, trivial Psychic Farley. The first time he did Matt Foley, Nick Cage and Tiny Elvis Wake Up and Smile, which I mentioned earlier night at the Roxbury with Jim Carrey, which was just unbelievable because they had done the sketch a couple times and then he came in and just physically was somehow out shown both of those guys. Election night 2016. I don't have a lot of ones from the last 10 years just 'cause you got age with those. But election day 2016 with Chappelle, when everyone at the parties talk about how this is the worst thing that ever happened and Chappelle's doing Chappelle stuff, great. And then Zis Washington Dream thing was really good and they've done two of those.


But that was, I think of the last five years. Probably the, probably one of the greats. And then the only other one I forgot to mention was the Joe Montana one Sincere Guys Do. And Joe Montana's the biggest star in football and he is on there and you could hear his thoughts and his thoughts were, I'm gonna go upstairs and masturbate. And it just was like shocking here. Joe Montana say that. So that would be my episodes. And then just for the hell of it, musical acts, best musical performance ever. Stevie Wonder, overjoyed second best. Paul Simon when he sang the Boxer right after nine 11. Really great. Just I think one of the best moments in the history of the show with all the, the New York standing there and Giuliani, it's just, it's really special.


Queens of the Stone Age when they played Little Sister in 2002 and Pharaoh came out and did the cowbell. Amazing you two did. I will follow at the end of an SNL episode in oh four and ended up like kind of, they broke the fourth wall and kind of went in the audience. That was amazing. The busboy sang Boys are back in town in 1983, right at Eddie's apex. And Eddie just went out and sang it with them. And it felt like a moment. Run DMC walked this way in 1986. White Stripes, dead leaves in 2002, which is just like Jack White and Meg White at their fucking apex. It's awesome. Billy Joel Asiah Miami 2017 and 1981. It's really good. Nirvana Teen Spirit, 1992 Blues Brothers, soul Man, 1970, really fun to watch.


So outcast sang Mrs. Jackson in 2002, Pearl Jam Porch in 1992. You know, I love that. You know, I love Porch and Pearl Jam Hole was awesome. They sang Violet in 1994. I would encourage you to find any of these. By the way, Billy Eilish Bad guy 2019, visually was amazing. Ken and Crow sang round here in in 1994 and it was their first song, not their second one. And they crushed it and it, it basically made them a hit band, which is the power of that show. If you crushed SNL, your albums took off. Sinead O'Connor last day, 1990 last day of my, our acquaintance, 1990, the Prince song that was actually her song.


And she's incredible in that. And then two years later comes back and does the Pope thing and almost commits career suicide. Although now I, I think it's, it's, it's played out better for her. Kendrick in 2014 sang I, and it's great. Bowie did the Man World of the World in 1979, which was I think one of the coolest visual ones. Eminem and Dre sang still in 19, in 1999. And it's awesome. And then the last one I would recommend, if you wanna go look up any of these is Stevie Nicks stand back in 1983 because there's some guy that is dancing during the performance.


You, you'll know it when you see it. It's a a moment unlike anything ever in the show. And also it's a really good song. So that's what I got. Those are all my SNL thoughts. I can't wait to watch SNL 50. If you wanna read what I thought about SNL 40, it's in the Grantland Archives actually from 10 years ago. But that's it. Those are, those are all my thoughts. I I, I word dumped them out to you on the, on the pod and on the YouTube. You can watch me actually stumble through this. So there you go. All that's it for the podcast. Thanks to Rob Mahoney. Thanks to Kyle and Sir Rudy and Gau as well. Don't forget Prestige TV podcast this weekend, white Lotus Sunday night. Me and Joanna and Mallory are gonna be breaking all of it down.


New re watchable is coming on Monday, Wayne's World and that will be the first video podcast on Spotify. Very excited about that. Enjoy the weekend. I will see you on this feed on Sunday night On the.