
It was the biggest Hollywood heist of all time. In November, 2014, hackers sabotaged Sony Pictures releasing nearly 200,000 stolen emails and internal documents, and weeks later, they threatened to blow up theater, showing the interview a Sony comedy about the assassination of North Korean leader Kim Jong-un. The incident when entangled the White House, the FBI, in multiple superpowers, scandalized some of the biggest names in showbiz and forced Hollywood to undergo one of the most painful cultural, creative, and technological transformations in its century. Long history. Brian Rafter. He talked to former Sony employees, cybersecurity experts and media experts, including our friend Matt Bella.


It's for a podcast that we're calling the Hollywood Hack, and you can find it on the big picture feed later this month.


This episode is brought to you by Nissan Flex Your ruggedness in the Nissan Pathfinder Rock Creek Power. your epic adventures with 3.5 liter V six engine 2 95 horsepower Take on those big bad trails on these big bad tires. 18 inch Beadlocks style wheels with all terrain tires to be exact, designed to be aggressive, all the way up to the front row, which is magnificent. Find your path in the Nissan Pathfinder Rock Creek. Learn more at Nissan usa.com. Intelligent four wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


This episode is brought to you by State Farm. State Farm helps you score an affordable price when you choose to bundle home and auto insurance with the personal price plan bundling home and auto. That's a pro move. Just another way you can save on your insurance needs. Talk to a State Farm agent today to learn how you can bundle and save with the personal price plan like a good neighbor. State Farm is there. Prices are based on rating plans that vary by state coverage. Options are selected by the customer availability. Amount of discounts and savings and eligibility vary by state.


We're also brought to you by The Ringer. Podcast Network, where we have a new re watchable is coming for you on Monday night. I'm not on this one. It is gonna be the Grand Budapest Hotel, and you can eventually watch that on Ringer movies, our YouTube channel as well. you can watch everything from this podcast on the Bill Simmons YouTube channel. Coming up, we're gonna talk about the big gold medal game USA at France, not USA versus France. USA at France. Our old friend, Doc Rivers is gonna come on and break down the game with us. And then after that, Craig Beck joined me and Joe House. We taped it Thursday. We did five favorites. Craig's five favorite fantasy targets for the 2024 NFL season.


This is an Olympic caliber podcast. It's all next first. Our friends from pro. All right, taping this little before six o'clock Eastern time, just watch USA beat France in the gold medal game. Doc Rivers was there for a couple of the early round games, but this seemed like we were headed toward the LeBron, this whole thing.


And Curry had this big game against Serbia down the stretch, and then fourth threes down the stretch against a Frisky France team. And it became one of the greatest moments of his career, including the last three that he hit, I think might have been the best three I've ever seen him hit. He was being double-teamed outta the shock clock, flings it up. But I mean, you can't be surprised by this shit anymore, but this has to be way up there for him, right? Where would you put it? Yeah, Yeah, one, one. When you, the significance, you know, the game in Boston, the closeout game where, I mean, that's a world championship or, or NBA championship. I don't want, what is it? No. Allow to get mad at me. So, you know, but, but when you think about it on this stage, bill, he makes those shots with what he has on the floor.


You know, he has Kevin Durant, he has all these guys around him, and they were watching him play at the very end. And it's, it, you know, I thought it was really cool watching Devin Booker and all the guys on the sideline, ma, you know, like doing the shot, you know, earshot, like as a kid. That's how impressed they were. It was, it was awesome to watch. I mean, he just took the game over. Yeah. Took the last two games over. Well, if you drew up the Olympics beforehand and you're like, here's what we're doing, we're gonna have all the best young guys here, but we're also gonna have LeBron 'cause he's 39. We're gonna have Curry who hasn't been in the limelight in two years, and we're gonna have KD who, you know, hasn't really had a big playoff moment in the last five years, but is the best Olympic basketball player we've ever had.


We're actually gonna build the team around these three older guys and keep our fingers crossed that all of them have moments down, you know, the stretch of the medal rounds. And it happened. LeBron, you know, had the car keys for the whole tournament. KD hit some big shots, had the biggest shot of the Serbia game, and Steph was kind of the closer both times. But just as a pure basketball fan, I mean, watching those guys that have been in the league for so long, these superstars, but watching the LeBron Curry, that little pick and roll play they ran at the top. Where does that rank for you for craziest most unstoppable? Like, what do you do? What's the, what, what is the defense supposed to do on that play? You know, it was so funny. I was sitting there, 'cause I, you know, I watched the game as a, as a fan, but I'm, I'm a coach and you, you can't get it outta you.


You know, the Lakers with Darvin ran a lot of that pick and roll with, with with Reeves, right? And it was really good because Reeves was such a great roller. He could slip out and roll. LeBron would roll. But with Curry, that's a whole different ball game. They didn't wanna switch it. They kept switching it. They, they had the, you know, the first thing I would've put a guard on LeBron because they had a, a bigger guy on LeBron just because you knew it was coming at least a guard guard. You have a fighting chance to guard guard. And if they get it to LeBron, you know, he's inside the tool. You live with it. But man, is it a hard play to guard? You know, it, it's funny, a lot of things stood out in this whole run by the Olympic team, but what stands out to me every time Bill, and you kind of hit on it, is the old guard, the young guys, if you remember in the early rounds, Anthony Edwards was the leading scorer, and all the young guys were the dominant players.


And the old guys kind of sat around and like, you know, enjoy. But when it came to win winning time, it all changed you. They couldn't get it quick enough into Steph's hands, into Katie's hands, into LeBron's hands. Right? I, I remember the first Olympic that they won back after we had lost a couple. The same thing happened, but LeBron and Weight were young. And then at the very end of the, the, the Olympics, Kobe saved the date. He was the vet and they gave it to him, save us please. That's how this felt as well. The other thing, and I, I've said this probably LeBron's entire career, if, if LeBron could just be a point guard how good he would be, and in the Olympics, he basically was just the point guard, you know, that was his position.


He played point guard for most of the Olympics and his passing and his basketball iq. It just set everything up for everyone. He was amazing. The last thing, and I I think the unset hero in the entire Olympics was Devin Booker. Yeah. You know, I don't think he got enough credit because he picked up full court every second he was on the floor. I, I thought he was the difference making Serbia with his ball pressure. As a matter of fact, I thought the us the difference in the, the game against Serbia and the difference tonight is the guard play and the US ability to pressure the ball and turn the ball and get teams out of their offense.


But that was my take, just watching 'em all. KD is a different player, man. When he plays with all these other guys, he doesn't force much. He kind of lets it come to him. And the last thing is, a lot of guys will benefit from this, you know, Joel and B who I thought struggled and was on and off, up and down in this with the Olympics will be a better player. All of them will be better players. All the young guys, Anthony Edwards will be a better player because number one, I don't care where you win, when you win, you learn a lot of stuff. You learn, number one, how hard it's, and I, I think they will all take that back to their teams and all, they will all understand.


Winning is hard and a lot of stuff has to go right. I mean, think about the, the game against Serbia. Serbia has the ball wide open up to, with 54 seconds left and they miss that three. If they make that three, we're in trouble. Yeah. You know, it, it, it just tells you how many things have to go Right. To win a game. Even when you're that good, you, things still have to go right for you. Yeah. You called it winning time. I call it nut crunch time. You, you, you had a lot of good stuff for there. I'm gonna try to unpack a couple of things. The LeBron point, which I talked about a couple podcasts ago, but I I want your take on it.


The, you know, when he is coming in the league and then that the two thousands and it's like, here's a guy, there's some magic in here, there's some Dr J and there's some Jordan. It's like, hey, and he's kind of a hybrid of all these guys, but there's a lot of magic here. Where, where's this gonna go? And then eventually he became a hybrid of a whole bunch of different people and he formed his own style. But there was always that magic piece. They were like, Hey, it would've been really interesting just if you just reset his career and watched him just go the magic way. The way he played, or at least tried to play in the, in, especially in the middle rounds was like kind of early, mid eighties magic before Kareem got older. Magic had to be the go-to guy. You know what I mean?


He was facilitators trying to push the ball, trying to, trying to constantly attack, but was okay not having the scoring burden. And it's just an interesting what if, because this is also the guy who leads the league in the history for points. Yeah. And it's like, hey, here's this other thing he could have done. Like, it actually made, made me more amazed by the career he's had, you know? Yeah. He said the greatest career. I say it all the time. Yeah. You know, obviously I, I, I feel Michael's the greatest player, but that doesn't matter. It's not taking anything away from LeBron. But I don't think anyone's gonna have a career maybe in our lifetime like LeBron. I, I, I don't see it coming now. Guys are playing longer, you know, but can they stay healthy?


That's been LeBron's thing. Not only has he been healthy, he's been healthy and he has not lost a step. He's not lost anything. Right. Only thing he loses is energy in games. you can see there's times where he, you Saw today tired. Yeah. He got, he had like four turnovers in the second half. Yeah. I thought he, I thought he kinda shot his wa in the first half. Yeah. But that's called being 40, playing, playing NBA basketball, you know, no one else has done it. Yeah. Yeah. So you had that piece. Then you had this curry piece where, you know, they tried to make trades all summer. I know you're coaching the buck, so it's hard for you to talk about other teams, but they were pretty aggressively trying to improve the team because I think they know they have a window with this guy, right?


And some traits fell through and now they have a lot of different assets and it's clear that they're gonna wait until December, January range. LeBron's been in the same situation with the Lakers for the last couple years. Where on the one hand you have these future picks and a guy's older, it's like, how much do we sacrifice for this little tiny window? But on the other hand, you watch basketball, like we watched the last two weeks and I didn't think LeBron was one of the best temps in the league anymore. Now I've had to reevaluate that because you're watching all these guys together. You're like, well how is he not like, we like these games. The more pressure that comes, you said it earlier, it's like, I trust kd, I trust Curry, I trust LeBron. Like it's just, it moves into this different class.


So if you're the Lakers, now I have to think, all right, what do we do here? And same thing for the Warriors, right? Like you still have these guys that are magical. Yeah. They're both, I mean all of us all, listen, bill, I've coached for 24 years. I don't, I think I've coached for 24 years. You don't have a lot of real opportunities to win. You just don't. Yeah. And when you have one, you have to seize the day. Not only with your, your your staff, coaching staff and with the players, but with the front office you have to it because, you know, Steph has, you know, I don't know, three more years, two more years, one who knows LeBron every year. Each year he could retire, but right now he's still one of the best players in NBA.


Think about the Lakers right now. It was funny, someone was, I was at a party last week in LA and some they were talking about the Lakers and they, they said, man, the Lakers, I don't know. I said, I know one thing. You gimme the two best players, two of the top 10 players in NBA. You, you, you have something you always do. It makes everybody else around you. And kudos to Anthony Davis. Like, something's happened. Bill, I and I, I don't, I'm not sure what it is, but over the last year and a half, he plays more games. He's playing big games. He's healthy. He's, he's Enga he's consistently engaged as a rebound or defensive player, which is, I think that was the nitpick.


It's like, can you do this? Yeah. Are you, are you falling down again? Like what? But it just, it's there. I see it too. I mean, Today you didn't get the ball once. He just got the ball when someone miss. Right. He had four of the six block shots. You know, he's been fantastic in his, his whole attitude Is he, he had six off six offensive rebounds. Yeah. Yeah. And that's what he does. And he's become that dominant Anthony Davis again. So, you know, when you are the Lakers you're looking at, I have those two. Now when you, you look at Golden State, you have Steph Curry. Yeah. Dr. Draymond is one of the smartest players. That's the other thing. We don't give players enough credit for Bill. And, and sometimes I remember Kevin McHale saying that when he was way old, maybe his last career.


And he said, the thing about my age now is I see everything that I can do. I just can't do anything about it. Right. But, but right now you have a group of older guys who, who they're, they're light years ahead mentally. And they can still do something about it. That's what makes Steph so dangerous. That's what makes Katie so dangerous. And that's what makes LeBron so dominant. LeBron is beating people purely with his head. Right. He needs the athleticism, but he is just beating him with his head. It's like having the answers. This is what happened with Jordan in the 96, 97, 98 range. Yes. Because athletically he slipped a little, but mentally and from a basketball IQ wise, he was at a whole other level.


It's, I gotta say that's one of my favorite things about watching a basketball career is when people hit that point where you're not at, you're not like Anthony Edwards right now, where you can just basically physically and athletically do anything you want. Now you have to like, use a little ingenuity and you have to figure out how to pace yourself and steal some minutes. And all the stuff LeBron's been doing in the last, that's gonna be the final piece for Curry. 'cause he's not gonna be able to run around off of picks for two and a half hours for eight months anymore, I don't think. But he can pick his spots like he did in this middle round. Yeah. And that's, that was the other thing that they all were allowed to do. But you're right. You know, listen, I, I had my days in class, but there were very few times I went into a test and I knew all the answers.


Yeah. That's how LeBron and Steph and Katie are playing basketball games. That's why they have the confidence. They walk on the floor and they literally know all the answers. They know the answers to any test that's gonna be thrown at them and it gives them an unshakeable confidence. Well, I would include Duran in that too. 'cause I still think the most, other than that last Curry three, which was the moment of the tournament when they're up 2 93, 91 against Serbia, 40 seconds left, need a basket. And they just kind of instinctively knew Durant was the matchup and Embi came. He kind of rumbled over to come set him a pick and Durant's like, get the fuck outta here. I got that guy and he just did, he did the same Durant shot.


He's known every, but, but all everyone on the court kind of knew that was the moment. Yeah. And the play and the shot and that he was gonna make it. And that's like, you know, he made another Big one. Right. Well Miss, he Made another big one tonight. Yeah, he did. W why, why the guy left to go trap Drew Holiday, who was inside the paint? I have no idea. But I think Durant, what was it, one second on the clock and Durant makes it. Well this is, I mean this was the shame of him leaving the Warriors in the first place. Because the great thing about him is he can, he's basically the most reliable 27 to 30 we've ever had in the history of the league. But he also doesn't really need the ball and can play, you know, two, three different positions and guard whoever.


And he is like this Swiss Army knife, but doesn't need to be ball dominant. Like can kind of play any style. And that was what I loved about the 2017 Warriors that first season he had. Yeah. You watching, you're like, oh my God. Like him and Curry. Neither of them need the ball that much. This is unstoppable. Well, I was happy he left, I can tell you that. Yeah. You were like, yeah, you should go, you should get outta there. Yeah. If I had to run into him, I would've, I definitely would've whispered that to him. I think it's time. You know that, that crazy game that was against us with the Clippers when Draymond came down and took the Three. Oh yeah. I went to that game. Yeah. Yeah. You remember that game And they started yelling at each other And they start, you know what's funny? I didn't know anything about we won that game in Overtime.


Overtime, Yeah. But, and then after the game, the media were asking me about the KD Green thing and I, you know, I'm on my end. I don't see any of that. Right. But I can tell you, all of us coaches, like, I hope it's real Well in the playoffs before KD got hurt, like his last kind of great stretch. You were they, one of the things they played was you. Yeah. And, and that was when he was like 35, 36 a game and was the best ever played. Lots more to discuss. We're gonna take a quick break.


This episode is brought to you by Michelob ULTRA. Michelob al ULTRA. good for many things. Camping barbecues, cheering on your favorite team. Hanging out on a nice summer night, which I just did actually on Friday night. Just sitting outside just having a beer And. guess what? Michelob? ULTRA because they sent me a bunch of Michelob ULTRA and it's really good And. there were only a couple left and I was mad. 'cause every time we put it in the fridge, somebody drinks it. But it was delicious. Be sure to stock up for the summer. Enjoy Michelob. ULTRA Superior Light Beer. Order a pack of Michelob ULTRA today. Have it delivered through doordash.com. LDA 21 and up.


This episode is brought to you by SimpliSafe. If you're like me, you're constantly thinking about the safety of the people and things you value the most. We all have friends that had a worst case scenario, a home invasion, second worst case scenario, they're away for a couple days. They come back and things are just gone. And once you hear those stories, you realize you have to do something to secure your home. you can be like me, you can find SimpliSafe been using it, they've been a sponsor forever. But using it for a while, we love it. you can try it for yourself right now. you can try it and get 20% off a system at SimpliSafe dot com slash bs. you can find out things like 24 7 professional monitoring. Someone always there to have your back during an emergency. you can find out how fast their agents can respond within five seconds of receiving the alarm. They act, they respond to intruders, they even warn them that police is on the way and there's no contracts. you can choose to set up your system yourself or you can have one of their professionals do it for you. It is no surprise that SimpliSafe has been named the Best Home Security Systems by US News and World Report for five years running and the best customer service and home security by Newsweek. So protect your home this summer. you can get 20% off any new SimpliSafe system when you sign up for Fast Protect monitoring. Just visit SimpliSafe dot com slash bs. That is SimpliSafe with two is SimpliSafe dot com slash bs. There's no safe like SimpliSafe.


So one of the things I love about the Olympics is the hierarchy, which you remember, which you mentioned earlier. I had a, I have a tweet which people feel free to make fun of in April when Edwards was handing it to the sons. And I was like, well Booker's just lost his two guard spot to Edwards. This is a wrap, this is done. But from the get go it was clear the staff loved Booker and Booker was fantastic. I mean he shot over 60% from three, I think for the whole tournament. Pressured by all the stuff you talked about earlier. The hierarchy as it evolved. And we got to nut crunch time in both games seemed to be Booker Curry, LeBron, KD in ad, but then Drew Kind right there.


Yes. As Swiss Army knife for what do we need, I guess maybe interchangeable with either KD or Booker if it like really, if we really need, like if there was an awesome guard on either of those teams, I actually think Drew probably plays and maybe they go three guards. Yeah. So they did some three guards, but it turned out those were the six guys. Do any of those names surprise you? Book Booker Curry, LeBron, KD, ad and then Drew kind of right there. Were you, were you surprised that became the six? A little bit? I think that was, if you look at the team that they make sense that that would be the six. You could have made a case that you thought Joelle would be one of the six. And you can make a case that either Anthony Edwards or Tatum possibly would be one of the six.


But I, when you look at how they play, you can understand that. Yeah. That was the clear six. Yeah. you can tell exactly. I always love these like, like all-star game format, all these players. But then when it gets serious, the coach will tell you exactly what he thinks right. And who he, who he thinks he can win with. And Steve Ker, you know, it's all these other games he was mixing and matching, but those me games, you knew exactly who he trusted the most. Right. And he did not waver from it. Yeah. Like LeBron played 32, but I think he was over 30 minutes in both games. Yeah. Usually. And I was talking about this before the tournament started, like it these, because the real question with this team was, who's gonna lose minutes?


This is probably the most talented one through 12 team they've had. Even if you go back to 92, he had Laettner who you knew wasn't gonna play Bird, had the back brace, you know, Stockton was hurt during the tournament so that the decisions were a little easier. This was tougher. So they push out Halliburton early. Derek White's playing so well. Steve Kirk can't even keep him on the floor and Tatum can't make a shot. Yeah. And then all of a sudden the hierarchy starts coming. There was still a weird three center thing. Like he played three centers in both halves of this game. Started with Embi, played a lot of Davis, and then brought Bam in for big stretches in the second and fourth quarter. But ultimately it was ad was the center. Yeah. And that's how it worked out. I thought Him played.


Yeah. I thought it was pretty smart. I mean, he wanted all three to play. Yeah. You, it'd be interesting if, if if, if he didn't care about Eagles or didn't have to worry about that, who he would've played, that would've been an interesting ex exercise. You know, they played Joel tonight and the last game first with six minutes of the first quarter, first six minutes of the third quarter, and then that was it. Bam was good though in his minutes. Like he, he, he knows his role, but BA's always been like, he's always played a star that plays in his role. You know, he kind of got that, that's why it was so easy for Drew as well. Like he, he's a role player, but he is a star at it. So I thought it was easy.


I thought the guys, again, who impressed me, I thought Steph struggled with it for a while because he wasn't getting a lot of tic shots. Yeah. And then by the metal rounds, he kind of figured it out. And I thought KD it's, it's a perfect role for him. But I thought the bigs overall, like Joel, that was tough. Like he's used to being the focal point, them going to him. And, you know, he, he got loose a little bit in the Serbia game. Other than that he was on a rhythm a lot because he is not used to just being a rebounder in the pick setter. Right. You know, that, that Durant, the Durant shot you were talking about. The funniest thing is you can hear someone from their bench yelling.


'cause Joelle was trying to set a pick. They were yelling, get outta the way. Right, right. Go. And I was, yeah. I was sitting there laughing. I said, I don't think Joelle and B has ever heard that in his life. Somebody telling him to get out of the way. But they all handled it. I mean, Joelle handled it. I think they all handled it very well. He really struggled in the first quarter when they played him. And he, he had some really valuable minutes in the, in the Serbia game, especially in the fourth quarter. He scored three straight hoops. I went back and watched it after we did the podcast right after the game. And the, the problem with him is the defensive rebounds that he's, that he's just, you give up offensive rebounds when he is out there. You like, he's late to come out on shooters.


And I think there's some stuff that, you know, you kind of throw him out there and see what he has. And if he doesn't totally have it, now you're moving to Davis and bam, it's nice to have options in the NBA doesn't work like that. You're not like, no. Oh, I'll bring in Anthony Davis now. Yeah. Imagine. Oh, now I'm bring bam out of bio. Oh, that'll be fun. You, I, I remember I was coaching a USA team. It was Flip Saunders was the head coach. And me and Tom Zel were the assistant coaches and, and we're gonna win the gold. But Brazil was, they were playing unbelievable. This was nay, nay baso. Oh yeah. Zo. But we had never heard of them. They were that young and they were killing us. I mean, all they, they were having the game of their lives and they remember fourth quarter ILE guy, he's like, we have to, he grabs my shirt.


We have to do something, we're gonna lose. And you know, I remember telling Flip, I said Flip, we don't need any trick plays. We're better. Let's just run a normal play. Move the ball and get the right shot. Right. And Baron Davis, if you ever go back, Baron Davis just took the game over when we started doing that because he was better. Right Now, we didn't need to throw a lot. We just needed him to play. But boy, I tell you, all those guys, the way they played it was just, you know, Kurt didn't get enough credit because he had a lot of talent and that, that's part of it with coaching. But I thought for the most part, everyone bought into their roles. So the pressure of when you're in that Feba situation, you have a better team.


But you have, you're now you're in a sports movie and the other team is the underdog in the sports movie. And they're hitting shots. Like Serbia two days ago was the best example of this. Right? Yeah. They, they come out, they're hitting everything. And it was like, really, they have Yage, like, they're like a, a high school team built around one guy and some shooters trying to beat like the best team in the state. The pressure of that, especially with the No, you have no momentum at all on Feba. It's just chaotic. There's like no way to stop, you know, timeouts. And it's just like, you just feel like you're on a skateboard going down a hill versus like, I don't know, games you've coached. Like let's go 2008 game seven against Cleveland. Yeah. Like one of those type of games where you're in a little more control and it, like, what's different about the pressure between those two situations?


Yeah, it's, it's, it's a different pressure. The, there's a different pressure when you're supposed to win, you know? Right, right. And so when you're the USA team, everyone knows you have the most talent. There's no doubt about that. When you're trying to win the NBA title, there's a different pressure because you wanna win the title, but you're not necessarily the best team. I I would say when we beat the Lakers in 2008, most people picked the Lakers. They were fav they were minus one 90 favorites. You guys were underdogs. Yeah. They were the favorites. Yeah. We were the underdogs. Which still myths us when we, when, you know, as we always talk, we were not ever the underdogs in our mind, but it is a different type of pressure. You know, it, it's, it's funny, Paul Pierce, I remember this, and this is not in the 2008, 2009, the year after we won.


Yeah. And we got out to that amazing start. I remember, I bet there were seven game build that we absolutely should have lost. But at the very end of the game, we just won the game. That's what Serbia was the other night. Like, I, I saw it. You see it coming. They look up and they're winning and they see that score and they're looking at that clock. They're not playing the same anymore. I, I saw that over and over. Teams wanted to beat you so bad. Yeah. That they actually got in their own way half the time. And I thought that happened the other night. Yeah. They were Oh, for 10 in the fourth quarter that, I mean, yeah, this game today was great. And we're gonna remember it for the Curry threes, I think will be the, the legacy of it that Serbia game Kerr said it was the best basketball game he's probably ever been involved with.


That you, it sounded like you needed to think about it more. It really did seem like one of the great basketball games. And we've had some fun ones in the Olympics. Oh eight you mentioned with Kobe against Spain in 2012. But I think that Serbia game might've been the peak. When you think about that's The best Olympic game, game game I've ever seen The top Oh yeah. The two, three of the 15 best players ever. And then Yoko on the other side and just the right guys getting hot for his team to keep them around. And the drama is nuts. It's, I think it's the best Olympic game ever played, or as far as talent, skill and, and well played. I I, it's hard for me to think of another game and I've been watching the Olympics Men, you know, my uncle Jim Brewer played on that Traves C 72 with, you know, the Munich that was my uncle in that game.


Oh God. So, so I've been watching this for a long brewer time. Jim Brew Jim. Yeah. Jim Brewer. Yeah. Oh, I didn't realize he was your uncle. Wow. Yeah. Yeah. That was, that was a run. They, they got, got stolen. They won the gold medal and then it got stolen away. They won, they won twice. They won twice. I still think it's awesome that all those silver medals are still sitting in the vault in that one player. They, you know, they called them every year. Every year they call. And you would assume, like at some point someone would say Yeah. For their kids. All knows it's pretty cool. Yeah. 'cause it was an absolute fevery. And 1, 1, 1 other thing that stood out 10 years ago, the USA won because we were the better athletes now we're winning because of shooting.


Right. Our shooting was the difference in this game. It's amazing how it's flipped. We're the skill players now, you know, we're the team, our three point shooting won against Serbia and the difference of the game that they was just shooting and we nine for Battle shooters, nine for 30 from France and 18 for 36 from USA. But that goes to why they built and that's like a, all my Boston friends who it's gonna be, I'll just say this, it's gonna be tough for Kerr when he comes for the Warriors Celtics game in Boston. Oh, No, no, no doubt. It's, you know, you know what, you know what's gonna happen. This is, he's gonna get the Arod treatment, but Tatum wa Tatum just wasn't hitting outside shots.


He missed another one today. And I, I think they were really adamant about, if you're out there, you gotta be able to shoot, make open shots, make shots. You gotta make, that's It. Gotta make or make plays. And it was so funny, bill, today I'm, I'm golfing and one of the guys is from Boston, Robbie. Yeah. And the first thing he said, what's up with Kerman? I said, Robbie, what do you mean? So what's up with him? Is he jealous? I mean, he, he was just, he, he had all these reasons why Kurt, why Taylor wasn't playing. And he really believed that they, they kept Jalen Brown off. They're trying to mess the team up. And I said, I don't think any of that is true, but you know, you'll, we'll see. Well, Welcome to about 12 of my text threads.


It's like Steve Kerr, he's trying to end the Celtics dynasty before it begins. What does he have against Tatum? Even my dad, who's a pretty mellow dude, even my dad is like completely outraged. He was like, Tatum, we, we just won the title. Tatum did everything. I mean, you think like with the rebounding and the defense, and he got, he got out there today, got some minutes. And I think all the Celtics fans are like, please, please have this go. Well, please, please, please. Yeah. But the bottom line is LeBron and KD are on the team and those guys are gonna play big minutes and that's it. And, and every player on the Olympic team is used to being the best player on their team. And now you go to an Olympic team and you're the fourth, fifth, sixth, seventh best player that's different touches that's playing differently.


That's hard, right? It's hard. You see it, you see it all the time. Like, you know, coach K used to tell me the first couple of practices of the college season, you know, all the freshmen come in and they've been the best player on their team and now they're on the college team. And then those college guys, you think about it, there's gonna be tons of college guys that make it into the NBA this year. And there's gonna be a coach on every side. Hey, your job is to rebound and pass. That guy was scoring 35 last year. And so all that is, it's hard. Yeah. Go stand in the corner. Go stand in the corner. It's like by usage rate was 30 on my old team. Yeah. What, what, what's the deal? And So it is different.


Let's talk your personal experience with Steph and LeBron because you, you we'll start with Steph. I mean, you're Steph's basically in your family. Yeah, He's, I don't, I don't know what he's in my family. Yeah. Yeah. I don't know what the, he is a, in-law, law, I don't know what it is, but your, your daughter married Seth, who's, who's Steph's brother. So some, somehow you're in the extended family, but you've play, you've coached against him forever. And then I'm sure you've gotten to know him, but what do we, what do we not know about Steph that you get to see when behind closed doors? I think you know, it, you just don't see it is his, first of all, he's so high character and, and Bill, I, I can't undersell how high his character is.


I've seen him do things with his brothers and sisters that just no one does. You know, the second part of him is he is competitive and deadly competitive. You know, I always, you know, joke with him, you like, you got this schoolboy choir routine. Everybody loves you. You're this nice guy. And at the same time you're trying to cut a heart out every time. Like he's, he's a, he's a killer. Very, very competitive towards teams, towards individuals. Like, we talking like family monopoly. Like he's, he's the banker and he's stealing money from the bank.


Like yes. Golf. You know, it's just, that's who he is. It comes out and it, and it, and it comes out in a great way. And, you know, I love seeing it because you, you assume it because he is so good and he wins, but it's there. And the challenges, you know, even today, you know, he making shots, he's point to the crowd. That's not an act. That's real. And that's pretty cool to watch. Well you can't be, there's a certain level you can't get to unless you're just wired like that all the time. Yeah. Like there's that famous, the famous Jordan stories about him betting people whose bags were gonna come out first, but he had already, he'd already paid the baggage of Chandler to get his bag out first.


Like that's just, I don't know how you shut that up. So you must have played golf with Steph a couple times, I'm guessing. Yeah, Yeah. Yeah. He's a little better to me to say to Yeah, I was gonna say, he's like a prodigy. He's pretty good pro. Yeah. And then, yeah, he's really good. But his, his father is, is right with him, you know? Yeah. As, as Steph said, the difference is his father plays for 12 months a year. Steph Right. Says I, I can't do that yet. So when he retires, he'll be really good. All right. And then LeBron, who you're going against with your team and you guys are trying to break him. Yeah. He actually leaves Cleveland. It was a semi break and goes to Miami. And then you had that chance in 2012 to really like, I think break that Miami team up if you win one more game.


Instead he puts a bunch of chest hair on his whole career changes. And then you see from that moment to now what's like, what's, what's different. I Thought, I thought that was the biggest game of his career. Game six. I thought it was the biggest game. I'm sure he'll say other games, but we had them on a ropes with an aging team. We were not that talented, you know, other than, you know, we still had our big three and Rhonda was still pretty good. I think Ronda was injured in that series and that game in Boston. It was really, if you remember he made threes, he was shooting the ball. Yeah. It was all jump shots and just surgical. Yeah. Surgical 21st would just, yeah.


Something he had never done. So, but to me, what the biggest part, well, there's a lot of things with LeBron that I love saying how he could overachieve with the fanfare that he had coming in is absolutely amazing. I mean, he was the only set up to fail. Right. When you think about it, he was on the cover of Sports Illustrated. It's the second coming of God and he overachieve. It's a pretty amazing thing. The other two things is, is watching his growth in Cleveland, he was a special player, but I didn't think he was a special student yet as far as he, he added this high iq, but he hadn't added in the film work that you need to know the other team's stuff and their calls.


And then I remember the first game against Miami, he was yelling all our sets out to the other guys, you know, and I don't think it was Thito, it might've been I, whoever my assistant was and I said it, I turned around and said, oh boy. You were like, oh no, we're in trouble. Oh God. Yeah, because that's, that's what KG did. You know, every game, Kevin, Rhonda, they both, they knew whatever. They knew the, if one of the guys on that team went the wrong way, they was, no, that's you, you need to go this way. You're messing the play up. And that was LeBron. And, and to now, and you can ask coaches around the league end of a game. You don't want LeBron near the play because he knows your play play.


Yeah. You know, he's gonna guess. Right. He, he does the film work, he does the studying and that's, that's that, that was the last step for him and watching that growth. Then the last thing, and I don't think this is talked about a lot, how many people do we know that brought his best friends with him and made careers for them. You know, Maverick and Rich Paul, what he's done and now they're doing it on their own. But that has never been done in sports ever. And to me, the off the court stuff like that, he didn't just give his friends money. He made his friends become businessmen rich. And they took a lot of shit for that initially remember they was like, why doesn't he have his typical, I remember in the late two thousands, people were like, what's going on with this?


Yeah. I mean, rich Paul worked in the mail room Yeah. With CAA, you know, 'cause LeBron made him start from the scratch. Yeah. And, and now he is, you know, worth whatever and is about to marry a dale. Life is good. What when you've got to spend what, nine, 10 months with Giannis at this point. Yeah. What reminds you about him, of what you saw with LeBron as, 'cause Giannis is, at this point now, he's at the apex of where his career is gonna be, right? Yeah. He's 31 or 11 every night. But physically he's the best and the most athletic he's probably ever gonna be. But now the mental piece has to be the next step, right?


Yeah. The, the mental piece is growing and then the skill piece still, you know, like when you think about where he can still go improve his shot from the elbow, improve his free throws, improve, like seeing everything, that's what, to me this year, watching him play. Yeah. Where I thought his growth was just how he can process where everybody's coming from. You know, early in his career you thought you could trap him more force turnovers, he would still put his head down and just try to will himself. And this year you can see the game really slowing down for him and doing some really good stuff. So that's where his growth still, I mean the, the other thing you love about him, no one's gonna outwork him.


Right. His conditioning level bill is, is scary. Good to, to slow him down. Good. Especially in the summer times. I, I was happy they, they did, they made it to the Olympics. But then I was like, okay, now let's go home so we can get back to work. Well I texted you. I was, because you win. I thought, what did you go So you could have like a heart attack every time he drove into three guys. You must have been like watching your kids play in the playground or something. Oh my gosh. There was one fall in the first game and he went down hard and me and John Horace, we were sitting there with like, this cannot happen. No, he, he pops up. But at that, after that fall, I swear I was thinking, come on, two more losses.


Right. And get Outta and gets grease. Yeah. We can get outta here because you wanted, you wanted him to do well, but you just wanted him to stay healthy. Think about the last two years he has not played in the playoffs. And, and that's really important for him. Well, and that's what you talked about earlier with LeBron. He's the durability. It's him and Kareem. I mean, Kareem's worst injury was when he punched Ken Benson. Right. He broke his hand. That's was a self-inflicted worst injury ever. But LeBron, same thing. Like some guys are just built to, to do this. They put the time off the court and that's it. That Was the other thing. He's, he's rep, he's like Tiger Wood, how Tiger changed golf with working out and LeBron has changed.


Basketball people are doing the work more because the, his conditioning level. But there was a game, I wanna say it was us against him and he sprained his ankle, like his, his ankle hit the floor Right. You know, would turn over and it was right in front of me. And I'm thinking, whew. He, he's hurt. He walks over, ties his shoes and I think two plays later he gets oop dunk. And I'm like, this guy is different because that should have hurt. You know? So, so he might be the true alien. It might not be Wema, it might actually be LeBron. Yeah, Exactly.


This episode is brought to you by one of my favorite things in life. NFL Sunday ticket on YouTube tv. Because that time of year, it's coming up again. NF NFL season. Oh yeah. And while it's still only the preseason, you wanna miss a moment with NFL Sunday Ticket and YouTube tv, it gives you access to the most live NFL games all in one place. Right now save $85 when you sign up for NFL Sunday ticket bundled with YouTube TV and get every game every Sunday. Sign up today, youtube.com/bs device and content restrictions apply. Discount apply to first four months of YouTube tv, then 72 99 per month ends August 29th. Terms restrictions, embargoes apply. No refunds.


This episode is brought to you by State Farm. State Farm helps you score an affordable price when you choose to bundle home and auto insurance with the personal price plan. Bundling home and auto. That's a pro move. Just another way you can save on your insurance needs. Talk to a State Farm agent today to learn how you can bundle and save with the personal price plan like a good neighbor. State Farm is there. Prices are based on rating plans that vary by state coverage. Options are selected by the customer availability. Amount of discounts and savings and eligibility vary by state.


We didn't talk about Wema. Yeah, because I mean we didn't really talk about France at all. Who didn't have a point guard Yaba? Wasn't he a Celtic Danny Ains draft pick number 16, 2016. Danny gets another win. Yeah, but he was good. But I, I thought Weby, you know, that was unbelievable. Like at least he missed a couple threes, whatever. But he also made a couple. But there was a fearlessness to him. And when you're going against a team like that and he just kept coming and coming and coming. I was so impressed. I loved it. You, you know what I was impressed with after the game, he was crying. What that told me, bill, in his mind he thought they were gonna win.


Mm. No one watching that game thought France was gonna win, but their player did. And it just shows to me like he's competitive and you can feel that he wanted to win that game and he believed they could win that game. I tell you for that, for him to have that this young, this league better watch out. He is coming Bill and he's coming fast, But how fast, how fast do we think? Is he a, is he a second team? All NBA guy? Like what, what is this ceiling just for next season? I think he probably is right. Well listen, Numbers wise, you could have made a strong case for him to be on the all NBA team this year.


Yeah. The team was so bad. It's hard. I I have vote. I never, if somebody's on a really bad team, I just, I they're a cross off for me. Yeah. For me the Allstar voting is like that very difficult. Yeah. To if, if, if, if you team is 10 games under 500, you, you know, it's, it's how can you be an all star? But, but then you, you think sometimes his team is terrible. It's not his fault. You know? Then There's other times, but there's other times somebody's put up numbers because they're on a terrible team and somebody's gotta put up numbers. You know, we've seen, I don't wanna name guys, but we know there's been some dudes over the years that's like, that guy's averaging 30, but yeah, his team's 25 and 57 Exactly's and sometimes they're averaging 30 and that's why his team is 25 and 37.


Right, right. So, you know, when you're looking you do, you, you look at all that stuff. How do you, when you're watching these FBA games and there's guys doing well, like the guys on France like Leor and Cordier and especially ya, Belli, but it's a different kind of style and some guys just make more sense than Feba. But I, I said this two days ago on the pod, so I'm not, this is recency bias. 'cause ya Belli was great today. Like I genuinely feel like he's an NBA rotation guy and he's in shape now. He can hit threes. He's, he could, he was guarding LeBron. Did you see that part? I was so impressed with him. I thought defensively he, he could switch on anyone. Right. And guard him, kept him in front.


He's a big body where he is really changed his game is he was never a shooter and now he's shooting the heck out of the ball. So like, and he's a boost down low. Well he's way, he's in way better shape, but kept his strength because when he was at Celtics, yeah, he was just overweight. But now yeah, he had enough strength. Like LeBron really tried to put his shoulder on him a couple times and he didn't move. So, and he is Also grown up like, like he has a toughness level about him. So Yeah, he could be a rotation player for sure in NBA. Now he Was the one guy that jumped out because it's hard to tell with some of these dudes. You watch somebody like Lor and it's like, all right, when we get, we've seen like the Kenneth Reed types and Yeah, yeah, they can get minutes.


But you had Harrow who was probably one of the best versions of that. Yeah, exactly. How many rounds am I going in the playoffs if I'm playing 25 minutes with somebody? Like that's where it gets tough. But thinks the rotation guy, like there's no question. No. The way he shoots and, and what I was impressed with also is his ability to just kind of fit in. He didn't force many shots. He let it come to him. Really impressed with him. Yoic, we just gotta mention quickly because I was ar I was arguing with your friend Eddie Johnson about Yoic. 'cause he was like, oh, mbi, you know, Eddie's an Mbbi guy. He was like, your guy Yoic. He couldn't come through. And I'm like, Eddie, that was, nobody's ever gone through a gauntlet like that and kept their team in the game.


Like he had one of the best 13 players in the game. He's going against Embi and Bam and ad LeBron's guarding him in the fourth quarter so the center can roam. Like, I, I thought that was insane. What'd you think of Yoic in that game? I, I thought he was amazing. They double the first half he controlled the whole game. Yeah. Like he just controlled And double teaming him. Yeah. Double teaming him LeBron double once, which was not a very smart double team from the baseline late in the game, he fi like Yeah. Game. He makes you pay, you know, he is like Barry Bonds. if you throw the wrong ball, he is hitting it out of the ballpark. That's before and after steroids with Barry Bonds. How he's, that's how he's always been. And, and, and you know, LeBron, if you ever watch it again, he tried to sneak behind him to trap, but he left the guy under the basket.


Yeah. He got half ba it, it was just his, his brain and his his way of play is it's so dominant. He literally put that team on his back, get got them shots and they almost beat an amazing USA team. Yeah. That game by Itself. He's so good. Yeah. That was by itself a documentary. I I do, I do my curiosity and I listen, I pushed Joelle to play for USA, so I was part of that when I was there, but man, I was watching the game tonight just for fan's sake and I was thinking, oh man, this would been an interesting game if Joelle, we were on the same team. Right. You Know, like how would the US because they would've had BAM and Davis, but really those would've been the biggest guys other than Durant.


Yeah. I was thinking who else would they have? What would be the other big that they would've gotten the USA team? It honestly might've been Chet. It could have been it. It could've been. Yeah. But it's funny, I'm looking at it like, wow that would've been, this game would've been Interesting if it was an in sheep, an in shape and bead with weby. And then go bear as the backup. Big As The backup. Not nothing. My gosh. It would've been interesting. Like France to me felt like they were one, we said it earlier, it's just that one kind of crafty guard. Short, even though they got a pretty good game from Delo. I gotta ask about your bucks really fast. You weren't on the Christmas schedule, You mean you mean us And thank God I'm so happy about that.


Well, I know you were happy because now you get Christmas with your family. But yeah, so Giannis, multiple MVP, one of the faces of the league and usually that Christmas schedule is all the faces. Now granted they have the most talent they've had in 30 years and you wanna get Weby in there and all this stuff. But I, I kind of did a double take when I saw Giannis wasn't one in one of the five games. Like this is one of the guys. Like, is is there a case building here for the, everyone is sleeping on the bucks or am I nuts? Well, Or you're not allowed to talk about this 'cause you're just gonna put it on the whiteboard. No, I'm gonna put it on the whiteboard for sure. Bill. No Christmas. But I, we weren't good enough for Christmas. Put that on the whiteboard.


Yeah, I'm gonna tease him about it for sure. Listen, when I first saw it, I was shocked. I was surprised. Was a surprise. Was I angry? No, we've lost two years in a row in the first round. Yeah. And you know, some of this you have to earn it. Like we've lost that. So now we have to get it back. I think it'll be a wake up call for everybody, you know? And at the end of the day, we wanna be playing at the end of the year anyway. Not on Christmas day, but this Is the most coach like you sounded. It's interesting. Yeah. This is the most I You coach vote. I like it. Well, I'll say, I'll build the case for Giannis for this season. Yoic, it's been a love fest.


He's won three MVPs, LeBron, Curry, kd, that generation getting all the flowers right now. Tatum just won a title and Bead won the MVP. Two years ago. You got Shade Gild, just Alexander, they're the favorites in the west, OKC, all these teams, you go down the line and we saw a lot of them in the Olympics. Lucas sitting there, he just carried his team to the finals and Giannis. It's like, this is funny how the league works where you have all these stars and sometimes guys get, and then they notice and all of a sudden you put the big chip. So I think this is good for you. Big chip on the shoulder season for yous Coming. Yeah, I there's for our whole team Bill, like I know we were injured and all that, but you still, we still lost. And teams don't like, good teams don't like to lose, they don't like to lose in the first round.


We've had an impressive summer when you think about the money we had, we had none. We had minimum contracts, you know, and to, and to get the three. Right. And Prince and Trent Were the Trent thing. The Trent thing as a Celtic fan made me mad. I was like, come on. Yeah, huge. 'cause all three of those guys you got can play in the game we just watched. They could play minutes in that. 'cause they wouldn't be scared they could play. You got three of them. Yeah, Yeah. So, it was a great summer that way. The work has been good. So now I'm really looking forward to it. I I can't wait. It's rare, bill. Well there's a lot of years. 2008, 10, that whole, you, you have teams you can't wait to get to work with.


Yeah. And I think this is one of 'em for, for me for sure. Is this the most talented the league's ever been since you've been involved in the league? It's gotta be right up there. It's, it's getting deep again. I I would say in the mid the, the late eighties, I was gonna say. Yeah. That 90 to 93 range. Yeah. Everybody was deep and, and Bill you forget, like when I started there was 23 teams. Right? Right. So if you take seven teams away from the NBA right now and spread all the Yeah. The one thing I would say in my first six years, I always thought the benches on the other teams were amazing. Like the benches would come in and run you out of the gym and you don't see that anymore.


You know, especially with the salary structures and all that. Yeah. But the teams with the great benches now, it, it'll do them favors later. So that'll be an interesting thing to watch through the season through everybody. Yeah. That was a big advantage for the Celtics last year. 'cause their bench could actually extend leads. I think that's gonna be OKC one of the best cases for them. Yes, yes. As you look at just the youth and the durability of just young legs and the ability to move people around and, And the stockpile of picks the Clippers game. That too. Yeah. Oh my gosh. How are we feeling about the, the Clippers opening the new arena? It's gonna be interesting. Have you been to the Arena?


I have not been, but you have to, you have to go. It's, you know, it's, it's James Harden and Ka Leonard who just was told to leave the Olympic team. So I, I don't know how I'm feeling. Yeah, I think they're gonna be pretty good still. I love yeah, like the, you know, the platoon pickups and all that and you know, the big three era may be kind of lost now it's really Yeah. The be the best two and then everybody that fits around them. And so, you know, they had turmoil with those three guys. You know, Paul wanted the ball more. Yeah. James James is running the show and, and to me, James shouldn't run the show. That's what he does. And that affected and you know, Paul goes through to Philadelphia.


So, but the league right now, you think about the East, I mean Philly had a great summer, a lot of great pickups. You know, we're gonna be healthy. We've had some pickups. Well the Ns you know, the Celtics, the Celtic Celtics and this is Best Nick team we've had in 30 years. Yeah. Yeah. So yeah, it's gonna be pretty interesting. Pretty Orlando interesting age for sure. Orlando kind of hanging around waiting for Know, and they listen, they, they had some great pickups pick picking up. Pope was huge for them. Right. You know, a veteran guard. That's what they needed. Miami is Miami, you know, all the guys are back. Cleveland. Cleveland kept all their dudes. Yeah. So it's gonna be a hard east this year.


It's gonna be deep and you're gonna have to earn wins. We didn't talk about Indiana who made it to the west East. We probably should mention them, right? Yeah. So it's just gonna be a tough one. And that's good. All Right. Before we wrap, your three favorite things about the Olympics, 2024 basketball audition. What's number one Curry today? My three favorite are, are Curry. The Curry today or just Curry in general? Curry the last two games. But Curry today was special. I don't know if he was more special in, in, in the qualifier the game before that, but either way, those two games to me were my favorite moments of the Olympics as far as the basketball park to watch.


My second one would be Wim like the way he can play, he played today, how emotional he was, you know, for a guy that loved basketball and the coaches. That's, that just says a lot about you. And, and, and that was pretty cool for us. Didn't non basketball, the track and field man, the women. Oh man. It was, it was, it was amazing watching. You know, you, you think about track and field, they have, they play once every four years. You know, they have the world championships and all that, but it's the Olympics. Yeah. And just watching 'em all, I I just watching 'em all was so amazing to me.


So I think Paris, it is the best Olympics that I've seen maybe ever. It just, it everything stands out. It's been beautiful. I was there unfortunately the first night of the, Oh god, of the Opening ceremonies and whoever thought of that. It was a great idea. But being there, it actually was not. You didn't see anything. You saw the boats go by on tv. I'm sure it looked great. Yeah. But thank God, you know what, the best break I've ever had was Greece was the first country, because they're always the first country. And we got to see Giannis with the flag. He went by and we were in the big USA box with Grand Hill and everybody.


And when Giannis went by and looked at Grant and everybody and said, guys, the ussa is not gonna be here for another two hours and 45 minutes. It's, it's poor rain. I'm out. So I watched that part on tv. I thought the Olympics was incredible. I wasn't prepared for how much I was gonna watch how into it I was. And the hoops was like the cherry and the sundae because that's by far the best hoops tournament that they've had. Yeah. You think back to the Oscar Schmidt era and how, you know, every, every team had like one dis now it's like these teams are actually good. But I thought the ability to go back, if you miss something and to go on Peacock and just be like, oh I'm gonna watch that a hundred yard dash, I missed it and you just queue it up.


That was amazing. Bill. I've been the number one hater of peacock until the Olympics, right? Everyone's back or any of these auxiliary channels. I hate 'em. But Peacock was amazing. Like they did their job. It was so great. Even you can watch, you have the list, like you can watch this, this or this, or you can go back and watch games. Which most of the games I watch was me going back to watch. Right? So, Well that's what we had in the west coast. Like these, some of the games were coming on at five in the morning. So, but you could just set it up and on cue it's fi it felt like the Olympics 12 years ago, eight years ago was heading toward this place where it was gonna become a relic.


It was like, oh man. 'cause I remember watching everything in 1976 and 84 and it was like, oh remember that? And it was just that era was gonna end and instead it came back, which I love. And it's like, you know, Ja, Japan should get another Olympics because they, I think that would've been amazing, but no one was there and, and so they should get another shot at it, but Well LA is gonna be, LA's gonna be, yeah. Outta control. And the hoops it's gonna, that would be the hardest ticket of all of them. Alright, Doc. Rivers. Enjoy the summer. Are you beating Larry in golf or no? What's the, what's the, what are the standings? Yeah, that's always, that's that's always. Yeah. Yeah. Larry is, he is my bank for the summer.


For sure You say it. I thought if he was retired I thought that was gonna help his golf game. But apparently not. No. No more golf does not help Larry. Alright, thanks for jumping on. Good to see you. Alright, take care.


This episode is brought to you by PNC Bank. Unlike this podcast, some things in life should be boring like banking. 'cause boring is pragmatic and responsible, levelheaded wise, all the things you want your bank to be, you don't want your bank to be exciting. Exciting is for three point buzzer beaters, not banks. That's why NC Bank strives to be boring with your money. Because when your money is doing what you need it to, you can do all the unor things you wanna do with it. PNC Bank, brilliantly boring since 1865. Brilliantly boring since 1865 is the service market of the PNC Financial Services Group, Inc. NC Bank National Association member FDIC.


You'll love Apple Card. It's everything a credit card should be and more earn up to 3% daily cash back on every purchase, which can automatically earn interest when you open a high yield savings account through Apple Card. Apply for Apple Card in the wallet app. Subject to credit approval. Savings is available to Apple cart owners. Subject to eligibility apple cart and savings by Goldman Sachs Bank, USA, salt Lake City branch member FDIC terms and more at apple card.com


we have a new segment brought to you by our friends at Yahoo Fantasy Football. And it's all about winning. Why do we play fantasy football? I have some ideas. We play for fun. We play to make fun of our friends. We play a trash talk in the send kind of semi angry texts every once in a while, but we play a win. And with Yahoo Fantasy Football, you can win in your league and someone will win $1 million. Yeah, you heard me. All you have to do is play in a private Yahoo Fantasy League. Enter the sweepstakes by September 5th, enter now a yahoo sports.com/simmons. I love Yahoo Fantasy Football because it's easy to use, it's easy to set up. I just used it recently for a draft. Let you focus on the game. Great rankings. Yahoo Fantasy Football is bringing us this segment to help you win your league. So to kick off our Yahoo, played a win segment. Let's talk drafting. They wanted me to talk about rookies and second year guys that I like. I may not Malik neighbors normally. I would say don't take anybody that you don't trust their quarterback or you think their quarterback's bad in this case. I don't think it's gonna matter. I think he's going to have at least four or five ones where he is just like the 70 yard touchdown, the 65 yard reverse run. He's gonna have five weeks where he is a hundred plus po yards points. Gets to 15, 18, 20 points for you and helps you out. James Cook on Buffalo. You look at the second half of the year last year he was like a top four running back. Why would that change this year? They're moving toward running in tight ends. CJ Stroud on Houston. Yeah, everybody likes CJ Stra, but he's still like in that kind of nine to 15 range for QBs. And to me it's like I'd love CJ Straub, I'd be happier to have him than some of the highly ranked the Dak Prescott, Kirk Cousins, those type of guys. And then H Chain on the Dolphins is the veal chop of fantasy football. As we talk about with Craig quarterback on the podcast this month. High risk, high reward. And if you hit with him, you win your league. New team guys is the other thing they wanted me to talk about. Saquon Barkley, I love him going off one of the worst offensive line quarterback situations in recently history in the Giants to go into Philadelphia. I just think he's gonna have a huge year. And Derrick Henry for the Ravens would be the other one I really like. Put these draft tips to use, create or join a Yahoo Fantasy Football League today at yahoo sports.com/simmons. And remember, someone will win $1 million. All you have to do is play in a private Yahoo Fantasy League. Enter the sweepstakes by September 5th. Enter now at yahoo sports.com/simmons. No purchase necessary open in all 50 US states or DC for ages 18 plus and September 5th, 2024. See official rules at yahoo sports.com/simmons.


Alright, so on Thursday's podcast we premiered a new segment called Five Favorites. Joe House was here for that and it was spectacular. We brought in Anthony Dund, he picked his five favorite NFL futures house. You had low expectations surpassed all of them, correct? Well just because I, I thought you were gonna try and speed Ryan us through on these, these five picks, but thank God the pod father knows Let the thing breathe. We went double the amount of time you gave us. It was wonderful. Thank you. Yeah, it's same way when we eat dinner and you decide to get the second entree, I let it breathe. It's like okay fine, we'll get the veal chop. Craig Beck is here, he produces the re watchable with me. He just hosted the dodgeball Po Dodgeball podcast a a movie that I didn't, I liked and didn't like when it came out.


I wrote a kind of half-assed, I like this, but everyone in my theater was stoned. Kind of review of it. But it's, I think you were sick of Ben Stiller in in 2004 when I was, is that what it was when 10 years old in 2004? I had no, I was not oversaturated with Ben Stiller, so I stiller. I love it. Ben Fatigue. Yeah, well that, but that's the thing about the re watchable, you never know, like hardball becomes a belated classic. You know, the re The Replacements a movie that was like truly terrible in the theater and now it's like I love the Replacements. I'm glad it's on you. Just dunno. Craig's also on our fantasy football podcast, which is gonna become relevant in a second. And he's on the town as well. Excellent Hollywood podcast. All right, Craig, your assignment, five Fantasy Targets Your Favorites.


Yep. And we're gonna go in reverse order from five to one. Okay. We're four weeks away from the start of the season. The five guys you were staring at and you're in the same position that I was in for years when I had my column way back when, when I would write fantasy football, which was controversial on page two. Back in the day, people were like, you write entire famous football comms and I put all my sleepers and my stay aways and everybody in my league would read the column and then I would just get completely effed. So you're in the same boat with that. So it's almost like you have to accept it. Yeah, I mean we're doing a ringer fantasy draft later today and I, you're just gonna steal all the players that I did give you right now. I'm sure I can't wait to do it. Alright, you're number five in reverse order.


Your fifth favorite target of the 2024 season is Derrick Henry on the Ravens. Look, I just turned 30 last week and I feel great and now I'm convincing myself that 30 is just a number and, and there is no age cliff for running Back thirties new 25 Thirties to new 25 modern medicine. So look, every year I never draft Derrick Henry because I think it's gonna be the year that it, it ends that he falls off the cliff and he never really does. And last year on the, on a Terrible Titans team, he was still a top 15 guy. Really? He was 16, but still they were a bottom five offense scoring, terrible O line. And he had no room to run. Now I, I would argue he's in the best situation of his career in Baltimore since Lamar has been a quarterback in Baltimore.


The Ravens have averaged the most yards per carry in the league and they're number one in yards before contact. It's because everyone's afraid of Lamar, which gives all these guys room to run. It's why Gus Edwards and JK Dobbins averaged six yards of carry. And now if you would say, oh well, you know, Lamar in the red zone, Derrick Henry's not gonna score as many touchdowns as he typically does. The Ravens don't use Lamar in the red zone. They wanna keep him healthy. They, they don't give him a fourth of the carries that guys like Josh Allen or or Jalen Hertz gets, I mean, Edward, there's no push push, no push push with Lamar. Not with Lamar. And it's, it's easy to see because Gus Edwards last year had 13 touchdowns and now we're upgrading to Derrick Henry. So to me Derrick Henry is discount Jonathan Taylor this year. And I think he's, wow, I think he's a first rounder Discount.


Jonathan Taylor house your reaction. Yeah, I, I kind of love it, but before I give my full breakdown, I just wanna say, speaking of staring at guys, I mean every time I get on with, with Craig, his, his handsomeness, it just comes through. He like, he gets better. He talks about turning 30, he gets better with with age. If er would put his box on, we could do ringer only fans. This is like a talk about a full set of handsome, but speaking of handsome, I love this Derrick Henry Pick and it's exact, so there is no tush push with Mar Jackson's because he's got a tiny tush. Yeah, he's a skinny dude and they don't want him up in that muck anyway, what you want is the big bull and that's Derrick Henry.


That's a guy you can trust. You know what he won't do at the goal line and what Baltimore can count on. He ain't gonna fumble the football trying to get across the line. They have a, a middle of the road offensive line. Yeah. In Baltimore that's fine because Derrick Henry can cover up a lot of that. So not withstanding whatever you might get from him in terms of rushing your arts, you're always gonna have those goal line situations. And you know, Craig said it 13 tds, that is nothing to sneeze at. You know, I was doing a, I was doing a whole bunch of football work the last five weeks including Fantasy Tears, which I do every year, which is a key podcast for you guys when you're doing this show.


And I went back and I looked at my fantasy tears for running backs from two years running backs are now like porn stars. Like you, you go back, you go back and look at like the 2000, the 2022 A VN awards and it's just a slew of actors and actresses and two years later it's a completely different slew of actors and actresses. The names change. Like Damien Harris I think was in my third running back tier two, three years ago and I don't even know if he's in the NFL anymore. So Who's Derek Henry? Lisa Ann. I don't Is Derek Henry? He's, he's just survived but I, I noticed him, I noticed McCaffrey and this is, we're talking like three years ago and now you think like how fast it changes where you guys did your tears and Brie Hall and Yep.


B Robinson Robinson read the top. Yeah. A chain caused a 15 minute conversation and none of those guys existed three years ago. But it's just funny that Henry were wondering, does he still have it? And he's 30, it's not like he's 45. There's Usually a four year cycle with running backs and Yeah, we are at the beginning of a new four year stretch. It's, yeah, Brie Hall, Bhand Robinson, Jonathan Taylor, A lot of people love Jamir Gibbs, but I just think Henry at t maybe is in like the at yeah. E-T-N-H-N. I just think Henry's in the freak category. Like he's in the LeBron camp where he's different. We have to judge him on a different curve than everybody else. Yeah. And this has been the case since he was like 15 years old. Yeah. He was playing high school football and just demolishing people in guy. He's always kids.


Outfield the biggest guy. He's still the biggest guy that that matters. Yeah. The case for it is, this is like almost like when the Patriots got Corey, Dylan in 2004 when Craig was like 10 years old, but this guy that had kind of been buried on bad teams and people still thought the pedigree was there, but we weren't quite positive. And then Corey, Dylan was just awesome on the pats and the fact that Lamar but just doesn't get running touchdowns. I like it. I saw no real signs of attrition with Henry last year. I agree with Craig. Like he said, bad quarterbacks in a bad offensive line. So, it was even hard to say like how unstoppable he was. But I like that one. That's, I think it's a fair one. I don't know who he is competing for for touchdowns running wise who's like the backup in ball.


Yeah, it's, yeah, he's gonna get him if he's healthy and he is gonna be healthy. All right. Like I would not be surprised if he had 15 touchdowns this year. I don't think anybody would. Do you, do you have H chain as one of your F five or No, I don't on this list. Is he yours? Okay. No, I, I wanted to tell House they, they had a huge argument about H Chain in the, in the Running Back Tears podcast that I ended up texting the guys about where e every year there's a guy who just, you're jealous if somebody else takes 'em, if you take 'em, you know what the steaks are and I compared him to the veal chop. Oh, okay. Every year there's a veal chop guy when you're at dinner and somebody orders the veal chop and it's a 50 50 order depending on the restaurant.


You just thought if it's a blind restaurant that you've never been to and somebody gets the veal chop and it's not you and you're like, I hope the veal chop sucks. 'cause if the veal CHOP's good, I'm gonna have so many regrets. Or if you order it, you're like, I'm super hungry, I probably should have gotten the steak. It's a safe bet, but the veal chop might be awesome. I'm just gonna roll the dice with the veal chop. And that's basically a chain this year he will either be incredible or it's gonna be week four and you're like, oh my God, he had seven carries for 20 yards, what happened? Yeah. And He like twist his knee and he is out for eight weeks. Right. And you're like, like how did, how did he go for $39 in my league? That's my concern with Karen Williams. That that's, that the, the the twisted me.


He's another one that, that's the one. Well that's not even how many small injuries and medium-sized injuries has he had already. Right. He's not a big guy and they just drafted Blake Corrum outta Michigan. Right. And the question with somebody like that is can he have 280 carries? Is he gonna be there in week 14, 15, 16? Henry has the pedigree of we know he's gonna be there anyway. Alright, your number four guy is, this One's a little more controversial. I'm really like putting my reputation on the line for this. This is definitely a sleeper. This is not like a top 20 guy. I love Josh Palmer on the Chargers this year. I feel like I am alone on a mountaintop shouting Josh Palmer's name. I I know in your head you're like, oh, Josh Palmer, what is he like 27 years old, fifth round pick.


He's actually 24 years old and he was a third round pick and now Keenan Allen and Mike Williams are gone in LA and now Josh Palmer is easily the most experienced receiver on this team. Everyone other than Palmer is either a rookie, a bust or has never played with Justin Herbert before. And if you look at all the other guys on the team, only two have caught a touchdown from Justin Herbert. One is Simi Faco who has one catch in his career and it was for a touchdown. And the other is Quentin Johnston the first round bust from last year outta TCU. So we're calling him a bust just 'cause he had one bad year. I mean, he can't even crack the first team in practice right now behind DJ Chart. Oh man. And I mean, really the coaching staff has no ties to him.


It's not like his competition is incredible and he can't, he still can't break the first team. Palmer's got nine tots ons over the last three years and if you look at him last year, he was banged up. He was on pace for a thousand yards while playing with Keenan Allen and now Mike Williams and Josh Palmer and Keenan Allen are gone. And my rule in fantasy football, I I I've, I've decided I don't draft wide receivers for shitty quarterbacks. Like I I just won't do it. It's not fun. It's like the arrested development line. Like I have the worst fucking attorneys. Like I'm just not doing it. if you have a bad quarterback, and I think we all need to admit that Josh Palmer's a, a quality player and him going outside of the top one 50 and drafts is ridiculous. I think he's gonna be the leading wide receiver on the Chargers. So the people that would foil that would be McConkey.


Yeah. If he turns out to be good who's Hurt right now. But I do like McConkey, but that's really it. He's a rookie and he is hurt. He's DJ DJ Shark. Yeah. Yeah. I it's a good point because if it's a bad quarterback, odds are nobody will get the, the yards and the touchdowns. But if it's an above average quarterback or a good quarterback, the yards have to go somewhere. How many guys have we seen over the years end up with 1200 yards and they're like, wait that guy and like 1,190 yards. He sucks. How did that happen happen? The Harbaugh, the Harbaugh, Greg Roman offense, they were together in San Francisco and everyone's like, well they're just gonna run the ball all the time. They're not gonna throw. That's fine. They're still gonna throw a little bit in those nine. Yeah, they're gonna need touchdowns.


Those niners years, Michael Crabtree, Anquan Bolden and Vernon Davis, those guys were all putting up solid fantasy years and we're just ignoring every, everybody who catches passes on the Chargers and I, and it's just because Josh Palmer's irrelevant and unsexy. Well the other piece with that is I I've actually liked Josh Palmer in games that I've watched. He's good. Nobody wants to Admit Josh Palmer's good. He's One of those guys. If he's on the fantasy wire, you did give him the extra look. Where do you stand? House, where do you stand on the Chargers offense and people scoring touchdowns on it. I know this one's dicey your house. So I I'll I'll be okay if you don't like this one. Well, It's, it's not that I don't like it. Where are we supposed to take him? What's the right price? That, that will help me understand it. Yeah. Is he like an $11 guy, like in the second tier when people are paying like 17 bucks to get whoever and you feel like you can kind of steal him, you'll, You'll be able to get him him for less than 10 bucks.


Right now if you, in terms of like rankings, he's going outside the top one 20 sometimes one 50. I think that's insane. He should be going in the top 75, top eight. Yeah. Any number one receiver with a good quarterback at least Yeah. With The top eight quarterback. Sure. But You bring up a different point off of that point, which is Herbert, who I think used to be somebody everybody loved having on their fantasy team and you know, would go for bigger bucks for quarterback auctions and he'd be a higher draft pick. But people seem to be terrified of him. He's hurt, he's got the pointer pointer fascia thing. He's got the Harbaugh offense. He even a fantasy starter this year?


I don't think so. Wow. He's not gonna run a lot. I think they're gonna be like bottom five in the league in passing. Oh, I think the team is gonna be good and it's probably gonna be better overall and, and real football, but no, I I I don't think he should be a top 12 Guy. Can I throw quarterbacks at you guys and tell me if you would take Justin Herbert over them just in fantasy? Yeah. Oh, let's do that. Bryce Young? No, You would take him over Bryce Young. I would, Yes. Yeah, I I want to answer it correctly. I would take Herbert over Bryce Young. Yes. Trevor Lawrence. I'd rather have Lawrence Me too. Jaden Daniels.


Jaden Daniels easily. Wow. I I feel like that I need, I need to recuse myself. I have too much invested. What do you mean recuse yourself? Why can't you just answer it honestly? Because I know Baker Mayfield. Baker Mayfield Herbert's better. Yeah. So he's somewhere between Jaden Daniels and Baker Mayfield. I have him 14th. Would you rather have him or Rogers? Oh that's close because I, I think both teams aren't gonna throw a ton. Probably Herbert, I don't know that's close. you can, I I would be fine if you wanted Rogers. Would you rather have Deshaun Watson or Matt Ryan who's no longer in the league?


It's close. I don't know. Deshaun Watson lot upside You look the, the Deshaun Watson that won the, that game against Baltimore in Baltimore in that fourth quarter by essentially running like, I think that version of, of the offense is there if they can protect him. Yeah. They didn't ask him to throw the ball more than 10 yards down the field in over that entire stretch. And they kick Baltimore's ass. They out physical them. So if that's the version of Deshaun that becomes the blueprint for Cleveland this upcoming season. I I don't, I don't hate him. And that's, that's all we need to hear from Deshaun. Watson's defense attorney Joe House.


Well He didn't play any more games after that 'cause he got hurt. That was the last game, but his last, he went out on a high. I like the Josh Palmer one. I'm in on that one. It it is one of those things though where I feel like when we get closer to opening day and somebody really pumps, pumps him up and all of a sudden somebody's spending $16 for him in your auction, you're, What's going on? I don't think anybody gives a shit about Josh Palmer. No one's gonna say a word when you draft him and I think he'll start for you all year. What did the Danny say about this? Danny Kelly is, is is with me and Heif is against me. Okay. Is Josh Palmer who, who's better to target in that offense? All kidding aside, will Disley or or Josh Palmer? I Think it's Josh Palmer. Okay. Yeah, I think so too.


Alright. Third pick is, I don't know if I'm just being a contrarian because everybody else is out on this guy and sometimes I just tend to zag, but I'm into Christian Watson, the receiver on the Packers. Oh. Who everybody's completely out on and I think he's of the biggest steals of the year. Everybody Hey man, what did I Go, I'm gonna raise my hand right here. What happened? I hate, listen, this is all sports hate and fantasy hate, but I fantasy fucking hate his guts. Yeah. I hate that guy. He killed me last year and I traded for him and then he immediately turned it on. I was so mad. I I traded him to you. I got him. I know I got him. Oh that This is the time to buy. Lemme tell you why I think he's discount Mike Evans.


I really do. This is exactly the situation you want. Makes sense. In fantasy. He's an affordable number one guy in the offense. The offense is very good. He has an elite quarterback, great play caller. I think we're just overthinking all of this. Everybody's in love with Davian Wicks and Jayden Reed who I think are all good players. Yeah. But when Kristen Watson was actually on the field and playing, it was clear that he was the number one option. He led the team in Targets and end zone targets and ards. He played eight, nine games last year. And in those nine games he led the league in end zone targets like this. This guy's, do you remember his rookie season? He had eight touchdowns in in four. I Had him that year. Yeah. No, he, four games was, he was kind of electric. He reminds me of Drake, London where these guys in fantasy who don't actually produce, but they become sexier picks than maybe the value is.


And with the Watson thing, we just haven't seen 'em stay in the field for an entire season. And also I really, I worry about how good their receivers are. Like maybe it's one of those teams that just, they have four good guys. Maybe there is no number one receiver on that team. Is that possible? It's possible. But usually the cream rises to the top. And with him there we have like a sample size of last year he was clearly the number one guy when they were all on the field. He just had this hamstring issue and it was the same thing Kamara had, I don't know, I know if you guys remember that from last year, he had like, basically his legs weighed different amounts. Chris Watson's. Yeah. Muscles in his legs are very imbalanced. And he realized that this off season one leg was 20% stronger than the other leg and Kamera had the same issue and it's why he kept pulling his hamstring over and over.


And now he's claimed that they're only 6% apart and he's fixed it and he's been healthy all camp and he looks great. So I think Massive Steel. This is why, this is why Craig, it's one of the top fantasy football podcasts because we talk about leg weight percentages. Yeah. 6% feels like it's in the right ballpark. What were you gonna say house? Just That I lived through this with Keenan Allen two years ago when I bought him for $42 in our auction league. And the mother effer pulled a hamstring and never like showed up and then came back last year and was effing dominant the whole season. So much so that I think he helped, you know, somebody, you know, finish very high in, in our league. The Christian Watson proposition makes so much sense.


'cause he is their vertical game. He stretches the field, he's the guy that gets the most out of what Jordan Love is best at. To me, which is getting the ball, the f down the field with accuracy. Watson's the beneficiary of it. I like this. Where do we take him though, Craig? What? What's the right price? Where are we getting him? Yeah, what tier? What tier? You haven't done receiver tiers yet, so is he, what's he like? Tier four? Tier three? Yeah. Right now the the great thing about him is he's incredibly affordable. He's going like 80th overall right now. Great. And meanwhile, like Nico Collins is going in his, in the, in the thirties and you tell me what is the dude Like Nico Collins? Yeah, but Nico Collins. Nico Collin Collins plays football every Day. Okay. Fair. But you were talking about Nico. Nico Collin stays in the field. There's one I mean, but you were like, oh, there's a million ride receivers in Green Bay who, you know, how many balls is Christian Watson gonna get?


Well, Nico Collins is going up against Stefan Diggs Tank Dell. No one seems to care about that. And yet there's much less competition in my opinion in Green Bay with Christian Watson. And you can get 'em 50 spots later. Yeah, that's pretty Good. I like this. I'm I'm on Watson. I like it. Well, House loves Green Bay. I feel like houses I do. Green Bay could, could be every year there's a team that could really just kill people from an NFL future standpoint, from a division bet standpoint, from win total standpoint, from fantasy standpoint, they're being treated like they are, you know, one of the great offenses of the 2000 twenties, the way we're all talking about them. And I include myself because I think they're gonna be really good and I'm just wondering like how disappointing it could get.


That's fair. I mean, what, what you wanna do is, is like you wanna find those offenses that are gonna take the big leap in fantasy. I if you were able to predict the Texans ascension last year, you would've won your league. And so it's like trying to find, You know, we were doing that with, we were doing that with Atlanta for like three years in a row and we're paying 25 bucks for Kyle. Yeah, we're doing, we're back doing it one more time. But yeah, sometimes it's not an offense you expect that ends up being the offense. I just think it's weird that everybody's in love with the Packers. Everybody thinks they're a top five team. People have them as a Super Bowl contender and like there's nobody on their team getting drafted in the top 40 in fantasy. It's weird. That's fair. Hmm. All right, we're down to the top two. Who do you have in the number two spot?


I've, I've never said this in my life, but I'm betting on the Jets and I I love Garrett Wilson. I think it, I think he's gonna be one of the best wide receivers in the league. I have him as my third wide receiver off the board. I genuinely do not see a scenario in which he's not a top five guy unless he gets hurt. I just don't see it. Well wait, wait, wait. Unless he gets hurt. What if Rogers gets hurt or should I say when Rogers gets hurt? I don't see a non-injury related scenario. Okay. In which he's not a top five guy so I understand if you're worried about that, but to me he's clearly one of the best wide receivers in the league. I mean he, he was fourth in the NFL in targets last year and yet he had a terrible fantasy year 'cause he was catching passes from Zach Wilson and Tim Boyle.


Four and a half yards down the field. Yeah. The Jets all they could muster. I do my, the player rankings that I do that really helped me like figure out the team and the future and all that stuff. And he was the toughest one to figure out, out all the receivers. 'cause I had like as Alphas, Jefferson and Tyreek, I think they're just at the top like that they're, I had them for five pointers and then I had Chase and Adams and Lamb and AJ Brown and St. Brown as the four pointer guys and I really wanted to put Wilson in that group. But it's more a Rogers thing than a Wilson thing for me. That's fair. I dunno if I trust Rogers to stay healthy. I think from a talent standpoint, if you just switched Wilson with any of those teams, I feel like he, I just feel like he'd be in that conversation.


I'm with you. I think from a talent standpoint he should be in the top four. Yeah. I Mean I just, I don't what do, like what do we expect from Rogers? I know that's been a big topic, but what are like what's, what are the tea leaves saying? Well I, if you, if you draft Tyree kill, you gotta deal with to his health. I mean you always gotta factor that in with a lot of guys, but to me, I just think this is the biggest upgrade at quarterback in the history of the NFL probably. And there I could list you a million stats as to why last year was such a disaster. I don't know if you're, do you remember week one when Rogers got hurt and Zach Wilson came in and he actually threw a touchdown to Garrett Wilson. But Wilson had to like intercept his own pass. He like tipped it to himself and Yeah, I mean the Jets blew for 11 touchdowns last year in the entire season 11.


Give house your, give house, your inside the five stat. Oh, for Brie Hall? Yeah. The, the Jets. The Jets were the only team in the league to not give their running back a carry from the one they were the only team and any Running back, not just anyone, all the running backs, the one, the team, they did not have a carry from the one yard Line. Andree Hall had one carry inside the five All S days a year. Nathaniel Hackett baby. So I walk back. But yeah, also, it's basically just Garrett Wilson, Mike Williams is there. He is coming off an ACL. He is older. And if you go back to all of Roger's receivers, I, there's a good stat that anytime a Rogers receiver has seen over 140 targets in a year, they have not finished lower than fourth at wide receiver.


Jordan Nelson, Greg Jennings, Devonte Adams and I, I think Garrett Wilson's gonna see 140 targets and I think he's better than all those guys. Maybe not Devonte Adams. You see the problem with Garrett Wilson is he's going to be treated in that, in that real estate bracket with Jefferson and Tyreek and Chase and AJ Brown and Lamb. I think, I think he's, I think he's Going The second fourth or fourth or sixth, fourth, fifth, sixth receiver taken in any draft price-wise or in a draft. That's fine With me. Yeah, I think, I think in some drafts it'll go in the second round. I think you can take them in the first. Hmm. Any last Garrett Wilson thoughts house? You just have to, to be an all in person on the Jets and I kind of am.


I've I've got some exposure. Me O aligns way better. Yeah, It's way better. And the, the, you know, the what they, what they did defensively as well. I'm just, I just think they're gonna be able to control both sides of the ball. And I, I I like the Jets. Yeah. I don't know what food item Garrett Wilson would be in this scenario. Oh, he's, he's a delicacy Because he's not the, he's not the veal shop. It's more he might be like, it's a really high end seafood. Yeah. A Rare, a rare sushi item. We should have just done that as a podcast. Food items compared to it's not too late. It's not too late. I'm here for it, baby. I had the, the Tiki Barber as the Reuben 20 years ago where you, it's, you just know the Reuben's gonna be good and if you don't order it always stop.


If somebody else at the table orders it and you're like, fucking, hey, the Reen looks great, why didn't I get the Reuben A, it's so reliable. Cut Me a corner of that thing. Who, who's the Reen running back this year? Is it Derrick Henry? Oh. Oh, that's not bad. Every year you're like, eh, I don't know. And then in week 180, That's fun having Derrick Henry could be Jonathan Taylor. Sure. I don't trust him. I didn't, I don't, I don't like what happened with him last year. All right, it's time. Craig's number one fantasy target for 2024. Who is it? Cooper Cup. I love it. I felt this way. I love, I felt this way even before Puka KU got hurt, even though Pukas supposed to be ready and back for week one, but right now you can get Cooper Cup round or two later than Puka and I just think that's wrong.


I know he is had the injuries the last few years, but he's so affordable right now and he is healthy and I think he's incredibly slept on Last year he hurt his hamstring twice before the season started and then hurt his ankle again. Midseason. And he like half got healthy at the end of the year. And over those last six weeks, him and pka were both top 10 guys at the position. And I just cups a maniac about health. PCA's already hurt. pka was working out with Cup this off season and was throwing up every day because Cooper Cup works out so hard. I'm like, look, he's 31, he's not 37, he's two years removed from winning the Triple Crown. And this offense is only gonna go to pka and Cooper Cup. And I, I'm completely trusting the connection between Stafford and Cup.


I think the Rams are gonna be really good this year. And I'm basically, in my opinion, I'm getting the same old Cooper Cup for like half the price And it's, he's also hit that age, which has been happening with fantasy football ever since we started playing fantasy football where guys become boring to take. Yeah. Especially when they hit their thirties. Keenan Allen Marvin last year was perfect example of that. This was Marvin Harrison forever. Yeah. He was like, ah, I've had Marvin Harrison. Then he would go for eight bucks less than he should have gone for. And all of a sudden you're like, oh shit. You know, who's the top four receiver of Marvin Harrison? The reading about him this year, he's hitting a lot of the check marks of the guy who's just like, last year was a year from hell.


I'm never letting that happen again. I'm an absolute fucking maniac. This off season teammates talking about, I've never seen the look in an eye, his eye like I've seen this year. Like it's been a lot of that. People like, holy shit, he's a man possessed. So I, I always like that stuff too. I will say with fantasy and with real and with any sport, I almost think we need a new name for pulled hamstring. It should just be like gunshot wound. Like, it, it's, it, it doesn't sound dangerous enough for what it is. Anyone gets, well it just happened to my daughter. Like, you, you have a hamstring and it's like, yeah, it should be four to six weeks. It's not, it's basically like somebody took an elephant gun and shot you in the leg.


Whoa. And it's never the same for months. We, We always say you pulled a muscle, what it really is is a tear. We should be saying torn hamstring. Yes. Yeah. There's no such thing as a, as a hamstring pull. Yeah. You tore the muscle and it takes forever and you can't come back from it because when you come back you just keep making it worse and you keep making it worse and it never Yeah. Recovers or gets better. I support strong language like severed. Yeah, severed hamstring. Detached, I mean detached probably, I don't know, Hamstring, the hams stringing ax wound. Yeah. It just needs to sound more dangerous than it is. But yeah, he was never the same. And then finally last, I don't know, six weeks started to look more like Cup, but at that point Nku had passed him.


I have some slight concerns about the Rams because I think they were better than people realized last year. And I, I thought they were discount Detroit for really the last two months of the season especially. And what they got from Williams at running back and some, some stuff went right for them last year. And I'm just these top heavy teams. It's just takes like two guys going down and all of a sudden, like your seasons spiraling outta control. But fundamentally it's a fun, it's a fun one. Plus. Yeah. Look, you're playing for first you're betting on pedigree. Yeah. I'm not playing for sixth place. Like if it all blows up, it all blows up. You know, I'll take my P Well here, here's the reason for Cup and, and it's supportive of, of what both of you are saying. I also think that the Rams are are prepared to take a step back.


It's on defense. It's on defense because Aaron, Donald is irreplaceable. Yeah. They grabbed two Florida state defensive linemen and that's awesome. Like great team building, great job by them. But the sheer vacuum that is left by Donald not being there, it it, it's gonna expose, they had two rookies last year. You know, accumulate most of the sacks, most of the pressures because Aaron, Donald is occupying four human beings all at once. Right. So I think the defense is, is, you know, their, their front seven is like a a a bottom 10, front seven. Their secondary is in the same class. So what that means is the Rams are gonna be playing from behind and if they're playing from behind, then Cooper Cup is going to be a prime target and as long as Matthew Stafford is, is healthy, then I like this idea of, of Cup this resurgence, this let's, let's get him back to the top year.


I mean like two years ago Cup was going like fourth overall in your drafts and now he's going 40th. He's the same guy. Well that's the thing. Once like the a plus lister, receivers start going off the board. The value guys, those guys that, especially in the auctions, the guys you can grab for like 15 bucks, nine bucks, 12 bucks. Couple probably go. I think by the time we get to the season, people will probably sniff this out a little bit better. There's been some Rams offensive line stuff already though, right. As in bad stuff or good stuff. Bad stuff. I thought bad. That was like some shaky stuff in the preseason in the training camp and they've already had a couple injuries. Yeah. And, but McVey has continued to reinvent himself. Yeah.


McVeigh is the best coach in the league in my opinion. He, from the of offense they were running three years ago is like completely different from what they're doing now. They've completely switched up the way they run the ball. They're gonna be like way heavier this year. More tight end two tight end sets. They were used to be 11 personnel completely. So I think it's just gonna be puka and cup on the field with two tight ends a lot. Who is your number one stay away for 2024? That's actually gonna get highly drafted or bought. Who's your, who's on your d and d list? Jamar Chase. Oh wow. I don't, I don't want anything to do with the Bengals and Joe Burrow's wrist. Joe Bur you can add Joe Burrow that list as well. I, I'm with Craig.


He's not, Bengals are the Bengals are a d and d for me this year. He's, it's a, He's not allowed to to practice three straight days in a row. He's not allowed to throw the football three straight days in a row. Heif has been joking about this. He's like, I will draft Joe Burrow when he throws a football for five straight days. Yeah. That seems like a fair request. He, He ain't wrong. There's no quarterback or pitcher in the history of sports that has suffered the same injury. Burrow has, it's only lineman. Where do you stand on Caleb? I think I'm, I'm a little bit in on Caleb. We were talking about teams like trying to find this year's Texans. I think, I think the Bears are in play there. I think they have a sneaky good offensive line. I think they have a sneaky good defense above Average offensive line and some weapons.


Oh. I mean he has the best supporting cast of any rookie since I don't know when. Right. Did you watch hard knocks this week? No, I actually haven't yet. How was it? I'm not gonna say I wanna have this conversation with you again after you've watched hard knocks. Oh, okay. Interesting. I have an opinion. I'm not gonna say, I'm not gonna say anything that Sounds ominous to me. I don't, doesn't Have to be ominous. It could be. I'm all the way in. It was incredible. This dude's a born leader. They're a badass. Abra flues is a genius. Wait till you see his daughters. It's gonna be a wonderful experience. Or it could be, this is gonna be a train wreck. He's a midget. His accuracy is questionable.


It could go either way. Alright, That Was a great tease. Check out coach, coach Abra Flu's daughters. That's all. Okay. Now we're not the OnlyFans. I I have the giants on my d and d list this year and I, I've, I'm fully aware of all the neighbor stuff that's happening. I've seen the clips, he's incredible. But that's almost more of a reason that 'cause neighbors is gonna be in the higher real estate camp. And I just don't trust dimes at all, and I'm staying away from the entire team. Like I said, avoid all wide receivers with shitty quarterbacks. There's nothing worse than just praying that if your guys open, your quarterback can even get him the ball. Well, and plus the, the shitty quarterback can hurt the receiver. Yeah. Put him in, leading him over the middle so he can get annihilated.


Craig, talk me out of it. My DND list player. Okay. Travis Kel. I agree with it. I mean, look, he's Bas he's basically said I only care about January. Yeah, they're keeping him on ice. 'cause he, he completely took off last year in the playoffs. He did. He hurt his ankle in his knee early on in the year, but so he, I think he kind of took his foot off the gas. I think the Chiefs really wanna win this. I think they are set on, this is their year. They're gonna give everything they have this year to win this third Super Bowl in a row. And then Travis Kelsey might retire. Okay. So I don't, he's not my number one tied in off the board. Yeah, but look, I mean e even a Travis Kel year, that's an eight outta 10. He's still a top three guy.


Okay. Can I polish off one last fantasy take before we go? Yeah. Tight end. Boom. Yeah. There used to be a time when there was like two good tight ends and then five guys you could live with. And then if you didn't, now you're in the 8, 9, 10 camp and all of a sudden you just have this dude who's gonna get 47 catches for 540 yards and four tds and you just wanna trade for one of the expensive fed ends. There's so many options this year. Even think like somebody like Musgrave on Green Bay, like I like that guy when he was out there and he was healthy. Nku was awesome. Last year. Kincaid on Buffalo, friar Moth on Craig Steelers.


McBride was a fucking stud. Hawkinson Andrews people like Andrews's backup in Baltimore, LA Porta, Kelsey Kittle. Like I, to me it's like the, the, the days of I need to get an awesome tight end. I'll spend 20 to 25 bucks. Like those days are over. You don't need to do that, in my opinion. I agree. I agree. I mean like Brock Bowers, the rookie outta Georgia is like the best bowers, tight end prospect ever. And he's not even the top 10 guy outta drafts, so I totally Agree. Did you see they, the Raiders released their first step chart for offense and they just, they're going full 12. They're like, here, here's our four tight ends and here's our four receivers. And they were just like, this is who we're gonna be this year. Guys just FYI. So Bowers and me are gonna start and play big minutes.


Yeah. All these tight ends. I, we were talking about it on the fantasy show. It's like all these guys are freak receivers now and it's like how we were comparing it to NBAI. It's like all these big guys started learning how to dribble and shoot like 10 years ago. And it's kind of the same way now with all these tight ends. It used to be like there was a couple freaks who were like wide receivers and blockers and now most of them are Just pseudo wide receivers. It's like every tight end now. Kyle Pitts is a receiver. Tell I'll a receiver. Travis Kelsey. Kyle Pitts is Kyle Pitts is on my lifetime. D and d He really, really hurt my feelings. I thought about putting him on this list. He's close. Wow. He it never again. It's never again. Can't do it. This is the time to buy. Think I spend 30 bucks on him two years ago.


His stock will never be lower. Well, he's not gonna be on my team. Alright, Craig, listen to The Ringer Fantasy Football show. It's an excellent podcast house. Thanks for joining. I didn't even tell you what the topic was. I knew you'd enjoy it. Love just so much. Thanks for stepping in, guys. All right. That's it for the podcast. Thanks to Doc Rivers, thanks to Craig Beck and Joe House. Thanks to Steve Saru and Kyle Creon for producing. I am probably gonna be gone for a week. There's a chance I'll pop in middle of the week, but maybe not. So I'm, I'm, I'm like trying to think what athlete I'm like, I'm like Kawhi Leonard. You go to the Clipper game.


You don't know if I'm playing or not, but I will definitely at the very least be back a week from Sunday. But you might see me once during the week. So enjoy the rest of the weekend.