
You're listening to The Bill Simmons Podcast presented by FanDuel FanDuel. Sportsbook is the best place to bet on the NBA A. We have these fun little Tuesday, Friday player performance stuff. We have same game parlays, we have picks for me sometimes and boosts and all kinds of fun things. Get ready in the playoffs. Download the FanDuel Sportsbook app today to get in on the action. And by the way, The Ringer is committed to responsible gaming. Please visit The Ringer dot com slash rg to learn more. Listen to the end of this episode. For additional details. Must be 21 plus President Select states game problem called one 800 GAMBLER. Or visit rg help.com.


Hey Boston. We are coming to do a live sold out re watchable show on Thursday and then the Coolidge Corner Film Festival, all of our favorite Boston Heist movies that whole weekend. So you can check it out. The Ringer dot com slash events. Get tickets there.


This episode is brought to you by vrbo, private Vacation Rentals with vrbo, you always get the whole house so you and your fellow fans can cheer on your team in peace. What's worse than watching a game with somebody who's not rooting for the same team? You're rooting for nothing. But that's why if you book a vacation house with vrbo, you know all the people in your house, they'll be friends, they'll be family. Ideally, they'll be the ones who also root for my teams. Plan a winning vacation, make it a vrbo.


We're also brought to you by The Ringer Podcast Network. Put up a new re watchable. Last night we did blue Chips. It was actually one we had kind of talked about before, eight years ago before we had the category. So we brought it back for the NLAI NIL era. It was me and Van Lathan and Chris Ryan. You could Check that out. You can also check out the Prestige TV podcast, white Lotus episode six. We broke that down as well. Speaking of the Prestige TV pod, me and Sean Fantasy and Joanna Robinson. On Wednesday we're gonna break down the first couple episodes of the studio, Seth Rogan's New Hollywood Show, which we were all really intrigued by. So that is coming on Prestige as well.


And don't forget about FanDuel Sportsbook where player performance doubles every Tuesday, all the college basketball stuff. And then we have a bunch of, bunch of bets we're gonna talk about, not just for college basketball, but for the MLB. Later we have Tate Frazier and Kyle Mann. Coming up we're gonna talk big picture about March Madness, what we have coming, things we've noticed, favorite things. Then I asked Anthony Dabbundo to come on and talk about his five favorite MLB bets heading into a new season. And then last but not least, our old friend Cali Curry, is going to come on to talk about The Bachelor franchise, which is in complete disarray what's gonna happen to it. So yeah, college basketball.


Baseball, The Bachelor. You're not getting this anywhere else. It's all next first. Our friends from Pearl Jam. All right. Callie Curry is here. You can hear her on The Ringer Reality TV podcast. I haven't talked to you since you've lived in Charlotte. Charlotte for the year. Yeah. But you, you know, it's not, hasn't been a great season.


But what, what have been your Charlotte NBA impressions Bill? I just wanted to tell, I wanna tell everyone, including the listeners, that before the season started, you texted me and said, am I crazy for thinking that Charlotte is a playoff team? I a lot of injuries. And I said, no, you're not crazy. I think they're gonna be better than people think this year. Yeah. They have a chance to get the number one pick if people are not aware. Yeah. So it didn't go the way that we thought. But I have never seen a team have more injuries. It's like player after player, after player after player. And that's it. Sometimes just have the bad JuJu and then that's how it gifts. Yeah.


Also, you know, they're super young. I just, we'll see what it looks like next year. But I do think that they have good pieces. So is Seth, he's officially in his like wise vet stage of his career? That's where we've landed. Yeah. A hundred percent. Like don't know, like just taking young guys under his wing and telling them about the league. Yeah. And you know, just like this is, you know how things work on most other teams. He's the oldest by a lot. He does not know the music played in the locker room for sure. Oh, he got to that stage. Yeah, like a hundred. I mean the average age on this team has to be like maybe 23, 24.


Jesus. Like they're so young. Yeah, Well that, but He loves it and he loves Charles Lee absolutely loves, I don't know anyone that doesn't like Charles Lee to be honest with you. Loves Charles Lee loves the new management, loves like he's enjoying it. He likes being back home. So he's super happy. The Charles Lee piece when he left the Celtics just unanimous approval rating. Right. And he went there and I told you that. I was like, everybody Boston absolutely fucking loves this guy. And then it seems the same thing's happening there. Even though they're losing. Yeah. Which is, I mean obviously it sucks to lose and going from Boston to Charlotte is probably huge. And even before that he was in Milwaukee so he's done like a lot of winning.


Yeah. And been on a lot of winning teams. And so this is probably a huge adjustment for him, but he's like super positive. So nice. Him and his wife. They're, they're awesome. What gimme the doc scouting report. My old podcast partner who ditched me ditched the PN went back coaching the Bucks. So I've been studying his faces and just seeing, seeing like he seems pretty happy with the team trying not to text him too much, but he seems okay with everything. I have never, or maybe not, not never but in a very long time have seen him like happy when things aren't going well.


And it's not that like he's, you know, okay with it, but he feels like there's things that can be done to change things. He absolute. Actually the other day I asked him, we were talking about like people getting on people's nerves and I was like, I mean listen, like every coach is gonna have players that get on his nerves and he was like, I honestly like every guy on this team. Like he really, really likes his team. Yeah. And I think that makes a huge difference. And he probably obviously has been doing it for so long, but the longer he's done it and had to be around a ton of different personalities and different organizations, I think he's just really happy to coach players that he like really gets along with even though it's not perfect.


Yeah, I got the sense that it's, he, it's been refreshing for him to be around pro anti no agenda pros, basically just people do their job and all like each other. Yes. And everyone's like respectful. Everyone like the stars on that team kind of act like every other player. Yeah. Like they don't, they have no desire to be treated like significantly different. Which I remember Austin saying that he played with like a superstar and was saying how he's never late. He like does what every other person is doing, like doesn't ask for any special treatment. And I was like, yeah but like you know, PE guys are like used to the stars doing that.


Yeah. But I think when a star doesn't do that, it's like huge for the rest of your team. Yeah. Well that's like your brother-in-law is the ultimate example of that, right? That's like every time somebody joins the words, it just happened with Jimmy Butler. There was, there was the big story about him talking about Steph like I can't believe what an amazing teammate he is and all he wants to do is win and he's the first guy there and blah blah blah. But it's the recurring theme with him. Yeah. I think that that's less normal with especially the level that stephan's at. Like you hit the jackpot if you have someone like that on your team. Yeah. That seems to be the fulfilling thing. I think that's why Steve Kerr is like, I'm never leaving as long as he's here.


Why I'm just staying. Why would you, Were you worried about him a couple months ago before they made that trade? Just like where, 'cause they, 'cause as a long time step fan and Steph watcher, he started to get that body language look of like the way the world is on my shoulders and I'm too old to be able to carry this. I, no, I wouldn't say that I was worried about Stephan because Stephan's whole life is in basketball. Yeah. Like It's shocking when you're around him but like he really does prioritize like his family and he's very happy like off the court. It's just happened to be that he's one of the best shooters of all time And like, I'm not saying he doesn't like work, he works insanely hard but basketball's not his entire life.


So like I was not worried about him at all. Do I think that like he just turned 37 yesterday or Yeah. A week ago. Do I think that he's probably like, what's the plan? I'm sure but I can tell you I just saw him yesterday. Couldn't be happier. Very happy with the way things are going right now. Yeah. They got the, it's like the little, the new guy Buzz. Sometimes a TV show will have this when the new person joins a TV show and it's like oh good season of the show. New energy. Yeah. And it's working out better than I thought it would to be honest. Yeah. So I was, I was way more glass half full on it.


'cause I really thought Jimmy still had his fastball. Yeah. And was just kind of ha had it in his back pocket waiting for the right situation. But you know, it's not the, the dream on Jimmy piece was gonna be the fun part, but it seems like they really clicked. Yeah, so far They're, they they seem to be doing just fine. I, what's crazy to me is like what, what seed will they end up being? Right? Yeah. Like I would not want them in a first round if I've won. Like if they end up like let's say they end up like a five seat, six seat. Like that sucks for whoever the third seat is. No question. Like you won the whole year and you get them the first round. I felt that way. I went to the Clippers OKC game on Sunday and now Kauai and who knows how long that's gonna last.


But he looks really, really good. And I was sitting there going, this would be a crazy eight seed. Yeah. This team, they have two like hall of fame scores slash players. Yeah. OTs is a like His center out of his mind. Yeah. They have royal guys all over the place. They have Norm Powell who's like instant offense. They have one of the best coaching staffs and they have, they actually have a home court advantage finally. Which is the craziest piece. Yeah. And two coaches won a champion championship. Qua has won championships. Like I wouldn't wanna draw them either. And it sucks that the young teams are at the top 'cause they're gonna end up with one of these veteran teams that have been there and done it before.


Yeah. So because I, people might think I'm crazy but I think the same thing about the Suns. I'm like, if the suns happen to draw OKC, is it impossible for them to be able to pull it off? I don't think so. There's, there's signs of life With the suns signs of life. Signs of it's like they were, they were in the where, what do they put the hole where the coffin goes. They were in there and the dirt was starting and then all of a sudden Katie was like, Hey. Yeah. And am I surprised that Katie all of a sudden is scoring 40 points a night? No, I'm not that surprised. You know what I, yeah. It's just like, can I see that happening again during the playoffs and it be a tough matchup for an OKC or a Houston.


Yeah. That sucks as your eight seed. Yeah it's, I still feel pretty good about Yeah, yeah, yeah. Seeing them over the Clippers. But it's a good point. Like the fact that they're the nine seat is nuts. 'cause you think about like the 7, 8, 9 teams in the, in the east and it's a little bit of a drop off once you get past Detroit. Yeah. But although the magic are looking better now too. So Yeah. A little bit better. I have a random Charlotte question. Yes. So, so Seth, your husband is on a team that is like the weigh station stop on the schedule 'cause they're not having good season, right? You're on the East Coast trip. A couple of these teams are in the lottery. So when these teams come in it's kind of like it's a no win situation for the other team.


They're supposed to win, you might rest a couple guys and that's just kind of been the whole season. What's it like to just go to the games when you're rooting for the team? That's kind of in that weird spot One, I would say the fans are better fans than you'd think for where they are. Yeah. I've been to some other arenas when their team is about the same place as Charlotte is and it's like awful to go to those games if the game is tight. Like the fans are up and cheering and like they're essentially playing for nothing right now. Right. So you wouldn't think that fans would care that much. They did just redo the arena. So it's nicer.


Oh that to the games. That's good. Yeah. But it is weird. Like the Knicks played everyone obviously Jalen Brunson's out and they won by 20 because of what you're saying. Like I'm sure the Knicks rolled in there like automatic dub. Right. But Charlotte's whole team is like a bunch of like 19 year olds that have all the energy in the world. So if they get up and you're not taking them seriously, like they will steal a win. Like they've beat teams that you're like how, how are they beating these teams? And then they'll lose to the Wizards. Right. So they're feisty offensively. Yeah. You don't know what you're gonna get. And if Mella was playing and hitting the most outrageous shots in the world, like it is fun and Miles, Bridge's post playoffs has been amazing.


Yeah. A post Allstar break. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Oh yeah. Plus All Star. Yeah. So is DeMelo, is he as talented as you thought he was or is he even more talented? I think he is way more talented than I thought he was before we got here. Yeah. What is it specifically? It's hard. I his offense is like the things that he does, the shots that he makes that look like who, like these are circus shots. Yeah. But he makes a decent percentage of 'em. So it's kind of like you gotta let him have it I guess. And he can see things like he is so talented it, I'm hoping that everyone gets healthy and next season they have a chance.


'cause I'd love to see him like on a good team. Yeah. I don't like to judge like that talented of a player. Like people will be like, oh but the team's always bad. I'm like, but yeah that's not his fault. Yeah. Like what is he supposed to do? So I'm interested to see what he would look like on a, on a good team. 'cause he is everything and more than you think he's capable of it. I think Brandon Miller's better than people think too Well and then unfortunately he just got hurt again. Yeah. But you also had that weird, Charlotte had that weird trade where they made the trade as you have ever seen a situation like that before. I Think that big trade for the Lakers, I think Mark is really good.


Interesting. Except go, go. Let's hear it. I think Mark is super talented. I think in the West to have more depth for the Lakers and size would've been great. I think that they were just worried about the longevity of it. He's been hurt a lot. Yeah. It's really strange to me to fail a physical when he's capable of playing that day. Like he could have played in the game. Well also These teams all, they get the preliminary medical stuff. So it's not like there's a ton of surprises. I I genuinely think for some reason they got buyers remorse and got scared and backed out. I think Mark is so good. I think he would've helped the Lakers an enormous amount.


He's young and huge. He's huge in person. And I'm just like, wouldn't you want that in the West? So you were surprised when you heard about the trade. You're like, why are we trading him Shocked? I mean I guess it makes sense for, you know, the hornets to get as much as they can. They can get Right. I but I, if I, if you would've told me who would be off the table, I thought Mark was one of those people. Wow. And then for the Lakers to send them back. I mean that is the weirdest. I've never seen that before. It hasn't happened in like, I dunno, 16 years. Then Connect comes back and it's like, hey, good to see you again. It's so awkward.


So weird. I also think Connect's great too. So I mean like, it just depends on what you want for your team. But I feel like the size for the Lakers would've been, they're already like enormous adding a seven two guy. Right? Well they really need him. Lu. Yeah, I went to the game. Yeah. I went to the Bulls game Saturday night and they're, they're just, it's so clear they're one big guy short, like they're playing ru at backup center and they, you know. Yeah. And, and Mark like actually has like footwork and offense. He's, he's like, he could have provided a boost for them, especially in the playoffs. But I guess like, you know, obviously they don't know him. They haven't had him they know connect. They know what he can give them. So yeah. Wait, we gotta talk. Before we did, you really came on and talk The Bachelor, but we just did 15 minutes on NBA Did JuJu though go going down last night was such Oh my gosh.


Just an all time. All time. Oh no. I was so bummed out. I haven't been that sad over an injury in a long time. It was just a gut punch. 'cause now she misses next year too. I know. And it's just, that's like a, at least a 15 month injury. I just couldn't believe it. And at the same time, like I would always, I would watch her and she was so violent with how she played, like the torque she put on her legs and I mean, you know, this the, the just like the ACL stuff with female athletes is so scary to begin with. So I can't say, I was like, oh my god, I can't believe it. But it was, she seemed like she was super human.


I was like, oh my God, I can't believe it until like, I took a second and I was like, well the way she plays, like she's incredibly explosive and her usage rate is like, I don't even wanna know what it is. It's like Luca, right? Luca on the maps I should say. Yeah, RP. So I guess it's, I guess it's not like unbelievable that it happened but God like especially like women's basketball has been on a fucking tear. I know. It's just, and and like thinking of, I was so excited for next weekend's games. Me Too. And I'm still super excited. There's still really good teams left. Notre Dame is so good.


Texas is great. Yukon is like, there's so many the, it's like obviously South Carolina it's super deep. But she was one of the stars you wanna see. Yeah. It felt like there was gonna be a moment with that Yukon USC play game if she was playing. Yeah. Where we were gonna have an answer for like, all right, how much of this was Caitlin and how much of this is just just where we are now because like there was no way I was missing that game. No, the good news is, I, what's crazy is I was going to bed last night and I told Seth, I was like, I think Mississippi State is like better than people think. Like we should watch JuJu at 10. And I walked away, first of all I was wrong. They were down by like 20 points in like five, five minutes.


Yeah. Mississippi State was, but then when she got hurt I was just like ugh. And like some, some ACL tears happen and people just are like, yep, tore my ACL and like no emotion at all. The way that she reacted you knew immediately like what happened. Yeah, some of them are, you don't know if you actually did it and then other ones where you're just like in excruciating pain. That was unfortunately One for that. She was, yeah she was in excruciating pain and I was just like, I don't even wanna watch this. Like it's so, it's so tough to watch. I thought she was great News Though. Oh go. She's a sophomore which is crazy that she's a sophomore because she's been one of the best players in college basketball for the past two years. But if you're gonna do it like she has time to come back and we'll have two years of eligibility left after she comes back.


So it's not like worst case scenario. Yeah. And they have a freshman coming in Jazzy who's gonna be great. I was really excited to watch Jazzy and JuJu together. But Jazzy will be a sophomore when she comes back. So it's not like worst case scenario for her and USC for that matter. I just thought the way she played was a one-on-one. I've never seen any female basketball player played like that. The way the le the side to side stuff she could do going full speed. There's just like there was nobody like her. No Yeah her. So the way she scored was fun to watch. Who do you have winning the tournament now? Just outta curiosity. So I never had SC winning the tournament but I think I did by the way.


I didn't either. 'cause her usage rate was too high. You can stop that over the course of a tournament. Yeah, it'll be interesting though 'cause they have other players that are good. Yeah. So it'll be interesting to see how they like they're good enough. I think that they might still win at least one more game. Kiki's great. The other point guard that came from Oregon State, I'm blanking on her name right now. She's pretty good. So I think that they'll be okay. UCLA has so much size. I just think it's impossible to like bet against South Carolina. Like how many times do you have to do it? I'd go UCLA. You put you, you have UCLA. I think I'd pick UCLA now.


Yeah also I like their team and I like that they have real size and real size. I don't know, I just, They're feisty. I think that they had like one of the tougher schedules and won again and again and again except for against USC and now USC is not gonna be in the picture. So sleeper team I guess would be, which is not that big of a sleeper 'cause they were number two seed. But Notre Dame is really good. I'm looking at the odds right now. Just so we know what they're National champion Yukons plus 1 55. Yeah. UCLA is 7 0 1 I like I like that as like a long shot bet. Yeah.


If you're in need of a midweek boost FanDuel America's number one sports book has you covered with the NBA Hump Day parlay Profit Boost. Try saying that five times now. Every Wednesday you can get a parlay profit boost on everything from spreads to over unders and even P player props like Lakers at Indiana, we just saw the Bulls run the Lakers off the floor on Saturday. Indiana's gonna try to do the same thing Indiana in the over do whatever you wanna do. Don't let the weekend have all the fun. Take advantage of the Hump Day parlays reward stack. Who knows might become your favorite day. Look for the Hump Day Parlay and the FanDuel app to find your profit Boost or visit fan.com/bs. That's FanDuel dot com slash bs. Make every moment more with FanDuel and official Sportsbook. Partner of the BA Must be 21 plus and President Select states are 18 plus and president in DC opt-in required bonus issued as Nora Profit Boost tokens restrictions apply including any token expiration seat terms at sportsbook dot FanDuel dot com Game prom Call 100 GAMBLER visit RG help.com.


This episode is brought to you by MICHELOB ULTRA. We are getting close to the NBA playoffs, which means we are getting close to the NBA finals. One of my favorite sporting events. Not just because it's really fun basketball at the highest possible level, but all the historical legacy stuff, it's my favorite. You've heard me talk about on the podcast many times. Speaking of finals, MICHELOB ULTRA has given me the chance to win tickets to the NBA finals, which I hope Boston is a part of. Not only do they make a superior beer, they're also helping fans like you get closer to the game. MICHELOB ULTRA superior's worth playing for. Check out MICHELOB ULTRA dot com slash NBA finals to enter for a chance to win tickets. MICHELOB ULTRA Courtside NBA final sweepstakes no purchase necessary open to US residents excluding Maryland residents. 21 and Up ends on May 5th, 2025. See official rules at MICHELOB ULTRA dot com slash rules for price and detail. Message and data rates may apply Void wear prohibited.


Alright Bachelor, are we done? Did You watch this season? I actually, we we always have it on 'cause it's one of those shows you can kind of throw on as you're doing something else. So I did catch most of it. It just feels like a, i, I wouldn't even say a broken franchise. It's an expired franchise. I think thi this is a 20 year structure of a show that is now no longer surprising or that interesting And I don't think they know what to do anymore. Well, bachelor in Paradise to me is the direction that they should like put all of their money. It's so similar to Love Island.


And Love Island obviously is super popular. Not even just in the US but uk, Australia, France. I love watching Bachelor in Paradise. They announced last night that they're putting like Golden Bachelor and Bachelorettes on the island. Not, not as excited for that one. No. I also don't know how it's gonna work. Like what if a 50-year-old falls in love with a 25-year-old? Is that like cool? Is that what's gonna happen? Yeah. It seems it almost like you're doing a sociological experiment at this point. I don't get it. Yeah. I don't know what the rules are if goldens are only gonna be with Goldens or what it's gonna look like, but I feel like that's a weird mix on the island. I guess we'll see how that works, but I think that's where they should focus.


I also think if they're gonna continue with some version of this, making it a requirement that you're engaged at the end of it seems so dated to me. Like That's a great point. That's like a huge stakes thing at the end of this. After dating 25 people for over a month and the people that come off the show are like, I really did like him. Like I went on one date with him and spent a total of an hour and I was like, and you were gonna get engaged. Right. Well I think this is why we have a 7% success rate with the couples, right. That come out of the show would be one of the reasons. And By the way, bachelor in Paradise has a much higher success, success rate.


Interesting. 'cause they probably spend way more time just chilling in Hand. Way more time. Way more time. Also, it's not like they're forced to only have their eyes on one person. Like they get to be introduced to 10 people and pick who they want outta those 10 people. Yeah. And like you're both choosing each other instead of here's the one guy like fall in love with him. It's, it's been interesting to watch the franchise evolve over the, or not evolve over the 20 years. 'cause like Survivor was in some of the same boat where it's like they have this game, here's the premise and then people are like, okay, I am kind of used to this. And then they would tweak certain things and ha and do the tribes differently. And they were always trying to innovate. You can't really innovate with The Bachelor.


And I think, you know, when you think like how many shows have passed it from a, like even Temptation Island on Netflix. Like did you watch that? It's Just, it, my wife, my wife Dove in. She I watched it too. So Sad. Yeah, she and she thought it was good and I might've seen a couple episodes myself, but it was just, it's like a smarter version of the same kind of idea. Yeah. And it just, The Bachelor feels like it's outta like the 1980s at this point. I Agree with you. The problem is The Bachelor still gets like over a million views, which is more than what these other shows get. I just think that the other shows have so much more like cultural relevancy. Yeah, no, no question.


So So how do you stop like it's the lowest production, like the how much money they put into the production versus how much money they make off of it. Like it still makes sense for them to make the show. It's just not, I agree with you. It's not a great show. I think Bachelor in Paradise could be great, but Bachelor and Bachelorette, I think they're pretty rough. And So you wouldn't try to blow it up and try to actually change the show in some way because they, we should mention the biggest thing that's changed is in the last seven, eight years with all these reality shows. It used to be one of those things where they're like, it would be awesome if somebody just got drunk and then got mad at somebody else and they just started screaming at each other.


And the Producers are now really scared of that. Yeah. Yeah. It really hurt the challenge. I mean the challenge is ruined now. Yeah. Yeah. It's like a sporting event now. It's not even a reality show, but it was more fun to watch Train Wreck TV like that. Like think about Bad Girls Club 15 years ago. I Watched That too. Was the most insane show of all time. Yeah. And now they're kind of afraid to go there. And these streamer shows have kind of figured out that middle ground of these people are still crazy. But it's not, we're not crossing lines here. No. By the way, temptation Island, I read in an interview that there is no alcohol limit. So they are allowed to drink as much as they want. I mean that's, that might be one of the changes we need to put in. What part of what the battery used to do is they would have those people there till six in the morning and they would have all, yeah, all the girls just drinking champagne, not eating and then, and they would kind of wait till two, three in the morning when they started getting crazy and sloppy.


That was part of the blueprint. You can't do that anymore obviously. So I And it, I mean there's a lot of shows that you look back at and you're like, couldn't do that anymore. But that's part of the, unfortunately that is part of the problem. Would I blow it up? I don't think you can go, I mean you have a two hour slot primetime tv. You have over a million viewers a week. Yeah. I think you gotta tweak something. I don't know if you can fully blow it up. 'cause I don't, You don't wanna lose that audience base that you have. Yeah. Because people are still turning out like Yeah, the people in my house and it's terrible and we're still, it There's a safety to it where it's like, I know what this is.


I don't really have to pay attention. Yeah. Oh, we're gonna get to the thing now where it's the, it's the two women who hate each other and oh, we're gonna have to go on a date with the three of them and one person can voted off. Like I know all the beats. Yeah. You know the arch, the archetype characters that they're gonna have every single season. There's gonna be a villain. There's gonna be someone that's a front runner. Did you watch the finale last night? I saw a bunch of it. Yeah. I mean I saw the, I didn't see the last hour, but it was on in the house. So the woman that everyone thought was gonna win lost In. I didn't. I thought the other one was gonna win. You did? Oh yeah. Yeah. A hundred percent. The only reason why we thought the other one was gonna win is because Grant had no knowledge of Mormonism.


Which is crazy to me 'cause it's like everywhere in pop culture. But yeah, he didn't know anything about Mormonism, so all he had was whatever the Producers were telling him, which like, god knows what the Producers were telling him about Mormonism. And I feel like that might have been like a a, I don't really know what Gonna, no, the family look, look like the visit was when you could see his wheels turning. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. My, my rule with The Bachelor is always like, who's who's the one he's gonna most wanna have sex with. That's who usually wins. Well I can see him wanting to have sex with, with Juliana. Juliana was like, she was, she whatever. You could just see he had a little extra hop on the step. Super, super pretty fun. Her family seemed great and easy. Yeah. Massachusetts girl, Easy transition.


Yeah. Which apparently is Moving. Yeah. That's In Boston. Easy is another one. I don't mean easy in the derogatory. Yeah. I mean easy. Like easy to hang out with. Those are the ones that always make the final two. 'cause it's the one way The Bachelor mirrors real life. Like Yeah. That is what you want. People Are, people are easier to hang out with is usually who you want. Like your son to marry. It's like a hundred percent about no drama whatsoever. How about the stable, awesome person. That's what you want. Well, I mean at, at the end of the day in marriage, like you spend an enormous amount of time with that person. You want someone that you wanna hang out with. Right. Be a buddy. Not like I the yeah, the the runner up.


I'm, I don't know, there was some, I thought it was interesting how she, her personality flipped the moment. Oh she became queer. There was this new side of her that I guess she was, I was shocked by that. I was Like, who was this? It's like she became a different person. Yeah. Yeah. She was like the like the Softspoken super kind. Yeah. Sweet. And immediately she was somebody else. Now I'm not mad at the way that she reacted based on everything that she was saying, but I was like, we did not see any version of this side of you throughout the entire time we've been watching the show. Yeah. I think the pro, the fundamental flaw of this show is that the people watch it after the season and if they're, you're gonna end up together and you're gonna pick somebody and then you watch them on the dates with the other people and you watch those like conversations and you watch him tell somebody I love you or whatever they say.


I don't know how you bounce back from that. Like sadly for me, my daughter is now at the age where I'm like, what would be my worst case scenario for one of the many for me with her would be if she went on one of these shows. And I just can't imagine watching somebody you care about on one of these shows. Like, oh my God. Like this guy was just making out with this other person in a hot tub. Well, grant made out with like almost every person on that show He did. So it would be a lot. It'd it'd be a lot of that. Yeah. He was, He was getting around. If your daughter was on this show, you know how they do the hometown visits. Would you be supportive and go No. Like would you be on the show? First of all, thank you for asking. I've discussed this with my, with my, with my wife and it would definitely be the good cop, bad cop thing where my wife would be the one who's like, oh she seems great.


And then they'd show me in the camera and kind of side eye in the guy and then I would definitely pull him out to the deck for the talk. And I would, I would be abs I would make that guy absolutely miserable for 15 minutes. I don't think my dad would do it. You don't think he'd even be on camera? No. I think he'd be like, mm, I'll meet him after he's chosen. I Dunno, doc likes the cameras. I'm, I don't think he would go on knowing that this guy is dating other girls. Like, it just wouldn't be good for me. So you get, that's where you get Austin Or Oh God, that's where Austin comes in. He, he play, he plays the, he plays the hard driving interview family member role.


I can't even imagine Austin in this role. Great. Like, hey, meet my boyfriend who has three other girlfriends and is choosing which one of us he wants To. Right. Yeah. Run hometowns right now. Here come meet Austin. That's an insane ask for families, I think. Yeah. And when families don't do it, I'm like, yeah. I don't know if my family would do it because my dad would be an asshole to this guy. That's, that's what, that would be my role. Well the thing is I think if, if you have no experience whatsoever with celebrity or, or being like if you're just some random family in the middle of nowhere and you kid makes the Final four and you're like, we're all gonna be on tv. Yeah, yeah. Aunt Jenny's gonna come over like Yeah.


Yeah. It's kind of like you'd be excited about it, right? Yeah. It's like fun. I guess that's a really good point of view. I've never thought about that. That makes a lot of sense. I guess I feel like for the opposite reason of that, my, my my dad would be like, yeah, no thanks. Well it's also interesting in the way they meet the families is like the most uncon, like nobody would do this anymore. Where it's like, meet my family. Here's 12 people sitting in a circle and we're gonna have a really awkward conversation with four cameras filming us. What, what Are the ad That's gonna go? Well Then my dad's gonna take you outside for a chat. Then my brother is, yeah, I'm gonna talk to my mom and start crying. It's like the craziest thing in the world.


And then Latia brought like 40, like meet my 40 family members that all live together or like, not together but like around each other. No, It's tough. I think the franchise is done. I like your idea of Bachelor in Paradise replacing the franchise. 'cause it's a better show and it's a better idea and it's a better, and you could do it twice A year as You said. And it's a better, better hang with the people you might end up with, which is why it's more successful. And I think that they would have to move to a trader's model where it's not just Bachelor contestants. You start pulling young reality talent, which there is unlimited amount of young reality talent that are single.


Yeah. And you Pull them on the island and maybe you do, like if you're doing two a year, one is only Bachelor people and the other one is like young reality talent that are singles. Yeah. But I feel like that makes it so much more fun. It feels like there's only a couple moves left for the franchise. One would be to get a famous influencer to be The Bachelor. Well that's, and try to in a whole new audience, an influencer audience to it. But then you have to disappear. So those per people would not be heard from for six months or six weeks. You don Whatever it's Yeah. Then you don't, and then you, you also don't have like, I guess you have the talent of the people that are coming on the show to win. Best case scenario for me.


Like give me a Tom Brady trying to find Love Bachelor Tom Brady Give me That would be, I know Tom Brady is The Bachelor would get ready some positive. I floated this idea, so I'm okay. I cleared it with her before. But like, would love to watch Sonya Curry, find Love on the Bachelorette Sonya Curry. Would that not be so fun? That sounds amazing. And then family could, what family member Would you be? Stephan Eth and Stephan and Del. Like, that sounds great to me to Watch. What's, what family member role would you play in the interview with the person that came over to the house? Would you be the suspicious one? Oh No. I would be like, well, no, I actually probably would be suspicious.


Yeah. I Be the, yeah, because s Seth's just gonna be nice. Like he's A hundred percent. Yeah. And, and Steph too, honestly, cameras would be on. I was gonna say honestly, out of the family members, Seth would be the one that dislikes the person the most. He's just not gonna say it on camera. He probably would like not talk to the guy. Some brooding looks from him. Yes. Yeah. Would be super nice and personable. Del would be like suspicious, but she would like ask the questions. I like this. Well I, yeah. I like the thought of an NBA player as The Bachelor. We've never had it. We had That's like get, get an athlete, an ex-athlete probably to be, remember when Travis Kelsey found love?


I, you know, we're not supposed to talk about that anymore. Why? Because the swifties they get, they don't, they don't wanna know about dated somebody. No, it exists. I I think it's one of those things we're not allowed to talk about anymore. Yeah. He was on a reality show looking for love. What was it called? Like cat Last catch show. Catching Kelsey. Yeah. Catching Kelsey something. Yeah. It was not good. I it, it was good. I watched it. It was horrible. It was not good. But if a b, C did it in a bachelor version, I think it could be pretty good. And it doesn't have to, obviously Tom Brady, who fucking knows how much money he would ask to do something like that. So obviously, or probably not him, but Somebody liked him. Well listen, he took 20 million bucks for to get roasted and, and had the worst possible jokes made of him.


Like I, he can't be ruled out for The Bachelor. I would absolutely watch Tom Brady fall in love. I'd also watch Sonja Curry. We did like a whole list. I think Charles Barkley was in it, but then someone said he was married. Is he married? I think he's married. That makes it more fun though. He's married but he's on The Bachelor anyway. Like let's watch Shaq fall in love. Wow. So this is the way to fix The Bachelor. Just major celebrities. I think I've sold you on it. You seem like you'd watch. Yeah. I think it would have to be somebody who's probably divorced but maybe forties or fifties range. Yeah. And, and that Kind at A good point in their life. Yeah. All right.


This is good. Great talk. When's your next pod? I am recording today for The Bachelor finale. So you can listen to bachelor party tomorrow. It'll be out tomorrow, Wednesday. All right. Say hi to Art guys. Steph, say hi to the whole fam. Thanks for coming out Callie. Thank you.


This episode is brought to you by MICHELOB ULTRA. MICHELOB ULTRA. A superior LIGHT BEER in the ultimate trophy. Win or lose. You're bound to enjoy the ride with a good beer in hand. MICHELOB ULTRA crisp, refreshing only 95 calories, a superior LIGHT BEER. No matter the game Sporter, season superior is worth playing for. So sign up for ultra courtside at MICHELOB ULTRA dot com slash courtside and you can enjoy some of these games with a nice beer in your hand. ENJOY RESPONSIBLY copyright 2025 Anheuser-Busch MICHELOB ULTRA Registered LIGHT BEER. St. LOUIS, Missouri Must be 21 plus to order alcohol, alcohol available only in select markets.


This episode is brought to by Intuit TurboTax. Taxes was waiting and wondering, worrying. It's almost like how in the old days of fantasy football, we used to have to tally the scores on a Monday and then the commissioner would just mail them out to everybody and you would wait three days to see if you won. Those were the old ways of doing it. Now taxes is matching with a TurboTax Live full service expert who gives your taxes their undivided attention. They can file your taxes as soon as today. And while they do, you get real time updates on their progress. Meaning you can get back to what's important the game. Now this is taxes Intuit TurboTax. Get an expert now on turbotax.com.


Alright. Taping this Tuesday morning March Madness is upon us. It's not that mad. Tate Frazier is here. You can hear him on One Shining podcast. Kyle Mann. You can hear him on that podcast sometimes as well. As well as The Ringer NBA show. Sometimes this show, sometimes you can read 'em right now on The Ringer dot com because we put a new draft guide up. I'm gonna start here fellas. Men's March Madness basketball has become Women's March Madness basketball with all the seeds just, you just push all the high seeds forward. You might have one get bounced. This is just where we are now and I don't know if it's NIL or just all the turnover or what, but St.


John's was the only top seed that got bounced, right? So Tate, is this just where we are now? This is college basketball. We don't have the Cinderellas anymore. We're done. Yeah, We do have a Cinderella. His name's John Cali Perry. Haven't you heard Bill? He is the ultimate Cinderella. He's having a great year. He was a 10 seed and now he's gonna make a run. That's the only sell that we have. 10 seed. That's what we're excited about. We're excited about. Oh, it's a 10 seed. Ah, The SEC having a 10 seed. I say this is the happy era of college basketball and happy in reference to blue chips. I mean there's a lot of NIL, a lot of bag dropping, a lot of conversations had behind closed doors, a lot of tampering. Bill. That's the one thing that the NBA and college basketball can do together.


We can both tamper. There is a lot of, you know, saying that the sky is falling this year. The women's bracket's very similar. Like you said, it's the top dogs. But if you watched all year, the best teams have been the best teams. Now granted, it's because the best players from the mid-majors now play for the best teams. That's sort of the larger issue. But you know, right now we got good basketball ahead. We didn't get the Cinderellas, but at least we got good games. Well, it didn't hurt the ratings, right? The ratings seemed like they're great. The interests seemed great and you know, the, the, I mean part of it is the players in the tournament to share really good, which ties into the draft being really good. But I like, I kind of like having Duke back. It reminds me of being in college where just every year Duke had just multiple lottery picks and a signature dude.


But what, before we, I, I asked you guys to do a five favorite thing setting into Thursdays really for the casual fans in case people are jumping in now. But what's, what did you like anything outta that first four day weekend? Kyle Mann, Well take teed up. My first one that I wanted to say, I feel like being from where I'm from, I have to, I'm obligated to bring this up, but I i, I don't know if you bill, you ever made up an actual scale for this to measure FU energy, but ca Perry's FU energy is like breaking the ceiling right Now. You know that meme where the the volume level it goes off the, off the iPod. He his, I was calling this the, I labeled it the Caliper fu extravaga extravaganza because people shovel dirt on him.


You know, they started 11 and two this season, but once they got into conference play, they lost six of their last or their first seven people were like, there was, you started seeing these sort of anonymous, the athletic does these like anonymous scouts, anonymous coaches, notebooks things. Yeah. And you started to see Tate knows what I'm talking about. I mean, oh yeah. I love it mean we started to see these like we're no longer afraid of him if he's on the other sideline anymore. It was just a, it was a lot of people were people, there were a lot of people with shovels just enjoying. And I think that this is, I tweeted this before the St. John's game that I thought that they were gonna win that game because a, they had more talent. There's basketball reasons, but also this is, this is more true Cal like when he is pissed off when he's climbing, you remember how swaggy he was with the slick hair and the suits and he rolls into town and he is like, I know you're mad.


I'm beating you. You guys think I'm cheating. Get over it. Deal with it. If I like this kid, he's coming with me. That energy is true. Cal Cal at the top of the hill with like a fortified castle. That's not him. So he is thriving right now and I don't take, what kind of a limit would you put on, on how far they could go? Because this team has the talent of a two seed. I don't know if I'd quite go one seat, but they have a lot of talent and I don't know where the fu extravaganza is gonna top off at. I really don't. Mm Yeah, They got a lot of five stars BS and like you said, they are blue collar cow instead of blue blood cow and blue collar cow. Like it is a lot, you know, more feisty. He's got a lot more fire in his belly than the blue blood version. And that is encouraging. And their best player could be coming back a do the era who's also an NBA prospect that I'm sure is in the draft guide at some point.


So that's encouraging news for Cal. So I'm looking at the Fandel odds right now and they're 10 to one to make the final four mm. But they have a seven 10 matchup this next round against Texas Tech. But they can Florida, Texas Tech, Maryland and Arkansas are in that bracket. So it sounds like you guys are already nudging me mentally toward a 10 to one Arkansas final four bet. And that's how Cali Perry Works. You know what, the fu extravaganza sounds like a great, a great bus to jump on. Do they have an aisle seat? I like the aisle seat Tate. I mean I, it's very possible. I mean they could be Texas Tech, that's gonna be a gritty game. But I mean they, they they also could bog Florida down.


I could see it happening. I really could. And what a brutal like PR beat, like it was one of the hilarious things in the FU tour that we should mention is that Patino was on this like pr like just crazy tour where he, he, yeah, his brand had been Jimmy Fallon like renovated. He's on Jimmy Fallon singing songs and stuff like that. New York basketball we're popping, we're in the New York Post and Kyle's just like, no, no. He just put an end to it. So yeah, they could definitely make the final four. It's wild that, that this could happen. But it definitely could. So That was the signature game of the weekend, right? And it sucked. It just was was a terrible basketball game. It was like all the More thousand field goals. It was all the worst things.


If you're gonna say like, here's, here's why somebody wouldn't like college basketball. You would watch that game like people shooting threes that can't make threes and you know, so many TV timeouts and fouls. The game had no flow and yet it was still weirdly compelling because of the two coaches. And it's just so funny that when I, you know, we did blue chips on the re watchable which is built around like the mystique of a coach and how far do you wanna go to keep your, keep your throne in college basketball still generating these dudes and Cal player is not exactly in the, I now have a, you know, a really bad two pay or a comb over and I'm old and I'm a hundred pounds heavier than when you remembered me initially.


We don't have that wave of guys yet. Who is Tate? Who's the next generation of Cali Perry? Oh boy. Patino guys who are the guys 20 years from now where you could add a game like that on a Saturday and you're really watching for the coaches more than anything. Do we even have that class yet? Well I said Done three Tate. Can we say, I know we're on Zoom but I know what you're gonna say. Go ahead, Let's do it. I do think it is 1, 2, 3. Will Wade Will Wade. Yes. Right. That is the answer. And he did win. You know in the first round he upsets Clemson with McNeese. Now he's going to NC State, he is going to back row. There's some Jimmy V vibes there. You know how Jimmy V was Bill, he was willing to do what it takes, get his hands a little bit dirty to make sure they could win some games.


And Will Wade is very similar. He is not afraid to go at the Blue Bloods not afraid to tell Duke to F off. He already guaranteed they're gonna make the tournament next season. So Will Wade is kind of a throwback in that sense where he is a bad guy. He is not afraid of any of the PR and he is also not afraid to call it the ncaa, which is a zombie organization at this point and will wait. Yeah. Is poking the bear as much as he can. So I think he would be the right. I'm glad we're on the same page, Kyle man, it's gotta be Will wait, Come in You do you like where college basketball is right now in 2025 with this Wild, wild West NIL? Guys could just hop around. 'cause some people like it and they're like, look, this is the way it always should have been. I mean I like we talked about this when we did the Blue Chips pod.


It's weird 'cause Happy is the quote unquote villain on that pod. But some of the stuff he's saying in the movie is the stuff that eventually became the themes of the 2020s. Like why shouldn't these guys get paid. Why can't they get a piece of it? Why can't they jump around when the coaches can jump around? Why, why do we treat them like this? So now we're in this world, but it's pretty weird. Oh yeah. And it's hard to keep track of if you're like a casual college basketball fan like me. So, do you like it more or less? I, I was glad that you all said the thing about happy with the gambling, because my brain just had a, edited that out in my memory of the movie. I, 'cause I always thought Happy was the hero of that movie looking back. But I was sexing my dad this the other day that I'm, I'm very torn because the reparations of these guys should have been getting paid for, for a long time.


I, you know, once the TV money and the, the money changed everything and the shoe money entered it into the, into the equation. These guys should have been comp compensated. And we saw during Covid that they're, so I think Covid was sort of the thing that cemented home that this had to change because the schools and the networks were so dependent on these guys playing and we're talking about young student athletes jeopardize, you know, arguably jeopardizing their health based on the covid situation. Right. But, and, and we're just like, well, school is the most important thing, but we gotta make money so these guys gotta be out there. So I, I thought that proved it, but I was telling my dad that I'm, I'm just torn because I do feel like the basketball is better. Well, a lot of the, you know, the, the SEC was the most dominant conference in the country this, this year.


Six, or Yeah. What is it like seven of the, of the Sweet 16 teams, the huge presence. But they were old. They had a lot of older players in the quality of play is up. But then on the other side of it, I, I do feel, and Tate speak to this if you want, but I, I feel like it has aged me as like a millennial basketball college basketball fan where I want to see them get what they deserve. But I'm also looking at it, I'm just like, man, the portal opened up and they set the record. What was the number? Tate it, it, it shattered the record. Every, every major major Player, it's already 700 names are in the portal. And that opened yesterday. Oh my gosh. Right. Yeah. Yeah. And you're, and I think we're gonna see fewer and fewer CJ McCollums. You know, we're gonna see fewer and fewer diamonds who are on these mid-major teams.


Like for a Lehigh or guys like John Moran. Would, John Moran have been at Murray State for that second year? I don't, it seems pretty unlikely. These guys are, they're looking to climb up because the money's so crazy. And maybe once regulation comes in it'll change. But I'm just very torn about it because I, I just, I think some kind of regulation has to come into it. Yeah. It's, it goes back to like, you know, Nick Nolte says it like the rules don't make sense, but I believe in the rules. And I do think like now more than ever, the rules really don't make sense. And the NCAA has no incentive to fix the rules because whatever they do, they get sued. If they try to fix it, they get sued for that. If they don't do anything, they get sued for that. So they're basically just putting their hands up saying, we'll pay out these payouts. We hope we can exist and keep this tournament going.


But you guys, they're taking their ball and going home at this point. And then the game itself, to use a Celtic City reference, which I really like, there was the Spartan era of college basketball. I feel like we're in a, in an Athenian area, area of college basketball. We're like, we're a thanky man's game of college basketball. Like they're really smart teams that are really good teams. BYU, Alabama, those are two future NBA coaches going head to head two offensive masterminds. So like college basketball, the game itself is awesome. I think we still need quarters in the game to match with Feba. And I think then we're really cooking. But I think it's in a good spot. But then the rules and the transfer portal and the super conferences, all that sort of stuff all gets kind of bundled together to say, Hey, the death of college basketball.


But in specific pockets, things are going well. Sounds like you need some advice from the sports are, yes. I dunno if you wanna bring them in Yes, please. Why? We've Been waiting. The most obvious fix, and I don't know if they have any authority whatsoever, and they probably don't. But the most obvious fix seems to be you have to stay somewhere for two years. And that's coaches and players. You just have to, that that's the rule. And if you transfer after one year, maybe you have to sit out the next year. But there has to be, it seems to me like a little more stability and it can't just be like, you know, it's, it's 2K and you're just resetting the rosters every April. 'cause I, I don't think it's sustainable.


I think it's gonna be really hard for people to follow. And I still feel like they can get paid in the same way. And That's how a lot of the GMs are, are doing it now. Bill, even Lombardi, right? Right. He goes to Carolina football and he is like, these guys are signing two year deals, not one year deals. Right. That and that's what, that was one of the reasons that made me think of it. Because that the flip side of it is you can also kind of nudge people out faster too. Right. So's no stability happens all the time in any direction. So, I don't know. It feels like something like that. And like if Cooper Flag goes to Duke, he can't just be like, next year I'm on St. John's, I've just changed my mind. Now I'm Rick Pitino has won me over. And maybe that would help a little bit.


But I, I don't know that the, the horse might have left the barn on this one. Just in general. Some, sometimes those sports things just get so wacky that you almost can't fix it and you just kind of have to hold on. And that's just kind of where you are, you know? Right. I I, I just, something just came to me. What if we had some kind of a system where the mid-major, mid-majors are rewarded for their evaluation because they're finding these guys, they're having to go down into the bargain bin and find these guys with upside. Yeah. What if a high major, if they take a, we'd have to draw some sort of arbitrary line between where that stops and ends. But what if a, a Duke has to pay, let's say a Lehigh for for Right. Some kind of a fee in the portal Transfer transfer fees.


Yeah. Where like they get rewarded for, for what they do. Well, because these schools need money. And I think the fact that they're losing these NCAA tournament opportunities, it'll help their NIL, it'll help them sort of do better. And then maybe it would, maybe it wouldn't deplete them quite so much. Well, Here's the thing, because it goes beyond just like, oh, this is weird. This guy was on this team now he was on this team. I think when you lose conferences, you lose the whole point of why we had conferences in the first place. Which is to make it easier on people who are allegedly in college to play their sport and then also stay in college. Which is why you had like the a CC, the way like it used to be back when Tate was a baby, you know, everybody was kind of around each other.


Right. And the PAC 12 or the Pac 10, back in the day, it was like everybody. So when you traveled somewhere, it wasn't like you're traveling cross country to play a conference game. I have, we have some friends out here, one of them who, who have college athletes and one of them runs at Berkeley. It's just cross country. And they'll have these meets and they're like, yeah, we have to fly across country. 'cause we're playing some, you know, some school in the East coast. And it's, yeah. How is this a college experience? Like you're just on a plane back and forth for three straight months. So that's where like, if you had a real sports star, I think they would be looking as like, look, this is really stupid. Like, if you're gonna have these mega conferences, at least make regions with them.


And You would've been smart and said, Hey, why are we even doing mega conferences or super conferences? It's because of football. Why can't football exist in its own world? And that, Well, that's the bigger thing, right? Football should be over here and the rest of college should be over here. 'cause now, like with the, with how big women's basketball is, Hmm. You could argue men's and women's basketball kind of cancel each other out from like a scholarship thing. It's not there with the revenue yet. But it might be someday. The soccer is the same thing where the soccer on both rosters is the same and, but football is what screws it up. And football having to match all those scholarships on the other end and you end up with people who just wanted to run cross country on an airplane every week. Like that part makes no sense to me.


I personally really miss the regional stuff. 'cause I, those are my favorite rivalries and I just can't, maybe I'm too old, I just can't make sense of some of these matchups now. But it started, this has been going on for a while. You know, this is the Big East was the first one where it's like, wait, they're gonna be there and then the acc and they, and they're gonna be, and it just, you know, it's a brain breaker. Maybe it's just gone. Tate, I don't know, maybe this just number comes back. Well It was, I do feel like we're all gonna, the conferences are gonna take over and make decisions once the NCAA is paying out all of their many reparations over the next few years and slowly become more and more defunct as an organization. And I think the conferences are all gonna take over.


And maybe there's a world where there is just one super conference. But I do think that everyone with the brain's gonna look around and say, what are we doing here? If we're gonna have to manage all of this as a conference, why don't we recede back to what we were, there's too many different, you know, we have to feed too many people. Look at the NCAA tournament. Yeah. There's 14 SEC teams, right? And they're all really good. And like, not everybody can eat. And eventually people, you know, they get hung and they start complaining and then, you know, I think it does kind of revert back to the old ways because we've gone too far and everybody knows it. What if, what if nobody has a brain? That's the, the, the fear is like, what if there's not that one person? Brain Idiocracy is right in front of us. Bs I think you're right. I think you just said it. There's like an interesting cyclical cable bundle kind of thing going on here where there's a market correction for an inefficiency and then we get to this other place and then it starts to resemble the original thing.


Right? It's, it's like e eventually Yeah, Tate like what you were saying, if it all just, if the NCAA was the inefficiency and it goes away and we end up with this gigantic group of teams doing it a different way and then they start to regionally split off. Maybe that's the path to success. I don't know Kyle, when you're growing up, Kentucky's biggest rivals other than Louisville were who? Tennessee. They, they hate Duke. Even though it, that was just kind of based on one game. But I'd say Tennessee in conference people, I mean Florida, those Indiana, right? Indiana. Indiana was the one. Yeah, Indiana was a generational thing that was like really driven by the Bob Knight era. But those, those are the one, it's like three or four. And Tate, you're a UNC fan. We know you had actually approved carpet bombing on the Duke campus.


But other than Duke, who, who were the big rivals for UNC? Well, I mean obviously Duke is special in what they are and the hatred that's there. I mean, NC State has always been somewhat of a rival. But at the same time I liked, you know, I had friends that were going to NC State, right? I liked some of their teams. So it's not really like, it's Like a Clipper's, Lakers thing. Yeah. You couldn't almost get too mad at them. I didn't Really hate 'em. In fact, like there really was only Duke that I had that really despised. Like even Maryland, even though they would beat us, I kind of respected them, you know? Yeah. And I liked, you know, Juan Dixon, I like Steve Blake, I like Lonnie Baxter, you know what I mean? I like those teams. So it really was a Duke thing. And now Bill, as you know, duke is not the Duke of old and they're not as hateable. Even though Cooper Flag is showing some flashes of going full Duke, which I do appreciate in general, they're not a very hateable organization right now.


'cause they're just doing everything better than everybody else. So you can't really get that bad. Yeah. But you know, it's So you miss Coach Kg. Oh coach it a lot more neutral. It's like a can, it's like a canker sore that you miss having in your mouth. I just miss playing with, I, I need an enemy. You know what I mean? Like, as I exist out here, sometimes you're like, I kind of miss just having that hovering of, you know, in the background. And he still is there bs you know, he's doing a radio show, he's making sure he's seen. So that makes Me happy. Well, what was that? He did an ad recently that that that inflamed my flag. Yeah, whatever that was. I was like, oh man, this fucking guy. Look at him still grabbing bags. He's Back. We had a field day with the duty to country. Wasn't there, wasn't there some kind of commercial that we were all talking about it?


It might've been the Army, but Yukon has become the new Duke. It's it's a different, it's A, yeah. Curly. It's like the new coach. K Yeah, they're a little, They're a little more, there's a little more bravado. Duke had that sort of affluent, you know, great school smarmy kind of a thing that you're seeing in in We're Better Than You Rat Lift on White Lotus like that family. I'm Suret eats that up. But yeah, I mean, Yukon and theirs is a lot more coach driven. They've had aggressive coaches in the past, but I think Hurley has kind of assumed that. And the more that they succeed, they're gonna become the, the, the evil empire in college basketball. I think in terms of pay Ability. Yeah. It started, it started with that fake Laker thing that just was ridiculous from beginning to end. And then he's just kept it going.


I think he saw a Coach K void. He's like, how do I get the next generation of Tates to hate my guts? Right. What are, what are some things I could do? Should I just flip out at the Maui, whatever the Maui tournament's called and, and Act Bobby Jackass short. Yeah. Bobby was supposed to be that guy too, right? You know what I mean? Yeah. It's kind of like Bob Knight had Steve Alford. Right? Steve Alford was supposed to be his protege. It was him on the floor then obviously Coach K had Bobby Hurley and you would assume that Bobby Hurley would've been the one that is the new STH lord as Danny Hurley is. So Danny kinda stole it from his brother. There is that brotherly competition rivalry that's kind of built in there. And then Coach K has tried kind of basically included himself in the Dan Hurley story. You know what I mean?


He's done what? Yeah, Classic Coach K Well He got Seth Curry, right. Bs and then he got Steph Curry by transit property. This is something that he's done before. He's so, he's, he's the Hurley family. He's ultimate bandwagon jumper. He can't resist. He's a genius. Yeah. I'm, I'm, I'm honestly impressed. I'm like, how did he, you Know, he just wouldn't leave, he wouldn't leave the Olympic team. He just had to grab on to more people and more legacies. LeBron, Everybody. Let's do five favorites quick. So please, I don't know, I, I told you guys to come up with three each and maybe they'll overlap and we'll only do four but five favorite things as we head forward to a weekend with a lot of really good teams playing each other and a lot of good players. And this is like an excellent, excellent, excellent, excellent.


NBA draft that's coming with some of these guys. That is gonna be really fun to talk about. Tate, what's your number one favorite thing heading into the next round? Number One favorite thing, and this is catered towards you and the NBA fans. 'cause I want them to care. The BYU Todd Jazz Ryan Smith is bankrolling BYU basketball. Danny Ange is monitoring the situation. He is going to all the games. He has gotten Kevin Young there, who is going to be an NBA coach at some point. He has a really good squad. Richie Saunders, if you're a throwback college basketball fan, you're gonna love Richie Saunders. This guy just gets buckets. He does whatever he needs to do to win energy. He's an excellent player, gets everybody involved. And then if you're an NBA guy, Jago Dimon, you know, get playing point guard. But really he is like a wing. He's like a wing Ford.


Kind of like in the same vein of what He, he fell a little bit. Fell a little bit. He was in that top five convo and now he seems like he's, he's in that nine 11 range. He's, He's trending in the right direction BS at the right time. 'cause you know the NCAA tournament is powerful. All these scouts get together. They're in the same gym. Something happens, the lights are bright and they say, Hey, he's one of those guys. Derrick Queen we just saw in Seattle, the red Hourback test. Does he want to be good or great? Derrick Queen said, I wanna be great. But back to BYUI like the makeup of this group. I like that they're funneled and fun by an NBA team. I like that. AJ Deban of the future number one pick will be there next year. They're laying the foundation. Maybe not the future number one pick. Oh there's been, there's been, Kyle knows there's, Oh, Darren Peterson. Yeah. Yeah. There's you referring, there's been some, yeah, there's been some, some Are we sure He is the number one pick stuff with him.


Next year's draft is gonna be, or two years from now, it's gonna be just as crazy. Well That makes BYU this year even more pertinent for them to make a run. Yeah. 'cause AJ Debs is not gonna be the number one pick and they get that cache. They need to do it now. They're a fun team. They know how to score. This is the highest over with Alabama and BYU. So the BYU Utah Jazz, that's my first pick. I do like the idea of an NBA owner who see who's like, just seems like a smiling nice guy. Like no evil side to him at all. Just quietly funding the state's only relevant college of basketball. Right. With Danny Ange, his alma mater. A guy who went to the elite eight back in the eighties, who wants to bring him back the prominence. I mean there is a lot of layers to the BY, Utah Jazz. Kyle Does Igor fit the that where nobody kind of knows what he is.


And then Sam Presti takes him with like the ninth pick and everybody's like, fuck is that, is he one of those guys? I texted somebody that works for the Thunder and said, Jago seems very thundery to me. And there was no response. So I don't even either. Either I'm a loser, they don't want to answer or, or it was true. I'll choose. I don't know. I can't choose believe it's true. Very thunder. I can't wait to mispronounce his name. 19 different ways. So we're going with, that's Everybody. Its Yor Yor. It's on Ior. Yor Yor. Okay. Well I'll get it. I'll get it by draft time by goes I'll be ready. Yeah, I'll, I'll do some, I'll do some practices. I'll be ready. By the time we we're ready for the draft, This was, this was the first one on my list though. I, I agree with Tate. I had down all underline the Mormons are coming the age of age.


Another age of age is upon us. But a big thing to consider here too is that, well you mentioned Richie, that's true surfer bro kind of guy. But he has like a really, he has a really gritty, tough way that he plays. And you know, one big thing though is that in Salt Lake City and in Provo, I was told this while I was out there, there's like a big tech boom and a lot of like BYU alums who are, there's more industry and tech out there. So there's money kind of Coming up there. There's something to keep an eye on. I I, I think that your point about an NBA team, NBA people aligning with a school, I, there's, there's something interesting in the future of college basketball there too. If academic still It. Interesting. So illegal. How is seem conceivable you could do This also, the Mormon church has more money than than God.


Like they have a lot, a lot of money. Yes. So, you know. Yeah. They're an interest. They're really an interesting force for the, for the future in college basketball. Well, right now in Fandel they're plus nine 50 to win the east. 'cause unfortunately for them they're in Duke's bracket, but they don't have to play Duke. Mm. Until the weekend if they can make it. Yep. Sunday. So we'll see. All right. Kyle, what's your first one? I was just gonna point some point people to some of the oddities. If you just like weird players things, things to get into, things to watch for. You mentioned like the, the lottery people in this draft. Six six of the, of the top 14 that are in The Ringer. NBA draft. Plug that again, the guy that came out. So there's a lot of lottery talent in this game or in this, in this part of the tournament.


I wanted to point out, there's a couple more odd players. Danny Wolf, who I mentioned on The Ringer, NBA show the other day, he's a handling seven footer. He has almost like a Franz Wagner, Heto Turga kind of big guy who can run some pick and roll. The shooting is a little inconsistent. He can be a little turnover prone, but he can really pass the ball depending on how a game can go. He can look like the best player on the floor. I don't know. Have you, have you gotten to peep that guy at all? Billy? I only pre peep when you give you the heads up, like with Queen where you're like, can you do a deep dive on this guy? And then I'll do it. But I'm always like kind of waiting for somebody to trigger me. Well Queen's, the other one Queen I mentioned that I, I think that he has sort of a Boris di di, he has a Euro way that he plays.


You know, he hit that game winner against Colorado State. He's a very cool level guy. Not much Shooter right now. So he's on a, he's on Maryland for the people listening. Yes, yes. A big guy who has really soft hands. He's constantly chewing his mouth guard, which drives my wife insane. But you are there, but A lot of germs. Yeah, So, But he's, he's an interesting player. I think depending on how you see the game, you can be really high on his potential. He plays with another big guy. So I think that his future could look a little bit different in the NBA. But he's, he's very fun. He has an interesting game. So yeah. So I did study him. He's one of the few guys. I really deep dove 'cause I was fascinated by him. 'cause he's such an anomaly for River as you know. I treat college basketball like it's the feeder system.


Like much like the real world used to be the feed feeder system for the challenge. I don't, there's nobody like him now. He doesn't seem like he can really rebound or defend the rim. But then you watch how sophisticated his offensive game is and, and honestly it's a little in Bish. Like I'm not, I'm talking about like last few years before he got hurt in Bish. Like the stuff he does facing the basket is really nice. Like he, it's just seems like if he's where he is now with some of that stuff four years from now and he could start doing a little bit of the one leg stuff or to take it to the basket jump hook. Like, I don't know what he is.


And I don't know if he's just gonna end up being a good stats bad team guy. But he's another one that you, you put on like that weird KC team and just like, Hey, this guy's gonna come in and we're just gonna run offense through him for seven minute stretches. Like, oh shit, this guy, I, I am not positive he's a winning player at the next level because of the rebounded defense. What do you think Tate? I like him as like a Kevin Love comp. I love the outlet pass. I love that he is a little chubby right now and I love that he wears the long sleeves because he is a little Bit chubby. He's chubby than he's ever been though, to his credit. That's true. Right? You got it. Yeah. He's getting in shape. And that's what Kevin Love did. And you mentioned it. I mean maybe he is a good stats bad team guy. That's what Kevin Love was. He went to Min Minnesota basically that's, that's, he was got to 20 and 13 and he was a lot of fun to watch.


And then eventually a contender LeBron James and the Heat said, Hey, or the Cleveland Cavaliers at that point said, Hey yeah, come join us here and play on a real team. So I think that that's kind of like best case scenario for Queen. But you talk about touch, you talk about like vision. You talk about just natural innates for the game. It's really nice. He has it all. And I like that he wanted the ball at the end of the game and he made that shot. I know a lot of people were talking about was it a traveler or was it a not, was it not a travel in the NBA? It's not a travel. So if you're an NBA fan, you're very encouraged to see him want the ball and finish a game. So he's, he's a lot of fun to watch. He's an interesting player prop guy. Mm. Because I could see him dropping like 35 in one in one of the games Coming up. Absolute. But you could also see him, you know, had dropped nine and and fell out in 19 minutes.


But I like him. That was a good recommendation. He was definitely something like, I think the D know his game's different. Dios a good comp because Dio was like, what is this? Yeah, that's that feel though. Like it's like you can't really describe it. It's just feel Dio was chilling a lot of the time and then he'd, he'd get on a good team and you'd be like, oh my God, I could do all the like, you know, Bobcat's DI would be like, oh does does this guy like basketball? What is, does he wanna retire? And then he gets with a great system. I have a lot of arguments with like drafty people about whether or not he's a four. I think he probably should play with a shooting five and he's inside. Yeah. So then you still have the, that Goes to Washington, like plays with SAR and sar could be the shot blocker. There you go. Yeah. Yeah. I Don't the, the NBA feels like there are all these like weird, talented, flawed big man now that it's almost like this new era of, of the situational big man.


Mm. The K clingons like this on Portland. Edie's definitely like this on Memphis. The Luke Cornets like this on the Celtics. These guys that make sense only in certain situations or matchups. And then you see 'em and they're good and then they might not even play the next time. Tate, what's your next one? Yeah, Hyper-specific roles. My next one you love the two thousands Michigan State team that went the Flintstone. So I like the Flintstone kids. Jace Richardson, Jason Richardson son. He is starring from Michigan State. Tom Izzo has the toughness with this group. He basically said last year he's gonna die trying to get Michigan State another national championship. And I believe in Bill and I think right Now you Might actually die. Yeah, he might actually might, might not make it. Yeah. He's fighting for his life out there.


And this team, while they're not all from Flint, Michigan, they do have the toughness, the mental makeup and they have bench points galore. This team does not have a guy. They have a lot. They do it by committee. It's the team, the team, the team, RIP, gene Hackman. But that's what Michigan State is this year. And I do feel like this group is on their way to making a special run. And it's very cool to cut to the crowd, see Matt team Cleve, see Jason Richardson watching his son play. And every single time they need like a big bus bucket to kind of get them going. It does feel like it is Jace Richardson. So I like that connective tissue. And I like the storyline of the Flintstone kids. So I think that's a fun one to watch. Tough bracket for them. Yeah. Tough draw. Tough draw. But Auburn, I mean they're susceptible to a team that actually plays and sticks together as a team.


And I feel like that would be the sell against Auburn if they get matched up with them in the elite eight. Kyle, what's your next one? That, that's a good transition there to my next one, which is really fun. Secondary guards. You know, you mentioned Jace. Jace really interesting because he doesn't play anything like his dad. I was trying to think of father son combos. It's like Steph kind of played like Dell. You could go down the line. Yeah. Jace doesn't have the same physical tools Jason did. He's, he's more of a, he's more of a cerebral secondary guard who just has this really wide ranging skillset. Another one that I know, It's like Brian and LeBron, like Brian's game is totally different than LeBron's. Yeah. And would've thought it's purely just a choice, you know? Yeah, yeah.


No. One of the, one of the interesting, and I know Tate, I know this is gonna happen is people are gonna watch Auburn and they're gonna go, why isn't Tahad Pettiford a lottery pick? This is going to happen. Mark it down because he's the sm he is one of the smoothest handlers scores has crazy middle game. There's a little dill, dill Dillingham kind of a thing going on with him where he can really handle the ball super skilled. He, he might be the most talented guy on the team. He probably is, honestly. And he is in their second unit. So Auburn has this old first unit that is very connected and good and guards. And then they have the most talented player on the team coming in in the second unit. Mm. And he gets to just play freely. And if he's going, he plays with the first unit. So that's one to keep an eye on.


He's, he's a fun, fun player. I was thinking in The Bachelor in the first like couple episodes, somebody will make it get like the last Rose that you can tell the person didn't wanna pick. But they had the Producers were like, you gotta gotta, gotta Gotta Keep 'em. Gotta the LA Lady Rose because we need her for the next episode. 'cause she'll be really good. I wish there were producer picks for March Madness where somebody could have done what that with Rutgers and be like, yeah look, I know they didn't qualify, but we gotta Producers pick them. We're gonna make them 15th seed. We needed those two guys in the tournament. Like it's outrageous that they're not in there. Right on The Ringer draft. ACEs four, Dylan's two and they're not, we didn't get to see 'em at all.


It's frustrating Tate, I, I like a captain's pick like what we do for the Ryder Cup. We do that for the Yeah. Captain's NCAA Captain. Yeah, we have, we have a captain of the tournament. We select like a celebrity this year. Condoleezza Rice is our captain and Condoleezza Rice, who does she want? She wants Rutgers and Rutgers comes fing into The Dirtt. Yeah's pick is great. Like we have no rules in college basketball anymore anyway. Couldn't they? Captains pick somebody and just cram 'em in for the first four. I don't know. I Love, I love that. I mean look, ACE Bailey had a great game at Indiana this year. That was probably like his, I was there his go-to tape. He had Kyle Mann was in the building for that one at Assembly Hall. Dylan Harper. I mean he showed flashes of why people thought he could be potentially a number one pick candidate. It does suck that they're not in the conversation. And I'm with you.


Let's get a captain's pick. Let's get 'em in. What's Your next one, Tate? Next one. I'm gonna be fair because we talked bad about Coach K and Duke before, but I do think it's obvious, and maybe it's ridiculous, we haven't even said it yet. But the flagship, the main character from Maine Cooper Flag is the story. Cooper Flag is the headline. Cooper flag, new Balance said he was the intelligent choice. Right? So that goes back to the Athenian kind of aspect of this team. He's the thinking man, he's got the best IQ on the floor, but also he's a Spartan. He wants to kill you and he enjoys killing you and he enjoys watching it. You talk about a killer instinct. This guy is different. He loves Christian Laettner. His parents obviously have instilled him with the layner kind of mindset. He went down with that ankle injury.


Everybody was worried. I was not, this is the kind of guy that he is. He's tough. He doesn't really care about anything else other than winning. I think that Duke, this is like, if you could build someone in a laboratory to go get you the title that you need this decade. Yeah. Cooper Flag is that guy. And it's almost a disservice that he is not getting more coverage because he is that good and he's that much of a winner. So it's ridiculous. He's been this far down our docket. But the flagship Cooper flag, You know, phenomenal bench reactions from him too when he's not playing. Oh yeah. Loves it. I mean, some of the best like really harkens back to Cobra Kai and Karate Kid one, like some of the couple of the guys on there coming forward doing. Yeah, Cooper would've been in Cobra Kai.


Can we just be honest? That's no question. He would've been awesome. He would've crushed. You Could see Him with the Matted hair and the headband. Yeah, it's a hundred percent. Yeah. Duke's fascinating. 'cause they're like a real basketball team. Oh yeah. They, I mean like, like a real one. Like they could come in, I, I, you know, could they win eight games of the NBA? Like maybe. But they have a lot of different pieces. The seven foot two guy. So he, he popped up in our ringer draft guide, but he's had some moments where you go, wait, what's going on here? Like, this is not hasim to beat. Like he can move his feet, he can go side to side. He can guard guards from 20 feet away. I was impressed by him. And then, you know how I feel about K Nipple?


I, I just, he's gonna go six spots too late. He'll go like 16 or 17. It's gonna be annoying. I'm just telling you now, people are gonna talk themselves outta him and he'll have like a 12 year career. Like, there's no question that guy is going to be a good basketball player in the NBA I'm, I'm positive. But go six rounds late six, six late. He has four little brothers and they all have insane names that start with K. It's like Cager, like knife, like they're all like the most ridiculous. Oh, it's like one of those families. Yeah. Oh yeah. You like those, you gotta get in on those families. Well, Parents, college basketball players. Oh, They're studs. Another, another mom who played, that's a really fun kind of trend among young players that we get is these really competitive moms.


Yeah. Like, you know, like Kelly Flag, Reed Shepherd's mom last year. You talk to anybody, they'd be like, Reid's mom is like the fire. Like, it, it's, it's a very, It's a common that we're seeing more mom. Yeah, yeah, yeah. It's, it's an interesting trend that's, that's happened lately. I'm counting on Kelly Flagg, who's a massive gigantic Celtics fan. Oh yeah. She's got a plan. Kyle Turn the TikTok camera on. I'm counting on Kelly flag to stick to her guns. The Celtics, the team that she loves very, very much. We have never seen somebody come into the NBA draft and just play out their rookie contract. Pass up that, oh, I better take that one con. No, no. He loves the Celtics. Five years just plays with whoever drafts them, jumps right to the Celtics by age 24.


We're waiting for 'em, we're gonna have the cap space ready. We got a new owner. Come home, come home. Cooper, you don't even have an NBA a team yet. Oh God. Come home to Boston. I I we're waiting for you. I can't wait till they tell Cooper flag about bird rights. And he is like, yeah, these are my bird rights. I'm going to the Celtics. I'm about to be Yeah. Burn the bird. The right move is to be Larry Bird. But like seriously, if, if you loved the team that much, what do you wanna play for them? I'm, I always feel like, I don't know, I'm, I'm holding out Hope Tate, if you could've played Div one college basketball, you would've played at UNC. Absolutely. A hundred percent. You would've gone Like to NC State, you would've gone to UNC. That's, I would've Gone would Carolina and I would've tampered and every recruit on campus, they would've had the best time they ever had. I promise you that Andrew Wiggins would've been a Tar heel.


I promise I not. Well this is, this has been Tate's case. This has been Tate's case for Steph for the last 10 years. Yeah. And Steph's now 37 and still on Golden State. So I don't know if, I don't know, maybe I, I'm, maybe I'm lost Twitter every once in a while. Just like pictures of the Hornets and like where he, I'm like, this could be you hanging in the rafters. Well, I wonder if if Charlotte got flagged. It does kind of, you know, because they're already talking about the Warriors. It's a, it's a two three year plan here with the dream on Steph and Butler contracts. So who knows, maybe age 40. Steph comes to play with Lalo. I went by season mc tour there. Yeah. Kate's moving back. You're moving back. If that happens, I'm going back for the one season. The Farewell tour. For sure. I was gonna say, wasn't Donovan Klingon, he's a, he's a Celtics fan, right?


Didn't he like have some kind of fist pump moment in the draft room because Lincoln's mom and Kelly flag, We're not turning on the TikTok camera for him. Kyle, Well Kelly Flag and Donovan Klein's mom actually played together in college. That's alright. I'm turning back on that sounds great. Maybe the two of them together finally just saying The four five combo. I love it. Yeah. I'm with you on Duke though. They, we, it's been a while. I mean we've had fun different versions of teams, but it's a team that at least has a little bit of the Florida late two thousands or I guess mid two thousands feel where you're just like, man Neil, all these guys are really good And they're kind of due, right? I mean 2019 with Zion Reddish and rj that was a team that probably should have won the national championship.


They lose the Michigan State 2022. They're on a collision course to win the championship on a wooden storyline for Coach K. They have to go up against Carolina, they lose with band Carro. So it does feel like third time's the charm like Cooper flag is kind of invaluable as he goes on this run. Like Paolo, there's a little bit of like, he's gonna be the number one pick. Who cares? Zion sort of the same deal. Plus there was the infighting of who gets the most shots, RJ or Zion, this team, they don't care who gets the shots. Right. And neither does Cooper and they win regardless. So I do feel like they're kind of the perfect version of a Duke team. Yeah. You think that 2019 team, it was more a collection of assets than a team. Oh, It was horribly built. Wasn't that team was Horribly built. Wasn't a team that made sense as a basketball team. The Duke team you watch, you're like, shit, all right, they need size.


Let's play flag in the seven two guy together. Right. You know, they just seems like they have an answer for everything. I'm disappointed Caleb fosters in playing more. 'cause I thought He's playing better defense. He's coming in. They got him now as like buying in just kind of as a defensive X Factor. They're like Davis. He's such a good high school player though. I'm, I'm keeping my stock with him. Kyle, what do you got for next one? Just, well I was, I'm with you. I'm, I'm disappointed. I'm also disappointed that Tate would say that Duke is due. I just, my skin crawled when you said That. Yeah. That that was ugly. That was fuck was that. I mean, I'm trying to stop it. Tate's older. He's scratch handicap and golf now. Dude. Do you realize how Tate is a golf? There's this whole Tate golf thing happening. I'm I'm, I I appreciate that. It's moving its way through the world.


You know what I mean? Nippy Cow's dad was like, just like we played golf with Tate today. What, what in the hell? Like he couldn't, couldn't believe how good Tate was. Maybe, maybe we need to do like a golf series with you Tate, where you just play golf with like famous NBA players curry. Shoot it with like cool cameras. How About we do stuff curry and then I basically pitch him on the hornets the entire round. Yeah, it's, you play golf and you and you pitch weird things. An aush to the players. Yeah, it's An ambush. I'm, I'm like an old assistant coach with like the, the national letter of intent. I'm just trying to get him to sign the paper. I'm like, Hey Steph, can You sign this score card? But it's carving contact paper. Oops. Signed your rights over. I Got all, we'll pitch it.


What's your next one, Kyle? This one is more of a, you know, Tate and I, we, we try to get, you were talking about the St. John's and the Arkansas game. I I try not to, I try to sort of put the like a curtain over the unsavory parts of the game. 'cause we wanna market the ver best version of this. This is more advice for, for the casual college basketball fan. If you find yourself watching, we all know YouTube T TV is just, it's all over the place. It's the dominant way to watch these games. Now if you're not watching this site, whatever, but when you turn on a college basketball game, my advice is to pause it for 10 to 15 minutes. Go make yourself a drink. Go make yourself a snack. Maybe talk to your kids, you know, do something productive in your, and you start on your taxes.


I don't know, whatever it is. I like this. Pause it. Go on a Reddit board and slam somebody You don't like, it's 15 minutes. You can do that Shit. Yeah. Just go send going. Somebody's Twitter applies. Say some shitty sand. You got 50 minutes to kill. Yeah, Go For it. Do this because the, the, the college review system is just completely broken in a way that is awful. It's like getting a, it's just like getting a, a full body tattoo with Yeah, it's horrible. It's horrible. So do that because once we get to that portion of the game, they're gonna be reviewing literally every single out of bounds call. They, they need to fix it. So I I, You don want you guys to have a good time. So just maybe have a snack break. Just prepare yourself for that. Pause the game so that you can skip right through all that stuff.


This is my number one pet peeve in all sports now is this. I went to OKC Clipper Sunday night and it was an awesome game. It was so good and it was super physical and athletic and really competitive. And then all of a sudden the refs are like, you know what'll be cool? Let's just slow this down like four different times, right. With long fucking reviews of nothing sucks. And it, the funniest thing is they're reviewing some things, but then other things aren't reviewable but are just as important to the game. So it's like, oh I can't review that. I missed it when it happened and we're not allowed to review that. But, but let me spend 10 minutes on this. I hate it. I just hate it. Nobody likes it. When, why did we turn into a sport where they, we do stuff where no, nobody likes something and they're like, let's double down twice as much.


Yeah. I don't get it. I, it's terrible. And to I Derek Thompson, when he was on, he was talking about how like we've gotten too efficient and I agree with that wholeheartedly. The humanity of getting a call wrong. I'm almost okay with Now. You know what I mean? Right. I could just live with the fact that we got it wrong in the moment and it looked like it was off on this guy. But let's just play the game. And if you're a coach now in college basketball, you don't even take your time out. Or you can take your timeouts early because you don't have to worry about it at the end of the game, you're gonna get at least two or three reviews so you get free timeouts. So it, it basically cheats the game for like the coaching aspect of timeouts too. So it it, it sucks on both sides of the coin. Unfortunately. I Hate it. The announcers are so terrible 'cause they have no idea what to talk about. They're just narrating the video that we've seen five times.


I don't know. Ah, maybe you could say it touched his tip there. Right. Let's bring in stato poor Jeans, some worst content. Like they should be bringing in like Shane Gillis and Bill Burr to like to to during the reviews to just do that. Incredible. Yes. Three minutes of comedy. That would be Great. Just roast them. Yeah. I have one I'm gonna throw in with you guy 'cause you, you did all yours. The, I'm, I think Edgecomb is a really interesting moment right now because where, where do we have them three in our draft guide and I just feel like prospects in the NBA like that are like quarterbacks in the NFL are like, I dunno, Sanders, he's probably like around 20. And then the draft comes and the thing everybody wants the most is a quarterback.


And in the NBA the thing you want most, unless you get somebody like flag the thing you want or, or somebody who's a dominant perimeter offensive player. Like those are the two things. No brainer. If you have a chance to get a Luca or a flag, like you're just doing it, the next thing you need beyond that are these, these awesome athletes swing men who can switch on everything and who could potentially become like a real offensive player and it's, I don't know what he's missing. So is is there, what, what is he missing Kyle? Hmm. He's just, a lot of the intangibles that are kind of athleticism driven are the things that you're gonna bank on in the short term. And I think they're gonna keep him on the floor. The only thing that are, that are missing are the, the things like handling and shooting the ball, which are not in bad places.


Yeah. Like he's not one of these raw athletes that comes in that offers those things and then they're just a total disaster. Like in Ostar Thompson you're like, oh holy, holy shit. I mean he, his first year was like a generationally bad three point shooting Right season. He's smaller than those guys at like six two ish. But he's like a Victor Oladipo type athlete. The big thing for him is half court athleticism. He doesn't need to be out in open space to impact the game. You know, he rebounds his position insanely well. He gets a lot of half court dunks. You hear people talk about that. I, I think that the upside for him, even if he doesn't become a superstar, he's gonna be a really, really, 'cause he is, he's the best overall explosive athlete in this, he in this in this class, he those moments.


Do you think? Yeah. Oh, go ahead. Well, I was just gonna say the only other player I've had this happen twice since I've been covering the draft that they tried such insane things with, with when they were trying to finish is him and John Morant. I had a whole folder of places like, I can't believe j tried to jump from here to finish this play. Yeah. Eds home is in that stratosphere of I'll try anything. He's fearless and I he's a smart player too. He, he held his own with the, with the Bahamian national team. Right. So if he's six eight, this is a no-brainer. He is the number two pick, but he is listed as six five. I went to the Cooper game Sunday night where Lou Dort, who's like literally six two and can guard everybody and every, like, he guarded Jalen Brown in the Celtics game who's six eight, like two 40 and he just completely locked him down.


So I don't know, I think he's, I think he's pretty interesting. All right guys. So sometimes It's like tall versus wide, you know what I mean? Like Lou do is like, I'm wide So like it doesn't matter if I'm As tall, he's like a tight end. Yeah. Any, any last prediction before we go? What do you got Tate? Last One. I think that Duke is going to win the national championship but watch out for Houston. We did not talk about Houston. Houston's a fun team. Giannis San Depo adopted them under the guise of Akeem Eli one a few years ago and he went down to Houston. So like, I kind of like the Houston Mo, they're a Jordan brand school so we didn't bring 'em up. So if it's not Duke, I think the Houston Cougars can stop 'em and they got a little bit of redemption last year. They had their best player get hurt in the tournament against Duke. So true. Watch out for Houston. That would be my last thing.


What do you got, Kyle? I love you had to bring up Jordan, but you're so on brand. Tate you had to mention, why did you have to mention that they're Jordan brand. He's the Goat, he's only the best player ever, you know. Thank you Bill. Sometimes you gotta do it. No, I was gonna add tack onto that on my oddities list. I didn't mention Houston has a guy who has longest arms on earth. Jojo Tugger, he's an undersized five at the college level at like 6, 8, 6 9. But he has an incredible plus Winks span. You'll see him immediately if you watch the games, but man, they defend holy moly. Like if you, if you had to, you could just sell a workout trying to dribble the ball against Houston's defense. Like I, it has to be exhausting to play them. But I, I agree with Tate. They're, they're gonna be a really tough out.


Any Last prediction For Kyle? I'm, I'm kind of with him. I kind, there is an inevitability about Duke right now that that feels, that feels really strong. I think Cal's gonna make the final four. That would be my, my prediction. No one Fan though. I think the bracket is good for him. I think it could happen. So the most shocking thing would be Duke winning basically any round before the last game. Okay. All right. I like it. All right, look, look forward to continuing hearing and reading you guys following the tournament. Tate Cowman grit. Steve. Thanks Bill. Thanks.


This episode is brought to you by the Wells Fargo Active Cash credit card. This is an ad for the active cash credit card from Wells Fargo. That's a mouthful, but that's because of Paxil Lot in Earn Unlimited 2% cash rewards on purchases with it big or small. So whether it's buying tickets to the game with your mom or grabbing a coffee with your dog, earn unlimited 2% cash rewards on purchases made with it. Say it with me. The active cash credit card from Wells Fargo. Learn more@wellsfargo.com. Forward slash active cash terms apply.


This episode is brought to by LinkedIn. During the season, every baseball team plays 162 games. It's a true test of endurance. It's not enough to have a hot month or two. You need sustained dominance throughout. While the same is true for your small business, it's not enough to have a great Q2, even a great year. You want year over year growth that starts with better hires. That'll be there for the long haul to find those hires. Use LinkedIn. LinkedIn has strong hiring data and insights that you won't find anywhere else to help pair you with the best candidates from unique skills and interests to the connections you have in common. Based on LinkedIn data, 72% of small businesses say that LinkedIn helps them find high quality talent. LinkedIn also lets you go beyond people who are actively applying in a given week. 171 million LinkedIn members aren't actively seeking jobs, but they are open to new opportunities. That's a big pool to miss out on. If you're not hiring with LinkedIn, find you're next. Great hire on LinkedIn. Post your job for free at LinkedIn dot com slash simmons. That's LinkedIn dot com slash simmons to post your job for free terms and conditions apply.


All right, Anthony Dabbundo is here. We're gonna talk MLB futures and a little bit of a gambling preview. Before we do that, I heard you on Ringer Gambling Show. Can you tell my audience the thing you did on Ringer Gambling Show about the elite offenses in March Madness and why you thought that was part of the dominance for this year so far? Yeah, I mean, so we saw a ton of favorites do really well and if you had looked through kind of the numbers of the field before the, when the bracket first came out the number 1, 2, 3, 4 seeds. They were all basically as strong as they've ever been. And a lot of it had to do with the fact that offensive efficiency in college basketball is through the roof basically better than it's been in the last decade or so.


And you know, we only have data for about 20 years on that from Ken Pom. But basically there are 17 teams this year that have a one 20 or above offensive efficiency according to Ken Pomeroy last year, 12. So that's like For the, for the NBA, that's like Cal's Celtics kind of level offensive efficiency. Right. And that normally would be like five to 10, you'd get like five or 10 elite offenses and everybody else would just be good to great. This year it's 17. So I think that was the big thing that drove the first weekend. And then you combine that with all of the underdogs and, and pretty much everybody shot the ball poorly from three the first weekend. Yeah. People were conspiracy theorying about the balls and the rims and whatnot.


But really it just, the math got, gets really hard to win as an underdog if you're facing these juggernaut offenses. So you think it's just generationally, these guys are just all getting better at shooting threes. Like what are, what are the reasons the, or the teams are just too loaded? What would be your biggest reason? I think some of it is there's kind of filter effects, right? We've seen this in the NBA and you talk about this on your show. The NBA is as good offensively as it's been ever. Yeah. And maybe the sport has been solved to a certain extent where Rim and three and analytics, because even the best teams now play this analytical style where it's rim and three shots. We're not gonna take contested midrange twos. And it used to be that the mid-majors could get an edge if they were really smart about it, if they shot a lot of threes.


But now everybody does it. Yeah. Everybody has the rim in three style and they're doing it with just better athletes in these high major schools. And so I think it's harder now. Like you look at a team like Alabama and you know, Nate Oats is running the ultimate math ball down there and it's just really hard to beat a team like that. Or a team, you know, like a, like a Duke who has elite shooters all over the floor and elite rim protectors at the rim. Good luck. Any, any sleepers or things you're looking at it? Tate and Kyle were just on and were saying they liked Arkansas for Final four 10 to one as a possible long shot bed. Anything you were looking at for the next couple rounds? We joked on Ringer gambling show, like, I think Duke and Houston, like a parlay to win their region.


I really don't see anybody stopping us from getting a semi-final of those two teams. I think you could see more chaos on the other side. Florida looked a little vulnerable. I like Texas Tech, they were my final four pick from that region. I still think they look great, but their best shooter, they keep saying he's healthy and then not playing him and they, they're being very cagey about it. Chance McMillan. So I don't know what to do with with that region. But yeah, the sleepers is a tough call this year 'cause it just feels like we're gonna get three or four one seeds in the final four. So Duke Houston plus 1 74 on FanDuel right now. That's a fun one. I'm gonna do that. Okay. MLB starting. I mean, it started already, now it's starting again. They played these two games in, in Japan and they count and this time the Dodgers actually won both of them.


But where do you, we, I asked you to come up with five favorite bets as kind of a preview for, for the big season. A LNL doesn't really matter. So give me, gimme your first favorite MLB be that you're looking at. Well, I'm not gonna beat the allegations that I'm playing to the home crowd here, but are are you buying in on the Red Sox? Are you like, what do we need to do to get Bill bought in on Boston getting, I'm kind of excited. I'm getting Okay, let's hear the case. So I think they're finally, so there were some things happening under the hood with Boston over the last couple years that make me think they're on the forefront of things with baseball and the way things are trending.


So last year, the big story of baseball, one of the bigger stories behind the scenes was that fastballs became unpopular relative to what they used to be. It used to be we wanna hunt the guys with the best fastballs, we wanted them to throw as hard as they can with the best stuff possible. And Boston said, what if we get a staff of guys and we focus on sinkers and cutters and junk ballers. And so Boston kind of started a trend. They zagged moving away from the fastball. Exactly. And baseball has kind of followed them a little bit on it. That's an encouraging sign. So they're on the forefront of something. And then the other big thing is this whole Raphael devs third base situation where he's kind of a butcher over at third incredible bat, but he's been one of the worst defensive third baser in the league now.


It's, it's a slow nudge. We're just slowly nudging him toward the DH spot, just being careful. But they've been one of the worst defenses in baseball for the last three seasons. And last year got a little better this year with Bregman at third and devs at ding second base was a hole for them defensively. No, We're we're not officially saying that yet. We're saying, oh no, devs still, we're, we're just, we're we're trying to handle his ego carefully. Right. And it is hard. I mean, if I'm, you know, devs his age, it's pretty early to get moved to dh. Yeah. And once you get moved to dh, you're DH usually don't come back. Yeah. Especially because Boston already has a first baseman they like in Casas. So I think Boston improving defensively at a key position at third base, improving and getting younger at second base, spending a ton of money slash trade capital to acquire frontline pitchers so that they're not just reliant on these kind of cutter CRO Guys.


Yeah. Crochet seems like he crochets they, they've been out of their mind with good. He's been, and that was a great trade. You know, I, I think people are frustrated. They weren't spending money, but they didn't have, have belatedly spending money on Bregman. But the crochet thing seems like that might have been actually a great trade. Right. And now with the situation at the top of the division with the Yankees kind of taken on some water here, I think I like Boston over 86 and a half wins. And to win the American League east plus two 70 I am buying in Wow. On Boston. And it's, again, it's the little things like, Hey, we're gonna worry about defense. Hey, we're gonna be ahead on this pitching thing. The bullpen is still a little iffy, but I think from a rotation and bats perspective, I think they might be the most well-rounded team in this division.


So they're plus two 60 to win the a to, to win the a l East. I thought on Fando, their 90 win number is plus 1 38, which I thought was intriguing. I don't know why he just wouldn't bet the 86 and a half over that. But Yeah, there's some, there's some positivity. It's interesting, especially with some of the young guys they have, they, they, they were voted the best farm system in baseball. Campbell's made the roster. He's gonna play, they have Roman Anthony waiting and it feels like they have some, some moves maybe to do in June, July. Whether they wanted to trade for one more veteran or maybe even, you know, maybe, maybe you move devs at that point and try to flip him for another big money dude that plays a different position.


I don't know. I they, they're way more interesting than they were. And then stories back, Tristan Cassis was in the middle of a bit of a breakout before he got injured. He was, and ended up missing most of the second half. So another big bat power in patience in this lineup. Bregman is such a, a true pro, a great vet who has a great eye. Like there's discipline to this lineup. And, you know, Jaron Duren went from, couldn't see a fly ball when it was hit to him. He just got lost and they would, you know, give up inside the park home runs to actually grading out as one of the best defensive players in the sport last year. Right. So it's, it's been quite a turnaround and I think there's real things happening in Boston. Yeah. We don't, the dur thing, was it a one year superstar fluke or is this just who he is now?


There's a lot of good storylines with them and you know, the, the fact that the Yankees, it looks like Arrow pointed down and then Baltimore, who I can't believe they have worse sides to win the division in Boston. It seemed like Baltimore was gonna be a juggernaut for the rest of the decade. So who knows. Yeah. Baltimore's best player starting the season on the il, they lost their best pitcher. Yeah. Not sure they've closing Yeah. Money. Yeah. It's Baltimore is the kind of team where we look back and, and they're not there yet. I'm not saying right off Baltimore, they still have a ton of young talent. Yeah. But it feels like they're in danger of not capitalizing on just how much young talent they have. And that's where I'm a little concerned about them. Like if you look at their rotation now on paper Yeah.


With the injury to Grayson Rodriguez, their ace, you're all of a sudden not sure how they get all of these great lineups out in the American League. The other case with that over under with the Red Sox is they really lost the narrative in Boston the last few years. And the Celtics just leapfrog them in the biggest possible way. And they're still the huge hockey fan base. Then Drake may shows up for the Pats and they, you know, I just felt like it was heading the wrong direction and maybe this is their chance to, oh, oh, you don't think we're still the Red Sox? And then they blow it up. All right, what's your next thing? What is that? What is Bo what what is you being back in on Boston look like for you? Like, are you gonna be watching games? Are you gonna be checking in first half of the season, second half of the season when They traded for crochet, I got excited.


I I I did. 'cause I was just like, really? They don't give a shit about this team anymore Trying to make it better. And they did that, the Bregman thing almost felt like, I think it was an overpay considering, you know, what the production has been the last six years, but he's still Oh, a good right-handed hitter who might be awesome in Fenway. He's a pro. Like, I think he's been important for the leadership for them, so I get it. Did they overpay for 'em? A little probably. But it's, there's definitely a look. The, the lineup has more balance and it's gonna be fun to see how they integrate the young guys. So yeah. I am I ready to jump back on the, on the watching it every day and watching what happens Bandwagon. I am, I I think I've officially licked my wounds from the Mookie bets trade.


'cause the Luca trade made the Mookie bets trade seem like a walk in the park. Like it's hard to even get mad anymore. All right. What's it, what's your next bet? All right, so we're gonna call them the bad good team who may have missed their window and it's, we're gonna stay in the division. Let's talk about the Yankees. I took their under 90 and a half before the coal injury. I like their 88 and a half under even more after the coal injury. And I, I get the idea that, hey, maybe it's become a little too trendy. Everybody's saying this could be a down year for the Yankees. I just pulled up the athletics season predictions and like two people on their staff picked the Yankees to win the American League. So maybe we forgot that they were the best team last year, but I think they really come back to the pack.


And I pulled up their stats. They had five above average hitters last year, most of the summer. It was kind of just Soto and Judge Soto and Judge, yeah. Stanton sometimes. But Glad Tores is gone. He was a productive player for them despite the, the fan base is ire. Juan Soto is a force multiplier of a loss. Stanton's already hurt Cole's already hurt, done for the year. Rookie of the year. Luis Hill, he is gonna miss, he's on the 60 day il, he's got an issue. Clark Schmidt comes down with a, with a shoulder problem. And Now you're looking around and this roster is very, very thin in a American league that's very, very deep with above average to competitive teams.


There's no, there's no elite teams. MLB power rankings, the top five are all National league this year. Yeah. But that, there's a lot of teams between like six and 15. And I kind of think the Yankees are just one of those teams. Wow. In that, in that mix this year, Well I'm in that crazy a l keeper league with my friend Hench again. And we had Ben Rice for $5 trying to decide, oh, is this, he might actually get a batch, should we, let's, let's always do the process and look at him. And it's like he's starting, its righties for the Yankees. The guy hit like 180 last year. So that, that was the first time I was like, oh man, this, where, where is this going? Like Marcus Stroman is actually gonna gonna start for them and, and they're gonna try to get like 180 innings at 'em.


I don't know. I it seems like they're, it seems like a transition year potentially. And, and I gotta be honest, nothing would make me happier. 'cause I get to torture Jacko and JJ and, and the other Yankees and fans of my life. I I JJ doesn't seem too confident. We talk off air a lot about Davis. No, He does not. He's not feeling too confident. He's about the season. He not, he's not happy. But how come you, there Must be a little of, remember the cowboys April, may, June when all of us were like, wow, that over under is way too high. I don't think they're gonna be very good. Yeah, I don't. And then they had actually had to move the over, under down and then we got toward the season and people tried to start talking themselves back into them and it's like, I don't know man, I don't, not seeing it. And then they weren't good.


It feels a little like that. That's actually exactly what I did where I was like, I don't know about Dallas this year. And then it got so low. I was like, are we sure they're this bad? And it turns out they were. And there are parallels. I mean, I mean, Dak going down for two thirds of the season didn't help but the, it's a lot stars. That's the injury lot of, and then a lot of just, eh, we're not so sure about the depth on this roster and you know, they tried to plug the Soto loss as best as they could. Cody Bellinger, iss a fine player. Devin Williams is an elite closer. Max Free's a a very good starting pitcher, but like the net net is a pretty big loss. And the thing, you know, Soto has protection for judge. Yeah. The, the story was always we can't protect judge in this lineup. And so Soto was always on base.


It's a major reason why Judge led the league in RBI last year. Yeah. And I think Alonso, Pete Alonso in New York has a chance to do it this year just solely because he's gonna hit third behind Juan Soto and Lin do. So I think the Yankees are, you know, an 85, 86 wild card team this year. I, I don't see them winning this division. Wow. I think the Orioles are better and I think the, the Red Sox are better. That sounds great. I love how we started this. All right, you have three more. All right. We're gonna go with the good bad team. They don't have a city officially, but I'm, I'm calling them the Sacramento a's over 71 and a half. They're just the athletics this year Over 71 and a half. They're the good bad team. Yeah, I really like the A's. And it sounds crazy.


You're like, you know, this team was an embarrassment two years ago. The ownership is an embarrassment. What they did to Oakland is a joke. But in terms of the actual on the field product, I'm kind of buying in and they were a 500 team after the deadline last year. They got multiple breakouts from guys like JJ bde and Lawrence Butler who kind of came outta nowhere and put together really impressive seasons. Brent Ruckers the best hitter in baseball that the casual fan doesn't know about. And the other part of this offense that I'm excited about, they're moving out of Oakland. Yeah. Which was a terrible park for hitters. And now in Sacramento it's just an average park. You know, it's not like they're gonna not have home fans like the fan base, you know, whatever. And I think this is an above average lineup.


And In fact, in my power rankings, I I put offensive ranking in each blurb. Yeah. I have Union 13th this season. I think they're a real offense that could slug their way to a 500 record. Would you think plus three 50 for the A's to win 80 plus games on FanDuel? Does that intrigue you at all? It, it kind of does. And I'll give you a player for your al breakout team, your your keeper team, Tyler Soderstrom, he might already be owned, but he, last season in about 200, played appearances, showed everything that you wanna see in a potential future slugger, patience, power, really impressive like barrel rates and and such. So he was an above average hitter at age 23 in 200 bats with the A's who were not a competitive team.


Yeah. Those are the kind of guys that could power this offense. And to their credit, they did spend money. They, they went out and bought Luis Severino Yeah. And Jeffrey Springs to give themselves like a real floor as a pitching rotation. And so now I think they're not gonna, you know, be a a, a true dumpster fire like they've been the last couple years, The whole thing where they dropped their first name is almost unparalleled. I can't remember anything remotely like that before team, even when you look at them on the different betting odds, it's like team. Yeah. It just says athletics. Yeah, it's, you're right. It's like Washington football team, Whatever that which wish shoulda kept. It was pretty funny. Yeah. All right, what's your next one? I like that. I like all three of these so far. All right, next one. I'm going back to my tried and true. There was a brief pause last season.


We took a break while Atlanta's entire team was injured, but the Atlanta Braves not just to win the NL east, which I think they're down to like plus 1 10, 1 20, but to also get a first round buy, which is at plus one 60 at FanDuel. And you Can bet on that. I didn't even notice that one. First round buy betting. Wow. You waiting six months to find out if you gotta buy. That sounds Great. Well here's the thing I'm doing that The, there's such an imbalance in baseball, especially in the National League, not as much in the American League, but basically the five best teams, six honestly with the Padres, the Diamondbacks, the Dodgers, the Padres, Phillies, the Mets, and the Braves all play in the west and the east divisions.


The central is kind of, we'll say mediocre. That, that, that we'll say that. Yeah. And so basically since Major League baseball changed the format to, we're gonna have six teams in, we're gonna give out two buys. Like the old football format used to be the top two division winners get the buys all three years in the National League. It's been whoever wins the east and whoever wins the west. Because to win those divisions you need to win 95 games. Yeah. And there's just no way that the central teams can get there. So it, I kind of see it as the same bet. Maybe the Cubs or the Brewers or the Cardinals come outta nowhere and win 95 games. That would really shock me. But it feels like whoever wins the East and whoever, and probably the Dodgers in the west will just be the, the two teams that get the buy.


So plus one 60 on Atlanta, like it is, is where I go on that. And I think we're getting a bit of a discount on the Braves. I mean, I love this division, it's gonna be so much fun. I've got my Phillies of course and Mets who I would never bet on, but Strider coming back. Yeah. Spencer Schach is a dark horse. Cy Young candidate. He's down to 25 to one, but he's basically been, he was a top 10 pitcher in the league from July onward. And so I'm in on the Braves as kind of the, don't forget about us team because they're the only team I can really see going seven games with the Dodgers and actually seeing a path to them beating the Dodgers if everybody's healthy.


Like, you know, you could, it's baseball, right? Anything could happen. But to actually beat the Dodgers and to say that team I would go to war with, they're the only team I kind of see doing it right now. Do the Dodgers to win a record 117 plus regular season games at plus six 30 intrigue you at all. That's a lot of wins, man. You, you don't only have to have 45 losses There. I already have two, two wins in the bank. There you go. Right. I, I can't see it. I mean, have you seen the stuff about Ooky bets? What Happened? He's lost. Oh, the weight loss. Yeah. He had some weird virus. Right. He don't know what's wrong with him. Yeah. He like can't keep food down.


He made the trip to Tokyo but didn't play and yeah, there's a lot of weird things happening with him and Freddie Freeman. Yeah. Freddy's got this elbow thing and he's, you know, he didn't play the, the, the series either. They still won without them. So I guess you know who needs them, but they do need them. Right. And this lineup is older. So if you wanted to kind of make the zag case against the Dodgers, they were the oldest lineup in baseball last year. They're not getting younger with their current core, but yeah, the, the pitching is so deep that they could, they could, it's of course a couple injuries. It's insane. And that, I gotta say the Dodger fans have always liked them, always gotten along with them. I always thought they had a great fan base. Little cocky lately, not gonna lie.


Little cocky. I've had to, I was with the Dodger fan recently and I had to remind, he was talking about two World Series this decade already. I was like, that first one doesn't count. Nobody's counting that. Nobody's counting. It's Big World series. It's got seven asterisks next to it. And you won the one in 81. That was the, the strike season. Like you have two asterisk titles, settle Downs. Well the one thing is the, the problem with the Dodgers has always been they go 1 62 to the best team, but then they kind of run outta gas. Right. And in that season, that 2020 season, they didn't have to go the full 1 62. It was only 60 games. And so they had, they were, they was as healthy as they've ever been going into the playoffs this year. They do have a lot of risky bets with their pitching.


I mean, yeah because Sasaki is awesome, but there's already some arm concerns with him. Tyler Glass now one of my favorite pictures on earth. But you know, for like three months a year. Yeah. Who knows. Yeah. And then Blake Snell is hit or miss every year, another Who knows. Right. So, but if you have all of these bets on all of these guys, your odds are you'll just have three of them for the playoffs. And then you have three of the top pitchers in the sport in the playoffs. So I I, and they're the, the sneaky thing, and this is where they deserve a lot of credit, more credit than they get. They find these bargain bin prospects and turn them into great middle relievers and to set up guys and they pull guys out of obscurity and they pitch to a two five ERA in the playoffs.


And you're like, who's that guy? Oh, he throws 97. Oh yeah. Oh that guy. 99. Oh he's throwing 1 0 1. I mean you've never heard of them. Right. And that's how, that's how they make it work where yes, they have the biggest payroll and yes they have Tani and yes they, you know, are the best team in the league, but they also have a good farm and they have a good player development too. Plus 1 35 to win the NL on FanDuel. And it feels suspicious to me. I would never doubt That. I thought it was gonna be a minus odds and it was like plus 1 35. Hmm. What do they know? And then in the American League, the Red Sox have the third best odds. Right now they're eight to one. So people have I think been banging them Second best odds to make the playoffs in the American League as well.


One thing, you know, like plus 1 35, even if the do the Dodgers could go one 20 and 42, they could break the record for the best team ever. Yeah. They're still gonna have to play a five game series with a very good team. Probably like a Phillies or a Mets or a Diamondbacks in the first round of the playoffs so they could end up, you know, like last year they were down two one and when Dave Roberts came up and said we have a bullpen game in game four, every Dodgers fan before they got cocky 'cause they won the World Series, every Dodgers fan was like, that's it. Season's over. Like, you know, I know Joie tweeted the, the video of the guy playing the trumpet at the funeral, like this is over for the Dodgers, right when they were down two one to the Padres and you know, the San Diego ended up losing that series and they played an incredible game five.


But you know, the margins are still so small in these baseball playoffs, especially with all these good teams in the National League. You made me think of something before we get to your last bet. So House always does, he calls it the Mahomes layaway playing MVP bet we're just betted every year and it's, it's gonna hit some years and, and same thing with the Sal does it with the Chiefs. Like just bet the Chiefs to win the Super Bowl every year. Just do it now. It's gonna hit every other year or two out of every three years and just have these things you can bet on the NFL and know you're probably gonna be in the mix. Is there anything like that with baseball this year or anything this decade? Other than the Dodgers with there, is there anything else you'd even put any player, any home run total, anything?


Well it's funny 'cause Shhe Tani is plus 1 45 to win the MVPI have never seen. Do you think that to Mahomes? I've never seen a player this low to win MVP and the thing was like last year, I remember coming into the season and people were texting me like, why is Tani's MVP odd so low? I was like, well he's not pitching this year. Yeah. So he would need to do something truly insane as a hitter And he did to Win the MVP. So I wouldn't bet him, because voters are gonna say, well if he hit and he pitched last year and we gave him MVP and now he's not pitching, we can't give him MVP this year. And then he went and did something historic that like, had never been done in the history of baseball with the 50 50 and he won MVP going away. So I, I'm done trying to pretend to be like, well actually with Tani.


Yeah. So if he plays 162 ga, if he plays, you know, the full season, 140 whatever games and he pitches at a competent level and he hits at the level we've seen him hit at, how does he not win? How do you beat him? That's a good point. I Don't think voter fatigue is a thing yet because we're still so in awe of what Tani is doing. It's not like a LeBron situation where he's the best player, but they're all kind of doing the same things. Tani is doing something that nobody else does. Yeah. So how do you put, how do you like get tired of that? I, I can't, I I watch Dodgers games every time he pitches. I'm just amazed by So Sotos, It's really incredible. Five 50. That would be the only other one I could even think of if he just became Mr.


Met this year and became the most popular, you know, player in the city basically. That's the only thing I could think of. What's your last bet? My last bet is my favorite bet. Oh and my favorite dark horse. And it's the, don't forget about us, Arizona. Diamondbacks to make the playoffs are minus one 20. They're, they're probably my favorite World Series quote unquote long shot this year. They're the ultimate post hype because two years ago they made this miracle run to the World Series out of nowhere. Nobody saw them coming. And then there were expectations last year. Yeah. You know, there's only so much you can do in terms of expectations because you have the Dodgers in your division and that makes it really hard to win the division 'cause they're not better than the Dodgers over 1 62.


Yeah. But all you've heard off season is Dodgers. This Dodgers that Dodgers, this Arizona scored the most runs in baseball last year. They added Corbin Burns, they improved their bullpen, which was the reason they didn't make the playoffs last year. People forget there was that whole insane final day of the regular season saw plot type event with the Mets and the Braves where both teams had to split to get in the playoffs. But if one team won both games that it would've been Arizona that got in the playoffs. The only reason that happened was because Arizona lost five of their last seven games in the final week. They completely choked their bullpen imploded and they fell apart. This is the best roster they've had.


And they have 2023 Rookie of the year, Corbin Carroll, who had a terrible sophomore slump first half of the season and then played at an MVP level in the second half, a non tani MVP level in the second half of the season. So, you know, Carol breakout, you know, big time, third season for him could take a leap. Great pitching. They improve the bullpen. I think the, the snakes, the snakes are alive to make the playoffs and, and maybe pull an upset or two in the playoffs as well. So we got, I'm looking at what do we have for win total for them? Is it Probably 86 and a half Plus 1 48 for them to win 90 plus games? Yeah, I like it.


Okay. Pretty listen to my team this year. Who's, who's winning Champions league? Barcelona was my pick. We did Paul Carr, Steve and I, we did our bracket. Yeah. And we have a little draft going. And I picked Barcelona Al is the coolest story in this, in the soccer world right now. And he's just dominating and you know, there's, there's parallels to, to a young messy and oh, just unbelievable what he did in the round of 16 against fka. Like he completely tore apart a very competent team by himself for the first two goals and you're just like, whatcha supposed to do. Right. And he did it for Spain at age 16 this summer and, you know, led them to the Euros.


He was the, quite frankly the best player at the tournament. So what he's doing for them, we will see if they play any defense, but what he's doing is unbelievable. And plus Three 20 on FanDuel. Yeah, Barcelona. Okay. All right. There go. We've never, We've never had a a bar al final and we could get one. Ria, Madrid and Barcelona are looking good at the moment. Who's the Colt's quarterback next year? Anthony Richardson. Look, she'll came on here and said the most I I like had to take my AirPods out and think for a second. I was so upset. Trading Anthony Richardson to Pittsburgh. I'm not giving up yet. I'll be the last person on Richardson Island. They will, they will like don't to spray, don't chemicals on top of Get get close to him on Richardson Island.


You might get hit by a ball that goes over some football that goes over somebody's head. Just Be careful. That's fine, that's fine. I'm the last man. Keep your head on a swivel standing. I'm the last man standing. I'll be there and maybe we'll get some people to join us. Can't they just have him work on just, here's a 20 yard pass. Just there's that guy over there. Can't you just throw it to where the guy is? Well he's working this off season with the guy who fixed Josh Allen's mechanics. Oh great. So, so we've got, we've got some optimism. He's fully healthy. People forget he was a rookie. He out played, he played like five games and he was hurt. Yeah. And then he didn't get a regular off season 'cause he was hurt. So this is the first full offseason. I'm treating this like his year two. So I like this. If he's not showing improvement, we're out.


Stock is low. I like this. He's got a little Danny Dimes competition. Yeah. Danny Dimes. Yeah. Great. All right. Good to see you Dund. Absolutely. Thanks for having Thanks. Alright, that's it for the podcast. Thanks to Tate and Kyle and Callie and Dund. Thanks to Kyle and Sar, Rudy and Gaal for producing. As always, don't forget you can watch clips and videos from this podcast on the Bill Simmons YouTube channel and we're also doing it as video pods on Spotify. Every time you just see it, see it, watch it, throw it in your pocket. You don't have to watch it, then you can watch it again. Whatever you wanna do. I'm not sure if I'm back on Thursday yet. We're gonna play it by ear. But I will be in Boston on Thursday night for a live re watchable show.


And then we'll be be in Coolidge Corner all weekend for the Coolidge Corner Boston Movie Heist movie film festival. I think there might be a couple tickets left available. You can check it out at The Ringer dot com slash events. So see you later in the week. Must be 21 plus and President Select states for Kansas and affiliation with Kansas Star Casino or 18 plus and President DC gambling problem.


Call 100 GAMBLER. Visit rg help.com. Call 1 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org/chat in Connecticut. Or visit md gambling help.org in Maryland. Hope is here. Visit gambling help line ma.org or call 803 2 7 50 50 for twenty four seven. Support Massachusetts. Or call 1 8 7 7 8 HOPE ny. Or text HOPE NY in New York.