
Coming up Sundays, basketball ro you know the drill. It's next.


This episode is brought to you by Michelob Ultra, wherever you like to watch the game at the arena of the bar home, wherever. Enjoy every moment of the NBA season with an ice cold Michelob Ultra. And you know, we've done some stuff with them, so they'll send me the Michelob Ultra, I'll put it in the fridge. It's really interesting what happens. People come over, they want a beer, they go, oh, Michelob Ultra. Or, I've never tried one of these. I've heard you talked about it. A hundred percent approval rating every single time. Keep it nice and cold. It's delicious. There's only one way to watch your favorite teams drop buckets. And that's with a bucket. Michelob B Ultra stock up on Michelob Ultra for the NBA season. Michelob Ultra, a superior light beer. Enjoy responsibly copyright 2025 in Eiser Busch. Michelob Bora Registered Light Beer, St. Louis, Missouri.


This episode is brought to you by Paramount Plus now streaming on Paramount plus the return of 1923. A Yellowstone origin story from Taylor Sheridan, executive producer of Landman comes an all new season in the Dutton Saga starring Academy Award nominee Harrison Ford and Academy Award winner Halen Muren. See how the Dutton family defends their legacy in a fight that defines generations. 1923, A Yellowstone Origin story Season two, A show I really like now, streaming exclusively on Paramount Plus,


we're also brought to you by The Ringer Podcast Network, where have new re watchable coming for you. On Monday night, we did an Oscar winner. You'll be able to watch that as a video podcast on Spotify. You can watch it on The Ringer Movies YouTube channel as well. If you love the Oscars, this is going up before the Oscars, but Sean Fantasy Amanda Dobbins will be reacting to the Oscars, I think right after the telecast. So check out the big picture for that.


We're also brought to you by FanDuel Sportsbook, where I don't know if you know, but we're doing these player performance doubles with FanDuel two leg parlays already made for you. Take an NBA player prop, combine it with a bet on that player's team to win. And starting this week, we will have a ringer PBT on a player performance bet placed on one of the Tuesday games. Rockets Pacers. Whereas next Bucks Hawks net Spurs, Clippers Sons. I'm gonna tweet out my pick on Tuesday. Stay tuned. Be sure to claim The Ringer PBT and the Carousel and the FanDuel Sports Book app.


Last thing to plug before we get to the podcast. Celtic City, the documentary series we did about the Boston Celtics. It's nine episodes over nine weeks. It is on max and HBO. It premieres Monday night. Get ready for it once a week. It's old school. You can watch an episode, you can think about it. Then the next week, another one comes on. It's almost like how they have with White Lotus. That's Celtic City. So please check that out. We spent a lot of time on it. Really proud of it. So Celtic City, Monday, March 3rd, get ready. Alright, Coming up. Got a lot, lot of weird basketball topics to talk about with Illa. Some big picture stuff. Some Alpha Dog stuff in the league between the teams. Cleveland had a big Friday.


We're covering it all. Next first. Our friends from Pearl Jam. Alright, We are taping this a little after 1230 Pacific Time. Just watch Celtics nuggets that we're gonna talk about later. The star of Shock Collar two is here. Ryan Marillo, you look great. I, the, the, the listeners can't hear it. Can't see it, but you got like a, it's like an early two thousands Red Sox set up Guy Food Manchu kind of look.


Is that a Van Dyke or a food man? You, Yeah, I don't know. I was looking at some old pictures of myself. Well, I usually break this out a couple times a year And I did it when I got my license picture taken last summer. And the picture of my license is just horrifying. And so for whatever reason, I don't know. I just, I used to do when I was in my twenties, I, I usually do do it every now and then. So we're, we're back. I love the board with your face moments. Not just you but me. I have 'em too, where you're just like, ah, fuck it. Girl mustache. Didn't you do it For PTII Did. We did. We did mustache week. Me and Leotard, we just both grew like big bushy, like buddy cup mustaches.


Yeah, it's fun. Lately I've been shaving. I'm like, that's a, that feels like a move now to be like, yeah, I'm gonna shave like a couple times a week back with the shaving. Honestly, if you went clean shaving, you're just getting ahead of where this is all going. That's in a couple years because there's gonna be a stretch. Like anything that's, whether it's fashion or hairstyles, I mean this is not insightful, it's all cyclical, but there's gonna be a stretch years from now where you're like, what the hell was going on? Yeah. Everyone just had a beard. Yeah. Like everybody just had a beard. I remember being so early to the beard that I showed up to the national championship game with it when it was Oregon Auburn and Todd McShay and Jesse Palmer on the sideline being like, you, you didn't shave.


And I'm like, I'm at a football game. I'm not even on tv. And they're like, yeah, but dude, like you look terrible. It is funny. So how many years ago was that? Like early 2000 tens range. Yeah, thousands. 15. Cam was still in college. So it's like, I think it's 15 years ago. That game. I remember between the first and second years when I was on the countdown show And I showed up for something during the summer And I had a beard and everybody was like, you're not gonna have that on tv. Right. Like they were freaked out by it. It does feel like the beard, the beard stuff has shifted by the last, and then covid just, it just was full bloom. Covid was, was kind of the apex mountain for beards. Everyone was just saying, I don't care anymore.


Yeah, that cranked it up. That was it. The home run PED phase of beards. We were like, Luis Gonzalez says how many home run, Right. Was that early two thousands? Yeah, because then it's a, it's a bit like the arm sleeve thing, like the early arm sleeve tack guy. You're like, all right, I don't, probably don't wanna mess with that guy. You know, it's like somebody who's really friendly but they blink a lot. You just go, eh, I might wanna stay away from him. And then You, so over blinking is, is a fear thing for you? A little bit, Yes. Certain size. A guy that blinks a lot, want nothing to do with it. Never thought about that Good tip. Nah, It's a good tip. Yeah. Well I, yeah, it's a good tip for everybody. Yeah. Yeah.


So anyway, I think the sleeve, the sleeve thing turned into, I just felt like there should have been some prerequisite, like, you're gonna get double sleeves, like you're getting arm sleeves, you know, now I don't. And so I think the beard was some kind of transition off of that. I likely will never be clean shaven. Like I cannot even remember the last time just full up lather. I don't even have shaving cream at my house. I would have a beard way more often, but mine just gets white. And it actually, it used to, yeah, right. Used to hide some stuff, but now it's like you actually look younger when you don't have the beard. There's been some weird phases since, ever since I could shave. I, I think sideburns were a really weird stretch in that 92 to 94 stage inspired by Brandon and Dylan on 9 0 2 1 oh.


And then all of a sudden people were doing different sideburns things for like a year and a half. That was weird. We had also, There was also the, The high flat top look was in for a little bit. Like there's definitely been some weird stages looking back on what was going on there. Well the sideburns thing is again, just the cycle of, let me see how low I can bring these down. And it was fine. And then everybody was like, all right, get rid of these. But I remember the first moment, I mean I couldn't even shave like who am I kidding? But the first moment guys in junior high for like travel basketball, you know, there'd be a couple early bloomers if you know what I'm talking about. Yeah. And you're just like, what the hell's this guy doing? He's got a shaving kit and like, is this guy from Willow Manock? Like, what's going on? And so then dudes who couldn't even shave me being one of 'em, you just felt left out.


So guys started shaving their sideburns up as high as possible. Late eighties. Really? Right. That was a weird, weird, I didn't like that Era. Yeah. I hope that never comes back. But yeah, there was also, there was just a lot of chin shit in the early two thousands out of boredom. Yeah. I feel like that was baseball related. 'cause baseball really had that big comeback in the late nineties, early two thousands. Steroids driven, Yankees driven Yankees versus Red Sox bonds and the home run McGuire. And then the relievers and the home run sluggers all started having weird facial thing and it just took off. Remember Dunkin tried it. Duncan had a year in the early two thousands when Duncan went with like the shaved head.


Got a little like your look right now. But it was like, what are you doing? You're Tim Duncan. Why are, why are you trying this? What are you trying to look like? He almost looked like Dennis Haysbert The white beard call is right though. Because now I'm at the point where if I let it go, it's patchy in areas where it's not colored. Yeah. And then I have buddies that are dying their beards and then I, all I can think about is Richard Kimball And I just think like, I don't know man. Like I might, I might wanna, like at this point, I don't know that you're necessarily hiding your age, but there are definitely dudes that when they go full beard now and be like, even though you've got this salt and pepper thing, you're going way more salt and pepper. Yeah. And you've aged yourself so much.


So, you know, I don't know. I remember when cow herd's contract was up, I think he had red hair And I, I was like, What's going on? Well he joined FS one, he went, he went blonde for a bit. I've never dyed or done anything. I just can't do it. I'm just like, if, if nature's taken me certain directions, so be it. It's the way it's gonna have to go. I had a really hard time having that ball patch in my head. It was just brutal. And it really, yeah, The celebrity game really shook you. The the high camera shot. Yeah. I mean if I see John Berry to this day, it might be on because my Buddy, oh, he Mentioned it. My buddies wanted to kill John Berry. Just, Did he make a joke about it? He talked about it the entire fourth quarter apparently. I can't even go back and watch the tape.


It's too traumatic. Wow. I wonder if that's on u it just the YouTubes. Oh, it's all over the place. So my, my friends I'm talking about, and again in Massachusetts, friends that aren't exactly the most supportive people. Yeah. Scholars have argued, well they don't even argue about it. And so they were like, Hey, what the fuck is up with John Barry? And I went, right. I, I don't know, like that beef done with the game. You know, like I'm, I'm sitting here trying to iso against Hunger Games And I got the Secretary of education telling me to calm down a little bit. And then I had a sub myself. Which games person? Was it a Josh or something? Oh, that little, the the, he was smaller, right? Josh somebody, yeah. Yeah. I pushed him pretty hard at one point because I just wasn't playing well.


I'd actually had like a crack in my leg and you know, whatever. Now I'm making excuses. Years. So Were you the guy who tried to Josh Hutcherson? Were you the guy who tried too hard in the celebrity game? Because in my game it was the actor Jesse Williams who just was going all out. He play was Russell Westbrook. I didn't play, I didn't look, I shouldn't, I was not a celebrity. You know, ES ESPN was usually pretty good about trying to get somebody on air involved in some of that stuff. I like it. And so lacrosse, promotion, whatever it was, yeah, it was just, obviously I'd want to do it but I, I clearly wish I had gotten a play before that because then when I went back home to talk to buddies that I played with regularly, they're like, you're terrible now. They're like, we talked so much shit about like they were like lookout, he's gonna go off in this thing.


And I was like, yep, I know. But then on the other side it was a bit like when Kyrie was having his playoff run last year where even if he went four for 20 people would be like his joy is back and it's unbelievable. Yeah. So the threshold for like a good Kyrie stretch was pretty low And I think it was the same. And so when I got back to e ESPN, people were like, oh you played really well. And I was like eh, not really. Who is our, and then you got called bald I guess for it straight hours. So That would be a good NBA award at the end of the year that we should vote on the Joys Back Award. Award where we have to vote whose Joy was the most back? Who's the, who's the joy of back winner this year, next year. Like the odds on FanDuel, that Fanduels posting 26 odds and they're like KD is a minus 300 favorite for the joyous back.


He hasn't even traded yet. Right. Because You actually have to factor in the pre miserable. Yeah. Yes. You can't just pick somebody who's happy all the time. You have to get somebody who's a really moody dude. Yeah, that's tough. I don't know who our joy as back guy is. I, Well it's wherever Durant ends up, I think that's for year. It's probably Year. Is it Ky, maybe it's Kyrie. Maybe Kyrie. 'cause the, the trade was so late last year or the, the turnaround was so late last year. Maybe he's grandfathered in and he's the favorite this year. I don't know he would've won it last year. Don Mitchell. Could there be Kyrie Joy as back voter fatigue because he would've won it last year. Like a back to back. Donovan Mitchell who I don't think was completely miserable last year but I do think has has like an added level of joy this year.


And I think he would be somebody I would at least accept the thing Paul George probably would be last in the voting. He'd be the, the joy is not back. If that was an award When MD's on another team when they do the Joys back sit down feature for Oh yeah, No it's Jimmy Butler. Oh perfect. Yeah. You Can't even Jimmy Butler's like he had five points the other night when Steph had 56 and they interviewed him in the locker room and he was like just delighted. He was saying, I'm just so pleased to be here for this. Every Jimmy Butler quote I feel like, did Aaron Sorkin write the perfect like recovery? Like every quote, it's not just one good quote, it'll be like 12 or 12.


They're all perfect, right? And you think like, hey Sorkin come up with a script of this player that basically sabotaged himself, destroyed his own market value, destroyed his own free agency and like this isn't new. Even if we could get into some of the debates, which I think there's some fair criticisms of some of the Miami stuff, but I mean ultimately it was Butler that just checked out on the whole thing. They're like, okay, but when he goes to this new team and everybody starts making threes and they win a bunch of games, like give us perfect quotes. Every quote Butler has for like two weeks has nailed it. It's one of those situations where you're like, oh I forgot this guy had teeth. We hadn't seen his teeth for like three years 'cause he hadn't smiled since like 2021.


It's like, oh there Jimmy Butler's teeth, they're back giving these perfect long monologue answers. And if, if I was on the heat, I'd be so pissed he'd be like, oh my God, really? Was that easy? You're this happy. Yeah, you're this happy. Steph is like this much of a joy to be with with apparently is. It seems that, I mean that's another one is Steph is our joy MVP of just like, he just parcels out joy to other people. He is able to like transfer it to them. Just all you have to do is play with 'em and then go when everybody, this is what happens when you cut. Yeah. Like you Cut and then all this stuff is just wide open. I mean still even at Steph's age with this.


So Butler, it was funny because we had Anthony Slater on who you know from the athletic Yeah, he's national. But you know, his background is the Warriors and he made a really good point because I think anybody that knew about what was going on before the trade deadline and all the different conversations you hear like the Warriors are a little split. Well ultimately it matters if Lake Up or Dun leave the care probably more so lake up 'cause Lake's the one that's gonna have to, as they have them void out the player option, you give them north of a hundred million bucks and you're like, all right. You know, like I would never wanna be an owner or a GM in that situation. Like the way we can take a chance here is giving Jimmy Butler a two plus, you know, a hundred million plus over the next two years. But Slater was like, whatever the internal debates were, it was what are we disrupting now?


A a maybe non-playing team. Yeah. So who cares? Yeah. And that kind of ends the argument really, especially when you see these results. Yeah, I said on the, on the pod right after that, it wasn't a Hail Mary, it was somewhere between a third and nine and a third and 13 and the guys kind of covered and you throw it anyway. But the odds of Jimmy Butler just going to go and stay and being good immediately were pretty high. And then the odds of him enjoying playing st with Steph that seemed pretty high. And then just watching the weight of the world be immediately lifted off steps. I this would've been a more fun segment if they hadn't gotten crushed by Philadelphia last night. Yeah, but he didn't play game And I did not watch Quentin Grimes went nuts.


Butler didn't play, but can You believe Dallas traded Quentin Grimes? He went, whoa. How about can you believe Philly traded for Quentin Grimes when it was clear that they were supposed to be headed toward a tank thing? I'm, I'm intentionally not, this is not an over-prepared bod 'cause I wanted to go do more back and forth stuff and not have like set segments. You Nail it so far because I didn't, We were doing of this. Yeah, we we what we, there's definitely a couple big picture stuff I wanna hit. But the Philly thing, which I, I was gonna mention later, but we should talk about now. 'cause we had Embi, there was a report yesterday, EMBI went to the owner. It felt like this week was about Philly trying to subtly pin stuff on on Darryl Moy, the gm.


That that would, you know, we that like that was something I saw on a show. Well they, Darryl Morey was the one pushing for the Inbeat extension. Right. Because if we gonna go down that Road, are you saying I, I'm just to interject quickly just are you going off of like the rumbling of like Josh Harris really was like not sure that he wanted to do this? Yeah. Can I, can we, because that you're talking about, so just go, we update this quickly because this is absurd and I'm not gonna allow it. Ultimately one guy owns a basketball team and when it's that amount of money and it's that big of a decision that guy's making the call, he's not deferring to the gm. He's not going, I don't wanna do this and that's a lot of money, but Darrell says we should, so I'm just gonna do it.


It's, it's not happening. That's not how the league works. Like the reason Minga is still the Warriors is 'cause Joe Jacob didn't wanna trade Domingo. There's no other reason Joe Jacob likes Minga. He wants, he doesn't wanna give up on him and that's why he wasn't part of any of those trades. The owners control the show and they're gonna decide what happens so they could pass the buck. And I'm not defending Darryl because I thought I would've rather resigned than given beat that extension honestly. But nobody's gonna do that. There's 30 of these jobs. No, I I would've been like, listen, just can you, can we just talk buyout 'cause this is the dumbest, I can't believe we're doing this. But then we're now in the bus throwing stage with this Philly situation and they're in a weird spot because if they get the seventh pick and they don't end up with one of these top six picks in a draft, that's awesome.


This is a catastrophic, we haven't ever had a season this bad for a team in 10 years. So you would disagree with my tweet about this being the second worst thing a front office has done. Unless you'll allow me the, the leniency that I'm including ownership in that. 'cause you're right, I mean nobody, nobody goes as an owner. Like there's so much stuff that happens with ownership making the final calls and these things. I think even sometimes I'll forget that. Not that I don't know it, but I like that you're reminding us of it because especially it's Never happening without him saying, yes, okay, I'm in, It's three years, 192.9 million. He has a player option in three years for $70 million.


He's out for the season. And then when you start hearing about breaking a bone in the leg to help recovery And I think there was a lot of stuff that was kind of nasty about this where I don't, I forget who it was, but basically laid out all the options for the 76 ERs, then it got turned into the 76 ERs looking into the retirement exemption. If he, if he can't play again, it's like, look, we're not even what's happen, we're not even there. Like that's, We're two years away from that. Right. My point of the entire extension was, I remember when it happened, I, all I could think of was, well you have him. Like I know there was all the nick stuff, you know, but you, you have somebody who's basically missed half of their career. Yeah.


And you haven't really done anything with him. We know what the playoff regular season Split are. You made the second round twice. Right. So what, what's the rush? Also, you watch him in the Olympics, you watched him in the Olympics not look a hundred percent. So what, so if you don't sign 'em, you still have under contract for two years. You can't do the wait and see that, what's he gonna do? Like hold out. You know, it, it was just, it's a catastrophic decision and it was bad when it happened. We talked about it when it happened. We talked about it in our season preview. What did you think, just outta curiosity, what was the worst decision than in that, than that extension? Well you know, on the Lakers now.


Oh fair. I thought you were talking off season. Yeah, yeah Lucas, you're right. Luca trade's number one entrenched. I've gone to three Lakers games. Yeah, you're like, you're I when you buying a jersey, I'm Mr. Laker right now. Yeah. You're just going And you know, just seeing him progressively get better and better, which I know is shocking to some that he had missed two months. A big guy who weighs two 70 didn't look super crisp right outta the gates. Yeah. And just seeing his progression continue and the comfort at what comes with him being comfortable.


Like as soon as he starts yelling and getting pissed off, you're like, okay, this is, this is heading in the right direction. That's why I thought that first game that he played against Utah was so funny because he was so tired. Yeah. He didn't have time for any of that stuff. And I think a lot of basketball players, even the greatest ones, you know, they'll try to just find a way to fit in a little bit. And with Luca it's like don't, no, don't, don't try to fit in. Just go ahead and play your style. Which I know we're gonna do some Laker stuff because I saw your clip this week and, and I'm with you that the, the biggest compliment is that now I don't even know what the ceiling is on the possibility for this team. Which I think a lot of us thought when this trade happened it's like okay that might ruin 25 but it makes all the sense to the world.


'cause Now you get to reset your franchise and now I think that conversation has shifted quite a bit here. Yeah. It's the thing he used to do in Dallas And I, I've been interested in why 'cause I know JJ knows it And I think JJs done a really good job this year. Luca's one of those, do I have it or not in the first quarter guys. Which I think Tatum's a little bit like this too, where they'll use the first quarter to see Steph does it all the time. Yeah. And I think the Lakers have already been like, yeah, you figure out in the first quarter how you are. And I, I've been so impressed by LeBron just kind of, all right, I'll, I'll wait and see too and then I'll see where I fit in today. And then he always gets his stats and he's been, you know, I'm sure you saw it in person, like he's as active as he is been in a couple years.


But The defensive stuff that LeBron is doing 'cause you know, it's hilarious I think. I think it's totally fair where when they're bad defensively, a lot of it, you know, there's, there's stuff that I know that we'll get into And I don't know how much rotational Laker stuff you wanna talk about between now and where they were. They were bad defensive team but you know, he is has ups and downs. But there, I mean this group where you went Luca Reeves, LeBron on the perimeter now no ad behind it. Like how good can they be defensively And they've been incredible. And I'm actually gonna give a little credit here 'cause Greg St. Jean who's the son of of Gary, the longtime Warriors exec, he was with the Lakers when LeBron was there before then he was at Dallas with Luca. Then he comes back on a JJ staff And I know him a little bit so certainly I'm biased.


Be like, Hey you doing anything tonight? And he'll be like, I'm installing our, you know, entry passes against the Utah jazz. Yeah. And it's like all right, you know he's just, he's just one of those guys. He'll be a head coach at some point. I have this alternate pin down defense. I'm working on pin down three. Yeah. We're working on a lot of side out of bounds stuff today. Yeah. I think his relationship with the players like in the fact that these two superstars you know, have been there. I think JJ has a lot to do with it. They're just so much more prepared as a basketball team. And there was also stuff like at one point when the record wasn't that be much better we're like oh JJ Reddi it because let's face it, like most people were rooting against JJ being successful because of the background. But NBA head coaching paths are, are very non-traditional.


Okay. I mean this has been going on for 20 plus. I don't even know maybe even longer than that. You would know better than I would how many times you're like okay I guess they're just gonna make that guy head coach. And I remember when the records are similar, there was a bit like, oh well this isn't any better than Darbin ham and you watch them now and how prepared they are and whether it was the Denver game we were talking about just a week ago, this team has has figured some stuff out on, on defense And I just didn't think was possible. I agree. And it, and even when you're watching them, it still feels like they have like legitimate holes and yet collectively they've figured out how to cover up for a lot of them. Like I still feel like the right kind of point guard can just get whatever shot they want and then you the bench, some of the bench guys I just don't trust at all.


But it works and everybody, it's like JJ said this a couple weeks ago that the biggest lesson he learned as coach during the season was it's all about Whether you guys play hard and it's the most simple point ever. It wouldn't be a an interesting mind in the game episode but I think this is the recurring theme for the best teams in the league. Like all of them give a shit game to game quarter to quarter, half to half. And the Lakers, to their credit, it's, it's impressive. And then you look at Philly on the flip side of that, where how many times did you watch a Philly quarter where you're like, this is the worst thing I've ever seen. What's happening? Why are, how are they allowing this same for the Phoenix Suns where they're just like, yeah just gonna go in the corner.


Not if if I'm not getting the ball I might not run back. Eh, The crazy thing about the sun two Offensive rebounds. Yeah. Is normally you could point to like lack of rotational consistency last year and yet they still hadn't. Like you look at last year's season and you thought last year was a disappointment 'cause you could just go, imagine if they had all three guys. Yeah. What they win have this like 48. They were the six C weren't they? Yeah. So they Were these like 47 48 wins. You Have this quirky clutch stat that doesn't even make any sense of how bad they were offensively. And you're just like, well there's no way that'll happen again. And then when I was looking at it for my show, you look at the three dudes and you're getting this elite shot making this incredible output. It's almost like 80 points per game I think in February when I did the numbers for those guys.


And then it's like yeah but everything else like doesn't work. And I know bowl bulls had a really nice run here, but let me actually Laker minute rotation you scattering report. If he has a clean look on the catching three, he's probably gonna reset himself and move. Alright. Long. I would add that put long for Bobo Long, Long length. Long Length. Which is one of my favorite things I've ever seen. Be careful on draft draft. Be careful attacking them long In November the Lakers were 25th on defense they were eight and sixth that month. They were 2020 fifth on defense. Right. And it felt worse. Yeah. And you're, you know, you're looking at it going at probably gonna be their thing.


They're just not gonna be very good defensively. Why would that be? Well DeAngelo Russell for that month, 26 minutes a game cam reddish 21 minutes a game all connect was making threes. He's playing 26 minutes per game. You look at where they're at now in their last 10 and then if I give you the, they're number two defense in the NBA behind your Detroit Pistons who are just their own story And they're like fourth in the last 20 I think too. So it's, it's getting better. Each, every 10 game stretch is better than the last 10 game stretch. When you shoot it well and you play defense, you're gonna win a bunch of games. So the February minutes look at the breakdown. So you're replacing Angelo Russell 26 minutes a game depending on the month again I'm just using November in February.


Dorian Finney Smith's 30 minutes a game. Yeah Van do who just hacks the shit outta everybody but he's in there for 15 minutes fighting his ass off. Dalton's only playing 13 minutes a game. He's also not shooting to great in February. Then Jordan Goodwin comes in and wreaks havoc on everybody and LeBron's had the second second or kind of tied for second best defensive rating of any of the main regulars. So Right. They are, you get two a LeBron back as part of all of this. 'cause he was one way LeBron for two months. That's the point. Yeah He's been really good. The Philly thing, I don't know what the answer is and it doesn't, did you look at the Lottery odds? The thing is if they fi, if they're probably gonna be sixth and all it takes is one team to jump them, it's this incredible lottery thing because if they, if they don't keep the top six, one team jumps them and they fall back to seven and then OKC gets that pick and OKCs what gonna be like a 64 win team and probably gonna be in the finals and they're gonna get the seventh pick eighth pick in this awesome draft that I've been dabbling in a little bit.


I'm starting to get some draft opinions. We don't have to do that today but this looks like if you're in the top five in this draft, you're getting somebody that is gonna be legitimately exciting. Right? Like if you got Edgecomb with the fifth pick, it's like that guy might be awesome. He might be you know like an all NBA wing in seven years. I don't know this draft draft just seems stacked especially compared to this rookie class we just had. So anyway, the Philly thing, wow. And the Eagles won And I think the Philly fans are still riding a high but it's hard to imagine a Bleecker situation unless you're the Suns. 'cause I think that one's slightly Bleecker.


There's really only the, we gotta trade book or move and it just seems like they're adamant they're not gonna trade him. I just don't think they're gonna get a lot for Durant last year of his deal making 50 plus million. I don't know what you're getting for him year 19 in the league. Clearly not exactly the same as where he was seven years ago. I don't, what are you getting for him? Not that much. Do you wanna do some reckless speculation? Washington would be the most fun for me or San Antonio would be my reckless speculation. What do you have something better? I just wonder if there's an, if there's a playoff exit from Houston that motivates them to go, okay look we have A one-timer.


Houston Has done a really good good job here. I don't know who, who I'm picking 'em against in the playoffs. Like again, we could sit here and go through all the seating stuff but I, I feel like we'd just be changing it every couple days. I wonder if there's a Houston exit where they went, you know what, like we can't pay all these guys. We don't even have minutes for all of these guys that we've hit on. Yeah. And it does feel like, you know, you talk about the two timeline thing that it's just hard. It's really hard to thread that needle and you go, is the two timeline Brooks Van Lee with the young guys? Or is the two timeline Jalen Green and Chin Goon with a men Thompson emerging, you know?


Yeah. Is that, is there any version where Green and she goon are totally fine realizing that like Thompson might be the best player Or is there a book or trade that you just overwhelm them? I know you don't wanna trade Devin Booker, but how about this? And for Phoenix it's the only get outta jail free card They have basically Make A, did you think the and and Houston has some Phoenix picks too is the other piece of that. So I just don't think SPE is gonna be like, okay cool now we're gonna tank, we're gonna do the process for a couple years. I don't, I think that dude is wired the opposite way. Where we can get out of this. If we could just do this, my favorite story of the whole post-trade deadline was that Minnesota was trying to trade for Durant.


That was my favorite. I just wanna know how that trade's possible between Phoenix. Between Phoenix and Minnesota when they're both like well over the second apron. What is the scenario where those two tapes could have made a Kevin Durant trade? It's like, well if Minnesota had been able to shed some apron stuff, cool. Where were they doing that? Just, hey take, can you guys take Randall? Sure we'll take them. How are they shedding apron? I can't take some of the, some of the after the fact And I know where it's coming. Like Minnesota's like ah, you know they leak it to whoever. Ah, we're kicking the tires on Durant. We really try to. Yeah. Hey you can run with us. We're really trying to get him How You're not getting Kevin Durant.


Who are you trading for him? You can think stuff two for one in the Apron. I like the Luca, Milwaukee, Minnesota one. There's more, there's a reporting on the Minnesota stuff. But like a couple times that I I had heard Was like yeah They called but weren't offering Luca. Yeah and Milwaukee had no idea he was available. It's great. There's some really good ones. Let's, let's take a break and then there's a big one big topic I wanna hit with you.


This episode is brought to you by Michelob Ultra. Michelob Ultra, a superior light beer and the ultimate trophy win or lose. You're bound to enjoy the ride with a good beer in hand. Michelob ultra crisp, refreshing only 95 calories, a superior light beer. No matter the game Sporter season superior is worth playing for. Always be prepared for a win in order. Michelob Ultra today available on DoorDash. By the way, enjoy responsibly 2025 Anheuser-Busch Michelob Ultra Light Beer. St. Louis, Missouri must be 21 plus to order alcohol. Alcohol available only in select markets.


Lemme tell you about one of my favorite bets that FanDuel has right now. Player performance doubles. Check 'em out. Two leg parlays made specifically for you. They take an NBA player prop, they combine it with the bet on that push team to win. There's a bunch of 'em. Pick the one you like. So if it's like ah, I like Denver tonight, I also think Yoic is gonna have 10 rebounds. Lemme do those together. You can ride their pick or my pick 'cause I'm tweeting mine out on Tuesday. Or make your own pick FanDuel giving all customers a profit boost exclusively on Tuesdays for these bets. So head to FanDuel dot com slash bs to get your profit boost. Make every moment more with FanDuel America's number one sports book. You must be 21 plus in President select states or 18 plus in President DC Optin required bonus issued as noble profit Boost tokens of restrictions supply including any token expiration and max wager amount C terms at sportsbook. Do fan.com game problem call 1-800-GAMBLER visit rg help do com.


Alright, I hate devoting an entire segment to this but it's been bugging me And I just feel like we have to talk about it like, because it became a huge topic on Friday And I always judge this stuff by anecdotally. If people in my life are asking about it, I was like Ah fuck, we probably have to talk about it. But LeBron started this whole thing with the face of the game and how negatively everybody's covering the league. And there was a Gilbert Arenas clip on fat on first take talking about how nice everyone was was back in the day to the stars and now they're not. And I just, I feel like I'm taking crazy pills 'cause I've been here the whole time And I think I have a really good handle historically of the league and all the ebbs and flows And I even if I hated you, I would have to admit that you're right.


Thank you. I think this is the nicest era to be an NBA star that we've ever had. And it's amazing to me when, when people dwell on the negativity, there's other reasons for the negativity. But if you go backwards and you look at the seventies and the eighties and nineties and two thousands and how players were treated and discussed, it is no contest compared to right now. That's the first thing. And I have some stuff I wanna do, but gimme your initial take on that. I just have a follow up. I Why, why would you make that claim? Why would I make that claim?


Why? Why would you say 'cause I don't know if I agree with you. I need convincing on this. 'cause my whole point is no one's ever had more access to hate, which I've talked about a lot And I think a lot of these players just consistently think that they're hated all the time. I think anybody that does anything that is publicly consumed But that, but that's the point. It's not just the NBA. Everyone has more access to the alternate side of what you wanna hear in all vocations in life. It's not an NBA thing. No, I understand it's everything thing. But so to say it's just devoted to the NBA to me is like ludicrous. This is just what life is like now. Sell me on the point of those decades. Okay. Being more negative towards their stars.


Well so there, this is the problem with this argument is that if you actually go through it, everybody has gone through the exact same stuff that the guys go through now. I'm gonna do my three minute first take monologue. We have time. 1970s people hated the NBA, the games were tape delayed and people bitched about the league and we're writing crazy pieces about this league doesn't work. There's actually pieces you could read at Sports Illustrated, the league's too black. What are we gonna do? Like it could not have been more negative. I promise you Dr. J beloved star gets to Philadelphia. He's ripped for not winning a title for the first six years until Moses gets there. That's a huge narrative of the Dr.


J thing. He can't come through when it matters. Magic Johnson Westhead gets fired in 81. He's booed at home. He's devastated, destroyed, crushed it's most selfish guy. What's wrong? These are the modern athletes. He went through all that shit and he's talked about it. He's crushed after the 84 finals too. Larry Bird after the 85 and that's What the title in his back pocket. Right? He'd already would. Larry Bird had already went two in the 85 finals. There was the bar fight thing everyone was mad at in Boston. But then in the nineties season when he came back from the hill surgery took a ton of shit about being selfish. Barkley was basically driven out of Philly by the media. Hakeem almost got traded in 92 'cause it got so bad with him in Houston.


Isaiah just got the reputation as you're an asshole, you're a back staber. They left him off the dream team. Michael Jordan beloved now too selfish to win for seven years up until the 91 finals. It's like he shoots too much. All he cares about is his own points. He can't win with this guy. And then after he won twice, remember in the 93 playoffs it was so negative about the gambling stuff. He stopped talking to everybody, he stopped talking to the media and then he retired and people were like, is he retiring? 'cause it's too much pressure. Kevin Johnson took a ton of shit, couldn't stay healthy. 94 finals. Pippin didn't take the shot in the 94 playoffs and still carries it 30 years later.


David Robinson too. Nice loser. Well Didn't, he didn't come back in when it With come back in and then wore that, you know for 30 years. Dream team 94, I promise you was not popular when it happened. People were not happy with it. Shaq in the entire 1990s, people bitched about when is he gonna take basketball seriously? Why does he do all this other stuff? Why is he doing movies and music? Patrick Ewen could have win the big one. Carl Malone who took more shit than Carl Malone in the last two finals. He was in Iversson, which I think has come around and is like this beloved figure now he was not beloved in the nineties, in the early two thousands. He took a ton of shit. Christian Laettner, bust disappointment, all those late 90 guys when we head into that lockout, remember how much people, how mad people were at the league, these guys for making, making so much money.


Yeah. Oh Yeah. There wasn't Kenny Anderson can't feed his family, all that shit. There was so much like we've definitely progressed Whether you go all the way back to the strike in the NFL in the early eighties, right? And how much society, there wasn't one person going, you realize you're arguing for the owners to make more money. Right? And that's what always pisses me off is like, okay, you want to look at these players and look at their salaries and say that they're selfish and they're entitled and all this shit. But ultimately what you're saying when you hope they get paid less or lose at the collective bargaining agreement table, you're hoping these owners Big boy yeah. Make more money. And It's like I can't identify with somebody who's making that much money. That was an attitude through the nineties. I have a couple more.


Jason Kidd traded twice, took a ton of shit. Chris Weber, One of those trades, well One of those trades had to happen. But the Dallas trade, Chris Weber was an all time hot potato guy and we called him out all the time. His Washington career was incredibly disappointing. He got to Sacramento and it was like, watch cwe, he's gonna turn completely away from the basket to hear the bottle make Bibby wants no part of this. We made fun of him. Kobe, I would say was the most picked apart athlete in the two thousands. I wouldn't even say football player and that you might go Peyton Manning, but there was a lot of Kobe stuff that then when he won the two titles at the end of the decade then it, it kind of circled around the other way. But it got right and there was the trial, there was a whole bunch of stuff with Kobe.


But if you go to the oh four finals, oh 5, 0 6, 0 7, him not shooting in the second half of that sun's game and how nuts we all went after the fact. Not great. Tmac can't win. Vince quit on Toronto, he's soft kg can't win. Dirk who took more shit than Dirk from oh six to 2011, he's soft. He's a choke artist, he's a loser. Like he, he, I think he took probably other than Kobe the most Dwight Howard. I keep going. The point is, for whatever reason this has been the league. And I think it's because you have these personalities that drive teams. People feel really attached to them.


Either they're defensive and passionate about them or they're mad at them and that's just the ebb and flow in the league. I, I honestly think it's better than it's ever been with this stuff. You can find hate anywhere if you go online. It doesn't mean that people hate LeBron has like 50 million Instagram followers. Yeah, look I, I know enough about those timelines. Like I just remember, you know when Jordan scored all the points against the Celtics and then lost and you'd be playing a little league baseball tournament and every coach is sitting there in his bike shorts, you know, shitting on Jordan. You know, granted growing up in New England was the wrong. Yeah. Because All these guys are going home to worship their Larry Bird altar but Maybe should add 68.


Yeah, right. Like the collective he yeah, cool scoring bro. But the lack of respect for who Jordan was 'cause he was losing to these older, more superior battle tested, well-rounded basketball teams. Like Jordan would've had a very, like people would've destroyed him if he played now through the first seven years of his career without winning anything. Because it's like if you're the best, you know, you have that kind of attention on you. I, I felt Little bit but I feel like people destroyed them back in the day. I thought that was a, you know, that was a big narrative of his career is like, yeah he's super fun but he's bird magic won titles and he didn't like the, my point is this has been a narrative that we've heard forever and if you don't win titles and you don't come through in the NBA, you're gonna take crap.


But I also feel like that goes for the NB for the NFL. Right? It goes for baseball with somebody like Clinton Kershaw, this is what we do with sports. If You don't win the title, We didn't even do it. But here's the thing, we don't even do it with baseball anymore. So like that's because I was thinking about the face of the league stuff. Yeah, I want to get to that too. Right? Like LeBron, when you are as great as you are, unfortunately part of that deal is you're held to the standard where everything is dissected and Ant got a little taste of that because Ant was Coming up approval rating through the roof. He's so much fun. He starts talking a little shit and then they get eliminated. They get eliminated on May 30th. Right. I looked it up. And then he had the receipts commercial on May 31st.


Like they had that one ready to go where you are showing like how much this is impacting players. And I know Silver talked about this years ago where he just said, look, look we have a league where our stars, And I'm paraphrasing here so I hope I'm not too removed from the tone of what he was saying, but I think I have it. And then it was like you kind of have a bunch of guys at the top that are pretty miserable. Like a lot of players were Really miserable. He said that, that was when I did that interview with him at the Sloan conference, that's when he started talking about the unhappiness with the players and that was 2018 range. So it's been storyline for seven years. It's like why aren't our players happier? Right. So you know, ant has had probably this, this shift because the Olympics didn't go the way he thought it would go.


I mean he wasn't even out on the floor for some of that stuff. He didn't look super comfortable after talking a lot of shit. You know, again, I don't look at it and go like, oh man, now I have to reevaluate what I think about you. But Ant is very predictably going to have, if he doesn't have some kind of playoff success here in the next couple years, it's going to turn back to everything that you just said in your timeline of like, Hey, I thought this was supposed to be the guy. You hope you're one of those guys in this sport. Because I was thinking about Ant relationship, like has anybody ever talked about Dre Fox? Like Dre Fox is a really good player, makes a lot of sense, sense for the Spurs. I think it's a bit like the Donna Mitchell thing where like, yeah, it's not perfect but he's really good and if we keep waiting around on like what this magical AC acquisition will be and we might be waiting forever, but Dre Fox has never talked about that.


So there's this group outside of these, I don't know, seven to eight players we obsess about every single season. There's this group that's not even part of that. And, and again, baseball, the sport, we don't even have any of those dudes anymore right now that at least actually, Well we have Ohtani and nobody's like, oh, Tani face of the league. I don't know where that, the face of the league piece, It's more personal. Basketball's just way more personal than the other two sports are. Yeah. Don't you think that it doesn't it feel like the attachment? I mean sure we could pick a bunch of quarterbacks that are as big as stars as any NBA players And then you got helmets on during a game. I, I've said this forever, basketball's the most naked sport. Whether you're at the game or you're watching tv, you feel like you have this connection with players that's just different than the other sports.


It just is. Especially if you're going and you're watching them and you're watching during timeouts, you're watching 'em interact in fans and during free throws. And I think the social media aspect of it where they can connect to fans immediately, they can see fed feedback immediately. Obviously that's not awesome. But I think in some ways it's, it's better for them too because, you know, in the old days you could just like, whatever, like I think of back to the Peter Vesey New York post pieces of the eighties and he would just like, you know, he was just absolutely completely eviscerate people and He called Alonzo Morning the Organ Groner. Right, right. It's, it's just a little different now.


And you can mobilize people, you can mobilize all your followers against somebody. There's I the the face of the league thing. Yeah. What? That's another one. I don't think we've, I don't think I've, I've allowed you this space. Well because I Think it goes, just go For it. No, I think it goes together. I think, I think with the face of the league thing, we, we probably see it the same way. You don't talk about it, it's not like the people magazine's Sexiest Man of the Year issue where we just nominate somebody. Yeah. Is that who it was this year? You Good Problem Now you kind of take it. Right. And when you think about, like I, I've never, when I was in the eighties loving basketball, I was never like, I wonder who the face of the league is right Now. You, we didn't talk about it.


We didn't talk about it in the nineties. Bird and Magic because they won Magic won the titles, a rookie and Bird won the titles in his second year. The league just sort of shifted to them because they won. And then Bird had the three MVPs, two titles, then Magic had three MVPs in four years and he won two titles and it was just obvious those were the guys. And then Jordan beat Magic in the 91 finals. And guess what? That made him, the guy. And then Jordan went through all the nineties and then it was like Shaq and Kobe together, I guess this is their league now. And then that fell apart and in the mid two thousands we're like, ah, Duncan Spurs. Sure. Like no, it wasn't like we're like Tim Duncan's now the face of the league because one of the cases you see with this face of the league stuff is like, oh, if Tatum wins three in a row, he's now the face of the league.


I don't think it works that way. It kind of organically happens. Kobe had it at the end of the two thousands. Eventually it shifted to LeBron and then it shifted to LeBron and Curry together. And that's just kind of what happened. We can't nominate Anthony Edwards. It's not like this would happen in tennis sometimes, especially in the eighties. It'd be like Boris Becker. See the face of tennis now 'cause he won Wimbledon once. It's like, that's not how it works. You, you kind of ease into it. Nobody would picked Agassi and then it eventually became, oh, it's Agassi and Samra. What about V? Did he have the belt? He had the belt there for a little bit. I he It never took, it kept falling off him. Huh? But the point with the face of the league now is like, yeah it's still Stephan Curry and then somebody's gonna have to win a couple titles and take it from him.


But if Wendy comes in and wins two straight titles and he is the best player in the league, he's the face of the league. I just don't know what that means. Priscilla, what does the face of the league mean? Just you get the attention. I think we know what, without defining it. You think Steph's the face of the league over LeBron? I think the two of them together are really in the last 10 years. I do. I think it's the two of them together. I don't know man. I mean it's, you could point to those individuals like why do pick one? It's really a talking point. Okay. And I think what happens is, is there's this cycle of like ant going, I don't necessarily want it because then it's like, what are you supposed to do? Are you supposed to say, But what does he want?


So is he, he's not gonna like try to win the finals. Like if he wins the title and he's the best player in the league, guess what you get whatever this amorphous made up face of the league thing is 'cause you become the guy. Like to me it's like, Don't you also have to be the best player though? Because even if Tatum, I mean that's a lot of work to do by the way, for Tatum. Just, hey, let's add two more titles to this. As great as he is, he wasn't very good today, which I know we'll get to later, but I don't know that he would ever be the face of the league. 'cause I've never thought of him as the best player in the league. At least with Step. There were seasons where I thought he played better than LeBron. I never thought he was actually a better basketball player than LeBron. So to be face of the league, you also have to be at some point, because I know you've done this in the past with your belt hole.


I, it's just a really good way to look at the league. Like who has the belt? Who had the belt? Then how many belt transfers are we talking about? Yoko just had the belt for a really long stretch, which is really hard to do. But, but there's a popularity piece that Yoko just doesn't have. He's just not gonna have, That's be his player. That's it's Curry and LeBron are the meal tickets to the league. They're the guys who are gonna be in the Saturday eight 30 game the most, they're the guys who are gonna sell the most jerseys have the most interest and if they're on a good team, people are gonna care the most. And it's those two. What did you think of LeBron's quote? Because then it turned which one? It basically was like I didn't ask for it and then it pivoted into everybody that covers the league. Just shits on it essentially that we're all too negative.


I mean, I, I would just have an opinion on his opinion. I don't think it's true though because I think when, when you hit the point where you're kind of the guy in the league or one of the two guys, there's a lot of great stuff that comes with that. You know, you make the most money, you make the most money off the court. You probably have the best chance to win. You can convince the most people to come play with you on like a, you know, on a, on a buyout contract, you can put the most pressure on your owners to do whatever you want them to do. You can make them trade everything they have for Anthony Davis. Like there's real benefits to it. I I, I, I don't think it's like this heavy burden. I think for Ant it's more a scrutiny thing that he is probably talking about.


Like, Hey, if you hit this level, you're gonna be picked apart in a way that's just a little different. But that's, I mean that could be anybody, right? That could be Timothy Shala me right now. That could be whoever is like, whoever you think is the biggest hip hop star right now. It doesn't just kind of comes to the territory. If you're the best at anything you do, I don't, I don't know why that would be a burden. There's, there's good and bad to everything. But I Do wonder though, this is opinion the negativity thing. Yeah. Like I'll have pods where I'll think, are you harping on the same stuff? Yes. Again, if we're doing a basketball pod and like whatever the headline was that week, like you're gonna stay topical, you're gonna play the hits, but there'll be certain players.


I'm like, there's just nothing else for you to say anymore. Like it's established how you feel. There's nothing new. You're not gonna change your Mind. Like the suns are, sun cost is a topic for us. There's nothing else we could say about the Suns this year at this point. Right? Like I've liked the rant for such a long time but this past year plus and not to bring up the hockey tweet like a third time, but you're just like, how could you possibly think that? That's a good point. How could you think that just basically telling everybody fuck off when it's like man you are the one. And I I that's also like part of it too. It's like this league is so different with how powerful the players are that you know, did you think you were gonna get no criticism signing contracts and then asking out before an extension.


It either kicked in Right. Or how you treated All Star Weekend, which was, you know, the first time the football season ends, the first time basketball's really in the limelight for real is all Star weekend. And that everybody treats it like shit. And it's like we're supposed to say thanks. Like what's our, what's our role? Everyone went to all, I've talked to a bunch of people at Alstar weekend and they were all like, it was fucking miserable. It sucked. It was awful. And the, the timing, no blood on your hands for all the good players. Like nothing. You don't care. Yeah. It's like okay the window is finally shifted like you are outside of the football shadow so like own this week.


And it's like, nope. Right. Not only are we not gonna own the week, we're going to embarrass the league again. And I don't care about that week. I haven't cared about it for years. I think I've watched the game once in the last 15. This is not new that the players don't necessarily care but they're not making the most of our opportunities. I think all of us are more negative than we are positive. Okay. I think that, but That's just life. I think everybody, I don't think that's a basketball situation. I think that's What part is it like that? I'm just saying like the internet breeds that if you go to Are you Like that to your family? No, I'm saying you go and the Twitter applies. You go on a Reddit. I remember I was, I was at, i I went to Goldberg's class in Austin and they did all these studies on different things about how to fall basketball and one of the, one of the things was about NBA Reddit, just the percentages of positive tweets versus negative tweets or not posts, negative posts, comments versus positive about the league.


And if I just told you they did that, what would your response be? What would you think it would be? It would probably like the split. What, what would the ratio be for you? Just guessing. I think it's gonna be low. I mean the way you're leading this, I have to pick a massive split on it. So I'll say 80% negative. No, it wasn't that, it wasn't that bad. I I, I prejudice you by with my lead in but it was like 35, 65 or 30 70, something like that. But just people are more prone when they're on any sort of forum like that to be negative than positive. That's just, you just have to know that going in. I would argue that people at the games are way nicer. Way nicer. It's not even close. I would love for people to go in a time machine and go to like the fleet center in 1996.


Just get a feel for what those two hours were like with like an angry, you know, fan base that didn't like the product and just would had the freedom to just yell at everybody. Like it's to now I look now I I I think it's actually like a pretty nice experience. Like there would be stories about, oh there was a Hecker who yelled at somebody. They kicked him out. It's like fucking a, like there was 30 of those. I remember going to a Golden State Sacramento game when I was visiting my buddies in San Francisco in like 98. And I had no idea that the Golden State fans hated Chris Weber so much. So it was 99, it was that first season and they were just booing him, yelling him. It was like a two and a half hour Chris Weber roast in the stands.


Anything he did, they were going nuts like that. Those days are over. We don't see Durant and OKC. That comeback game was probably the last time anything like that happened, right? Yeah. Getting A fan removed and then it becomes, because the player has the power to have that happen now. Yeah. And it'll become kinda like a topic and then, you know, if it's a really slow day, you know, you, you'll discuss like what what does this mean? Yeah. And I think there's some players that actually like look for it a little bit more than other players and you realize like this thing that is definitely an improvement to the experience for the player. A massive, because you're completely right about that. Like going to some of these crowds, going to baseball stadiums, going back to Foxborough in the day.


I mean just you wouldn't even wanna bring a kid. Well baseball, everyone's on their phone so that's the probably the safest place you can be an athlete. Yeah. But aren't even looking up unless a foul ball's coming at them, which can't happen. 'cause there's a net. The bleachers used to be about how drunk were you gonna get and how many fights were there gonna be And how many and what could you yell at the other players and stay and stay in the park, Right? So then when a player has a fan removed, then it becomes kind of this think piece of like the dynamic of respect and all these different things like what can you have happen? You're like yeah but no one was ever removed in the past. So it actually happened at a much greater rate. We justed We're not defending the past, it's just the way it was.


I just think every year is a little bit different. I listen if if players feel a certain way, I'm certainly gonna tell them not to feel that way. I do think a big piece of this is self-inflicted though by the league. The schedule's too long. If we, if we had a 70 game season or a 60 game season, I don't have to watch these extra 20 games of the Suns. Right. There's more urgency for the games. The the load management stuff, which we've talked about ad nauseum that made it hard for players for fans to connect with the, with the league and players. Right? The players Like way too much shit for that though, you know? But, But I think it made it hard. It was something that got brought up And I do think it mattered to fans that they bought a ticket and the guy wasn't there. That's a real thing.


Absolutely. I'm, I'm not saying like that's gonna be the worst experience, especially you don't have the budget to go to more than one game a year and then you bring your kid and he's all fired up. He's got the jersey on and they're not playing. I think there were certain teams like I really think what the Spurs did in a very Belichick way to just be like, hey you know what TNT Thursday night. Yeah, fuck yeah. And remember, remember the A, BC game, how bad it got there for a while where you were like, are you guys seriously like giving the league and your television partner this much of a fuck? You just, hey we're just gonna sit everybody. Yeah. And I understand like what the science, and by the way the science has proven very little because it's not like we go into the playoffs. Like every playoff story is littered with like two or three major injuries.


So I'm not sure, I'm not expecting that everybody's just gonna be healthy all the time. But I don't know if that's had the positive impact that everybody thought it would be when they wrote about it for nonstop for years, wrote about it nonstop four years. But that, that's part of it. I don't know man. I, I guess sometimes I wonder, you know, clearly with this pod we've got a large audience. Sometimes I feel like I am too negative and instead of like having LeBron give this quote or some of it like look with his quotes, I don't love all of them all right? But he's been giving us quotes over two plus decades. So which public figure would I ever be like, you know what, everything he said for 20 plus years, I've liked everything he said that that person doesn't exist.


Yeah. It's impossible to have the shaima approval rating after the two decade plus run for LeBron. But when I started thinking about like just negativity, him saying everyone is too negative. Well no, that's not the case. But then I'll, I'll know like of all the games that I watch, especially when it's on like the national broadcast and like Bronny comes into a game and then the broadcasters start talking about like how hard he works. You like, dude, he's got an NBA uniform on and he is not good and he shouldn't be out there and this whole thing's kind of a joke, so let's evaluate it that way. But right there, there will be no, like that won't happen.


So it actually strengthens your point whenever those broadcast, like that's when I feel like, am I being negative or am I being like just a, a basketball fan that's frustrated with the way that the national broadcast is discussing a game or discussing certain players when you just go, hey this person, and again, maybe I shouldn't even use bro, but that was just one that jumped out. I was like, you guys are gonna do four minutes on like the positives here Or, or like Philly before the start of the season when there was pieces about here's their plan to win a championship and it was like, hey, part of the plan is Senate beat's not gonna play back to back anymore, but here's what they're trying to do. They're trying to be healthy and beat's not gonna play back to anymore. And his name might be fucked up.


I don't know. It just, I like are Supposed to be positive, positive about mb are we supposed to be positive Or the Philly situation or, or all of it. I, I just feel like for us, like one of the reasons I think we connected and became friends and we liked doing the pod together is we really love basketball. Like all, both of us will be watching these random games on stupid nights and we really give a shit about it. And you can't just talk about all the stuff you like, like, like you gotta have a little balance both ways. But I think, I think we celebrate the game as much. We criticize it. There's other shows and and personalities that I think kind of in the, I, this gets me attention if I do this.


I don't feel like we do that. Like I always feel like we're having a conversation about things we like and don't like about the league. Like I love watching Detroit right now. I could do 10 minutes on Ron Holland right now. I fucking love Ron Holland. Ron Holland's, I haven't even watched, I probably watch 15% of the Pistons games or pieces 20%. Ron Holland seems like he's ready to get into it with everybody on every team. He is like 19 years old. I really like watching them. I appreciate the pistons. I'm excited to watch them play the Knicks in round one. I think if you lose that side of things it, it becomes harder for me to take your criticisms seriously. You still have to fundamentally like what you're watching.


I don't feel like some people out there do I just like calling out the bullshit because I think there's a lot of it, whether it's another media member's quote 'cause then there's some guys that are just only positive And I think, are you just this much of an ass kisser? Like what do you think you're gonna hang out with these guys? You know, is he gonna gonna be able to like the next time they have a they rent a boat, they're gonna invite you. Like what fuck are you doing? Right? And so I know I'd never be that guy but you know, kind of to your point about like Philly or even the Durant part, like I think I've, I mean shit I didn't even really get on his case during the Golden State thing 'cause I thought he wanted to get away from Westbrook and he wanted to play perfect basketball.


Yeah. And he wanted to, he wanted to like, you know, back to the joy topic, he wanted to experience like absolute pure basketball joy. But when you have a four year extension and you want Marks and Nash and everybody fired before it even kicks in and then you come back and play and then you ask out and now you've put together a season, I would say more so this year than last year. But you, I mean they got killed against Min Minnesota. Like that's when the Suns died. And I was dumb enough to think that they weren't dead yet. Yeah. And they were already dead but they just had another season and this season. So like what does Duran expect? Did he expect that people are gonna be like, man he's still getting you like 29 30 every single night.


Because if you look at the little stuff in between, that doesn't always show it. This is not a locked in group. This is a group that seems to be really down on each other. I thought the coach Bud stuff admitting that he had told Booker to tone it down. Like I, I just wondered. I was like, man, I wonder if that'll be so I Thought he was gonna get fired this weekend. I really did. I thought that was gonna be like a Don Nelson Nick thing. All right, let's take a quick break 'cause I wanna keep talking about this.


This episode is brought to you by Whole Foods Market. If you're thinking about wellness right now, I've got some top picks for your 2025 plan. Keep your eye out for the yellow low price signs at Whole Foods Market. You can pick up responsibly farmed Atlantic salmon or no antibiotics ever favorites like boneless, skinless chicken breasts or ground beef for less than you think They even have their own in-house brand 365 by Whole Foods Market with good stuff like almond milk, organic frozen fruit blends and a whole rainbow of organic produce. Shop Whole Foods Market in store online and on Amazon for free pickup and convenient delivery terms. Apply save on your wellness routine with great everyday prices at Whole Foods Market.


This episode is brought to you by State Farm. State Farm helps you score an affordable price when you choose to bundle home and auto insurance with the personal price plan. Bundling home and auto. That's a pro move. Just another way you can save on your insurance needs. Talk to a State Farm agent today, State Farm to learn how you can bundle and save with the personal price plan Like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Prices are based on rating plans that vary by state coverage. Options are selected by the customer availability. Amount of discounts and savings and eligibility vary by state.


So one last thing on people are too critical. It seems like the rise of the X Player podcasts and voices has contributed to this whole when everybody's like we're co we spent too much time comparing the past to the present. And I think the social media piece of that too, where you see all these videos and these breakdowns of this guy against this guy. I just really hope that people realize, And I like some of the ex-player stuff, how unreliable they are as narrator narrators. These are people that were playing the entire time. They might have opinions based on who they're against.


It's not like they spent a ton of time thinking about different eras of the league and stars and comparing. So, and you'll just see stuff on the, on these shows or pods or on your, on your social feed where you're like, what are we doing? Like, like I just feel like the discourse big picture about basketball as it relates to errors in the past is like the worst it's ever been. And I don't think that's helping with some of this stuff. So you really disagreed with Irina's Point. I think that's fair to say. I, that was just one example where I'm just like there there just go back like go go read some of the books. Go read Phil Jackson's book about Kobe in 2005.


Like you, we just can't, you can't just pretend stuff didn't happen. You Know, it's just the rate man. It's the rate of it And I do not understand. Like I couldn't believe the first time a coach told me, he's like, yeah all the players come in and check their mentions at halftime. Like you didn't know that, right? And I'm thinking like, what a ridiculous, but then I thought, okay well every single ESPN host as soon as you go to break does the exact same thing that I, that always, I could never believe that what a terrible thing to do during a, during a break at a show, right? Because then happens I Gonna go Matter, what happens happens. Maybe somebody will say I look ugly. Hey I'm guilty of it. I used to do it and then I stopped because I realized you were coming back from break. Like talking to one person talking Instead of you're arguing with motorcycle 69.


Every Single guy did it. Every one of us. And it made all of us worst hosts because you know, you're, you were distracted, you were talking to this one person, you were focusing on the one negative because nobody was gonna be like, Hey you know what? Really good job making a point and a really solid conclusion. No notes can't pick holes. 'cause I mean everybody's favorite hobby now. Like even if I do a monologue on something for 10, 15 minutes, usually 15 means it's too long. Was like, oh did you think about this? Like, well I could have done 30 minutes. You left out, yeah you left out this Thing, right? Yeah. Like that is everyone's favorite hobby right now, at least for what we do is that well here's the point that you didn't make and then a lot of times it'll be so obvious it's like well I didn't even point that out because I don't even know why anyone would even bring it up.


And what we do isn't even fucking cool. So when I think about players basically doing the exact same thing, elected officials do the exact same thing. I remember I got into it with Van Pel, I was like why are you arguing with somebody right now? You're broadcasting the fucking masters. You were broadcasting the ma, you're on like the seventh hole. And you know he, I realized like kind of no one can help themselves to different degrees. And what I like about our age group is that we know what it was like before this and we certainly are in it deep now for years and years. So we've experienced both of it. Imagine being a 20 something basketball player. So like you are always going to be more impacted by the negativity, the access to it, the rate of it.


I think it's just fucks a lot of guys up. So it's hard to tell players you are wrong about the negativity when it's all they've ever experienced. They're not gonna do what you did 'cause they weren't around when you did it. They're not gonna go back and read Sports Illustrated articles from the seventies and go, you know what? I have greater perspective on this. I don't have it too bad right now. Yeah. So I don't think anything LeBron said was necessarily wrong. I was talking about the Explayers. Yeah. Yeah. The ex-player thing. Although some good content lately. Did you see the Vernon Maxwell on All the Smoke talking about when Hakeem slapped him? That was one of the best three minutes I've spent all year. That was so good. That clip was so good with those guys because Max respects them.


Yeah look that was amazing. The Wild Card and Steven Jackson I think people would say is a real one. Yeah. So that was, I, I'm totally with you. I mean look, if you wanna talk ex-players, I don't know if I trust anybody more than Jeff Teague right now. Jeff Teague's been great. Every like Jeff Tee breakout is like incredible. I love Barnes and Captain Jack. 'cause I think when they talk about basketball and the history and how it relates now, like I actually believe in their opinions on it. I, I've had them on the pod and we were arguing about Kobe versus Duncan who was the guy in the two thousands. Both had Kobe who the one that and they no they both were Kobe. Yeah, that's what I'm saying. Yeah. Yeah. But they made compelling cases for it and it's like that's what's fun about basketball is arguing about different things.


I have never, the first time I ever remember even thinking about who the face of the league was was when MJ was retiring and we were kind of like what do we do now? And then it was like, is it grand? It went on For years. It went on for Years. It Iverson it but it was more like there was such a void. NFL has never really had to deal with it because they always have two or three quarterbacks who are just there ready to roll, right. Like that, like Brady and Manning had it forever. And then Aaron Rogers was just right there and then he moves in and then all of a sudden Mahome showed up and he's there and Joe Burrow and they've, they always have two or three dudes, Josh Allens in there now. Lamar maybe a couple other guys will pop in over the next couple years.


But they always have the four to five, the NBA there will be stretches. We felt it in the mid two thousands. It was like, what do we do? Kobe's on shitty teams. We thought it was gonna be him Shaq's getting old Dunkin's not clicking with people, you know, is it Dwayne Wade? Oh Dwayne Wade. Oh six finals maybe it's Dwayne Wade. And it was just a lot of that for basically all the way through until we ended up with LeBron and Kobe as kind of the the guys. But I, I just think it's way more organic than us deciding Ant can be the face of the league if he kicks everybody's ass and wins the title and is clearly the best guy in the league. That's how it happens. There's no other scenario.


Right. And then he's selling shoes and people talk about him and people like my mom know who he is that those are all the checkpoints you have to hit. Yeah. It doesn't happen without the win. We don't decide. It doesn't. No. And there was that push to try to figure out who the post Jordan Guy was and that void did go on forever and it was the Kobe Allstar game where it just was gonna be too early for Kobe to take that on. Yeah. After some of these other misses and Iversson didn't have the playoff success other than the finals run. But that team just wasn't good enough for this to be like, oh this is phase one of this sustainable thing with the Sixers. It was kind of just this remarkable defensive run with an offense built around one guy just hopefully going crazy enough to get you some playoff wins.


So I think the lesson in that is that that face never, like that face storyline never developed like that person did not present themselves and whatever that void was, it didn't mean the league was just gonna swallow itself up and cease to exist. And I mean we can get into some of the rating stuff, the popularity, whatever, which I, but there, there's one piece though which different, go ahead. There's a personality piece that I feel like you know it when you see it that's probably not gonna work as like the lead guy. And I think Grant Hill was a good example. Grant Hill was awesome but I never felt like he was, there was like a sense of like almost like danger missing with him. Right? And then Duncan was the same thing. Duncan was the best guy. I still have Duncan like sixth or seventh all I think I have him seventh all time And I still think he was the best guy of the two thousands.


And yet there was never a moment where people were like, Duncan, like they, they ignored a lot of the stuff that he did. They focused on the wrong things and he just didn't care. Right. And I think Tatum is a little bit like that now where Tatum's never gonna be the best guy in the league, I don't think. But he could be the most successful guy of this decade, right? He could be the guy when we leave the 2020s. The guy that was the best guy in the most title teams. But he doesn't have that sense of that that whiff of something. That same thing with Duncan and Grant Hill where it's just like you, you have to pull in everybody. And there's something about Tatum that seems like it doesn't click with people.


I don't know what it's, I thought during the broadcast today that was really interesting 'cause it then turned into like another face of the league conversation and Doris was talking about like Tatum and essentially saying, you know, if if you are that person then you shouldn't even have to address it. And I love that Breen was like, okay. But yeah, he was asked about it. Yeah. While there was also a game where there was an ad that started with Tatum in a press conference in the commercial where the reporter, again, it's an actress going, you're on top of the basketball world right now. And you're like, okay, he's got the title and he's the best player on a title team. And I think you're rounding up a bit on like what's possible for him because I know we're gonna get to Cleveland and, and all this other stuff.


But I liked that green was like, okay, but of all the superstars, like this guy is incredibly polite and he also plays like every single game. So yeah, I think there's a personality thing and plays. Yeah, there's a personality disconnect. Like Iversson was the coolest thing ever. All right. Yeah. It Was the coolest but was really polarizing when he was playing. I think people like you And I were probably in the minority of like, I fucking love Iversson. I love how hard he plays. But there was other people that you know, were like, eh. Yeah. But he kind Practice. He lost me a bit there towards the end of the Philly stuff. 'cause it's just I Mid s on were not awesome.


Yeah, there's, there's an approach to like, if you're setting the tone as the best player on a team and then you're taking off and doing your own thing all the time and just can't be bothered, like I don't know how that's good for the team And I don't know how that's good for yourself. So once we had access to a little bit more of that stuff, I think that's also something else too is like guys used to be able to hide. Guys would be able to hide. We didn't know what was going on with 'em. We know what's going on with these guys literally every single fucking minute. Yeah, that's true. So the relationship is so much more intimate and when it is that more intimate then you're much more likely to find things that you don't like about some of these dudes. But as far as like, But is that everything though? It's not just the NBA. Yeah, of course. It's, I feel like that every aspect of life is like that.


Now Think about how many people I impress you in the first five minutes and then ultimately let you down. Like if you think about your professional career, the number of people that once you had more exposure to 'em, I mean I know that's the case for me, so I don't wanna speak for you. But then you were like, ah man, I had high hopes for this person. Right? That's why now seriously, if somebody nails it with me in the first five to 10 minutes, I'm more worried You're suspicious. Yeah. I'm like, you were so good in the first five to 10 minutes. I thought, now I'm like, what's wrong with this person? Well the the cult concept of celebrity and how fast people can get it and then how fast they can lose it. I feel like that process has definitely been sped up.


I see it with like my daughter when I'm always, I'm always asking her like, what are you, what are you watching? Who do you care about? What's your favorite podcast? What's your favorite video podcast? And it always seems to change. What is Your favorite podcast? Every, I think it was the canceled podcast, but I think now they had some shit. What, what what's interesting is it's like the same cycle over and over again where she, she really likes somebody and then be like, why didn't you listen to that podcast anymore? Oh, they had a meltdown. Oh, one of the co-hosts got canceled. Oh. They ended up turning on each other and it's just like the internet, just like hyper, hyper chargers. All of these kind of rises and falls with all these different social media characters. It's hard, hard to keep up with basketball.


You have the same rise and fall stuff, but the guys are making $50 million a year and it's like Kevin Durant on the top of the world in 2018. And then he is down and then he is up and then he is down, then he goes to Phoenix. It's gonna be great. Now he is down. Oh my god, they're trading him now. He is gonna, maybe he gets traded as San Antonio in July. It's like, oh, Kevin Duran can teach win Bama how to win. And it's just like a fucking rollercoaster. And maybe that's what LeBron was talking about, that the, the scrutiny and the rollercoaster ride of all this is really hard. And if you're the face, I'm sure it's a bigger rollercoaster. I can't imagine though not wanting to be the face. How could you be a pro athlete? Well that's where it gets, that's where it's hard to take it seriously where it's like, so you didn't want this the whole time when you're doing Nike ads in 2003 and you did a special to change teams and so you, you didn't want, you weren't excited for this.


I was not surprised by that part of the quote, but whatever. I just like, Oh my God, I like that He's candid though. He de he definitely, he has so such a big platform now when he talks about stuff candidly it really does have reactions that last two to three days. Sometimes he does make people think, I think that you know, the mind, the game pod about some of the dialogue about that. About we had to do this pod to save basketball discourse. I take stuff like that probably a little bit personally 'cause it's, he's basically, I don't know, we spent like going back to Graylin and The Ringer, we've, we've tried to elevate discussion on pods and writing and all this stuff and I think a lot of people have. So when somebody's saying nothing's elevated, you're kind of like, well, I mean we're trying, you know, I know that I care a lot about what we talk about on this, what I've talked about on my pods in the shows in the past.


I mean I really, I mean I really cared about putting a lot of thought into what my opinions were gonna be. And yet I always knew like, oh you don't, like do you know what the help rules are? Do you know what all the terminology is? Second April? Yeah, well no, that kind of stuff. I used to really then I realized, I was like, you're spending way too much time on this. Like I would, I would study the CBA pretty religiously 'cause I wanted to have it like down And I used to have it down and now I'm like, I think I'll be okay. Remember We did that one podcast right after they changed the CBA and both of us were so freaked out and we were doing, it was like we were like trying to take a boat and cross the Pacific Ocean.


We were like, I, and but then there's this other, we were like so nervous we didn't understand it. Yeah, because I, I felt like, You know, there's always the like unintended consequences thing that is just hard to factor in. I was thinking about this the other day, like the timeout before three minutes to go where you lose the timeout. 'cause it was like, hey, here's silver and the competition committee, I don't even know if that's what they call it. It's what the NFL does. But they decided yeah, there's too many timeouts at the end of games. Like let's take a timeout away from 'em. Okay, what's happen, everybody just calls it now. So you could come out of commercial break one possession that the other team looks up and goes, oh, we're gonna lose this time out anyway. Yeah. So let's make sure we take it now and so we're not getting any time back.


Because the unintended consequence was that you ended up with coaches going, I'll take it before I lose it. So now my solution be just give them one less time out and then you'll be fine. And back to the original plan anyway. The reason I use that as an example is that whenever you're on the fly trying to read a CBA in the highlights from the whole thing, like we were kind of going, this feels like a hard cap. And I was almost scared a little bit to go, is it a hard cap? Like, is is this going to be a hard cap? But yeah, back to the original thing, like look man, I, I do put a lot of thought into this. I always wondered, I could get to an age where I'd be like, you think at this age you'll just go like, ah, fuck it.


Yeah. Like I watched, I watched the fourth quarter, like I'm good. I haven't read anything. Like I'm good. There's definitely ways to cheat. Yeah. Right. And then I think about the guys that played And I think about the coaches and a lot of the people that work in our industry, you know, whether it's, you know, it's, it's not a perfect parallel to it, but there's so many players that I'll listen to and go, okay wait, you have a problem with me? And I didn't play. Like, have you heard your shit? Have you heard how dumb all your arguments. I mean there's one person in particular that I'm thinking of right now. Like if I really wanted to do a 10 minute monologue destroying this person's stakes and how fucked they are And I don't know what the motives are behind 'em, but like I could, but I really don't want to get in a fight with anybody about that kind of stuff.


But that's, it almost brings me back it's, it's like being a screenwriter where you get really discouraged and then you're like, holy shit, they greenlit that. Let's open up the laptop. Yeah. So I don't know. I don't know if we have the answer. I'm just, my point is I think the NBA has always had a more than a twinge of negativity to it. And I think it has to do with the personalities and the experience of going to games and having those guys right in front of you and the fact that there's a connection that's just different. Baseball used to have it. I think the net has really hurt. I know why they have it. I get all the reasons. But the net is, is is just tough.


You think the net has ruined baseball? I don't say it's ruined baseball. I think it's tough. I think it's tough. Wow. I didn't even notice it. Really? Yeah. Oh man. Think about it. I used to love the energy of like, this might be the pitch where a foul ball comes over here or Just oh you like being on your toes. Oh loved it. Nobody's on their toes anymore In baseball, Middle linebacker people Had no idea. People are just crossing the highway, not worries about getting hit by a car. And when they go to a baseball game Now you just be on your phone for 20 minutes. You feel the energy around it. It's definitely different. Let's take one more break and then we gotta talk about the Celtics weekend.


This episode is brought to you by vrbo, private Vacation Rentals with vrbo you always get the whole house so you and your fellow fans can cheer on your team in peace. What's worse than watching a game with somebody who's not rooting for the same team? You're rooting for nothing. But that's why if you book a vacation house with vrbo, you know all the people in your house, they'll be friends, they'll be family. Ideally they'll be the ones who also root for my teams. Plan a winning vacation, make it a vrbo.


This episode is brought to you by a Redfin. I love looking at real estate. You could be in the market to buy or rent, whatever it is. You might just like scrolling around seeing what's out there. You might like checking out neighborhoods. Then go into Google Earth and then checking out the overhead thing in the neighborhood. I don't know, whatever floats your boat, you might like looking at big mansions on the water in Massachusetts. I can either confirm or duh, I've never done that. Whatever reason you're looking at, I recommend the Redfin app. Redfin, it's gotten better every single year. It makes it fun to search all the homes for sale apartments, for rent in your neighborhood. Filter for price, beds, bath square footage, so much more. And if you find a place you love, Redfin makes it really easy to go see it in person. Schedule a tour right now from the app. Plus if you're looking to sell Redfin agents know how to get you the best price possible for your home. That's because they close twice as many deals as other agents. And with the listing fee as low as 1%, Redfin's fees are half of what others often charge, which means you'll have more money to put toward your next home. So whether you're looking to buy, rent or sell Redfin's got you covered. Download the Redfin app to get started.


So I'm gonna give you biggest red flags for every contender. Just quickly you tell me if you agree I didn't prep you for this Cleveland lack of playoff experience. I would go, which just jumps to your head immediately. Which Are, that's the only thing. That's the only thing. I love them. I absolutely love them. Okay. Say 'cause I wanna come back. Right? Boston, hunger Health and Mileage would be my three. Just the mileage on the guys from the Hunter game season last year. The fact that they won last year. A team like Cleveland's just gonna be a whiff hungrier and the health of Pingus and Drew, I think would be the three things that worried me. Yeah, the only thing I would say, and it's not fair and it's probably 'cause I watch 'em too much too, but I think they get almost too hunt happy.


Yeah. Where Everything's happening 40 feet from the basket. Oh we got this, You know, I get it. Expose the weakness, find the bad matchup. You have these two incredible on ball wings. You have a third guy in Derek White, you can do some of that stuff too. I mean they are, when it is clicking on offense, I mean the offensive numbers are outrageous. They're terrific. So who am I to sit here and hard to complain, criticize any of this stuff. I criticized some of it last year, it did not matter. But they can get so hunt happy that I wonder in the way basketball is connected, that if other players just watching somebody hunt the entire time, at least they take turns with it. Some teams will just have their main ball handler hunt the entire time. And it's, it's a minor thing that I notice, but I'm probably too critical of it because there's no offensive number that tells you, oh yeah, like uhoh, I like the term hunt Happy.


Congratulations on that. Here's, here's, I agree with you by the way. I wish they would just run plays every once in a while to mix it up. Like just every once in a while just put Tatum at the foul line and give 'em a, like a Dirk de witsky post up. Just so it's not the same thing over and over again. Where we're just hunting guys, hunting guys, hunting guys. 'cause I do think the defenses can get in the rhythm of knowing it's coming and figuring out tricks. So Denver, and we'll talk about that game in a second, but they just have no room for error at all. If they're not making threes, it gets tough. If anyone if Gordon's out or Murray's hurt or even Brown's hurt, it gets super tough for them.


If Westbrook just sucks, it's almost like they can't, they can't fight it and it's just, I think they could win three straight rounds. I think they could go four and three in three straight playoffs series or four and two. But it's not gonna be a team that's like ripping through the playoffs. There's just too many ways that it seems like it go wrong. Game to game would be my red flag. They have lineups that they run out there where, and maybe it's a regular season thing, look, know Aaron Gordon today who's their best defensive player and has been shooting it well from three, but he's still somebody that I think teams are going to test.


But you know, so it's not entirely fair 'cause Gordon's missed a couple games here, but they had a lineup where it was Michael Porter Jr. Surrounded by Westbrook Brown who was great today. But I mean, what was his shot total? Like if you go into a game, Is he, he like 22, He took 22 shots. So if you're sitting there prepping out what you wanna do against Denver, you're like, hey, if Christian Brown takes 22 shots, it's probably a win for us today. Right. So it's Michael Porter Jr. Who I think is, you know, if you dig into his advanced stuff, he's not the same guy that he was the first couple years on the scene. Even though defensively he was such a disaster then that Malone didn't really even trust him. I wouldn't say he's a plus, but I think he's a total coin toss guy. If he had 21 or he had three, I wouldn't be surprised. I also think he plays a little soft.


But back to this lineup. So it's Porter Junior, Westbrook Brown, Deandre, Jordan and Strather. And when you're looking at some of the three point shooting against these guys, like Westbrook's gonna be open and when he hit his first three, I thought that was a bad sign for Denver with this stuff. You can also see Westbrook decide he's not comfortable shooting. You can also see Westbrook, you know, it's great that he's probably understood his role better here than a lot of the other places as he is tried to be, become a role player. Like I'd say what this is, stop three as a role player. 'cause Washington, he still was clearly the guy, you'll see him be in a hurry to force it back to Yoic, which is showing him being deferential the way that we weren't used to with so many of the prime Westbrook years. But I think it can also mess them up a little bit.


So whether it was the Lakers matchup or the Boston matchup today again without Gordon isn't entirely fair. I have, I know you weren't expecting this long, so I'm not gonna go this long on the other ones, but I've talked about it being four teams because of the respect for Joch and Denver was fourth in the FanDuel title. Odds. Yeah, it's, it's those three in Denver's in like a, a sliver tier by themselves. 'cause I just don't think they're as good as Oklahoma C, Oklahoma City, Cleveland or Boston. And I don't see how they are going to be as good as those three teams. I have them fourth as well, but I also feel the Yoic piece when we get to a playoff where they just are playing the same team for two straight weeks, I think that's good for them.


Did you see the Spacing Stuff man? I know. Well the thing that's alarming, the open threes today, how many just wide open threes they took compared to, did they even shoot 40%? They Were two for 11 on their first 11 wide open threes. Okay. Yeah, that's What, that's what would scare me if on them on The game they got it back to 34%. But they're, they're last in the NBA in points from the three. So their percentage of points. Yeah, however many they score a game, they have the last or the lowest total of points via the three pointer of anyone. And so then they come to a game like today, like that was gonna be really weird if Boston had blown this because right approach wise, Hey, here's the plan, here's what we want to have happen.


It's exactly what you would hope to do to Denver. Like, yeah, great, you're Facing and if I'm Denver, I feel great. It was a one possession game. I didn't have Gordon, who's my third most important guy. And I still, if I'm Denver And I know I can be in crunch time in the playoffs with Yage and Porter and Gordon and Murray and Brown, I still feel really good about where I'm at. If I could just get into the fourth quarters with those five guys, not get crushed on those yage minutes. But you know, even like somebody like Tori Craig feels like they could have, could have helped them. I kind of like the Celtics sneaking out, the Tory Craig move. I just, Denver doesn't have enough guys. I trust OKC, red flag, just the second score.


Lack of experience thing. Just ultimately if they're down four on the road in a really big playoff game and a a team is just swarming shaa and double teaming him. Like who's stepping up? I just wanna see it. I'm, I'm not, I'm not down on it, but we just haven't seen it. It's very similar to the Celtics last year. Just wanna see what happens with that. It'll be interesting if Shea gets his points. Jalen Williams gets his points Chet, as you'd expect taking a little time. I thought he was so great in that Brooklyn game when they gave up, what, 76 points to the nets of all teams. Yeah. With this kind of defense, this historic differential defense based on the league averages. But it might just be, does Isaiah, Joe Dort, Caruso, Aaron Wiggins.


I mean he's, I've joked about him being one of my favorite players. But as far as like a role guy and stepping up and then what he did in February. I mean, every time I watch a thunder game I'm always like, man, do a Favorite bench guys right now wanna do a team because my favorite bench guy is Ty Jerome. Just hands down Ty Jerome comes in and the score changes immediately. He does nine. Thanks. I love Ty Jerome. I think he's gonna, I I genuinely think he's gonna make like $60 million this summer. I'm predicting that now. I Too, I too am fond of Ty Jerome, we have him on the pod Coming up this week, by the way. Oh nice. I'm a huge joining on Thursday. Great. I'm a huge fan. I love when he comes in. He, it's exactly, he's like the most pure bench guy in the league comes in, he's gonna play his eight, nine minutes, however long it is.


He is gonna affect the game. He's gonna make a shot, he's gonna have energy. And in that Friday night out the game, I was like, fuck I, I hope they don't close with Ty Jerome. 'cause you see Ty Jerome is a problem by the way. Wiggins is up there for me as a favorite bench guy too. There was a moment when Ty Jerome was playing and, and trying to figure out where his basketball life was gonna go. Van Gundy was on the broadcast and this is when I knew, and again, anybody that watched him in college, he just, he's very different in that he, the play is open. There are options open on his plays that are longer, if that makes sense. Like it's almost like a quarterback watching routes develop and he finds a way to give the receivers the extra beat to do whatever they need to do so that you're, you're still defending more shit than you wanna defend with Jerome.


And that's why he screws up so many of these defenses. 'cause you're like, there's no way this is gonna work. And it's a lot of that Nash wrong foot thing or it's the takeoff to pass where guys started. Remember like almost running out of the way of Nash's drives it actually opened up things for Nash 'cause people were closing out and so freaked about his passing skills. Yeah. And Jerome has these runners where everything is kind of wrong and then you don't really know what's supposed to happen Anyway. Van Gundy was on a broadcast and it was almost like your grandfather watching Christina Hendricks on an episode of Mad Men for the first time. Like just this erotic slightly, like the way Van Gundy talked about Ty Jerome's game.


It was, it was like he needed a breath. Like he needed a moment. Yeah. And the cigarettes, it makes, it makes all the sense in the world like Cleveland, when they came back, what was really interesting about their game, they went to 10 guys I think 14 minutes into the game. Yeah. They Were at 10 guys and their 10 guys the Friday Night game you're talking About Right. Their depending maybe, maybe you take a cho off the table shot selection, some of that stuff. Let's say nine. Nine of the guys for Cleveland now are really good. Yeah. Ty, Jerome Wiggins. I'm trying to think who else are my favorites. I still enjoy Quentin Grimes.


I wish he was on a good team. A bunch of the Detroit guys, They play a million dudes. Yeah, they're playing 11 guys. I like Detroit brings their guys in and they're all playing really hard. Yeah. And they're ready to rough people up and get in fights. Red Flag, big two. Set the tone. Lakers is easy. Rim protection and defending at the other team's. Point guard. If it's somebody who can get to the rim, I think is gonna be a problem for them that they could figure it out. And then Golden State turnovers and ball handling. They, they have the, they still have the dumbest turnovers. Doesn't matter who's on the team, they're just gonna have dump turnovers. They're gonna have really bad turnovers in crunch time. I think it's aging Steve Kerr and like dog ears watching.


I think it drives a nuts. Hey. Even when they were arguably the greatest team we've ever, ever seen. Yeah. They turned the ball over. But they also, it's The fatal F for Steph. They Played better defense than everybody too. On top of being Unguardable. So, and Then the last red flag Memphis. I know you wanna do some Memphis stuff really quick and then we'll, we'll circle back to the Friday. Sunday Seltz games if there's anything left. But I, the jaw, not being able to make outside shots doesn't seem like it. And how everything is so dependent on him just getting to the rim. I just feel like it's gonna be easy to stop in a playoffs series and it for me, lowers their ceiling. I've watched them a lot the last, I don't know, 10 plus days.


I watched the Clippers loss, I watched the Phoenix win. I watched the Phoenix win in overtime, the Knicks loss, which could have gone either way and they lose the San Antonio but Ja didn't play last night. Right. I don't think Ja or Bain played. That's right. Yeah. Because Bain was in a sick, sick hoodie. I wanna be fair about Memphis, you know, 'cause I think that the most dismissive thing you could say is, Hey, they've never done shit. Because I hear it a lot, like if I talk to teams like, Hey, who do you like, who do you not like? What would you think about this matchup? Whatever. There's a lot of never done shit about a million different teams because you know what? It's really hard to do win. It's hard to actually do shit. Like you could even, I don't even know how Windhorse, like, again, it's not a criticism of Windhorse, but I was a little shocked at how often, like he was talking about how disrespected the thunder were.


Whereas once they get into the playoffs that a lot of this stuff isn't gonna work. And I, that one I don't quite understand. I don't, don't think it's even fair to judge the thunder of some finished product until we see Did He say that about this season's thunder? He said about, I mean, do I have to bring up the quote because it's, I brought it up with Slater. No, I'm just surprised. Yeah. I brought it up with Slater this week where he, he was basically saying like, again, it's not like he's pulling the entire league, but it's like a player thing. There's just players that look at the thunder, look at their regular season success now last year you could point to it and go, hey look at their health and look at their available guys. Like they had basically played Sacramento had one of those seasons where it's like, okay, you basically ceiling out though this Entire time. Right? You 10 outta 10. The your luck factor.


I don't understand. Like why wouldn't Shaa Shay's just gonna be as good. Maybe he has a, a couple games. This happened to Boston last year though. What do you mean? There's just this weird with the, when you say like around the league, there's a feeling like there's not a total respect. This was the Boston situation last year. So what? Yeah, which team has not won that. People were like, Hey, that team's gonna get it done. Well this circle, does it Ever happen? This circles back to the Cleveland piece of it. 'cause I think Cleveland is fucking terrifying. I've said this to you. Are you Ready to pick them over Boston in a series? I wanna see who's healthy on the Boston side. Okay, Ed, look let's Just give you like if you, everybody, if you said gun of the head right now, yeah.


Like what do I think's gonna happen? I think it's gonna be really hard to win a game seven in Cleveland. I think Mitchell could not be less afraid of the Boston Celtics and he's been this way for most of the decade. He loves playing them. They have two awesome guards, one who didn't play Friday and they have length with with swings and they can't stop him. And if it gets to a situation where there's a couple big playoff games in a series, he's gonna think he can beat whoever the best Boston guy is. And he did it on Friday night. He was the best guy on the floor in the second half. They have length Moby's better. Mobley was awesome in that fourth quarter on Friday getting, do you see What else they did too as they sat Alan to close?


Yeah, well that, but there was no poison against no Drew. So it's, it's hard to overreact one way or the other. But the Mitchell piece and their bench, which is real Hunter who has always done pretty well against the Seltz, who has size, who can at least make guys think and they don't have to play a coro. I think Cleveland's really good. And you know what, what my other reason is they only have 10 losses. It's March 2nd. Cleveland's good. They should be the favorite. And Boston is the favorite on Fandel. They're minus one 50. Cleveland's plus two 70. I think Boston could beat Cleveland. Yeah, But think about that sentence like did you think you would be saying that I think Boston could beat Cleveland two months ago. I think it could, right?


No, but Boston was the prohibitive favorites and the odds have not caught up to Cleveland yet. They're plus two 70 and they're gonna have home court advantage in any Boston series. That's a real thing. I also like Right, go ahead. Well I like the way they match up against KC too. There's some Garland stuff with them that Boston, they really went after it in the Friday game where they were like, we're just gonna attack him, we're gonna bully him. We're gonna use our wings. And, and the refs were awful. My dad was the most upset about the refs that he is been in two years coming home, could not believe Tatum had five free throws. Look, you can excuse that game any way you want. That was an awesome win for Cleveland. Like they to fall down like they did Tab Tatum, do they get the fuck outta here thing?


And then for them to come back and them knowing that Mitchell might be the best guy in the series, if you're just talking about who can score in a fourth quarter on both sides. So if I'm Cleveland, I, I'm like delighted by how the season's going. So Mitchell this season in three games against Boston's averaging 36, 7 and four on 50 and 38%, he feels even better splits. He's Getting all the shots he wants, he gets the threes he wants, he gets the matchups, he wants, he gets the runners he wants, he can get to the rim and this'll be like, you did that Drew holiday extension, right? You did it to make him feel good about last season heading in the playoffs. But ultimately you're trying to go back to back and that's a lot of money for a guy who's 34 who's got now like a fucked up finger.


But this is, that's gonna be the series for JR Holiday. That Mitchell series. What he can do against Mitchell will be the entire contract because there, I don't think anyone else white doesn't seem like he can get a handle on him and they're just putting everybody else in switches and it's gonna have to be holiday. I think First of all, he's just that good. Okay. Yeah. Like the best version of him. He also rejects the screen in that Dwayne Wade way. Where I think when you're really good at that, 'cause I just don't know that there's enough like guys that understand when you turn the screen down and you go the other way, he also splits it. I, you know, again, I'm not trying to compare him to Kobe 'cause Kobe would split screens in ways. You were just like, oh my god It's, it's mid two thousands Wade with three point range is what he reminds me of.


'cause he can get, he can get to the basket, he can get in the paint, but he also has this three point shot that Wade never had and he is just so athletic and it just, who is the right guy to guard him when he is feeling it? Well It's probably not Hauser as good as Hauser holds up. Like that was one of the things that I was looking at the last few days with Boston where you, okay, every one of these Hauser minutes or every one of these curl handoffs where you're getting Cornet trying to figure out which side of the paint he's gonna try to contest a shot on. Like those are Pingus and Drew minutes. So even if Drew doesn't end up on him, you're now switching into whatever version of this was. And now pre Deandre Hunter, I didn't care what Mitchell did. I didn't care about what the regular season stuff.


And again it had gone Boston's way. So you could at least point to that as evidence. But there was always a bad matchup waiting for Cleveland. Whether it was finding Garland or Stru having to start on Jalen Brown or Right. You know, Alan is on Tatum. They clearly like bringing Alan all the way out away from the rim. And then if the Mobley lineup is out there with Alan trying to keep him pinned to a three point shooter. So like basically you can't have Alan or Mobley ever freelance to the rim. And I actually think in the matchups where Tatum had Alan, like he did a really good job with it because if he wasn't gonna be able to finish at the rim, he kind of knew and he had a massive game there. But that Was harder. That was, that was one of the best Tatum games he's ever had.


He was awesome, right? Like he was just the, the matchups and spots he was picking, I, I thought he was incredible in that game. But now that they have these hunter minutes and they closed with Mobley Hunter and then the guards 'cause Garland played and, and had his moments even though he's being hunted. And then you have, so Cleveland now has put together spacing options and the hunter part of it, even though it was expensive, I love that they did this because now it's like, look, nobody's stopping Tatum necessarily, but at least you have somebody size wise who has a defensive thing to him. It's a Chore to score against him and he can shoot threes. Look, the point is, is even without Pingus and Drew in there and maybe it feels like a mistake, Cleveland's the favorite.


I agree with you. I couldn't believe the odds. I couldn't believe they were plus two 70 with home court. I, I was stunned the thing you mentioned. I'm glad you me Down mentioned 25 3 and then you win on The road. I'm glad you mentioned the Lan not playing in crunch time. 'cause I actually thought there was a chance they were gonna bench Garland and crunch time and play Tide Jerome. 'cause he was so good in that game. They have different lineups they can do, right? They can go a little smaller, they can go a little bigger. They can go big in their back court if they feel like Garland has too much of a defensive liability and Mitchell's feeling it, they can just yank 'em. And I think Atkinson has a real feel for what the team is. But, and he has Really good, he has all these different options. I, I guess I just don't like the default and I'm guilty of it too.


Like we have a really hard time with new, it's hard to be ahead of everybody going. You know what like, but if, if I were to listen to somebody be like, Cleveland hasn't done it. Boston has, and that'd be the reason, that's not a Reason. I Think it's ignoring a lot of basketball stuff. There's not a reason. Now there one threat I was on was convinced that Joe Ma didn't play Tory Craig in that fourth quarter and did all that Hauser stuff 'cause he didn't care about the game 'cause they're the two seat anyway. He wanted Cleveland. 'cause Joe Ma is, you know, he, he looks at things completely different than everybody else but he's like, I don't really care about this game. I'm gonna try this and see if it works. It doesn't work, I just won't do it. If we're actually in the playoffs series, the Zynga piece I think is still gonna be a genuine problem for the calves if he's healthy.


That's the matchup. Because the other thing is he allows, when Mitchell's going to the basket, now there's somebody coming over with their hand up who's just a little bit of a different person to contend with. So, and if they wanna go double big, you, you'd still have to respect, you obviously have to respect Pingus. Like you feel like Boston has the stretch options and we might be both making mistake declaring Cleveland the favorite right now, which percent the is, which is being out. But I just think they're that good man. If we're Doing percentages and it's, we're going a hundred percent, a hundred percent percentages Boston Cleveland, that's it. I would say it's like you love when I do this, I would say it's like I'm Writing it down. I got my pen. I would say it's 55 45 Cleveland in my mind I think there's more outcomes when Cleveland beats Boston than vice versa.


And I think that Game seven in Cleveland really matters and everyone always discounts this shit. And we've had some upsets. We had Minnesota go into Denver and beat them in a game seven. Like I, I know there's games where that happens, but Mitchell, this might be like a Mitchell year. I wouldn't rule it out. And I, it's also, he's an interesting MVP guy now because it's obviously Shane Joker as the top two And I think Tatum's third. But if Cleveland ends up like 67 and 15 with all the stuff y you almost have to have a calve in the top. It'd be weird for them not to have someone in the top three. So it would, and it's clearly Mitchell, but amazing year by him.


Kudos to him. I I was a little iffy on him last year with some of the decision making this year I'm not. Well they went to seven games at Orlando. Yeah. You know, and Orlando who if you really want to have a bad time watch them on offense this season. It's funny too because Cleveland ran the zone where they had tied Jerome and Sam Merrill at the top of the zone and you're looking at Orlando's options and be like, I know what the zone it can like mess you up a little bit and also screws up Orlando's offense that their top two usage guys are 30% each from three in Paolo and Fran. So that's gonna put a dent in your plans. But I was watching this going, how can you guys not figure out a way to attack friend of the pod Sam Merrill and soon to be friend of the pod tie?


Like how I know they're in zone, but like teams will stop screening with zone or they'll stop cutting. Like they just get freaked out. I mean Orlando's offense is terrible against everybody and every yeah incarnation. But this is, this is one of those deals where you are like, everything seems to be working out for them and they can be a really, like, you know, we could say how depth is overrated in the playoffs, but there's nothing to me that's overrated about options and they have depth options In lineups lineup options. Yeah. Yeah. And OKC has those things too. Think about, You think about that Friday game and again, no Drew, no kp, but Tatum had 46, 16 and nine and the Celtics lost at home.


Like that's a little alarming. Tatum had I think the best all around regular season game I've ever seen him have and especially the rebounds with him, which just every game now it feels like he's gonna get to 10 plus rebounds and seven plus assists. His decision making was amazing and the Celtics still lost. So if I'm Cleveland, I feel great about that. All right. I thi I think we agree on that And I would still have OKC And I guess the last piece we, we didn't talk about, and we probably should really quick is just, and maybe there's not a lot of talk about that the Lakers. I just think both of us are taking them seriously as a, as a real playoff team. Just because it's two weeks, you just have to go four and three to get to the next round.


Is that a team that can go four and three every two weeks? I think it's so I'm taking them seriously whether I still feel like Denver's above them And I like your idea of Denver being in the slight layer under the top three. I would still have them fourth, Whether you gonna like under tier it or however. And then Lakers Golden State is the next two. I I just think is how I'd have it. I wouldn't have the Knicks with those two. I just don't know how the Knicks defense is gonna be enough. Too easy Have easy scoring Them. I know they have Mitchell back now and the lack of depth, right? Let's see if, if Mitchell's there in round one, then I'm gonna reconsider, but I just don't trust it. Do You don, That's a massive leap to be like that team is gonna get through.


I mean unless somebody does them a favor so they only have to face one of the two top teams to get through it. But How are you on Pistons? Because I'm like a 10 outta 10. I Love watching the Knicks though. Like even with my doubt doubts I that Nicks Memphis game the other night. That was awesome. Know we, we didn't really do a very good job on the Memphis thing, so let me just end it this way. Yeah, there's so much that I like about the team. I think Bain is just solid all the time. I don't know that Aldama gets enough credit. You know, they're working a couple other pieces in, I think the ED thing is, is still not necessarily great And I don't know if it's 'cause Bill G, He was out there in crunch time that on Friday night. Yeah, I was shocked. Bill Gurley had kind of a tweet that was like, I'm really smart and you draft guys are kind of fucking morons.


And it was like the general premise of like overthinking something and ultimately becoming wrong when he was taken. And it's like, look man, I think you are not really understanding the NBA part of this where there's a lot of teams that'll sit there in the war room going, hey, the guy we're about to draft is not nearly as good as the guy we're passing on. Right? Yeah. Like they know this, these teams are not as stupid as people wanna make 'em out to be. But if you're a team that doesn't have a track record of attracting free agents, right? So you're not a a destination franchise. You never use a cap space on anybody.


Maybe You don't have necessarily a tra trade assets. The reason why players like Edie would go a little bit later in a draft, which we've already covered some of this stuff before, is because you feel like they're already close to their ceiling and you're like, Hey, I know that Ahman Thompson is this or a Sir Thompson is this, but what if, what if this raw like 1% athlete who we like his personality? Like what, And I'm not comparing like Thompson going where he went, you know, it's, it's also different drive classes. But there's, there's something you have to understand with teams that when they're selecting guys, they know the mistake they're potentially making but they're thinking about the high ceiling part because the addition of talent is so incredibly challenging in this league.


More challenging. It's tougher to be a GM in basketball than any of the other sports. So for teams that are watching I'D football i'd, what's that? I'd go Football. No way. I think it's so hard to draft in football, it just seems like it's a fucking crapshoot. But can you imagine having a top four quarter of top four pick right now trying to decide whether you're gonna get fired if Cam Ward doesn't work out for you with the second, Do you wanna do this? I don't know that you're prepared to do this with me. I just think it's harder. I I'm not, I'm not willing to get an hour debate about it. I just think there's more players, there's more positions. Yeah, but the, the cap thing is the same for everybody. Okay. Yeah. There's no soft part of it.


There's no like, there's no massive advantage in the five destination cities in the NFL that you have in the NBA. So if you're a have not in the NBA, like Utah can be putting together the best plan ever. Is anyone ever signing there? Right? The NFL doesn't have that. You don't, You don have real Carlos, You don't even have real free agency in the NFL. So on top of like when a guy wants a trade, like hey, or we'll just franchise you and you can miss out on like a top five salary at your position. So At that part Belichick took, Belichick took the kill Harry over DK Metcalf and AJ Brown.


Yeah, but He, he, he can't Drive receivers so that's not a good argument here. The TRO traded outta the Trent McDuffy pick and passed up on George car LTA to take Cole Strange. I just think the draft is like, it almost like breaks their brains how stupid some of this shit is. NBA I NBA is more simple. It's like you going like your Edie point. Do we wanna take a guy who has a chance to be potentially like an awesome guy someday or do we just take 12 and nine from Zach Edie for the next five years? And Memphis was like, that sounds great. We'll do that. Right? 'cause then it becomes a debate. Is it easier to draft in the NBA or are they better at it? And I just, when it comes down to the quarterback part of it, it's something that we can't criticize for an officer for getting wrong.


It's the process of evaluating these guys. It's just no one's figured it out. It's too flawed of a thing. All the it'd like be watching somebody run really fast in basketball and his dunks are awesome and then being like, look at all that athleticism and quick twitch stuff. Now he'll be good at quarterback 'cause that's something. But we both Like, Yeah, We thought Edie was a rotation guy. We thought he was a rotation guy but a closing guy for the Memphis Grizzlies and that I did not see. He pulled out that I did not see sir. And he, and he's also, you know, one of the best post players we've seen in college basketball. Recent history. History. That's good hands. Do you want to guess how many post ups he has per game right now in the league? Doesn't seem like a lot. 1.6. Yeah. Not surprised. So you're drafting him and you're asking him to post up 1.6 times per game.


So now we're, well It's a weird thing with Ja 'cause all JA does is go to the basket. So then you have Zach, Edie just kind of wandering around. Not, not, not great. You can't really post up Zach, Edie and have John Marin. Another thing for my NFL NBA thing, we have seven conversations going on at once here, by the way. It's two hours into the pod. I'm groggy. You Can't, you can't bring in a new coach in the NBA with basically the same roster and then just be a completely different team. And there's also the math of the games where a team, a couple one score possession games go their way. All of a sudden you're a four win team and you go to like a nine win team and you're just like, man, we really figured it out. It's like, no actually you just recovered more fumbles.


But Right, there's, there's very little that you can do. And then also look in the NBA with the way the drafting works. The second round guys, again, the second round thing was like the most overrated thing ever. And people just love that hinky was stockpiling all these second round picks, but it was so fucking stupid. There's no NBA draft part where you're like, oh, in the fourth round that we grabbed an all pro middle linebacker. Right? That doesn't happen. So I I we can do this on The Ringer Team Debate. Team debate. I don't know. I, the more, the more drafts I watch sometimes it seems like easier than ever.


Like Zed clearly was gonna be a rotation guy. I couldn't believe there was even a dialogue about it. He's seven foot five and he has good hands. You're gonna get four good years out of him. Wait, so now I don't even know if we're arguing the same z Zach 80 point. Do you, how about we do this? Yeah. Do you like Memphis in the playoffs? No, I don't. I don't like Memphis or Houston. I just think it's too early for both of them. But is it too early for Memphis? 'cause that's something like this has been a very weird three year stretch for this team. Okay. To say the least. Yeah. So you go back to 22 And I always liked Memphis. I liked their rawness, their anti-establishment, you know, the next generation of, of grit and grind.


And then when they played whoop that trick in Game five against Golden State when they killed, Killed, remember that? Yeah. Yeah. And I, I actually, I think I did a monologue 'cause Chris Vernon sent me just a tear emoji after the open where I went, I want Golden State to beat their fucking brains in. Yeah. When they play in game six. Because I was like, you guys are really, really feeling yourself. Your Dad three, two in a series maybe don't play. Yeah, it was, it was elimination game three, one to three two. But it was, it was a lot, it was a lot from those guys. And so then you have the jaw issues, then you have the injury issues. And so like that was a, they had a seed not that long ago when they were hurt against the Lakers.


Right. Where no one gave him a chance necessarily in that series. That was the Dylan Brooks thing. Pretty band up. Everybody, everybody ended up not liking him all that much. So this is kind of like year four of this group. But I, I don't know that it's like, oh they're incapable 'cause they haven't done anything when they weren't really fully formed in all these, Don't you feel like they're a regular, they're like a regular season team that I, I just have less faith in the playoffs about because of, I don't know, I just think teams are gonna have better options in crunch time when we get to April May and their trading baskets in the fourth quarters. I just, I also don't think they're defense is as good as I thought it was gonna be. The teams put up big point numbers on them.


You notice that they're way more run and gun than I think I was expecting from them this year. Yeah, but they're defensive numbers 'cause I looked it up the other day, Day. I know. But they'll, they'll have these games where they're like 1 26 to 1 25. Shit like that. That Knicks game was a wild game. That was like not a, I'll say, well it's not a defensive game. Yeah. So I got, I have the same six that I had before and Nicks, hey Robinson looks awesome for them. Maybe we could reevaluate that in a month. You wanna do a quick deep dive before we go? I Do. What do you want? Spin You go. We can, we can do it fast. We'll do it in like three minutes. I just, I'm still on the pyramids to be honest with you.


Okay. Any, any new news with the pyramids? Yeah, just because like the last guy that built a pyramid after his, you know, the lineage of of rulers, he was like, okay, well my grandfather did this and then my father did this, so how about we do this? I'll build a slightly smaller pyramid just because the other guy's like you really had to sacrifice because basically people were like, Hey these pyramids take a fucking long time and a lot of resources and maybe this isn't the sweetest deal for your constituents. Right? Yeah. So I liked that it was, it was almost like an ideological shift of the pharaohs that it was like, if we're gonna do a pyramid, how about It was A deck.


Just go a little, a little smaller. Yeah. Yeah. It felt like a real transition of like, I still gotta do one. I still gotta do one, but I'm gonna take it easy on you guys. Did They ever, ever master the pyramids? Was there ever a moment where like with baseball where they, they just figured out, guys gotta get on base and let's get on base any way you can. So is there a pyramid? Is there pyramid version of OBP That matches not putting the ball in play in too many relievers? Hmm. Yeah. That's my question. I never, right at the end, right at the end of the third dynasty, maybe I could have my, my tables wrong but yeah, I'll check on that.


What do you got? I really, Ben And I watched Shane Gillis on SNL last night and had a great time and laughed a lot. And I started thinking about how I think he could have been the biggest star on the show in the last 10 years. And that set me down a long deep dive of how he didn't end up on the show. And I was watching different quips, here we go. And There was, well hey, we'll leave that aside there, but there's all this different videos and stuff. And one of them was this like two minute video of Louis CK just blistering Shane Gillis like half half fun but half whatever. 'cause he was so mad that he was doing an ad but also about to throw the podcast to a patriot.


And he was like, how much money do you need to make from this podcast? Do you really need the money that bad? And Shane Ghost is like, I actually do. But I was just down this whole Shane Gillis rabbit hole thinking about how interesting it would've been if he had just become like Wolf Ferrell on SNL. And I don't think I was alone with that last night. 'cause I thought some of this stuff last night was great. The monologue was as awkward as it's ever been. It's just such a bizarre fit of performer and audience. Like whoever's in that crowd where they're just band behind them, which a lot of people were pointing out the band's like, can we laugh at that one? Can we do that? But his sketches and the, the couple of beers thing was fucking great. I thought it, they really felt like they were pushing the envelope a little bit in a way that reminded me of some of the best era of the show.


And it was just like, man, what? This would've been so interesting if there's this altering universe where he's just on the sh like nothing happens. He never says the dumb shit and then never comes back to haunt him. And he's just on the show. Just kind of doing that same ride at that like Will Ferrell did and Phil Hartman some of these other guys. Like what would have been the destiny of that? Anyway, I was deep diving that for an hour last night. 'cause I couldn't sleep. I saw the couple of beers thing. I haven't watched it yet. I did watch the monologue because I mean he even talked about the first monologue. I think he was nervous. Like it was shocked. Yeah, he was, because he's so good. I've seen him I think four times now whenever he is around. Like, I wanna make sure I can go check it out and look I, I like him.


But last night I think there's still this disconnect of people can't understand where he's at. And even though s and it's cadence cadence Too. It's like stop that stop start thing. He does if you're not used to it, you're kind of like, what's he doing? Yeah. Like there was obviously like peak Whatever, you know, political lines. You, you wanna argue like SNL was aligned with. I think there was a peak where it was probably like a lot for anybody. Yeah. Like I remember they did a news, a weekend news thing or whatever and they went to some correspondent that was talking about the movie lineup and then essentially every movie was centered around white male rage, right?


Yeah. And so whoever the correspondent was that was doing the spoof was just yelling like white male rage, white male rage. And I wasn't offended as a white male. I was offended 'cause it was so fucking stupid. It just wasn't funny at all. Yeah. But it felt like because of wherever we were at in our discussions, at least as a country at the time, it was like almost a cool thing to try to do. And it just didn't, didn't work. It wasn't really funny. And now I've looked at different SNL clips, it's like, oh, you can see the shift a little bit. Be like maybe a hundred percent, maybe some of this pandering stuff that we were doing. Or maybe it was people internally that worked on the show were like, no, these are important things like we're gonna do. You can see there's been a very clear shift of like, let's actually start making fun of both sides a little bit more than we were than.


So then I don't know if that sets the tone for like what Gillis is walking into, but I think some people look at Gillis and think was, and he talks about Trump when he comes out and says, I'm going to Ms. Trump being in debates that for some people it's like this massive red flag that goes up. Like, oh, this guy's a Trump guy, you know, he is Yeah. White, he's from pa. Like clearly he's a Trump guy. Then he goes right for Biden right after. Right. So I don't think, first of all, I don't think he's as conservative as some people think he is. And the way that like, that'll ha like it'll happen with certain people. Like they'll already beat like triggered to go, oh no, like this is a Trump, a pro-Trump comedian out here.


'cause he just said I'm gonna, and then he makes fun of Trump the whole fucking time. Yeah. So he's kind of just making fun of everybody there the whole time. I, I'd ask you this though, like him getting bounced. I knew who he was but not as, as good. And then pretty quickly I was like, man, this guy is like, he's probably my favorite going right now. I think he's really smart on top of being like the guys that play the goofy thing but also are incredibly smart with the way they structure the stuff that they're doing is always gonna like, make me want like, I'm like, okay, I'm in. This isn't just set up, set up joke or whatever. I, I think there's some layers to the stuff that he's doing that's really impressive to me. But do you think, do you think that changed? 'cause it, at the time it felt like, and I'm, I'm doing a bad job of this.


That was the best thing that happened to him. 'cause it put him on everybody's radar. But you think the long-term ceiling for him back to the Z thing. I don't think it was the best thing. I think, I think it was bad for him. Okay. You do Go. Yeah, I do. I I think it set him back a couple years but, and but ultimately became part of his story and he got over it. But, you know, I don't think it was, I don't think it was good for him that that thing that really helped him was putting that communist special on YouTube and it was just great. The one, I think he did it in Austin, whatever. That was the one when Ben was like, who's this guy? And we were just, we would watch it over and over again and we thought it was just so fucking funny. Like the Trump stuff. Everything.


The Ices thing, the ISIS thing. When I saw the ISIS thing live in Arizona, I I mean he just had everybody. Yeah. I mean he, his whole premise was I, and again, like that's a pretty good example of what we're talking about. I don't think he actually is cheering for Isis. Right. Okay. Right. But his whole story and playing it out of getting you to understand why he's rooting for Isis for all of the reasons that he is laying out, like that's brilliant shit man. Yeah. Well and that's also, that was the bones of SNL and it was a lot of the SNL 50 stuff when they were going back through the old cast. And you think like that seventies cast especially, part of what made, made that great was they just didn't give a shit. They tried everything. And now do You think he has a Sandler like potential Sandler timeline that's not reachable now I What do you mean?


Well, if he's, if he's the main guy and he is really funny. He is on SNL for 10 years. Feels long today. I think it Would've been like five years. And I think he probably would've done standup stuff and then I don't know what the next thing is. But I think he'd be, I think it would've been really good for him. And I also think the show needed somebody like him, which was, I think the reason Lauren, the new Lauren Buck that came out has a little piece on it. Like he wanted a different type of cast member than they had and somebody that did a lot of stuff. Shane did. So I think it would've been really good from us. I think he would've played Trump, which would've been huge for him. 'cause he is really good at it. And you've seen him do it a bunch of times. Anyway, good. Deep dive. Anything you gotta plug before we go on Thursday?


Okay. Oh, Les Claypool. Primus Tuesday. Birdie taped it. Really? Yeah. Oh congrats. We're good luck with the facial air. I will see you in a week. We'll see what's changed in the world of basketball. Good to see you. Thanks to Sir Rudy and Kyle and GAA as well. Don't forget you can watch this on the Bill Simmons YouTube channel and you can watch it as a video on Spotify as well. I will see you. New rewatch Wass coming Monday night we did an Oscar winner. Priscilla, I'll text you about it. Keep in secret. Who did you, who do you want to win? The Oscar? Oh, we're taping this for the Oscar. I, I was really hoping Mikey Madison would win Best Actress.


'cause I thought that was the best performance I saw this year. But doesn't seem like as we're taping this doesn't seem like she's gonna win. I thought she was great. I thought she was awesome. Best, Best pick. I Think RA's gonna win and by default was part, but I didn't see the Brutalness didn't, so I'm not gonna pretend I'm Leslie Morris. You didn't. I just still didn't see it. I will at some point. I just didn't see it And I didn't do the thing where it's like I gotta see every movie before, you know, I just didn't get to it yet. I'll say it at some point. What do you have? I only watch those two movies. Or I saw Dune Saw Dune, I saw Shala Mai at the Lakers game. I know he was Sitting a couple rows in front of me. Yeah.


I wanted to go up to him and be like, Hey, here's the deal. It's not about me. Will you go on with Bill? Here's his number. Come On with both of us. Yeah, no, No. I want you to just, I want you to ice. I want you to hunt him like Darius Garland. I think it's very clear Shaima would come on with you if he knew the request was in. I feel like people don't know how big of a deal. I think there's a pretty big PR armada. Yeah. Yeah. It's Gonna happen. I'm not worried about it. They're Turning out everything. But any kid that waits outside MSG to meet Amari Sto when he is 10 or 11, that guy wants to go. He already name checked you. So yeah, this is, this is an auto. So I thought is there any way I'll get a mo?


But as I've gotten older, I'm like, I'm never going up to anybody anymore. Yeah, it Sucks Because it just smart it. Yeah, it doesn't work. You can come up to me. I'll be over here Marilla. See you next Sunday. See you Must be 21 plus in President select states for Kansas and affiliation with Kansas Star Casino or 18 plus in President dc.


Gambling problem, call 100 gambler. Visit rg help.com. Call 1 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org/chat in Connecticut. Or visit md gambling help.org in Maryland. Hope is here. Visit gambling helpline ma.org or call 803 2 7 50 50 for twenty four seven. Support Massachusetts. Or call 1 8 7 7 8 Hope and y or Text Hope and Y in New York.


This episode is brought to by LinkedIn. During the season, every baseball team plays 162 games. It's a true test of endurance. It's not enough to have a hot month or two. You need sustained dominance throughout. Well, the same is true for your small business. It's not enough to have a great Q2 or even a great year. You want year over year growth that starts with better hires. That'll be there for the long haul to find those hires. Use LinkedIn. LinkedIn has strong hiring data and insights that you won't find anywhere else to help pair you with the best candidates from unique skills and interests to the connections you have in common. Based on LinkedIn data, 72% of small businesses say that LinkedIn helps them find high quality talent. LinkedIn also lets you go beyond people who are actively applying in a given week. 171 million LinkedIn members aren't actively seeking jobs, but they are open to new opportunities. That's a big pool to miss out on. If you're not hiring with LinkedIn, find your next great hire on LinkedIn. Post your job for free at LinkedIn dot com slash simmons. That's LinkedIn dot com slash Simmons to post your job for free terms and conditions. Apply.