
You're listening and watching The Bill Simmons Podcast presented by FanDuel our friends America's number one sports book. And they've made it easier than ever to get in on the action during an NBA playoff game. Even after Tip off, just look for the live SGP tab on the FanDuel sportsbook app and build your own bet slip and sit back, relax, track the outcome of your parlay right in the app. And if You don't already have it, download the FanDuel app today to make every moment more The Ringer is committed to responsible gaming. Please visit rg help.com to learn more about the resources and helplines available. And listen to the end episode for additional details. Must be 21 plus President Select states game problem called one GAMBLER visitor rg help com. Coming up.


This went from, it was supposed to be a really fun podcast to not a fun podcast at all, but we're gonna try to go through it next.


This episode is presented by a State Farm on the basketball court. The best players know when to pass an off the court. You still need teammates who are there when accounts. That's where State Farm comes in with agents to help you find coverage that's right for you. You can focus on what really matters, whether that's hitting game winners or just getting through the day Like a good neighbor. State Farm is there. State Farm coverage Options are selected by the customer. Availability and eligibility vary by state.


We're also brought to you by The Ringer Podcast Network. I have new re watchable coming for you on Tuesday night. We did Death Wish at his big ass seventies month. I am going to be on Zach Lowe's podcast on Tuesday, late morning 'cause he has tales from the lottery. Hopefully we'll find out what happened to Jason Tatum because he got hurt at the end of game four today and it did not seem good. And we're about to talk about that as well as one of the craziest ladders in the history of the week with Joe House and j Kyle. Man, that is all next. First. Our friends from Pearl Jam.


All right, we're live. I really wanted to cancel this. Tonight was not a good night for Celtic fans. Holy shit. Really tough loss in MSG. I don't know how long JJ Kyle May is here. Joe House is here. We're gonna talk about the lottery later. We're gonna play off the Nick Celtics game as well. Not gonna speculate too much on the Tatum thing, but it did not look good. It, worst case scenario is an Achilles best case scenario is like torn ligaments in his ankle or some sort of bad ankle injury. But either way, like done for the series and God only knows for how long. What was your reaction when you saw Kyle? Did you think Achilles right away? I mean, just, I'm, I've had a lot of sports injuries, but I, I'm not gonna pretend to know these kind of things, but the fact that we were arguing about, you know, ankle or not, I mean the fact that he was neutral and there was the plant and then the reverse angle where you see the pressure and then you just kind of see him, his ankle just kind of wobble like the stability gave out.


Yeah. Which made me worry. And but you and I were saying that, you know, the pain part of it was the interesting reaction because to me, I've never torn that God, you know, God willing, I, I don't go go there. But he, his reaction to it was what made me think because every basketball player fears that, right? Yeah. I mean it's the, it's increasingly getting more, you know, doable and navigable, but with surgery and everything. But I think his reaction was he knew, that's kind of my speculation. It was, he, he knew what it was and it was just that like, holy shit, why me? Kind of a thing. Right. Less than a writhing in pain type thing. Yeah, house usually with the Achilles, the guy almost doesn't seem like they knew it happened and they grab like for something behind their thing.


So I was, I was studying it like, well he's grabbing the side of his ankle. Maybe it's not, but it doesn't look great. And the irony of it was that was one of the best games of his career up to that point. I mean, he's single-handedly kept the Celtics in that game for three plus quarters and was outrageously good. That's the bummer. We were being treated finally in this game, four to the monoi mono that we, we basketball fans deserve. We were waiting for a Brunson game and then, you know, Tatum was there to match him, blow for blow shot for shot. And you know, that fourth quarter was, was, was getting very exciting down that stretch there. And that's it.


It's over the season's over for the Celtics and who knows what happens over the summer and next season. It looked like the Knicks were about to pull away when that play happened. And the irony, normal pass to Jalen Brown who just, you know, just didn't have it the whole night. He was fouls turnovers and for some reason the pass just to flex off him goes back to Tatum. Tatum jumps for it has the injury, but the Knicks, you know, it was really just Tatum and white tonight for the Celtics. Even before that injury. Nobody else really showed up. The pingus minutes were horrible. The two older guys, Horford and, and Drew Holiday brought nothing to the table. Prichard didn't really give them the boost off the bench. And then conversely, Brunson was awesome.


Bridges made some big, big, big little eight 10 footers. OG made a couple threes. Towns had some big minutes even though he was getting torched on defense. Robinson had a couple rebounds. The Knicks just Kyle, they just looked like a better all around team up until the injury. Yeah, the poor Zynga thing was really glaring. I mean in every facet he was slow to the ball on the glass. But I know what I noticed was, you know, on the season it was a lot of Mikhail Bridges. His strengths is things that he's already pretty good at. Were just being, you know, exacerbated, I think amplified in this situation where he's really good at those dribble pull up twos. And this, this is something that goes back to his Phoenix days that, yeah, I remember in particular CP three and he would kill Pingus with that, that left to right where they would sort of go through the middle of the P snake through the middle of that pick, pick and roll and get to that dribble pullup shot.


I mean he was just killing Pingus with that. 'cause Pingus wasn't moving laterally really well, Horford wasn't either, but yeah, 48.1% on the season. I looked it up. Dribble Pullup two. So that's his strength. And man, he killed him with it. Yeah, I was worried, I was really worried about this game for a bunch of different reasons. But the one day rest for the older guys on the, on the Celtics versus like having the home game and then having to do it again on Wednesday night house, when you're before the injury, you're watching it. And I was saying to you, I was worried about this game 'cause the Knicks hadn't played a good game in this series yet. And what were the odds they were just gonna go through two weeks and not have a good game? I I thought they were pretty good tonight. They they were good.


But you know, the, the key, and I'm not here to, you know, rub it in anybody's face. If, if Zenga isn't effective, then the Celtics, it makes it super duper hard for them to compete. They just don't have enough dudes. The Hauser injury turns out to be really impactful. Yeah. And if Zenga is this version of Zenga, then it, it's tough. 'cause the Knicks do have six dudes. They have six. That's exactly the number. They don't have more, maybe even just call five and a half. But they are dudes. They're all dudes. And look, here's the crazy thing to me. I'm looking at the numbers here. How did the Knicks get up? 13 more shots. They had 13 more attempts from the field. I know that's right. Yeah. They beat 'em by 12 on the boards.


That's the answer. It's crazy. 'cause the turnovers were pretty even and the, the Celtics were getting to the free throw line that wasn't an, an issue. And they both shot, you know, good from three 38% for the Celtics, 35% for the Knicks. Those are good, good numbers, but 13 more attempts 'cause the Knicks own the Boars. And this is the second consecutive game where that happened. And you know, it just goes, it is very basic. It, it goes, comes back to like, you know, your dudes who are your dudes who's gonna go get a, a rebound when you need it. Yeah. There was one point I looked at Tatum and wait, were a combined 13 for 25 from three and then the Celtics were still like down by a point. I'm like, that's not a good sign.


If you had told me that that was gonna be the number was six minutes, seven minutes left in the fourth quarter, that those two guys were gonna have that and they would still be losing. So Jalen rollercoaster game before Tatum got hurt, I just thought he was so good on both sides. I mean he had, he had five steals, two blocks. He was all over the place. Just over and over again. Attacking towns, attacking towns, attacking towns and, and really kept them in it. And the irony, what happened late was that it felt like this was going to be, you know, potentially another version of the Jason Tatum game. He's had a couple of those, like he had the game in Milwaukee, he had the game in Philly, but this was, I thought the best all around game. I had seen him play a couple dumb threes here and there, but for the most part was, was awesome.


Did the Knicks seem like a finals team to you, Kyle? I mean, based on what's on the board? Yeah, Yeah. I guess, I guess that Tatum's gonna be down. Yeah, I, I thought, I just thought as far as brilliantly as Tatum played though, you know, he was living a tough life. I mean, you know, nine isolations on the game and a lot of it was working if you're, they talked a lot about on the broadcast that you know, Carl is really vulnerable in drop. He is really vulnerable side to side, but he is decent at kind of staying down and like he's long enough to contest. They were talking about how he bothered Durant. Tatum just kept working hard and he wasn't really getting by him. And a lot of the shots that he was getting to, he was making him, but he was just kind of doing his thing where he, he steps backwards.


I don't know. It was, he was, it seemed like he was burning a lot of calories to, to just take tough shots. Sometimes they go in, but that's just kind of the, the Jason Tatum experience. But hey, if they all go in and he finishes that, yeah I definitely think it's a, it's a notch in, in his like legacy, you know, bullet point list. But Yeah, the offense just fell apart in the last quarter and a half of the game where you could just feel it. You can feel when that the iso ball stuff starts the balls, they stop running plays, they stop going, oh, let's post up holiday in this player, or let's run a little pick and pop with Derek Way. And it just becomes all one-on-one stuff. Clear out, you know, the one four kind of offense, which I don't know how I well that offense fed into a run by the Knicks.


The Knicks scored 70 points in the second half. They had 37 points in the third, third quarter. They were, yeah. So Brunson made some great, great, great shots and the Celtics fell asleep too a couple times. Like they left him open from three, they didn't switch over in time and they just kind of let him get into a groove. 'cause you can kind of always feel when he is about to go on one of his little runs. But I, I thought Bridges really helped too. And it, you know, I, I didn't think Tibs did a good job offensively the first three games, but I thought they mixed it up better in this game. It felt like everybody was a little, a little more involved. So this could, this could go down as we'll see what happens with Tatum. But this could go down as one of the, one of the darker Celtic days.


I mean honestly, 'cause especially the timing of, you know, not to mention he's at the peak of his career. He's never had a major injury Tatum. And if this is like a, a major one, it doesn't just take him out for this playoffs, but it takes him out for I think all of next year too. As he's sitting in his late twenties and he just wonder like, is he gonna be able to get back to the point that he was at tonight? So we'll find out what, well The shame of it is the Celtics should have just tanked down the stretch, got themselves into the play and lost in the playing game and Then used half Lot percent chances. They're like a half percent. It's a miracle. What happens in the NBA miracles happen, Bill Simmons.


So it, It's amazing how it shifted though, from what you were talking about Bill, like the conversation that we were ha we were on this nice, and if you're lucky, you get to have this conversation about your career and everything has to go right and it just speaks how difficult it is, is, but Tatum gets to this point in his, in his mid to late twenties where we're starting to have this conversation about like, well what are the levels are there left? And now it's like, do we get to have that conversation again? You know, now it's shifted to like, you just spelled it out. Can he, it shifts to can he get back and Yeah, it's, I mean it's a huge fucking bummer man because, and, and I was just thinking, I was talking to gal about this before we got on that. Can you ever remember one night where there were more fan bases that were just absolutely depressed for a wide variety of reasons than tonight?


Because I can't, like I I was yeah, Somehow, somehow Houses fan base didn't crack the top two for, for most depressed. Yeah. Well, we'll see what happens with, with Tatum. But I, you know, this speaks to a how hard it, how hard it is to win a title B, how important injury luck is, and c how, how hard it is to just put together some really good years in a row. Like even to be in the finals two years in a row with how basketball's played down, how physical and intense it is. And you know, Tatum was playing 40, 43 minutes a night and doing everything. He was the leading rebounder in the team. He was guarding Brunson, you know, a few times in this series. And, and today he was kind of their best option to guard Brunson.


He was the point forward over and over again. He is attacking the rim. I thought when Hart tripped him, I couldn't, I thought that was a dirty play. They didn't even review it, but he, you know, he was getting pounded on the whole game. And you know, you need some luck with this stuff. We're gonna take, we're gonna take a break for the podcast.


This episode is brought to you by degree, original, cool rush deodorant. Remember last year people got really mad when degree changed their cool rush formula. One dude even started a petition. What was up with that guy? Well, guess what degree listened. They admitted they messed up. They're bringing back the original cool rush scent. And thank God you've gotta love when a brand can own its mistakes. And it's in Walmart, target and other stores right now for under $4. Grab some, find out why it's been the number one men's anti purse brand for the last decade. And by the way, you should put that on, especially, we're about to hit the summer, it's getting sweaty in the summers, the original degree cool rushes back and it smells like victory for all of us.


The real reason you, you guys are on is 'cause we're gonna talk lottery, but for the, I'm going on Zach Lowe's podcast tomorrow we're gonna, Zach went to the lottery and I'm basically gonna set picks and rebounds for him as he's gonna talk about what it was like to be behind the scenes for that. So house you had, what, what were your odds? You had the second best odds? Well, it was a flat 14% for the three worst teams. That's how they flattened out the odds to disincentivize, egregious tanking. But you know, we're allowed to curse on this thing. Please curse. It doesn't fucking matter. It doesn't fucking matter. The the fat thumb comes out when the fat thumb comes out.


Now I certainly understand, you know, there's a code and there's, it's impossible to rig the balls except for the last 30 fucking years have have had a a, a stunning number of, of, of miracles. I mean, let's go back to 2011 when the NBA owned the motherfucking New Orleans, the Hornets, and somehow miraculously they find an owner, they, the David Stern vetoes a trade for Chris Paul to go to the Lakers because it's gonna tilt the competitive balance of the league. David Stern vetoed it for basketball reasons. They finally find a buyer for the New Orleans Hornets.


Somebody steps in and buys it from the NBA. Lo and behold, the New Orleans Hornets get the number one overall draft pick in the league. And it's Anthony Dave, can you believe it? Can you believe the good luck of the, I mean, we'll just go through it. I'm not gonna sit here and do the whole thing. But 2013, 2014, back to back Cleveland, number one overall picks. And LeBron comes back in 2014. And that number one pick turns into Kevin Love. Man, that's interesting. That's some interesting history right there. 2019. Well, you Forgot about 2011 when they had the decision and then the year after Cleveland won the lottery and got Kyrie Irving. I I, I I mean, I didn't forget, I'm just saying, I I I don't want to subject us to the entire litany here, but I did have Tim Donahue with me downstairs helping me remember some of these things we're kind of mapping out, you know, some of the very interesting, it's really a league of, of of miracles.


This this NBA of ours, but, you know, yes, new Orleans trades Anthony Davis to the Lakers and miraculous, it's another miracle. But I, I mean, you know, a league full of miracles, they jump, new Orleans jumps from, from the seventh spot in terms of the, the pre-draft where they should have been right up to the number one welcome. The best way to Way to get the pick is to trade your best guy to the Lakers, and then the miracles will align. But first of all, you're a sacrifice fan cat. Yeah, you're the son of a bitch who said that this was all gonna happen back in March. I know House and I did a, we had a worst contracts pod and I did a 35 second spiel on how we had to bet on Dallas to win the lottery because it was clearly how we were headed.


It's all, it's all in one of the podcasts and house like, come on. That's crazy. It's like, it's not crazy. It's like 101 odds. Let's bet it. Of course we didn't bet it. No, we didn't bet it. Oh, it was 40 to one today. Shoulda bet it Come in. I had a whole conspiracy bill outfit I was gonna wear that my daughter helped picked out. But I'm so depressed after the Tatum thing. I'm not, I'm not doing any props. I'm just playing black, Doing a cry on your, on your props. Yeah, I I'm not gonna wear the props, but this was just a hilarious outcome. I just, I couldn't believe it when they, when they leapt into the top four, first of all, who, who did the, who did it for ESPN, Kevin Na Gandhi, he screwed up.


He said Philly lost their pick and Philly hadn't, we hadn't even found out what was gonna happen. Me Christmas. And then Philly goes in there. So we have three people jump into there and it's Dallas, San Antonio, Philly. And then Charlotte was the only one that belonged. And it's just, we go to commercial and it's like, come on, Dallas isn't gonna win this. Come on. There's no way. There's no way this is gonna be the outcome. Stop it. Come on. What were you thinking as we got to the final four other than our buddy charts? Oh, well I was gonna say the g if you saw like a live satellite image, I'm sure there were just like fires that just sort of lit up all across the map during that commercial break. Oh God, I was, I noted in my, my notes are pretty funny here.


Well, at first I was just like, why is Zion repping the, the Pelicans and then Chicago? Well, when Dallas started to climb at, at like 10, I guess I noted it, I was like, whoa. I was like, even then I was, and then as they discontinued, you know, the wizards obviously plummet, the jazz plummet it remind what Nico has done here. It reminded me, hi. His ability to, you know, navigate is the, he heaviest quotes imaginable. The, for him to go from that to where we were tonight, it reminded me of my wife and I were on the interstate in like a torrential downpour one time. And this minivan lost control and hydroplaned and somehow miraculously avoided hitting another car. And the minivan we watched go up ahead of us and there happened to be a ramp for a tow truck on the side of the road.


And the minivan came to a complete stop unharmed on the ramp on the side of the road. And we were like, how the fuck it was like final destination. Yeah, that's the equivalent of what Nico just did. Like he somehow surv, did he survive? I I think we've opened up a whole, like there's a whole other slew of questions and options from here, but I mean it's just, it's bru. I mean I can't help but think of the, the fans that have, I don't know what is ethical. I don't, Rob tweeted out that there are no basketball gods and this is proof of it. And that's kind of how I'm feeling right now. I'm feeling, wow, I'm feeling the, Listen, this is the all time night for me to feel that way. Yeah, listen, they had 8.5% odds to move into the top four and 1.8 to win the thing.


So when we went in a commercial, I was like, all right, 8.5 makes sense. Charlotte had 14, Charlotte's probably gonna win. Dallas will get like two, three or four. I was more mad that Philly somehow got, you know, got their bacon saved and ended up staying in the top six. I think that was another thing, house for conspiracy Bill, they couldn't let OKC have the seventh pick in the draft. They had to maybe do something on that, but, well, I, I mean I I'll just interrupt you for a second. We this a a another miracle. Darrell Morrie and Nico Harrison both get rewarded. Two of the top three worst contract responsible for the worst outcomes in terms of their franchises Yeah. During the course of this season. And both it's just a, a miracle that both of them, you know, land where, where they land.


I mean JJKM had to use a real life miracle to make the, the analogy to the miracle that we witnessed. I like Yours over nba, over I like yours over text Joe. I don't know if you're willing to say it, but yours was pretty good. Well, I'll give you the, I'll give you the actual numbers. 0.014 for that top three to go the way it did, which I think, I think says it all. And Utah somehow falls to five and house stupid team, the wizards who were either one of the worst or second worst teams of the season and they fought a six and you can't make the shit up house. I, I mean I had the good fortune of going on with Kyle on the NBA draft show last week and he, he was very kind.


He said, let's, let's do a state of the Wizards. Within all reason, we think that they're going to get one of the top four picks, right? Like at the very outside, you know what pick, we didn't discuss under any circumstances whatsoever. The sixth fucking pick. We didn't talk about number six, You didn't talk about three teams jumping you. We, we, we didn't, we didn't because We were I guess four teams. Yeah, I thought we played the Karma game pretty wisely. I mean I, you know, we were conceding like, probably not the first let's talk about some of the lower guys, but I just studied conceive of this outcome house. I'm sorry man, really sorry. Well, 'cause it's, it's inconceivable really when it, when it comes down, Can we go through, can we go through some of the Dallas stuff?


Topic number one, did Dallas now win the trade? They traded Anthony Davis or they traded Luca Donit for Anthony Davis and Cooper Flag, if I presented that trade to you in January, we at least would've had a phone call about the house. Sure. Like it. I'm I'm not saying they intentionally won the trade, I'm just saying history the way it works out. Yeah. It's like history. Alright, if we're gonna trade Luca Don, we get Anthony Davis and Cooper Flag. Eh, It really, you know, just makes you really wonder because it was a no bid trade, right? It wasn't, he didn't go around and canvas the league. There's not a lot of evidence that other teams were consulted.


What would you be willing to give up for, for Luka Duck number, but a trade everybody Thought Was the fishies trade in the history of the league. But it happened and now it's paid up for Dallas Kyle Over cover Of Night Davis and Cooper flag for Luca Duch is in the realm of a fair basketball trade. Yeah, I I mean I don't bristle so much at that. Yeah. I'm just like, yeah, we, we have something for now and we have something in Cooper Flagg. Odds are he'll be ready to go sooner than later based on everything that we've seen. But you know, you can kind of bring him in. He Didn't seem happy. Didn't seem happy by the way. Yeah. Cooper, I didn't, I didn't Did you notice look on his face. Two things, two things. First of all, there's no way that Nico doesn't take Cooper, right? That would be the funniest thing he took eight eight Bailey.


Well he, he loves defense. Would that be the funniest thing? That would be the funniest thing. Now he's taking, but the second thing is Dallas isn't a great fit for a brand new pla like the o other only other young guy there timeline wise is lively. Right? Like they're super in transition. They don't have a point guard, they don't have a starting point guard right now Except tease Kyle j just make the 45 second case that how much better he is than the next possible prospect in the lottery. Like you have to take him, right? I Mean, yeah, the simplest way to put it is he's the most well-rounded prospect of my, I mean other than he's on a short list, I would say him and LeBron, I'm saying. But LeBron had the shooting issues. He had a lot of things to figure out though the highs are higher with some of the guys, you know, but it's just, Cooper is the most well-rounded prospect of my lifetime.


That's the simplest way to put it. And the other guy's in this spot. Wow. And he, He grew an inch And he and he has offensive upside to max out in some different areas and we just haven't seen a lot of guys like that. So I just, the big question for the Mavs for me is just what's nailed down. I mean they are they gonna just completely start over, you know, because it's like Kyrie's coming back what back, what is out of the realm of possibility for them in terms of what they could, what they could do to just to, you know, springboard off of this. Well, Well, and the other thing with him, he just turned 18. Like yeah, he grew, he grew 'cause he is just turned 18. I mean he is a young, young, young fellow, but go ahead, Right? He's still taking like the long naps and getting up at three in the three in the afternoon.


I think he can play right away next year and be good. So for what they're, what they're trying to do. The question for me now is could they flip gaffer or lively and try to get one more score and try to buy time and, and just be in the playoff picture and then hope that Kyrie can come back April range and be in really good shape. I do wonder there's two trades actually. There's three trades and I don't think they should trade flag. I think they should keep them. I'm just gonna gotta say That. Yeah, But would you, would you trade 'em to get Luca back would be the first trade? That would be the funniest outcome of all it, right? That's the funniest. No, that would be Hilarious. I, they'd have to throw contracts the funniest. But like what would the Lakers do if they called and said, Hey we want Luca back.


We'll give you Cooper flag and some contracts second. Now can I, I just, I'll do a quick Giannis thing. That story today, I don't know what the hell that story was about. Giannis is now open to discussions about maybe what can happen down the road in the, this summer and the season. Did he ask for a trade? No, He's actively open-minded. Bill. He have you never found Yourself in that? He's openminded about his future. Who the fuck is it? And by the way, he almost had asked for a trade two years ago. I would assume every player who's one of the best players in the league who hasn't made the conference finals in four years and who the second best player in his team just had a season ending injury and probably isn't playing next year, I would assume they're probably open-minded about some things about their future.


Did he ask for a trade? No. How is this a story? This is what I call the Monday news thump house. We had the Friday news dump, the Monday news, Open-minded, I'm dying Bump, let's start the news cycle on a Monday morning with a story. That's not really a story, but we get a whole day of conversation out of it. You Know, who was actively open-minded, Frank in know in white Lotus Rockwell? He was actively open minded. I was trying to think of a going for that drinks tonight. I'm telling you about how actively open-minded. I'm amazing. I'm Only laughing. Sorry I'm crying Of offense. Great job. Great job. Giannis. I like you could asked Nico before the lottery and he would've said he was actively open-minded about getting the number one pick.


It's just like, yeah, well just, Oh wait, so Giannis is open-minded about maybe some other alternatives than playing for a 43 and 39 team. Really? It's gonna take some time to think about that. Oh God. Anyway. If they tried to offer this pick for Giannis, which would be more on the Thailand, that timeline that Kyle May have mentioned. You said Thailand And put it In the paper for a white guy who looked like me, They'd have to match some contracts back. But Anthony Davis with Giannis, that's not nothing. And then the third thing is, and I don't think they should do this either, so I I vote no on the first two trades.


What would they have to throw in with the number two if you're San Antonio to move up one spot? Oh my God. Now it gets interesting. If you really, and again, I would not trade flag, but if San Antonio was like, we'll just flip spots and here's a whole bunch of stuff. Like they have a, a war chest of picks. I, I probably would include anyone except Castle and obviously one pajama. But, but I just wonder like, could Dallas like actually turn this into a real hall and you know, you, You didn't exclude the Aaron Fox, you putting him on the table. Well What am Make gonna do with him and Kyrie Kyrie's still in the team?


Kyrie ain't playing next year buddy. I know, I know. It's not The Aaron Fox could play Interesting to see if Kyrie's ever the same again. But I'm not gonna, I'm not ready to assume that at his age. You know, I just think the Mavs the Mavs are the more you think about the roster. They are gonna have some, they, they have some dissonance in the Gafford. I know there's kind of a, in the air, the, the Gafford lively ad like flag thing. Even if they did somehow get into the Giannis conversation, Giannis in ad's. Fun to think about. But do we, do we talk about the aging curve for Giannis enough though? He is 31 years old, he's a heavily downhill player. You know, the shooting Can't really shoot. Yeah. Is how is it, I love him to death, but I just wonder how his game is gonna age and you think you just start to think about trading him and what's, what's the upside?


How much time are you really gonna get? I don't know about, I don't know about punt And everything. Can ask a Cooper flag roster question. Yeah, Let's go. Could you play him at small forward? Yeah. Why not? Totally Agree. Think that's the, honestly the best spot rim to get an Nba. So they could try it out lively with Anthony Davis and Flag and that's their front line and he could guard, you know, perimeter scores, right? And get away with it. Flag. No. Why are you making gestures of, because I wanna hear Kyle's defense of Cooper's defense. I if he's going to play that shooting guard spot, you know, that small forward spot Larry Berg played it. He's out guarding, he's out guarding perimeter players in the modern NBA with the, with the, the slash ability of a lot of the modern NBA.


What's your, what's your honest assessment? Cop Jacoby and I were texting about this because he noticed that the one thing if you wanted to nitpick Cooper's defense is that he does bend at his back a little bit in his posture. He doesn't sit as low as some of, and it, but he is also a generationally special help defender. So the, and so if you think about having, my God, if you, if you just think about having ad and flag on the floor together, those are two of the best help. I mean those are two of the best space covering disruptive defenders of the last ever. I mean, on the same on the, another thing too is that flag is a really good lob thrower. So you're putting on the, you're putting another guy on the floor that can throw to, to ad. So those two things are interesting in terms of like guarding the bo I mean he can guard threes and fours.


I I don't see any Problem with that. Okay, okay. Okay. Also he can grow into it. Maybe he is like a 25 to 20 minutes. I, I listen, there's no centers. Everybody needs a center. And if they wanted to shop gaffer, I mean, ironically the Lakers are a team that could use the center. Maybe we could have a little gaffer. Austin Reeves trade finally. And the, the mask get thrown in more stuff. I oh, the last Alice thing House mentioned earlier, they made the playing game and won the lottery. They were in the playing game and won Cooper flag.


What if Memphis had just beaten them then they're the eight seed. Remember that game? I, I think how said I bet on Dallas. No, they, Memphis did beat them. That's what I'm saying. That's how they, that's how they ended UPT in the lottery. I bet. Did we bet on Dallas in that playing game? I can't remember now. We bet on Dallas definitely to beat Sacramento. But then I think I, I laid away 'cause the, the Memphis game was in Memphis and it was like a chance for, for Memphis to prove that the whole season wasn't a waste. So I think we decided to stay away.


This episode is brought to you by Michelob Ultra. What do I look forward to every NBA playoff season? Well, I'm always hoping the Celtics do well. I'm always hoping we have great storylines, great games, great matchups, great games sevens, I just hope for good basketball. But the NBA playoffs, they're even better with Michelob Belcher, the official beer partner of the BA plus. They're getting fans closer to the game with a chance to win courtside tickets and more. Enter now at michelob bocher.com/courtside. Michelob belcher's peer access Courtside 2024 to 25 sweepstakes no purchase necessary open to US residents. 21 ends on July 1st, 2020 fives periods. Visit mic low belcher.com/superior access slash courtside for free. Entry. Entry. Deadlines and official rules, message and data rates may apply void. Where prohibited.


This episode is brought to you by LinkedIn. Every basketball team that's still alive in the playoffs has one thing in common. Their key trades and signings throughout the season paid off giving each team the talent needed to make a run at the championship. With a small business, your success directly depends on the new talent you add to your team. And a great place to find that talent is LinkedIn. You know, hiring is a big deal for small businesses. Not only because small business are wearing so many hats, but also because every hire is crucial for a growing company. That's why LinkedIn pairs you with the best candidates using data you won't find anywhere else from unique skills and interests to the connections you have in common. LinkedIn also lets you go beyond candidates who are actively applying in a given week. 171 million LinkedIn members aren't actively seeking jobs, but they are open to new opportunities. That's a big pool to miss out on. So find your next great hire on LinkedIn. Post your job for free at LinkedIn dot com slash simmons. That's LinkedIn dot com slash simmons to post your job for free terms and conditions apply.


This episode is brought to you by Uber Eats. Summer is almost here and you can now get almost anything you need for your sunny days delivered Uber Eats. What do we mean by almost? Well you can't get a well groomed lawn delivered, but you can get chicken Parmesan delivered. A cabana. That's a no. A banana, that's a yes. A nice tan. Sorry. No, but a box fan. Happily yes. A day of sunshine. Nope. A box of fine wines. Yeah, Uber Eats can definitely get you that get almost, almost anything delivered with Uber Eats. Order Now, alcohol and select Markets product availability may vary by Region C app for details.


Well House did this earlier and I'm gonna do my version of, I'm not saying these lotteries were rigged, but if we ever found out 60 years later that a lottery was rigged, these would be my candidates. Here's my list number one, Patrick Ewing, New York Knicks, 1985 with the seven envelopes. And whether they froze the side of one of them, it's, it would've been the easiest one to Rigg, put it that way. Number two is the Kyrie Cleveland 2011 after LeBron went to Miami. Number three was the 2019. Thanks for trading Anthony Davis to the Lakers. Now here's Zion Williamson. Number four was thanks for buying the, the, the New Orleans basketball team.


Here's Young Anthony Davis as your prize. 2012, number five was the 2014 man LeBron just needs one more asset and he might go back to Cleveland. Ah, we'll give them number one pick. And then number six for me would be LeBron in Cleveland in 2003 sending him home back to Ohio home versus Senia to Memphis. So I'm not saying the NBA Bris the lots, I'm just saying if we ever found out 60 years from now that there was more than one shooter for JFK and there was one rigged lottery, those would be my my choices. Okay. The magic. The magic Getting Penny was pretty crazy.


Or getting Weber ultimately was pretty crazy percentage too, wasn't it? Wasn't it down there in the Yes. Was it like 4% or something crazy like that? But I don't know. But that's that, I mean that works against your argument I guess, right? Any, any freak sort of, you know, movement in the odds? Yeah, the against the arguments was how San Antonio just got Tim Duncan and Victor Wemo somehow. Right? Those would be the two. San Antonio and number two Kyle. So they're, they get lot. I mean there's so much basketball news today. The Nexter three one Tatum, God only knows how bad that injury was. We still don't know. Flag goes to Dallas. Nico Harrison I guess saves his job and yet buried in underneath all of this is, oh shit, I hope San Antonio doesn't get another awesome pick and they end up getting number two, which you think is gonna be Dylan Harper, right?


Yeah, yeah I do. I thought a lot about it. And you know, I think for them, if San Antonio does stay in the thinking that we were just talking about where they are, definitely they could play this a number of ways they could play this. Where they could potentially look at getting a bigger piece. Because we know Victor is ready to roll. I mean he's, he's he's ready. He has been ready sooner than we thought. You know, he's already on that defensive player of the year, you know, track they go and they get Deer and Fox to show their seriousness. Are they gonna make one more move? But I think taking Harper, if you look at it just in the right now, basketball sense I wrote in our mock draft that just went up, if you wanna Check that out and we're gonna talk about it more in The Ringer NBA draft show tomorrow. But he can play with Fox.


He can play, he can play with any, they can bring him along slowly because he has such great positional size. But I also think that he's, if they do choose to make a move, I think he's the best asset available. So he kind of serves both purposes because Harper isn't quite the flag level. You know, he's probably more on the Cade level of a number one pick type player. If, if, if Flag wasn't there. But I think he's the most attractive asset for if there's a team out there that is heartbroken, that wants to make a move, that wants to start over, let's say hypothetically just pulling the name outta the hat, Milwaukee a great square one starting point. I think Harper, you know, serves that purpose. So I think they can do both there. IWI don't think I would go any other direction than Harper there.


Hey, news just broke that Giannis is open-minded about barbecue tonight, active minded but would also consider Thai House. So did Frank House, would you, what, what needs to be in Giannis trade? If the number two pick is the prize of the trade to get Giannis, what else needs to be in there? Do I have to get Castle if I'm Milwaukee it number two and I have to get both. Am I good with number two and a bunch of picks? Does Devin Vasel have to be in that trade? Who else needs to be in it for you? The hard thing is like, what are you trying to tell your fans? Isn't it better to tell your fans?


We had an awesome run. Giannis was with us, the title that he delivered. We had a once in a generation, once in a lifetime player here. He was loyal. He hasn't done anything wrong. He committed, he extended, he extended, they tried to build a good team for him to compete. If he goes, I think It's better to go just be brutally bad. I just think it's better to start over as many picks as you can Get. But they don't have their own picks is the problem start. They have To get, start as many picks as they can. That's, that's what I'm saying. They need every pick that they can get and just jettison everybody. 'cause otherwise, you know, what's the point of 32 wins? Like what's the point of, you know, does, does Castle.


Is Castle and, and, and Harper on the same, basically the same timeline. Is that like a, a a, a good starting point? Does that like prime the pump a little bit for what a rehab rebuild looks like? You're still gonna be bad. I think if those are two. I mean the league Yeah, the threat, the the bar. The bar is such that I think there's still gonna be bad enough to to to pick and you know, I yeah, go get the picks. But if I'm, if I'm Milwaukee in this hypothetical scenario, yeah, I'm trying to get, I'm gonna try to get Vaal. I I'm trying to think, Johnson seems like he's gonna be expendable to whatever they're doing here. Well you need Contracts to put in for Giannis trade is part of the problem.


Yeah, if I'm San Antonio, good number Antonio, if I think Harper is gonna be this good weby iss, what is Weby like 21 so young. What, what kind of timetable am I in anyway? Like, and I'm the king of, hey, if you have somebody who's awesome, the timetable should start like pretty soon. But Weby iss still pretty young for, from a Har Harper standpoint, like your absolute ceiling on him, could he be the second best guy on the title team? Like is that the ceiling or would you say third best guy? I think he could be the second best. I mean if you think the big thing for him is the dribble pull up shooting. If he can shoot the ball off the dribble because he shot it pretty well off the catch in a really abysmal Rutgers offense.


Like I cannot emphasize enough how bad. So they just had the worst coach ever. Like how no, how do you have two top four Picks? It's, I think it's whenever, whenever I, I think there are a lot of factors that play. I think whenever you're a program that doesn't typically have those types of players, I just think they, they were top heavy in the, in what they could pay for. I think just the whole rest of the supporting cash just did, could not, their bigs were awful, their passing and it hurt b it hurt Bailey even more than it hurt Harper. But yeah, I think if he, if he can improve the dribble pull-up shooting, he gets downhill, he can pass. Tom Greenham, our show was talking about how he needs to pass with his right hand a little bit better. But you know, those are, those are nitpicks. I think he's gonna get there. But man, his his, his footwork in the paint is really, really exceptional.


Really, really special. Special. I mean he, he shot something like 72% at the rim on like really, really high vol. Those that's like, you know, big guy numbers. So you had for player comps, Ron Harper Little, like a little James Harden ish. There's like a for James Harden in there. I I didn't, I don't remember what I had in my, oh that was Danny. We, we've, we both allowed each other the liberty to make our pick. So he would have to explain his thinking on it. But I, I kind of, I mean my, my one that I was, that I had in, in my notebook is I said that he could thread a needle between Cade Cunningham and Jalen Bronson because his feet remind me of Jalen, but he's bigger. That sounds like James Harden.


He's bigger. Yeah. I mean he is not quite the natural passer that that James is, but yeah, his downhill stuff is exceptional. Yeah. Would've Been really good on the wizards. Sorry house. Sorry, What do you want? What do you want San Antonio to do? Just the long haul. Yeah, long haul. Just keep adding young pieces then you can maybe, maybe lower a free agent in two years. Yeah. Yeah. I think that's, ox Is a tremendous trade asset. Like I, you know, it's kind of stupid. They just acquired him and we're already, I'm already ready to trade him but I am ready to trade Him. Yeah, but how's their that was a wink, wink special though. What's that mean? We'll trade for you now and we'll give you a big contract in the summer or whatever. That's already a done A Deer and fox. Yeah, he, Harper and Fox can play together I think.


Yeah, yeah. Okay. Okay. Alright, good. Why not? I'm Here. I forget who, I forget who said this on my pod. I really apologize. I think it might have been Goldsberry. I can't remember about Fox playing with Saboni. Two lefties rolling off with the throwing the lav. Was that you Kyle man, somebody Said that. No, I think, I think Kirk said that. I remember, yeah, Sounds like a Goldsberry how weird it is to have a lefty driving left, but throwing LOBs to a lefty where it's like Now you have the Mbma and it just like makes more sense for the Lobsters Philadelphia number 3 0, 1 more thing on San Antonio. So we end up beefing up those two teams. We might've lost Jason Tatum tonight for a year.


Cleveland's completely self busted and the west just, we always have, we go in these phases where it seems like finally the West we're finally gonna get a league with a little more balance. And now the league feels more imbalanced than it's ever been. You know, I think like we're gonna have an Indiana and New York Eastern Conference finals potentially, unless the Celtics can miraculously come back, which I wouldn't necessarily bet on, but Now you look at like the two best guys in this draft that everybody feels the best about are both going to the west, combined with Lucas still there, et cetera, et cetera. All right, Philly, so I asked you to send me a mock draft, Kyle, of just the top six or seven and you had Ace Bailey going here to Philly, who is the most polarizing high draft prospect I can remember, people don't know what to make of this dude.


And I gotta admit I haven't done the full deep dive of him yet, but pretty unusual. One of those guys who could have 27 points, zero rebounds and zero assists. And that could just be his box score. Yeah, I mean, th this is one we can kind of your, I think your points that you've made about him are valid based on what Maury has liked in the past. I think there's a couple ways to think about this. If Philly, can we wait, we gotta say what those points were because I was texting them to you. Yeah, go ahead. Yeah, I was saying more Darrell loves fill the box score guys. Okay. He loves like the 18 points, eight rebounds, seven assists, three steals and Ace. Well, it's not the love Ace is kind of the opposite and, but Kyle, you had Ace going to the Sixers anyway, but I thought you had a good case for it.


Well, I mean if you're thinking about the Sixers and you, I'll, I'll throw this to some of you for, for you guys for how you feel about what they're gonna be thinking about. You know, are the, are they going to make a serious run at rebooting this in the short term? I mean you might as well in term. Well the, the MB thing's a whole other conversation, but I, I'm thinking of if you're going to run this back and try one more time, Bailey does fit with, with what they would be doing. 'cause their ball ha their, their touches are spoken for with Embi, with Paul George, with Maxie, with McCain. When he comes back, Bailey, you know, Bailey is a guy who, for people who haven't watched him, the most similar guy in terms of his shot diet is, is Michael Porter Jr.


And the fact that he makes a lot, he, he's a non has spin, spin Face, face. You both made bases. He's, he's a tough shot maker, you know, and I think, I think he's somebody and one of the, his, his efficiencies were hurt by what we were talking about before he can, he loves to, he's somebody that like at the end of the clock he can just make something out of nothing. So he has that, but he's also a pretty good athlete. There was a lot of, Zach and I were talking about his measurement coming in. There were people that thought he was six 10. I had heard that he was closer to six, eight and a quarter. It turns out that's kind of closer to what he is. But he's somebody, he's a supplementary kind of a guy, but he's long and explosive o off of one step so he can kind of block shots. But my thing that I was saying to you about Vijay, which is what you thought VJ absolutely could fit the bill in what you're talking about in terms of he could, he could turn it.


He's somebody that's not gonna be really role insistent early on. He's gonna be able to play off the ball. He's a crazy athlete. He measured really well, I think it's six foot five. I need to get the exact number. My, we needed Him to get to six foot five to be I think the third pick. Right? Because you were worried he was gonna basically be like a two guard. Yeah, I was worried. He, and we needed him to be a little bit bigger so he could guard basically every position. I was worried he was gonna be like a Ben Gordon type where it's like, oh he is a great athlete and it's like, ah, he is shitty. He's like six two and a half with it. Right. But no, he's, he measured Well my thing was I kind wondered about McCain Maxey and Edgecomb together. I, I just, the way that those guys play together, they're a little on the smaller side. All three of 'em are and when you're moving forward, but I, you know, I could honestly, that one, I could kind of go either way, but I thought Ace fit more into what they have right now and he and he could improve a lot over time.


My money would be on Edgecombe just feels like more of a darl pick. Hey, meanwhile house you, you're not getting either guy. That's a true story. Both of them are off the board by the time Wizard. Yeah, well because you know, the Sixers really earned it. You know, the Sixers really, you know, they, they, they have a vision with their franchise. They're, you know, in this development. This is my one question and I guess I'll go into the Philly message boards to get this. What's the track record for this iteration of the Philadelphia coaching staff in terms of development? Because either Ace or Newcomb tho those are both development players. They're not NBA ready in my humble opinion. They can come in and be on the floor, but they're not NBA competitive ready. So what is in the first place Philadelphia has to answer?


Who are we, what, what are we going to do this upcoming season? Are we gonna try and, you know, make a deep run in the playoffs? Or is this a transition year? And then question two, how are we gonna develop this kid that we're gonna get at number three? Or do you package three in Paul George and try to get somebody. Love that. Love that. There you go. That is, that's a Darrel Morey. It's like, hey, any interest in the last three years of Paul George's contract? But you also get the number three pick in the draft. Wait, come back and then, you know, I wish the was on the Zoom quick so I could throw out the Franz Wagner for Paul George in number three. Oh, that's not fair. That's, that's not fair. Not a not interesting trade. What about, I mean, Miami needs it more.


I don't know. Miami doesn't have any assets other than Van Have nothing. Miami has nothing. That's my favorite. When team, when people list the Giannis teams and they're like in Miami, it's like, where the fuck is Miami trading Miami? They're trading the amount of bio for Giannis and then he has, Giannis has nobody on his team. Yeah. Great. Couple more interesting, interesting things about Philly. Two GMs saved their jobs tonight, it feels like, because if that pick falls to seven, I, I don't think Darrell gets fired tomorrow, but I think he really needed that pick now. Now there's positive momentum in a whole bunch of different ways. And then Nico Harrison, obviously we were headed toward, you know, God only knows what, you know, we didn't talk about this with the Dallas piece.


I forgot to mention it. I know a lot of Mavs fans, I won't, I won't name two of them that have told me this, that after the Luca trade just did not wanna roof for the team anymore. Oh, you don't say that wasn't, That wasn't but literally on out. And then they got flag and they're like, I'm still out. Oh, I dunno if I believe that you got you that message tonight. I dunno if I believe that. I think that's just, I mean that's, that's, that's somebody being wounded. But I think there's a, I think they come back for flag. I, I just think, I think they Feel the way they're gonna go through the phase of mad at Nico for it, working out for him. Like I, I think we're gonna go through that phase and then they'll slowly be softened into sort of a, I don't know, a blissful nihilism or something.


I don't know. It, it just seems like it, like they, that's the reaction immediately, right? It's late night on, on the BS pod. Can I say that? He's the white fit. I mean you go from from Dirk to Luca to Cooper, you way this, there's a certain through line, a certain commonality there that suits, seems like it might suit the situation. The league is built around luck. You can make the worst trade recent history of professional sports and then it works out. You can be playing the best game, one of the best games of your career and all of a sudden be rolling around in a heap. Now I'm depressed again. I can't believe this Jason Tatum thing. I feel like I'm like one of those things where I'm in shock and it hasn't set in yet.


And then I'm gonna look back two hours from and be like, how did I do an hour long? YouTube live? It's called Shock. Yeah. Well, could Philly be good next year would be another question. You Said positive momentum, like the more we're talking about it, it's like, is it that positive If what houses? They Got McCain come, they got McCain and the number three pick coming back next year and then maybe keep your fingers crossed, who knows? And bead possibly sort of maybe No, let's set the over under for number of games he plays in the regular season. 2025. 2026. I'll set it at 35 and a half. How you, he's what? 31?


Does it matter? I don't know. 30, 31, 32. Whatever he is,


This episode is brought to you by Better Help. There's still a lot of stigma around mental health. Let's change that. This mental Health Awareness month. Let's encourage everyone to get support when they need it. And if you're not sure where to find that support, check out Better help with a network of over 30,000 licensed therapists. They can help you find the right fit. We're all better with help. Visit better help.com/ Bill Simmons to get 10% off your first month. That's better help HE p.com/ Bill Simmons.


This episode is brought to you by degree Original. Cool Rush deodorant. Remember last year people got really mad when Degree changed their cool rush formula. One dude even started a petition. What was up with that guy? Well, guess what? Degree listened. They admitted they messed up. They're bringing back the original cool rush cent. And thank God you've gotta love when a brand can own its mistakes. And it's in Walmart, target, and other stores right now for under $4. Grab some. Find out why it's been the number one men's into per Sprint for the last decade. By the way, you should put that on. Especially, we're about to hit the summer. It's getting sweaty in the summers, the original degree Cool. Rushes back and it smells like victory for all of us.


Charlotte ends up with the fourth pick and that's gonna be whoever a Phil doesn't take between Bailey and Edgecomb or is that, is there a Trade Johnson potential there? 31 by the way. You said 31. Oh, Charlotte's. Lemme pull up my own Fourth pick. Charlotte. They should just change their name. Yeah, well Fourth pick Charlotte. I had him take an Edgecomb because I thought that he was a nice, he's a nice balance between if they really are gonna lean in, I like that. And keep, keep the Brandon Miller Mello thing going. That's those two are Guy Big Wings who can handle and pass and, and, and dribble pull up. Shoot. I think they needed somebody to get downhill. They really need something to balance out that trio. And I, I think Edgecomb is a guy who is less usage insistent compared to those two guys.


I think he'll be happy to play the role that he'll play. So I I and also he's a, he's a lopp threat too. I don't think people understand. I compared him to the, the way he jumps. He's incredibly fast off of the floor outta how I Have you gotten even see Edgecomb yet? Just he is fucking Superman. You were encouraged me to do so, but I did. I I did, I did the work too. I Saved it because I thought we were gonna get one, two or three. I I was saving my edgecomb. I was like, oh, downside scenario. I don't want to jinx it. I don't wanna look at the guy who's gonna get taken forth. 'cause my team's not gonna get you. They're not gonna be drafting forth. But you know, there's so, no, I haven't Looked at him. There's there's no chance he can go second. Right. But you would just rule that out. Cross it off. It's not happening.


Anything's possible. I mean he Like do you think Harper has second locked up? Because I think, I, I think when teams work out Edgecomb and really look at the, it's just the kind of guy you need and the kind of guy you've needed in the NBA for 20 years. You know, he's A little, he's shape, they're roughly, they're a push in terms of their age. I I just think that Harper is just so much more advanced than him. Hmm. In terms of like his on ball creation and stuff like that. But the counter is, you know, vj VJ was a pretty good, if you watch him shoot the ball, he kind of looks like a, an athlete who has learned to shoot. It's not as natural. It's, but I'm not down.


He will get there. I mean, you see like OG has developed into a great shooter, but obviously ENT oranges on that. But I mean vj, I I still feel like Harper is a solid number two. The Spurs though. I mean, Who knows. Yeah. They'll that They always seem to kind of have their own board. And you, you talk to some of these teams. I've talked to teams who'd be like, you know, we had so and so number two and you just kind of bowl back by that you get re you can get a little drunk and misled by the, the public thinking that the public discourse is the same as the behind closed doors discourse. Yeah. And I, I think people would be a little shocked by how different it can be sometimes. Well, and then you have Con k nipple going to Utah at five. And I just wanna say he's my, he's my favorite in this draft.


Just 'cause I like him. 'cause he is a listener. So shout out to him. Hey, he listens to the show. Yeah, he listens. There's a picture of him reading my book when he is like eight years old. So he's my now my favorite part in the draft. 'cause I'm selfish. You Didn't tell me that. Did you know that from the beginning when you said said, I only found it out last week. 'cause I kept talking about how much I liked him because remember I, I kept saying that I thought he was gonna go first spots too late. But now it seems like he's not gonna go five spots too late. You think he's gonna go in the top seven? Yeah, I mean, he's an awesome player and I think he's gonna, he's gonna do both. He has great size. He can, they need passing and they need shooting and he is gonna be a great fit in that in that sense. Like he's gonna immediate has he in On him? Yeah, I'm super in on him.


He he can play basketball. He's a hooper. He, he, he's a hooper. I love that. He's always trying to get to the paint. He's not like Dilly Dion out here. Let me see. No man's going downhill. He is trying to get to the paint. He's welcoming the contact. He's got that big body 6 7 2 20. That's a baller. And you know, his, his instincts in terms of offensive rebounding. I don't know what the numbers are. I, I'd let Kyle share. I just felt like he was always around the basket when Duke needed, you know, a hand on a ball, a tip, something like that. Big KK fan that Leads us to the Wizzard.


The number six would back out. Oh, I was gonna say Kniple, I wanted to add this on there. 49% on Spot Up looks this year and 39% on offscreen. Yeah, he's a, he's a dynamic shooter. And how Old is he? Is he, what's what's the age for him? K's almost 20. Yeah, but it can vary a lot. That makes it, this Is a picture of him reading my book. We're on it. That's amazing. Yeah. Let, let's get Utah to send us. I'm gonna have Him on. I gotta have 'em on, right. Well listen, I want, I want a Kniple jersey. Get Utah to send us the kn Nipple jersey. He's my favorite player. It's a picture of him as a kid reading my book. That's all I need. I don't need any, any other, any other data. And I can corroborate Bill texted well, before he got that News.


I did. I just, you you could just tell, you know, my certain, the the people who are always moving without the ball are additive. Those are always the guys I'm gonna be drawn to. That's right. That's so Number six. Yeah, yeah, yeah. All right. House didn't seem to like this, but I was thinking, I think there could be some serious movement. I think there could be. I I like the hypothetical of what they could add here because sar is this, hypo is hypothetical. There's that word again. Take a drink, stretch big. He obviously is not super comfortable around the basket yet. Playing with force. That's been an issue. Are you, are you waiting for me to call on you? Your hands up? No, I, I'm waiting 'cause I am going to surprise you. Okay. So please, okay. Please complete your thought.


I think they have a chance here. Now that you've fallen, you can really lean into an identity of just being gigantic. I think that if you put ma watch next to Sar, next to Kula Bali, that already is a crazy young, huge front core. But also at six, I could see like Atlanta really needs a guy like Malo watch. I could see them, I could see somebody reaching up if they who needs an anchor. Like they, they're one example. I haven't heard a ton of buzz about that, but that's, that's one just kind of hypothetical idea that I, that I was thinking about for the, for the Wiz lean into being huge. I fucking love Mylo Watch. Not only do I love him, this is an honest, honest to God truth.


I tried to make the case for him during the NCAA tournament because of how impactful he was controlling the defensive boards and his shop blocking early in the tournament. I tried to convince my guys on East Coast bias to join me on like a, I think it was like 175 to one for him to win a most outstanding player in the final four. Because the way that he can control the, the on on defense, the impactfulness, I think it's an incredible fit. He's exactly on the timeline that these young guys are on. They're all basically the same age, between 18 and a half and 20 and a half at best. Yeah. And he, they, what they are missing is indeed a defensive presence.


A low post shot block, a rim protector. Caar wants to be out on the perimeter and that's fine. His feet are good. He can go out and defend threes and fours a little bit and cool Bali. You know, if he, if he just needs, he needs a little more ass on him. I might have to take him out eating here in DC I got some spots for him. Content. There we go. Need some calories for the man. Yeah. But I think, but isn't the Whole point of sa is like he, he is basically could be Sir Jabba, right? So you can, you can play those two together. Absolutely. You can. Yes. And yeah, it's just, I don't think he gets past six. I'd be surprised. I'm, and I'm bull on him and I, I've done admittedly not nearly enough work on this draft yet, but it felt, it felt like the Five guys and then I would throw in, I think Trey Johnson's gonna go, I, I I think you probably have K Nipple two spots too high.


I think I'd be surprised if he goes top five. 'cause I think Trey Johnson will be the other one that rises up. And I think teams will, and I say this having the most K Nipple stock, as we get close to the draft, he's the type of guy teams start talking themselves out of, because they go to the combines and they're like, oh man, this guy jumped 43 inches. Oh, now have I have them fifth Start, start looking at those spreadsheets and Talking to yourself into things. Yeah. There's gonna be two guys that climb. Right. And so K Nipple will probably be in that seven to nine range would be my guess. Which by the way, some, some decent teams in there including New Orleans. Poor Brooklyn by the way. Not poor Brooklyn because they, it was all self-inflicted. But you know, they, they, they were trying to tank more than anybody.


Their coach was Dennis Schroder. They had these guys winning games early. They had, they had to get rid of guys, dump guys and then ended up kind of in the vicinity of everybody else. And now they're eight, so not awesome. And then the other one was Houston, I guess that had a, you know, had, was having dreams of maybe climbing up in the top four but was not able to do that. All right. House. So it seems like we figured out who you wanna draft. I love, I love it. You want the sub two guy. Yes. Out of all the possibilities that that would help soothe some of these wounds, he did suggest that we draw a butt hole for the Guide though. I just think people should know that. I don't know how Well no, no, it wasn't with respect to any particular player that may be there.


Your, you just, my suggestion was there was an artistic rendering for sort of each player and my recommendation to Kyle was for six, for Washington, for, for them falling there. Just take, do a pencil etching of my butt hole. Just put that in there. You don't need a, the face of any, any player There. I don't want the reference image for that. So I, you know, I don't know. No, I Frank from White. Lotus gets it. Frank gets It angry. Bill, is this a normal thing? Is angry how he's gets inre, the graph of of Joe being angry and his funniness, the lines just kind of go side by side. The Gets the Funnier. Well, yeah, if you're doing the house formula, there's probably some cocktails. Were there cocktails from That house? Yeah, man, it's my birthday. It's for another 45 minutes, Bro.


Your birthday was today. I should probably have known that since we've been friends since 1988. We're old man. We we were good middle aged. We don't be counting. Listen, We made it to another birthday House. I know. It's another excuse. Go grab, grab a couple drinks, I'll tell you that much. And I did have a couple and then it and then I, then I doubled when, when I saw that we fell the six. But we're in good shape For birthday president, the Adam Silver delivered the number six pick to house You Did. Pencil etching of my butt hole. All right, we're gonna pack it in. Thanks for, thanks for joining me. Don't forget, I'm gonna be on Zach Lowe's podcast tomorrow. He's gonna talk about behind the scenes. He said it was pretty crazy as people were realizing what was happening with the balls. So I'll be on there tomorrow.


Great. Thanks to Gaal. Thanks to Eduardo as well. I really hope by some sort of miracle, Jason Tatum. It wasn't as bad as it seemed, but I guess we will find out tomorrow morning. Thanks to everybody who stayed on the YouTube stream as well. See you next time. Must be 21 plus in President select states for Kansas and affiliation with Kansas Star Casino, or 18 plus in president dc. Gambling problem, call 100 GAMBLER. Visit rg help.com. Call 1 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org/chat in Connecticut.


Or visit md gambling help.org in Maryland. Hope is here. Visit gambling helpline ma.org or call 803 2 7 50 50 for twenty four seven. Support Massachusetts. Or call 1 8 7 7 8 Hope NY or Text HOPE NY in New York.


This episode is brought to you by Michelob Ultra. What do I look forward to every NBA playoff season? Well, I'm always hoping the Celtics do well. I'm always hoping we have great storylines, great games, great matchups, great games sevens, I just hope for good basketball. But the NBA playoffs, they're even better with Michelob Bocher, the official beer partner of the nba. Plus they're getting fans closer to the game with a chance to win courtside tickets and more. Enter now at michelob bocher.com/courtside. Michelob Belcher superior access Courtside 2024 to 25 sweepstakes, no purchase necessary. Open to US residents. 21 or older ends on July 1st, 2025, multiple entry periods. Visit michelob belcher.com/superior access slash courtside for free. Entry. Entry. Deadlines and official rules, message and data rates may apply void. Where prohibited.


This episode is brought to you by LinkedIn. Every basketball team that's still alive in the playoffs has one thing in common. Their key trades and signings throughout the season paid off giving each team the talent needed to make a run at the championship. With a small business, your success directly depends on the new talent you add to your team. And a great place to find that talent is LinkedIn. You know, hiring is a big deal for small businesses, not only because small businesses are wearing so many hats, but also because every hire is crucial for a growing company. That's why LinkedIn pairs you with the best candidates using data you won't find anywhere else from unique skills and interests to the connections you have in common. LinkedIn also lets you go beyond candidates who are actively applying in a given week. 171 million LinkedIn members aren't actively seeking jobs, but they are open to new opportunities. That's a big pool to miss out on. So find your next great hire on LinkedIn. Post your job for free at LinkedIn dot com slash simmons. That's LinkedIn dot com slash simmons to post your job for free terms and conditions apply.