
Join me, Danny Kelly, along with Danny Heifetz and Craig Rebeck. Every week on The Ringer Fantasy Football Show. As we prepare for the 2024 fantasy football season, we'll cover all the biggest news and topics across the league, as well as whatever weird topics our listeners email us about. That's The Ringer Fantasy Football Show on Spotify.


This episode is brought to you by State Farm. State Farm helps you score an affordable price when you choose to bundle home and auto insurance with the personal price plan bundling home and auto. That's a pro move. Just another way you can save on your insurance needs. Talk to a State Farm agent today to learn how you can bundle and save with the personal price plan like a good neighbor. State Farm is there. Prices are based on rating plans that vary by state coverage. Options are selected by the customer availability. Amount of discounts and savings and eligibility vary by state.


This episode is brought to you by SimpliSafe. Stop worrying over the safety of your loved ones at home. Get all the protection you need with SimpliSafe. I have it. I love it. It gives you so much peace of mind. 24 7 professional monitoring agents that respond super fast, no contracts. There's a million things to tout. Protect your home today. Get 20% off any new SimpliSafe system when you sign up for Fast Protect monitoring at SimpliSafe dot com slash bs. That is SimpliSafe with two is SimpliSafe dot com slash bs. There's no safe like SimpliSafe.


We're also brought to by The Ringer. Podcast Network.


And we are sponsored by FanDuel Sportsbook where I'm going to put up a boost for the gold medal game, which fortunately for us is going to include the United States of America. Holy mackerel. What a barn and burner. Initially it was just gonna be me and Joe House talking about the USA Serbia game and then talking Anthony de Buno about NFL futures. But the game was so good that we had to bring in Rob Mahoney. Holy mackerel. What a day for America. What a day for international basketball and all time. We're gonna break all of it down next first.


Our friends from Pearl Chip. Alright. Taping this 2:00 PM Pacific Time on a Thursday. Initially I thought this was gonna be me and my buddy house. We're just gonna talk about the USA blowout win over Serbia and then bring in the buno to talk football. And then all of a sudden it became a game we had to bring in Mahoney. Wow. He's here as well.


I don't know where to start, but it really felt like they were gonna lose this game at one point. And the team USA has these every four years that happened in oh eight against Spain. It happened in 12 against Spain. Spain. It happened in 16 I think in the semifinals. But it, you always know there's one of these coming. I thought it was gonna be France in France Saturday with the crowd and all that stuff. But yoga Jim Banovich had other ideas. Mahoney, where do you wanna start? Do you wanna go in beads? Maybe greatest moment. Yeah. In his basketball career. Do you wanna go the Steph Curry moment that we talked about literally two days ago? Like whoa, we know it's in there, but will we see it?


Or do you wanna talk LeBron big boy game, just putting on the biceps in the chest and just ripping through Serbia. You pick what topic. I think we not be able to merge the latter two, right? The the lions of team USA have fully arrived. We got the step game we've been waiting for, as you said, and Jesus Christ did. Team USA need it honestly, for as much as we've been talking about, you know, the oh eight team or the 92 team, all these like cross Olympic comparisons or team USA, a lot of this game felt a lot like oh four where USA was getting destroyed, trying to guard, pick and roll completely flummoxed by a zone and settling open for a lot of shots. Giving yeah, like, just awful, awful execution in ways that feel very familiar for underperforming American teams pass.


And a weird coaching too. It just a lot of lineups and a lot of subs. And it was like that he never stuck with five guys for more than like, it felt like 90 seconds. Yeah. But the one through line was Steph was on fire and was the only reason they even had a chance to come back in this game at all House. What's your big takeaway from that? Are you feeling patriotic? Were you thinking about France 15 to one bet at any point and thinking about rooting for yo, were you waiting for somebody to step up on Team USA and then it happened? What, what? Walk me through your second half. Well, in the first place, I'm exhausted. I, I need a, not just one cigarette, but two, because I'm all fucked up from that one that they, they put me through The Ringer.


I will say from a narrative standpoint, how, how beautiful that you get Steph and LeBron and kd, right? KD came out, looked like a clunker, but started making the biggest of big buckets in the second half. And this team, we all knew you guys talked about, it was susceptible to somebody coming in and reigning threes on them. And the, the challenge is that communication out on the perimeter, they just switched terribly for three quarters of the game. Now the boys from Serbia were lighting the basket on fire. They finished under 40% from three because they didn't make any in the fourth quarter and they didn't make any in the fourth quarter because when it's winning time and you're on the biggest stage, everybody you know, gets a little bit the tiniest bit.


'cause a couple of those looks were wide open for the Serbians. Right. I'm so glad you brought that up. They were, 'cause I was was taking notes as the game was going along. It was 76 to 61 I think. And, and there was a four point by G remember? And, and it just looked bleak. But at the end of the third quarter they were 15 for 29 from three they ended 15 for 39. Oh for 10 from three. What's so the, I love Olympic basketball so much for the moments because the hierarchy, the way, and we'll talk about Tatum later, who got the DMP but the hierarchy and who the three or four guys are. I talked about this before the tournament and it just felt like they were giving LeBron the car keys.


So he was clearly one. And you knew Curry was gonna be out there because of the trust with cur. And then the question was, who was the third guy? And Mbbi looked outta shape in the, in the little, the exhibition games. And it just didn't seem like he was gonna be reliable. And I thought it was gonna be Davis who was gonna be the third guy. But man Mbbi had, I think my favorite stretch of basketball he's ever played. And if you're gonna make the case for Philadelphia to be a 2025 title team, it's like, does this guy have this in him? And I honestly wasn't sure, I think this was the happiest I've ever been after an Mbbi game. Mahoney, I know he is done it in regular season spots. He's done it in earlier in the playoff series type of spots.


But I feel like he needed what happened today more than anyone else on the team. It also seemed like the most emotional and emotive he's ever been. Right? He was into this game. He wanted those moments so badly. I've never seen him react the way he reacted when he walled up Yoic in the post and forced to travel, got the fast forced, forced to turnover hu Monster play. And the fact that so much of the offense was running through him down the stretch is a mystifying thing, given the way that these Olympics have started for him, given the way he's played in so many of these games. But you're right that when these moments come, the ball kind of finds its place and it found it, it found itself in the hands of LeBron more often than not. He was dictating a lot of the action and with him beat in the middle of the floor, attacking, finding little pockets, getting to his pull-up jumper, all the stuff that won him the MVP and makes him such a dominant NBA player, but that we haven't seen for the last two and a half weeks.


Yeah. And so for all of that to finally come together for him, and it wasn't a perfect game. He was certainly as guilty as anyone as far as why USA was in the hole to begin with. Like what he wasn't doing defensively in terms of stepping up to the level was a problem. Him giving up defensive rebounds down the stretch or what were offensive rebounds for Serbia, huge issue. But he also came up with every huge fucking bucket when they needed it. Right. And that's, that's all you can really ask of a guy like that. Yeah. I wrote down 78, 67, 8 minutes left. Yoic got a layup. Yoic is doing all the tricks at this point and he wasn't shooting that great, but he's doing his little inbounds trick where it's like the ball's bouncing for three, four seconds. He's throwing it to the ref to buy two, three more seconds.


And it was just, he felt like the cages guy on the floor and it felt like USA was moving toward a little hero ball where it was like, okay, are do, do I have to do it? And I, I was thinking they were gonna lose and LeBron was just gonna go into, I'll decide this either way and miss some threes. And they're, and that was it. There's a six point play with seven minutes left where Katie hits the three yo either pushes ad into KD or ad pulls himself with Yage. Hard to say what happened. And also amazing that KD didn't like have a season ending injury because he had a guy falling into his knees to a shooting, makes the three fourth foul on Yage and then the USA gets the ball back and Booker hits the three.


And we went from 78 to 67 to 78 to 73. And now it's like, oh, okay, here we go. This is, this is what we're doing. But the bead part you're talking about scored seven straight, had a huge block and got it to 84 82 leading to the LeBron lefty layup house. What did, what did you see? Because I, I agree with Rob. There were some deficiencies there with the defensive rebounding. They were definitely attacking him and Steph in the first half. But on the other hand it was the most engaged two-way. I wanna be the dominant guy. Embi and I, I'm sure Yoic was a piece of it. He's playing with LeBron and dudes like that. But man, I I, I kind of needed to see that from him.


Where'd you stand? I I'm over the top glass half full on, on everything I saw out of mbi. You know, when, when he did the up and under the up fake Yeah. Joker bit and then he went right to the hole. He got the flush, he landed, he rolled over and I, you know, I put on the Twitter machine that, that to me was like the most impressive bucket of his entire basketball career because I, I mean yes hyperbole yes. Prisoner of the moment, but name me another game that Joel and Beads played in with higher stakes. The stakes were at the highest, It's two game game sevens against Toronto in 2019.


Yes. And then The Celtics game seven and against in Boston when, when they just got smacked and then the Atlanta game when Ben Simmons murdered them. Those were the three biggest games he's ever played. And and he's going up against the joker. Yeah. His MVP foil. I mean, I wish this game was, was 80 minutes. I I enjoyed it. I wish we had four 20 minutes. Quarters. That's how much I was enjoying it. But he was up to the task. He deserved to be on the floor for that last seven minutes. Right. He was a full on badass. There was no question about it. And, and kudos to Kerr for falling on his ass and finding out a desperation, the right lineup at the end of the game for Christ's sakes. Well, so we talked, Mahoney and I talked about what the best lineups that we had seen were and this curry, it was basically Curry, drew, Booker, LeBron and ad.


And then in the last two minutes they took Drew out, put KD in for him. And that turned out to be the lineups. I dunno if we mentioned that lineup, Mahoney, when we talked about lineups we liked the most because, 'cause I think Kurt really wanted the defense. Yes. But a couple issues happened Edwards, who I think we all love the, the moment seemed a little big for him today. Yeah. And he missed wide open shots and he was turning the ball over and I think what they thought they were gonna get from him in this game, it just wasn't there. And I think by the second half they realize that, which I, I think is a, a good thing that he realized it. Right. Right. I I I was a little worried coming into the Olympics with Ant, is he gonna try to take a moment that isn't his, is he gonna try to rise to the occasion?


Because we know the confidence is there. We know the game is generally there. He just didn't quite have it in this one. And this is exactly the sort of weird, atypical defensive look that gave him trouble in the playoffs too. You know, slightly different NBA zone in that situation. But you could see him passing it up to K trying to get the ball out of his hands, find his spot on the wing and let these other guys go to work. Yeah. And then, and then the KD piece of it, 'cause he didn't really get going either, but that the game was so disjointed in the first half, but 93, 91 under 40 seconds left. Joker has a quick two USA needs a bucket. And it, and it's so funny how this happens in the Olympics and I remember this happened in 2008 when they're all looking at each other.


Then Kobe's like, I got this guys, it's kind of who's gonna step up? And K had the ball at the top 28 feet away and somebody's gonna send him pick and he's waving the dude off. He's like, I'm fucking Kevin Durant. I'm one of the best 16 players of all time of the best scoring for whatever And, guess what I'm gonna score on this dude right now and puts up a 20 footer. So it's funny he wasn't the three stars of the game, but in a lot of ways it was one of the great KD moments. Like he has those two threes against Cleveland and, and 17 and 18. He's had obviously a million great moments over his career. The foot on his line shot against, against Brooklyn that could have won them the series and misses by six inches. But I'm always gonna remember that one house that was, I will put on the big boy pants for us right now jumper.


And it wasn't an easy one, it was a 20 foot over a hand in his face. Well You again, if you are a narrative lover, it makes sense. 'cause he just jumped over Lisa Leslie for the all time Olympic score for the United States team. So like, if you're just wanting to put a bow on the KD Olympic legacy, that shot made a whole lot of sense. And I really just reveled in seeing LeBron and, and Curry and Katie's second half. 'cause man, it took, it took a while for him to get cooking. I was nervous. I I'm glad I didn't fire off anything to you guys about Goddammit, get KD outta there because I was certainly feeling that way. I was feeling it, but I, I resisted the urge and, and by God he came through.


'cause it's, he is, he is our Olympic hero. Well the other thing, Mahoney, so I'm, I'm watching the game. My wife does the classic comes home with three minutes left, which is just been a staple of our 26 years together. Comes Home, has a story to tell me and I'm kind of like, Hey, hold on. I gotta do a podcast after. But I was trying, I've learned over the years how to manage that one. And she's like, oh, I didn't realize. And so she sits down knowing nothing. First question was why is this so close? And she hasn't watched one minute of Olympic basketball, but she watches the rest of the game and she's going, wow, this is so cool that all these guys are out there together. And it was like, I was like, that's gonna be the best point of my podcast because we forget, we've been immersed in Olympic basketball for weeks.


But ultimately it's like, hey, you know what's fucking cool, Katie and Curry and LeBron and, and Embi and you know, some of the best guys in the league all out there at the exact same time. Yeah. Joker for Christ's sake. Yeah. And absolutely going against Joker and a bunch of Serbians who were like out of their mind could not have been more excited to be there. And every big, every big play down the stretch that team USA made, it's not just one of those stars making it, but another one enabling it. It's curry curling around in a beat screen for a go ahead. Three, when LeBron hit that lefty layup to go ahead, it was because KD brought the ball up and you could see in his eyes he wanted that left wing pull up three so bad. And the timing just was a little bit off and he bailed and kicked it to LeBron and set up that play.


Ev there's a precursor for all those where one of these stars is helping the other one, which means guess what? You're playing like an actual basketball team. Yeah. Well and then the curry piece. So, good Lord, on the one hand you could say he kept him in there. On the other hand, he was part of the defensive disaster that was happening in the first half, but he was hitting shots and the swagger came back, which we have just not seen. And I made a joke near the end of the Tuesday podcast about Lori Markin decided to reject the gold state co trade. And Mahoney was like, oh, too soon. Like he, he, he reacted like it was like some terrible cross response. Yeah, you really did. It was like I had punched you. But that was, that was the old school curry.


And what was really cool, he was flying around. I mean this was like old school, 14, 15, 16 era curry where it, when he's going so fast, it feels like he is kind of levitated above. So you had that piece. I I I what did he have eight threes, 36 points, Nine threes. But here's the important thing to your point, the point you just made eight rebounds. The dude was flying around, he was around the basket. Yeah. That was the key. It was, he was huge. And with that said, we've praised Curry and Embi. I think LeBron was the MVP of this game. Oh, You like the triple double? I like the triple double. And there was a couple big boy moments here where he was just like, I've been doing this for 20 years.


I know how these games go. I'm going to the basket. I'm going as hard as I possibly can. I'm one of the greatest athletes of all time. I'll probably be able to pull up a layup, I might be able to get fouled, but I'm just gonna, this two decade process I've had of good things happen when I just attack, there was no hesitation at all. There was like serene, supreme, serene confidence and you know, I've been in the camp of like, I don't know if he's one of the top 10 players in the world anymore. I don't, I don't think from, we're talking from an NBA standpoint. He's hurt, you know, 20 games of the season. His team hasn't succeeded though. And then there's the other side was like, no, he's definitely still one of the five best guys.


Like what are you saying? You're crazy. This was an absolute resume statement of like throw out the playoff results the last two years, this is still one of the guys. What'd you see Mahoney? Well, as far as big boy moments go, the biggest of boy moments is LeBron basically saying down the stretch, I'm guarding Nicole Yoic. Right? Like he wa he was the one in the post battling him, fighting him off spots and they were doing a lot of that so they could switch more pick and roll action and And using Zibi as a rover and all That stuff. Totally. Yeah. And and that's the reason that works is 'cause LeBron is up for that challenge. It's just, I I hear your point about where he's in the NBA hierarchy. I think it's totally fair to think of him as someone kind of on the borderline of that top 10 range in terms of what he can produce, right.


In terms of the actual offense that he himself generates. But in a moment, And he's been, and he's been two 13 all NBAs in a row. Like there there's just anecdotal evidence. Yes. Like, hey, it's maybe not there anymore. Age injury, the way he needs to pace himself in the regular season a little bit. What he is on defense in some regular season games. Those are all valid parts of his resume at this point. But in terms of control in these moments and who you want dictating terms, he's still that guy. He's, he's still, if not the number one option, you know, YOIC certainly is as good at that as anybody. He has to be up there with everybody. Like he, he is so incredible at understanding the stakes of every possession in close games and understanding exactly where the ball needs to go.


And not every star can do that. Even, even the most like transit, like transcendent athletes can't always find that exact happy medium that he seems to Yeah, it's the Gladwell 10,000 hours house. I when he was going against Yogi and there had been some bad blood with, I don't know what Bogdanovich was so mad about because the announcers were like, he's yelling at Carmelo again. And it was like, could you guys give us like some context what's happening? Because Bogdanovich is the maddest guy in the entire Olympics. Even more mad than the guy who hit his dick on the pole vote and ended ended up knocking the pole vote thing off. It might Work okay out for him. Yeah, Yeah. Long term. That guy's doing great, great dumb job. But when LeBron was batting with Yoic, I was like, man, it would be really fun here if if this got even a little more heated.


You know, 'cause Yoic has won three MVPs in four years. He's beat LeBron two years in a row. And I was like, is this, how far is this gonna escalate? Poor Yoic is going against, he's got LeBron guarding him, he's also Embi. Oh. And then we're gonna throw Davis and we're gonna throw ba at you. It's like, I like talk about the all time gauntlet. He missed some threes. His threes just haven't been here in the Olympics. It's been that and teams are giving them to him. But I, you know, it was fun to watch him watch him battle. What'd you see from LeBron house? Well, I mean we did say at the outset of the tournament that there's a reason he was leading the odds to win MVP of this tournament. Yeah.


I like that investment that we made there. I I hope a lot of, well now that's, that's, that's almost a lock. He'd have to be, he'd have to go what, over 15 in the gold medal game to not get that. Yeah. I, I mean I don't know what the circumstances would be, but the, the, the most impressive thing is the, the age. Like, you know, you said 10,000 hours, the homies at 200,000 hours. I mean Right. He's the, the greatest lifetime performer in the, the game of basketball has ever seen. He is unparalleled and still his, the two things to me that jumped off were the combination of basketball, IQ and poise, both of which translated into like, we're not losing, we're not gonna lose, I'm not gonna permit us to lose.


And I will say that I, sitting and watching at n no point felt like we were going to lose. Now Sometimes. Oh, I see. I I felt eight minutes left. I genuinely thought they were gonna lose. Yeah. I felt like it was falling apart. Well I was in the live biting markets looking lustily at a lot of the plus odds for the US and I What were the odds were A were they Plus when they were down 11 eight, Mid left. Oh, they were, they were down plus two 30. Yeah, you could get, you could get plus two 30. I I'm too slow. I have fat fingers so I only got plus 2 0 5 at one point in there. Wow. But yeah, the, the, you know, the, the, the thing is ultimately Serbia all credit to them.


They're like one guy short, which is not a knock, you know? Right. I mean they were, they were there for 37 of the 40 minutes and then the US did what it did with the depth of, of talent and took care of it right at the end. Yeah. I was gonna get mad at the Serbia coach 'cause they ran outta timeouts. 'cause I wanted them to call timeout and they didn't have any timeouts. But I also, I thought when they called all the timeouts were the right spots for the timeouts. You just don't necessarily get enough of them. One point on LeBron, I was thinking, you know, you go back to where he was in oh eight and oh nine and 2010 and 2011, which feels like a fucking lifetime ago. Like we, we hadn't even started, we started Grantland during the 2011 finals.


Right. Which was like the lowest moment of his career. And some of the raps with him at the time were, you know, when it, when it comes to nut crunch time, you can really see him feeling it. He's not strong enough. He loses command of what to do in big moments. And not only is all that stuff gone, but now, now it's flipped in the complete opposite way where he's hit that same point that Kobe definitely hit in oh eight in the Olympics. Jordan obviously was always there in the nineties. KD you can feel it at least offensively. But these certain guys where you're just like, we're probably gonna lose unless, and it's like you start looking around and it's like, who, who do you completely trust?


Who do we feel good here? And I just can't believe LeBron still has that in him and H 40 it's, it's un it's now into that Brady mid 2000 tens kind of like, how is this still happening? This doesn't make like Brady not to compare it to Brady coming back from 28 to three against Atlanta, but there was a moment there where was like, how is he still doing this? And then he wins the Super Bowl with Tampa. You're like, how the fuck is this still happening? This shouldn't happen for basketball players. No, what LeBron's doing, like he, you shouldn't be able to go coast to coast with the same kind of speed you had 14, 15 years ago. But that his athletic ability at age 40 was one of the reasons they won the game. It wasn't just the smarts. Like he big boyed these guys And you know, he doesn't have the top of the square vertical that he used to have.


He doesn't have necessarily the end-to-end breakneck speed, but body control, coordination, all the stuff that leads you to go from a dead sprint into a soft ass finger roll. He has all those things still. He has, he has all of that at his command. It's, it's incredible to watch him at this point. I I love watching him with this team and I'm glad we got this moment with real stakes. I, I'm glad House, you may have been confident. I was Googling like, how do I get s Serbian citizenship? Like I, I'm, I'm ready to flip. I thought this thing was done. And so to watch, even, even in, even with being as confident in LeBron's abilities as I am, I didn't know that he and these guys had quite this in them to come back from that kind of deficit when they just hadn't played well all game and they found it exactly when they needed to House.


I, I was 90% rooting for USA, having a heart attack. 3% thinking about our France bet. Just 'cause on the 20 year anniversary of us winning Argentina 10 to one. I just, I, you know, couldn't help but think about that. And then my love for Yoic, who's my favorite non Celtic other than Curry. It was weird. Yoic won the curry head-to-head battle for non Celtics. I love the most for Your heart. I just, I just love Yoic and I, I, he made a couple play when they, he's just being double triple team. They're just beating the shit out of him and he's doing like yoic stuff and getting shots off. I was like, man, if this guy pulls this off, this would be just incredible.


Him beating him, beating this team with Bog Donovan mic, who's like Charlotte's 13th man and then a bunch of guys I've never heard of. And they're gonna beat what I think is the most talented Olympic team we've had in 32 years. Anyway, let's take a break. There's more topics to discuss here.


This episode is brought to you by Michelob ULTRA. Michelob ULTRA good for many things. Camping barbecues cheering on your favorite team. Hanging out on a nice summer night, which I just did actually on Friday night. Just sitting outside just having a beer And. guess what? Michelob? ULTRA because they sent me a bunch of Michelob ULTRA and it's really good And. there were only a couple left and I was mad 'cause every time we put it in the fridge, somebody drinks it, but it was delicious. Be sure to stock up for the summer. Enjoy Michelob ULTRA Superior Light Beer. Order a pack of Michelob ULTRA today. Have it delivered through doordash.com. LDA 21 and up.


This episode is brought to you by State Farm. State Farm helps you score an affordable price when you choose to bundle home and auto insurance with the personal price plan. Bundling home and auto. That's a pro move. Just another way you can save on your insurance needs. Talk to a State Farm agent today to learn how you can bundle and save with the personal price plan like a good neighbor. State Farm is there. Prices are based on rating plans that vary by state coverage. Options are selected by the customer availability. Amount of discounts and savings and eligibility vary by state.


Alright, so we talked about lineups in previous podcasts here and how when you have a game like this, the lineups, they shorten the rotation shorten. You have fourth quarters where maybe six guys play and some guys end up being losers and I, the the box scores I've seen, they don't have all the official minutes yet, but band didn't play nearly as much. Derek White didn't play nearly as much. Ant lost a bunch of minutes. Katie seemed like he lost some minutes. And then the big one was Tatum didn't play and we talked on Tuesday about why Tatum probably wouldn't play in this game, especially if it was close because his shot has betrayed him.


I find it hard to believe he's gonna play in 2028 now I'm just gonna throw that out there. Wow. Yeah. On, on like you think he will not elect to show Up? I have no inside information at all. Okay. I'm just saying that you, when you're making hard choices like this, I think there's gonna be ramifications down the line would be my guess. I feel like, I feel like you're daring the aggregators now. You're just, you're just dangling the pain. I just said I have no inside information whatsoever. That's Not I'm gonna stop anybody. This Is, I think you're dead, Dead wrong. This is now an embarrassing, embarrassing tournament for Tatum. I, it's, I just don't see him playing again. It's, It's not, it's not embarrassing. He was top five all NBA three years in a row. He just won the title. He's literally not playing in these games.


So well Let ask you this question. If he was on the floor in place of LeBron or Kevin Duran right? Do you think that they would've pulled off this game? I don't, not the way he's shooting. Well, The problem is now it's too late. Like you needed him to have been worked into these rotations and for him to understand what his role and contribution was gonna be seven games ago. Right, right. In the friendlies. Like getting big minutes and getting big minutes. What's Gonna happen? These guys, I said on Tuesday, I didn't think he was gonna play in this game. So, so now it's fine, but I just wonder there's gonna be bad blood with some of this stuff. I, I'll be really excited to see how, how it plays out. They're, they're gonna come out with the biggest olive branch possible because this is it, this is it for Curry, this is it for Durant and this is it for LeBron So.


it is going to be a team that very well could be led by Jason Tatum because of the group that's that's on the team right now. He's, he's the the, to me, the sort of natural leader coming out. I mean it's, you know, well, But, so that would be the argument. Maybe, you sprinkle a couple minutes in, but he, the thing is Kerr's not gonna worry about 2028, right? You lose any of these games and it's on your permanent record and I was getting a bunch of texts just in the first half like, what the fuck are these rotations? What's he doing? So? it was a Steve Kerr game is what you're saying. Well It was, it was, I mean he definitely looked like he was grasping for, for straws in a lot of ways, but I'll be interested to see how it plays out.


It's pretty significant that the biggest game that this country has played in, in three years and a DMP for Tatum. But I also don't know whose minutes he would've taken. I can't think of a, a single player he should have played in front of And think about the gold medal game. If it had been Germany in front of them, Tatum would be a great Franz Wagner antidote As It stands. I can't believe I'm saying this. Is he the Gerand Yabu answer? Woo. I love it. The ger answer. The fact that you need an answer presents what a time to be alive. Alive. But, but honestly like as far as, you know, Burley forwards who are gonna be able to combat his size like LeBron is a great answer there.


Durant too. But Tatu could be another guy that they throw out. Whether it's Yabu, whether it's theor, like they're gonna need forward physicality from somewhere. It can't all be guards and bigs like that range of players gonna have to be really important for a team U usa. Yeah. The rebounding today they had 33 rebounds total and LeBron and Curry had 20 of the 33. I'm not sure how that, that's they diagram that before the game. That's where like the fact that Tatum isn't shooting well I think really has hurt this team because fundamentally he is like one of the missing pieces that they need because he's such a good defender and he is got size and he can rebound and theoretically he should be able to spread the floor. You saw over and over again in both halves, they were leaving somebody open and hoping they weren't gonna make threes.


And it was Edwards for a little while. They were never leaving, they were never trying to leave KD open, but no, they were leaving bam, open. They let Booker go ahead, knock yourself out. Booker by, by the way, I think is a big winner of the, of this tournament, as we talked about before, he was out there for them in, in some pretty big moments. So he ended up playing 24 minutes. Bam only played 10. Davis only played 10. So Davis was the one who probably lost the most minutes outta what we would've thought because em beat ended up 27 minutes and he was eight for 11 from the field. So you, so you guys are less pessimistic than me about the Tatum 2028 thing because I, I do think that's gonna be a possible storyline. It's a complete rewrite.


We're we're gonna have a brand new team. It's gonna be, you know, some young guys maybe we haven't even considered at this point. It's gonna be look nothing like that. The team that's on the floor at the moment, They just need a little classic American propaganda. How it was Tatum in a timeout given an impassioned speech that rallied these guys that really turned everything around. Like You just need a little bit Of background narrative. Well at one point in the fourth quarter he was the only guy who still had his warmup on. I was like, just take the warmup off so you fit in with the, the team photos. Better. Better. Yeah. So you think like four years from now LeBron's gone, Curry's gone, the's gone and there's this new wave of, but by that time like Cooper Flagg might be ready all this dude.


Yeah, yeah. Right. We're think Now you're talking For, for Serbia that's probably yo which his best chance ever because he's gonna be four years. God only knows where Yoko is four years from now. Yeah. Is he still playing basketball? We have no idea. That's probably their best chance to win. Let's talk about France and how it, it ties into the United States game. Incredible. France beats Germany and what turned it out to be an absolute rock fight. Weby goes four for 17 and actually wins. And, and the most important news, I'm back out on the Franz Wagner extension, I'm out. It's been another flip flop. It's been two days, three Franz Wagner extension flip flops this summer seems too high now. I dunno if I like it.


Fraudulent Franz, I mean there's a lot of names we can we pull together here. That that that dude i, i sent around to our group. What does he think? He's in Cleveland. Does he think it's game seven in Cleveland again? Like, You know. Yeah that was, that was harsh Show off. Show up. That was me. This is the moment. This is the stage. You just got 250 million bucks homie. Show everybody what you're all about and well this, they let them, this, these French bangers suck the, the life out of them. Is it amazing? I mean we do have a new big three, right? Ya belli Theor Lessor. Yeah and, and gotta be corn. Yeah, The new big three just banging bodies.


I was looking at all their basketball reference whatever, whatever stats they had in it and Courtney doesn't hit threes, which I guess that's why he's not an NBA player. Theor doesn't hit threes either. And it's just the type of guy I like we were texting during the game like who what NBA player is he? Is he Kind free? I thought he was Montrez Harrell. I thought he was little Re like little strong. Yeah, yeah, like Rez Harrell with, with more of like a low post like drop step type game. So I guess there are guys that have, but it's just funny to watch them in this format and they just become oh yeah, superhuman. Here's where, I'll start with the France game and how it ties in the US though the home court advantage was outta control and if they think, if the US thinks there was pressure and tension in the game today, just wait because we're going, we're going up a level, we're doing the spinal tap, we're going from 10 to 11.


It, it's, it's going up and we got big bodies and all kinds of things going on. But what'd you, what'd you see in that France game Rob? Well one thing we talked about on Tuesday was Nick Platoon again pressuring full court, picking up guards, hounding guys. I don't know what the equivalent for that's gonna be against team USA because so much of it does run through LeBron. That's not really a guy you can press full court so easily as, as a smaller guard. But I just continue to be impressed with Platoon in particular. Honestly all the veteran guys for France kind of finding their roles within this new order. You know, Evan Forney, Even even Rudy Gobert finding his role of waving a towel Coming in Five minute Rudy coming into rebound off of free throws. Look, he's a patriot.


He's a true patriot. Yes, that's right. Yeah. House is Rudy eligible for the Ewing theory because he did play a couple minutes. But are there in France taking off the moment they decided to remove him from the rotation and the fact that he's number won championship, I think makes him Ewing theory eligible. So I'm gonna say he Counts. I mean it's a, it's a one of one career. A guy who has to be off the floor at the, the highest leverage moments. He just cannot be on, on the floor. I I will Say who's, who's won like seven defensive players of the year and got traded for five first round picks and a whole bunch of other shit Can't be on the floor. That French game plan in terms of just making it uncomfortable for Germany, 'cause I coming in the handicap for me was Germany has the second best, second most sophisticated half court offense of any team in the tournament.


And a lot of that is the comfort level of them playing together. They move, well there's a chemistry there. I had them behind the United States in terms of half court offense 'cause we can score from any all five spots, but France just wouldn't let it happen. I mean, you know, Germany got out to the lead that they got out to by running their half court offense and Franz showed up in the first quarter. You know, not, not the one that, that's the end of the game, but the one at the beginning of the game he showed up for, showed up for. And you know, they, they they out rebounded Germany after getting out rebounded a a week ago. They protected the ball a little bit better than than than Germany.


They handled Pressure that Mahoney I were calling for in the last PO they actually handled And forced turnover. Like Germany is not a high turnover team. They run very efficiently and yet they were stymied and they looked frustrated and they looked like they couldn't get to their spots in terms of that execution that we've, we've grown used to from them over these last couple years. German Steve Nash turned back into Dennis Schroder. That was, that was the subplot. I was surprised to see that. Listen, the Olympics, it's where I wrote down, turns into a big game player turns into Charles Barkley, turns into hundred iguala, theor turns into Farid on steroids and Schrader becomes Steve Nash.


Like this is just for whatever reason what happens with this fiba style weird guys change identities and turn into these different types of basketball players, which was so much fun about the us like just LeBron curry KD and beat all playing like the hits basically. But what Has, what has Jason Tatum turned into? I I have no comment. Okay, so Germany was in the first game, they beat the hell out of France when they played them earlier in the Olympics. They were 12 for 26 from three in this game. They missed 19 of their first 26 and it was just a brick fest. I think what's crazy about this France win, WEBY goes four for 17. France was six for 27 from three at one point.


It's not like, it was like, it was the opposite of, oh this is how you upset somebody. You shoot the lights out in the Olympics and your best player play awesome. And they, it wasn't like that at all, but their defense was awesome house. You made a lot of Weby jokes to me during the game. Where did we land ultimately with his performance in that game? It's fine. I think this is like the appropriate seasoning of weby. He is, he's a child, right? Yeah. These are men, these are men playing banger basketball. Like the difference offensively for France was that Yaba and Lor combined for 11 of 16 and all of those are paint points, right? That's, it was man's basketball.


It was, and it was nice to see a couple times Weby assert himself when he's, he is like, Hey, I'm right by the baskets, I can dunk. I'm gonna try and dunk. I would love to see a lot more of that, but he just doesn't have the ass for it yet. I mean, he's just a youth and, and he'll get those, those baby deer legs. We'll get some meat on him here, you know, hope so going God will give him that gift and then we'll, we'll start to see that back to the basket element for him. Way too many threes out of him. He did make a huge one to stifle, you know, the Germany pushback, but it's fine. It's the seasoning of a he's a kid. Yeah, I'm, I'm, I'm totally satisfied with it.


Mahoney, This Is the start of something for him. And honestly, if we're gonna talk about France defense, a lot of it is predicated on having him behind them. Yeah. And, and Gobert could have done some facsimile of that, but Weby is that much more dynamic, that much range are that much more able to play up to the level, you know, around screens and around various actions. And so the fact that you can be so physical and muck the game up, the way that France has a lot of that is because Weby is there to cover for so much. Well, and then they also gave 25 Rudy go Bear minutes to other guys in the team. And I, I don't even a hundred percent blame him because you just don't There to blame him. What has he? You need him if you what's no reason team, team and Weby is the guy everyone in France wants to see out there.


And Weby could have gone two for 35 and they weren't gonna take him out of the fourth quarter, but he did enough good stuff defensively and with his hands and just being active and threatening and you could see the guys, and that's basically what we saw in the NB season guys dribbling toward the basket, seeing him and doing like a double take. He, my my complaint is just that Weby isn't old enough, mature enough, sophisticated enough with his basketball IQ to be a perimeter defender and let go bear be the, the, the rim protector to be the basket stopper. And that's not a knock on weby. I just wish he was like two years ahead in his development so that we could see that version of the French French defense.


That's what they got. It's not unreasonable to ask that of him. Like he's gonna be able to do some of that stuff at some point. That's what's so scary about his future. So They got it to six, they blew three straight possessions. They had I think 16 turnovers, but then Franz hits a three to cut it to 2 39 seconds left. They get a stop, Franz gets the rebound and just can't keep it and the momentum goes outta bounds. We were robbed of this awesome last 10 seconds of Germany with the ball down too, which I'm sure Schroder would've tried to create something, but I do feel like neutral site Germany wins that game. And I think the home court just to, to reinvigorate Evan Fornier of all people as this huge big game you can count on him.


Guy making shots like that should tell you all I need to know. I genuinely like Yaba though. He's been awesome. Like I like I wonder like what like the, the other guy is just like the Fareed Rez harald thing. We've seen that it can maybe work on the right team, but ultimately you're gonna be able to patch stuff together, but it's not the kind of guy who could be in a seven man rotation on A NBA team that could win the title, the stuff Ya does. I don't know. Like could could he be, what is, what is he in the NBA rob? Is he like a, a three point shooting three who can bang and who can switch on D but also Maybe you could play small ball four with him.


I just feel like he's actually an NBA rotation guy. I think he's like maybe not quite as good, but the model would be like a PJ Washington type player, right? Like a, a combo three, four can guard like a wide range of players, but he's a little more physical inside. I think that's the difference is where Washington is a little more spot up obviously like can do that, but he like he can bang in there and that that's what makes him valuable. And honestly what makes the store valuable too is these guys who don't just create space but know how to use it and, and capitalize on the fact that the lane is suddenly open and if you just put a body into somebody, you can draw fouls or you can get layups. Mahoney, what'd you see from Cool balled that excited you? That's so rude. Come on. It's, oh, I Forgot he was on the Wizards house.


My bad. Come on. I didn't mean to do that to you. Is that Necessary? I'm sorry about that. Cool's. I'm team cool for the record, he's gonna be a very important part of the, the French national team's future. Okay, Let's not the Wizards. Let's talk, let's let's talk out USA France. So like Yaba Leor, these dudes that seem so great when they're going against Daniel tha now they're gonna be going against Zabi and LeBron and Pam Tibi and Anthony Davis and there's just way more size and length and you're not gonna see lessor backing down people and doing five second drop steps. There's a case for France to hang around that doesn't involve home court advantage.


I just don't know what it is house, what is it? I'm not gonna be able to make it. Their guards stink. They're so bad and Germany should have been in position to exploit that, but Shooter had a a bad game so they, they they couldn't take advantage of it. The the US I I just, you you, they can continue to get these banger buckets outta yabu and, and and Lor and I just don't think it's enough. They just don't have the, the firepower, they can't do the blueprint is what we just watched. It's the joker controlling the ball, you know, making the right play at the right time.


And then just rain threes, rain threes, rain threes French. French doesn't have that rain. The the, yeah, the the French the French just don't have it. Well you know, who agrees with the house FanDuel because USA is minus 15 and a half for the gold medal game, which is only a point less than they were favored against Serbia. Is there a case Rob? I think the case is probably similar to what we saw in the way that it will have to be a very, very ugly game that that is France's model. Like I the shooting will come and go for them sometimes, like Courtney is a great example of that, can shoot the lights out one game, absolutely wreck it the next if guys like him are hot, if Evan Fourier is hitting enough of his like weird bailout threes at the ends of clock on possessions that go nowhere.


if you get enough of those things working for you and you're able to muck up the game, then yeah, we've seen, you can throw team USA off its axis a little bit. you can get those guys overthinking or over deferring or whatever that ends up looking like in that moment. But having the Americans go through a test like this against Serbia helps iron out some of that stuff. Like the Americans will be in better shape to combat an ugly game now having been through one than they would've been otherwise. And so that's, that's a like a really important trial for a team that honestly just hadn't really been tested yet. So that's an interesting point because bs I don't think that what we just watched was necessarily an, an ugly game. It was high execution by Serbia from the three point line that really tilted the court.


Oh no. Yeah, that game was good. France Ugly on the other side. I mean, Yeah, yeah, right. So the, my question is, you know, the France's ability to muck things up to make it ugly comes from the physicality, their ability to play full court press and to it slows the game down because it takes all of the time to get started the offense, I expect them to try and repeat that. How does the US exploit it is my question by the way, to po father Serbia was doing, Serbia was doing that to the US in this game and it, they were exposing that us was doing some weird shit with like bam bringing the ball up, Davis bringing the ball up, Durant, anytime anyone other than a real guard wasn't bringing up Serbia was just on those dudes making them work even Edwards they were attacking.


So I assume France is probably gonna borrow that one as well. I, I can't believe I'm saying this guys, Kyle, don't turn the TikTok camera on. I think France has to start Gobert in this game. Wow. This is the zag I never expected. I gotta Say. Yeah, I think I, I happen to watch mb mb score 70 points on Webe and it was an absolute evisceration. Now it was also unfortunately for Embi the highlight of his season destroying a lottery team. Now he has the new highlight of the season, what he did against Serbia, but I thought he had a lot of confidence and he has too much size for Webe.


And if they just start webe without starting Gobert too, I just think the US is gonna attack Webe and try to put fouls on them. So if I'm, if I'm France and we know MB is gonna play like the first five, six minutes of the game, I'm probably playing Gobert for those first five, six minutes and then bringing Inor and Yaba together and trying to have them bang against bam and ad Is that crazy, Rob? It's not crazy. I, I agree with you that Gobert is better suited to guarding MBI than Webe is. The problem is we also just went through a playoff cycle where the discussion for two weeks against the nuggets was, oh, gobert guarding on ball in the post against someone like Nicola Yoic doesn't work that great.


It's, it's better having him behind, you know, roving. And so maybe that's the answer, whether it's Weby or Gobert on the ball. The combination of the two is what you want in terms of stifling a sort of low post presence. I just, I don't know. I, I, I hear you and I think that's the best, maybe the best option that they have available. I think getting more length on the floor, generally speaking for protecting the rim will be very helpful for them. I just don't think it's gonna matter very much. I, I think they give up too much in terms of, you know, you put those guys on the floor, Joel's just gonna take shots from the elbow anyway. Like what, what will that do for you? Having go bear guarding? Well the flip is like that. Like that. Well, the is Maybe, you put lessor on him and you do the thing that we saw some NBA teams where they use the 6 5 6 6 30 guy.


Sure. And get like right basically in his chest and Maybe you do that way. I've already flip flopped. Maybe Gobert doesn't play at all. You talk me out of it. Rob, use lasso and ya and just get right in an MB beads grill and do it that way. I, I like gobert out there. I they let 'em go. Huge start weby go bear ya lessor. And I don't know, put Plato point, platoon can play guard, but here, here's the thing that we're, we're, we, we must countenance that whistle is going to be, what do they say? BL whatever it's gonna be very Maison cuisine, cuisine, home cooking whistle. So they, if they wanna come out and be physical, I do Believe that that could be an element that we need to factor into how we assess this thing.


Are you saying this is gonna be the first game that LeBron didn't get calls in since like 2008? Is that your prediction? I didn't think that he got, you know, a he got appropriate calls in what we just watched, but I Actually thought the refs were pretty fair in today's team. Me too, Me Too. I didn't love the, I didn't love Yoko's fourth foul. Yeah. I not actually would've challenged that if I was Serbia. They're not great. The refs in, in Viva basketball generally, but they are kind of evenly not great, if that makes sense. Right. Excepting apparently France and, and the home cooking. I think it could be a little, They're in their baguette on that one that, That Japanese for the four pointer against Japan, which is the single play that has us in this very situation now. Unbelievable. It's literally the, the, the reason why France is in the gold medal game.


Yes. I I do think that they're susceptible to home court pressure. That's all. So house, what do we do? We have France at plus 1500, but a really hard hedge situation with us as a 12 to one favorite on FanDuel. It's expensive. I don't hedge a little. That's A tough one. Hedge a lot. I don't even, this is problem with hedging. Hedging sucks. I thought before we go, I thought of something as we were talking about the Gobert thing. Just that amazing win for Embiid from where he was three weeks ago couldn't, and he even, he looks thinner and in more shape. Like he clearly just fucked up. He came in, he wasn't in shape. Maybe whatever happened with his knee during the playoffs, he couldn't work out the right way, but he looks like he's in better shape.


But we've gone from, this is where I was at the start of the tournament, like I wish Embi wasn't on the team. I wish it was just bam and ad as the centers, I wish they would give Tatum those minutes. IWI just think that's a better version of this team and, and bead is just this weird piece that doesn't fit in with everything to now thinking they really need them and France is gonna have to figure out how to match up with them. So when you think like that's how far we've gone with him beat in three weeks. I'm gonna say if you're going big winners for team USA, it's, it's him, it's LeBron Curry is now back in the winner course. Of course KD is even only nine points today, but somehow gets the biggest basket of the entire game. And probably Booker and I think those definitely Booker and, and Drew Holiday who had some good glue guy stuff that he drew.


Holiday's dad, I forgot to mention, his defense for one stretch in the fourth quarter was like outta control. Oh yeah. It looked like he was going against like the Mavs and the finals. Like he was at that level. But, well, especially Derek White committed the glue guy, mortal sin of fouling a three point shooter and won in a Way that we never saw him again. I think we saw him again. That was You, you get the hook at that point. We might not see him for the rest of the Olympics. This Is what's so dope about single elimination though, is Joel has one game like this in a moment like that and it, it erases kind of everything that came before. Like who cares how you performed against South Sudan in the group play. Like, it just doesn't matter if you, if you play like this when it matters, And not only that, it might translate into the most impactful storyline for this upcoming basketball season.


Because if he, what he is learning what he's getting out of these experiences with this group of guys, it's, and we've heard these stories, you know, every four years you hear guys come from the Olympics and say, wow, that was something I didn't anticipate. Right. That changed the course of my career. It changed the course of my career and he really did look the, he was the most nimble when he went down after that dunk, after he beat the joke crowd, I was like, oh my God, he's dead. Because he, he, he fell down three times in the series against the Knicks and it looked like he was hurt all over again. We weren't gonna see him for another six months, but he looked, he was, he was very, very good on his feet and miraculously it looked like he lost 10 pounds in, in one week.


It's, and It said the Ja the James Harden 10 pound weight loss just outta nowhere just from exercising. But In Paris, the first man to ever go to Paris and lose 10 pounds, what's going on? Oh, That's a good point. Amazing. Yeah, we, I've had this podcast since oh seven and every four years we come out of the Olympics and we talk about these guys and how important this experience and Priscilla always makes fun of me for it. But I really do think if you read the stories of the people the season after, like even Carmelo had the best year of his career in oh nine, the best after he was on this team, LeBron went to a whole other level in oh nine. Now that probably would've happened anyway, but he's credited being with Kobe. They did that in the Redeem team documentary.


There's that story about the guys were coming back from the club and Kobe was going the other way because he was gonna work out at five in the morning. That's the kind of shit like if you're en B you joined a team, it was the process. They're intentionally trying to lose games for years. They don't care if you play or not. They're just trying to collect assets. They're not doing any sort of team building at all. And they've made excuses for him the entire time he was there. But the talent's always been there. You won an MVP and if I'm a Sixers fan, I'm watching this going, this is the greatest po this is way better than the Paul George signing. Like whatever we could just sign and bring in a new guy every year. It's never gonna matter unless Embi gets it. And I don't, I honestly don't know if he got it until maybe these last couple weeks.


I loved what I saw today from him. Is that fair Rob? Or am I being too hard? I too hard in terms of what To say. This is the most impactful maybe two weeks stretch for him as a player of his career That might be making a little more of it than it ends up being. But I do think these moments are important to players like NB like that. That's why him being as reactive jumps out to me. Like this is clearly a game and a moment that was crucial for him that he felt the weight of and the fact that he felt it and succeeded frankly is not something he's done in the NBA very often. Like he, he has had a great regular season performance.


He's had great seasons, he's had great singular moments in playoff series, but their first round series or their lower stake series, this was a game that the USA absolutely had to win and they put the ball in his hands and that vote of confidence means a lot. And him delivering means a lot, whether, you know, whatever ends up happening for him in the Sixers next season. Like I, I do think those are formative and instructive experiences for, for stars in his position. Yeah. And has part of the, part of the case for him maybe not totally getting it was how he showed up for the Olympics. I'm just gonna throw that out there. I mean, Little column, a little column B, we All have eyes, it's Fair's, it's a fair criticism. But look man, to me it changes the ceiling of that Sixers team.


It always comes down to the same thing with them. Can he be healthy in April? Can Paul George be healthy in April? I wish we could fast forward to April and both guys were healthy then it would really be a super fun Eastern conference playoff situation. But I'll just knock on wood and root for it because the, the Eastern conference is so much better if both those guys are playing and, and Joe Joel's at this, this level, he's got, we just saw it, we know he's got it in him, you know, he dropped a 50 piece on the Knicks so that they, they they didn't, you know, get swept out of that series. And here we have this Olympics game and he, he, he does look capable of getting in shape. So fingers crossed That's where the Paul George part of it I think is nice too of the idea that inching his team a little closer to not team USA talent obviously, but putting another star where he doesn't have to have the 50 and in some games can just be the closer and, and be in a position that in his career with the Sixers just never had the chance to do.


Last question before we go. So seeing what we saw from LeBron today, if you're the Lakers, does that make you change your mind at all about putting those picks on the table and trying to get a real third star? I would already That they would've felt that way before, but so you say no either way. No, I would've already put the picks on the table. Like I I I'm of the opinion if LeBron James one of the greatest players to ever live who's still this good is on your team, you should be going forward hard all the time. That's, that's how I think that should be navigated. But that's not Jeremy Grant. It's somebody a notch above. So the move for them is if he can keep at this level, you wait until December and you see who's unhappy and you Yes.


And you go all in and that you're not gonna do it now because there's no guy Now Who's it gonna be though? It's, it's tre. We dunno who the unhappy guy is, but there might be another unhappy guy coming. Yeah, Ideally a guy. It's The NBA a Gianni. He's gonna be unhappy. Get ready. I know you don't think so, but get ready. Oh, I hope it's not Jason Tatum. Rob, we're gonna send you off house is gonna stay. We're gonna talk NFL futures right after this. Thanks for joining us Mahoney. Hey, thanks guys. U-S-A-U-S-A


This episode is brought to you by Nissan Nissan Flex Your ruggedness in the Nissan Pathfinder Rock Creek Power your epic adventures with 3.5 liter V six engine 2 95 horsepower Take on those big bad trails on these big bad tires. 18 inch Beadlocks style wheels with all terrain Terrain tires to be exact, designed to be aggressive all the way up to the front row, which is magnificent. Find your path in the Nissan Pathfinder Rock Creek. Learn more at Nissan usa.com. Intelligent four wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


This episode is brought to you by SimpliSafe. If you're like me, you're constantly thinking about the safety of the people and things you value the most. We all have friends that had a break in worst case scenario, a home invasion, second worst case scenario, they're away for a couple days, they come back and things are just gone. And once you hear those stories you realize you have to do something to secure your home. you can be like me, you can find SimpliSafe been using it, they've been a sponsor forever, been using it for a while. We love it. you can try it for yourself right now. you can try it and get 20% off a system at SimpliSafe dot com slash bs. you can find out things like 24 7 professional monitoring. Someone always there to have your back during an emergency. you can find out how fast their agents can respond within five seconds of receiving the alarm. They act, they respond to intruders, they even warn them that police is on the way and there's no contracts. you can choose to set up your system yourself or you can have one of their professionals do it for you. It is no surprise that SimpliSafe has been named the best Home Security systems by US News and World Report for five years running and the best customer service and home security by Newsweek. So protect your home this summer. you can get 20% off any new SimpliSafe system when you sign up for Fast Protect monitoring. Just visit SimpliSafe dot com slash bs. That is SimpliSafe with two is SimpliSafe dot com slash bs. There's no safe like SimpliSafe.


Alright, we're starting a new segment here on the BS podcast. It's called Five Favorites House. Didn't know about this, did I tell you about this house? You did not. But I'm thrilled to be here, especially with our boy Dund and bs. I want you to help me. Let's get a nickname for Dund. I, dund is such a good name in his own right. It's a great Name. It's a great name. Anthony D. Anthony Dund is here. if you listen to The Ringer gambling show, he joined us this summer. He is, to call him a jack of all trades would be an understatement. Soccer, baseball, football's really his main thing. But it's really all the sports like that. I I still love the fact that the bundle that you follow all baseball, like nobody watches all baseball anymore.


How can I just watch our own teams? I have no idea what's going on with any other team. You're following all this stuff. You're also young, which I think you, you have way more energy than us, but what's your favorite out of all the sports? Because when I first saw you, you were crushing it on football, you were putting up like one pick a week on I think Mondays or twos and you were like 70, 75%. And I'm like, who is this dude? How is he doing this? So is football your favorite or is it another one? You know, by virtue of the popularity of football, it, it's always gonna be number one just based on how this country consumes sports. But I do love kind of the zag energy of, of being a, a huge soccer fan. And, and Sir Rudy can attest to us too, we, we've been doing a soccer show there all summer on the gambling feed and it's fun to embrace that side of it because there's so much pageantry and and European beauty to the game.


But in, in terms of like number one every Sunday from one to 11, I'm on the couch watching games like the NFL blocks off most of my my fall. And yes, it's the perk of being really young and really single and having a lot of free time that I'm able to follow all these sports. For now House is asleep on the couch at various parts from one to 11, but it's still joining you during that, that football bench. Hey, so we brought you on for five favorites. I asked you to pick right now we're four weeks away. It's taping this on a Thursday afternoon. We are four weeks away from day one NFL season Thursday night.


I can't wait house. I missed it so much. I mean this was, I told you this, this was the year that I think I decided I like football more than basketball. I can't believe I've gotten here. We We had this conversation, you know, we, we, we could have done a podcast about it. How we're looking back across our, the span of our lives and the sports that were important to us and basketball has been the thing that has cemented our relationship over these many decades. But here we are. It's football baby. I love it so much. Yeah, it's, I'm so ready for it. Don't Yeah, I'm not like on September 15th I'm not gonna be like, oh my god, five more weeks until the NB I'll be excited. Yeah. But with football I'm like, my wife is already looking at me side eyed. She's like, I know you have, I know I have you for four more weeks and then I'm just probably gonna hate your guts on Thursdays and Sundays and Mondays and now we're gonna have Wednesday games and Black Friday games.


There's just games all the time. Dund, we asked you your five favorite NFL futures right now, four weeks away. And we're gonna go into descending order from five to one to try to build the drama up really for house. And then house is gonna try to pretend he's listening while he's also kind of writing these down on some stealth notebooks. So It's not stealth. It's right here. I'm ready. Okay, there you go. Your your five favorites. Number five, let's hear it. Yeah, let's go with the Tennessee Titans under six and a half wins minus 1 22 at FanDuel. Oh, most people don't realize that Will Levis had a lower success rate than Kenny Pickett did last year and I think it's kind of flown under the radar because he had some really impressive highlight plays and if you just watch the Red Zone channel, you probably saw a ton of like crazy throws and him taking on linebackers.


But the offense basically relied on him throwing the ball down the field, hitting a couple big plays a game to kind of stay in it. And then Vrabel would coach up the defense and they would be really successful there. I don't really get the sense that the variable departure was necessarily an on the field football decision and just like a strategic difference vision with the general manager in the front office there. And the most alarming thing about Levi and I think if Joe House watched Sam Howell all last year, he would know this. His sac rates were alarming in college and in the pros and only the Giants had a worse sack rate than Tennessee last year. They really haven't improved the offensive line a ton. It's still gonna be one of the bottom five or six offensive lines.


Well they, They used the top seven pick on a left tackle and it's still not that good of an offensive line. Right, Exactly. At PFF ranked the one to 32, they had them in the bottom five. And I just wonder, you know, they bring in an offensive coach. We didn't really know a ton about Brian Callahan. He's never really called plays. So I think there's a lot of questions about how much better the offense is and I think there's questions. Could the defense get worse? They were one of the best defenses in the red zone last year. That's tends to be kind of noisy year to year. So a lot of questions about Tennessee. I do think all three teams in the division are better than they were last year and I don't really see Tennessee taking that step forward again. That the sac number is the one I can't get past with Will evis.


Well I know I could just see the, the light in house's eyes. What's your immediate, I have two reactions, but what's your immediate reaction? I mean, I've literally bet this every which way. I have Levi under yards, Levi under touchdowns, Pollard under yards, Pollard under touchdowns, Titans, disaster area. This this defense, especially the bundle's last point that that pass defense was supposed to be like a, a pass funnel kind of situation. It was a pass fire hose, it was a disaster. And any franchise that thinks that it can make progress without Mike Vrabel as part of it, the decision making gives you significant pause.


So I'm on this under, I played it every which way. I'm thrilled to have this welcome aboard ad welcome aboard. Yeah, That, that was a good first one. So I have three reactions. One, if you're going, who is the worst team in a FC? 'cause we know we're gonna have two or three terrible teams. Tennessee is in the conversation, new England is in the conversation. And for me, Vegas over Denver for the third spot. Not sure how you guys feel on that, but like at gunpoint, I just, I I really don't like Vegas. They seem super top heavy to me. I'm not sold on Pierce at all. I don't love their schedule. Like I just, so those would be the three.


So that's one. Two, if Levis didn't have that comeback against the Dolphins on Monday night that killed all our parlays, wouldn't we be way more suspicious of the levies thing? Because he had this really fun fourth quarter that all of us watched we're like, oh, levies. But for the most part that like, as the bundle said, it was flashes, flashes in the pan and a lot of times the pan had like that sticky shit in the bottom of it that you have to like use what's that thing that the, the, the hard thing you have to scrape off. So that's two. And then third, this is the most glaring one to be the new coach theory, which we love. And there's a lot of good candidates this year for who's gonna be the new coach bump team.


Right. And I'm sure, I think we have more candidates this year than we've had before. Could be houses team could be the Chargers going from Staley to Harbaugh. It could be Raheem Morrison in Atlanta, Raheem Morris, second Chance. Tennessee's the opposite to me. I love Rabel. I felt like they overachieved with Vrabel every year and I don't know why they would be better without Rabel. So if you had to rank those three Levi overexposure to a couple of good moments, the fact that somebody in the a FFC has to be bad or the new coach theory in reverse, what was the number one thing driving that one for you? I think the New coach thing in reverse. I, I've had a vrs cost me a lot of money because as a numbers person, they never really made sense and they just al always, he's kind of got the tomland esque nature to him where you're not quite sure how it works.


You're like, he's too conservative, but then all of a sudden every game is 1616 with three minutes to go and they find a way to, to grind a couple out and you just don't know what you're gonna get. You know, change isn't always good. And I think that Tennessee, when you look at how bad their defense fell off last year in the second half, and then you combine that with losing Vrabel, I don't really see the case for them being any better and kind of clawed their way to six wins last year. Yeah. How if, if the Jets had just fired solo and hired Vrabel in May, they just said, fuck it, we have a chance to win the Super Bowl. Would you have a Jet Super Bowl ticket right now? A hundred percent. Because I'll confess right now, I do have some exposure to the Jets.


Of course you do. I mean, you bet on, you bet on fucking France. Of course you did. You you always roped into the narrative. I mean IIII think they're pretty good on both sides of the ball, whatever. Yeah, They have A lot of talent. If they had vrabel, good god that, I mean the ticket would've been pricey. You probably wouldn't have done better than it would've been nine to one or eight to one because all the crazy New Yorkers would've snapped it up. Tound, what's the juice on that Titans line Minus 1 22. Oh, That's a great price, great price, let's go. So they would have to go, it Was actually, it was the first bet I made this season when I started doing work. So they would have to go seven and 10 to beat that. Yep. I don't, I don't see that. I, I not only that, I don't really see a scenario for it at all.


That division. We, we did some of our division previews al already. I mean, yeah. That, that division is kind of quietly loaded. Like it wouldn't shock me if we got three 10 game winners. Now I'm not predicting that. But it wouldn't floor me because I think Indianapolis is right there. And I'd be floored by, I ain't gotta say I'd be floored by Jacksonville. I don't know. I don't Jacksonville Jacksonville's the post hype. Everybody's in on Jacksonville. I don't, I don't being out on them, I don't see the Jacksonville thing. Good luck betting on Trevor Lawrence. All right, what's your number four? All right, we're gonna go with another under, we're gonna go to your, your favorite division house's, favorite division, the NFC South Tampa Bay Bucks under seven and a half wins plus 1 22.


Mm. So Baker Mayfield has this resurgence season out of nowhere. And going into last season, the narrative was All right, Tom Brady retires the Bucks roster's falling apart, they're gonna have a kind of a tank rebuild season and then out of nowhere they're hosting a playoff game and they win a playoff game and come within one drive of going to the NFC championship because Baker just goes and has this incredible season, gets Dave Canales the head coaching job. All of these things go right for Tampa. Four 30, Dave, let's end practice at four 30. We gotta spend time with our family. Love That guy. I Love that guy. Love worklife balance. Love that. But, and I'm, I'm actually interested in Carolina, maybe Bryce Young might be a bridge too far. Calm down Mundo, if you wanna Get a little crazy down, they're, This is your first appearance in the pod.


Calm down, take a breath. So Nick Giffin, my old colleague at the Action Network, he has a metric called Luck Rankings, which essentially looks at play to play, how good are you? And then compares it to the final record. And last season, number one luck ranking team was Pittsburgh, which should surprise nobody. Number two was Philly, they were number one until their collapse. And number three was Tampa Bay. They ran really good in terms of red zone defense. They were one of the luckiest teams in the NFL. And you can just see how this doesn't quite work trying to run it back. And maybe when we look back on last season, we'll say, Hey, maybe Tampa would've been better off if they hadn't had so much success. 'cause now I think they're perfectly a purgatory team That's like the Giants a year ago, right?


It's like that nine, seven and one in a playoff and all of a sudden you get fooled and they're thinking you might be good. That's actually a, a perfect comp for what this is. Everybody thinks Baker Mayfield's better than he really is. It's similar to what Daniel Jones. And you know, it's, it's different because I think, you know, Jones is a little bit younger than Mayfield and we haven't seen as much from him. But again, they lose Carlton Davis from their secondary and they hire Liam Cohen from the McVey tree to be the offensive coordinator. Big loss in terms of play calling duties and how that will work. Don't know how Baker responds in in another year in this system. So I'm going with the Bucks under think it's a pretty bad division. And I think unfortunately you can't bet against all three teams.


It's kind of hard to do that, that 'cause they're all correlated against each other. But I think Tampa is the most overvalued of those top three NFC South contenders. Haas, what are your feelings on the Buno Philadelphia guy, Syracuse guy, just pre predetermined to just be kind of glass half empty starting off the pod with two unders? Not sur surprised. I gotta say I'm not suppressed. No, he, he comes by it honestly. He's an analytics dude. He, he, he does maths. He likes the math. So unders always have positive expected value. Po plus Ev isn't that what, how they say it out there? Ad Come on, Buno. The The nerds.


The nerds. Yeah. I mean, you know, she Cap Patti is trying to make Tony Buns happen. I don't, I don't think it's gonna stick. We've been doing Tony Buns, we've been doing some Philly special podcasts. That's not, I don't, I don't hate that. All right, so here's, here's my counter on this Tampa pick, which I, I do like, it looks too easy. That's one NFC South. Like is it just a hornet's nest? Do you just stay away? Is the, is the entire division just to stay away? I don't feel you can kind of look at every team and go, ah, or you go, ugh. And I don't feel good about any of the four. And I think anybody who's looking at that division and going, I know exactly what's gonna happen is fucking kidding themselves.


That would be my counter. So like, is there, you don't have to tip it off now, but are there other teams you like or do you feel like that's just all four of those teams are either unders or stay aways? Well that's why I think Carolina, if they can get anything outta Bryce Young, if, if, if he plays anywhere close to his draft pedigree and isn't a total bust, they're gonna be in the mix potentially just because of how bad everyone is. I mean essentially the Falcons and the Saints have flipped where last year Saints win total was nine and a half. Everybody was like, oh, the Saints aren't really that good, but they're definitely better than everybody else. And their schedule's really easy that look at how many, look at how many games they're favored in. But they actually aren't a good football team. And now they flipped with the Falcons.


And so I would argue that, you know, maybe if you had to pick one of those three, I would, I would go with New Orleans. Their offense was quietly good at the end of the season last year. And the luck rankings that I mentioned earlier, they were dead last. So all of a sudden you're like, wait, maybe the Saints or have something. But the Saints are in a similar position to Tampa where they're in purgatory, they keep running it back. And I don't really wanna put my money behind Derek Carr to overachieve the market because that seems like a disaster that could implode at any moment. So I think that's why this division is fun. There's a stat I'm gonna mention later about teams going worst to first happens almost every year. I, I'm not trying to, again, I'm trying to cool my jets here, but Carolina is super interesting to me.


How if I gave you two tickets and one of them was the Saints to win the NFC South and the other one was a special off the menu, FanDuel parlay bet of Dennis Allen will not be the Saints coach in week 10. And Derek Carr will not be their starting quarterback in week 10. Which ticket would you take from me? I I don't need, I don't understand like that that's the, the all time no brainer. That's the's no challenge there. I fucking hate the Saints. They, they, they're a forever never bet under any circumstances. Dennis Allen. We, we've had this so many times right in our face and, and I'm not doing it ever again. I I hate this Tampa play by the bundle because what it requires is you have to make a commitment to Atlanta and everybody's on Atlanta and Atlanta's the sexy story.


And I hate that. So, you know, the, the way that I ended up playing this dumb division was the, the Atlanta to win the south, the NFC South at like minus one 20. 'cause it's the only price that I could like And stay away from wins completely. Yeah. It's No way. I mean I'm not messing with that. There's A Raheem Morris case for them. Just that, you know, maybe there's a, a level of coaching competency that they just didn't have last year. I hate taking a team that's just got nothing from a top eight pick. Like Pennix isn't gonna play you this asset that you put. You could put a starting left tackle in there. You could put a, a elite corner, A pass rusher, You could put a dza in there.


Million things. They have No pass rush. They even the guy, the Seahawks took 16. That guy would've been awesome for them and they just, they just whiff on the pick for at least this season. So that makes me nervous. I'm, I like, I'm, I like the instinct to go under with Tampa though because it, they really do remind me of the Giants last year. I think modern medicine is great now, but Kirk Cousins tour his Achilles in October, right? I mean it is a quick turnaround. It used to be a year, now it's like 10 months. Aaron Rogers said it was like he was old three months and he 30. He's really old and it's a new, new coordinator, new coach. Yeah. New scheme coming off a major injury, it seems like there's a lot of risk expect Yeah, There's plenty to be skeptical of.


I I really don't wanna prolong the agony and make us talk about Carolina any further, but I do want to ask ad how, how can you have any confidence in that defense? Because the, it's one thing for them to lose burns, but to l Frankie Lvu is a whole nother Paul. Yeah, He's on your team now. That's right. That's the reason that we have good vibes up here in the DMV. That defense I think took a huge, like they're putting a lot of pressure on JC Horn who can't stay ont healthy the football field. Yeah, that's right. Exactly. So talk, talk me into the defense. I mean, I'm listening, it's August, let's, let's try and make some money now. I'm not listening. I might go to the bathroom. Yeah, it was one of the worst run defenses in the NFL and, and they haven't really improved against the past here.


So like, I'm not saying that you're going to be a great team, but again this is more a, a factor of the circumstance and the fact that I do like Vero, the defensive coordinator, he was getting a lot of head coaching buzz even though he was on one of the worst teams coaching one of the worst teams, which I think says a lot about him. If, if teams were able to see through the fact that they were an absolute disaster, especially against the run, they were like a league average pass defense though last year. So, you know, it's not the end of the world I think, but in this division where the ceiling is so low, if Bryce Young Maybe, you know, canals can work some magic into him, I don't think he'll ever be able to achieve the athletic limitations. Like the ceiling that we think is possible for Bryce Young I think is pretty out the window after what we saw athletically last year and how bad he was.


It's very unlikely he goes from terrible to great. But I think it could go from terrible to average and I'm not sure that average is not the best quarterback in this division come right December. Well so if you're making the case, it's a little like when, if you're making the glass half full case for Houston a year ago, you're like, well weird division, what if this happened and this happened and this happened? And what if the coach is awesome and, and what if Stroud is way better than you think and you list like seven things And then for Houston, all of them hit for Carolina the coaching situation was I think probably the worst in the league last year. How's this guy Frank Re how's my guy Frank rank too.


An immortal, an immortal quote from last August ringer gambling show and how's called Frank Re the best coach in the NFC South, which we've made fun of him for a year. But then you think like the worst skill position guys in either conference and going down the line. It was not a good offensive line, it was the worst pot and then Strouds doing well. Every single thing was bad for Bryce Young. So I see the case but the case to me is more this division's so bad somebody's gotta win. Yep. And this is Raheem's been making this point on ringer gambling. Like why not at 1101? Like why not? On the other hand I would probably book that bet. We're gonna take quick break and then go to the top three.


This episode is brought to you by one of my favorite things in life. NFL Sunday ticket on YouTube tv because that time of year it's coming up again NF NFL season. Oh yeah. And while it's still only the preseason, you don't wanna miss a moment with NFL Sunday ticket in YouTube tv, it gives you access to the most live NFL games all in one place. Right now save $85 when you sign up for NFL Sunday ticket bundled with YouTube TV and get every game every Sunday. Sign up today, youtube.com/bs device and content restrictions apply. Discount apply to first four months of YouTube tb then 72 99 per month ends August 29th. Terms restrictions, embargoes apply. No refunds.


This episode is brought to you by Empower. You got money questions like can I retire early? What are my best savings options? Can I afford to pay for my kids' education? Luckily Empower has all the answers. With empower's realtime dashboard and real live conversations, you get clarity on your real life financial goals. So join 18 million Americans and Empower what's next? Start today@empower.com. Tap the banner or visit this episode's page to learn more. Sponsored by Empower, not an endorsement or a statement of satisfaction by a client.


Alright, coming back we have three left, five favorites. Anthony Ddo, NFL Futures. What is number three? All right, let's take a more positive spin now we're gonna go a team. I like this year, Seattle Seahawks, it's a twofer plus 1 75 to make the playoffs seven to one to win the division. You're starting to see some cracks in San Francisco. The IU stuff happening. McCaffrey just picked up a calf injury. It's easy to forget that San Francisco every year was, can they stay healthy? They had all these injury issues. Well guess what? The whole team just about stayed healthy last year and it was probably, you know, a 95th percentile San Francisco outcome outside of a couple of games in the middle of the season where they had that blip and, and Purdy looked a little lost.


I think he was concussed. Now they're one of the oldest teams in the NFL last year. They pretty much run it back offensively, potentially without iu, who some who watch film and no more ball than I do say was their most valuable offensive player outside of McCaffrey. So I think there's some real threat for them to take a step back, especially with the Super Bowl hangover and getting so close and not quite, you know, getting to the apex like they did last year. And Jim Harbaugh is getting all of the credit and all of the clout because of his track record. But I actually think the team that has the chance to make a real step forward is Mike McDonald and the Seahawks. And he basically had the entire Baltimore defense last year put in career years elevates talent across the board.


Nobody was saying, wow, look at how talented Baltimore is defensively until last year when everybody was looking across the board like whoa, they got this production from Javian Clowny and Right. You know, Rolon Smith a great player, but Patrick Queen, like we're not sure about him Now It's the secondary stuff too that people weren't expecting. Exactly. Made it work with pretty inconsistent corner play because of injuries. Like they schemed their way into the best defense in the NFL. And what I like about McDonald is that he doesn't come across as his, his background is in finance and management. It's not like your traditional football guy so to speak. And he's very young and I think he's gonna get buy-in from this, from this locker room who just felt like Pete Carroll had kind of run its course.


The defense was antiquated, they bottomed out so badly last year defensively to the point where they were at one point 30th, 31st in defensive metrics. Right? And if you just fix the defense to make it league average and they've made some, some improvements there, especially against the run where they were really bad last year. I think that combined with the fact that they still have a ton of weapons on offense could get them to be the kind of sleeper post type team because two years ago they were projected to be one of the worst teams. Gino has this renaissance here out of nowhere, everybody buys the Seahawks, they kind of take a step back. Now they're the post hype and the point where people are kind of overlooking them.


A lot of people are taking la I think LA has got a lot of cracks. I think Seattle is the team that's gonna make a run at this division. So over is still seven and a half or did that go up? Seven and a half is juiced. Yeah. With juice divisions in the plus seven 50 range. I'm with you. I mean I think you undersold the McCaffery injury because like I was listening to our fantasy football pod yesterday and they were like trying to figure out where to rank McCaffrey in the running back rankings. It's, it's the classic. What do you do? How much does he go for? It's clear he is gonna be compromised. The first month house, ironically the first month was what I had pegged for the easy part of the niner schedule.


Their home jets at Minnesota, at the Rams home, pats home Arizona. And I was like that, that's gotta be probably four in one. But now no McCaffrey and the schedule gets harder as the year goes along. Trent Williams, I don't know if he is even back yet from the holdout, so we don't know what kind of shape he's gonna be in Deebo. I'm never gonna bet on him playing 17 games. Purdy's playing for a new contract, iy, this situation's kind of nuts. Yeah, I I wouldn't be shocked. What do you think of the Seattle Pick house? So I love when I'm in the spot of being in violent agreement with dabs because when, when I, when we first met each other, I, I confessed to him that I would read his column voraciously, you know, every week as it came out on the Action network.


And that, you know, it influenced my thinking. I tried to give credit where credit was due. Well now I could just tell him, bro, I'm stealing your stuff because I love it, but I already am all Over this. Yeah. House was like Drake just stealing verses from, from rappers on the internet claiming he hadn't heard of them. No, I I I gave shoutouts. I mean I, I tried my best. Yeah. Everybody knows how old I am. But here's the thing with Seattle, I think that they, they won nine games and still underperformed. Right? I think the talent really on both sides of the ball is, is the compelling thing to me. And I don't really, you know, the, the price is right for the division play. I don't think that we have to really like talk down San Francisco.


We can just kind of talk up what Seattle has passed. Yeah. Why, why is Seattle two wins worse when, I mean they lucked out with Byron Murphy falling at 16. It was exactly what they needed. Amazing J js n's in year two. And I think the make, let's be honest, like Pete Carroll and Bill Belichick were in their seventies and there there was signs of real slippage and strategic, strategic, you know, weird shit going on. And you now you bring these new voices, new coaches. I thought McDonald was great last year. Like I, to me he's the odds on favor for the new coach theory. I I agree. It's for the Battle. There's a lot more, there's a lot more talent in the room than what saying what the Chargers have with LA and then Harbor. Totally Agree. Totally Agree.


And, and basically it's like, can they take the ram spot? I I love that. Unless you think there's three playoff teams from this division, which by the way isn't inconceivable, They grabbed that offensive coordinator from from Washington, a dude that, you know, loves to throw the ball down down the field and one of Gino Smith's strengths happens to be throwing the ball down the field 20 yards or longer. He is in the top 10 of the league at that. Like, yeah, let's start using these weapons that, that the Seahawks possess. Yeah. And I, they were a top five offense early downs. So if you just go first and second down, they were one of the best. They were right up there with San Francisco, with Green Bay, with Dallas and some of the best offenses in the league and it was third downs and their offensive line that really cost them offensively.


The, the key for them are the tackles Great rookie year, took a step back last year, had injuries. The O line is definitely their weakness. They're a bottom five or six unit by most metrics. But if the tackles go back to what they were as rookies, then it's more of your average team and you can get away with that. I have multiple texts to Seahawk's fan, Danny Kelly, The Ringer. I started my prep three, four weeks ago and this was one of the overs that just I, I thought was pulsating. It's like why is this seven and a half? Why would they be two wins worse? I could understand eight and a half, but seven and a half. I'm, I haven't made all my official Ps yet. I'm waiting for the extravaganza with Sal. This Seattle is one of the ones I circled.


And I, I think the question for me is, could this division produce three playoff teams or not? Because I think Green Bay and Detroit both make it one a FC South team. So then the other question would be, does one of these teams take Dallas's spot? And I think from a talent standpoint, if you compare Dallas to Seattle and the Rams, I don't think Dallas has more talent than either of those teams. They might be in the vicinity, but I, I wouldn't say they're more talented. So we'll see. I like that. Seattle pick. All right, two la I can't believe I really liked the first three. I can't even what you have in store for the final two. I can't wait.


We're we're gonna stay positive for the last two Cincinnati Bengals to win the a FC North plus 1 65. Wow. Okay. Yeah. Kind of going along with the Mike McDonald discussion is that Mike McDonald left Baltimore and I have concerns about whether Baltimore, you know, we're, we're buying really high on them right at, at this point last year, the Ravens were three to one to win their division. The questions were, you know, Lamar, can he stay healthy? Can he stay healthy? No. The answer prior to last year was no. Now he has the MVP season and now everybody wants to drink the, the Lamar, you know, Kool-Aid and, and get excited about how good Lamar Jackson is. And rightfully so when he plays, they're a very good team.


But I think the defense Skinny Lamar isn't he, didn't he lose weight skinnier Lamar? Exactly. And, and his immune system is very weird. He's sick more than any professional athlete I've ever seen. It's interesting. But offensively second year under Monken, I think teams will be able to adjust to them a little bit offensively and what they were doing and the skill positions aren't really still that great. So outside of Z Flowers, I mean we have the off injured Mark Andrews and then some real questions along the offensive line and the skill positions. The, so I, I think there's some real questions and look at their plan is to just run, you know, Derrick Henry into the line 30 times a game. I'm willing to take my chance that that will not be great at this point in his career. And I keep counting out Derrick Henry and he keeps proving me wrong.


So maybe I'll look like an idiot in, in a month or two. But the biggest thing for me here, the Bengals have a last place schedule and it plays a huge role in the differences in the matchups because the Ravens and Bengals will play 14 games that are exactly the same, including the two against each other. The difference is that Baltimore will play Buffalo, Houston and Tampa. Cincinnati gets to play New England, Tennessee and Carolina. That's like a two win gap in terms of win probability. Win-wins across the season. I'm not sure that the Bengals are any worse than the Ravens as currently constructed. Cincinnati improved their defense, which was a problem last year in the secondary, you know, just this time last year everybody was saying Lu Anna Ruo, she's like the best defensive coordinator in the league and now people have forgotten about him.


I'm back in on Cincinnati. Hopefully bur stays healthy. Hope they win the north. Yeah, it's interesting. I didn't even realize this as it was happening, but last year the NFC had the nine road games because they moved to the 17 game schedule and this year it's the a FC. So when you look at those nine road games, some of them, some of the nine road games slate, you're like, Ooh, that looks brutal. They have the opposite. I mean they obviously have Kansas City, but they're on the road against Carolina, against the Giants in week 11. They're at the Chargers, which is basically a home game. 'cause the Chargers don't have fans. They're at Dallas in week 14, which normally is terrifying. But I don't know if Dallas is gonna be good this year at Tennessee and then at Pittsburgh in the last week.


But it's not as intimidating. I, I guess the question for me, with the Bengals, it's the, the first this the the borough piece house. What do, what do your little birdies say about borough? They, where they were talking about this is a wrist injury that no, no professional athlete has gotten before, like, like some of the crazy risks that no, no it's gonna be fine. But there's been a lot of conjecture and talk and rumors about it and it just scares me. What do you think of Yeah, and some of that, you know, thought sharing was occurring like at the ground on the grounds at, at Bengals camp and folks I think are are highly attuned to watching Joe Burrow, you know, get comfortable in the role that it seems like the Bengals wanna put him in, which is under center to protect him a bit more.


But yes, this wrist injury by some indication is a one of one. I'm not touching the Bengals at all because of, of How Yeah, I think this is a stay away from me too. Yeah, I I I kind of wanna see it. Exactly. That's my view. Because the thing is they're definitely worse a running back, definitely worse at defensive back and they lost DJ re who I thought was important for them. Right. So if you're gonna tell me Burrow is awesome this year. Like I I, he's one of my favorite football players. Like I'm not betting against him. We've, we've, we've lost money to him. We've won a lot of money on him and they went nine and eight last year and he was basically messed up most of the year.


Dund, what do you think about this? Is it, is it okay if I wait until after week two at Kansas City? They play the Pats week one, they're gonna win that. If they lose that Pats game, then all the money you would've put on the Bengals anyway, you're like, oh my God, this is the worst bet I've ever made. And at Kansas City, get a feel for what that looks like. They're probably gonna lose and then kind of wait in after week two. Have you ever done the wait and see with the future or No? I think it depends on what the schedule looks like. The scary thing here is like Kansas City is the kind of team that can be got early in the season, right? And so if you do wait and they win that game, the odd shit all of a sudden you're cooked, right?


So, and you look at their schedule now, the Bengals have been slow starters just about every year with Borough. But New England at Kansas City, Washington home at Carolina, that's the first four weeks. You're not gonna get a much friendlier start. Then they play New York in week six. So after Baltimore at home in week five, like it's a pretty friendly first half. And you know, it just gets to the point, like if you go compare that to what Baltimore has to run through in terms of rest disadvantages too with Baltimore at the end of the season, their schedule gets really tough where they're playing. Either they have the Wednesday Christmas game after the Saturday war with Pittsburgh. That's unbelievable that they did that. I, it it jumps out like it, it's, I just can't believe that they think that way with the football schedule. Like that's a good idea to do that.


They're taking Christmas, they're stealing it from the NBA Crazy. The other case that I don't think can be understated is Deshaun a full year in Cleveland, a team that had good vibes last year down this stretch with feel good Joe Flaco and Deshaun. It's already like, just, just feels not awesome and what if they just stink and then Pittsburgh with this weird Wilson Fields thing that they feel like they haven't totally navigated yet. So it does feel like this division is a little, a little weaker than it did. I'm a little higher on Baltimore's weapons than you. 'cause the, the other tight end on the Ravens, I think everybody's been going nuts about, and I do kind of, kind of like the Derrick Henry, like maybe they can get one awesome year out them.


Where, where do you stand on the Derrick Henry Awesome. For one year house in Baltimore? No, I I Luke I'm not sold. Yeah, I'm lukewarm. I think they're offensive line doesn't, you know, instill a ton of confidence. But this division is impossible to to handicap because my instinct is to do what Dabs did there, which is to fade Baltimore. And this schedule thing is compelling. Like the Bengals absolutely by far have the easiest run of it in, in the division. But the problem is you have to talk yourself into Cleveland and you just laid out the case for why that might be a bit of, I'm not doing That of challenge. I'm, I'm not, and with Nick Chubb coming back off of catastrophic knee injury and Deshaun Watson with a frown on his face.


No, thank you. All right, it's time. So I've agreed on three I to me since he's a stay away. But I could also see myself on like September 3rd when I just wanna, I've, by the way, I didn't, I didn't tell you guy, I haven't talked about this on the pod. I intentionally have not bet on a single NFL future yet because I look back on my future bets last year and there was just carnage from June and July before I really had a handle on it where I just jumped. I was like, the Giants, why is that so low? And just betting overs in stupid shit. I had the Giants Pats overs I had, I, it was just embarrassing. God. Oh my. And I sage a lot of it in late August, early September.


So this year I put an artificial deadline of August 25th. I'm just not allowed to bet NFL futures until August 25th. And that's what I'm gonna do. Okay, here we go. Number one, Anthony Mundo, his favorite NFL future of the 2024 season. Let's hear it. Uhoh. Alright, so I bought This prop. He brought props, I brought, I bought this in week eight or nine of last year and just, just decided to become a huge Jordan Love fan. Liked him in college. Kind of forgot about him for a few years. Remembered that he was on the Packers going into last season and I was sitting there watching a couple of games and his receivers were letting him down and they were just a little bit off and they were so close to winning some games.


And I'm like, this team feels like they're gonna turn the corner. And the second half of the season, he was one of the three best quarterbacks in the NFL by, by the efficiency and the, and the comparison metrics and the accuracy metrics. EPA and CPOE that we looked at. He won house and I money in the playoffs. We love, we love Jordan Love, we love anyone that wins this money. E Exactly. And down the stretch, they were a really, you know, a big cash cow. They had some big wins. The, the Thanksgiving Day win in Detroit, they had the upset of the chiefs and then you saw the holes in the second half too, which were in one of the most impressively bad defensive stretches you will ever see in three consecutive weeks. They got diced up by Tommy DeVito, baker Mayfield.


It was so Horrible. And Bryce Young, who had the best game of his career against Green Bay and this Joe Barry defense, well, Joe Barry's gone, thank goodness they bring in Jeff Halfly who had been a coordinator at the college level and had been a defensive backs coach. Somebody I thought was really gonna turn around Boston College, but harder, harder to do that than just one coach. It's a structural issue in Boston College and playing in the A CC or whatever. But Halfly leaves BC a head coaching job in college to take an NFL defensive coordinator job. And I think it's a great hire. I think Halfly is a good defensive mind and you combine that with how young this offense is.


And we know that LaFleur is an excellent offensive coach at using, you know, different formations and different schemes to, to maximize the talent. There's no obvious number one guy, but they have so many guys who could become that, that I think this offense is really exciting. The offensive line does have some shuffling to take care of, but in terms of offensive line offensive coordinator and then just improving by getting rid of Joe Barry, the only thing that scares me is the kicking game. Anders Carlson appears to be the favorite to win the job and he was horrible last year, but Green Bay two to one to win the NFC North last year. One of the most heartbreaking losses in my life was Lions to win the NFC 12 to one.


It was my first bet last year. Wow. In like May. And I was already cashing the ticket, I was counting the money and, and they blew it. This year I'm kind of down on Detroit and I'm in on the Cheeseheads to win the division. It was the moment these unders came out, it was the under that jumped out and I didn't understand why it wasn't 10 or 10 and a half. Super Bowl 19 to one is interesting for them too. The number one seed in the NFC, which I think on FanDuel is plus seven 50 best record in either conference is 17 to one, 12 plus wins for them is plus 2 45. You laid out a lot of the case. I mean it rejuvenated Josh Jacobs would also would also be a fun piece of this, but I really like their receivers and it's one of those things where I don't even, I'm not even positive who the best Fannie receiver out of those four guys are, but the totality of it love getting paid.


The, the fans are just all in on this team. And then the juxtaposition of that with Rogers and the Jets and whatever's gonna happen with that. It just, there's a feel good feeling of that. And then how's the other thing you wanna say? Like, it's Detroit's year, this is it, this is the year they step up. They're getting a lot of Super Bowl buzz and a lot of hype. They had a really awesome year last year. Like you go back and it's, they were 12 and five, they beat the Rams, they beat Tampa and they lost by three points in the conference title game. Like that was an awesome year. It's hard to do that two years in a row when you have your breakout. Awesome year And, and I'm struggling with them a little bit because I do think top four talented roster, no question top five, top six, somewhere in there.


But a lot of things went right for them last year. And I just, I wonder when you have all the expectations now and the hype and the Lions fan base, like, oh my God, we're gonna make the Super Bowl this year. Look at what's happening in the nine Rs. It's all Dallas is worst. Like Philly's, there's a sirianni. Hertz didn't get along all last year's story in the NF season. Like this is our time. We have this and we've just seen with football that a lot of times the football zags, when everything is zigging, where do you stand on them house? I like them but don't love them. I like them at like 10 wins, maybe 11 because they, they were in, in the zone for 11 wins last season.


I, I want to sit tight for a little bit and I understand that you're gonna lose out on, on some of the good pricing here. You're talking on The pa on the Packers? Yeah, the Green Bay Packers. Yeah, yeah, exactly. I wa I wanna sit tight and, and I wanna see that defense a little bit because I, I feel like after watching, I lost a lot of money when Baker Mayfield went out there and beat their ass. I mean I still, I hold that against them and we, we had some money line exposure to them beating San Francisco and that mother Fra Carlson who should have been sent back to Europe as soon as that game was over, still being in the mix hurts my feelings. So I just have some bitter flavor in my mouth around them. But they for sure are, are live.


I like that NFC North bet. I, I do still have a lot of respect for Detroit and I think that Detroit is in as good a position as any to do the hard thing, which is, you know, hold up their end of the bargain in, in a repeat kind of season. But I like Green Bay very much. They're in the playoffs. They're a 10 or 11 win team. I don't mean to suggest anything different, I just am not all the way there with the, the full buoyance for this one. Couple, couple tough road games for them and then a couple ones I really like, like they're at the Rams week five. That'll be I would say 40,000 Packers fans at that game. They're at the Jaguars.


I don't think the Jaguars gonna be that good. They're at Minnesota, which will probably be a mess. They're at Tennessee. It's funny at Philly Friday night, week one September 6th. That might be the most interesting week one game. And I haven't, I've somehow avoided all the lines, but that's the one where I have a lot of questions I want answered about both of those teams. And especially as you read, I know you're an Eagles fan Tound, but as you read some of the stuff that's trickled out since the season ended and now that we're in training camp and then the big now, now they tell us piece about Siri and and Hertz. I just have real questions about them. I wanna, I just wanna see it like what is this gonna get worse or better like, 'cause you could argue Siri is a, a first coach fired candidate if it doesn't go well for them right away.


Right. Or you could argue they're gonna be back on track and be awesome. So Green Bay going in there and if Green Bay just whips the ball around and just kicks their ass, that will feel like the overreaction for week one. Right. Packers, They're for real. Oh my god. Super Bowl. We do this every year with week one. And that was the one I circled on the flip side. Philly laying it to them. People of the Eagles, they're back packers, eh, young team. We'll we'll see Eagles back. So I feel like that's the overreaction game. Where do, are you nervous about that game as an Eagles fan? So it's tricky. My relationship with the Eagles, I live outside of Philadelphia and grew up a Cults fan, so I'm kind of like indifferent about the Eagles.


I follow closely. Oh you're, You're not an Eagles fan. Interesting. No, most, most people. So you're Philly Assume this, You're Philly Except the Eagles, which is like sas Don't care. Interesting. Yeah, some have called me a hater just by my nature of being a wow contrarian. Wow that's really glass half empty. I just assumed so you're co but but I'm excited for it. I mean I think it could go so many different ways. Hertz and Sirianni do not seem like the type of personalities that immediately mesh and based on the reporting in that McManus Tim McManus story, like it doesn't sound like they're on the best of starts, they're gonna show for the cameras but at the first sign of trouble this could, this could still turn really ugly. But the talent, like if you just line up talent on talent, this is still one of the three best teams in the NFC by far.


So I like, I like Packers nine and a half and I think as long as that's single digits with the over under, I still feel like that's a really good bet. The Thing about Green Bay, if you look at their road schedule, it's actually pretty friendly. So they're gonna play the Eagles in Brazil so they don't have to go to Philly, which is a huge swing, right? That Friday night early game, they'll get extra rest coming home for their home opener against Indie. And then if you look at some of their road games, they get Jacksonville right after Jacksonville plays two in London, then they go to Chicago but it's off their bi-week. So some of their tougher road games, they go to Seattle but it's after extra rest. They'll have 10 days to get ready for that game. So a lot of their big road games are either not road games at all or they're in a rest advantage where you know, another team is at a disadvantage or they're getting extra rest to get ready for 'em.


So I think that's a underrated part of the Green Bay schedule. But again, like they're basically a coin flip in week one and that will have a huge leverage in terms of the NFC. How's that look at disappointment on my face was having done five weeks of prep and not realizing that Philly Green Bay was in Brazil. Oh I thought you knew even, even the great slip up. Yeah, for some reason I had it marked down as at Philly. But this is what happens. We're trying to do 900 things just quickly before we go. You said you're a Colts fan so over eight and a half for them, division plus 3 10, 11 plus wins plus 2 85. They were nine and eight last year. They added a pass. Rusher Richardson is back. Just what's your lean, They might be the worst secondary in the NFL but Richardson is so exciting.


I, I don't know how you can take an under on them. So I think they're like a nine 10 win team. So I would, I would lean to the over, but again, Richardson could go down again and I don't expect Joe Flacco to be able to recreate last year's magic that happens. But yeah, certainly the of offense is exciting. The offensive line is the top five unit again, which has not been true for a long time. So the fact that they're kind of back is huge for, for their outlook this season. But yeah, the secondary, they played a lot of bad QBs last year, got away with it. The corners. It's real ugly. So I, I think there's some concerns defensively about Indie. I agree. There're stay away from me. How, stay away for you or No, No. I bet they're over. I everybody Likes them.


What's that fair? You've bet every team, Because Steichen was so impressive last year. Yeah. I mean, making Garner Minsu look like a viable quarterback and that team being one play away from making the playoffs like that that's in, in, in the first season. That's that. It was so impressive. And we get a fully healthy Jonathan Taylor for a full season behind that offensive line. I, I, I think indie's live. All right. That was five favorites and segment that was, we tested out was supposed to be 25 minutes and we went for 50. Anthony DB Buno. Great to see you Joe House. Thanks as always, I appreciate it. All right, that's it for the podcast. Thanks to Kyle Creon. Thanks to Steve.


Rudy. Thanks to Joe House and Rob Mahoney. Anthony the Buno as well. I will see you on Saturday after the gold medal.


Must be 21 plus 18 plus DC and present in select states FanDuel offering Online Sports Wagering Kansas Center Agreement. Kansas Star Casino LLC game problem called 1-800-GAMBLER. Or visit FanDuel dot com slash RG in Colorado, DC, Iowa, Michigan, New Jersey, North Carolina, Ohio, Pennsylvania, Illinois, Kentucky, Tennessee, Virginia, and Vermont. Call one 800 next step or text Next step to 5 3, 3, 4 2 in Arizona. 8 8, 8, 7 8 9 7 7 7 7. Or visit cpg.org/chat in Connecticut 809 with in Indiana 8 5 2 2 4700. Or visit ks gambling help.com at Kansas. 8 7 7 7 7 0 Stop in Louisiana, MD gambling help.org in Maryland, eight gamble, do net in West Virginia, 8 5 2 2 4 700 in Wyoming. Hope is here. Visit a gambling helpline ma.org or call 8 3 2 7 50 50 for 24 7 Support of Massachusetts or call 1 8 7 7 8 Hope ny. Or text Hope and Y in New York.