
Coming up in Action Pack Sunday here on the BS podcast. Cousin Sal. Next, it's The Bill Simmons Podcast.


Presented by FanDuel Football is in full action. FanDuel's highest rated sports book is the best place to bet it all. We've been doing pretty well. I million dollar picks this year. I love the first month of the season because you have to go into the season thinking. I think Pittsburgh's gonna be good. I think the Chargers are gonna be good. I think Seattle's gonna be good. And then trying to back what you think in those first few weeks. And then zag the other way. if you were wrong, you could bid on new and fun markets on FanDuel, like to catch a pass. Same game Parlays highest scoring game across the Sunday Slate offensive tds. The next drive. They have so much stuff, it's crazy. The app is safe and scary and easy to use. And when you win, you'll get paid instantly. Plus, look out for FanDuel Squares this season. Here's what you have to do. Visit FanDuel dot com slash bs to download America's number one Sportsbook The Ringer is committed to responsible gaming. Please visit rg help.com to learn more about the resources and helplines available and listen to the end of the episode for additional details. You must be 21 plus and President in select states gambling problem called win hundred gambler or visit rg help.com.


This episode is brought to you by State Farm. State Farm helps you score an affordable price when you choose to bundle home and auto insurance with the personal price plan bundling home and auto. That's a pro move. Just another way you can save on your insurance needs. Talk to a State Farm agent today to learn how you can bundle and save with the personal price plan like a good neighbor. State Farm is there. Prices are based on rating plans that vary by state coverage. Options are selected by the customer availability. Amount of discounts and savings and eligibility vary by state.


We're also brought to you by The Ringer, Podcast Network Network. I have new re watchable coming for you on Monday. I hope it's scary month. It's a little scary 'cause I'm not feeling that great right now. But hopefully we're taping Hereditary tomorrow. So you'll, you'll see Sick Bill talking about one of the scariest movies of the last 15 years. Stay tuned for that. you can watch it on The Ringer movies YouTube channel as well. you can watch all the clips and videos from this podcast on the Bill Simmons YouTube channel where last week I did five episodes. Holy shit. Five episodes including four and a half hours of NBA over under with Illa and House. Had a great time. The lines moved. We even did a super boost over the weekend.


OKC 55 plus wins Cleveland 45 plus wins Phoenix 45 plus wins. FanDuel Sportsbook boosted that up to plus two 80. you can jump on that before Tuesday nights games. You could also go on the NBA page. There's the Simmons Future page where you get a nice little 30% profit boost for all of the futures heading into the season. We have a really good track record, so you should listen to us anyway. Hey, one ringer note. Todd Mcache has a new podcast launching for us on Tuesday. It's called the McShay Show. You've already been listening, I hope, on the illa podcast on Mondays. But the McShay show, we'll be launching on Tuesday.


So subscribe or follow wherever you get your podcast cousin is next. He's heartbroken the men outta the playoffs. But we get to make fun of the Jets and we get to complain about the NBA officiating. I We're live Sunday night, Cousin Sal here, and I don't know what's, you walk us through, walk us through your state of mind right now.


The Mets are done. They're out. One of your favorite baseball teams ever just tragically knocked out a Dodger stadium tonight and we lost our WNBA finals bet Oh, in a final second. So much could most generously be described as kind of rigged, but we'll get to that later. How you feeling about the Mets? I don't even care if we get to that later or the Mets, but you are right. I mean, this was a lot of fun. This team was a lot of fun to root for. And I, but I have to say, and you've been through this likes October baseball, like it's gonna be nice to not be scared to watch tv. You know, like you get nervous watching. I'll even say scared and my kids are nervous and scared. Yeah.


It's like watching the Shining 12 of the last 14 nights and not knowing the ending any of the nights. And it sucked. But I think as a fan, and maybe you'll agree with this, like the the saving graces are, we played a better team and our losses weren't close So. it wasn't like, ah, damn. Right. So those two things make it a little less, a little more bearable. But I love this team and I know people are gonna be like, well, you paid $700 million, but it's not exactly true. We had like 80 million in dead payroll between Scherzer and Verlander and Yeah. And Hawk and Grimace. Like they, they, you know, they don't count on the cap, but what'd you pay for haw? I forgot about that.


Yeah, Hawk Tua was big throughout the first pitch. We won like 70% of our games. But yeah, I don't know. I, they gave us some great moments and moments. I I just, I'm proud of some of them. I really am. Just feels like there's been a lot of sad sal this this fall. I know it's the year of sad one goes, it was like Seinfeld had the year of George. We have the year of Sad Al What, what could happen next? I'll pick it back up. I'll pick it back up. I'm excited. My cowboys are very good after beating that Juggernaut Steelers team now I have hope again. Right. The Cowboys had a bye week. So that was a positive. Yeah. Right. Yeah. The Mets were overachievers. And when you're overachievers, you need to win a couple dumb games during a series when you're playing somebody who's way better than you.


And you never won the dumb game. Right? You just got, you just got killed in the losses. Yeah. I felt like it was Yankees, Dodgers. I have a lot of Yankees thoughts. I'm happy to share them now to to, to cheer you up if you want. Let's do it. Yeah. I mean, I'm definitely rooting against the Yankees. I have way more a-hole Yankee fan friends than I do Dodgers. Well, I've told you this off the podcast, but my dream was for the Yankees to make the World Series. Yeah. I thought the higher the stakes, the longer the fall would be. Sure. And everything I thought might happen that I prayed would happen with the Yankee fans who haven't won a title in 15 years who have bitched about Aaron Boone and Brian Cashman for the last five nonstop ad nauseum all the way through like pretty much three fourths of the way through the summer.


And now the chess are puffed out again. Yeah, yeah. Because you beat the guardians and the royals and your chest are puffed out. You hit two 30 in nine playoff games. Like, oh, look out, big bad Yankees are back. I can't wait, wait for the Dodgers to, to just ram it right up their sprinklers. I can't wait. I nice. I can't wait. I am such a Dodger fan between Mookie and going against the Yankees. I can't fucking wait. I'm on a lot of cold medication too, by the way. Wow. I didn't know that. I can't wait. This is great. Oh, soda. What that bat? He 15 pitches against some fucking pitcher I've never heard of. Oh, okay.


Let's see it. Let's see. It gets up. I'm cheer Dodgers. I'm, I'm a hundred hundred percent cheered up. I love it. Let's go. I love its, yeah, let's go. The Yankees who haven't won Jack shit in 15 years, they've won one title this century and now their fans think they're hot shit again and they're on brand at all times and I fucking love it. Good, good. We just need those go, go, go Dodgers. Look at you. And if it had been the Mets, I would've been like, go Mets. But it's actually better if they lose to the Dodgers. Yeah, well, yeah. I mean that would, and that's the scary part, right? It's the worst thing of all sports if the Mets lose to the Yankees. So I didn't really wanna risk that once I knew they were in there. But I, I have to root for my team of course. But yeah. Is this the first time, when was the last time any league got exactly the matchup they wanted?


Was it warriors? It's true. Warriors cabs. I don't even know if that was the matchup they wanted. I, I guess, I guess those were the prayers they wanted, but Yeah. Yeah. I mean this is, this never happens in hockey, right? Every year in hockey we're like, oh man, can you imagine if it's Mcda or against, So-and-So, and it just never seems to happen. Yeah. And then in baseball it's happening. I don't remember what I just said the last five minutes, but if, if it was so, okay, we're live something negative about the Yankees. That's Yeah, that's fine. Literally five years of Aaron Boone, his, oh, he's gotta goso serial killer. He's gotta go. Yeah. He's murdering this team. Cashman's murdering this team. How? And then they, they, the American League was awful.


I mean though, did you see that Royals team in the playoffs? There was a team that made the playoffs and then you go to the guardians who their best pitcher was the closer who all of a sudden couldn't get anybody out for some reason. Right. I love it. Yeah. It's, listen, it's, it's all home runs. Right. So they needed Soto. They needed Stanton, they needed Judge. They needed two of those three guys to produce. Yeah. And they got that. And it's, it's right time. Every, I don't know, maybe Maybe, they'll calm down with a few days off and stuff. But we have to root against the Yankees. I'm sorry. And then this recency bias era we live in. It's like Stanton, this is one of the best playoff Yankees ever. It's like you guys haven't won a World series. You guys won a million World Series I, we can name 40 Yankee Batters over the course of history who were more important to the Yankees franchise than, than Stanton.


Yeah. 'cause he has like 73 more playoff games than Yogi Berra because they were like three outta five series to get to the World Series. And that was it. So it. There's been seven Gatorade celebrations 'cause of this stupid sport that we've created where e every, every five days you get to celebrate again. Anyway, go Dodgers. Good luck to Mookie bets. I hope Tani, wouldn't it be great if Tani pitched next round outta nowhere? Oh wow. Oh, he should at least pitch to the last batter. Hi. And where did Luke Weaver come from? I'm in an American League Keeper league. Nobody had ever heard of that guy until, yeah. Three months ago. And now he just pitches every game. Now he is throwing hundred 30 miles an hour. The Yankees make me so mad.


You know what I'm gonna do after this podcast? Go ahead. I'm gonna console myself with my four World series DVDs from this century. Wow. Try to calm myself down. Yeah. Four times as many Yankees, no offense. But I'm gonna watch the Mets documentary Once Upon a Time in Queens. I know the Red Sox are, you can watch that. That was a million years ago. There you go. 20th anniversary of a lot of good stuff that happened with the Red Sox Yankees too. Oh, that's right. When everything turned. Yeah. Oh yeah. Cough medicine Bill. I love it. Yeah. Oh, it's more than cough medicine man. I It may what? Cocaine? It might be straight drugs. Cocaine. I think I took Fentanyl cocaine. Did you? Well save WNBA for right before Parent Corner. 'cause I have some thoughts on that too.


Heated drugs. Yeah, sure. Yeah. Yeah. NFL. So week seven. I needed a name for this because week seven is when you really can't fool people anymore. You kind of are who you are. You've been scouted. if you have any holes, they're gonna get picked. If you have any warts, they're gonna be pulled. So I was thinking like, I'm sure your wife has this, my wife has it too. Those circle makeup mirrors. Yeah. Where you can flip it and it like magnifies and if you flip it, you can, you look at your face, it's all, you don't even understand what you're looking at. The pores are like so crazy. you can flip it around. You get this nice, this is makeup mirror a week s this is the week. There's no hiding.


You turn that light on, you're looking and it's like, yeah. That's a zit. Yeah, that's a mole right there. Yeah. That's an old age spot. Everybody who had those flaws, the makeup mirror got shined on them this week. Including, you're on fire. You're on fire today. This is a good, this good's, when I'm on drugs, I'm always better. You're the, this is the NyQuil ninja coming at us tonight. This, I love it. I love it. No, you're right. The bad teams were, were terrible today. They were absolutely terrible. And I think we saw the top of the line teams, you know, emerge. And you know how I know this because I don't know, maybe I'll, I'm giving you a little bit of a hint here. if you look at the week eight lines, they look like real line Simmons.


They're not like one and a half two. I noticed that when I was guessing and shit like that. You know? So anyway, we'll get into that. Well we had Tennessee lost by 24 to Buffalo. Right. The Giants lost by 25 to Philadelphia, new Orleans on Thursday night lost by 23 to the Broncos and Carolina lost 40 to seven to Washington. And then my stupid team lost by 16 to the Jags. But it was like, there was a little bit of, a bit of a settling of now we're, we really have a sense of who the bad teams are. You did get excited, I don't know if you were loaded up on cold medicine this morning when the pat scored the first touchdown because you were, you we're 10. Nothing. I know you hit us with a little bit of a text barrage. I'm like, oh, I hope this holds here. Well what happened was we came to London with 10 plays.


Nine of them worked and then they were like, oh shit, there's two and a half hours to go in the game. What do we do now? Should we hand off again to an eight man front? Yeah, let's do it again. Maybe Antonio Gibson will break through this time. Make up merit team. The jets who, we've had a fall guy now two straight weeks or some sort of magical elixir or something. It was, they fired sala. They traded for Devonte Adams. Even though you, it seemed like you could do whatever you want against their defense. And now the Steelers really kind of used and abused them tonight. And now I guess the fall guy's gonna be the kicker. 'cause he missed another one. Sirloin. Yeah. He has the next one. You know, they, they just fired Jeff Albridge, the coach.


You know, they got rid of No, they didn't. I would've believed that. Why not? Aaron says, that's it, that's it for you. You get one shot, two and five. But smart Devante Adams trade, he was just, what they've needed, they, they managed to not crack 20 points again, here's what they have for points this year. 19 24, 24, 9, 17, 20 15. And is that less or the same as last year? 'cause coming into this week it was exactly the same. I think as 2023 is offensive output. Six. You probably, probably around the same output, right? Yeah. Yeah. That's it. It can't be more. Yeah, theyre, they're bad. The defense is a very good, they're not very good.


I'm, I'm done with them on prime time too. Even though I think we got like two more bad news. Two the next four. Yeah. Nike two, the next four. Oh, they did it early. So that in case he goes away or something. Oh, just God help us if they're flexed in like week 14 or something. But they Yeah, they were, they're bad. They're, I didn't understand that line at all. I made it a rat line. It was two and four at four and two. if you look at FanDuel, the over under for wins for the Jets was seven and a half. For the Steelers. It was eight and a half. I'm like, I'm staying away from this. Except for the Sal Special. Yeah. Jets first half Steelers win the game. Plus eight 50. Did that hit? God bless it. Hit anybody who was on it. Oh my God. What is that four times now? I think it's three. Three. Yeah. But at eight to one each time, you know.


Oh my God. So yeah. Good, good for the Jets Smart team. You know, that line was super suspicious and then it moved by game time. It was basically two and a half on FanDuel. Yeah. Jets by two and a half. I, I, I just felt like I had to, just out of sheer respect for Mike Tomlin and just the whole infrastructure. I had to tease the Steelers to eight and a half. Nice. With the, I teased the over down to 33. Oh, I thought you teased them with the Mets. I was gonna be upset, but No, I, okay, good. I didn't do that. But it just seemed like we had a lot of disrespectful lines this week and all of them came back to bite whoever. Right, right. The lines was disrespectful. The Chiefs Mahomes as an underdog was just, I, I just can't believe that happened.


But in this case, so I did that and then you're watching the game and the Jets looked really good for about a half hour. A little like the Patriots. And I'm thinking, oh man. And Russ is like getting, he got booed. You probably were in in Mets. Hell, but I didn't hear her audio. I think his third series. And he just looked bad and and just terrible pass. He got booed and Collinsworth was stammering and it just seemed like it was gonna go super ugly. And then all of a sudden the game flipped. Well, from what I saw and could gather, I had the game on also, but I wasn't listening. But he threw some good passes but he threw what's more telling is his bad passes might fit this offense that Eli Manning.


Such a good point under Underthrown. As long as it's one-on-one to Pickens, he's gonna maybe get it more than five times outta 10. And then you're all set. So kudos. And by the way, they spend a million and a half dollars on both these guys like Fields and Wilson. I don't blame the coach for being like, all right, let's see what else we got here. You know, like Fields isn't exactly the franchise quarterback right away, even though they're foreign two. So good job by them for now. Right. We talked about it last Sunday that we thought Fields they won. But he was bad last week. I didn't think he was good against Dallas either. And I wasn't surprised when they made this switch. But I'm so glad you brought up the deep ball offense. Yeah, we've been talking about this the entire time.


You and I have been doing this podcast dating back to 2007 that if you don't really have a passing offense, just fucking chug it down field. And Pickens is a among the best people to do that with. He's really good at like slowing down, jumping in traffic, contested catches. I was texting our fantasy guys. I was like, this is my dream offense. I've been right. I've been begging for everyone else dreams about like the West coast offense or four verticals. I'm like, I just wanna see somebody chuck it down, one of the sidelines just like it. It's either an interference, it's a catch, it's incomplete or there's what a 10% chance it's picked, but then it's like a punt. Yeah. Right. There's kind of no downside versus like having somebody just go back to pass and third and eight gets tipped at the line, whatever.


So Pickens is the perfect guy for it. And I felt like it, we have to figure out name for that pass. We have to out Flacco. Flacco's perfected it. Alright. Alright. I thought e liked it. I know you mentioned Eli and Eli definitely did it, but Flaco, this was the Ravens offense in the mid 2000 tens. 'cause they were like, ah, just go back and just fucking throw it. I meant to write it down, but Collinsworth called it something much more diplomat. It was much more like tentative moons called it Moon balls. Moon ball. Yeah. Oh, these moon balls in a, in a a positive way. He was saying it. Yeah. Maggie, it makes me think of Moon Moon Po and roller ball with James K. It it's a great movie. It's bad futuristic violence, Mike.


It's so good. The moon ball offense. It's pretty right. It's Ross has got a boon but he is got Crescent Moon. He is got waxing crazy. He's got everything. Half Moon, he might as well mood us. Mike might as well pull his pants down and mood us. That's what he's doing with his offense. Pick and seem way happier. You know, I never really know whether to believe this or not. So I always like try to read between the lines. But it was interesting, some of the, some of the feedback on the practice during the week. Even Melissa Stark before the game. Like there's a real energy with this team. We were there two weeks ago in the field. The energy feels different. So, it maybe the Fields thing was a little worse behind the scenes with people feeling like, like he could run the offense correctly.


They're also, I mean the other thing is their running backs are healthier than they were the last couple weeks. So the Steelers are five and two one's nice when he is healthy. He could, yeah, they could trade off between those two. So this is one of my big, I mean pretty much all of my big ones before the year except the, the freaking Jaguars, but Pittsburgh and Seattle, who's now in first place in the NFC West, I'm feeling good about my futures Jets two and five at the Patriots next week. Home for Houston four days later on a Thursday night. That's a tough game. 'cause Houston's d-line I think is really good. Right At Arizona week 10 home indie week 11 on a Sunday night.


So they're two and five. What's their record in four weeks? Would you go four and seven? Five and six. Four and seven would be five. And six is, well, they're playing great ball and getting lucky I would say is what, but four and seven is more likely. I mean, you can't say the Patriots was their only, I don't know. They, they barely beat the Titans and then they beat your team on a Thursday night. Like there's no real game on the schedule that they're definitely gonna win. Right. Well on the flip side, the kicker costs them week four and week five. Yeah. So you could Right. Could talk yourself in a whatever reality you want. No, that's what I'm saying. Everything's closed. Like they're not, you can't say you definitely winning this. Definitely winning this, you know, so yeah, I feel like I've watched an inordinate amount of jets this season and I don't if Yeah, because they on us.


Yeah. Because they're on, or they're in London or they're on night. Yeah. It just feels like Rogers is getting hit a lot and now like he's just bleeding all of it's like a wrestler. It's like see him punk or something. Right, right, right. It's bleeding all over the place. Right. It's a Tarantino film every time he goes out there. For sure. They don't feel like a playoff team to me. So, and I don't think so either. I know, I know we do this over and over and over again with the standings, but just like Buffalo now has a three game lead over them in the division. Yeah. So I, I would say unless Alan gets hurt, lock them in Pittsburgh and Baltimore in the north. There's three Houston in the south, that's four. And then Chiefs and then I, I just like the Chargers more than them.


That's six. So now they're battling against the Broncos, the Colts, the Bengals. Maybe Miami if Tua can come back in time, but, so it's not, it's not do maybe nine and eight, it's seven seed. That's their only path. I don't think they can, that that's what they have to hope for. Because like I said, they could go eight and three the rest of the way. They don't have it up yet. But Vandal had 'em at seven and a half before, before today's game. So whether they're like a solid seven win team at this point going forward, I think they, they're gonna have to up it by three to make the playoffs. What's the funniest outcome? 'cause I have an idea. Go ahead. Tell me yours. I'll lemme see. Roger's asking for a trade on McAfee show on Tuesday saying this just didn't work this week already.


This just didn't work. You know, I look around, I see some other teams and maybe there's a better place for me. I, I just think that would cause a riot. I like that too. That could shut down Twitter. Right. For the election, which we probably need. Oh yeah. Yeah. Do it Aaron. Come on. Do it Aaron up. Just that. Float it out. Float it out. Aaron, some teams out there, I see some holes. The QB that or Power Forward for the Minnesota Links. He's decided he is moving. He's changing. That's it. Yeah. Oh my god. Jets have the same, actually Miami has a half game lead over the Jets and it feels like they're the most, one of the four or five most unwatchable teams in, in either conference.


And they have a better record. They have a half game lead on their How is that possible? Our friend JJ was watching their game, you know, he is a big Dolphins fan. Yeah. And screaming at the tv. Like, I think, I don't, I don't know what it is that he, he, I think he had more faith in. Who's that idiot that comes in at the third string Boyle, Tim Boyle than the, the other 15 of us sitting in the room watching. But yeah, that's on a fun team. Is he still there? Is he just slumped on a chair? What? Did you leave him there or what happened to him? He did. Oh, the Yankee enthusiasm turned on a dime real quick. Didn't take much. So he had a lot of swagger 'cause of the Indians worlds when, sorry. Yep. We're gonna take a quick break for the podcast.


Get ready to tackle the NFL action with FanDuel America's number one sports book right now. New customers can bet five and they get 300 in bonus bets. if you win. FanDuel Sports Book app gives you everything you need to place live bets on the NFL all in one place. if you get a hunch in the middle of the game, check out the latest stats. if you live play by, play in so much more on the same page where you place your bets. Just visit FanDuel dot com slash bs to join today. You'll get started with $300 of bonus bets if you win your first $5 bet. Never waste a hunch. Make every moment more with FanDuel. An official sports book partner. The l you must be 21 plus and President Select states or 18 plus and President in DC. First online Real Money Wager only five first deposit required bonus issued as non-drivable. Bonus bets, which expire seven days after receipt restrictions supply. See terms at sportsbook dot FanDuel dot com. Gi problem call win hundred gambler. Visit RG help com.


This episode is brought to by SimpliSafe. Let's talk defense for a moment. Not the kind you say in the field. I'm talking about what you're doing to protect your home. I personally like to use SimpliSafe. They have my back 24 7, even more so right now with their new active guard Outdoor protection. Because if somebody's circling in your house, they wanna maybe peek through some windows to check if some doors are unlocked, you have active guard outdoor protection. They're gonna be way less ready to do that. And by the way, the holidays are coming. Think about, this is like the Super Bowl for burglars. The summer. That's probably the NBA finals. And the the holidays is the Super Bowl. They can't wait for you to leave presents in the house. They can't wait for you to go to Christmas parties. The best thing SimpliSafe does gives you peace of mind. Everyone deserves to have peace of mind. That's why I have partnered with SimpliSafe to give you guys an exclusive discount. Right now, you can get 50% off their new security system with a select professional monitoring plan. Just visit SimpliSafe dot com slash bs. 50% off this offer is only valid for one week. So visit the website now SimpliSafe for two eyes SimpliSafe dot com slash bs. There's no safe like SimpliSafe


before we get to Chief Niners off that Jets conversation. Cross off teams seven weeks. Yeah. Can we come up with seven right now, Carolina? I think we can, I I don't wanna go back on this though, because we've been criticized about crossing teams off and that like Giants, we, we crossed them off. Were very close to us. The left, the left, the right, the far right. It was, it was, was it the Red States? Who's criticized? The guys, you know the, remember the Swift Boat people? Oh, the no, no. But so we crossed off the Giants and we brought 'em back. Let's just keep teams crossed off. What's the worst that's gonna happen? Giant. How about Giant? Keep the Giants crossed off. We were right. Okay. Yeah. Alright. I'm good. Well, these three are crossed off the England, Carolina and Cleveland Panthers, Patriots.


They're all one and six. They're done. Done. Yep. And Carolina Lombardi said this on my pod on Thursday, I think. And I, I actually think he might be right that this is the worst team of the decade now. This Carolina team. Really, they've gotten worse every week. They were down 37. Nothing today. And they weren't even like, yeah, maybe we should throw Bryce Young out there. They, they didn't even do that. I was just gonna say, you know, it's bad when he's has, he is pretty much set to come back week eight after how bad he was. Yeah. So, all right. So those three for sure. I think Tennessee at one and five. Yeah. I don't see a path for them. They're awful. Yeah. I, they gave up 27 unanswered to Buffalo today. That was my best bet. And people killed me. Like, oh no, I I, I did have some reluctance once they switched from, from Will Levis to Ru Rudolph and then FanDuel made, it went from eight and a half to nine.


I'm like, all right, I'm not gonna overthink this. Yeah. Rudolph's a 59% passer, you know, the bills will demolish them at home. It took a minute, but they did. Yeah. You were close for a second. All right. So there's four, two, and five teams. I don't think the Jets are a cross off yet. Okay. Vegas. They just lost eight. You know, it's bad when it's like, oh no, Aidan O'Connell hurt. Oh no. What are we gonna do? We don't have a Ocado. Poor Minchi comes back, which is one of my favorite football scenarios. Every year when you, the guy gets pinched, then has to come back in a week later. Right? Really tough. Yeah. What's, what's the, like, the marital equivalent of that?


Like, I'm moving out, I'm having an affair with my assistant, and then a week later like, Hey honey, I'm back. Hey, I'm back. Hey. It didn't work out. Yeah. Yeah. That's, it's, sorry. Hey, you didn't, you didn't put my stuff in the attic yet, did you? Minchi was just back, and by the way, he's, he was just as terrible as he was before he got benched. Yeah, they're fought. Well, I mean, the coach is hilarious. The only reason to wa watch them is the, the coach to watch him kick a field goal down, you know, seven or eight, whatever with the, well, no, let's, let's two minutes. Let, but we can wait. It's 20 to 12. There's four minutes left. And it's fourth in goal from I think the four. Yeah. And first they get a false start, which is just like that.


That's the last level when you, like the Patriots absolutely would've a false start in that situation. The worst coach teams are always gonna do something dumb in that spot. So now it's fourth and nine, they're up eight and you still have to go for it because even if you don't get it, they're stuck inside the 10. Sure. Maybe, you'll get a pass interference in the end zone. You're basically turning a one touchdown game into a one touchdown game. There's no reason to do it. Of course. None that I can think of. No. Pierce brings the kicker in and kicks it, at least line up to draw 'em off size and try to get five yards closer. And then you're definitely going for it. But you should be going for it anyway. Because guess what? Look at the scoreboard. You have 12 points against the Rams defense. You, you're, it's not your day.


So you're not gonna get down there three more times, two more times another time. So yeah, go for the touchdown there. But anyone who had the spread, so I think you're right with the, 'cause they have five losses. They have the chiefs twice, two and five. They're, they're done. They have the chargers and they're at the Bucks. So they're gonna have nine for sure. They're one of the most poorly coached teams in the league. And they have bottom five quarterbacks. Yeah. It's, it's a pretty tough combo. I, I mean, I even like the pat situation Mark. 'cause at least we can move the ball. So that's six, right? Six teams, Vegas Giants two and five. Yep. Tennessee, new England, Carolina, Cleveland. And then if we wanna do a six, I can offer you the two and five Jags. The two and five jets.


Two and four Miami or the two and four Rams. And I, I wouldn't cross off any of those, I don't think. All right. Yeah. We got some time. But out of those I would say Jags, I would probably be the most excited to cross off. Just 'cause I, I'm not buying just 'cause you beat the, one of the worst coach least talented teams right. In the, the last couple years. I'm not gonna throw a party. Yeah. If this was NCAA field, they're the first first buy. They're the first ones coming in. If we have to kick somebody out. You think Doug got a window? Or is he in the aisle? Where, where is he coach? Middle seat coach. Is he middle? He's not middle seat. Dug in the fight home. I, I think that No, you gotta say coach middle seat. That's half the joke.


Co coach because he's Dr. He's flying coach and he is middle seat. Yeah, but he is also coach Coach. Middle seat coach middle seat. Yeah. Okay. No, but you make that more than middle, middle seat, Doug. I dunno. I, I think I do. But he got an extra he did today. Bag of peanuts. That's it. Nothing. I guarantee nobody noticed this. But so they're up. I, I forget they're up. They're maybe 13 or 15. It's a two score game and it's like fourth and two in the fourth quarter. And Doug decides to go for it. If it's a field goal, he's up 18. We now it's a three position game with 10 minutes left and we have no offensive line.


And instead Doug goes for it for recent set remain on like the game's o we've lost the ability for coaches to just say, Hey, if I do this now, the game's over. People are like, now if we go for fourth to two, maybe we, I don't even know what the rationale is anyway. We stuff 'em, pats come down and they score and Mayo, who needs a nickname? Maybe he's middle seat Mayo. I don't, I don't even know what his nickname is. He's just awful. He's just an awful coach. Go goes for two down nine and we don't get it. Right. And that's it. And the reason you had to go for two is 'cause earlier in the game on a PAT, we jumped off sides and then they went for two and got it and they went up.


So instead of being up 14, they're up 15 because they got a yard closer. Yeah. So now we have to chase the PAT when we score and we don't get it and we stay down nine and, and we're done. And Mayo had some just classic quotes after the game. The guy doesn't move during the game. He doesn't, does no coaching whatsoever. Poorly poor planning. We have no strategy past the first half of the first quarter. We have multiple guys grumbling after the game. Kendrick Bourne's agent today after the game did this Instagram post like congratulated Kendrick Bourne for his professionalism because they told him he was gonna be healthy scratch. And then somebody was sick and he ended up playing last minute, caught a touchdown. Then he was talking shit about Polk the rookie and how he is gotta get out of this mental state he is in.


And PO's like, I'm fine, I just need to make some plays. It, this is just such a train wreck. I can't believe this was like Kraft's handpicked guy who by the way, he handpicked like six years ago and openly talks about it. Yeah. Guy was on Belichick's coaching staff out of everything you just said. The thing that surprises me most is that Kendrick B has an agent, but I'll, I'll believe you. But yeah, I, it's, we were saying earlier, this is a bad year for Mayo, but with the Will Levis and the coffee and your coach really, it just, just a rough year for Mayo all around. Yeah. Recent health studies that came in. It was down on the condiment rankings. He's, he just gives this interview after and he is like, we're just a soft team right now.


We're a soft team. It's like, boy the coach. I bet, I bet the coach is gonna really lay it to, oh wait, you're the coach. You're responsible for whether this team is soft or not. We don't have physical practices. Yeah. Oh, I'm sorry. It was KJ Osborne. Kyle reminded me. I got KJ Osborne and Kendrick confused. Oh was, oh he has, yeah. KJ Osborne. Yes. That kind. Is that less surprising than he is an agent? I dunno, it's it's exactly the same. My bad KJ Osborne, I'm mixed up our anonymous receivers who are probably getting paid too much money. But yeah, we have a soft team. According to Gerard Mayo, who, who is the person in control of every practice. Don't you immediately lose the locker room if you say you have a soft team. I think he already lost it. What's the rumblings like between the punter and the free safety?


I got coaches. We're soft. I know. Are we? I don't know. Maybe we are. It's stupid penalties fault now. They have terrible play calling. You know who jumps off sides on a PAT. Like that's, that's side alone that you have no idea what you're doing. This guy, he's been just awful. You're down to three and a half wins on FanDuel and through Shade to Belichick this week too. Right? About like shaded him on the roster. It's like the, you you wouldn't have a career if it wasn't for Belichick. It was the guy who gave you coaching chance. Yeah. And you're butting up with craft. I I'm just disgusted by the whole thing. All right, so we have six cross up teams. Well let me hold on, lemme look at this real quick.


'cause you have three have six New England, Carolina, Cleveland, Tennessee, Vegas Giants crossing 'em off. That's it. Yep. And we can't bring 'em back. It's not like JJ like changing his survivor pick every week. Gotcha. Right. Yeah. You guys, you guys, wow, you have the lowest win total. Three and a half. Listen, before the season, as I repeatedly just picked Pats unders and alt unders and you were getting mad at me and like they can't block, they're poorly coached and they've had a bunch of defensive injuries already. The thing is May is good and you know what? When that's the thing. Yeah. He, he's one, he's a person to root for. You only have to root for him. Isn't it nice you don't have to root for this team, all this other nonsense with the coach and everything's fun.


He he is gonna be gone anyway. You have one player to root for and that's nice. you can, you can concentrate your efforts on Drake may him No one sets us today. Right. He's super fun to watch. I thought he made the, the nerds will come out with all of their like advance where they break down the plays and give him the ratings. Yeah. I guarantee his ratings are good in that game. 'cause he did a lot of good stuff and we can't block Yeah. And drops terrible drops in the first half. Chief Dyer diners. So Mahomes now moves to 12 one and one as an underdog. And I'm gonna pause at you with this question because that was the stat that was the reason I picked the Chiefs. I'm not gonna, I I almost swept a million dollar picks today. I did, I lost, I lost the Packers by half point.


It was four and one, I just missed it. So is Mahomes 12 1 0 1 as an underdog? I think that's what it was. He was Or or are the chiefs 12 1 0 1 during the Mahomes era playing off the tweet that you did today, which I thought was a really good tweet about the the defense. Oh, the defense. Yeah. Go ahead. Do your thing on this the most. Well it's just the most underrated unit I think of the decade spas. Spla. Right. Like the chiefs keep them in all these games. All the important games. You could blame it on the refs or whatever else. It's the defense that has 'em there. And especially this year, you have, what does he have? Six touchdowns, eight interceptions, Mahomes. Yeah. He better not be tops for MVP. I know they're undefeated. I get it.


But they're the reason he is in this, what happened with him, he, like, he coached the Rams, he got fired and then he was just like a, like an, you know, he, he, he was, he just became the best defensive coordinator. 'cause nobody wanted to take a chance with him again. It's great. He's, he's excellent. A completely, I I guess an overpaid defensive coordinator slash specialist. Right? He's paid as a head coach or close to a head coach, but just wants to run the defense. He's gonna go in that class three 70. I think there's a chance he could go in the hall of fame as a defensive coordinator. Interesting. But overshadowed by Andy Reed all the time. Right. All we heard about was the, his record off of buy and Yeah. Mahomes, like you just said, record as an underdog.


You don't hear about Ola. That defense is excellent. Really good. The defense is the reason they won the Super Bowl. They were four and five in the red zone today, which really helped. And then you mentioned Mahomes 154 yards, zero touchdowns, two picks, had a rush TD for the season. Six touchdowns, eight picks. He has not to 1400 yards yet. And I would say he's probably as a fantasy quarterback probably in the twenties. Oh yeah. He's like, gotta be like QB 22 or something like that. He did have a great, he had two great plays today. One, he decked Mustafa, the safety for the touchdown. I love, he seems bigger this year. And then he's mastered the, I'm gonna run out of bounds. Oh actually I'm not, I'm cutting back in play.


Which feels like a, like it's cheating. Yeah. They should almost allow that extra step then because if you, if you take a hit at 'em on the sidelines. But yeah, it really is. It's like, ah, my father could kick your father's ass. So watch, watch what I could do. You know, like, oh, we gotta let him get away with it. What are we gonna do? You know? Yeah. Well it was one of the biggest game biggest things to the games. The other thing that happened today, y do you see the movie Frost Nixon? Oh yeah, sure. Really good. Right? I, I mean famous, one of the great interviews of all time famous interview immortalized in a really good movie. We'll see what happens with Brady Mahomes. I dunno if you saw that interview, but it was really the frost Nixon of this decade.


Yeah. Really. Some, some hard hitting questions, some really indepth answers. Really? I was riveted. So good. Do you remember after the a FC title game? And I came over and I said, Hey man, I wish you luck. Yeah, yeah, I do remember that. Then they cut to like a watch outta the stadium. Next question. Right, right, right, right. These interviews are so bad. Why do they have these? They spend like a cajillion dollars with 17 cameras filming them and it's the worst content you could have possibly have. Yeah. I and I, I don't like, it's like, and by the way, I was about to compliment them. I was like, well, Brady's gotten better. Like whatever you might, he might not be your favorite, but we know what he is now.


And he's like, he, he's in the flow of announcing, you know, but then these interviews, first of all, interview Jackson Mahomes or, or the, or the wife or something. Anything's gonna be better. But the one thing I don't like that Brady does is like, oh, this guy was the bane of my existence. This guy, this coordinator was a bane of my Andy Reeds a bane and was like this winning, winning a support of all time. Whatcha about you never lost to anybody. Yeah. You beat everybody. Yeah. It's like Howard Stern asking, oh, how much you, wow. You make $4 million a year. It's like, shut up, you make 400 million. Shut up enough. You know, we're not buying this. This guy was debating my existence. I would've had a 900 winning percentage if not for this guy that was just 8 99.


He, he's getting a little better as a game announcer. But he also has a bunch of ticks now that he's gotta get rid of. He, he always says like, and again, what I was saying about the receivers, like he's always bringing us back to something you said 10 minutes ago. Right. Tuned in. Like just keep going. Yeah, it's been great for Romo. 'cause I think it's been a really strong romo year. Meanwhile the Niners are not just our leaders for the year from hell. I think they've just about locked it down. Like are you looked like he tore his ACL? Yeah. They, it seems like they fear it and we'll find out if fish it tomorrow, but should we cross 'em off? Is that what you're getting at? No, but they're three and four.


I know pretty through picks today on the KC 34, on the KC 31 and on the KC five. And there was a question, remember last year I'd be like, yeah, sure Brock Purdy's doing well, but what would he be like with all these weapons? And it's like, today we found out or did we find out? 'cause I still like Purdy, but that'll be the game people pointed. This is what happens when you just have weapons. He sucks. You know, I blame myself. I think because we, you and I have flip flopped on Shanahan a lot and I I know I've flipped on Purdy a lot and like three weeks ago I was like that. That's it. I'm done. He's really good. He's very, very good. Not, not even for a MR. Or irrelevant. Yeah, he's very good at what he does.


And then since I made that statement, I don't, I I I don't know what's going on, but yeah, I don't, again, and we gave the chief defense credit, but what's left now for these 49 er receivers? Is it just kittle? You know, they got the guy who got shot Ricky Pears's in there. But you know, without Samuel and without iu it's definitely a different team And MCC course. Yeah. The year from hell, if we're looking for signs for the year from hell, maybe a guy getting randomly shot during a robbery right before the season who was a first round pick is probably about as good of a sign as you're gonna get. So, and that guy's back before MCC McCaffery, he's back. Yeah. Right. So somehow they're playing your stupid team next week on Sunday night. I know. That's why I needed them to win today. And if the Niners lose their three and five heading into the buy after the buy at Tampa home, Seattle at Green Bay at Buffalo.


So they could potentially be three and five walking into that. What's your team's record? You're three and three. Yeah. Yeah. So one of those teams is you're not impressed. No, it feels high. So I'm not, I'm not crossing off the Niners as a playoff team, but I don't think they're even close to being one of the five best teams in the NFC. No. I dunno if that's gonna, they've had too many injuries. No, I think the three best teams are in the NFC North now in the NFC. Right. I think you're right. I go, I would go Detroit, Minnesota and Green Bay over any other team in the NFC. Yeah. You know, I maybe I'll feel differently tomorrow, but I have an irrational affection for the Bucks.


But I don't know. Great. maybe Maybe, they're on the outside looking in. But yeah, you're right. The Niners needed this. I know they had injuries and everything, but if this is not an FU game to the team that beat you in the Super Bowl on a questionable call at the end and everything else, when are they ever gonna be at a team like this? How about this? Who's your two seed in the NFC right now? Hmm. Your choices are Washington, Tampa, or Seattle? Those three teams leaving their divisions right now. Like we could, we could I'll go Tampa. I would go Tampa. But you take Tampa. Yeah. Okay. They should, they really could be five and one. That stupid losses a pretty big two seed because then you're playing the seven seed in round one and then you're getting the winner of, you know, basically anyone underneath you in round two.


Right. So it's not like a small thing to be the two seed. All right. More stuff that happened by the way, that Chief Steiners game. I just think the Chiefs, it almost they've hit that point that the Pats hit at some point that the Colts hit near the end of the two thousands where it almost like, doesn't matter who those, who their skill players are. Yeah. Like even Carson Steele was out there for getting big first downs to it just doesn't matter. And their defense, their coach and their infrastructure, like Yeah. They just kind of hang around and then they, they know they're gonna win the game. You know what I mean? But you don't think Mahomes is struggling as more than he has? I'm, I'm, yeah, but I'm saying like, they just hang around these games and then they win them. Yeah. And you just know they're gonna win. I they're the best of, I never second doubted they're winning that game today.


Right. Yeah. They weren't gonna, they don't blow leads like that. And yeah, that's, we're dumb. We're dumb. We should always just take the Chiefs. Like I know they're gonna get tripped up by someone stupid, but the games you think it's gonna happen just doesn't Well didn't JJ go against them today? Who? Who's zagged against him? jj? Yes. Was it jj? Yeah. Yeah. Wasn't it jj? Yeah, jj. He's like Juan Soto, 14 pitches. Juan Soto catch passes 14 passes nodding after every pitch. 'cause he knew I can't wait. I can't wait for the Dodger fans to stick it to them. So they gotta lose and Soto's gotta leave the team. That's the best. I don't wanna, we don't need to get back to baseball, but that would've just the best. Yeah.


Bengals beat the Browns Deshaun got hurt. Looks like a torn Achilles. Hmm. So I wrote this down. I'm just gonna read it to you. So Yeah, I can't even come up with the Ashan take. It's in the running for the least fun start to finish sports story in this century that didn't involve a murder. Are we sure it didn't involve a murder? I, yeah, pretty sure evidence is out. Like can you think of a less fun week to week sports story than Deshaun goes to Cleveland? No, I, I get it's too much. It it's devoid of entertainment from start to finish and I felt, I felt bad. I always feel bad when an athlete gets injured today, but you know, the fan base is like finally it's just everything about Jameis had an incredible like two and a half minute monologue in the locker room after about Yeah.


Deshaun. But that's just, just he's good for those. Awful. Yeah. And then I, I was surprised that he wasn't the number two guy. DTR had to get hurt first and do Thompson Robinson for Jamis to get, and then I'm looking, I'm like, all right, maybe Stefanki finally threw injury has the setup he wants. Probably not. But, you know, 2114 against the Bengals, they, they clawed back in it. They actually, the Bengals had a hard time moving the ball in that game. T Higgins had they, that was the first game where sometimes that would happen to Bengals in previous years where T Higgins feels like he's more important to the game than Chase does Chase. Yeah. And that's when you know they're humming. Right. And they've also finally figured out that they gotta keep Chase Brown on the field.


Yeah. Right. That he's just gotta get more touches. So I, you know, I would that would it shock me if that team made the playoffs? No. What are their FanDuel odds right now? Well, lemme some playoffs minus T Yeah. Minus T 20. Oh, you talk about the Bengals. I'm gonna look this up. So the minus 1 24 to make the playoffs. Oh, they're minus Yeah. So plus 1 0 2 for the, no. Jesus. And, but they, they're kind of easy to figure out. You know, a lot of these teams we talk about, we can't figure out the teams with the good defenses. They can't really score against like the, I like what happened with the Giants the other night. Right. Like, you know, don't, don't forget they had a kick return for a touchdown today. Otherwise a pretty stagnant offense against the Browns.


What? A And so who did they lay it on? They laid it on the Panthers and that's it. I don't, I'm not sure. The Ravens and the Ravens don't have it. They bottom three defense. Say what you will about 'em if you don't lay it on the Panthers, there's something wrong with you. Let's, we'll take one more break for the podcast.


This episode is brought to you by Old El Paso. Does game day hosting feel like an extreme sport? Not anymore. With Old El Paso feeding your hungry crowd is oh so easy. Old El Paso's crunchy standin stuffed shells, bold seasonings and squeezable sauces are fumble free, flavor packed, and perfect for cheering on your team. Football season is taco season with old El Paso. Level up your next Tailgater watch party. Shop Game Day essentials@oldelpaso.com.


This episode is brought to you by Michelob ULTRA, wherever you like to watch the game at the arena of the bar home, wherever. Enjoy every moment of the NBA season with an ice cold Michelob ULTRA. And you know, we've done some stuff with them, so they'll send me the Michelob ULTRA, I'll put it in the fridge. It's really interesting what happens. People come over, they want a beer, they go, oh, Michelob ULTRA. Or, I've never tried one of these. I've heard you talked about it. A hundred percent approval rating every single time. Keep it nice and cold. It's delicious. There's only one way to watch your favorite teams drop buckets. And that's with a bucket. Michelob ULTRA stock up on Michelob ULTRA for the NBA season. Michelob ULTRA, a superior light beer. Enjoy responsibly copyright 2024 Anheuser-Busch Michelob ULTRA Registered Light Beer St. Louis, Missouri.


Okay, Lions Vikings, Lions 31, Vikings 29. Another game where I didn't understand the line. And then it seemed like the Vikings were gonna win. They had the ball, they had a chance to put the game away. Could not get the first down they needed. Detroit gets the ball back. Golf makes a couple plays. I, I thought Detroit was better in the game in Minnesota, almost stole it. But then I, you look at the stats after the game and everything was pretty even yards were even first downs. Like a lot of the stuff, it was a more even numbers game. But I didn't feel that way watching it. I thought Minnesota was lucky to be hanging around. And if they stole that game, it was like, Jesus, what do we have with this Vikings team?


So anyway, I thought the right team won, but I thought it was weirdly a good loss for the Vikings too. Yeah, definitely. Because we're watching that game. I think part of us at least thinks, all right, Sam, Donald slide has to start somewhere. Why not now? It really wasn't bad. He was like, 20 wasn't bad. Two for 27, he made some big throws. They got back in that game. It would've been a really bad loss for the Lions. And it would've just been like, all right, the Vikings are back to two years ago where they win every one score game. But golf has been, you talking about like MVPs, like Yeah, he really, I'm trying to think of his number. So he was 18 for 18 against Seattle. He was 22 for 25 against Minnesota. His numbers have been really good lately. What are his, what are his MVP odds?


'cause they're gonna get a one seat. So why mvp? Odds are plus six 50. Mahomes is plus three 70, which I'm guessing is just 'cause there's so much action on him, they can't move it up too high. Lamar's five to one, Alan's five to one CJ's plus nine 50. Jordan Love, who was not good today was 13 to one. Right. And then all, so our, our thing, our our cheat thing is that it's a top two seed. Right? Lions get closer and closer to that one seed every week. I think Duck golf was awesome today. Yeah. Because they were coming after him and there were a couple times when it seemed like Old Jar Goff when he was going back to pass, there were guys around him and it was like, here's the golf. He just doesn't throw those plays anymore.


And yeah, he had, there was one throw he missed in the fourth to, to Raymond the Holy Cross kid. Right, right. Where he was deep down the sidelines and for some reason he just kind of sailed it a little bit out of bounds and it would've been like a 70 yard touchdown. But for the most part I thought, I thought he was really good. I, I gotta be honest, I thought that game felt like an NFC title game. The bikes kept coming back. The crowd was great. Jefferson had a couple really good moments. Aaron Jones, who wasn't supposed to play all week Yeah. With lightning fast. He was really, really good again. Yeah. And that, I thought that game felt like a playoff game. And Packers Texans felt like a play it that both of those felt like round two or round three playoff games. Yeah, I agree with you. And not that it matters 'cause it's, he's probably not coming back.


He's talking about coming back for the Super Bowl. But I also think the Lions would've put them away with one or two Aiden Hutchinson plays, right? Yeah. Like if he was in that lineup, I was like, all right, this, this would've been like a, a 12 point game or something going, you know, midway through the fourth. But I'm sure they're gonna trade for some pass rusher. Right? These teams always magically find enough money, especially 'cause the guys get paid game by game. So the closer you get to the middle of the season, it's a little cheaper to be able to add the person. But I'm sure they'll get something. Max Crosby is probably one of them. I mean all the, all the parody accounts are more and more believable every week. So you have to think that he's on his way out. What would they get from Max Crosby? Is that, that's gotta be at least a first right? First then something else.


I would think. Yeah. Yeah. Isn't he pricing that? I thought he just signed an extension. I thought they'd get, I know anyone's deal. Somebody on the Browns. Maybe if the Browns are just like, ah, oh, they were talking about Miles Garrett throwing Yeah. Miles Garrett didn't know what that team that's, I mean 'cause on the Pats they were talking about Uche who's like basically a third down specialist guy. But Right. So then in the Packers game, which was a great back and forth, the Packers win somehow don't cover line was either two and a half or three. Packers win by two. And the big story I guess is that a Packer's kicker came through. Yeah. Brandon McManus who landed on the Packers on shaky terms, to say the least, but, but ended up there and finally made a kick for them.


So they, their defense won the game. I mean Ira was pressured on 48% of his drop backs he threw for 86 yards. No, Nico Collins, I think that might have killed the passing title for him. Yeah. The Texas were running the ball 25 for one 15. But they had the game Sal. Yeah, it's, it's inside the two minute warning. They're down two, but they get a first down Green Bay has all three timeouts and there was a way to finagle that. Whereas like try to run the ball or, or quick pass as make them burn all the timeouts. Maybe try to get as close as possible, maybe even get the first down.


They didn't really do it and then they threw an incompletion on third down. So the Packers gotta save a timeout kick to go ahead by one. And it just felt like the Packers were gonna come back down. And I didn't think love was very good today, but I, I just felt like they were gonna get a field goal in that one. He was off a little. And if you look at the stat I, I was with you, I had Packers minus three and like it was so frustrating that it's gonna come down to this one or two point extra point thing. And I'm looking at the Houston stats, I'm like Tank Dell and digs. At one point in the fourth quarter, I had like seven yards combined. I know like how are they still in this, what is, what is going on here? But I think you hit on it early. This is a very, very good defensive team. They have the top two ranked safeties on PFF, like one and two.


So how do you, how do you throw on, they're gonna make, they're gonna embarrass even the best quarterbacks. I mean Strau had 10 completions all day. Yeah. We thought going in that that had a chance to be the second most talented team in the NFC. And after watching football for seven weeks, I think they might be. Yeah. But those three are definitely the three best teams. I don't know if Seattle, they have some injuries they're gonna, you know, we'll see what we have with them. What guys get back. Nobody in the NFC East I think is on the level of those guys and then Tampa just 'cause of the way their offense has been moving the ball. I think you gotta take 'em seriously. But I wouldn't put them on the level of those. No, maybe not. But every Packer fan would sign off on five and two after love got hurt thrown out.


Oh yeah. That's super Brazil field. Yeah. Yeah. I wanna see the Packers end. The Texans in December because the, the Texans will have Nico Collins back, they're gonna get some offensive line, they'll fix some of that December and Yeah. Yeah. Two months from now. Oh can that happen? What do you mean? No, not them playing each other. I just wanna see the two teams because it's like, wow, did they realign, I think both of these teams are in December are gonna be like kind of built for playoff football, right? Yeah. Especially if they get some guys back. So Seattle beat Atlanta, I had this for million dollar picks too. I had Lombardi on Thursday and both of us really liked Seattle for some reason. Yeah. It was just like, ah, they're really gonna lose four in a row. Like this is a pretty talented team.


They had six 20 plus plays and if you like Seattle when Walker's healthy, which he was today, and they can run the ball and then they're just getting an explosive play every quarter. It's kind of works. This is the one you wanna see. This is a Seahawks team you wanna see, right? Yeah. And the Falcons team, you wanna see big chances like just go away. Right. No pass rush. Right. Cousins was under attack for a lot of the game and yeah, Gino not quite an MVP candidate, but weirdly important for this season. I feel like they throw, he throws the ball they throw all the time. I think he has 2000 yards already. Does he really? Yeah, I think he does. Is it that many? Wow. He's not up there in touchdowns, but I think he's close. Yeah.


1985, he's right there. Yeah. Wow. Wow. That's good. Yeah, he threw some good balls and like you said, everyone contributed, you know, Noah fan outta outta nowhere. Like just, just catching balls and Yeah. They need, they need walker healthy to go far. I think they need some offensive line stuff to happen. So then Atlanta, the NFC south falling apart. That's good for you. Good for us. That was our favorite under, yeah. N they have 11 wins now through seven weeks with Tampa tomorrow. I feel like Atlanta could be one and six and then I think the three teams today were minus 76. Yeah. Three NFC South teams heading into ball between Thursday. Yeah. Was And you got Spencer Rattler and Andy Dalton.


Yeah. Quarterback two of them. Yeah. I don't, I don't think that division gets to 30 because Carolinas do they have one more win in them? They're gonna go two and 15 or one in 16, right. Yeah. And then New Orleans has lost five straight. Are they a seven and 10 team? Like six and 11? Like they're gonna be, they're in danger getting crossed off next week. Yeah. Right. So Tampa could maybe get to 10 or 11 wins and then that leaves us with Atlanta. Yeah. 11 nine. I don't see it nine. Like Tampa would've to go like 13 and four for that division to get to 30, right? Yeah. Yeah. You're not gonna get 10 wins outta Carolina and New Orleans. I don't think the three Sheety games today were Miami's 16 to 10 over Indy.


I'm sorry, indie 16 to 10 over Miami. Indie is now four and three and I have no idea how it happened. And I have YouTube TV send ticket. You do right In the multi-view. And I have no idea how they're four and three. They're going for first place all alone in first place. If they beat the Texans next week, the Rams are 20 and 15, nobody would start anyone on their offense. Right. And then other than maybe Williams and then the Jags 32 to 16 over the Pats and then we had some blowouts. I guess the only other thing that happened was Daniels got hurt immediately. Right. In the, in the, in the Carolina game.


Carolina, which is was one of the biggest fantasy murders of the year. Right. Sure. He's just, that's it. You have no chance if you have 'em in a guillotine league. So on. See you later. Who do you have tomorrow night? Ravens Bucks and Chargers cards. I have Bucks and I have the Chargers and I'm, I feel strong about 'em. Really Feel strong? I think so. Yeah. I think the Bucks. I think this is a bad spot for Baltimore. I know they beat every NFC team, but I really think the Bucks, I mean they have the worst pass defense in the league and I think Baker's gonna go nuts. Baker's 15 touchdowns. But I know that's crazy. I love the Chargers and I, I had a Ravens over adjusted parlay thingy that I kind of like for the game.


I think the line's like a point too high. Yeah. It feels like a field goal game to me. Yeah, they got the NFL doesn't let you get on a roll too much, right? No, the one thing we didn't talk about is the, the bet I didn't make Maybe, you did the Barclay stuff. Everyone was like, oh my God, he's definitely scoring. He is definitely going over 83 yards. I'm like, all right, calm down. There's 11 guys who are gonna want to tackle him too. You know, this grudge doesn't only go one way. God did he make me look stupid? And the Giants he scored right? I think he scored. Yeah, he scored at least one. Yeah, he scored one. He had 176 yards rushing. We looked at that and the odds weren't good for million dollar picks. I think we did a Hunter Henry one, which didn't, but it's like, it's, it's also weird 'cause it's like Aha, I told you you should signed me.


You know, it's like Yeah, you would've, it would've been bad for everybody if you signed the Giants. What's do, let's do a little thing. We like to call Guest Alliance. Oh, heard about this? Yeah. Remember this thing? What's the record? Four, two and one. You're winning. Yeah. Look at that. You got it. You're winning. 4, 2, 1. Yeah, there you go. Thursday night, Vikings ramps tough spot for Thes. Man. That was like a pretty hard hitting playoff game. Crazy intense. And now you, four days later you gotta just like turn it back on. It's, it's in la. Are you going kind you going or you not going?


I'm not going. Am I going to this? I I I couldn't stand Dodger Stadium. Funny. Someone wanted to kill somebody. Yeah. Well you kind of lived there too. Did you see the parking for Dodger Stadium today? How much was it? It was $60 when I went on Monday. What was it today? Oh, they jacked it today. It was like for any decent lot it was 200 bucks. Wow. Yeah. And for the best lot it was like 500 bucks. Wow. What an asshole world we live in. Yeah. God almighty. Yeah. They're like 200 bucks or sit in traffic for a hundred minutes after the game. Yeah, it's true. They know they have you. Yeah. They have you, you, you're gonna leave early or you're gonna spend two and a half hours in this parking lot. Yeah.


With, with your 8-year-old kid who needs to pee and is super upset and ate too much sugar And is is having a meltdown in the the backseat. Yeah. Or avoid hundred dollars and you can get outta this or avoid shady guys who are trying to sign. So knockoff O t-shirts. Thanks. I have nowhere to go but thanks. I have Vikings minus three against the Rams in la. We, we both get it and we got it exactly right. Oh okay. Did McVeigh, he might've played his cards right? Like he rested. He rested Nku and because he knew he had this Thursday coming. Right. So he rested both those guys and they should be back Cooper ua try to sneak it out.


Smart move. Yeah. And it worked. This feels like a stay away game to me. Sure. I mean they're all, almost all of 'em are that guy. That guy. Verse on the Rams. Yeah, it's my guy. What were the defensive player rods for him? Didn't you recommend that? I bet it I could. It was high, right? It was like over, it was double digits. It was like 10 to one. 12 to one. 14 to one. I have a hundred to win nine 50. Not, not plus nine 50 plus nine 50. Yeah. Yeah. Well I think he's in the running. Yeah, that's good. He was really good in the Raiders game today. Okay. Sunday marque controversial. We don't usually do it this way 'cause this isn't the quote unquote best game.


And I'm not even positive one of the quarterbacks is gonna be playing in this game. More playable. No wa, Washington, Chicago. Yeah. At Washington. So what do you wanna do with this? Because the line suggests pretty strongly one way or another if he's playing. So I don't know if you wanna throw this out or do you want what is out? What is out with the injury? What do we know? Nothing. Ribs and being evaluated tomorrow. I think we throw it out. Okay. I would've What would you have said? I would've guess assuming Daniels was playing, I would've guessed watched him by three. That's exactly So. it doesn't matter. 'cause that's what I had too.


And it's Chicago one and a half So. it seems like they don't think he's playing. But I didn't mind Mary. I don't, I don't know. He was okay. Was there a Jaden Daniels won't get out of October bet. Oh no. I dunno if there was, that was the big fear with him, right? I think we even talked, I mean he is 140 pounds. I know he's gotta cover those ribs with something. By the way, they flexed that game, didn't they? Wasn't that like a 1:00 PM kickoff? They flexed it to 4:00 PM like last week. Oh they did? Yeah, now it's, yeah they moved some. They might've moved your guys up. Jet's. Patriots was four. Now it's back at one. They maybe shooted in earlier. Earlier.


Yeah. Start at seven in the morning. Watchable Cincinnati home for Philadelphia. I have Cincy by two and a half. You got it. Exactly. What is it? I thought that was high. It's two and a half. Okay. I said one. I said one. So, and then why is three and four almost a field goal over four and two? It's just power ratings at this point are are they two and five or three and four. Three and four. Yeah. Three and four. Yeah. All the ranking stuff likes the Bengals. I think that's right. I mean you talk about two teams.


I don't trust that. Yeah. Everyone wants, I promise. Not on this game. Yeah, right. if you see this on a million dollar picks, you have to assume I'm now hooked on codeine with like Vicodin attached to it. I'm definitely on like hardcore drugs at that point. Alright, well that since Bengals two and a half I'm have like a codeine ib. Here's the other one. Buffalo at Seattle. This is just a good game. I this, this would've been the marquee game if it wasn't the two rookie quarterbacks going against each other. I can't wait to watch this. I think I nailed this Bills by one and a half at Seattle. Yeah. I mean now this is one, you know, if I think about it for 10, 15 seconds and I don't get it, I go to my favorite one and a half.


So we both said one and a half. It's three bills by three. Wow. Now do me a favor, will you do me a favor? Yeah. If the bills go down like 10, nothing will you and Hench not text me? Like I told you the bills to win the division was a little sketchy. Like we, we made a parlay with the bills, Houston, Kansas City and Baltimore to all win the division. It's about even odds. you can still get it about even odds. The bill, they're fine. They're gonna take time. If they need to win their last five, they'll do that. They're great. You know what I realized, 'cause I did my MBA super boost this year, which I've hit the last two years in a row and I've also hit the last two NFL ones and I was like, what was the NFL super boost we did this year?


I forgot to do one because FanDuel had that parlay booster thing. We never actually did a super boost. Really? I don't think we ever actually did one. I I we They're so many names. Token Boosts and this and that. Yeah. They were doing those parlay to they're throwing tokens at us. But yeah. Yeah. It was like, and I think we would've done, we would've done Detroit over, I think we would've done Green Bay over. Yeah. And then I would've insisted on the Pat's under, although they don't love necessarily doing the unders with the, with the Parley Boost. Right. But I think it would've been something. Now ask if we could do now we wanna do a week eight super boost Token Token to super token congratulations. Reward. Yeah. Yeah. I was really mad. We didn't do that.


Anyway, let's take one more break and then we'll do the rest of Guest Alliance.


This episode is brought to you by Buffalo Wild Wings. Go takeout and delivery from Buffalo Wild Wings is now Buffalo Wild Wings Go. And for a limited time you can get 10 free boneless wings from Buffalo Wild Wings. Go when you spend $15 and use promo code go boneless. Which by the way, I'm a boneless guy. Sorry. I just love it. You know, some people are like boneless wings depending on the situation. Some people are hardcore wings. I'm a boneless guy. It makes it easier for boneless too. When you try any of the bub sauces, you can just smear 'em right in there. They have a crazy amount of sauces and dry rubs, which you should know if you've been to Buffalo Wild Wings. There's like 26 of them. My favorites Nashville Hot. I really like the orange chicken. And I'm an original Buffalo guy and if I had to pick one, I would pick the Nashville Hot. 'cause I like my mouth feeling hot when I'm eating Boneless chicken. Let's be honest Wings. They're the one true football food. So the fact that you can get 10 of them free while you watch, I don't know, the first Sunday action when they have all those games. In the early games, you're just flipping around Maybe, you got a little multi-view, action, whatever. Eat some wings while you're doing it. It's awesome. Order takeout or delivery from Buffalo Wild Wings. Go while you watch the games this football season. Enjoy your 10 free boneless wings and maybe enjoy some Nashville hot sauce while you're at it. At participating locations for a limited time when you order in the Buffalo Wild Wings web or app.


This episode is brought to you by JP Morgan Wealth Management. Ever find yourself wondering about your financial future? I hope you do. Whether it's planning for your kids' education or saving for a new home, the answer is JP Morgan Wealth management with advisors and chase branches and tools like Wealth Plan and the Chase mobile app, which is very cool. They have options for every investor. So visit your local branch or explore the Chase mobile app to get started. JP Morgan Wealth Management offers investment products and services through JP Morgan Securities. LLC member Finra, SIPC.


Fairly watchable. I got four fairly watchable and I have six poop fecta. Oh sir Rudy reminds us. We did do a super boost. What was it Sir Rudy? What'd we do? Denver over? Was Seattle over? Oh no. Was our super boost. Oh that's gonna be good. We're gonna hit that. Denver over was like, what wasn't it like six and a half wins. Yeah. And Seattle's over was eight and a half wins and yes, Denver was five and a half thanks to Rudy. And then Seattle I think was eight and a half. And Denver has Carolina this week. Oh man. We're gonna be so close right away. Super boost baby kings of the super boost.


I'm gonna, I'm gonna do my own voice doing the super boost. Oh you're so good at the super boost. Oh yeah. So Rudy says he bet it, I got the Sudafed super boost of the day. It's the special neck one with Koine super boost four fairly watchable Packers Jags. It's both watchable and will be a train wreck. Yeah. Coach middle seat going against with feeling good after beating Ger Mayo and the New England Patriots. He's back baby. And now he's playing the Packers, the team with a really good defense and they're gonna be home. And I think Green Bay is gonna be favored by two and a half.


All I said four. It's four and a half. Oh, I'm gonna get that one zone. Yeah, they've, they've had enough for Jacksonville. I think they know. Plus this is a pretty good coach against a not so great traveling coach. You see? Well he is got one win in the, in the United States, right? Yeah, that's true. Yeah. Okay. He's gonna hang himself with a seatbelt extender. But no, but they're good. Is it? Maybe it's 'cause these games are on early in the morning and I know the Pats were involved and I was mad at how poorly coach we were. Sure. But they're showing the Jags on the sidelines, like smiling that excited near the end that they wanted made upset.


I was in my glasses on my cold medication. I'm like, fuck you Trevor Lawrence. I'm like mad at him. How dare you laugh at the end of this game. They're coming home. Oh, bucks Falcons. I know where you're gonna bet this one. This. I already see this. What's your wise wager this year? You're like five and two, right? Five and two. Yeah. Yeah. I think I could see you grabbing the bucks there. I might. I might. It's in Tampa and I'm gonna say bucks by two. Do we split this? Yeah, I have three. It's two and a half. Okay. Can I tell you, this is one of the, you know how I get depressed about, forget about the Mets and the Cowboys and everything else, but this time of year there's different times of the year where, oh no, football's almost over.


This is the first week where teams have already played each other. So we saw the bucks. That makes you sad. It does. Yeah. Because it makes me think, oh man, now everybody's gonna start having played each other twice in their divisions. This was 36 30 a couple weeks ago on that Thursday night. That crazy game that cousins threw for 500. Well maybe if you start feeling sad, there'll also be happiness as the Dodgers are beating the hell out of the Yankees and we can watch the Yankees lose and you can be like, well we lost to the eventual World series champions. Which is always really comforting. Yeah. Second place. A true second place. And not to put more pressure on the Dodgers, but nobody counts the 2020 title. Like I know you have a banner, I know you're excited about it, but it was the 60 game season.


People are opting out. There are no fans. Like, come on. That was about as fake of a title as title anyone's won. So the biggest time to win one guys was Turner jumping in the team photo right after. Right. And he had Covid and everyone freaked out. Everyone was like, oh no. That was a bigger story than the the non parade. Yeah. I don't even remember who was in that playoffs. Yeah, Texans Colts. It's in Houston. It's an A FC South Battle. I don't know how much you saw Richardson today, but Yeah, he Oh be nice. I had him on, I had him on winning weekend. He's not accurate. Oh, he's not accurate guy.


Very nice guy. Talked about Dairy Queen for a while. Yeah, I just, I'm sure he is a nice guy. His passes just kind of go all over the place. And the other thing that's interesting is they don't use him like the Cam Newton battering Ram anymore because I think they're afraid he's gonna get hurt. Right. So if you're not gonna play him like unleash this maniac athlete, but now you have like kind of an inaccurate pocket passer. I'm not sure that's the best use of him. Yeah. He was the one I love pointing out which halftime of the, the 1:00 PM Eastern Game quarterbacks is doing. Yeah. You could always find someone with like 30 yards. I think he had like 41 at half.


And that's probably why our, our friend JJ almost ran into traffic. 'cause he, they couldn't beat the, the Colts but he ran for 56 yards. I mean he was a leading rusher. I don't know. They didn't have to do much to beat the dolphins today. So, you know why JJ did run into traffic? What? Because we beat the Guardians and we beat the Royals and we're in the World Series. Next time I run into traffic bra, it'll be the parade in Bronx and I'll be on a, a float with Soto. He should have gone in traffic and asked if anyone on the street could name four guardians. Can you name four guardians and not of the Galaxy? We're talking the baseball team.


Texans minus four over the Colts. I have, I said four also. It's five and a half. Okay. And that also is a rematch from week one. 29, 27 Texans. Yeah. Chiefs at Raiders. There's a little backstory. Didn't somebody on the Raiders talk shit about Mahomes fourth season? Oh yeah. Who was that? Some, some doofus on the defense. That doesn't sound right. That's what happened. So you gotta factor in with this line. The chiefs could easily be up like nine with two minutes left and Pierce could be like, well take the field goal. Oh yeah. Now we're down six. Yeah. The pierce effect.


This looks better in the newspaper. Hmm. I have chiefs by seven in, in Vegas. You know, I said seven also. 10. Whoa. 10 is the number. Oh, that's the first like true shocker of the year. That's a good one. 10 in Vegas I think. Well there's a little payback, right? 'cause this is, they beat 'em on Christmas so they're not gonna be overlooked. Or Vegas isn't afraid of 'em. 'cause they beat 'em last year. Right? That line seems too high. I went to this game three years ago ago. Fucking, I'm gonna talk myself into them now. Well the, but I went to this game three years ago in Las Vegas. Ton of red, ton of red.


So much red there. I don't know. I don't know what an kind of advantage the Raiders have, but you're right. There could, there could be a, a piercing. Should we call that like a ball piercing or something? When you get screwed on the spread? Pie piercing kicks a field goal. Pierce. You think any of his coaches was like, yo coach, we're still gonna need a touchdown. Maybe if we kick this to a goal and you're giving up all this field position, like yeah, maybe try to get a pass interference or something. Anything coach that's four minutes in the fourth quarter. You know that Right? Not the third. That's not third quarter. That's a four coach. It's the second half. It's not preseason coach. Alright. It's three hours into the game of coach.


Don't be soft. We're kicking a field goal, kicking it, we're cutting it at five. One stop. And all that we have to do is go 90 yards to get a touchdown instead of just going nine. Oh man. 10 points. I was worried that at some point as I got older that the coaching would get smarter and there would be less stuff to make fun of. Hmm. And it's just not true every year. No. Every, every week dumb shit happens. Like Doug Peterson could just go up by 18 with 10 minutes left. He's like, Nope, fourth to two, let's go. Let's do this. Listen, I I guarantee ex coaches or maybe current coaches who knows, listen to us. Maybe there's gotta be some and they must think we're assholes.


But there's 50 bad decisions a day and, and if we paid attention, there'd be 150. What gives, there's a whole aspect of a game that you and I can coach better than these guys. Most of them. My friend Hershey, we were talking about quarterbacks and he is around our age and he's talking about the conundrum of Daniel Jones where like some Giants fans are like, oh, Daniel Jones, he can do this, he can do that. And he's like, I've been watching football my entire life since I was a little kid. I've been watching quarterbacks week in week outs since the mid seventies. I feel like I know if a quarterback has it or not at this point, it's not one of those Talk yourself into it. Yeah. Maybe it's like you kind of know or you don't know if a guy has it and it's like, I have five decades of experience now watching the signs for whether somebody has it or not and he doesn't have it.


And I was like, it's a great way to put it. Yeah. Because it in some ways we're, we're getting slower and dumber as we get older, but in other ways, like we've watched so much sports. You kinda, you can, you need the veteran experience of just putting our 10 million hours in watching games. Like riding a bike. I see a pothole. I'm gonna, I'm gonna go to the left of it. Right? Yeah. I mean just what, what are, what are you supposed to do now there's some politics involved like Stefanski. I don't wanna fully blame him for this situation because it just cannot be possible. No. That he wants to star Watson and nobody else Now. Now it doesn't matter. But the poop Factora jets had pats.


So the Jets somehow get to play the Pats twice in the first half of the season. One of the two worst teams in the week. And I think this is Jets by six and a half. Oh you dirt bag. I said seven is six and a half. Now what is the score here? That is a teaser. You're up seven, six could be a hard week of practices for the pets. You gotta get tougher. You think so? Yeah. I mean you might just remain soft. Mayo just took over the team. He's he's gotta make this team tough. Oh no, he's been here the whole season. Yeah. Well what was it, 24 3 on that Thursday night.


Yeah, but that was with Brit. Right, right, right. May's good. They, they have something with bae now it's like how do you build around this asset and do you have the right coach in the right front office to pick the right people to put around a genuine asset And do all of your receivers have agents? Because this is a catastrophe. Because this is like so hard to find a quarterback who's actually good. A young quarterback. Oh yeah. Who's actually talented and can move and has a good arm. Like they have the quarterback who's the best quarterback, new quarterback on a team. That's not very good. And he is been there for three years. Trevor Lawrence, I guess.


So that's like the worst case scenario. Right? I guess they, but they wanted, they wanted a vision though. Like is there anyone hanging? Yeah. Would like nine and eight. Even the Chargers. I would say Herbert. Yeah. I, I was thinking to him as the example. But Drake, Masood, Lions are home for the Titans. And I think this is what you're alluding to at the start of the podcast about how we have some old school lines. At first I instinctively put down like Lions minus nine. I was like, wait a second, they're gonna jack this up. And I just kept and I went all the way to 13. I lines by 13. Alright, I get you here. I went a little high. I said 11 and a half. It's 10 and a half.


Oh right. Lemme see. Maybe they moved it 10 and a half. It's too low. Yep, it's too low. I mean that's an automatic, automatic three team. 10 point teaser. Well I was gonna say we should invite, we're doing it an old, an old friend into our life. And there's another one we haven't hit yet, but I think we have two Two so far. I think you're thinking Lions over Titans and you're thinking Chiefs over Raiders. I'm afraid of that. Chiefs game. Oh really? Yeah, I'm, I'm afraid of that one. I would probably do the Jets as as the second one. Wow. They're gonna lose to the Pats and go two and six that they should lead the team and Oh man.


Oh it's so much fun. Rooting against them though. Yeah, it's alright, we'll find two teams. But they, this is a free 10 points to use on a, on a normal tease. Yeah. The Titan stink. This is our super bet. Boost 10 point totem pole boost our 10 point equal codeine boost Dolphins home for the Cardinals. A truly awful game. Really bad. Well hold on though. This is, is this the one because our buddy JJ was screaming about how two is coming back. You think he's back for this? I don't know. Well I'm gonna pick the Dolphins by one and a half over the Cardinals at home, regardless targeting whether it comes back or not.


I said two and a half. It's three. No, maybe it's coming back. Are you beating me right now? 1, 2, 3, 8. Two. Yeah. Wow. I went on a run here. Fuck am I doing my eight to seven. Eight to seven. Yep. Alright. Ravens at Cleveland. This is always fun. No, no. if you know this Al, but the Browns moved to Baltimore and became the Ravens. What was it like a van? Don't tell me was in long time ago. Yeah. No long time ago. Was it in the middle of the night? At least they had a decency to do it during the day, right? Yeah. I have the Ravens by three and a half. I feel good about this one.


Wait a minute. This is your biggest swing and miss of the year. Ravens at Cleveland. The Baltimore Ravens at Cleveland. I got Ravens three and a half. What is it? It's nine. It's nine and a half. In Cleveland? Yeah, in Cleveland. Where they lose all their games. The team that hasn't gone over their point. Total man all year. That is, that's my, that's t what's by far my worst. Well I told you I'm on drugs right now. It That's it. Yeah. The drugs are killing you. I had nine. Wait, that line's way too high. The Browns have a pretty good defense. What did you watch the game today? Don't score. I know, but they don't ever score. It's important. These games I has a lot.


Plus they have a whole week with their new, I mean just not having Watson's worth seven points. Yeah. And it is a short week for the Raven Chu. They my guy. Right. I had Nick Chubb, I have 'em on all my fantasy teams. You kept them. Yeah. And each week like a little baby bird. I just, I gave him little seeds and I poured water in his head and I tried to grow him back to life on all my teams. Didn't wave him right. Just kept him on hogged the spot. Just waiting for my guy. My favorite fantasy player. He is back. This will be the week. It's Nick Chubb week next week. He doesn't wanna be back. We just crossed his team off. No, he's back. He's doing it for the love of the game. So all right. Yeah. I, I think line's way too high. I think there's well they, they don't wanna get killed on teasers.


Right. 'cause everyone's teasing. Everybody who plays the Browns, like the Bengals was easy even though they covered the Browns. But Bengals on a teaser where you go, I started, I had a must win in our knockout league 'cause I snuck out a win last week. But I had wide receivers I cup and DJ Moore weren't playing. So I was scrambling for waiver wire guys and I started Jerry Judy who didn't, you know, they traded Mario Cooper. I'm like, all right Judy. And he had no points like halfway through the fourth quarter and then he finally caught like an 18 yarder. But Right. Need to say you'll, you'll be seeing Jerry on the waiver wire on on Winston eight. You're gonna beat me. You're gonna win two in a row. Here. You're up. You're a 71% favorite against me.


You're up eight. You have Baker. What's my win probability? Is that my win probability? You know, 71%. This is the one place I kind of rely on it more than anything. Yeah. With these dumb fantasy games. I don't even look at the score but yeah. 71 to 29, that's a win. Probability Chargers home for the Saints. Saints trying to lose six in a row. I have the Chargers favored by three and a half. Where is this game? Wow. You Billy boy. I said six. It's seven and a half. Alright. What is going on? Well I think you said it. You're on drugs. Why are the Chargers favored by over a touchdown against anybody?


Against WI like the Chargers but I mean they scored 20 points a game. The Saints were so bad. Like you, you should, you should have your off. They've lost five in a row. FanDuel taken off your phone if you liked the Saints after that performance. That was so bad. I'm falling apart. Well I probably hit this next one 'cause it's Broncos home for Carolina. A team that has to get at least nine points or higher against any team they play at Broncos by nine and a half. You are closer. But yeah, it's seven and a half. I said four and a half. So you get that. Okay. So is that your, what's the three team teaser?


You don't trust, you don't trust Bone Nicks yet? No I don't. You saw that overthrow under Throw Pass. You loved it. I think you tweeted about it. It was terrific. I've never seen anything like it. It's beautiful. Didn't the two guys like commiserated over it? Like Yeah, I just, yeah, I was, they quit the team. They turned in their jerseys. I thought he was pretty good in that game though. He's, he really has flashes. Yeah. Again, I don't know what that, that Saints team was just a mess. And Peyton probably had that circled for years. So Sunday night, 49 ERs Cowboys. Oh Mike. Oh this is why we do it. Mike, are you kidding me?


I thought Brady in the second half of that Niners game sounded like if Shahan called up to the booth and said, could you start next week? He was ready to do it. You think he was like genuinely disappointed by Purdy? Yeah. Interesting. What could he do? So if he own, he is, could he, could he do all these things? Could he announce and own part? He put an escrow own part of the Raiders and be a quarterback of the 49 ERs. What else could he do? Could he play the big dom role for a team also? How many, how many hats? D play S and a Sopranos remake. I would love that. Yeah, that'd be great. Brady at the BI hate this game.


I hate it. I have 49 ERs by two and a half. Oh wow. I thought you'd go higher and beat me. I said three and a half and it's five and a half. Good luck. That's too many points. This is kind of who needs this more? The nine ERs right? I mean I think your team needs every game. You're gonna need 10 wins to make playoffs. Oh how dare both of them dare. I think Dare both of them need it equally. You're gotta get to 10 wins now. It's a wild card battle for these two probably and shit if, if Hell I Chicago gets to play Mariota instead of Jaden Daniels.


They could be five and two. Yeah. Like Chicago might get to 10 wins that I think 10 wins is the cutoff for the NFC. It's gonna frustrate me. I don't wanna look at, but I, something tells me the Bears haven't played the best of quarterbacks in their runs. You know, you're right. Monday night, speaking of not the best of quarterbacks, Steelers home for the Giants. Yep. And we didn't really talk about the Russell so that much, but he, he did get it going as the game went along. I have Steelers by six and a half at home against the Giants. I said three and a half. So I'm gonna get it. It is four and a half. Wow. What a demolition.


I'm gonna have to drug you with the encoding. Every maybe Maybe you found the new secret. Just that's it. Infect me. Yeah. Listen, those lines made no sense. Why wouldn't the Steelers be favored by sub? The Giants suck. We awful Some money. We're gonna make some money this week. There's some, there's some glaring errors here. One of the errors is, well the steer and a 10 point tease would be good 'cause you could take them to plus five and a half. Oh yeah, you're right. That defensive piss piss off Raheem too is a bonus. Yeah. Raheem hates teasing it over the Zero. It's like his least favorite thing other than if you don't get a burner hotel room, he's going to Vegas this week too. Can I just tell you, I had a great time watching with The Ringer staff today.


We, yeah, let's hear about it. We, we did, we did the pregame show. Yeah. And then Spotify has this great, it's a movie theater. It's basically, it's a theater. Right? So you have a movie theater screen, right. You have a hundred seats and they had a, and our Producer jack had another like 50 inch screen to the side of it. So now we have to figure out, well let me ask you, lemme figure, how would you do the games? We got that giant projection screen and then we have 50. Okay. Yes. Yeah. We got access to everything. So how would you do it? I hope you didn't put The Dolphins as one of the four games. Well because the jj, he bullied you into that. The Dolphins were on the smaller tv, not on the Big Fruit.


Okay. So the bigger because because we had Lions Vikings, Packers, Texans. Yeah. Yeah. And then we had the four and then it was kind of the All the other games or the Yeah, Seahawk Falcons Giants was good. Yeah. Oh, Seahawk Falcons. That was a good one. Yeah. A good. Yeah. Then the fourth one was dependent on whatever you cared about. All right. Now I love all these guys, but guess what most of them were screaming for on the big screen. What? The red zone and only the red zone. And I'm like, no, no, no, no, no, no. I'm like, we got a giant, giant screen that we're never gonna see the size of the screen again. We have to put a four box on that. And they're like, okay, we'll put a red zone on the, the 50. I'm like, no, let's watch all the games. And I promised you'll know when a team's close to scoring by the yard line.


Right. By watching the numbers. Watching all the games at once. Yeah. But they're like, oh we gotta hear Scott Hans. We gotta, I don't want to hear. I was like, oh my God. So I, I won the ar I was gonna go home. I was gonna, I was very upset. But, but I think we all had a good time. So. it was a generational thing. The younger zone. Love the red zone. They love the red zone. I, I knew it but I didn't think like given a, you know, we could watch Casablanca on that thing, like Yeah. Yeah. Scott Hansen. So how was it on the giant movie screen? It was great. It's ridiculous. I recommend everyone come by next Sunday. I wanna do it again. It's, it was fun. Nothing like downtown LA on a Sunday morning we had pizza.


I'm on the Atkins so I ordered a calzone. I dug out all the protein. It was beautiful. You're on the Atkins again? Yeah. 'cause I'm a fat piece of shit. When did that start? Because of the Mets. I haven't had a carb since Monday. No, because you know, here's what Melissa puts out the candy bowl for Halloween. October 1st. Yeah. And I don't even like candy corn. I'm doing like fist after a handful, you know, and I was like, I gotta just not eat carbs till Thanksgiving. So we'll see what happens. It's a long way. Do you wanna hear about the WNBA finals? Yeah. I didn't have it on the third screen, but it looked like a lot of poor play. But there was, officiating was just as bad. Well let me ask you the, the final number was a 25 to eight free throw advantage for the liberty.


Does that seem Yeah. Seem a little high to you with both teams playing physical and driving in the basket. Yeah. Seems a little outta whack home team end of the game. Jones who won finals MVP and should have. 'cause she was great. The whole series. Just Wesley Jones. Oh, it's a different Jones. jj, JJ their center, the, the other JJ just bolded somebody over and they called, they called the defensive foul. It was awful. Like the announcers didn't know what to do. Collier comes the other way. They have the ball to up to 26 seconds left. The, the links like if they score the game's over and we bet the links we should tell people we, we have the links for the series five to one. And I, and I also really like Collier and I was really into it.


And Collier comes driving down, just misses a layup and gets hacked and is immediately yelling at the refs. And she doesn't yell at the refs. They won't replay it. No replays at all. Then it comes back down to Breonna Stewart who gets the ball travels and then kind of kind of crashes into somebody and throws a shot up. Minimal contact. This is a game where people are just mauling each other, the whole game. Caller is getting just killed and no, they, they call it, they challenge 'cause there wasn't a foul. And they're like, whoa, she wasn't in the correct guardian position. Two shots. And all of a sudden Stewie shooting two shots. They get it goes to OT and they foul Collier out and it was just like, oh no face.


It was like, it was like David Stern era. WNBA shit. Yeah. It's ridiculous. They won the, they won the championship. They shot 30%. They missed every three. And, and what was Sabrina? She was won for 19 and they won the title. Yeah, the two, the two best were, what were they, what were the like five for 33 or something? They were two for 23 from three and they shot 30%. And so the links were bitching about the officiating after. And they should have, 'cause it was outrageous. Right? I thought the links had a better team. Unlike the NLCS, many of those games were close and exciting. I'll give 'em that but more, it was great for the week.


They should had this game on a, this game should have been on a Monday night. And you know, it's the last they, they had to fuck up the schedule until the bitter end and they decide to go on a Sunday night against Jet Steelers and Dodgers Mets game six. Oh, so stupid. Yeah, just like go to Monday against, against NFLI guess there's two NFL games. Well, by the way, that Sunday afternoon slate would've been fine too. Well, I mean I know you're going against Chiefs Niners, but that was the only good game football games. Yeah. Yeah. Well I'm looking, you know, five for 42 from three. That should get you, that should get your juices going for the NBA playoffs. No, nothing else. Well, I was thinking, I was like, this is, this is the NBA playoffs. Nobody can make a shot. The coaching's terrible.


And, and the officiating is completely one sided. It was like they really, they've done it, it they've come up with thorough league. They got, it's a clone I will never understand. For the life of me. Minnesota Collier was 11 for 23. I will never understand for the life of me why they didn't put her at the top of the key and just have her beat people off the dribble Every time they did that. She got, she got to the basket. Mm. And they were like posting her up so the liberty could double her. I was like, whatcha guys doing? Just clear out for her. She goes by everybody. But I thought she was the best player in the series and, but she wasn't in proper guarding poi position. That's the problem. Oh my god. Well the other thing is Smith got hurt in game three because Jones bowled her over.


And then same thing happened in game five and she came out for a while, but she was pretty banged up. I think if she was healthy we win the bet. It was a great bet. Think she making this up Smith Williams. We didn't it at time. Yeah, I know. We had the right one. Another another great non hedge for us. But there you go. Really good at Wwn BA season though. And by the way, all do or die games are terrible. Like go back and look at 2016 NBA Warriors Cleveland. Like that's a fucking rock fight. 2010 Celtics Lakers Rock fight. 2005 Spurs, pistons rock fight. Why is that? When you get to that level, it's a rock fight is because it's too tense. It's like too much pressure. And the team know each other too well. So, it's like the baseball, like their arms are too taxed at this point.


That's why his velocity's down four miles an hour from when it was Monday. Yeah. Amazing. Is that kind of it? I don't know. I don't dunno. Too. 10th,


today's Parent Corner is brought to you by Workday. Get the whole band together with Workday pair finance and HR in one platform for an epic performance with Workday ai. At the core, you'll make confident decisions faster than ever and you'll drive flawless business and finance operations with an agile platform that constantly evolves to futureproof your organization, be it finance and HR rockstar with Workday. Visit Workday dot com to learn more.


What do you got for us? So, all right, so I had the kids this weekend and oh, Harrison had a, a tournament Saturday, a baseball tournament. And these are no, so because Melissa was away, she was in New York, she had like very, like a very serious that she had, she had to get drunk with our sister-in-Law all weekend. So that was, so she was off the grid. She wasn't there. And then, so Harrison has games on Saturday in now I forgot I told you where we were. Where the hell was, I thought it was like Encino or somewhere. No, no, no, no, no. It was Oh, San Clemente. San Clemente. Yes. Great. Great. Place for a tournament. I like San Clemente really good. It was nice. The, the weather's good and everything else.


He's got a game at 6:00 PM and a game at 8:00 PM so they're done at 10 15 and we're driving home and it's gonna be 1130. And then I gotta wake up for football and everything in London game and everything. So I'm already a little tense about that. So we get in the car, we get there for the six o'clock game. He's gotta be there at five. We're in the car at three 30. We get there and he gets out and he is like, oh no. It's like, I left my cleats at home. He's wearing Crocs. And I said, what, what are you talking about? He's like, I left my cleats at home. Now for baseball. You could pretty much leave everything except your cleats. Like you could borrow the kid who's sitting on the bench and glove in his hat. Yeah. Or something else. Right? The cleats are, they're no good.


You know, they're not, you know. So I was like, I don't know what to do here. The game set. And he is pitching, he's starting the game. And I was like, all right, I'm gonna drop you a practice and then I'm gonna go find cleats. Hopefully I could do this. It's five. So you're Googling, you're doing ways, you're doing Big Five and dick's and everything. Exactly what I'm doing. Sporting goods in, in, in the area in San Clemente. And I come across Walmart and I look at the website and the cleats. They have kids cleats and everything. I'm like, all right, that's good. That's a 1.5 miles away. I drive away speed from his practice. I go to Walmart. I'm, it's gigantic. And I'm looking and I'm looking, I'm looking.


Finally, I asked someone for help and I'm like, Hey, do you have a boys quiz? Like, we don't sell cleats here. And I'm like, do I, okay, what do I do? Do I yell at, did I scream at this guy? Do I throw a punt? What do I do? Or do I show him the website? I'm not sure what to do. Yeah. Or do I just get the hell outta here and try to find, I like plead the stain for customer question. Exactly. Cleats. You fucking moron. ct like Walmart, everything else. Shin guards, everything. Cheetos, no cleats. Yeah. So I just leave. I'm like, I, I was proud of myself for just leaving. And so now I have to go to the big five, six and a half miles away. So now I'm gonna cut it close 'cause I have to go there and back. I get there and I'm like, this little fucker, I'm gonna get him the pinkest cleats that I could find.


I'm gonna get him these girl I peach. Peach cleats. Yes, exactly. It's, it's gonna be frilly everything. Oh yeah. It's gonna be, yeah. Bedazzled everything. They don't have it. They have one pair of cleats. Yeah. And it's one size too big. And I'm like, you just gotta get it. I gotta get it. Size six by next pair of socks. That's the dad's move. Yeah. Second pair of socks to fill the pizza. Now I let him, I didn't, you know what, I didn't even think about that. Had I, I might've just passed on it. I was like, I just, I'm gonna give it to him here. So he gets to size sevens, I bring him to him. I get there at like 5 56. The coach is going nuts. 'cause he might have to reshuffle the lineup. Can Harrison even pitch and Crocs? No. Yeah. No way.


He goes out there, he puts 'em on. They're big. He looks like a dope. He throws two innings to shut out ball. He shut strikes out five kids. Wow. And now it's like, you see now you see magically. That's exactly what it was. He is like, you got the magic league. He is like, I am not ready to joke about this. Probably for three weeks. So let's revisit this sometime in November. But the, the big story that, that was the end of the story. But it's like, I don't know what my parents would've done. I think they just would've been like, you're on your own. I really do. I don't know. Your dad probably is like, oh, sorry. You're gonna have to pitching Crocs and you'll learn a valuable lesson. Exactly. As you let down your team, you're going barefoot and you're walking home from San Clemente. That would be it.


Yeah. All right. So I have some follow up thoughts. First of all, a great idea for a small sports star would be called you fucked up and just cleats. T-shirts, cups. I love it. Socks. Socks. It's say, oh, thank God there's a, you fucked up three, three and a half miles away. I'm gonna run over there. That one didn't You have have a similar thing for spouses? Like, we got your sunglasses or something. What I I forgot. Sunglasses, purses, sunan, lotion. Yeah. Yeah, definitely. Here's the other thing though. I, listen, you're my, we've been friends for a long time. I don't mean to throw you under the bus, but it is the parent's job to be, to have everything before we go.


Really? Yeah. I guess I should have noticed dope walking around in Crocs. Your ten's not your son's not like a rocket scientist yet. He's 10 years old. That's our, I remember leaving with Zoe 'cause we had a similar thing where, you know, so we would always, I forget what she left behind, but it was always like, all right, do we have everything? Yeah. Jersey water bottle. We had like the five things and we would just go through the five things. Water bottle's a big like, like she was for Gump and that's how we did it before we'd leave. But they get mad. They get talking about indignant, like Yeah. They get mad when they're like 14. I do. Yeah, 14. It becomes insulting. Right. All right, I'll follow up. Maybe you're right. I should say I took my son to a lacrosse tournament this weekend and it was black shorts and we're like, do we have everything?


Blah, blah, blah. And we go in the first game and he's the only kid on his team wearing a black jersey with white shorts. Except the game. I was like, Ben, where are the black shorts? And he is like, oh yeah, we don't need those. I'm like, you definitely, they, you were the only kid with white shorts. I'm pretty sure you needed them. My parent corner. I took my son yesterday and then, then my wife took over for the, the championship stuff today. But she had this tournament and it was in the san it was in Santa Barbara lacrosse tournament at the polo club. So, you know, we have these tournaments. You're baseball, soccer, whatever.


They're, they're Oh, it always sucks. You're always in some crappy part. Yeah. Of, of some town. You're not near anything right's. Just a bunch of fields. It's really hard to park. They, if there's food there, it's probably like one hotdog truck. Or maybe there's somebody selling like a couple Gatorades. There's, it's the lowest possible end of lucking out with food, drink anything, not this. And then if you have like the big ass tournaments, they might have something in the middle where it's like, they'll sell t-shirts and jerseys and then they'll have like a churro place. And so this polo place was like fucking nice. They had like cocktails there. There was like a bar. There was like, they were making quesadillas.


They're making, wow. There's like a quesadilla slash taco bar. And they had like a sandwich place and there was like a coffee and smoothies place. Holy. But there was like a legitimate bar. And it's between games. Anyone watching the games or, well, because the game, you have like time to go between the games, right? Yeah. And it's 20, it's outdoors. So between, like, he had a game that was like a 45 minute break and I wanted to get like some water. And I went over and I decided to get at the bar. I got, 'cause they had sparking water. I wanted sparking water. And these ladies that were there, they're ordering like fucking margaritas. Yeah. Oh yeah. And, and they're kind of decked out. I'm like, is this, this feels like the beginning of like a Netflix romcom, like these parents meeting at, at, at some lacrosse tournament at the polo place.


But these, these parents are fucking like having like real cocktails like, like getting it on. Oh yeah. At these lacrosse tournament. I was like, wow, the California never disappoints. I promise they figure it out because you only have 45 minutes. But some of these parents, if there's like two hours between games, it's a slosh city. So that's one thing I'm pretty sure we don't need at sports tournaments. Are parents with a few drinks in them. When there's kids and officials. They're Jack pretty sure that's a bad idea. But I'm not, I won't judge. Then the other thing, and this is, this is, I'm glad I'm here for this. These people that bring dogs to tournaments, I don't know if this is on the agenda with, with Trump and Kamala for, for the election.


I know there's a lot of, lot of things going on. A lot of positions. Kamala's emailed me like 12 times today. She hasn't brought this up, but she hasn't brought this up yet. No, no. We should not have dogs at youth sports tournaments. I'm watching. Period. End of story. Do not bring your dog. Here's all the bad things that can happen with your dog. Your dog could just take a shit where all the parents are standing. Right? You got that. Your dog, you could have like a yapping dog and a thing, and we have to listen to your dog bark the whole time. You could think you dog wants to just go and walk over and and go see some kid who's allergic to dogs. So you have that thing. And then the big thing is just a dog fight on the sidelines.


Right? No dogs at sporting beds. Just period. Let's get rid of this. I'm with dogs. Like, what are we doing? Especially drunk dogs. Leave your dog home. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I'm with you are a dog guy too. You would, this is like, I have two dogs. I love dogs. Guess where? I don't wanna see dogs at an outdoor sports tournament. Leave them home. It's too much. Yeah, it's too much. This one guy had, he had like one of those like big canvas things that you put, like you would take if you're gonna the airport and he three little dogs in there and they're just barking at everybody else and it's like, can I just watch the game without your three dogs barking in your little travel? There's no rules carrier for that. Huh? Us us Usually there's a sign that says you can't do this, but people don't care. It's such a bad idea. Like honestly there's, it's one of the worst ideas possible.


So anyway, I'm with you. Yeah. My, my son, they, they, they won the, the championship and then Oh good. I posted the picture. Yeah. Look, there's this picture and, and for some reason he has no shirt on in the picture. So he's staying on brand at all times. It's all these kids are, are white uniforms. He's got his white shorts on. He's got a, a blue sun hat and no shirt. And I'm like, all right Ben, that's Benson has done brand at all times. Let me ask you something because I'm not sure, you know, I, I love you like a friend too. I know you set me straight, but Yeah, you posted, speaking of post happy birthday Murph. Not every day. Your dog turns four or something like that.


Your dog is is four years old. I don't know that you could do this after going off on like national whatever day. I'm not sure. No, no. I said happy b happy birthday to to Murph to my best friend Murph. Yeah, it's fine. I get it. Day post you wanna National Dog Day posting something for National Daughter's Day, but when your dog turns four you're like, oh, I gotta, birthdays are fine. Post birthday birthdays are fine dog. What's your dog's name? What's, what's the, I don't even know what my dog's name is. It's Super Dave. It's Super Dave. Alright, I for you need a Super Dave Post. I'd be like, oh, that's great. Super. Dave's 11 years old.


Alright. He might be 11. I have only birthday posts. That's it for dogs and family members. That's it. Yeah, my wife, she made him like one of those dog like little dog cakes. Her and her mom made it, which are like, no, no, it's bad. This isn't like the bad, this is like good for dogs. I'm like, there's just no way any cake is good for dogs. Right? Yeah. Like he's gonna be shitting all over that. But he didn't shit. Yeah. He is really moved into his own. Can I tell you so a quick dog cake story, please. Shit. Now I'm gonna, now I'm gonna get the name wrong. No, I can't. I can't What, what was it? Okay, so no, I was, I went to a Simpson's table read our friend Don wrote on The Simpsons and, and it was the coolest thing.


It was probably like within three months of moving me moving out here. And it also happened to be their hundredth episode or what, some kind of milestone episode. So they had cake and so everybody's eating cake and I don't know why, but I didn't know that dogs aren't supposed to have cake. And so a dog like comes up to me and I start feeding the dog chocolate cake. I think I'm, I'm doing something nice. And this guy comes up and screams like, who the fuck, what the fuck are you fucking kidding me? What are you, you're feeding the dog cake? Are you stupid? Are you stupid? Are you trying to kill my dog? And I'm like, I'm sorry guy. I had no idea. I didn't know it was a bad thing. I thought I was, it looked hungry. It's like it looked hungry. You see, you know how stupid you sound right now. God. And he takes the dog, he walks away. It was Hank's area.


Is that true? I swear to God it was true. Asked our friend Tony and as that's my run name with Anka area and I don't, he used all his voices too to, to dress me down. How many years ago is this? This was, I don't know, 24. I should have known. Yes. I was almost 30 years old. I should probably known. Yeah. So this was after heat when Pacino yelled at him. Yeah, I think so. But she's got a great ass. You got your head all the way up it. He might've been channeling that. Anyway. Happy birthday. Hank is Aria's dog. I'll post about it later. Hank area. Wow. Upgrading our friend Sal.


That's terrible. There you go. Whatcha gonna do.


Thanks again to Workday for sponsoring this segment. Be a finance and HR rockstar with Workday. To learn more, visit Workday dot com


And if you've learned anything during this whole podcast, leave your dogs at home during a youth sports tournament. Yeah, yeah. Get drunk on churros and margaritas. Come on. Have the margaritas are fine. We're not gonna judge you. But don't bring your dog and pound the margaritas as you go. What do you have? What do you have to plug Lots of stuff through The Ringer with Tate. It's delightful Every week. Cousin Sal winning weekend I have Dwight Goodin on. I'm gonna talk about the Mets. Little, little postmortem. Good Doctor for the Mets. Yeah. Dr. K one of my favorites Ringer pregame show with the fellas every Sunday morning. And against the odds the degenerative trifecta, I are doing an 11 hour deep dive into who has the best shot at winning the NBA in season tournament.


So there you go. Wow. What, what was your favorite NBA future of all your NBA futures. You know, I bet a bunch of yours and s and houses. Did I put that away now? Damn it. I like, I thought you guys have some teams to not make the playoffs. Yeah. And oh no, you have Under Winds and to they're to not make the playoffs was like plus 1 29 like New Orleans I think I had. Yeah. Pelicans no playoffs plus 1 29. I think you guys like And I rode yours Phoenix. I got a lot on Phoenix over. You sure about that one? I think I got a good number about that. Yeah, I'm so good about that. I mean the ran could get hurt. That would be the way, you know. Yeah. But you could say that about anything. Yeah, I feel good about where we landed and we had that clippers under right, which was 37 half.


'cause we were kind of gambling that the Kauai News maybe wouldn't be great. And then now it seems like, I mean I don't even know when he is coming back. So that sounded like you moved it right? 35 and a half. Yeah, I I think Kauai moved it too. But yeah, we, some of them moved I think probably 'cause people were probably looking at the same things. Cleveland went up. The Philly one I think has stayed pretty similar, but I feel like that one should probably start falling down at some point. And then right after we did that pod, Hartenstein broke his hand. Right. So I don't think that really budged you get all your money back. No, I don't think that really budged the over under though. It was interesting. But yeah, I still, my favorite out of all of 'em is probably still the, the OKC one seed bet.


Even with the Hartenstein injury. All right. You know what, I didn't hit that one. I'm gonna throw that. I think it was plus one 30. I don't know if it's up or down, but I, I think Phoenix, we said Phoenix and maybe Minnesota were the only ones that could get into the mid high fifties. Yeah, you'd be proud of me. I I did a bunch, I did SA for Rookie to the, to the NBA hole club. I did, I know, I, I did a little, I did SGA mostly for MVP, A little on Weby, a bonus for rebounds. Luca for assist. I'll go over 'em with you later. I love it. Love it all. I didn't even, I'm not allowed to bet the awards so I, I wasn't like, oh yeah, that's right. Super focused on it. But I didn't realize the Rookie of the Year awards the Reer was plus seven 50.


I thought that was pretty good value for him because I think he's gonna play the wrong guy. No, I I I just think Edie's plus two 90 Shepherd was plus eight 50. I'm not sure he's gonna get enough minutes and then Castle at 10 to one's Interesting if he actually gets playing time, but, but I thought if and then clinging at 20 to one. Did you see him in the preseason the other night? He was interesting too, but, well that's the thing, there's only like six guys that are definitely gonna get enough minutes. Right. Barring injury right from someone else gonna play. And I think Atlanta's gonna be pretty good. So that's a 'cause Good job by you. Good job by you buddy. Alright, that's it for the podcast. Thanks to Cousin Sal, thanks Kyle Creon and Steve Saru.


As always, don't forget new re watchable hopefully coming on Monday and I'm gonna have a new podcast for you either Tuesday or I won't see you again until Thursday. I'm not sure yet, but we'll see how it goes. Root for me, root for root for my, my white cells, my T-cell. What are the cells that help you not feel as sick root for those? So I'll see you Tuesday or Thursday. Don't forget you can watch this podcast that you just listened to. I dunno why you would. Maybe. you want a double dip on the Bill Simmons YouTube channel? See you later in the week.


Must be 21 plus in President Select states for Kansas and affiliation with Kansas Star Casino or 18 plus in President DC. Gambling problem, call 100 gambler. Visit rg help.com. Call 1 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org/chat in Connecticut. Or visit md gambling help.org in Maryland. Hope is here. Visit gambling helpline ma.org or call 803 2 7 50 50 for twenty four seven. Support Massachusetts. Or call 1 8 7 7 8 Hope ny. Or text Hope NY in New York.