
This episode is brought to you by Michelob ULTRA, the official beer partner of the NBA. What do I love about the NBA championship? Well, first of all, I love when the Celtics win, but that's not happening this year. But you know what? I really love the drama, the pressure. Everything goes to the highest level. Guys are injured, guys are banged up. Guys are hungry. It just brings out the best of everything. And Michelob ULTRA is helping you celebrate like a champion with a chance to win your own limited edition championship bottle. Just like those gifted to the NBA players during the championship parade. Enter now at Michelob ULTRA dot com slash courtside slash champs bottles Michelob ULTRA courtside, Victor Solomon Champs bottle sweepstakes, no purchase necessary. Open to US residence 21 plus ends June 22nd, 2025. See official rules@michelobbelcher.com slash rules for free entry prizes and details. Message and data rates may apply Void where prohibited.


It's The Bill Simmons Podcast presented by The Ringer Podcast Network where you can find Zach Lowe's podcast. Whoa, big free agent edition. The beginning of April. Now we're in a hotel room in Indiana. We just watched a stunning NBA finals game three. We have a very fancy tech set up. We're in my hotel room. I have my camera facing me. I have Zach's iPad facing him. They said we would've needed a video crew, right? We'd have people here, we'd have mics. We don't need that. We have cups with strings if need be. Yeah, attached to each other. You know what? We belong to the people. We can just put this together. We can just do this like the common man. We just watched an incredible game. Ringer podcast network. Check out the re watchable we put up working girl, when are you gonna be in the re watchable, by the way?


No one asks me. People ask me this. Just ask me. Just, well, you have to come to LA is the problem. I like, I love Los Angeles. Okay, well you're gonna be in the re watchable at some point. Anyway, Coming up we're gonna talk about an incredible game three that we both went to. It's all next. Let's take a break and we'll bring in Pearl Jam.


This episode is presented by State Farm. It's no secret that great teams need great teammates. I've been saying this for years. And when it comes to Insurance State Farm is there to help you find the right coverage for your home car and more. Whether you need an in-person or a digital assist that ready when life hits you with a full court press, get a game plan that helps fit your life. Talk to State Farm today. State Farm with the Assist coverage options are selected by the customer. Availability and eligibility vary by state.


Alright, Zach Lowe, it is 1143 Eastern Time. We are in Indianapolis, Indiana. A wonderful place at a great time today. Everybody's super friendly. People love this pacer team. There was this sense of, boy, it would be adorable if they could just get a couple punches in. We kind of know where this series is going around the third quarter, I started to get flashbacks to the 2011 finals when I was in Dallas, a Dallas team that did not make a lot of sense. And they're playing Miami, first year of LeBron weighed Bosch, just waiting for Miami to finish them off. And there's a point with the crowd and the energy and shots are going in and defensive plays where you kind of go, huh, what's going on here?


And Indiana wins and they're up two games to one. They're two games away from the 2025 NBA title. Zach Lowe, I'll tell you this right now. I was at Pacers practice yesterday. I've been around the Pacers a lot in, It lasts three weeks. The there the whole, like we're playing with house money thing. It'd be nice if we got a punch or two in. None of that is filtered into them. They're like, oh yeah, we can, we can win. Like we're, we're as good as this team. We can beat this team. Like none of that is is applied to them. And I, you know, the whole discussion in It lasts 48, 72 hours has been, I've seen like a million stories you've talked about with Ryan. Where does this team rank And like is the most unusual potential champion, the most unusual finalist, you know, blah blah blah.


Preseason odds. It's time to start just shifting the discussion to something happened. And this is now a championship level team because regardless of what happens from here on out, they are up to one in the NBA finals over a 68 win team. And that game tonight didn't feel fluky. It felt like two teams trading punches a little ugly, a little grimy. People got tired, some bad shots were taken, some tough defensive possessions that were, were inflicted by both teams and they made enough big plays. The bench was unbelievable. But like the most unusual thing, like that's cool. It's, it's gonna be good trivia whether they win or lose, but like something happened to this team and they're just this good first half.


The basketball was about as high level as you're gonna get for a game. Three of the finals, usually it takes a couple games. That was like a game four game five level. It's like, oh, they're going toe to toe. They're doing all the, the benches are coming in and actually making an impact. They're running really smart offense. They're attacking the other side. Like they've seen them for a bunch of games. I was halftime, I was just really impressed like talking to the people in in my section. Tommy came over, they were just like, that was just good basketball game. Jesus, Tommy Al alter, Tommy Alter stopped by just, just ubiquitous wearing a roots of fight jacket. Just super happy to be in Indiana. Third quarter starts six L run thunder boom. An OKC comes out with, with some real physicality and some swagger.


And it was like, all right, that was cute. That'll, that was a fun run by N and just felt like it was gonna go the way of all these other KC games. And once again they climbed out of the hole. Halliburton was great. I don't wanna do the Halliburton stepped up thing 'cause I thought that was the worst storyline of the week. And I thought it was a fundamental misunderstanding of who Halliburton is as a player. A guy who takes 13 to 14 shots a game who averages 19 to nine during the season in 19 to nine in the playoffs. He is who he is. This is Steve Nash in the mid two thousands was like this Chris Paul in the late two thousands and 2000 tens were like this. These guys are not built to score 20, take 20, 22 shots a game.


They're not 30 point scorers. They make everyone else better. That's the whole point of having them. They set the tone, they drive the car, you wanna put them in an awesome car and let them do their thing. With that said, I thought he was a little more aggressive the first half, no question, no question. He, he clearly was like, I can't let whatever happened last game happen again. So he took a couple shots that weren't even great shots but it was just he was trying to get in the paint and he was trying to take more stuff. But I thought he wasn't just awesome on offense. His hands were everywhere on defense. I don't know how many balls he touched, deflected stole, but it felt like he was all over the place. Yeah, he had a pick six against Shaa.


Shaa had a couple bad pass turnovers that went the other way. Six turnovers for shaa. Oof. Indiana wins the turnover battle. That's step one to having any chance of beating the thunder is like not just not lose it by too much. They won it. I like Halliburton. I remember a long two he took over at SGA in the first half that was clearly just like an iso. Like they want me to move more aggressive. This is like I gotta take this shot. He took a couple threes where he just kind of pulled up like in like before using a screen or in between a switch. Like I got a little window I gotta take it like I can't afford not to, not to take it. But yep. The other stat is, and he was great. Halliburton was awesome. Police sar, I wonder if people could hear the police sirens. It was quite a scene walking from the arena to your hotel by the way.


Like I would describe it as somewhere between joyous and euphoric. It was like you, it was the kind of scene I've seen when it's three one and your team's on the verge of winning. Like there was a kid hanging out of a moving car. There was a guy in a Larry Bird, Indiana State Jersey just running around yelling. Police were high fiving people. It was great. Anyway, Halliburton was awesome. 22, 11 and nine. If you cared more about his stats, gotta chase that 10th rebound, you know get C come on, get the triple Terry Toton, you gotta step up get, get the triple double man, get to 10 rebounds and step up. Steal a rebound from somebody. Halliburton was brilliant still even so stat of the game, Halliburton in a game, they win by nine just, and I'd be, I'm being facetious but just plus one.


And they had been getting destroyed in the non Halliburton minutes, which are also the non SGA minutes in the first two games. And they won those minutes decisively tonight. We know why the bench guys Mathen McConnell topping big fourth quarter for him. Those guys were plus 16 plus 12 plus 18 two by the way, two guys in topping and Mathen that have been the subject of, well if the Pacers ever need to deduct the luxury tax or cut their tax bills, they can just dump those guys, dump those guys. They just won you an NBA finals game against a 68 win team. There's no dumping, no dumps will be taken with those guys. Well the Pacer's bench, what was it? 32, 24. And they come in, TJ starts doing the TJ thing, they start pressing, he gets a steal but whatever it goes outta bounds.


He does the thing where he goes to the side of the corner, holds up, he ups up, he hooks up in front of everybody and it was another supercharge thing for the crowd. They, because they know like they need the energy from those guys. I said to you on Thursday, even though RO was terrible, I said, there's something you look comfortable to me out there. There was something athletically comfortable for him. And I was thinking today about just in general watching the game. They have all these Canadians out there who've all known each other forever. You know, and I, and it's one of the reasons Mhar, I don't think anyone can really guard SGA but he's probably looked the best doing it 'cause he is been playing against him since what they were 12. He's just not afraid of him and he knows all his moves.


He doesn't fall for his herky jerky thing. He's just kind of always there. And then you know, Mathen isn't afraid of anybody. He's the most irrational confidence guy to get. And then you flip it on the other side when we're talking about, you know, KC looking a little young. They don't have that one guy. And again, we're nitpicking. I think that team's great. They don't have that one like crazy rin heat check, let me carry us for four minutes guy. Well they it's the MVP, that's who it is. Well, well that that's the thing. It's SGA and Jalen, but they don't have the random eighth guy that comes off the bench and does whatever. But, so I'm trying to think like if I'm Indiana, what am I taking away from that game? Big picture because, okay, so look young, we covered that piece and they know that they can pressure them.


They know that they can at least stay in the vicinity of guarding SGA. What are, like, what are the other big takeaways for you? I I think they could take away number one that Halliburton found the right balance in how he needs to play and is gonna, is growing comfortable more in this series to the point that like I wonder if we see some adjustments from the thunder defensively on him. I thought Indiana is defense minus their bigs are still having issues in the pick and roll against Shaa. I thought they amped up the pressure in the second half they started blitzing 'em a little bit more and like m just mixed in different stuff but minus those kind of breakdowns where Shaa would fake toward a screen and go the other way.


And Miles Turner would be like, where do you go? Where do you go? And there'd be a layup or J Dub, same thing. Got 'em a couple times. Their defense was really good. And actually one of the reasons I'm interested to go back and watch this game is an insanely low three point volume game for both teams in 20 25, 27 threes for the Pacers. Only 22 threes for the Thunder. Like you don't see games anymore where neither team gets 33. So they were able to take away, not take away but limit SJ a little bit. Make it tough for him without giving up like re like could you, Wallace may have had one in the corner that was an awful miss. Like a lot of their threes were contested tough threes. Like it was a for for a team whose defense is, it's a like slight limitation.


They, they've played a pretty good defensive series, like minus those breakdowns and just that, just that the bench is, the bench is ready for even Ben, she, those 18 minutes from Ben, she are big like competent minutes. Like right. Really? Yeah, he was, he was at least staying with sj. It wasn't like he was shutting him down. We could, there's no like, we could not possibly say enough about McConnell and Mathen. Like they, they deserve like 10 minutes of this podcast. Well they were so good. Well so when I said to you the, I think I said I could see him having 27 in 20 minutes. How many minutes did he play? Two. Probably more than 22. And he had 27 points. Exactly. And the only one that I felt like he couldn't really do anything against, 'cause nobody can is dot and he was, he would try to get switches to get away from.so he could attack, but it felt like he was comfortable against everybody else.


So I wrote down it was O KC 90 to 84 right after that Jalen Williams hit that big three at the end of the third quarter. Ooh that was a killer. Yeah. And I wrote down that was an oh for the rest of the decade moment because that was one of those I got it guys. And you know, so I wrote down a bunch of stats 'cause there was three minutes there. Indy had five turnovers in that quarter. They had seven in the first quarter. None in the second quarter when they played. Well Indy was six for 22 from three after three quarters. And Turner was two for 10 and minus 15. And OKC was plus nine in rebound. So every single stat was looking good for OKC. Indie wasn't playing well except for, for Halliburton and the bench guys when they came in and then they swung it and I'm like, you I wanna watch that tape again.


It felt like the big things that swung were Halbert made a couple big plays. SGA looked, what's the word you would use? I I thought frazzled. You know it's funny, a we frazzled. I I just thought there often, and this is if the thunder have, there is no weakness. But if the thunder have a weakness that we've seen or a limitation that we've seen in a few of these games is that their offense can just sort of default into like, okay, we're just not gonna pass on like I'm just gonna do everything by myself. And JW and Shay both had a lot of those down the stretch. Some successful, some not. I think they had 16 assists on what, 37 baskets or something?


Yeah, today. I mean that's a somewhat alarming number. And it's telling to me that after every time out, if you go chart their out of time outplays in this game, almost everyone was some kind of like really heavily scripted set like set piece where SGA would set a back screen for Home Grain or SGA would set a like, almost like Warrior Z off ball stuff. And it's diagonal trying to be like, let's get some stuff going here. But then when the going gets tough and the game gets into the muck and it's at the end and, and the Pacers contested those shots pretty well. Even Mhar like they SGA would shove 'em off a little bit and Mhar would just be like, I I, I got shoved, I'm not gonna give up on the play.


And they didn't panic and yeah. Did you notice o KC was doing that? They didn't Smith too. They were really physical drives where JI mean J Dub is a tank man I felt like the whole, the first quarter and the third quarter especially OKC came out with, with a little bit of a physical swagger, like we're a stronger team than this team. Let's, let's punish these guys. I I just wonder if they thought the whole series for Indiana rides on this game, if we can come in here and take this game and go up to one and win, you know, win two straight in series, take back home court advantage. We're gonna smell blood in the water. They're gonna be worried we're gonna reassert our sort of primacy in the series.


I wonder if they just came out and like, this is the series for Indiana because this feels obviously way different if it's OKC two, Indiana won and now it's like, now game four is just a perfect, awesome game for us to go to. Well and game four is also the way they do this final schedule. It's the most interesting game 'cause it's the one game where we only have the one day rest. And by the way, isn't that awesome? Because the two days of rest between games one and two and it's nice day space, the finals out. You don't, You don't wanna overstress the players. But it, it did feel like some of that, some of the momentum from that crazy first game was sort of dissipated over 48 hours now where it's like one day off, get s tomorrow everyone's gonna talk. We go right back at it.


I was probably 10 rows behind the OKC bench and I was watching them before the game and I was watching them. They took a big lead. The first four or five minutes they were up like 13 six. Was that a double digit lead in the game at any time? I don't think there was. I thought yeah, They got to 15 six. I think that was the biggest lead and, and ended time and Che at eight. Hal Burton hadn't gotten going in any way yet. And we, we were actually wondering how if he was hurt 'cause that was a big topic. It lasts day. Is he hiding some sort injury? He wasn't, he was obviously fine but in the timeout they're laughing, they all their chess are out. They're like doing you you like you can kind of tell with benches sometimes how confident a team is.


Now I sound like body language guy but I, but in this this case legit. But you made the trip and it was really funny to watch that kind of demeanor shift over the course of the game. And by the fourth quarter there was none, obviously none of that 'cause they're behind. But it was kind of like almost a little shellshock. Nobody was talking. There was like Caruso coming in and doing like the come on guys. But for the most part that swagger like got just pulled out of them over the course of two hours and that this was like one of those great finals games where it swung back and forth a bunch of times. It was like, oh this team's up for momentum And like immediately the other team would answer. Like they just, every team, both teams had answers and answers and answers until just the Pacers had a few more answers and then they ran out of ran outta clock.


OKC missed the free throws they needed to make to have any chance. Caruso didn't get the flagrant call. What did, what did you think of that foul from like your perspective? I think you get that call at OKC. I think you get that call on the regular season. Oh you a hundred percent get it. If it's a Friday night ESPN game, you get that call. I didn't mind it not being called because I thought he pulled his hand up right after the, right after he hit him. Like he didn't like follow through. He well so that's why I like, I mean I don't wanna belabor it 'cause the game, it didn't end up mattering that much but I, I do think there's some skill in not being so outta control that you just decapitate someone and Knee Smith, like he missed his head. He missed his neck, he hit his shoulders, his arms and didn't like wind up crazily like that, that he took some precaution to not just kill Alex Caro in midair.


The problem is he had no chance on that play. He was directly behind him and usually they give the benefit of the doubt to the guy who's ahead. 'cause they don't want those guys to get hurt in those. But I was fine with it. Can we talk about McConnell and Mathen more so, yeah, we, we have a bunch of stuff there. McConnell had three McConnell's in one NBA finals game. Well he caught an inbounds pass. That's a McConnell. He said that's a McConnell is an inbound seal. He got three of them in one. I'm like, well so what's an official McConnell? Because he jumped up like a defensive end on the football line, a McConnell and stole and stole like a screen pass basically. You know that's, that's actually interesting is a mcc a McConnell can, it's a full McConnell if he, if he, if he grabs the pass out of the air a full That's right.


A full McConnell is if he's the first person to touch an inbound pass from the other team and he steals the ball. Yeah, a semi McConnell is they inbound it to another player who catches it and then he just takes the ball away. That's offset away. That's a different, he had three full McConnells in one game including 95, 91 in the fourth quarter. Thunder had the ball in there ahead by four. Jalen Williams brings the ball over half court gets pressed a little bit, put picks up his dribble inexplicably and then like throws a pass to nobody. McConnell gets it. Yeah. Goes down the court, misses offensive rebound Emhart hits a short two. Its 95, 93 instantaneous McConnell put back layup.


95 95 crowd goes. What just happened? Like the, it could have been a six point game and it's tied in five seconds in a McConnell crowd goes crazy too. Yeah, there was a few times like they fucked up a few fast breaks. McConnell had one where he just was like tearing down. It was like a one on four and he just whipped it into the corner. They reviewed it. It was, it was just a bad play. But where it felt like Indiana was about to go up by eight and every time it felt that way they would do something dumb. McConnell was, you know, I, we've seen him do this at home. Like if you actually watch the Pacers It lasts couple years. This is a big part of who they are. It's him coming in these home games and swinging the game. Rin hit or miss, he knew he was gonna have a game like this at some point.


Topping was the revelation for me because there's been times in the playoffs where he looks unplayable and then there's other times in the playoffs where you go, wow, I can't believe the Knicks just gave him away because they did they, I mean they needed him away. Needed the seller cap. They literally gave him away that follow up donkey had, which I was lucky 'cause it was on my basket and you could see there was a miss and you could see him timing it from the foul line and Coming up and all of a sudden he was 12 feet. And by the way, that was one of the big Carlisle moves of the game. He sat aka until I think like three and a half minutes left. He rode the top and turner combination, the big man rotation. But fitting Sicca was pretty bold.


Yeah. Like I don't, well it it, and it's fitting for the kind of player Pascal aka is that the first time we mentioned him X minutes into this podcast is about how he wasn't in the game for a lot of the fourth quarter and all he did was finish with 21 6 and four on eight to 14 shooting. Right. And just like he just, I've said this to you before, he is like the electric current pulsing through the game. You don't notice it all the time. Yeah but it's j it's powering them constantly and like yes he was on the bench for some of the fourth quarter. He still had a great game defensively. I thought he was awesome. Made a lot of plays on defense. I don't think he should have been on the bench for that long. Well I mean I thought he was really risky 'cause I didn't think Turner was good. And Ironically Turner in It lasts couple minutes, had three straight awesome defensive plays that kind of quitch the game.


So that's why he was out there. But he was bad for most of the game. Well Toppin, you know he has it's 1 0 5, 100. I just, I'm not doing this from straight memory but I just looked at the play by play. 1 0 5 100 Dort misses a wide open corner three to bring it to within two whatever. By the way, I thought that was going in. I I didn't, I mean anything Blue door touched for the first three quarters of game was going to the point where I think every shot he's taking is going in Toppin got what will go as an unheralded. Really good contested defensive rebound. Yep. So defensive rebound by Toppin, immediate offensive put putback dunk by topping on a Halliburton miss and then Toppin switches onto Jdw on the next possession and blocks him at the rim.


Yeah. Three incredible top-end plays in 45 seconds to swing the game from like really in the balance of that door three goes in or they get an of offense rebut or something to Indiana is now in full control of the game going down the stretch. He's a classic nice guy to have in a playoff home game with an awesome crowd. I mean that putback dunk was, you know, who's like that for the, for the seltz. Robert Williams was like that. There's certain guys who are just like great playoff home game guys. I actually thought about Robert Williams today for some reason during a meeting I had with somebody and we were, I was talking about a center that I was thinking about centers that can rim run and pass and how rare that combination is and how it, it looked like Lord Williams gonna be one of those guys and now it's like where is he?


What's happening? Anyway, I allowed myself to think of the Celtics today as I was walking to the whatever the Indiana arena is called. Which by the way has been around since Cambridge Fieldhouse 1999. Yeah. What it might be my favorite arena same year as Staples Center. The place is awesome. Yeah. And the Staples Center should, should, should be fumigated. But I was thinking as I was walking there a year ago, I went to the two Dallas Celtic games in Dallas, which were super fun and it was like really felt like the Celtics were gonna win the title and this was hopefully this finals could be and now the Celtics era is completely over. So you were, everybody's being traded wasn't wasn't game three the seminal.


Yeah. Luco Wines at the refs and fouls out. That was the Jalen Brown Dunking traffic game. Yeah that was the Jalen Brown won the finals. MVP that game. That was a crazy game to be at. And that was the Luca just fouled out. Oh my god, this is full circle. Kyrie Kyrie is gonna beat the Celtics in this game. That game's right Ri I can't Crazy a little bit believe this is lined up. And then he actually missed some shots.


We're gonna take a break and a lot more to discuss about this game. This episode is brought to you by Uber Eats Summer is here and you can now get almost anything you need for your sunny days delivered with Uber Eats. What do I mean by almost? Well you can't get a well groomed lawn delivered but you can get chicken Parmesan delivered. I love chicken parm A day in the sun. No, a bottle of rum. Yes. Uber Eats can definitely get you that get almost, almost anything delivered with Uber Eats. Order now for alcohol. You Must be legal drinking age please enjoy responsibly. Product availability varies by region. See app for details.


Let's talk about Indiana, the basketball city 'cause we're both here, which is a really special place and obviously I've talked about it a million times. It's the place of Hoosiers and Larry Bird and you know, it's 49 states and then there's Indiana, whatever the saying is, they show Oscar Robertson Courtside, you know, legend in high school in 1950s. It's weird. Oscar doesn't really have a team in the NBA because he played for the Cincinnati Royals that don't exist anymore. And then he was in the Bucks for a few years. But Indiana is kind of weirdly his team. Then they go back, they show Reggie Miller, they show Ed, ed and James that great one.


Sweet that was like this is great. Was so good to see Adrian James like please show Larry Legend. Where is he? Yeah but the crowd was just, you know, everyone's wearing jerseys. Everyone is like super optimistic and I, a bunch of people were talking to me or yelling, yelling at me like by what do you think? What do you think we got a chance like just like the happiest basketball place. So much fun to come here and you made the key point. The arena is probably the best. It's a great arena. Every seat is good. I think it's number one for me. Every seat is good. Even the corners are good. It you've, the crowd feels like they're on top of the game. When you have a game like today, I do think it affects the game because I, I think if you're the visiting team, it's just, it feels like the fans are on top of you in a slightly different way and those fans are, are fantastic.


And boy game four, I mean look, Oklahoma City's had gut check moments and the Denver series down two one that was a big test. Minnesota, I mean up to one in Minnesota for game four. Semi gut check. Little bit of a gut check. This is the ultimate, if you wanna become a championship team, this is about as big of a game and as big of a test as you're gonna face down two one in the finals on the road against the team that has proven itself championship caliber. And that absolutely thinks we can do the whole thing. Like there's no doubt it, there's no, if there were any doubt and I don't really think there was, there is no doubt anymore that like we could do the whole thing. So the 2015 Warriors, I think they did the whole thing well I think they fell behind two one in Memphis.


They did and hit that similar point and they had to win game four in Memphis in the second round. It wasn't like, you know, no this is way bigger stakes but it was the same kind of with the younger teams you have the chest hair game. I thought they already had the chest hair game when the the Denver series. You know I They had three of them. Well yeah, the four of them if you include game six laws, what was it? Game four, all these games blend together one of those Game game four, game five, game four and game five. They both won game four coming game four in Denver, game four in Denver in a game where and game five they were behind and teetering and then Wiggins, that was the Wiggins Wallace making shots against the zone and Jalen Williams hit the three end game.


Yeah, it was that stretch. I thought that's when They got through it. But now you're right. This is because I watched this happen. The reason I mentioned that Dallas Miami series at the top you can think you're the better team and OKC is has a better team. They have a better team. But you still have to beat the other team four times. Indiana doesn't think OKC is better than them. They showed it today and at some point they're gonna have to go and take it. And when you're at these games, when you're in the room and you feel it slipping away, I, there's nothing, there's no other sport like it, like football, baseball, none of these hockey, none of these other sports have where you're watching it going, I can't believe this is how it's playing out.


I remember in the Dallas Miami series and Jason Terry hit that crazy 30 foot three against Miami took Quench, I think it was Game five, hit the hand in the with LeBron's hand in his face. Yeah. Even when he was taking it, I was like, I can't believe Dallas is gonna win game five. This is the most amazing thing I've ever seen. And then they won it. They win in six. So there's gonna be a moment in game four when OKC is, is gonna have to decide are, is this really how our season's gonna end? This is what's gonna happen. First of all, just for the record, the Cavs were up to one over the Warriors in the 2015 finals. So the Warriors did have a game four on the road and that's when they went small and started.


Now you started to go small, but you ever, did you ever think that Cavs without Kyrie and starting moss gov Inman? I never, I never felt the warrior the Warriors were was Brian Windhorst? Yeah. I never felt like the Warriors were in like major danger. It was weird. Memphis I felt like they were, was more dangerous for them 'cause Memphis was so weird. So here's the thing about like you, you just said Oklahoma City's a better team. I think we all think Oklahoma City's a better team. Doesn't mean they're gonna win the series. No, but, and I can hear Indiana fans saying, oh hold on now like you erase our first 30 games when Halliburton is just finding his rhythm after a tough start and we get our defense together, MHAR and Knee Smith get healthy and back in the lineup we can go toe to toe with anybody and they were much better.


I'm just looking up the numbers now from February 1st till end of season, so half the season basically Oklahoma City 31 and five, net rating 13.7 Indiana 24 and 12 net rating 3.7. So getting, getting there but like still kind of a big gap from March 1st on it, it gets, it gets an narrower Oklahoma City 20 and three plus 12.9 Indiana 17 and seven plus 5.3. So yeah, the gap narrowed, but like this is still surprising that Indiana has gotten this good this fast and kept trending up and kept narrowing that gap and now they're just, they're just this good.


I mean they're, we gotta, we didn't talk enough about Mathre your guy. So he's the one guy in the team who feels like he can create his own shot against really good defense no matter who's guarding him except for Lou Dort who's who's, who's the good reaper. What was, what was impressive to me was how calm he looked. Just how easy those mid-range jumpers look for him. Yeah. Like I'm just, I'm just walking right into him, just strolling into it and maybe he gotta pressure him more or whatever. There was a lot of commentary on Twitter about, you know, Oklahoma City's bigs are too far back on somebody's, Hey I I thought it was mostly good defense, like you just gotta make guys make shots. But he scored on jumpers, he scored on pull up threes, you scored on catch and shoot threes. He had a bunch of cuts in the first half off and off of McConnell actions and stuff where it's like he just had a very mature all around floor game that you don't necessarily associate with a guy that was kind of known as a chucker.


And he did a little bit of everything. He got transition points like a little bit of every part of his offensive game came out and they, and it was just, and you know he, he had 14 in the second quarter. Yeah. And he's like, you know, there's this whole thing of Indiana never tanks and they build from the middle and that and that's largely true. He is the, he is the product of like their really only close to bottoming out season when They got the six pick and Jarris walker's the other one and he's not playing, he is been injured and whatever. Yeah. But like they're now getting something from him. They're getting a lot from him. They're just like, they just have a lot, lot of good players man. I actually think Walker would've played in this series. I do too. Yeah. I like Walker 14 in the second quarter for him.


It's a weird one because it feels like he's been on the trade block for about a year in some ways. Like he does feel he has felt available and he's always the person that gets brought up first. You said that earlier when they talk about if they change the team, is he in it? If they try to upgrade, like if they try to get like Cam Johnson or whoever, but I don't know, I I, I like the vibe that he brings to them. This hit or miss. He can carry you for a quarter. Like I, I really value guys like that. So there's this whole debate. Pink Prichard was like that for the Celtics where he could just carry them for eight minutes outta nowhere and you never knew what was gonna happen and when it happened it was like a fucking, you felt like you found money in your pocket. There's this whole debate with Mathen about, you know, he, he doesn't really play the pacer style.


Like the ball sticks with him a little bit more. Right. He's not an as intuitive, a quick twitch, quick pass, quick cut DecisionMaker as everybody else on the team. And I've, I think I said this to you last time, we podcasted like initially I think that was thought of as like, eh, he is not that great of a fit. He doesn't play the way we feel. And the more I watch him, the more I'm like, every team kind of needs a curve ball that's that. Like even the warriors like Steve Cur, it's like, it's, it's a, it's a little bit of a weird example to bring up now, but he would always be like, the reason I like Wiggins on our team is he can break away from our beautiful game cuts and just like get us a few buckets one-on-one when nothing else is working. We need that kind of guy on our team. I I I think he's like the curve ball that to be a championship team you kind of need, if you play, if Indiana, if if you play a style that's like Indiana, I think you need a guy who could be like eh that style's cool but I'm just gonna do some like traditional guy stuff.


Right. Be the guy. I don't feel like he's as ball stoppy as he used to be. No, he is gotten much, he's gotten much better and defensively he's gotten better too. One thing I noticed I wanted to talk to you 'cause it's about as basketball nerdy as I'm gonna get with you, you can go seven levels higher than me with some of the super nerd stuff and talk pin downs and double pin downs and reverse pin downs. Oh yeah. Upside down pin downs. How many pin downs are there? I had a lot of pin downs. A lot of pacers are breaking up creative stuff down. You can do a full pin down podcast. One thing I've noticed that these two teams specifically do, and I don't know if it's a trend and I don't know if it's something teams will copy when they watch this and see what's successful. They do it with shaa with the, with OKC and they do it with Halburn but then weirdly also with Mathen where it's like the guy has the ball set him pickup top, he's moving around, he is moving back, he dumps it off the ball immediately comes back to him and it's like this constant, he ha it's almost like watching a hockey power play where they keep giving it back to the defenseman so he can reset whatever the attack on the net and the ball just kind of keeps moving around.


It's these little hockey passes versus like how the Celtics play where it's like we dribble up, I'm gonna hunt this matchup, come set me a pick, you three guys stand there, I'm just gonna keep dribbling until I get the look I want. Then I'm gonna shoot Indy's doing a version of that and okay, C is two where the ball is still moving around all the time, but they're doing the same thing and I think it's way harder to stop and I wonder if it's gonna be something that's replicated next season. Is that, was that coherent? Do you know what I mean though? Somewhat coherent. Yeah, it's, I mean it's 12, 12:20 AM Yeah, I'm a little groggy. You flew cross country. I did. You're doing great. I mean Indiana definitely plays a more random unpredictable style than Oklahoma City and I just think, but do you think that they, they deliberately don't want anybody to have the ball for more than like three, three and a half seconds?


For sure. It seems like that's a real thing for them. It's, it's can't be a hard and fast rule. 'cause sometimes aka has a mismatch. You just gotta give him the ball and let him manufacture some points in the first quarter. Yeah, yeah. And so he'll back down. That's like the one time they'll mess around with it and Mathre, you know, will do his stuff. But I mean it's, you can only play that way if your best player, your offensive number one option is a guy who wants to get off the ball fast. Who, who lives to get other people involved and often, you know, ant Anthony Edwards is learning this in Minnesota. Like if you get off the ball you will often get it back. It will go all the way around to you because you'll have compromised the defense with that first pass and it will, there'll be in rotation and you'll be the guy who the ball should get back to in rotation and Halliburton just plays that way.


You can't play that way if your best player doesn't doesn't have that kind of bath basketball ethos to him. And he does. Yeah. 'cause in person you can watch, it's much easier to watch the people who don't have the ball. So I was watching some of the stuff Knee Smith was doing in the second half as they're doing all the stuff on the top and he is dipping off, he's getting back and they're moving around and they're trying to create mismatches and he's in the corner. But then sometimes he would kind of creep in if the, if the defender was falling asleep on him and see if he could get a little back cut or he would, he would dart in or he would try to get an offensive rebound. Everybody in that team is up to something. It's not a team where the guys are just like, I'll just be here in the corner. I hope it works out for you. You know what I mean?


So, so they are very, I I talked about this on my much, my nerdier podcast before on the pin down, but on the pin down with Zach Lowe, that'll make me good title. But, but we're gonna get deep now deep in Indiana Pace. Let's let's lore right now. They are extremely proud of Knee Smith for exactly what you just described for learning how to move without the ball to screen and to be random to cut, to always be on his toes. And well remember on the Celtics he just stood there. Well that was one of the reasons, I mean he was wasn't his fault and he, they just told him, go in the corner, you're not gonna have the ball. And you know what the deep cut is the guy, they give a lot of credit not only for that but for his partnership with Halliburton and Halliburton really leaning into a crazy motion.


Get off the ball Offense is a guy who's no longer on the Pacers, it's buddy healed. Interesting. These, the coaches of the Pacers talk about Buddy HEAL's lasting impact on Knee Smith on Halliburton and just how they play like it, it comes up and they, and every, first of all, everybody loves Buddy healed. He's a, the, the most gregarious personality. He's an extremely hard worker. He is a beloved teammate. Everybody loves buddy healed, but they talk about his impact in particular on exactly what you just described with Knee Smith more than anyone else on the team. I wonder if it's replicable or I wonder if they just have been doing it for so long because OKC will have, they have their version of it, but then they also do what you talked about earlier where it's just a lot of dribbling and they, the ball stops moving around in the same way.


And look, they made tough shots. Like if you tell, if you said before the game, Chet j Dub and Shay are gonna combine for 70 points on like not great shooting, but let me see if I can do the math. 24 of 53 with a lot of free throws between them two. Like it's not like they, they off their offensive rating for the game is, is bad, but it, it didn't feel like, I mean They got nothing from the bench stein's first bad game of the series. Wiggins disappeared. God's zero. The Hartstein thing is an issue. That's, that'll be one of the topics tomorrow about, maybe this is why they were so afraid to play the double bigs. Maybe this is, maybe they anticipated this, maybe there was stuff during the season that they saw with this matchup with him.


'cause I thought, thought he looked a little gamey. I'm also like, if I'm Indiana, I'm delighted when, and I, I think Isaiah Joe's a good player, but every time somebody like Isaiah, Joe or even Wiggins is in the game, I'm so happy that the fucking gauntlet of all those defenders are not there at the same time. And conversely, I, I mean watching what Mhar was trying to do to SGA and I thought that he got called for a couple chintzy fouls watching how different SGA was the moment Mhar would come out of the game versus when Mhar in I thought was pretty interesting. It was like the straight jacket came off. Basically Mhar is just awesome. Like pick 31, pick 31.


We're just never gonna be good at the draft. That's, that's what we learned over and over again. Pick 31, 30 guys over him, pick 31 and They got him and the pick that became Ben Shepherd in the same little just random trade. I think it was one of the car of our trades and Mhar eight points, nothing stuff jumps off the STA sheet. He's just an awesome basketball player. Like I remember when he signed that contract, which is like 18, $19 million a year. If you go back and read some of the reviews that I don't know that's like too a little too much for a team that's gonna be up against the tax. I remember just thinking like, the guy's good. Yeah, like a good player making $20 million. That's just what, that's just fine. Like he's just a really good player. Are you ever unhappy when Andrew Emhart is on the floor no matter what he's doing?


It's like, I'm always happy to have that guy around, even if he's floating around on offense or not guarding the best guy or he is switched on to that guy. It's like he's gonna do the right thing every single time. Even if the right thing is not something that you really notice. He's also a dick and I mean this as a compliment. He's, he's got a dick side that's like very, very underground, but it'll come out once or twice a game. There was a moment in the game where SGA got fouled and then he tried, was going for a continuation. Mhar came in and basically did the second foul on him. And SGA didn't like it. He went to the ref to complain about the foul and Mhar just walked over right next to him and was just like being a dick and was like, really you're gonna bitch about that? And was just kind of just trying to get under his skin a little bit, which he's been doing in every series and he loves it and it's like a Canadian thing.


He, he's doing like the Canadian playoff hockey thing. He's like, the guys like, basically he'd be on, on Florida just like hint somebody with a stick right after the whistle. He love that shit. I did listen to you and Ryan talk about the Stanley Cup finals a little bit. It made me want to get into the Stanley Cup finals. Like it's, you would love it. Florida apparently has got a lot of, a lot of hateable guys. The Florida RS memo wouldn't even crack the top five for what's the score. Who's winning that sir? Did they play Florida's up? Do they all do, do they alternate so at least we can go NBA finals and Hhl final. Yeah, they do. They try to steer clear from NBA. Yeah, no, that game three was the classic where Florida took a big lead and then we just had to have fights. They, each team has to lay down their, their masculinity on the other team. I will never get over that.


Fighting is just allowed in hockey. I just, I, I just, it's crazy. The one that's really crazy is professional. There's professional lacrosse stuff where they can fight. They in hockey you have skates like you only can get so much leverage. You're lacrosse you can really like, you know, plant and sock somebody. I'm kind of surprised that lacrosse fits all right. More stuff from this game. Yeah. Go OKC starting five with Wallace. Do we see anything different in game four, which I think we both agree is a backs to the wall game for OKC because if you go down three one with game six looming, I don't care how good you are, that's, that's a place that only a few teams in the history of the league has come back from.


I think the only move I'm gonna guess, no I think the only reasonable move, unless it's something outta left field, like we're gonna just start Kendrick Williams and see what happens. In the case of Wallace spot, I think the only move is to start Caruso over Wallace. That's what I had as well and I don't really know that anything that happened today screams for that being necessary but, well I don love the plus minus stat, but did you see the plus minus stat? Yeah. Caruso, well Caruso is minus 15 Yeah today and Wallace was minus 10. So take take whichever you like. But I mean Caruso's, I mean, and Caruso played 32 minutes and I, I don't know how much more than that he's gonna play even if you start him or not.


But he is better than Kaon Wallace and, well I do wonder like we see these coaches further. You get in the playoffs that rotation starts to tighten, right? And OKC is an unusual team because like even today they played 11 minutes like legitimately, I mean 11 guys played Ken Rich Williams only played two minutes but they still, they played, he played 11 minutes. I hated the one shot Ken Rich Williams took. Do you remember the shot that he took? It wasn't great, just got the ball at three point a jab step like 28 feet from the room. Like I guess I'm just gonna shoot now. It's like one of those possessions where it's like, hey I'm in the finals, I get, I'm gonna take a three. I just feel like you're probably good with nine guys, maybe 10 max. But if you're down, usually what we see team shorten the rotation, go to eight, maybe seven playing big minutes.


I had the same thought. I wonder if Caruso just starts and maybe they do it that way. The only other one I was thinking was would they start Isaiah Joe for some just a weird three point look out of nowhere for, for seven minutes, try to get to the office. That's another outta the left field one. I, I don't see it. The other thing that's interesting is in It lasts, two games we've seen is zero of the no big man lineup. And I thought that lineup did not, I I think the plus minus was not good in game one. But I still thought it was something I would try if I were the thunder I'm, I'm a little surprised that they've gone like completely away from it. I would like to see that as like a four minute, just blitz them with switching and swiping and steals and see, see if that can just like muck up the game a little bit with even more speed than we normally have.


Well neither of us work for A SPN anymore, but I think we have to. I don't, we have to do segment. What happens? We're both going, we have to do a segment called Step Up. Okay. Who's gotta step up? I'm looking at the box score right now and in case I Wallace, I don Dunno if you need to step up Isaiah Hartenstein, you need to step up. Miles Turner maybe needs to step up. Isaiah Hartstein the $30 million man. Yeah, you were the big edition. Yeah. Four and three. No, I, that's the thing is like, I, I think that was just a really nice competitive fucking basketball game.


Maybe SGA slight step up. Well that's, let's talk about that 10% step up, 24 points, six turnovers, four assists, 20 shots. 24 points. You know what? Took 42 minutes. It took us too long to get here. Yeah, he did not play a good enough game. He didn't, he didn't. I he took us too long to get to sj. We're so in love with the McConnell's and the RINs and the Toppins took us too long to get to SJ 'cause he didn't play. He was like good or like, like the B minus SGA game. Probably I would go C plus. C plus. So here's what, here's here was the vibe I got from him in this game. It reminded me of, of fba as you know, I'm one of the only people that loves all the FBA games in the Olympics.


When the rules are different and we send the guys over there and they think they're gonna get a call and they don't get it, and then they do another and they don't get the call and they're just kind of, are you going free throw merchant? Is that where you going? This not going merchant. It just felt like he was getting defended in a way that he didn't really adjust to as well. That well he, he was bou trying to bounce off guys. There was one time where, you know, he did get the hook arm. He did that a couple times, but for the most part, I thought the refs called him really fairly. I thought they called both sides. Like the Indiana crowd was probably madder than maybe they should have been, but, you know, they're a home crowd they're doing. But I thought for the most part, they allowed a lot of physicality on both sides.


And I don't know if that's great for him. I, and I also thought, again, like with the exception of their, their big man point of attack defense on some pick and rolls, like Miles Turner. Thomas Bryant thought their defense was pretty good. And I thought their off ball defense, I, again, I'll go back and watch it tomorrow, but just like they're stunting back and forth on his pick and rolls, they're, they're trying to make him a decision maker and cloud his decision making. And I thought they did a good job of that tonight. Like a lot of the a a few of his turnovers were bad pass turnovers on the pick and roll where he was kind of caught in between reads Yeah. A little bit and didn't quite know what to do with it. I thought their def and they, and they started doubling him. He loves to do the thing where he drives to like the deadest dead spot on the floor of the spot that nobody ever wants to ball in, which is like 18 feet from the rim.


Yeah. On the baseline because he's right. He just thinks no one is gonna come help here. It's just gonna be me 'cause who's gonna double here? And the Pacers as, as the wolves did a little bit in It. Lasts series started springing doubles on him there. So to kept coming over, I thought that was smart. We're, we're just not gonna give you this shot. We're gonna force you to pass it. And one, and once they gave up a bad, they, their rotations were bad. Isaiah Joe hit a wide open three. Like the one guy you absolutely cannot leave open on Oklahoma City. But other than that, their rotations were pretty good. And you know, I just think, you know, again, Rick Carlisle was very good at not overdoing anything. Like just because they did that a few times today and it worked it. They may not do it the first couple times Shea goes to that spot in game four.


They did a nice job. It didn't feel like he was going downhill as much as he normally does in playoff games when he's just scoring 36 to 38 points. My guess would be he's gonna be awesome in game four. I mean game two was just a spectacular perform. Yeah, that was an a plus today it was a C plus. Yeah. And when maybe he has a C stumbled on something. I was an easy teacher so I'd give him a B minus. But when the MVP has a B minus C plus, like they're, you're vulnerable. My grades for today, the Indiana crowd was an a plus. The A plus superb job by them. I have no notes. Just keep doing what you're doing Indiana. And I loved having Oscar Robertson and Reggie Miller there and Larry Legend should be here for game four if they really wanna bring the roof down.


Fucking private jet. Mark Jackson was here. Mark Jackson was there. Mark Jackson was up in a suite. Yeah, I thought Hal Burton was probably an A. Yeah, I don't think he was in the A plus would've been the game four and Nick series. I really liked some of the stuff he was doing on defense. I thought he was active and problematic for OKC, but I thought he was fantastic. Toppin gets an A minus for me. Mathre gets an a. TJ McConnell probably probably a b plus. I didn't like a couple of the turnovers. That's okay. And then for OKC, I really liked what Jalen Williams did in that game.


I thought, I thought they relied on him in kind of a shocking way offensively where they, it almost felt like they were one A, one B, little Jalen Brown, Jason Tish. It does feel like the more stress they get put under and the fewer easy transition baskets they get when that's when they get rolling. Right. Like, and that's when their passing gets, gets unleashed and they get oop and all that. It does feel like for not all the time, not even for the majority of the time, but for segments of each of these games, high pressure games, that there's not as much synergy between Shea and JW as you would like there to be from your best little doling banjos two best. Yeah, a a little bit of like, like they'll be, wow, there's been a lot of Jill and Williams going on right now and Shea's kind of standing in the corner and like, okay, now there's a lot of shaa going on and you would just like a little bit more possessions when there's like a lot of both going on.


That's all. We're gonna take a break and then I have a really important subject to bring up about this series that's that's, I could see getting cut out in a social media video. Oh boy. Yeah. All right. Coming back social media segment time. Okay, you wanna say it? I'll let you do it Kyle, turn the TikTok camera on. If OKC loses this series, oh boy, here we go. You can't resist going to the end. We're in the middle. Let's enjoy the middle. I wasn't allowing myself or even considering it was a possibility until I was in that arena tonight when realizing that OKC has to figure out how to win in that arena either Friday night or next week.


Yep. Or they're not going to win the title. It's good math. Your math is right. If they don't win the title, this would be an absolute historic basketball calamity. Because they had one of the greatest seasons of all time and start to finish. I'm not saying they're one of the greatest teams of all time, but they had one of the 7, 8, 9, 10, whatever list you wanna do from net ratings to actual record to dominance to 1520 point wins. It was one of the best seasons anyone's ever had. And to then go to the finals and lose, you're in rare ground. You're in 2016 Warriors Draymond punching LeBron in the balls and Steph playing on an injured ankle and Festa Zazi being trapped on an island against LeBron for two straight threes.


And all of a sudden we've lost, what the hell happened? This does not happen a lot in basketball. Usually the right team usually the better team. Usually the team that has the best season wins the title. But then occasionally that's not what happens. And this is one of those times it would be interesting to look back at most dominant teams that didn't win. It's, it's the shortest list possible. It's very short list. Because I remember doing this last year when Boston was on the verge of winning the title because of their number. What did they win? 66 games last year or something like that. Yeah. When you get, when you get into the 80 win territory as a team when you're 80, 18, 82 and 20 like but I remember remember going through basketball reference and doing the wins.


Regular season wins, regular season net rating, playoff, net rating and how many teams checked every box at a certain level of eliteness or whatever. Yeah. Like just narrowing it down or finagling the numbers in different ways. And let's just say when the Thunder were up 2.0 against Minnesota, I reread that, the piece that I ended up writing about Boston and where that Boston team place in history should be and would be compared to those other teams. Which was a pure math case and just, well no, it just like, and but it wasn't a pure math case. No, just like record stats. All my, the ultimate conclusion, which I think was right then a lot of people made it was the math says that Celtics team is like way up here.


I think they're probably a little bit like really great team, but with some of the other just like really great teams. Not as up here as the massive, but anyway, I just cut and pasted that and put it in an email to myself to have it fresh in preparation for what looked like, I mean when they were up to, oh against Minnesota, it was like, are are they just gonna win? Are they not losing for the rest of the season? Like that's, I think I led my podcast that night that way. Like did they just did Did they arrive? Yeah. Well I mean they just, are they just gonna go six and oh and the playoffs are gonna be over before we know it. And now and again, like the net rating can be what it is like. And again, the Pacers became a very good team. The signs were all there, but there was still a a, a difference between what Oklahoma City was resume wise and what the pacers were last 40 games even resume wise calamity.


I mean I just think you have to give the credit to the pacer something magical has happened here and there's still a long way from finishing it off. Like this is gonna be very hard to do against a great team that's still probably favored. I would like to look up odds. That's a good, that's a good segment. Magical or calamity Maja Ma Ma Magical calamity Cal. I think you're right in that the story leans more toward, this is one of the most incredible stories in the history of the NBA that something happened. This pitch team won the title. Something happened here. But I also think another piece would be be holy shit OKC checked every box we ever thought we'd have to check for a team that was gonna win the title and they didn't win the title except for one box that you've already brought up.


Youth age. Yeah. Veteran, whatever. Well that's the scary, that's the scariest thing with them is that they, you know, if they end up winning the title, I don't feel like they're close to being the team. They're probably gonna be two years from now if everyone's healthy. Yeah. They're just gonna be better. They're gonna be better. And like the poster guy for that to me is Chet. Right? I was talking to Drew Hanlon before the game, he works with Chet among many other people. And I was just saying to him like, I watched Chet in these games and he is missed so much time in his brief NBA career. And he'll do three or four things every game where I'm like, is he just kind of scratching the surface of what he's gonna do offensively?


Like is he even doing 50% of what he's gonna be able to do offensively? Drew's response was enthusiastic. Y yes. Like there's a lot more there. And I won't go into the conversation anymore, but he's the guy with, so you're saying Drew Hanlon talked about one of the prayers he was training. Well we just, I talked about it and he like nodded. I'm kidding. But, but like I, yeah, I mean, well I think he's right because it's funny, van Van texted me a couple days ago and was like, how good is Chet? I'm like, what do you mean? It is like, is it like, is there more here or is this it? And I was like, I actually think there's way, way, way more here.


'cause even in college, the way they used him at Gonzaga, he'd be at the top of the key and he would, he would almost like a, a little like how Duke used Cooper flag last year where he, like, he was a little point forwardy sometimes, but I think there's this whole other level where you could run offense through him at the top of the key and he could either fake threes or go, you know, kick out. I, there's a post-up game that I'll probably have, what, four years from now? I mean in the first quarter of, of that game, he had a coast to coast take around Miles Turner. Yeah. And then he had a little short roll where Miles Turner was there, like on the catch. And he just took like one dribble pivot step back, like 12 footer or 15 footer. It's like, God damn, that's a tough shot.


This seems pretty amazing. I, they're down to one of the finals to the United Pacers. I'm gonna go on FanDuel right now. What do you think the line is? Oklahoma City minus one 10. But I have no, to be clear to the listeners, I have no idea how any of this works. KC minus 2 35. That's Wow. Wow. That's the thing, wasn't it minus three 50 or something coming into this game. So this win, I guess it's a home win at, no, it jumped up to the five hundreds again after they won game two. Everyone and their brother had OKC in five as their finals pick. Did you have it? I had it.


We're wrong. We're officially wrong. Three games into the series, everyone was wrong. And I didn't wanna do it because everyone had it. I wanted to zag and I just couldn't figure out how Indiana was gonna win two games. And now we know that game one game that comeback in Halliburton, the shoddy hits and that's how you, could that be how the entire series swings? I don't know. All right. Predictions for game four and then I have some trade stuff to ask you about. Oh good. I like a 1245. Yeah. Super crowd. Let's go. Well you had one thing on your pod I really wanna dive into. Okay. Predictions for game four. I'm just gonna say Oklahoma City wins a very close game, but Oklahoma City one 18 Indiana one 14. Well can we talk what maybe neither team, 'cause they're both pretty young.


Who has an advantage from that game today that we just went to was like a playoff game and a half. Yeah. Incredibly physical, up and down, intense emotional. And now They got play on Friday and I can't decide who, that's more of a detriment to, my guess is the home crowd probably helps Indiana more. OKC I'm, I have my eye on Che because I really thought he looked wiped out in the fourth quarter. He was the one out of all the OKC guys that I thought looked like he, he, he was spent SGA maybe. I don't know, but maybe that's But on the other side, Hal Burton, I don't know.


My guess is it's gonna be kind of an ugly dramatic game and it would be decided by somebody weird. I like it. I would, I would pick, I'm going Oklahoma City by four. I would pick KC as well. OKC is favored by six. I would not do that. That's a lot. It's a lot of points I'd say. But I bet for, for thunder, even thunder playoff games, that's not very many points. I love this series and I don't care what the ratings are. And if casual fans don't care because famous people that they knew or famous franchises aren't in it, you know what, why do we need them? The NBA just signed an 11 year media deal. I'm fine. I love basketball. That game was awesome.


I like that. We have two new teams that are now in the fray and I think this finals is a win. And guess what? Indiana's a really small city and so is Oklahoma City. Shit happens. Well the MVP is in this in the series. Right? That should be a, a very famous player. You've talked, you and Ryan talked about how he's maybe not one of the 10 most famous players in the end day. He's a little Mike Trish. Okay. But he's, he's the MVP And no matter who the teams are, if it's a long series, the ratings will go up as the series goes on. So I, yeah, I'll, but I, I, I'll, I'll speak a Well, what was It Lasts great. Finals Great.


It lasts great finals 2013, no, 2016 has to be the baseline. Oh, 16 everyth. Everything after that is Warriors. 16 and 13 Warrior Warriors Raptors Bubble Buck. Buck Sons was a great finals. It was just weird because the crowd weren't we still in like half field? Yeah, it was a little like half COVID. That was a gr That's an underrated finals. That was a really good finals. Yeah, that's a good call. All right. So Buck Sons 16 Warriors Calves 13 Spurs Heat, I think is the best finals of It lasts 15 years. Those, those two back to back e they're almost like Rocky one and Rocky two. Like they should all be one movie. But they Miami broke in the second finals though. Yeah. And then yeah, but that's, but that's part of why it's like all one movie, the Vengeance and then 1111 finals.


Mavs versus Heat. Great one. Tremendous. 2010 Lakers Celtics dramatic. But I, the basketball I don't think was that great. Ugly. I'm trying to think what else. Yeah, I think those are probably the best ones of the century. Oh five Piston Spurs. The Game seven was kind of a dud for ugly a game Seven Ugly and ratings were nobody what nobody wanted. You know what was a good one was the 2000 Pacers Laker series. That's a really fun series. If you go back and look through those games, all that, that's a game for them. Competitive. That's, that's a great Kobe game. Game four when Shaq fouls out. All right, quickly, so you had, you were talking about Durant and you said watch out for the Clippers, which I'd kind of heard rumblings of myself and I think Durant's going in the Spurs.


I'm just gonna slap it down a second time. I think that's how it plays out. I would the, for sure the two teams that there's the most buzz about are the Spurs and the wolves. Right? So the wolves gets more complicated because the Wol jus one just breaks my brain. I don't know how it's gonna work. Julius Randall and Nas Reed have to be involved somehow. You could do it sign, but you can go bear one. You can do Go Bear plus Di Vincenzo one. Why did the sons want Gobert? I mean, Booker Gobert is something, something, if you wanna stay competitive 'cause You don't have any control, your draft picks 'cause you've isbi all of them away. You've, would you take Vall 14, Harrison Barnes expiring and a good first Yes.


For Durant. I would, I I I don't even think the, I i I don't know how the biggest mystery in the league right now is how aggressive the Spurs are actually gonna get. And I think that's code for, they're gonna start with no number two, no castle, no cel and negotiate from there. I think that's what I would guess that they're gonna do. Like two and Castle are just out. Should we try to keep Katie's 37 and he to 50 a year and he is got one year left on his deal and he's been in the week for 18 years. There's the subplot I forgot to get into on my podcast. The two year $112 million extension he can sign with. Well a k the Jimmy Butler. Do you do the one extra or the two extra? Do the sons a, is there a team that will trade for him not caring whether he signs it or not?


Not even wanting him to sign it. Maybe B will The sons just, or the Suns, I assume. And I'm, I'm thinking we'll just trade 'em wherever. Like if this seems not on your list, too bad. We're trading you to whoever gives us the best package. There's no list. There's no list anymore. Thank you. I don't, I think after how they handled February, it seems like they're working with Rich Kle and Katie's guy. It seems like they're being cooperative because the way they handled it in February was not the way things usually go in the NBA. What if the Toronto Raptors are just like, you know what, we're gonna try for a Kawaii 2.0 Moonshot, here's the best package you're gonna get. Katie doesn't want to go there. We don't even care if you signed the extension.


You know who I don't wanna deal with is an semi or unhappy Kevin Durant. Yeah. I'm just not messing with that. So, but like what? He should go to the Spurs. That's, that's how it's gonna play out. Is he gonna be happy with the Spurs? Just 'cause he decides he wants to go there? Yes. Here's the case for the Spurs. He went to the University of Texas. He loves Texas. He talks about it all the time. He's always respected the Spurs. He'll be like the respected veteran, the team people in Texas like him, like the only two places he's ever really fit in, in a way where he loved the city was Texas and Seattle. He picked the Nets and he picked, picked the Nets, but they, he picked the team that was like the black sheep of the New York basketball city.


And he picked the sons. Yeah. And he was oh for two in happiness levels. And he was unhappy in Golden State at the end too. But I mean I was, he was unhappy. It lasts year and a half of Golden State. Yeah. So one, I think he would be happy on this Spur. I hope so. I mean I, Kevin Durant is an awesome, awesome basketball player. I love everything. If you're the Spur, then you can keep enough stuff left to also make a Giannis run. You're doing it. And by the way, every whoa whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa. Yeah. Whoa, whoa. What can they, is that even like sure they've given away, they gave some of their picks away, including the Minnesota pick and the Fox deal. They, people forget like Deion Fox is like a for, it's like they've, he's like a, we barely got to see it, right?


So I didn't forget because it's weird 'cause they end up with number two pick and guess what? I'm not sure they would've done the Deer and Fox trade if they knew that had happened. Well I think they 'cause Dylan, Dylan Harper and Darren Fox, even though they're completely different players, neither of them are great shooters. I don't know. It's a weird, it's a little they have to take Harper it sounds like. But it's a little bit of a weird mix. And he throw in Castle too. I don't, I think they're, it would be so fascinating to be in their meetings right now because you know, Fox's late twenties, right? When Baba's super young, the rest of the team is super young. Durant's 37. The, how much of our, how much of our Webe timeline are we actually willing to sacrifice for a guy who's, you know, closer to 40 than he is to 30 And how good in the west are we act, that's what you have to look in the mirror and say, if we have like Fox Durant, WEMA, let's say they even keep the castle castle who's left on our bench, like Sohan is maybe going out in that trade, Barnes going out in that trade.


Is Kel Johnson going out on that trade? Do we, are we actually a championship contender? Is we Bama already that good? Do we know enough about the Fox one Bama fit that in the west and can our number two pick play real minutes for us and help us right away in the west? Are we, are we actually, can we win the three playoff series in the West? Well that's why if you do the Durant thing, you're signing him for what you, you know, it's for at least two years would be my guess. I you, I mean I don't understand the minute. Do you want Durant on a two year $112 million extension takes care of his body? And would you, but would you go to him and be like, hey, no, I would want him, I would want him to take less. Yeah. Like, because there was two options, right?


He could take 1 24 as well as the 1 24 made me blink. That's he's gotta, he's gotta wait I think a certain amount of time to get that. He's gotta wait six months and he could get that one. But you know, I remember hearing stuff like, you know, as he ne as he and his people and the sons sort of negotiate his post Phoenix landing spot, which might be the, this might be It lasts thing like this might be, It lasts chapter of Kevin Durant's basketball for a year comes home to Texas. He should really want to get it right. Would he ever be like, you know, in this second apron era with Team X, you're, you know, you're gonna be Coming up against it. Like I'll do two years 60.


I'll do like, or maybe he just wants the one year because he wants to play in this goofy rival league that I talked about with Chuck Holman the other day. This this F1 International basketball league that is I think a little closer to actually being real than a lot of people have. That's a big one. Have a credit for, it's a big curve ball. I don't think, it's not a real thing. I did the, I like doing the double knots now it's it harder to aggregate me. I mean let's just imagine, oh no, I'm not even gonna do it. I'm not gonna imagine I'm gonna, I'm just gonna block that all the way back before I say it. I'm just saying Durant taking less is a conversation I would want to have with him. Like are you actually willing to do this to help us build out this team?


Not saying you should. I brought this up because I'm saying that I think it's an idea that he's probably thought about himself. Well yeah and also these guys have made staggering amounts of money on the court and off the court. And at some point, this is what Tom Brady did on the Patriots for It lasts 10 years. He was there and he made the money back off the court. You mentioned the Clippers for him and I, that's how this whole thing started. 'cause I'd heard there was a little Clippers buzz. I can't figure out how it works. There'd have to be a third team. That third team would have to be really excited about acquiring James Harden or Norm Powell and Bogdanovich together. I think he goes there to play with Harden Durant.


Okay. I think that's part of why the Clippers have at least, all right, so I'm the son thought about. It's like I'm not, is Zubo in the deal? He's not. Okay. Fuck off. I and I think that's why the, as I said, I think that's why the Clippers will not end up with Kevin Durant. Yeah. So can we just shut that down because Zoo Botts isn't gonna be in the deal. I mean you shut, I'm sure the Clippers would love to have Kevin Durant shut it down if you, are you gonna actually trade something for him? 'cause you're not getting it from Norm Powell and Beto and Kris and no Bogdanovich and a shitty pick. You have fuck up to, you have to really think that the Suns would value the Clipper's unprotected 2030 pick a Clipper's unprotected 2031 swap and a Clipper's unprotected 2032 pick.


Like really just as the thunder have profited by betting against the Clippers long-term future, the Suns think, well those are, she's saying the suns the stupidest team in the 21st century since the mid two thousands Nicks wow with draft picks. Like nobody has been more reckless and stupid with the concept of future picks. Maybe since Ted steeping in the, in the eighties that Bradley Beal trade and all the swaps and shit they did is some of the stupidest shit in the recent history of the league. So you're saying now that they would care about getting swaps with the Clippers? I think that there's no way I don, I don't think the Sun thes are gonna have, I don't think they value draft picks.


The suns are gonna have to look in the mirror and think and like we traded present talent, really good present day talent and really good every pick we had to get Kevin Durant. Now we're trading Kevin Durant and we're not gonna be able to have the buffet of everything that we, that we traded for him. We're gonna have to choose on a sliding scale of salary relief, which is very important to us. Draft picks and win now talent. 'cause Devin Booker is still on our team and we're just not, well that's the other issue. We're not gonna check all those boxes to the degree that we want. No, they basically, they spent $10 million on a house that was worth seven and now they have to sell it for five and that's it.


And it was like, whoa, I should get 10. I paid 10. It's like you're getting five. And look, that's how this is playing out. I'm, I have no idea what's gonna happen with Devin Booker. I really do believe there is that, from what I've heard that Devin Booker really likes the idea of being a one team player like a Kobe for Phoenix. He, he's talked a lot about Kobe Bryant, what he means to him and all that. But if they come out of this trade with something that doesn't excite me for the next two or three years, like a, a player that I could be like, oh this guy's fun to play with and we know the Beal thing is not going anywhere. You know, he won't be on, he's not a long-term part of the Phoenix Suns future. I'm looking around if I'm dead in a booker. Like is there a, is there a plan here of any, like what is happening?


Like, and he's already talked about, you know, we were so close in the finals not that long ago and now what's happened to our team? And if you're Matt Ria, you have to look in the mirror and you wonder, wait that's Isaiah Thomas standing right behind me. It doesn't even work for me. Oh wait, he does. He's my conciliary for some reason. But we're all pretending he's not. Boy, there's some good stories about that one. It's not great in Phoenix. Have you heard the stories about how he FaceTimes in the meetings? No. Yeah. Might have been a coach interview or two or more. One he was on FaceTime in the meeting.


Everybody say Nick Rocks 1, 2 3. Nick Rock, 1, 2 3. Jordan OT Rocks. Jordan OT does rock by the way. He's gonna be a good coach. I I'm putting the odds, I'm putting the odds on Giannis getting traded this summer at minus not, not getting traded at like minus 400. That's, that's a lot. I think he stays, that's a lot. I think he stays in Milwaukee and I think he wants to stay, they definitely want him to stay. I think there's gonna be less action than people think. 'cause then Garland got the toe surgery, so cross him out. I wouldn't have traded Garland anyway. Neither Cleveland. I would, I would if I, you gave me something incredible back for him. So, so Giannis is always, he's also had a couple tweets about getting back to the finals.


I hope we get back to the finals. It lasts couple days right? He the interview where he talked about the bucks getting back to the finals. Yeah, I would still go not minus 400, I would go like minus 200 or something. Okay. Do you see his, I miss woe tweet. I thought that was weird. Yeah, that didn't really, didn't really get Where does he feel like things are being misreported? I mean I, I miss woe but I, I don't know the insinuation from a tweet like that is things are getting misreported, which I actually agree with because he's never said anything other than he is gonna be back in Milwaukee. And even when Shams did that weird media thing on that Monday where it's like he's open to the possibility, it's like did he ask for a trade?


He didn't. So he is open to thinking about the future. Okay, cool. Who doesn't think about the future? It's not a story. I don dunno who it's a story. If he says Giannis went to the Bucks today and said I think I'm ready to be traded. But it by all accounts, he hasn't said that. And by the way, if you're Giannis, I'm watching this Pacers team that is now two wins from the finals and has won 14 playoff games. And I'm like, we were right there with those dudes in round one, right? They lost in five but they lost two of the stupidest games of the playoffs to them. Yeah. The only problem with that is in that game after I'm just after round, I'm saying just Lawrence far away comes round two, round three and round four.


I get it. But I'm saying if I'm Giannis talking myself into Milwaukee, whether it's salvageable, I'd be like well, well Eric, Eric Nim has, has talked about the gap year concept at the Athletic and you know, it's an interesting concept. I just don't know, is it a gap year? Like how do you make it just one year when you have very little draft equity at all? All and not that many you're saying no if dame's out for the year. Yeah like, like but how do you make it just one year? Like how do you say, well by 20 26, 27 we're gonna be ready to, ready to rock again. Like so you don't think Kevin Porter and Giannis can be the new big two and cos co rejuvenated Coose taking the summer seriously didn't Oh, I have a question for you.


Can I ask you a question? Yeah. A 1:00 AM question. Yeah. I didn't listen to the whole pod with Ryan yet. Yeah. But someone told me today that you, you, you were an, I don't know if this is right though, so I'm asking you, you were very confident that Philly is gonna try to trade the number three pick. Is that person summarizing you inaccurately or I I'm confident that they're exploring all options with the pick. Well yeah, sure. Whether they actually find a trade they like. But I think, I think I'm pretty confident that they're, at least I just think that's how Darryl Yeah they has operated his entire career. They should. He's gonna look at every possible option and then if it makes the most sense to do three and Paul George for something or however they wanna do it.


I think there's some really good dudes in this top five though. And the, and the, when they start working out and talking to them, they're gonna, my guess would be they'll fall in love with one of the guys and that'll be that There's a guy I've started to do my work. There's two guys that I think you're really gonna dig this Edgecomb. Yeah, I've, I've watched him. I've watched that. My YouTube, he could've played in the game we watched today and at least just athletically hung in. Yeah. And then this Trey Johnson could be pretty exciting as an offensive. He's six four, they're, they have to decide Maxie McCain. If you're adding a third, like six three to six five guy to that, then what does that mean?


Is McCain your six man? I mean you could look at Indiana, They got son Grimes too. Like Grimes is something right. But yeah, I mean you look at the Indiana model, it's like the more guards the better in my opinion. Just the way basketball is going. So Yeah. But their Indiana's guards are big and tough other than, you know, Halliburton is not, is not like Hall Burton skinny, but like he's still tall. Emhart is tough. Math's tough niece Smith. Did you, have you changed your who, who's in the best situation for the next five years in the East? Answer now that we've gotten further along in the finals? 'cause you did a thing with Woz after I talked to Ryan about it. I didn't even two C and I said Dan, it Cleveland won you and Cleveland won. Ryan had, Cleveland won. I think Woz had Cleveland won. Look, if they win the championship, it's just, you just win.


Like you win all the polls. So yes, if they win, IGI guess I would have to, I guess I would have to. It's two won in the finals. They're a championship caliber team. I thought you made, I thought Ryan made a good case. I think Woz made a good, or you and wa both made the Cleveland case I think is the right answer because it's the only other candidate you have the most options with Moby, Garland and Mitchell. Even if it's not working out with those as your best three and Alan, they still have a lot of different things they could do. That would be why. But if Indiana wins the title, yeah, if you win the title, you just win all the polls for a little while. That's all. And they're, even if they don't win the title, I will. If Oklahoma City wins the next three games, Indiana has proven itself a championship caliber team.


And then you had Boston a year ago, I said Dallas wondering if this would be the first of a couple titles now Jalen Brown shaving his meniscus, Jalen Jason Tatum in day 27 of Achilles rehab Drew Holiday, Ingas trade rumors. I don't know what happened. I mean, do we know what happened with Portus all in a hotel at all in Indiana with you at one in the morning talking about Kevin Durant if he likes Texas or not? What happened to my Celtics life? I mean, do we, we don't even know what happened to Pingus. Like still don't know. Yeah, we'd love an answer on that at some point. Some sort of medical verdicts.


It's, yeah. Did anything happen? The ultimate, the ultimate team. Look, we're getting a little groggy now, but the ultimate team, when you say like, what happened, what happened to us, just like looking around like what, how did we get here? Is Sacramento just looking around like how did we become the, the bulls like the, the mediocre bull. That's who we are now. And like, but with Saboni we, how is this our team? Like Zach Levine makes how much DeMar DeMar de Rosen's like around doing stuff. Malik monk's our point guard about what happened. How about we had Halliburton? Yeah, that's what I'm saying. Like how do we get here? The Beam team was so fun.


God I hated that trade for them. How did, what happened? I think I went, I don I haven't heard the pot it about it, but I think I said I think I went all in on that one that I thought it was a massive mistake by them because you know, when we are, we talk about stuff after thing and I'm like, I think this, I think that. And then occasionally it's like, I feel so strongly about this. I wanna put some Can you put this down in pen? I just couldn't believe they traded him. So let's go back to let's now we're really, And by the way, the s bonus thing, They got good value and it turned out it was a good trade for both sides. I get it. But I just not a win-win. I just never ever would've traded him. Not a win-win. The ultimate one though, you put, and many people put the, their flag down most aggressively on was go bear.


And so it's interesting to think now, like I still have no regrets on that one. I don't think you should. It is undeniable that they have gotten further as a franchise than they have ever gotten before two years in a row. And yet it still feels like how, like they gave up so much to get in. But like, I will say this, the one thing I was definitely wrong about, and I remember saying this as a critique of the trade, was you, that trade when Anthony Edwards is like 24, 25 and he is close to hitting his prime, I think the, the the thing they saw that I guess none of us saw was that he was way closer to being Yeah that was the bet A top seven guy than I think we thought. And these, the really interesting thing about it was part of the reason that a lot of us didn't like that trade at first blush and even at second and third blush was, well it's just you're just inevitably gonna have to trade towns because the salary crunch is just, yeah, you're just not gonna be able to have these guys happen.


And he's the obvious guy. Like you're not obviously not gonna trade ant Oh man, we didn't talk about the, the real topic of the finals, the the Knicks coaching search. Oh my God. The fact that the Nicks are back, back Quinn, Quinn Snyder, this whole thing where you just asked for permission for people who are under contract. I've never heard of this thing. So let's go through it's it's Quinn's, it did everybody but Steve Kerns bolster, Quinn Snyder, Billy Donovan, I doka Chris Finch. I think we're even missing one. Jason Kidd. Jason Kidd. That's the one I was missing at this point. If you're a coach and they haven't, it's like, boy do I, do I suck? Like why are the Knicks calling about me? Yeah, yeah. I hit that point where you start to, you start to wonder, is it you?


I don't know what they do if I were them. I've just hired Taylor Jenkins. I thought he was a really good coach and I, I think you could explain his lack of success in Memphis. I mean he was successful but can you say control Z on the tib thing, it's like, hey, the papers are aren't Dr aren't handed in yet. Hey, you saw the ad in the times that you placed the message a little letter in the times really touching, really, really tugged on my heartstrings. Wait is Taylor Jenkins, what was wrong with him? Nothing. I just think that if you're the New York Knicks and you've made the conference finals, you've fired your coach who's this 67-year-old veteran whatever he is coach with a mandate to win the championship.


I just don't think you're going to the guy who was in the like little small market over here. Like I don't think James Dolan even knows who Taylor Jenkins is. I think Taylor Jenkins is an awesome coach and he would be toward the top of my list, if not at the top of it too. Because even he has the ready made explanation of yeah, things were going really well. And then crazy shit started happening with my star player. Oh, and Brandon Clark was my glue guy and he just kept getting season ending injuries. I can't believe the name that I'm surprised hasn't come up as vocal just because Veteran coach. Yeah. Likable personality New York area ties. And I was talking to some people about that today and the word retread came up like too much of a retread.


I'm like, well, okay. I I think that's a little unfair to him. 'cause like Phoenix is just, I just think everyone gets a pass for getting fired in Phoenix. Yeah, it's almost like a badge of honor. It's like the zookeeper in a zoo where the, where the bear, where the bears attacked a lion and it's like, well this is the zookeeper's spot. Well and also they at least like made the playoffs and the Lakers, he wins a championship, gets fired at amid the rust disaster. And like, you know, you know, I think vocals a good coach. Yeah. I mean like, I just, I'm surprised that name hasn't come up. A lot of the dots make sense of just like veteran coach. How funny is it gonna be when they hire Mike Woodson? I can't, you can't, you could not that funny to Knick's fans.


I don't know. Would you bet your life that they wouldn't hire Mike Woodson? I wouldn't bet my life on anything Nick's related. They just called six coaches in 24 hours just for fun. Hey Atlanta, hey Atlanta. No, they were so confident also, like whoever gets the job has to keep the best player's dad on the team as an assistant coach. Not exactly like enticing. So I get to coach in the New York fishbowl, I'm expected to win a title. There's a weird coaching staff situation that by the way, a lot of people are talking about underneath in the undergrounds. It's not great. Would you, here's the question. If you were Leon Rose or whoever's making the calls, let's just say Leon Rose. Yeah.


Would you even have the guts, the gall, the audacity to call Pat Riley would just to do it. Like, Hey, we gotta check the SPO box. Like we gotta see like don't we have to see given Leigh's history with, I thought would you even do it just to, just to do it? I housed throughout spo initially when this all started. I know you, you screenshotted his text. I thought he seemed miserable last season. That was the only, only thing about it that made me pause for a second. See, I, I just, I I disagree with you on, on one level when they were losing, what, what did they have? Like an eight or nine game losing streak at some point when it was all coming apart for them.


And he in one of the press conferences said, you know, like, actually I just, I love this. Like I love that we have to get together as a group and dig out of this. He's not, that's not like supposed be, he really loves like, well not only did they not dig out solve this problem, not only did they not dig out, they had like an embarrassing exit. Yeah. It wasn't great. The Cavs just traipsing all over Miami and Max Stru and so if I was Miami, I would all time blow it up. I would trade bam. I wouldn't do the hero extension. I would trade spo to the Knicks. I would just completely blow it up. SPOs getting exposed, getting, yeah, I just, I I completely blow it up.


It seems like they're gonna go the other way and like they're kicking the tires on Durant too. I was just imagining the most preposterous phone call possible is Leon Rose calling Pat Riley about Eric's sra. That's the most preposterous thing. I'm really rooting for that to come out. Well with the, considering they've called everybody else. Like would you be shocked? I would be a little shocked. We have to go. 'cause now my head's starting to hurt. Yeah. So we're gonna come back on Friday night on your podcast. Yeah. The Zach Lowe show. We're not gonna be live, but we're gonna come after game four. We're gonna do the exact same setup. Hopefully we figure out, we'll learn from the kinks.


We only had one stop and start this time around. But we were gonna do that. And it'll be up on your YouTube channel as well. This will be on my YouTube channel. This will be a video podcast on Spotify as well. Hopefully, hopefully that everything works. Yeah, hopefully everything worked. Thanks to Gaja and Eduardo as well for, for producing for us. And thanks to Zach Lowe, I'll see you. I'll see you in Indie tomorrow. But yeah, we're here. Game four real stakes. Love a great game. Four, would we say magical or or calamity or magical Was here. Calamity. Calamity or magical? Gotta work on that. That's every Pacer's game is Cal. Like they've had five calamity or magical games in one playoff run. Was game one against the Nixon calamity or magical?


Magical. I'm going magical across the board. What a great place this is. All right, I'll see you. I'll see you tomorrow in Indiana. Boom. Must be 21 plus in President select states for Kansas and affiliation with Kansas Star Casino or 18 plus in President dc. Gambling problem, call 100 GAMBLER. Visit rg help.com. Call 1 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org/chat in Connecticut. Or visit md gambling help.org in Maryland.


Hope is here. Visit gambling help line ma.org or call 803 2 7 50 50 for twenty four seven. Support Massachusetts. Or call 1 8 7 7 8 Hope ny or text Hope NY in New York.


This episode is brought to you by Michelob ULTRA, the official beer partner of the NBA. What do I love about the NBA championship? Well, first of all, I love when the Celtics went, but that's not happening this year. But you know what? I really love the drama, the pressure. Everything goes to the highest level. Guys are injured, guys are banged up. Guys are hungry. It just brings out the best of everything. And MLO Cher is helping you celebrate like a champion with a chance to win your own limited edition championship bottle. Just like those gifted to the NBA players during the championship parade. Enter now at Michelob ULTRA dot com slash courtside slash champs bottles. Michelob Belcher courtside, Victor Solomon Champs bottle sweepstakes, no purchase necessary open to US residence 21 plus ends June 22nd, 2025. See official rules@michelobbelcher.com slash rules for free entry prizes and details. Message and data rates may apply void. Where prohibited.


This episode is brought to by LinkedIn. During the season, every baseball team plays 162 games. It's a a true test of endurance. It's not enough to have a hot month or two. You need sustained dominance throughout. While the same is true for your small business, it's not enough to have a great Q2 or even a great year. You want year over year growth that starts with better hires that'll be there for the long haul. Define those hires. Use LinkedIn. LinkedIn has strong hiring data and insights that you won't find anywhere else to help pair you with the best candidates from unique skills and interests to the connections you have in common. Based on LinkedIn data, 72% of small businesses say that LinkedIn helps them find high quality talent. LinkedIn also lets you go beyond people who are actively applying in a given week. 171 million LinkedIn members aren't actively seeking jobs, but they are open to new opportunities. That's a big pool to miss out on. If you're not hiring with LinkedIn, find your next great hire on LinkedIn. Post your job for free at LinkedIn dot com slash simmons. That's LinkedIn dot com slash Simmons to post your job for free terms and conditions. Apply.