
This episode is brought to you by Michelob ULTRA. Cracking open a cold one on a hot summer day is one of the best feelings, but it's even better when it feels like you earned it. Like in a friendly little competition. It's always better and there's something worth playing For Michelob ULTRA, a superior light beer is a pretty great prize. Hmm. I would, I mean, I would be all tennis for Michelob ULTRA because that's what I do all summer because tennis is an actual sport unlike pickleball. So tennis, doubles, singles, whatever. Let's play for an ultra. Fill your fridge with M Michelob ULTRA this summer@doordash.com. Enjoy responsibly copyright 2025 Anheuser-Busch McClow, Cher Light Beer, St. Louis, Missouri.


The Bill Simmons Podcast is brought to you by State Farm. We're also brought to you by The Ringer Podcast Network where I have a new re watchable coming for on Monday night. It is. It lasts installment of New York City month five movies 'cause we had five Mondays in June, so this will be the fifth one we did Working Girl. We did Diehard With a Vengeance. We did Marathon Man, we did Alfred Justice with Steven Segal. This is gonna be After Hours. It is a cult classic directed by Martin Scorsese. It's me and Sean Fantasy. And we dove into not only all the reasons why this is a great New York movie, but why this is such an important Scorsese catalog movie and such an important time of his career. So you can watch that on Monday night as a video podcast or on The Ringer Movies YouTube channel. By the way, you can watch all the stuff on this podcast on the Bill Simmons YouTube channel. We have an Instagram and a TikTok as well. And and we're gonna talk to Ryen Russillo in one second because basketball threatening to heat up. I can't say it's red hot right now. It's pretty lukewarm, but there's been a lot of fascinating subplots and things to look for as we head into July. So Illa Coming up next. We're gonna take a break. Get into Pearl Jam and then Illa.


This episode is presented by State Farm. It's no secret that great teams need great teammates. I've been saying this for years. And when it comes to Insurance State Farm is there to help you find the right coverage for your home car and more. Whether you need an in-person or a digital assist, they're ready when life hits you with a full court press, get a game plan that helps fit your life. Talk to State Farm today. State Farm with the Assist coverage options are selected by the customer. Availability and eligibility vary by state.


All right, 5:30 PM Pacific time on a Sunday night. You know, in years past and we've been doing this since I think 2018 range and there was always something, either a massive event illa or like something we didn't expect right around like in that 36 hour stretch before July 1st. I don't think the Jabari Smith extension has really qualified for me. I don't know if you feel differently, it's just nothing's really happening yet. And yet there are all these moving pieces right now and I was just gonna throw a bunch of stuff that I'm fascinated by so far since the finals have ended. And I'll start here. Okay. I really like everything Houston's doing.


It's getting a 10 out of a 10 approval rating from me from the Durant trade, which we've already talked about. They signed Jabari Smith today to a five year, 122 million extension. They renegotiated with Van Wheat. Got him at 25 years, 25 million for two years each year. And I just like the roster they put together. It makes sense to me. I'm not sure they need to do anything else. And I think they're a real threat in the West now and they have stability and assets. I think they have flexibility to do more stuff in December, January, February if they need to. And I think they're in the mix. I really do. What, what is your take on the Rockets? Love what they've done.


I think we've kind of touched on just a bunch of the things, even going back to like last year where, you know, they were one of the rare teams that spends a top pick on Jalen Green and then just doesn't give 'em the full max. 'cause he scored a million points. You know, they structured that deal in a way where it was like, we like you, but we're still not sure. And so I think that showed you the rare I, I want to get into some of these other deals where it feels like the overriding sentiment, It lasts couple days, has just been teams doing players favors, but they've been really just smart and calculated about it all. Like when the van t signing happened, you looked at the total numbers, you're like, well that's nuts. And it's like, well what are they gonna do with that player option? Well, or excuse me, the team option.


Yeah. So they declined the team option 'cause it didn't really make a ton of sense that Van t was gonna make 45 million for one year. They do the new deal two years 25 million. So that's a win for them. Probably more stability. Well it's also kind of a win for him too, right? Yeah. 'cause they were gonna decline the option and now he's out in the open market and not looking at 45 million anyway, 25 million would've been the range. Yeah. And even then it was gonna be tough to find a landing spot as everybody like sits here. Every article you read, it's like, other than Brooklyn, other than Brooklyn, other than Brooklyn, you know, so some of these numbers, but even the Jabari deal, it's five for 1 22. But seriously, like he's probably kind of like in a make or break season, but 20 plus million a year for him at this age knowing that if it doesn't work out you can trade him.


And then I was looking at, this is where it can get a little confusing on like if they do this or they do that and you know, they had to get cute with, with some of the restructuring of how they were working their books. But I think they can still use a full non taxpayer mid-level if they want to get greedy. They kept for 14.1, right? Yeah. Yeah. So they've positioned themselves really well. They'll probably do the Durant extension I'd imagine, which is always gonna be a little scary. But hell I, I was even like thinking man, if I'm another team and Jayson Tate is available, I loved him when he got minutes and then they find a way to keep him. So I'm incredibly impressed. So I, I don't even know other than what Stephen Adams three years, 39 million, is there anything to really go like, whoa.


I mean you Know Steven Yeah it was like if it had been three years 30, I would've been like nice deal 39 was like ah, a wee bit rich. But you know, we're splitting hairs. They're number four on the on findel champion odds right now in nine to one K C's the favorite Cleveland is six to one, Nicks are nine to one and the rockets are nine to one. And I think that's, I think that's fair. I Minnesota is 14 to one, which I thought Minnesota and Houston would have similar odds, but the better is like Houston a little more than Minnesota. I mean, and that's the second story that we have to hit that ties into Houston and also ties into the big picture of all of this. They keep NAS Reed, which I thought was impossible in February and I didn't realize what was gonna happen with the market.


They kept NAS Reed that contract next year starts at $21 million. He's a $30 million player. Like in, in normal times, like basically what this new CBA has done is like when you buy a car, there's like this new car tax that you're basically paying for. The moment you take the car off the lot, the, the number of that car decreases by 25%. Right? You're just basically paying 'cause you want a new car. And NBA free agency has had this forever where it's like, well Nas Reed's not worth 160 million for five years. He's worth probably one 20. But Now you gotta pay the extra 40 million to get NAS Reed. It feels like this new CEBA has eliminated the new car tax and Randall is a hundred million for three years.


It's not 125 for three years. It lasts deal that we have that I think teams are a team would regret is that Brandon Ingram deal where Toronto trades for him and then gives him, what was it, one 20 for three years. It's just outta whack. He's not, I don't think he, I think he should be in that Randall range of three for a hundred. So we've seen a resetting and we've seen the smarter teams kind of lock down these contracts and I think it's gonna be a free for all with these free agents where that we're just a bunch of guys who were like, wait, I thought I was worth this and say Now you actually aren't. You're actually, the numbers have moved down here and that's just the reality of it. Yeah. Minnesota's a big part of this because you had to figure with the cat trade because how big those numbers get at the back end.


And then Rudy did an extension which was less annually than what he was building towards. It's like okay they're, they're probably trying to figure out a way to like lock in this number that doesn't prevent, you know, total flexibility here. But, But did, but did you think they would be able to keep Randall and Nas 'cause that would've thought that would've be impossible in February? Well I mean who's gonna pay NAS more than 25, 30 million a year? Nobody. Nobody has the space. Yeah, that's the thing. Like you, I just, maybe I didn't look at it hard enough four months ago, but I just assumed they would be the way the league works where it's like somebody creates space or there's a sign and trade or there's some suitor.


It's like whoa, Indiana's getting Nas Reed. How did that happen? It seems like that era is over, nobody can do it. Well I don't know that we're gonna have a year where there's one team with major cap space and then nobody else does. But I Right. I think there was also teams that were like, you know, where do I park my shit? Where do, where do I park it? Oh there's, there's nowhere to park it. I mean think about like Brooklyn, they have their five picks. It's like what are you gonna do? Offer 'em another first to take on a contract. Sean Marks is like, Hey boys, you know, open up the notebooks. We got six, See ball handling guard, we'll take Them. Right? And even then they took on Terrence Mans deal.


So there it, it's just such a rarity that you really didn't have anybody, especially with the way the Detroit stuff worked out. Like at one point you thought could Detroit get a $25 million player in there where their cap spaceman then Cade gets the bump. So then that kind of eliminates that. So Nas, when I had heard the first like offering like four years for a hundred, I just assume whatever number I hear you like tack on a little bit more to it. So when it came out I wasn't entirely shocked. The Randall one, like I was really looking at it this morning. So he goes three years for a hundred s out of the player option 35.8. Alright. Now too often I will look at a deal and go, I'd hate to be in the Randall business for a hundred million dollars or I'd hate to be like there's too often I say it with too many players where it's like, hey dude, like I have to to check myself and go well at some point you have to sign somebody and you can't just let assets just walk for absolutely nothing.


Yeah It's a top 60 guy. Yeah. You just gotta blink and suck it up. Yeah. Right. And so if you think of Randall's, because I think there was still a little sticker shock and, and that's probably just the recency buys of It lasts series and you could say well hey he was really good in the first two rounds. Well was that potentially the matchups that he was going up against? I don Dunno. I mean all that stuff I think is totally fair. But I went back to 2021 where Randall signed a four year deal with the Knicks for 117 million. So it is four years 117 million and that's when the salary cap is at 112 million. Well now the salary caps north of 150 million and you're getting Randall for like, you know, depending on how they stagger with 8% raises over the years, it's kind of the same contract.


And this is somebody four years ago you were wondering before he was actually, excuse me, you were thinking back to last August if he was gonna do a four year, like $184 million extension. Like that was one of the things that was on the table. Like what if he puts up this huge, granted I don't know what Brunson he was gonna get the same number of touches but you know, three years for a hundred million even though I don't love the guy that kind of puts him in the 70th highest paid player range. That's kind of what it costs. This is what's changed though, where it's become a little more like movies, the star stars are gonna get even more money. Like Booker's gonna get 75 million a year for two years or three years, whatever that extension is, that's where Whatever Luca wants to wait for too, Luca, SGA Tatum already signed the the, especially if you have some sort of MBA you're looking at 65 million and up.


But then there's that class right below and we're seeing like some of those Toronto contracts that none of neither you or I really liked. And you go back and look at some of those deals now, like what quickly signed for what Ingram signed for. And I just don't think, I think those guys would be 20 to $25 million guys and whatever this new version of the market is because quickly Got five years 1 62 fully guaranteed, Which was my thing with Nas Reed. It's like if, if that's quick's price, how is NAS Reed not a $30 million a year guy? But apparently those days are, those days are over. But I looked up some of this other stuff too, like Nick Claxton was four years 97 million. So like you get sticker shock over Randall and it's like well there's way more to Randall than what Nick Claxton is at this point.


Right. To buy us Harris. Granted it was shorter years but it was two years, 52 million. 'cause Detroit was like, well we've had him in here before, make some shots. John Collins. I mean this deal was in 21, that Was one of my favorites. Five years. 125 million fully guaranteed. Oh He's making 26 this year. Well that's why re Reeves turned down. What did Reeves turned down for? For 97? 'cause he's gonna, he's one of those guys that actually can get to the 5 1 50. I think Everybody knew that was getting turned down. Yeah, even the Lakers were like, we knew he was going to turn it down but we just wanted to make them know Yeah. That we were interested. But that was like a done deal 'cause it doesn't make any sense for him to do it knowing what's coming, what he's potentially eligible for.


But yeah, I mean when Collins picked up his player option for 26 and a half million, do you know how old Collins is by the way? Off the top of your head? Isn't he still in his twenties? He's 28. Yeah, He's just, he came in the league pretty early. Yeah 'cause if you look at the, the, the big free agents that are left because everybody basically got locked down and then Harden looked like he did a deal. So Kyrie's three for one 19 hardens two for 81. So for that caliber it seems like 40 million a year. Randall it seems a little light but it also seems like he wanted to lock down a little long-term security. So that Randall range is like 33 to 35 million a year.


And then that NAS read range five for 1 25. That's about 25 a year. And that seems like that's where, that's the hierarchy now. So if you have a guy who's not one of the best three players in your team, but it's super valuable like Nas Reed, it's in the 20 to 25 range. Jabari Smith, right? That's another one. I don know if this is gonna lap by the way the cap keeps going up 10% every year. So it, it might, as we keep going, there's more teams with cap space next year there's gonna be a bunch of them. Maybe this will flip. But this was the reality of this year. Davion Mitchell two for 24, which just seems like a normal free agent contract any other year. But that's probably the price now for a roll guy. 10 million, 12 million, maybe shorter money.


So when I look at Finny Smith opting out with the Lakers, which I thought was interesting today and really speaks to the how weird the Laker situation is right now, but I don't know, is he getting more than that? Probably not. Maybe he'll get more years. But he is looking at that 14.1 million free agent exception, which half the teams in the league have. And maybe you can add three years to that. It's three for 50, something like that. But in the old days he might've gotten like four for 75. Like like some really dopey max stru. Remember that contract? I think those contracts are done Max truce four for 64. That's not happening anymore.


It may happen in the way that a team is not worried about the apron, they're not worried about the tax and they go to, we don't wanna lose the asset for nothing. I mean I think you're still going to see some of that stuff happen because I think there's another part of this this summer. No, no, no, no. I'm talking like down the Road. Yeah, yeah. I I just think it's very rare that you have like there was two forces fighting each other. One was one team with cap space that doesn't wanna do anything with it. And then also not a ton of available free reagents. Yeah. So I think that there are teams that probably could have held a much harder line if they wanted to be like way harder on Teams' happening right now. Okay. But think about the Harden deal. Like Harden has a player option at 36.5 million.


He signs for two for 81.5 million. So he gets a raise of like maybe a couple million for one year. I mean you could envision a scenario where the clippers go, Hey, if you opt out you really want to go to free agency. Like, whoa, who's, who's signing you? So why don't you just pick up the player option? And like granted all this stuff has worked out ahead of time and I'm sure they're very happy with how productive he was. He was all NBA in a way that you didn't really expect. Like are they, this isn't about the playoff part of it. Are they Happy? Well they gave me one and a half million so they must feel pretty good about it. If we were at dinner with the Clippers people before they agreed to that contract and wine was going around and it's like 10 30 at night at the table, do you think somebody would've been basically just like, I just gotta say this game seven, are we sure we want two more years of this?


Like there's no way they didn't have that conversation in the room at some point over, It lasts four weeks. Like are we sure we, we wanna do this? Why do with again, should we just talk about game seven again? Because I think it's so hard to find guys in the top 50 that you just gotta suck it up and you start going glass half full instead of glass half empty. But there had to have been a moment in, It lasts four weeks. Like Ty Lt, there's no way he didn't crunch that game. Seven tape one more time and just like, my God, he won't fucking look at the rim. Like we're gonna do this for two more years. He won't fucking look at the rim. But they did it because they're, these teams are so scared about not having an asset. They'd rather have the asset they're not happy with.


Like, all right, we'll just get 'em and figure it out. But I don't know, they sent him in the open market. What was he gonna do? Where was he going? That's My point is, is there were multiple examples these last couple days where a team could have been like, all right, you wanna opt out like you wanna raise from us and you wanna throw in another player controlled second year. 'cause the 81 and a half the first year is fully guaranteed. The second year is partially guaranteed, but it is a player option. So we can be right back to this. So this, but he was never opting out. Worst case scenario, he's opting in and grabbing that. Yeah. Making sure he gets that one thing. So that, that was always how this was gonna play out. And the same thing for Randall. I think Randall was ultimately he had to opt in and that's, that's the leverage that team said.


Now whether this will be the case in three years from now when the cap is way higher, right? And everybody has recalibrated their books to some degree. I don't know, but I, I think this is the, this is the weirdest summer since 2016 for just looking at either in 2016 was the opposite. People had so much cap space, they were like fucking at crap at three in the morning. Just Evan Turner, Lou Alang, like that could be like a documentary. Think about that summer. All those guys made more money than most of the phrases are gonna make this summer. Yeah. Right. And then the players didn't understand for the most part what was going on. And then once they realized, they were like, hey, so we were told not softening the cap would be good for us.


And you know, the way that story goes, sorry, the people were trying to explain it to players' leadership and players, you know, association was like absolutely not. And you know, I can understand it too. It's like what does that mean? Like no, we want all of our money and the money that we're just like the way it works is this is how it goes and then all of a sudden everybody's just flushed with cash. And you're right, like the Evan Turner contract when that one happened, I just remember thinking like, well that's wrong. There's, there's just no way. Evan Turner got se, what was it, 70 million bucks or something. I don't even think that was the one I was the most upset about or must done about. I think the Noah one was the most shocking one to me. 'cause there were real signs that he might be headed toward the downside.


It was like nobody had watched, watched the, the previous season. Speaking of cap space, this is another story of Maya and Illa and this has multiple tentacles to it. Detroit now is gonna have cap space looks like because everyone thought they were gonna resign Malik Beasley. And apparently they had, it was reported that they were thinking about three years 42 for them, for him. And that was gonna take them out of free agent cap stuff, right? They're probably gonna let Schroder go. Tim Hardaway Jr. Who knows? But Beasley. So Beasley was gonna be their free agent. Then we get, we wake up this morning and he's in a gambling being investigated. Detroit is backed off of the thing.


He's now in some sort of, God only knows what's gonna happen with that. We could talk about that piece later. But now Detroit is gonna have like 17 million and then if they can trade some contracts or you know, get somebody to take somebody out, they could probably get to 20, maybe even 25 if somebody took font nicko and all of a sudden they're probably the biggest suitor out of all these dudes. I don't know if there's anybody left, but that could be a Finn Smith spot. I don't know. I, I think we've talked about in the past, like the east, who knows Indie Boston, you know, you could, Detroit could have a chance to be like a two or three seed. This is a really big decision for them who they're gonna add.


And there's a lot of guys that I like too. So what do they do? Well, I mean how, how many guys do you, like how many guys do you like that are playing in their playoff rotation that are worth a multi-year investment knowing that there's other players they're gonna have to pay soon? Alright, I'll give you some. I do like Alexander Walker a lot. I don't know if he's a top three guy but I, we watched him play in a playoff series. I liked how he played. I still like Ty Jerome, I'm not gonna get thrown off by that weird Indiana series. I watched too many games during the season when he was just in incred and I know you're an even bigger fan. He was just too impactful off the bench too many times. Finney Smith, elli, then it, then it starts getting those, those are probably the top four for me.


That's Why I was surprised that you said you liked that many people. There was, those are probably Good ones though. There's probably a conversation about Jerome allowing Cade to be off the ball a little bit instead of just having him run high pick and roll like, you know, 90% of the game and providing spacing. 'cause Cade clearly, I think this one year proved like he would give this guy a little bit of spacing, which you could potentially lose the Beasley thing 'cause you know, Beasley's another guy even prior to all this news, like, I don't know, I don't really wanna pay you $14 million a year. And he may have just because he shot it so well this season. So who knows? I mean, teams are always desperate for sure. I think I would've done that. Not knowing you would've done it. Yeah, I think I thought he was really good last year.


I know the playoffs, he was a little up and down, but I, I really liked how he played last year. I thought he was important to them. I thought he was feisty the rea Ty Jerome in Detroit. I, I like the feisty factor. I could see him holding back Ron Holland. I could see him convincing beef stew not to charge back at the other team. Subtle but maybe also trying to agitate things too. I could see him in that. I could See, I could see Stu being like, well now the ties here, we have two dogs. But Jerome can initiate the offense he can play off of guys. Cade could play off of him a little bit. Yeah. And I, I do think they tried to find ways to have Shroder initiate some stuff to give Cade a break from just being the same every single time makes, but it's very, it's very clear that you need to have spacing around him.


So I think that's more important than them having another big guy. Even if you felt at times, you know, it's asking a lot of dur to just hold up the entire time against some of the bigger teams if they're gonna go a little bit deeper. So yeah, I just don't think it's really that long of a list of $14.1 million guys for the non taxpayer mid-level, Would you rather have tied Jerome or Malik Beasley? No gambling scandal next year if you're the Pistons, I'm not saying this because of what happened today. I don't really trust Beasley. I think he's the guy that hit shots and then It lasts two minutes of the game. I don't expect him to go in. It Would've been funnier if he said I trusted him before today.


Now I don't trust him as much. Well I went on an amazing rabbit hole with him. I was, I was was all the way into the 2020 3 24 season game logs I was looking at. That's the one That's being investigated. I I actually think it's awful. Yeah. That that's reported. Look, I Mean this is not a rant about the innocent until proven guilty or the guilty until proven innocent way that it seems to work now where people can just be charged with stuff and then it's just like your entire reputation is tarnished it. I just think there's a lot of dudes out there that see a bad play and then they post it and everybody's so excited to be like, yep, look at that. He didn't get back on on defense. All The stuff that happened after that. Yeah, that was rough. Oh that was rough.


Oh wait, so I thought that's what you said you were watching? No, I was watching the, I was just, I wasn't watching, I was looking at the game logs and trying to figure out, 'cause they, it was reported on ESPN that they were studying January, 2024. And I'm like, huh, What? Let's lock in here. Went, Went through and who knows? But it sucks because first of all, shitty story, I feel bad for him 'cause he played really well last year and you know, it, it doesn't seem great when the feds get involved. Not awesome. So we'll see what happens with that. But they're gonna have cap space to do whatever.


Yeah. And it might, you know, sometimes teams go, let's use it now no matter what. Like just make sure we use it before we lose this. And then we'll worry about the asset management part of this a little bit later. But you know, the length of the commitment to the guys that are left over, like there's only a couple names that I'd feel really comfortable about going like a bunch of years with Alexander Walker. I like him, but he is a bench player on a good team. I mean he could, he could close with you maybe if he gets hot, you know, it's not the worst thing. But you know, with the way Detroit is trending right now and hoping between us Sar, Cade Ivy coming back healthy Duren Harris, when you're paying him north of 20 million a year, still trying to figure out what you have with Holland Minga.


It's No, I I'd rather pay Alexander Walker than Minga. So you, you agree with me that Ty Jerome would be the move. It makes the most sense. I can, I can already see It. I really like it. Now we also could be like overrating him a little bit, but he was so like, he was so impactful in so many different games and I'm sure like, you know, best case scenario it's like does it become a, a Ty Jerome Thompson debate of what they were doing even against the Knicks. It's like, well what do we wanna do? Do we wanna close with defense or do we wanna close with with shooting? Yeah. Because to this point a SARS just not somebody anybody's gonna close out on, nevermind like a playoff game even in the regular season.


So at least Jerome I think brings that respect and probably clean, clear up some of the stuff for Cade and what he wants to do driving The free agent, 14.1 million free agent spot teams. I think I have this right. Indiana, Indiana, Atlanta, Philly, Milwaukee, Washington, Charlotte, Chicago, Sacramento, new Orleans, Utah, OKC, Houston, Portland, San Antonio and Golden State of Minga goes, it's more than half the league. And then you have Brooklyn and Memphis have that 8.8 a couple other teams too. I don't know how many people get the 14.1. What would you do over under un FanDuel? How many guys get the 14.1?


Would you say more than five from the list you've seen? I mean it's, I can give you the list too. No, It does feel like it's a low number but you know, it's how many teams think that they're in it Are teams in the west going like, Hey let's go to ownership and be like, Hey, what do you think we're gonna do? We're gonna win 48 games and be like, okay now let's use our 14.1 million tax. So Houston was the one like, I don't even know if they need Finney Smith, But Houston Is the one where it feels like made me think about it, Right? Like let's go for it here. Right? It's like if you have Finney Smith with Tar with man and it's like just, I don't know that that did that was floating around a little bit today and I was like, oh man, I don't even know if they need him.


But that, if that, if they're going for it this year for the people listening, the Ufas, Finny Smith, miles Turner technically right now, but everyone thinks he's going back to Indiana. Ty Jerome, Alexander Walker, Capella, Bruce Brown, now underrated. I don't know if you wanna join me. I'm buying some. Bruce Brown is now underrated. Stock Postic. Okay, Yaba can I interest you in a, in a at 14 million? Can I pour a glass of Yaba? Maybe 8.8. Yeah. Yeah of course. I mean to me like anything under 10 is like, and you can play, you can be a rotation guy.


Luke Kenard. Yeah. Where's the range for him there? 8.8. See any, The thing is, is like if you go, hey we'll give you four for 40 and then every agent is gonna say we can get 14. And then with as many teams as you just listed, like good luck being the GM that's gonna call the bluff on a guy that you actually want. So you're probably just gonna pay him the 14. I think I've said this to you, but my dream Luke NAR team is Denver. Putting him with Yoic I think would be really fun. Schroder who I think is probably not a 14 guy but might be an 8.8 man this one hurts. I Luke Cornett, I think teams like him. Like I don't think this is gonna go well for the Celtics.


I thought there was gonna be a way that they were gonna bring back Luke Cornett and Horford and I don't see it. So far everything is working out for him so I I'm not gonna rule out anything. What do you mean? I still, I still can't believe that they were able to dump Drew's contract and get back Anthony Simons and I still can't believe that it's another fan base that holds out hope that Pingus is gonna be healthy. I said it was a borderline miracle on my Thursday pod that they shed, you haven't talked about $28 million with those two guys. It was incredible how it turned out. I was getting texts like, yo, what's up with Brad? Is he like a fucking wizard? Like what? What's up? How did he do this? I still like kp but I, you know why to cut 22 million I thought was was a miracle.


Can you expand on why you, you like Pingus? I think for what Atlanta gave up, like whatever, it's one year, it's a one year flyer in him. When he played last year, he was really, really good. I have no idea what happened to him in the playoffs. Nobody's been able to answer it. Nobody has. And we've all agreed never to talk about it again. For some reason the guy was unplayable and looked like he had like a, like a virus. I don't understand what happened. And now he's fine. He's playing for the Lian team. It's really weird When he's healthy, he's good. And the idea of what he can be is a rim protecting stretch five is still really valuable. But even when the Celtics had made that deal, even though I liked him a lot, I was like, so you had a tack on like two more years at 30 plus million for this guy.


And then I still feel like Celtics fans revisit 24 being like, you know, he was huge. It's, it's kind of, it's kind of like the guy that's getting laid off and you're, you're saying it like the lunch where people are getting cake or whatever and it's like, although there's usually not a lot of cake, That's where, that's where Ziga was for you. Is the guy getting laid off at lunch? Yeah, But people would just like pat him on the back and be like, you know, this department just, none of this would've happened without you. When the reality, reality is if he was that valuable then he probably would've still been there. And it felt like that's what people were saying about Pingus in the 24 title run. It was like, well those that Dallas, that one Dallas game, it's like, do you, do you really think He was a great turn this season though?


Come on. He was great During the season but I, he Got hurt. He got hurt. Like everybody was worried that he would get hurt and he got hurt All the time. He got hurt again. Right? And so the way I've seen the Atlanta part of the acquisition is like, oh my, you know, like I'm like sure maybe and at least for them it's only one year and then Celtics had to make that extra investment but it becomes one of those transactions that's gonna be remembered as a win because they won a title when they didn't need him for the title run 24 whatsoever. And not having him again this year and having this version, I understood why Missoula tried to play him. It was clearly he was just trying to get something out of him. But I actually feel like that transaction was a loss.


But no one will ever remember it that way because they won a title. I think it's a win because they won a title last year sucked. And then they were able to get outta the contract. So I think ultimately the fact that they were able to escape but they escaped because it's weird. I, I don't, I didn't do a good job at talking about this the other day. I still don't know what Brooklyn was doing getting the 22nd pick and Terrence Mann who makes a real real amount of money, like 15 million. We just were, I was going through those ufas with you. Terrence Mann was a free agent. I don't think he's getting 15 million. Right? Like say the other guys I was gonna mention was Schroder, Cornett, Kevon, Looney, Beto, Porter, Gary, Trent, Tim Hardaway, Brogden, Chris, Paul Levert, Horford Duncan, Robinson.


Now you go on and on. But Terence man for 15 million is not exactly a bargain. And I wasn't that excited about the 22nd pick in the draft. So I don't really know what Brooklyn was doing with that. Did you understand that? It's a weird one when they already had, when they already had all those picks. Yeah. To take on the money. I mean it's Four fucking first rounders already. Yeah. And especially the way people felt about this draft. I guess there's all sorts of like man banovich net stuff that I don't understand like collectively about the whole transaction. It's like okay so you didn't wanna lose Banovich, you were sick of him. Granted he just sucked this past season that he was with Atlanta. Yeah.


And so it's like, all right, let's get this guy outta here. So they trade him at the deadline and don't forget Bones hy in that transaction and then they take on Mann's contract and then it's like now we have to dump it. And granted, you know, leadership had changed and everything so it, it was just a weird series of transactions. Like why did you trade for him? Yeah, five months ago. Atlanta basically trades Niang Terrance Mann and the 22nd pick to take a real flyer on Pingus with some flexibility to do some other stuff. I still kind of like it.


This episode is brought to you, you by Vrbo, private Vacation Rentals, Vrbo. You can save over $200 on select homes when you stay for a week or more. Say if you wanted to go catch a couple baseball games in Boston, take some time off work flying to Beantown, watch the Sox play after that. You can do anything. You can go book a Vrbo in Cape Cod for a week. The world is your oyster or your lobster roll or clam trotter really It has shells, gills, and it's indigenous to the Atlantic. It's your edible metaphor of choice. They're crustacean crazy around there. Guess what? Since you stayed longer than a week, you saved over $200. You know what that means? More shellfish. I love shellfish. Hope you're not allergic. Next vacation. Stay longer and save. Make it a Vrbo.


By the way, this special portion of The Bill Simmons Podcast brought to you by Loom, by Atlassian, when you're feeling stuck at work, they can help you trade out lengthy emails and unproductive meanings. First something better looms video messaging With it you can record your screen, you and your voice to share messages easily. You can do this with Chris Long, just send him a couple so you can save time and still stay connected. Share a quick update, provide feedback, train a colleague and everything in between. Try Loom today at Loom dot com. That is Loom dot com.


So we're talking about those. There's six RFAs and it seems like Grimes is going back to the Sixers for in that 14 to 60 million range. Yeah, It seems like a pretty big number. I was surprised he had like one big month for them. We've got to watch him for It lasts four or five years and it just seemed a little aggressive. Didn't you think? I I thought it would've been like around 10 unless they thought he, there was some team that was just gonna sign him if they didn't give the money. Yeah, I think sometimes too, it's like anybody, like you're only making so much. They go well he, you know he's gonna make that much after the fact. And I've always kind of liked him a little bit, even going back to those next years.


Yeah. And then it was something else to get on Dallas's case about by getting rid of him and then bringing in the K Martin contract where you're like, why are you Bringing in this? It's part of Nico's plan. How about that guy? Huh? People starting to understand the vision because the lottery just worked out for you. There was a vision all along. The vision was we're gonna, we're gonna cash in on 1.8% chance to win the lottery. We've had a vision all along that we would have a miracle in May. Sixers have been busy though because Yeah, re picked up the option. Yeah, I thought you were gonna report that. I was waiting to hear that from you. Well honestly heard from Another reporter, He hasn't been one of my favorites but for 8.4 for him, that's kind of a win.


But that's for Philly. Yeah, That's, that's one of the differences though between like what's Uber's representation saying to him about like what's out there for him and if they're coming back going, Hey we didn't even think you can get the 14, then that's clearly why he is picking that up. Lonnie Walker. See Eric Gordon. You know, I mean I don know there was some rumor that declining the 3.4 million means they can get him at a lower number, bring him back. Certainly that's still in the ballpark, but the Grimes number, he was really productive. But yeah, I, I think we're in agreement that I was like, man that thing's gonna get north of like 15 million for him. I was surprised. I would've guessed in the tense. So there's, there's some other veterans like Russ is back. I know you're excited about that as a free agent. I can't wait.


GP two is out there. I like him. Brooke Lopez who I did not think was good last year, but I think there's so few centers out there that he will get one more where you stand on La Arabia. I like Laia just as a, I kind of like him too, You know, is a one more shot. Probably short years. Maybe I'd overpay for a year to give it a, but I'd have to have like a club option on the second year maybe. And then maybe his reps are like absolutely not. Like it depends on where he's gonna go and what kind of options he's gonna get. Do you have any can Ellis excitement? Very active player D Witty. I know you're not a fan.


We know where you're stand on D'Angelo Russell who's available. Tys Jones did not acquit himself great in Phoenix. It it really starts going downhill from the, from the RFAs. Santi Alama I think is an interesting one and I wonder if he could slide into that 14.1 potentially for somebody trying to pull him away. No, I think Memphis will match. Well they well they'd be psyched. They'd be thrilled if they took an offer sheet at 14.1 'cause I think he's a $20 million guy if Jabari he's Yeah I do. I I think you Put him on the jab, you'd put him in the Jabari level. He's more productive than Jabari is. I actually think he's shown more than Jabari Has he? I mean in my head I am a notch lower, but maybe you're right.


I don't know. Yeah, I think Aldama is actually pretty underrated. I'm not telling you like that. I think he's like a a two on a really good playoff team. But the Bain contract in that deal, even though we had a lot of fun as soon as it had happened, it seems pretty clear that it was about flexibility for whatever is coming for Obama. A Jaron Jackson extension and then you know, figuring this thing out on the fly again and maybe they get a Rotation. Well there's another piece I think they were excited about. Maybe they knew they had a chance to get coward in the draft. I think they love Wells. They have all these other dudes. I think they just play, seems like they felt like wings by committee. We can replace Bain's stats, which I'm not against, I still don't think they should have traded him, but I get the logic.


I'm not against, I'm not against the logic of it, I just wouldn't have traded him. But it does feel like they're, and look, they're one of the smarter front o front offices. I I think what they do is they go, okay, you know, this is a hall for Bain and we really like 'em but we're getting in front of this and then we can clean up our books and now we're gonna have multiple chances here to fill things in around how, you know, we identify the top three guys, you know, maybe Al Dama iss that third maybe he isn't Wells is certainly more of a guy. I Would, I'd vote no on that. Yeah, okay. But I, if Aldama were, there's no way he's gonna sign an offer sheet for 14.1 million 'cause the grizzlies would be pumped. I would think their reps would already know like, hey part the plan is getting you settled.


You think he would sign that? No, I just, I don't know anything anymore with these numbers. I don't know who I, I can't get a handle on it. I'd be the first one to admit it. But so the difference with that Bain trade versus how I felt about the New Orleans trade a couple days ago, the Bain trade. I get the logic. I just personally would've done it. But I get it. And if you feel like you can replace 'em with the wings, like I get it. The New Orleans not putting a top five protection on that pick. I don't get, you're never gonna convince me that that was a good idea And I, I know you feel the same and I know everybody else who follow basketball like nobody will ever understand why you played it that way. It was poorly done and that's it. And it has nothing to do with whether you think Derrick Queen's good or not.


He might be really good. The point is you put this crazy price on moving up 10 spots that you didn't need to do. And it is absolutely reckless and incomprehensible and I still don't get it five days later, four days later. I don't get it man. Everybody's talking about it too Still. Yeah, It's the, Everybody's talking about it's them and LeBron are the, been the two kind of stealth topics right now. Been the, what the hell is New Orleans doing? Been a lot of nets in there.


Lot of ball handlers. There's some, there's some your guy yang. I I definitely feel like I think your guy Yang gimme Bill. I want a couple minutes on him. The floor's yours. Well here's the thing and and this goes back to your New Orleans point. So if they're really calling around trying to move up for Derrick Queen and that for Portland, can we move up to your spot At 11 to number 11, which is the, before they trade back to 16, can we move up to 11? 'cause we really want Derrick Queen and you can have 2023, whatever it was and you could just, and we'll give you this crazy unprotected pick.


They could have taken Yang at 23, right? Nobody would've, nobody would've taken him from there before that you really feel like he would've gone before 23. He was killing it. The combine dude, chances are no Chinese joker. Yeah. Yeah. 'cause I was getting a, a few of the picks like ahead of time. Yeah. And so I got, all I got was a oh my God, wait until you see 16. So the guy wasn't gonna like, yeah, give it to me because he wanted me to experience it live. Do you have any chance you have any thought in your head Yang could go in the top 25?


No. No. But I did get a few texts of like your guy, The, you watched shit was really high level. I mean watched. I couldn't watched enough of it watched. Oh, I watched all of it. I was, I was, he wa I gotta admit he wasn't on my radar going into Wednesday night, but he, he jumped into the radar. I tell you if you watch his mixtape you're like, how did he last until 16? You see the future of basketball. I heard that. At the very least they just feel like there's revenue from him because of the China pipeline. When you, when you have these guys on a team, you just make money from them. You make real money.


And if he, and if he's good it's a bonus. But then they obviously liked him as a player too, as a project. But you can get this guy and keep them on your team for five years. There's real revenue that comes with that. Yeah, it would help if he's good too. Hollander does a really good job on like just pointing out like there's a lot of international star stats that are good indicators. They're better than college stats in how they translate to what you should expect college player becoming an NBA player. And his argument was like, hey look like the league he played in, he wasn't exactly killing it there. And that's a little alarming. You not a good sign. NBA castoffs are crushing it that can't even stick in the NBA and they're killing it in this league.


And like, but now granted he's really, really young. But for somebody that big that moved that well that ha these little flashes of like, well that was kind of cool. Like I figured, okay, this guy's definitely gonna get drafted now. But I didn't. Yeah, there's no way I thought it would be 16. Listen, it's, it's so funny that he went to Portland, the team probably that you and I talk about the most. That just makes no sense. That should be in our lives in any way. And now like, you know the Drew thing, I still feel like there's some real benefits with the, with the leadership stuff and the veteran stuff with him and just having like a real adult in there and he's a beloved teammate. There's reasons beyond just trading Simons for him. That's a pretty expensive beloved teammate man two years from now.


Listen, They're trying to change the culture. They're trying to build around a defense, keep them Last time. Well I mean two years ago they're trying to tank it as part of the trade. Alright, but I don dunno. Yeah I get it right. Alright. They're tanking that and now The refill and the fear is I just, I'd rather not pay a 37-year-old guy two years from now. 37.4 million for vibes. Here's the other problem is the playoffs I think made us all nervous with him. It wasn't awesome if he's moving toward a slightly different phase of his career, that 37 year contract. But listen, I thought it was a big price to pay and I still like when we were talking about it more on the Celtic side, but I can't get on Portland.


They took my guy LOBs scoot to Yang and then here's the thing, I don't even know he was, he was Hanson Yang at the combine and now he's Yang Hansen. So who knows opening night what his name's gonna be then it gonna be Dave, Dave Yang. No, I'm serious. Like there's so many times with international guys who just go through the cycle of what the fuck's this guy's Name again. So potentially we could have Scoop Drew, holiday, Kamara, Denny and Yang out there all at the same time. I don't know, I'll have a good time just Telling you I can't wait for the first eight in quote when Yang's getting his minutes because they still have clinging too.


I Assumed as teams got desperate for centers that there would actually be an eight market that would materialize. And I'm not gonna count it out because I mean let's, we should talk about the trade that sexed in Nage trade today. I thought that was a dumbfounding trade. I didn't understand that at all. Utah traded sexed in with a second round pick to get Nage back. And I can't tell if this means centers have become more valuable or what's going on because Phoenix tried to trade Nage for two months last season and nobody wanted them. And they finally had to attach some stuff to get rid of him. Sexton say what you want about the dude, the guy's like a 40% three point shooter and and score 18 a game and like 28 minutes.


Like he's a real guard. He's a real offensive player that would help a bunch of good teams. And Charlotte just basically took him, I didn't understand that trade at all. The only thing I can understand is between Collier and Kete George, who, you know, you still have hope for with Utah and then you know, you just feel kind of guard heavy. And Clayton Jr's coming in, Clayton Jr. The draft pick who was awesome, as we all know. You know, they clearly, they don't really know what they are at this point and we'll see what happens with Ace and all these different things. Like they wanted to make some room, but I would tell you like the player you're getting back in IC versus the player that's going out and they're both expiring around 19 million and you can get on their case for having to attach a second round or you know, whatever.


It just feels like player for player. Charlotte got the much better player And I have an extra reason that I think that trade happened.


But we have to say goodbye to Loom by Atlassian because that special portion of today's episode is brought to you by them Video messaging from Loom. You can trade out those novel length emails and back to back calls. Finally, stop feeling stuck at work. Simply record whenever you need to share it with your team. No video production writing skills are needed. It has easy to use skills and AI features to help you make it exactly what you want. Get back on track. Try Loom today at Loom dot com LOO m.com.


That trade was so weird that I now feel like Utah, that was the trade before the trade. I really do. I I, and you know, there's been rumors about them trading Kessler, the Lakers have wanted 'em for two years, but I was just in a trade machine rabbit hole trying to figure out what the next move was. And do You have any, there's A, well there's a LeBron piece we have to talk about to Utah because there's Utah with Ace Daily. The mentor, no, LeBron, not LeBron to Utah. I don't, I don't feel like that would happen but I think Utah is a facilitator and a three team trade with Utah and Cleveland. I just feel like I, it just sent my shit detector off and that rarely happens with trades where I'm like, huh, I'm pretty sure Danny Ange knows basketball and I know Austin does and they just traded Colin Sexton with a pick to get and I just feel like that means something else is gonna happen.


I was in the trade machine trying to figure it out because they could send a bunch of stuff, they could take contracts back and the bigger question is, is LeBron gonna stay with the Lakers? Which is the other topic that has been a big behind the scenes thing. He did the thing today where he opted in for the 53 million, had to put out through Rich Paul that he's gonna be monitoring closely all the movement. I don't know what he thinks the movement's gonna be because they're paying him and Luca combined $98 million. The caps 1 54, they're keeping Reeves, they have $70 million more in contracts. There's not a lot of movement. They're not gonna be able to trade res for his center. They can't extend res either.


And I don't know what he thinks is gonna happen with this team and I don't, I don't know if he's staying and I don know what the move is because once you opt in you're basically saying a trade. And at that point it's Cleveland. There's a buyout possibility, which I don't understand in a million years why they would ever do that. And I don't know how this plays out, but it feels like we're gonna be talking about it for the next three weeks is my guess. When he first opted in, like the first thing I was looking at was like the Dorian Finney Smith decision on where that would put them between a full mid-level and a taxpayer mid-level. Which is, you know, you're talking about some of the names you've already covered or maybe Brooke Lopez, you know, for the taxpayer midlevel.


So when I was looking at that, I was thinking, did he really take like the full boat and now they can't bring in a full midlevel guy when they desperately need a center, are they gonna be less with The no trade too? Right. Right. And so after Finny Smith s out and then I looked at it again, it looks like they're gonna have the full taxpayer midlevel. So like the angst that I think LeBron some of like the early angst was is this gonna cost the Lakers a decent center option versus here's the budget bin of centers. Because however the now it still could get a little weird. I I'm sure there's, there's moves to be made, but I don't, I don't really know like why it's not about him taking less money.


'cause I don't know that I ever feel comfortable being like, Hey, you should take less money. You should take less money. But what he can't do is be upset. You can't opt in and be upset, which we've seen over and over again in the NBA, you've chose to reenter this situation. You can't then You can't get mad about it. About the lack of options that the team will likely have. And you know, like Kobe got that massive extension at the time when none of us could ever believe it. And if You don't have the pieces around it and you're kind of just paying a collection of guys that aren't very good and then you're kind of stuck financially and then it's like, man, nobody wants it more than Kobe. He's like, he can want it all he wants, but there's no outs.


There's no outs where any of this talent coming out. So I mean unless there's a reeves deal where they feel like, hey we're less like dominant on the perimeter where it's three guys taking turns, you know, maybe, maybe there's something there. But it's, it's beyond that though with the three guys because none of them are good defensive players. I mean LeBron is sometimes a good defensive player, but when you're thinking about a team built around those three, we saw it in the playoffs, it's not gonna work if those are your three guys. I don't think, and especially LeBron's gonna be 41 next year. This is only gonna get worse. It's not gonna get better. Even though I thought in the regular season he exceeded expectations, but you got hurt in the playoffs in the first round, you get older, you're just gonna get hurt more often.


It's the way it goes. And they're paying him and Bronny together as 55 million. You add Luca, Luca has a big extension coming. There's just no way to improve the roster. And every Laker fan I talk to says, well you just gotta trade Reeves for a center. It's like, well who's the center? Go through all the teams. Who are you getting? Like are you gonna be happy with like a Congo? And why would Atlanta do that? Like he just, I I just think they're stuck with this roster and they're stuck between the proverbial rock and a hard place and it's gonna lead to some sort of move with him. I don't believe for a second that he doesn't wanna win another title and that he doesn't care about rings.


I think he does. I just don't believe it. You don't believe what part, When he is talking about ring culture, like that stuff doesn't matter. Like I think he wants to win the title again. He's gonna try to go to a situation where he can win the title. So you think this is, this is the precursor to him actually moving on. 'cause that Cleveland thing I do, I think it's in play. I really do. Okay, alright. I'm not disputing it but when I look at the Cleveland side of it, that's the one that I don't understand. And you know, a third team, I know that's always our kind of default of like, hey, to make this happen, who's gonna third team this thing? But why would I move out Garland and Jared Allen No one year. It wouldn't be, I don't think it's Garland and Jared Allen.


I think it would either, I think it would be Jarred Allen with Hunter and then you could get a third team involved and make something work with that pretty quickly. But the Garland piece is weird because I think he is out there a little bit in, in like a, I think he's, I think teams feel like he's attainable. Like you're gonna have to pay for him. You're not just gonna steal him. But I, I don think he's not, I wouldn't say this, I don't think he's untouchable the, the stuff about him being the Durant trade was wrong. I think that was something Phoenix wanted, not them. But I do think, you know, I I do wonder from a Cleveland standpoint, do they worry that this is the guy who gets hunted in the playoffs and can we change our team?


If we change our team in some way, that's who we should do with. You know, where I stand on Garland, I would not trade him. I think his two injuries, he, he had a fucked up toe which could happen to anybody and he broke his face. Like I, it's, you can't say like he's injury prune and I, I just think he's really good and if I was another gm, I'd be trying to get him right now. If there was even a shadow of an opening that he might be available. Like if I'm name a team, I I would be like going hard after trying to get him Sacramento. Well now that Orlando did the Bain thing, Right? Yeah. I don't know what Sacramento has that's enticing at all.


Chicago already traded all our guys, but even when you look at the Lakers, like is there a ruey deal out there for somebody? Does Van do have any trade value at this point? Does anybody care about Gabe Vincent at at 10 million for the one? So if this team is going to, 'cause there was that stretch there, right? They figured out defensively, like the funniest thing about the Lakers timeline is as soon as they make the lu a trade, you're like, okay well this is for the future. It makes all the sense in the world. You get one of the best players in the world who cares about 25 and then they figure some stuff out, right? And then they get this great c and you're thinking defensively and then people are actually talking about 'em. And I think it was a bit of like the overvaluing, just the Lakers part of it. Yeah. Where everybody's picking 'em in that first round series against Minnesota.


And then that seems like one of the most absurd things ever now in hindsight because you're like, why did they, why did they think they were gonna be able to hang with him? And Jackson Hayes is so bad that JJ just pulls the plug because like if you're telling me that Jackson Hayes getting more minutes would've solved your problems in playoffs, then I would say that we're just gonna disagree and move on from that whole thing. So, And and they they were really physical with LeBron in a way that was surprising. Randall Was excited when LeBron was on. Yeah, that was a weird thing to see. But that's, But that's the thing when I talk about building around those three guys, I, I mean we, we will see what kind of shape Lucas in next year. But if those are your three with what we just watched from Mojo City, I don't, I don't think it works. And I think LeBron is smarter about basketball than just about anybody on the planet.


And he has to see that, like his, his supercomputer brain has to look at like, all right, if these three guys are out there in crunch time for us and I'm one of them and we're playing a team like OKC, who else needs to be on our team? Well we need like an awesome rim running center defensive shop locker to protect all of us. Well how the fuck are we gonna get that guy? We've already traded all of our a like that guy doesn't exist. Oh is it, is it gonna be Kessler that's gonna be, that's gonna change you from being better out game four Rounds. I know, but it's still so much better than having better No one I know's better it's not. But also why am I trading Kessler if I'm Utah? That's the other part that I don understand.


I wanna get something back. Like there's nobody has centers like that anymore. Even like somebody like K clinging I feel like has more value. So I think you're looking at like a Deandre Aton type of, you know, moving a bunch of contracts, attaching a pick and trying to roll the dice with like somebody like him and is that gonna get you four rounds? No. So I, I just think he's trying to figure this out 'cause I don't, I just don't believe him. I think he wants to win the title again, Good luck on the eight and thing. I do wanna see it happen. It's just that, I mean that's such a massive, it's 35 and a half million for him in the span year. Yeah, but you could do the ber Vincent, like you could throw some, you could patch some contracts together and attach an asset and maybe, I don't know, I just wanna see him go somewhere to watch that fan base talk themselves into it and I'll sit back and be entertained Fair.


Like Miami would be my favorite Favorite. Can I walk you through a fake trade I made, Please? I probably don't have a choice but I I do wanna hear it. So I think it's in your wheelhouse. LeBron and his son go to Cleveland. What if his son is like, actually no Does he have trade beat though? Utah gets Darius Garland and Rui Hashimo the Lakers get Kessler, Lonzo Ball, Jordan Clarkson and John Collins and Utah has to throw a picker two has to sprinkle some picks around because ultimately they're getting Darius Garland the youngest, this sex In the trade.


This is, this is your sexton thing. This is tied to the Sexton thing. You get Nage because you know you have Kessler going in this other trade. I don't know, I was excited about it. It's like Bain goes the magic and be like it's Jar Jackson better With the Lakers or the Clippers. I just am on the record. I don't think Cleveland should trade Darius Garland but I'm just saying like I wonder if those types of deals are being talked about or could you do like a Darius Garland to our team Toronto For who With Max Stru and the Lakers get Perle and RJ Barrett and LeBron just goes to Cleveland like that this, the reason I'm bringing up these trades is like if LeBron's actually leaving the Lakers, these are the type of trades that would have to happen for this to happen.


And the other option would be where the Lakers buy 'em out and he just jumps on a team and I don't know why they would do that in a million years. So I think this is the whole reason I'm talking about this is I think this is gonna be really hard now that he's opted in for any other outcome than he's just on the team doing the, I don't know, I'll see what they do. I'm monitoring it. It's like okay glad you're monitoring it. Like we're not gonna be able to get a center like do you want us to trade two unprotected first rounders for Kessler? Like why we have the Lakers have Luca Danish now why are they doing that? Like they, they're in Luca mode now for the next 10 years. How do we build around Luca?


So it's really awkward. I, and I'm surprised it's not a bigger story. I think this is pretty strange. Okay, but what do you think should have happened? Do you think he should have taken less? Do you think they should have Well he has the no trade so he's gonna be able to veto anything. Do you think they should have tried to figure out a way to year? I dunno what else should year? Well I think that's what he wanted. I think he wanted a longer commitment. Well I mean come on, He's 40 gonna be 41. That's, this is why I'm talking about this. Like I think this is a really weird situation and on top of it they just sold the team and they didn't give his whole side a heads up on any of it. Which you could argue.


Yeah okay. But that team that heads heads Up that transaction's been talked about for two years. I Get it. I'm just, I'm just telling you longer you the stuff I've heard longer. So I don dunno, it's a weird one. And you could feel the Lakers shifting toward Luco, which is a situation he's never been in before. Granted he is been in the league 23 years so maybe time for some new situations. But I think they have a new owner, the guy paid a lot of money and they're gonna gear this thing toward Luca and they have to figure out the LeBron piece and I don't know how they figure it out. And maybe this will turn into like, you know what actually let's, I'm, I'm good here, let's stay.


But I think it's worth monitoring. Yeah, but the likely outcome is what they figure out. Some sort of center, we don't know which world they'll be in. They probably get the, The benefit, I dunno who the center is. Okay. But they're gonna, I doubt they're gonna go into it without one again. Do You have Laker fans in your like we just gotta get bam. Not in my life, but I'm, I'm aware that's like, like people just think like we'll just, well we'll just get Quint Capella. It's like okay you seen Quint Capella, It lasts couple years. That would've been a huge lint Capella would've been a much better option Than Jackson Hay. The Jackson Hayes. Yeah, that's fair.


Even if, okay So let's say it's, it's Pretty clear that Capella's on the decline here and why Atlanta went the route that they went with a Yeah, but the likely scenario here is what he doesn't, does he really wanna leave LA? He makes his 50 plus million. His son's still on the team. Luca comes back even better shape. You know they're, they're able, he's reinvigorating Four teams. Luca's in such good shape, LeBron's reinvigorated. That's probably how it's probably, I would bet on that as the maybe most likely scenario. But I still think, what do you think their win total's gonna be? I think there's a lot of smoke Like 47 and a half, 48 and a half. I mean we still gotta figure out who it's gonna Be. Yeah, you gotta add the extra two. They always pad the, it's like the Red Sox over under for wi, there's certain teams where they pad the over because they know the fan has the team is a huge fan base.


So I'd say probably like 47, half 48 and a half. Here's the thing, Luca could come show up and look like, like look like the best shape we we're all in disbelief how good he looks and he's one of the best 5, 6, 7 players in the league. And maybe that's 50 wins if he's just in awesome shape playing great, you know, we've seen guys just be like so good that they're just in the 45 to 50 win range 'cause they're on your team And really what they need is they need like a 28 minute a night center who can run all night and run for Luca.


You don't have to necessarily be a stretch five. I mean they're not gonna be able to afford the rim protecting run all night. Young guy who's also a stretch five. So that's, that's not gonna happen. But considering what Luca has done in the past with some of those Dallas teams and you figure offensively you're gonna be fine. They ran into the worst matchup. If they had, if they had faced Golden State with their lack of size, you know, maybe golden state's like, hey this is great. We actually don't have to worry about the Laker size. Conversely, but it, it's probably, there's probably like two matchups there with how weird the seating was just shuffling throughout. It lasts couple weeks of the season where something that looked like it was a benefit of the Lakers to fight to get a three seed. So I still think there probably even with their flaws last year, just anything that's a plus.


Anything that JJ Reddick can look down at the bench and go like, okay, well at least I, I feel okay with this guy for 20 minutes and if there's nights that we want to go small and he doesn't necessarily have to play because he's not a guy that's a $20 million year center 'cause that transaction's not gonna be able to happen. I still think they'll be like in a decent enough spot if everybody's healthy again, that it's, it's gonna feel like they're somewhat competitive and that'll probably be enough I would think. But you seem to think that there's much more, like there's some really potential like you, the reason you keep bringing this up is you think there's potential for something crazy. All like some crazy scenario. I do, I think crazy is in, in play now there's also like, there's regular season versus playoffs, which we talk about a lot.


Whatever happens in the regular season with the, with whatever team they end up with versus what we know is gonna be needed in the playoffs that we watch every year and we're like, oh yeah, defense. Oh yeah, you need depth. Like they just have a lot of shit that they need to pull off. That's a big one for me.


This episode is brought to by LinkedIn during the season. Every baseball team plays 162 games. It's a true test of endurance. It's not enough to have a hot month or two. You need sustained dominance throughout. While the same is true for your small business, it's not enough to have a great Q2 or even a great year. You want year over year growth that starts with better hires. That'll be there for the long haul to find those use LinkedIn. LinkedIn has strong hiring data and insights that you won't find anywhere else to help pair you with the best candidates from unique skills and interests to the connections you have in common. Based on LinkedIn data, 72% of small businesses say that LinkedIn helps them find high quality talent. LinkedIn also lets you go beyond people who are actively applying in a given week. 171 million LinkedIn members aren't actively seeking jobs, but they are open to new opportunities. That's a big pool to miss out on. If you're not hiring with LinkedIn, find your next great hire on LinkedIn. Post your job for free at LinkedIn dot com slash simmons. That's LinkedIn dot com slash simmons to post your job for free terms and conditions apply.


This episode is brought to you by Visit Myrtle Beach. If you're dreaming of a beachy summer escape, then head to the beach in Myrtle Beach, South Carolina. You'll find 60 miles of stunning coastline, hundreds of attractions to explore in the south newest foodie hotspot. This is where you play hard and beach easy. You belong at the beach, Myrtle Beach, South Carolina. Start planning your summer adventure@visitmyrtlebeach.com.


Lowe's knows that taking on more projects should be rewarding. That's why loyalty members get more every day with rewards for every home or business purchase plus shop weekly member deals to get access to free standard shipping. So what are you waiting for? Join my Lowe's rewards for free today. Loyalty program subject to terms and conditions details at lowe's dot com slash terms subject to change.


Atlanta's $25 million. Trade exception I think is fascinating because in in some ways that's the best spot for, I don't know what, like whether you could that be like a DeMar de Rosen spot if Sacramento just wants to get off his deal, could that be part of like they help out with a trade package in general. And I know people have talked about it all week. I think Atlanta's an unbelievable shape with the roster they have and the assets they have to put, you know, they're not at, they're not at where Houston is from a close to win the title standpoint, but it's a little similar in that I just like a lot of their pieces and they have flexibility and they don't have to, you know, they have some extension stuff coming, they're gonna have to pay Trey in a year, they're gonna have to pay Dyson.


But for right now, they actually have the flexibility to do a couple more things and I think they should. I think, I think they East is, as we've talked about many times, is sitting there to make a move and that's a team that I think I'm really interested to see what they do over the next 10 days. Yeah, it could be, you know, they're probably gonna end up having a decent record if they get this group right. Yeah. With what's happening in the east. I do think it was funny too when we were mentioning Miles Turner, it's like, okay, this Pace team never pays the tax. If, if Nas gets a five year deal, He's somewhere between those guys, right?


Yeah. You have to feel like he's north of whatever the number is that puts him in the tax. And then I was like, I wonder if, because Halliburton's injury, they could be like, well you know, since we're not gonna have Halliburton, like does that turn into some weird turner thing? But I, I doubt it. I highly doubt it. But yeah, I could see a scenario where the Hawks, you know, every year they disappoint me with like, I think we've spent three summers in a row going, I kind of like a lot of the pieces, you know, look at all this depth and look at all these different options that they've had. This is the most excited I've been about them. I really like, I really like the nucleus. It makes sense to me. We're gonna find out once and for all about Trey Young.


I think this season what's actually there, this is the perfect roster to have around him for the most part. Although it still feels like they're one kind of reliable score short that would, would help him out if he didn't have it. Is Cleveland standing pat, we talked about Garland earlier. That's another one. Are they just gonna be, are they gonna feel like they need to do something or, I was thinking about, especially in the eighties or nineties when a season doesn't turn out the way you think it's gonna turn. You know, the Lakers had a couple of those seasons in the eighties where they weren't like, oh now we have to trade Byron Scott, we lost in round two. You know?


And they're just like, no, let's stay with the infrastructure. The smartest teams kind of didn't panic if a season didn't turn out the way they thought. Cleveland, I don't know, I I, I could, I think they should stand. I would roll it back with this team. You're gonna lose Ty Jerome. But I would just be like, you know what, the east got worse. We won 64 games. That was fucking weird. Garland was hurt. Moby missed the game. Like it it, we lost a fluky, crazy halbert and buzzer beater game. Let's not overreact, let's just run it back. But these teams in 2025 and the 2020s aren't wired that way. Like they always overreact. So would you overreact or you'd run it back?


No, I mean even when they lost, I was like, you were ready to fire up the trade machine. You had two laptops open like an oils future guy. I did, I did Oil futures. Yeah. So if anything, I mean after what just happened with Tatum Halliburton, throw Dame into that mix, what's gonna happen with Milwaukee? I think it'd be irresponsible to not run it back and give this group one more year together. And granted the Sam Merrill deal means Jerome's probably gone. So Sam happy to see my guy Sam getting paid. I thought, I gotta say that was a little rich. I was surprised. Yeah, it was. I would've guessed like it was basically Hauser money.


It'd be 1 million more than Drew Holiday makes in three years. You really didn't like that trade? I didn't. And I like Portland too. I just, just thought it was really expensive. You know what we didn't do? We didn't really even finish any of the Pelican stuff. We kind of teased. No, Let's that it. I had that. Next. Let's go. Alright, so if I understand this correctly, so Joe Dumars comes in, let's go, right? Brings in Troy Weaver. Troy Weaver has spent the previous year with the Wizards as a consultant. So there were rumors before the draft, even the day of that they were gonna take Queen seven.


All right? They don't, they take fears, but at that point everybody in the NBA world knew, like Pelicans love Queen, they love Queen. All right, so then Jago goes eight for the Net's first piece of their adventure fire card adventure, right? A bunch of picks go off the board. You've got the coward trade. So that takes out 11 s and gay, for him to leave his team to come to the draft meant that somebody high up enough, like was telling you, we don't, we are going to draft you. And he's like, I'm in, I'll get a suit. So then it gets to the, the Derrick Queen pick.


So it's like, okay, so the Pelicans clearly liked him and boy did they really like him and they, they move back. Well they move up 10 spots for the unprotected. And when I first saw the trade, I, and I know you've already touched on it, I talked about it on the first day. I could do it on Thursday, but I kept waiting to think I was wrong. I was like, is there some language in this that I'm not understanding? I don I don't quite get right? Oh, it was the second of the two picks. Yeah, there's a way they Keep the better one. Yeah. And they, yeah, yeah. Which by the way, I think Atlanta might have done, still might done. So we get the worst of the Milwaukee or New Orleans like, alright, still we're in Done. Right, right. And it's like, I'm going, because the other thing too is, is like to move up 10 spots because I don't even know if the Nets, if the Nets wanted to move from eight to six, does Washington say yes for the other four?


Like I don't, I, that might be a no Washington might not take four extra first rounders just to move back two spots, right? Because the NBA draft, it doesn't really work that way. So you're moving back, you're moving from 23 to 13 and so then you go, okay, so Weaver did really like him and then there's the Weaver part of it. They've already traded for Jordan Pool where you're like, all right, you want to tell me it was just a bad roster and he got shots up and he didn't take it seriously. Like the tape isn't very good. You know these stories, he was great in the locker room and all this different stuff. It's like okay, but that means you're paying an extra 30 million, you got an extra $30 million year for the CJ expiring that's sent out. You wanna tell me you think CJ's on the down downside of everything, fine.


But he was kind of like the whole point of him being there was the adult in the room, the guy that got it, the guy that wanted to be in New Orleans, which was pretty rare, you know, A holiday in Portland. There you go. Exactly. A little cheaper. But you trade out CJ fine. But for pool who, no, I'd rather have CJ on my team, but now pool's an extra year at 30 million. Another wizards guy. Okay, so you've taken a Maryland kid that you've done this unprecedented trade for because you just still can't believe it. You traded for the extra $30 million year in pool. You brought in Micah who played at Georgetown, you brought in the undrafted Hunter Dickinson who was a Dmaa kid.


There's an alarming connection of like how regional this is becoming, whether it's the wizard stuff or anybody in that area. And I, I gotta tell you like the, I like, I know Dumar because I was looking for it when he, when he did the press conference, he was like, we took, we, you know, once pick seven went off like you know, they had fears, they take him seven, then we started calling everybody. I don't know, do you really think that, like does Memphis say no if they offer that unprotected in 26 because they've already done the deal with Portland, maybe do you think Phoenix says no because of Maow watch for pick next year, the extra pick.


They could have taken somebody at 23 in the movement. Maybe they desperate. And by the way, why would Brooklyn have said no at eight? I would've done that in five seconds Maybe. 'cause Brooklyn was like, can we use one of these picks? You know, that's, that's, I don know that in The lottery. I mean that, I just thought that Milwaukee New Orleans pick was such an amazing asset because God only knows with Milwaukee and then New Orleans that that, you know, that team's gonna be, that team's gonna be a mess. Chicago at 12. It would've been criminal if they turned that trade down. Like that's, everyone should be fired if they turned that, if that was offered to them and they're like, Nope, we have our guy.


Like you should quit. You think Toronto would've turned it down for Murray Boyles? Well as we found out, we don't even really know who was running Toronto. They fired their, they fired their guy the day after the draft that actually happened. That was weird. Yeah. Honestly though, I think that happens in sports more than people realize. It's like we're gonna get rid of you. But because you've already worked with this entire staff the entire year prepping for this draft night, like you're gonna run the room. But there's probably still somebody else who, 'cause his number two is still there. Oh And by the way, like the guy that that Atlanta dealt with here was Bryson who came, come over as the assistant GM who used to work with New Orleans.


Right? So that makes me go like, who Knew who also probably knew that they like Queen, right? He was under the hood with that. So I just, I can't, I try to just figure it out what, What whatcha trying to land the plane on here that you feel like that it's actually even more dysfunctional than it seemed like from afar. I don't know why Brooklyn would turn it down. I don't know why Toronto would turn it down. I don't know why Phoenix would turn it down. I guess I can understand why Portland in the Memphis deal would've said, Hey, we already do too much work on this. But that's where Gian probably goes, are you fucking serious? Hey Portland, guess what? Or hey, guess what Zach in Memphis like we're out Chicago. It's like, ah, we promised Senge. Hey, you know, I mean the guy just flew and left his team.


So there's, there's maybe individual step by step stuff. You're like yeah this is why all of these teams turned it down. I have a hard time believing all of those teams turned down what so many people around the league are like I can't believe they threw in the unprotected pick. Now the reality is as I land the plane here is what if Queen turns out to be really good? Awesome. What if That doesn't matter with the trade discussion? Okay, I know, but you know what happens is that we end up only evaluating stuff historically based on the results. And this is the same as the Luca thing, not to the same magnitude, but it's like if things were to work out for Dallas, it's like yeah but still the fundamental issue is you decided to not build a market for Luca Doni and whatever happens from that point on, that is the inexcusable part. And I think in this transaction, again not nearly the same magnitude, but the likelihood that this, this unprotected pick in 26 turns out to like, you know, whatever the odds and the way the lottery goes.


Like all you guys freaked out about that a year ago and it ended up being the 11th pick And it's like that's not the point. Yeah. The point is is that the internal discussions, at some point somebody in the room has to go, Hey is there a chance as much as we like Queen, we're moving up from 23 to 13 and hey we all like Queen a lot, but is there any chance that the unprotected 26 pick that we're including in this, like say we in the West and things don't go well and Zion gets hurt and I know you already saw all this on Thursdays pod, but like is There a chance we're Giving up like the number one, could it be like worst case scenario, could it be the number one pick in the 26 draft when the answer is yes. That's why so many people have freaked Out us. Well then there's one other, there's one other extra question to that. If we just top five protected, are they still saying yes to the deal?


And the answer is yes. Yeah, but we have to move back 10 spots and it's just top five protected. There's another crazy piece that I didn't even realize when I did my pot on Thursday they traded, They got that 23rd pick by trading their Indiana 2026, no first rounder, which they traded during the finals before Halliburton got hurt. Yeah. And then Halliburton got hurt. So they're in 23 by using a pick that then became way more valuable that they didn't know that it was gonna be more valuable. And Atlanta somehow ends up with Indies first and then they the bucks first or the, I mean it's just like insane how that played out for them.


That was smart. Which is why I was joking on Thursday that they're like spraying champagne on each other after that second trade. Yeah. And the smart part about the Pacers thing, 'cause we get back to the tax thing and the Turner decision and and they're probably going, Hey, we like the 26 draft better anyway. We're already a super deep team and even with the Turner discussion, we still have probably a couple other decisions that we have to make on some. Like, hey, it's awesome, we're one of the deepest teams in the league. Downside is now we have to keep figuring this thing out 'cause we can't always keep it together. So let's, let's just go into next year's draft. So I actually thought it was smart from the pacer side of it. Did you, were you part, Atlanta has a lot of assets though. What, what were you gonna ask When the Pelicans official feed came after you? Did you feel, what was that like for you that day?


Laughter. Laughter or I laughed after pain was Did you feel like it was, you could have been a social media guy. Seriously, if it's 21-year-old bill. 2025. I mean granted You don make fired in shots. You don't make it a season 'cause you'd be too clever, but they'd be mean I gotten fired. Yeah. Yeah, you a hundred percent get fired. Early twenties. Some definitely getting fired. But I feel like these early twenties guys running team sites, they're like, they're your spirit animal. The funniest thing was, so it's almost like you're getting mad at yourself. They, they retweeted, what was it a sha thing? Shas on McAfee. Yeah. Where he's it was an absurd, it was an absurd rational. Well That's thing he's Knows way more info than us both put together, but it's What if Queen was a Hall of Famer fame?


Yeah. It's like, okay fine. What if he does become a hall of Famer? It's still a dumb trade. You still gave up too much to get Derrick Queen. It was like, yeah, what if he's a hall of famer and the Pelicans feeds like, yeah, Fuck Off Ringer. It's not what they said. They were like, this take won't get you a podcast on The Ringer. But was, you know, a pretty clear directed fuck you. I loved it and I just, I retweeted it immediately. I love it down there. I love it. I love it down there. You know, this hurts. It's a tough segment for me to do. What's funny is I was looking at their roster and I do kind of, I kind of like all the pieces and they make zero sense together. Like you actually look at all the things they have and it's like, I don't know what this is.


It's like, it's almost like a team you would put together in 2K. Like, I guess Jordan Hawkins was probably fired up for five seconds after they traded McCollum, right? Like if you're Trey Murphy, how are you feeling right now? Well, thank God he is not from like Russia, you know, he's, he's from, he's from North Carolina, so Yeah. You know, like hopefully that's close enough to the, the DMV. Wow, Good point. You know, to, to keep them aligned with some of the recent decisions. Well, what's weird is the team they're putting together as a team, you'd put together if you didn't care about next season and you actually secretly wanted a really high lottery pick.


It's just this whole, oh see, I don think collection of assets, but they don't seem to think that way at all. They seem to feel like we're gonna be good next year. Yeah. And it's like they haven't noticed what conference they're in or that the talent of all the other teams and also how unrealistic it would be to have a good team with the point guards they have. And with Murray coming back from this injury and with how unreliable Zion is and it's just you like, you'll be kind of fun to watch on League pass, but you're, you're not gonna be good next year. Like they can't actually think that. Right. The overriding messages were gonna be aggressive. It's like, all right, well done. But you certainly were aggressive.


Mission accomplished. Yeah. Yeah. You did it. You pulled it off. A couple other things I I was gonna do the July desperation tears with you. But let's, let's take one more break and then we'll do that.


This episode is supported by FXs the Bear, the Emmy award-winning series returns following Carme, Sydney and Richie as they push forward determine not only to survive, but also to take the bear to the next level. This season the pursuit of excellence isn't just about getting better, it's about deciding what's worth holding onto. FX is the Bear. All episodes now streaming on Hulu.


This episode is brought to by Vrbo, private vacation rentals with Vrbo, you can save over $200 on select homes when you stay for a week or more. Say you wanted to go catch a few baseball games in Boston, take some time off work flying to Beantown, watch the socks play after that. You can do anything. Go book a Vrbo in Cape Cod for a week. The world is your oyster or lobster roll or clam chowder. Really, if it has shells, gills, and is indigenous to the Atlantic, it's your edible metaphor of choice. They're crustacean crazy down there. And guess what? Since you stayed longer than a week, you saved over $200. You know what that means? More shellfish. I love shellfish. Hope you're not allergic. Next vacation. Stay longer and save. Make it a Vrbo.


All right, July desperation, tears. Is this a real thing? I think Milwaukee, would you, would you have them one with how do we make this roster better? I don't believe it. I still don't believe any of the honest stuff about he is undecided. Like I think he's gonna be back in Milwaukee. But I also think there's pressure on them to have a good roster. They're bringing back Bobby, Bobby Portis. But it's a little bit of make or breaky I think for Giannis in the Bucks this season. If we're not gonna be a contender within this season, Now you have to really reevaluate. So I would put them number one on my desperation. Tears for we have to get better right now. Is there anybody you would put ahead of them as the number one desperation team?


You're treating this like the 25 draft though. Like Cooper's in his own tier because So if you're telling me, well Milwaukee's in their only tier, I'm not, I don, I have the number one, I had a couple other Possibly Probably's gonna be in this conversation with Milwaukee, right? I had them down as well. I had Phoenix because of this Beal situation that they just, what do you do? You can't buy him out. That'd be idiotic. Do you hope he's gonna be better? You can't trade him. Do you bury 'em? You'd be like, you know what, you're just not gonna play basketball anymore. We're not gonna play you Getting ready for the road trip.


We have you in B 21 Southwest, We have you in a room with two double beds. So I don what they Did. They probably just suck it up this year and then it's an expiring contract even though it's $57 million. But he still has the no trade clause. Yeah, I know, but it's An expiring contract that you can't move. I think the Lakers are in there from a desperation standpoint on getting some sort of person that makes them feel different than they were last year. I'm putting Sacramento in here 'cause I think they're just a no man's land and they've been, and they're somehow back to who they were for the entire 2000 tens.


And they just have this weird team that doesn't make sense. And are they capable of anything? Like Zach did his little thing for us yesterday and he was talking about, didn't think Jalen Brown was gonna get traded, but he was like, you know that Sacramento is a team I would watch for that. There is this team every summer that's just like, fuck it. It makes some crazy trade. And I think that would be my number one draft pick for that category. But would you put them in a desperation tier or no? I Don't know. They changed management again, even though I think Monnie McNair did a really good job there, but now you're paying $90 million to Zach Levine and Savona.


I know, I You didn't Like that plan? No, I mean I know I could get dumped on from being like, look, they treated Halliburton for Saboni. Although the Halliburton savona you, that was like a 1200 page book. It was like, oh my God, this is the worst. Like, hey, look at this. Maybe good for both teams. Oh my God. Like look at Simons, I mean Sacramento, Everyone's happy. Yeah. And then it's like, oh, disaster. But Sacramento is judged based on Sacramento's history and considering their history. I felt like there was actually like a really nice stable competitive run. They're in that game seven with the Warriors, then they smoke 'em in the plan and you know, nobody was like looking at them going, can they make some noise here as they flirted with playoff seating? But for that organization like that was a real improvement.


And so Now you look at it and you're like, man, this got bleak quick. I just don't like paying those guys that much. I guess the rosen's the asset, but he's 36 years old and he's, you know, look his number at 25 million's, totally fine. He seems like he's just gonna age really well. I remember the Bulls doing the first deal with him, bringing him in years and years ago was like, man, that was a lot for DeRozan. And it just seems like this guy, the way he plays, like he still can bring something to a team team, but team, what, what would be, what's like a realistic tier of player based on the, I mean unless you wanna start talking about Keegan or Devin Carter having a market, you know, not that teams wouldn't trade for Keegan.


Like he's, but you gotta pay him after next year. I, I don't think the Celtics are trading Jalen and I don't want to, but Zach did make me wonder like what kind of Sacramento crazy trade was sitting there. Like how crazy would they get? 'cause we've seen them do it before. I hope it doesn't happen. I I would put my Do Jalen Brown for Trey Murphy. So I did look at, I know that doesn't work, but you Know, no, you'd have to, there'd have to be foundation. A third team there would've to be a third team where I think Jalen goes to a third team and Trey Murphy would be, and the Celtics would cut salary. There's ways to figure that out. But I do think when they lopped off the $20 million that kind of ended the Jalen, any sort of entertaining a phone call, I think that they, they already got to their objective.


I'm gonna put Miami in a, in the desperation tears, we can figure out the tears after I go through all the teams. I don't know, I said this a couple days ago, I just don't know what Miami, what are they, what are they trying to do? Like even if they get Domingo, which I think is a good idea. And I like Domingo. I like their draft pick. I like to, They got at 20 on th on Wednesday night, but I still don't know, like they're gonna, oh, pay hero I guess a ton of money. Which now when you're seeing some of the other money going, it's like, ah, is he see, should he be making $50 million a year more than Julius Randall? I don't think he should.


I just don't know what's going on with that team. Do you have any handle on it? Better hang Sacramento. Oh, great. Hanging bad hang. No, I'm just saying like, are they Sacramento in a more desirable NBA city. That's interesting. So if you did it, if you did a draft of let's draft guys from Miami and Sacramento, bam goes first. Yeah. Bam goes first. Saboni second. Yeah, I, I but Saboni is like, you know, I think it's pretty clear against certain matchups in the playoffs.


It's probably not gonna go great for you. He still go second though over Tyler hero Hero's third who's fourth Oz's gotta be fourth, right? You wouldn't have Levine over Zen. It's me. You, sorry, I forgot who was asking. I'd be like, pal Larson. He'd be like, Zach Levine's still on the board. Orc be like, yeah, I'm aware. All right, so we'll go, we'll go Rose the Rosa Levine four, five. And then who's the next guy in Miami? You would have I love Jovi, but I mean nobody should like him that much. So did Miami.


They wouldn't include him in the Durant deal. I didn't think Jovi was good last year. I don't, the times I watched Miami, I just felt like I didn't really see it. Maybe it's, maybe it's lurking under there somewhere. No, I mean look, I, there's guys I still hold out hope for. I mean we spent probably too long talking about Lavia and as I was doing it, I was like, this could also be a huge mistake. Maybe if Lavia stays in Sacramento, he goes higher in this draft. Malik Monk's gonna go before Roge as he go before Davion Mitchell. Yes. Keegan goes before Davion Mitchell. Oh no. You know, and then it's like we were doing this two years ago with Haquez.


There he goes a lot higher. I don't know what what, I mean they, they were like done with him. He Couldn't make a three last year, Couldn't make one in college. And that's why it lasted so long in the draft too. Then he started just being really Good. I like, I so Miami, Miami is, is higher end Sacramento. I'm too online. Let's start there. Not news to anybody. But what happened is, and I ended up like getting too much of it, but I always think it's funny when people are on social media and be like, how come I keep getting these posts? And it's like, well that's the, the danger of the four you thread as opposed to the one that you're following. Yeah, you should dip your toes over into the four you. And then you start hate watching stuff and then next thing you know, you're watching high school fights for half an hour.


You know, like I don't feel like a good person right now, dude, I do enjoy this. And by the way, I don't watch him anymore. It just got me, it bothered me was worried about the future of society. But people fought in high schools. I mean, do you ever see Greece? I mean, so this isn't new. Anyway, so back when there was the MD thing, I couldn't stop. Like I would just hate read every Sixers like guy that had, you know, a few thousand followers and it was just always like insane mb arguments against Yoic and I, I just couldn't get enough of it. And then all of a sudden my feed was just Sixers stuff constantly. So I finally was able to wean myself off of it years ago.


And I was all in on this heat thing. Just every guy with a couple thousand followers with a little bit of a heat page. And again, I still think it's all teenagers, but if there was ever like a, a nationwide need for editors, like that's the problem is nobody has an editor anymore. You know, I could probably use one a little bit more often. The number of heat trades that were so preposterous and were just so fucking terrible were the heat, were never giving up anything in all of them. And then it was always like, hey, 72 hours, Durant, four, eight hours Durant like, hey, we're, we're like a day away Durant thing's gonna happen in a couple hours. And it just was like guys kept doing it over and over again. Source all this stuff. Durant, Durant, Durant never happens. And clearly they didn't even really want 'em that much.


They must just not have wanted them nearly as much as, you know, maybe Phoenix Was or how about this Never wanted them in the first place. Yeah, right. So you're, you're sitting here and looking at all of these options and it's the reason I compare to Sacramento, it's just there's not a lot here to get you excited if you're like, let's, let's do a deal. Unless it's Wiggins. But Wiggins, I mean Wiggins still has a player option next year for $30 million. The other problem is their 2027 first goes to Charlotte. So it can't be like blow it up rebuild. 'cause you don't have your first a year from now. So there are no, And These teams, and I Don Riley, I Think Riley at this stage of his life is gonna go, all right, reset button time.


Wouldn't you say he's more in the stage of let's get a guy and pay as many assets as we possibly can and just try to be better right now. That's what I would've thought the Durant thing would've made sense. Do you think there's Lori marketing, I'm sidetracking now, but do you think there's Lori marketing trade possibilities now? Yeah, that's been another thing floating around right now. What's your favorite l marketing? Tim San Antonio Had that as well. The and Barnes? Yeah. Couple first in there. Yeah. But Utah, yeah. I mean there's gonna be some sort of enticing pick there and Angel is probably just gonna, you know, that's another thing with Angel is he's just gonna go, I'm not like, you don't think you're giving me the extra pick?


And We figured out the Ace Bailey thing a week ago. Was that a we thing? It was a you thing. I, I signed on, I jumped in the car, in the passenger seat. We talked it through, we did his pedigree, we had a whole thing. It was great. It was good. It was a really good, and then you talked about his high school pedigree. So it was, it was great. And now Ace is super happy to be there. It all worked out great. Is there a James Harden and Derek Jones for Zach Levine? Anything that excites you? No, I don't know that you could have presented anything that'd be less excited about Just for those, like as a trade, What, what was the point of that?


Clearly I just don't think the, I don't think the Clippers are gonna roll into October with the exact same team. I'm just not convinced. Maybe not, but like, Hey, how about me sticking up for Harden? I think you're a little dismissive of just the comfort of, Hey look, it's a little more expensive. We probably could have played hardball. He made all NBA last year. He's probably gonna play a ton of games. He doesn't even need to be in great shape. He's gonna put up numbers and it helps us, you know, at least like have something that we can depend on. 'cause he's still better than a lot of the players out there. And we'll just do that and give him a little bit of a bump and then whatever happens, we can figure this out in 26.


Like, don't you think? I mean, it's not like you give him a four year contract. Can I have a counter? Yeah, I want the counter. All right, so let's say, I'm thinking of one of your friends that I've met, Timmy Walsh. You guys drive cross country, you and Timmy Walsh. We Thought about doing it. Yeah. His wife said, gets Tara gets to Arizona and something horrible happens. Oh, Like he gets in, I don some sort of road rage incident or like just a bad driver. By the time you get to Arizona, you're like, I'm never doing this again with this guy. I'm never, never going cross country with him. Yeah, I think game seven was that bad for Harden.


Whatcha talking about? He's not even phased by these. He's got a millions, I'm not saying he's phased by these. Yeah. I'm saying if you're the equippers and your goal is to win the title, this is all Steve Balmer wants. He built this fucking wall that they, they genuinely, and I think they're right, feel like swung three games. They studied all the fan behavior in the wall and flew those people out to Denver. Like they're all in. They're spending every dollar they possibly can. And after watching Harden in Game seven, I just refuse to believe with this whatever window they have left with Kauai that they're like, well maybe it'll be different this year. They're not getting in the car with him again. Just like in my Timmy Walsh example, I just wanna shout out Timmy Walsh, one of my favorite conspiracy people.


I just don't think they wanna get in the car with him for another road trip because they know what's gonna happen when they get to Arizona. I don't think they care. They clearly don't care. It's a smart front office. They know everything that you just said. And I don't think they thought they were gonna tax him because of his history in those huge spots because the value over. But You think it's an asset that they're, they're whatever he's in, they now have him under contract. But this allows them to potentially do Something, right? Instead of just going, That's my Take. Right? Asset management, which is a lot of what we've seen over It lasts couple days. It's like, oh, that number seems a little high. Or they, you know, like that was kind of my overriding thing. I know I'm repeating myself from the very top of the podcast, but like there were multiple examples of, they probably could have said, fine, cool.


Go to free agency. You're never getting anything north of this. The agent relationships, the history here and then the fear of, okay, but now if I lose this piece and ownership is like, Hey, cool. Like our, our payroll's lower. I mean, Balmer would never do that to them, but it's just, well we can't just let a bunch of these stuff, we can't just let stuff walk and play hardball with everybody. And then if there's actually something available in November, December of January, February, now we don't even have any of those pieces. So yeah, maybe it is as simple as an asset management, which just the one year. But I do think that you're overlooking a little bit of the, just from October until April, like Harden's probably gonna be pretty good for us. I, I'm so happy I just got you to defend James Harden for like three minutes.


I've done it twice in my life. And that was the second time. Felt good. What about Westbrook? Where's he going and Who's left? Why you have a team? Can't find one. I mean I imagine it'll be one, but I can't find one either. Does Brooklyn just say fuck it for a year? Is there a world where Reeves gets traded into Atlanta's $25 million trade exception for players and assets, but It has to be to be one player that makes a huge difference. Would you do a Congu and, and some picks for Reeves?


Would you have a meeting Going, Hey, we got Pingus and let's keep our fingers crossed. And Reeves is a better player than a Congu. Yeah, He is a better player than A con. Yeah, he's a second crater than with Trey. We might be able to patch together the center position. We might be able to make a real run here. I don't know. I just, it was the only thing I can think of with the Lakers where to get a center. I think they would have to, that's the only thing that made sense to me. And I have a, by the way, please, anyone listening, please don't aggregate these trades and say please do whatever. I wanna navigate it. I'm just throwing dumb shit out though.


You have ion because I had a, I had a Jalen one that I'm just not gonna do. 'cause I don't want it to become like one that I really liked. I'm just gonna tell you. You offline tell me. You know what? I'm depriving, I'm depriving the people from the pod. I hope that gets aggregated. Simmons doesn't tell ow. Jalen Brown trade in fear of aggregation. Simmons tells ow, Jalen Brown trade after podcast. Thoughts Tackle. And then I was thinking of available, available trade guys. Would you have George last or be last right now? Oh, Beal. So Beal's still number one. He's been number one for two years now.


That should be some sort of wonder l like NBA thing. Be like, here, here's a hypothetical. You make $50 million a year, but the team hates you and they never play you and you have a no trade clause. If that happened to you for two years and you still had like a year left in your contract, what would you want? And if you answered like, I'd be totally fine, never playing and then keeping all my money, it's like, yeah, but you're still gonna keep your money. Like would you eventually get sick of this? Would there be some competitive part of you that was like, Hey, I'm a pretty talented player and I I don't wanna go out like this. And if the guy had the combine answers, no, I'm totally fine. It'd be the deal answer. I'd be like, okay, we gotta take this guy off the board.


We've seen some, we've seen some people in the sports media world check out like that. Oh yes. It's, it's, I love, I love when it happens. I love getting to see it. I'm just, I get so jealous because it tougher for you and I I think to, to check out like I've wanted to check out for years. Yeah. What's your checkout date? Like age 58? Yeah. You know, whatever it is. That one last, that one last deal where you could just Yeah. Completely check out. Yeah, that'd be fun. But I, I don't, I just need more of a, a team like I, the anchors get to check out. It's awesome because the scripts can be written, the segments are produced.


They'll even have people that produce the questions for him be like, Hey, we have this person. Like, you know, just make sure you ask that. You know, Alex Bregman's, you know, nine for his last 18. You know. And so I think there's, you know, we're trying to carry these podcasts on our own. It's a little tougher. Like, I think it'd be pretty obvious if you start to realize, because this guy waking up 15 minutes before he does these Now Can I get, can I ask you for I Watching one day though? Yeah. Can I ask you for your take on the dump team hierarchy now? Because I mentioned the dump teams during the week on the draft, and I think it's Sacramento, new Orleans, Brooklyn, and Chicago. And some order right now.


That would be my four. Is there anybody? I'm omitting for you. And I think that the qualifier is you have to be from a far gone. What the fuck are those guys doing? Because Chicago's a good example. I don't know what that Lonzo Ball as a coral trade was like. I just, that was one of those where, where you're just like, I, I just don't understand what just happened. You already have Patrick Williams. Why do you want Isaac a coro? Well, they're different in, in theory because a coro, like there's some shooting numbers where people be like, Hey. And you're like, yeah, but that's not really, he's, he's not really a shooter. There's some defensive metrics per 100. Like they actually show up pretty good what he brings to defense league Team. So you think they can play them together?


No. No. But I can't. But I can't. I'm saying like a coro just by himself. There's a little bit of a discussion at 10 or $11 million. But Cleveland so Deep. But not when you have Patrick Williams. No. And when you're getting rid of Lonzo where you're like, all right, this is an expiring $10 million deal and we're bringing back a coral for a similar number. But then he's 11.8 next year. I don't, I everyone Don't know what they're doing. I loves Lonzo there. How many, I read five stories last year about like, this is the best story in sports. Everybody loves Lonzo. Amazing teammate there I think was really fun to play for. Oh for, yeah, for the teams. So that's our, that's our five right now. I remember a GM told me a long time ago, I just need seven of these teams and as long as we always have seven, I'll be fine.


I'll if I'll always have somebody. So right now it seems like we have five. Maybe there's more coming. It's sad that the Lakers aren't on this list anymore. Alright, that's really all I have except I took Ben to UFC in Vegas yesterday. Yeah, tell us about it. Awesome fight, huh? Main car Por is like, I don't, I just don't know. I'm too casual of a UFC fan to put him against other guys from the past. But that guy's just an animal. He's just now he's still undefeated. I don't, he moved up in weight, which sometimes can go one way or the other. More in boxing than UFC.


But I mean, wow. Just, he just has it man. You know, the guy is at the final level when they have the knockout and they're not phased at all by it. They just kind of walk over and like, they wanna like wave to Dana White. Like they just knock somebody out that they'd been training to fight for three months and it's like they went and got a latte. That's when, you know, it's like something really crazy. But he's, he's, I think he's the biggest star they have right now. They haven't been able to blow him up as a star. Like he's not anywhere remotely close to Connor. Domestically. Internationally maybe, but I think he's the guy right now. How into it has been, he Was really bummed out last night.


'cause he likes Charles, him and his, him and his friend Enzo really took it hard. They just like him. They didn't wanna see him. They, they, they had slim expectations. They didn't wanna see what happened happen where he just got fucking his clock cleaned. They were not happy. But that, we have a new Simmons family as a new guy though. Okay. Joshua van just won us over completely just an incredible performance by him. Did you see that fight? It was the first fight. Did you see it last night? No, I didn't. I I know I took the boat out. Oh Yeah. I took the boat out late.


And then you'll, I don't know if you'd be proud or disappointed, I actually think you're gonna be disappointed. But I was like, hey, lighter schedule, not a ton of prep. You're on this. Like, if I can go out for a little bit. Yeah. You know, because I won't drink on the boat because I gotta dock that thing. I just don't wanna, I don't wanna ever have like, There's been one or two bad incidents over the years with boats and alcohol that I've read about. Yeah. Right. So you're kind of like, oh, you know, but then I get, so even though I've done it a bunch of times now, I'm, I never wanna be comfortable enough, you know, where somebody's like, oh well hey, it doesn't matter. You know? 'cause I know, look, I'm, I'm not trying to act like some fucking prude about how I think It's, it's the right way to think. Right? Right.


But anyway, so I'm like, okay, I'm running home and I get an invite and I was like, alright, you don't, don't even give yourself a chance to shut down. Don't even give yourself a chance. Like you have to go out, you have to go out tonight. I changed, I ran the shower, I looked at my bed and I went, nope. Like the window was three minutes. Wow. There was like a three minute window where I was like, I'm doing it. I'm going out. I'm going out. That's an official sign. You're moving in a different phase of life. Yeah. But that's been happening a lot. Like there's a lot of, depending on how the week works out, because I don't go out very often, but they'll still be like, don't become a guy who just never ever does it.


And I'll, I'll get up and like, my day will be going great. And I'm like, you know what? I'm in great mood. Whatever, whatever. And then you just know like, Hey, I ate. It's shutting down. I wanna work out tomorrow. Whatever. I don't care. I'm not missing anything. And then I just, I had this like peak energy like spike where I just went, I'm gonna, I'm gonna do this, like fight through this thing. And then, you know, you get that brine on you day at sea and it, it takes it outta you. You know, My stepdad Elbow going, My stepdad's big boat guy, meet him. It's a, it's a lot of work. It's a, it's really like separates the men from the boys in the sense of it's not just like getting in a car.


Like you really, if you're gonna do it, you gotta do it. Yeah. It's, if isn't clean, you gotta, there's just some real thought and care. It's like adopting, adopting a dog. Like if you adopt a dog, it's like, Hey, I adopt a dog. It's like, okay, your life's gonna be different now. This dog's always gonna be around. You're always gonna have to figure out what to do with it. The boat is kind of like the dog. Yeah. At least I can, I don't feel bad leaving it. Right. Yeah. Where I can You don People, You don have to be like, I'm going away. Somebody's gotta watch my dog. But you still have to put in this extra time into it. Right. That I Don't, I don think people realize when they don't get a until they get a boat. Yeah. I think if it's, if it's on your, like you have a lake or something or the people down in Newport Beach where they have docks in the backyard.


Right. You, yeah. Whatever. Right. That's sick. You know, You don't have to hose it down immediately. Although it would be nice, you know, You don want that salt to build, but when you have to go into marina and you know, the check-in and all that kind of stuff and then get the thing untied and I'm, I did it by myself too. So there's always a little extra of just being like on it, on it, on it. Every time you have to do it. So then I got really artsy though. Instead of watching fights, I watch Casablanca. Really? You guys doing that? The re watchable. 'cause I'm ready. You're ready for Casablanca? Yeah. Let's considered the greatest screenplay ever written. Listen, that sounds like an amazing idea for the summer for us. It's on the list.


It's funny, it kind of lives on now in when Harry met Sally because it has like these two big parts. And when Harry met Sally for so for like the under 40 generation, unless you, you know, your parents like forced you to watch it or tell you to watch it or whatever. It came out in, what was it, 1942. Great recall. 1943. 1943. So that's now 83 years ago. Like think how fucking long that is. Right. And so It's nuts look nuts. Like Jaws is 50 years old now. Yeah. Shout out to the vineyard. Speaking of poets. Oh what, Hey, You know what? That's a big Jaws summer Back home. I was gonna call you in for Prestige TV because Amazon has this show set on Martha's Vineyard.


It's a ya show, but it's just, my daughter was out in 20 minutes, so I I I didn't tell you about it. There's some show, but Yeah. But they fully vineyard, like they went all in. Do you know the name of it? Because I forget where I was. It was kinda like one of those deals where you can't find the remote in a hotel room. So that means the channel's just not gonna be changed forever. And I'm Looking as you're talking, There was this series that takes place on Martha's Vineyard. It's all shot in Canada. And I think even the actors are Canadian. But I think the true story behind it is that it's these fictional books where all of these things take place on Martha's Vineyard because the author's father, father-in-law, uncle or something was actually a police chief Edgartown.


So I could be sort of mauling this, but I don't know if it was the same thing. So I ended up watching. I never watch that kind of stuff, but I was like, all right, I gotta see what happens here. You know? Well my, My daughter's home right now so I, I can't say I'm watching, like I'm not watching a ton of stuff. I can't Oh it's called We Were Liars. I have not seen that. You might wanna give it a test run for the Martha's Vineyard footage. I will. No, I'm in. I'm totally in. But I would tell younger people that are listening about Casablanca like don't give it too hard of a time on the action scene at the end. And I think Bogart, I think it's an over under a four, four and a half.


Here's looking at you kids. Like you might, I don't know if you get away with that today in Rid of like two of them. Yeah, yeah. You know, like Bruce Willis has said, you know, Yippy ca motherfucker five times in Die Hard. Yeah. They tacked it on and diehard three, we just did that one. I do think about people like Bogart sometimes, like when I work on re watchable and you think about how famous these people were. Like when we do movies from the seventies in Redford and Newman and like they were just so, so famous and they still are famous because there's a lot of people. But then when you go way back and you go to like Sir Lawrence, Olivia, this is the reason I was thinking about it.


'cause he's a marathon man. We did that one. And he is one of the most famous actors in the world, right? And he was married to Vivian Lee who was the lady and gone with the wind and was like one of the great stage actor was dead by like 54. And I was thinking like Vivian Lee probably one of the two, three biggest actresses for 20 years. Right? No longer discussed. Not in the mix in 2025 in any, there's no conversations like there, there's some sort of shelf life for when you're just not discussed anymore. Right. Ava Gardner, you go like, I don't know what it is. Like the Mariska Harte has this documentary now about Jane Mansfield who probably not discussed unless there's documentary.


But it does make you think like, all right, I'm gonna die someday and then everybody's gonna forget who you were. Not you, there'll be Doc. No, they'll gonna forget me. I'll be five years after there'll be a Doc. Chris Ryan's gonna be old in a rocking chair and be like, he wasn't the easiest to get along with, but it was worth it. They've been a lot of people like Bill was Bill, when they say my name twice, you know, bill was Bill like the man Ramirez. Coer. So Casablanca, that's your recommendation. And it is, It's, it is pretty cool. Like when you think about, all right, Bogart is this mysterious guy who's in occupied, you know, Africa and yet there's the dueling, the Vichy and you've got the Nazis and he's kind of his own man.


He is almost like this Han Solo type and it's Bogart who's not exactly the most dashing guy ever. And yet I was reading about 'em after the fact because I was trying to figure out like if there's a biography that it was worth, I'm sure there's plenty of really good ones. But like for me to do a biography on somebody, I'm like I don't really like doing that all that much anymore. But then the Duke of all people, John Wayne being like that was the leading man that like I thought about when I pursued my career and like to your point, yeah like you can say, Hey man, Bogart was really famous and I remember like the first time I saw African Queen it was like, you know, a movie my parents wouldn't turn off or something when I was a really young kid being like, this movie sucks. But then even as a kid I kept, 'cause you know, we didn't have any channels back then. It was just on tv.


I think there's three channels. And even as a kid I was like, man, this African queen like kind of crazy. Like this is a crazy movie and he's so good at being the perfect like, you know, she would've never thought she'd be with him. Yeah. You know, a lot of the the standard kind of like rulemaking that you have in storytelling and there is something to Casablanca that certainly, you know, holds up in the sense that it wasn't just this super simple straightforward love story of will they or won't they? And with the backdrop of him owning his cafe and everything, it was just cool. I, I hadn't seen it in like forever. And so yeah, we're real. It's Funny how I wish I wa I watched Sabrina a couple months ago with Audrey Hepburn.


Right? That's the one they did on the vineyard with Harrison Ford. Yeah, they redid it. Yeah, this was the original one, Which They got tons of shoutouts today. Yeah. That movie is just when you watch it like just through the context of now. But when they made it back then it's kind of amazing. And just the premise of it. It's just like great story. Two brothers, she was always where her family worked for this super rich family. Yeah. But It worked. She always had a crush. She always has had a crush on one of the brothers. He never realized it was it Kind of cocktail. Right. She went away, she went away to and then came back a woman and the brother didn't realize it was her and then loved her. But he was kind of a rube. It was like, I was like, this is just, they fucking nailed it with this.


Every piece of it is just really smart. It's gonna be a real out art house summer over here. 'cause I watched Lawrence of Arabia a couple weeks ago. Yeah. And you know, I don't know what's going on with me, but I was like, I'm just just gonna start running through all of these like all time classics. Well they became classics for a reason. You know, it's like yeah, why The Godfather and Jaws and movies like those movies are fucking incredible. That's why they became classics. Peter O'Toole though laying on a little thick, dialed It up a little bit. Yeah, I don hear that era. The guys were very, very over the top. Well there Were a lot of theater guys. So I would love a Lawrence of Arabia rewatch.


I don't want be on it. I want it to be UCR and fantasy. And I would love to hear just CR breaking down O'Tooles passion. Really going for it. Yeah, Well I think we're, we're doing, we did After Hours. That's coming to Monday. Oh. And then I, I think we're doing Jaws too. Ironically another vineyard. Shout out. That's the next one. One Vineyard. The vineyard's on fire right Now. You don't have any Jaws? Two thoughts. I don't Tri wouldn't do it. He wouldn't be in, Which was the terrible one? Three Jaws three It was four.


3D Three was 3D. It was Jaws 3D. That makes more sense. There's been two eras of movies when They got really excited about 3D that this is the next thing. Here we go. 3D and then people are like, nah, this kind of sucks. They tried it again. Came back. We're wrapping up. So we're back next Sunday. Do you think, what do you think the get to make one prediction for the biggest thing that will happen in the seven days before we see each other again? Just gimme a team. You don't have to make a prediction. Don't say Boston Please. No, I don't. I don't. I'll say Spurs.


I like it. That's a good one. Alright. Good to see. Ll See. All right. That's it for the podcast. Thanks to Priscilla. Thanks to Eduardo and AU as well. Don't forget new rewatch whats coming tomorrow night after hours. And then you can watch all the all the stuff from this podcast and Bill Simmons YouTube channel. And I will see you at least once more this week. Probably Wednesday, but not sure of the day yet. But you'll see me one more time this week. See you


then. Must be 21 plus in President select states for Kansas. An affiliation with Kansas Star Casino are 18 plus and President DC Gambling problem. Call 100 GAMBLER. Visit rg help.com. Call 1 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org/chat in Connecticut. Or visit md gambling help.org in Maryland. Hope is here. Visit gambling helpline ma.org or call 803 2 7 50 50 for twenty four seven. Support Massachusetts. Or call 1 8 7 7 8 Hope ny. Or Text Hope NY in New York.