
Coming up next. Are you feeling positive? Kirk Goldsberry? I'm feeling extremely positive. Bill Simmons, we are gonna go so positive on the NBA and that's next.


This episode is brought to you by Nissan. When you're younger, you're more spontaneous. You say, screw it, I'm just gonna drive cross country with my buddy. And we'll stop at a bunch of places and take pictures. You get older, you would never do something like that. Keep your spontaneity, my friends. Fuel your inner adventure with the first ever Nissan Rogue Rock Creek. From rocky trails to snowy roads, there are plenty of places to show up. This SUV thanks to its Intelligent all wheel drive, its adventure Ready design gives it a rugged flare that stands out Off-road adventure calls of the first ever Nissan Rogue Rock Creek. Visit Nissan usa.com to learn more Intelligent all wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


This episode is brought to you by State Farm. State Farm helps you score an affordable price when you choose to bundle home and auto insurance with the personal price plan. Bundling home and auto. That's a pro move. Just another way you can save on your insurance needs. Talk to a State Farm agent today to learn how you can bundle and save with the personal price plan like a good neighbor. State Farm is there. Prices are based on rating plans that vary by state coverage. Options are selected by the customer availability. Amount of discounts and savings and eligibility vary by state.


The Bill Simmons Podcast brought to you by The Ringer Podcast Network where I Put up a new re watchable last night we did Friday Night Lights. It is basically the 20th anniversary of that movie. Came out 20 years ago. Meet Mallor Rubin, one of the best football movies of all time. It's age. Really nice. Are you a fan? Kirk Goldsberry. Friday Night Lights, of course. I mean it's Texas. It's like the New Testament of Texas I think. Yeah, I love it. Well now the movie's become underrated, which is one of the things, one of the reasons wanna do that podcast. Anyway, you can watch that on the Ringer movies. You can watch it as a Spotify video podcast as well. You can watch all the videos from this podcast on the Bill Simmons YouTube channel. You can hear Kirk Goldsberry, he's popping all over the place on The Ringer NBA show.


He is written some pieces for The Ringer. He's gonna be on in one second with me because we are doing The All positive end of the year NBA podcast. It's next first our friends Pearl Jam. All right. Kirk Goldsberry is here. We are taping this on Tuesday morning, new Year's Eve, trying to put this up before everybody goes out.


And we are doing an all positive NBA podcast. Kurt the NBA's taken a lot of hits even on this podcast in a couple ways. A lot of complaining, a lot of nitpicking, a lot of people forgetting what the league was like 10 years, 20 years, 30 years ago. And holding onto some ideal of so, of something I'm not positive really existed. But what I wanna do today is no negativity at all. All the positive storylines, all the things I'm excited about. But before we get into it, do you think this is overboard with people complaining about the season this year? Because I actually feel like we hit that point about two weeks ago. Yeah, I got sick of it. It is, we're toughest though.


Everybody's going through the holidays, right? We're toughest on the ones we love the most. That's one of the things you learn as a Way to think about it. Parents. Yeah. Yeah. And we have high standards for the NBA bill, don't we? It's it's, it's a, it's a product that we cherish that's been with us for our whole lives. So I think a lot of it comes from a good place, honestly. But there's been a lot of people just waiting. I, I feel like to take shots at the NBA that have used this recent sort of news cycle as a chance to just get their grievances out and, and frankly it has, it has gotten to be a little too much. Yeah. And it, and you know, this happens with anything, this happens with bands that happens with actors, it happens with writers where you, you just become convinced things were better five years ago, 10 years ago.


And that's just the way it is. The NBA is really good right now and we're gonna go through a whole bunch of things, but I just wanna start here and we're gonna go Yeah. I asked you to come up with some, some things you wanna hit as well. I have a bunch of 'em. The number one thing I wanna hit though is just basketball is better played now than it ever was. And it's not close, it's not an argument. The players are more skilled, they shoot better, the games are more high scoring. The scoring is better in the games. The defense is better, the skill is better. I I, I would urge people to really watch closely some of these games. One of the things that's, that's changed for me just from, from a skill level that I constantly marvel at, especially, I went to a Clippers Warriors game in person a couple days ago.


The ability for people to just drive and then throw these one handed, perfectly placed passes to guys in the corner. Nobody was doing that 10 years ago. And now you have 70, like Tyler Hi is basically Joe Burrow on those. And you know, you wouldn't think of him as a good passer, but I, I'm just so impressed over and over again with how skilled these dudes are. And I don't think people see it or the people that do see it. Maybe we're not loud enough, but am I crazy thinking these guys are just better than they used to be? Hell no. In fact, I feel like somebody told me, you know, small ball was about the 2010s were about small ball. We're halfway through the 2020s here Bill.


And we might call it skill ball I think, because even the big dudes like Yoic and Embi and Webe like name a center from 2004 or 1994. Could they do anything that Yoka do maybe? And Rashid Wallace, there were some, there were some guys that were super skilled that could shoot the ball and pass and dribble, but, well It's basically Rashid Rashid was the guy everyone pointed to and said, oh my God, this guy, he can shoot from outside, he can post up. And we, we held him up to this crazy level and he was like 16 points a game. Yeah, I agree. And, and I think LeBron helped change that too. He's like, I'm going to be a a five to player to borrow the term from, from baseball. And like this generation does everything.


Everybody does everything triple pass and shoot and, and skill has never been this high. And it's one of the reasons offenses are scoring so much. It's not just the lack of defense, it's the, these offensive skills have made the offensive end almost impossible to defend. Yeah. So I think it's fair to say that the pa, the talent pool of the NBA, the 500 dudes in that league at any given time, this is the best group of 500 basketball players we've ever had. I don't even think it's close. And I also think it's probably the best top 50 we've ever had by far. Like I was looking at 2025 versus 2005. So in 2025 we're averaging 113 points a game. In 2005 we averaged 97.2 16 points less.


We we're shooting better. Now we're 46.4% field goal. We were 44.7 in 2005, three point shooting slightly better, 35.9. It was 35.6 assists. We're five higher a game. They're shooting 21 and more. Threes a game. But everyone points to that. And really we changed long twos and bad post ups for threes. And I'm fine with the trade. I would rather watch somebody shoot a three. I think when people and including me have, have complained about the NBA. And again we're trying to go all positive. There's this sameness to what they're watching and what it really is, it's not the threes to me, it's the pick for the guy 30 feet from the basket at the top.


It's the over and over again of two guys in the corner and one or two picks coming up for somebody like Tatum, whoever it is, Jalen Burts, it could be anybody. And just seeing that over and over again, the sameness of it, I think that's what people are thinking of. It's not the fact that we're shooting more threes 'cause they're making more threes and we have more skilled players. I don't know how you fix the sameness and I'm not sure I care. Where do you stand on that? I think they gotta move the line. And again, I'm staying positive here, but you, you started with the, the guys throwing to the corner. Well one of the reasons those guys are so good at throwing to the corner every trip down that there's two guys in the corners the whole time. Every time. Yeah. You know that wasn't true. There's just guys there. Right.


I I don't think, and we're probably gonna talk about Yoic and Weby and, and Shea. I mean if you're really watching the game, there's not that much sameness. I agree. And again, and you started the podcast by talking about like people forgot what we were watching like dump it down to McHale or Parrish or Mike Jinky. Like you have to remember this wasn't Jordan and Bird every night. Sometimes it was the Mavericks and bullets and there used to be some pretty repetitive actions in the post up era, the NBA that weren't fantastic so to speak. So I think it is relatively fair, but it's not new to say that the NBA is kind of homogenous at times. Well and the other thing and one of the things that I think has been so great about this season, we have so many good guards, you know, and I look back to like that first half of the two thousands when everyone was complaining and I was doing my bid about how I was one of the last 20 NBA fans, even the guys that were the best guys, they were all like doing Jordan imitations to some degree.


There were these guards that had the ball for a shitload. And even you look at the The All NBA and The All Stars from that, it was like that was the Gilbert Arena, Sarah that was tmac with the ball at the time. That was Kobe with the ball all the time. That like that was why we latched onto Steve Nash and the Sun so much because the style they were playing was different. Wade had the ball at the time, LeBron had the ball at the time, but it wasn't the same kind of smart offense we have now that 'cause the spacing was the same. You had these guys that had the ball at the time, but they're also playing with center clock in the lane and you know, power. We had power forwards back then they kind of didn't know where to put them 'cause they couldn't space. You had like the Vin Bakker, Antoine Walker, like these guys that were just, I guess Antoine could shoot some through.


So Matomy people trying to figure out how to use these, these big guys and now those big guys can pop out and they can do popping picks and I just think the product's better. I don't, I don't think there's, go back and watch, go on YouTube, right? And watch just a random 2005 regular season game. We were all like, what are we gonna do about this league? This is bad. How do we fix this? And I think they fixed a lot of it and to me it's a positive, not a negative. Yeah, the three point line has made basketball a lot better. The 2010s brought us pace and space. D'Antoni had the, had the controls for those sons teams but also that sort of heliocentric offense in Houston that really figured out how to sort of spam a superstar over and over and over again.


But to great effect to make their offense some of the best in the N-B-A-I-I don't always love Harden. I know Resc and I vibe on that point. I don either. Yeah I don't need that. But aligning that hyper usage superstar, that guard that skill with spacing and smart plays and high screen and roles has been effective and made possessions more successful in general. But I think the game is more open and if you like scoring it, it's definitely more fun to watch now than an average NBA game. And this is, again, it's something I've been noticing like Jordan this Jordan that Jordan was only one of, you know, one of 30 teams, right? So an average NBA game in the nineties was not, I'm not gonna call Jordan. Yeah. And I think people forget that Bill.


It's like the replacement level game from the nineties was not a great product. Well I have, this is another thing I have which ties into this, the watchable basketball across the board. I think people really take for granted now, and I would urge people to go back and look at the bottom like rung of teams in 2015. Like that was when we had Philly in the process or in 2005 you just had these broken teams that were stuck with these terrible salary cap roster decisions, right? You had like the Marbury Knicks, you had the Celtics stuck with Paul Pierce and Ricky Davis and Vin Baker's terrible contract which turned into Ray La Francis.


Terrible contract. You go around the league, even like LeBron was stuck on a terrible Cavs team for you know, three years. You go around the league there was 10 to 15 unwatchable teams. I look at the bad teams now and the bad teams. Portland, Charlotte, Washington, new Orleans, Toronto, Utah. I can watch all of those teams. Yeah. I like watching Utah. New Orleans is the most fascinating five in 28 team I think we've ever had in the history of the league. Like I watched 'em last night play right down to the wire against the Clippers. Charlotte's got Lalo and Brandon Miller, Portland where where our just a barrier is, is located now. Like Portland's fun to watch.


They've got a lot of weird pieces. They have guys who could spring for 35 at an eight compared to where we were 10 years ago. It's no contest. The league is so much deeper and more entertaining. Do you see that too? Is there anybody I'm missing? No, I was just saying the average league pass game right now is way better than it's ever been way I I at tonight, tonight's game we have Clippers. Spurs. That's not a bad game. Mby. We have Timberwolves and OKC. That's a great game. Grizzlies. It's Suns, that's a great game. Calves at Lakers, that's a great game. That's just tonight. Those are your, those are your options on New Year's Eve. If you're gonna watch a game before you go out, that's a great set of games. And again, we can't just judge everything by, oh Jordan versus the Knicks was incredible in the nineties.


Well the Mavs versus the Bullets was not, and I think the average NBA game in 2024 as we hit 2025 is a very good product relative to where we came from. I remember the first year I did countdown, there weren't five playoff teams you wanted to see, like I remember it was either 2013 or 14, there was just some bulls net series that felt like it was going on for five weeks. You know, that was in 2013. We had Memphis make the conference finals with that like Zebo, ge, Saul, nobody could make a three. They had no spacing at all. There was some good stuff too, like the 2014 Spurs were just, you know, a revelation and really great.


And I think when people think about basketball before we moved into this three crazy era, the the the 2014 spurs and especially what they did to Miami, that's kind of the ideal for the old way of basketball that tied to the 1970 Knicks and the 74 Celtics and the, you know the Russell Celtics, there's ball movement, everything built around a big guy guards who could attack those days are over because everybody can shoot threes down and we're just not gonna have a team like the 2014 Spurs again. But I would urge people to go back, even Miami who had LeBron during this incredible MVP heat check run and Wade and Bosch, they're pretty tough to watch in 2014, right?


They, they could barely put together seven guys. Now all the best teams have seven or 11 guys, you know, Pritchard's the seventh guy in the Celtics and could score 25 any night. So I just think it's no contest right now. Yeah, I agree. I think the 2014 Spurs probably my favorite basketball team in my life. That's a special team for me. Beautiful game. Good to great manu, Tim Kauai all firing on all cylinders. It was Was a great team, great chemistry. Yeah, not ancient history but sort of becoming old school. And I think that team was as deep as it gets to remember their bench. The foreign region had a bunch of international players, they were ahead of their time with ball movement, player movement and this international stuff.


But spectacular aesthetics on the court. It's probably an unfair standard for an average NBA team. Again an average game. But yeah, like the games I mentioned tonight, those are great. The Cavs don't just stay there. They're playing with a lot of movement. They're great on both ends of the floor. And then you get to watch the Lakers. So LeBron play in Cleveland, there's just great games, great players almost every, every, every game tonight for instance, I think. I think the league's in a good place. Did you have the Cavs on your list? I didn't but I have a related one. What do you got on the Cavs bill? I just, they killed Golden State last night. Yeah, the Cs are 27 and four. They're like when we're talking about the, in The All positive NBA podcast, the Cavs are just great to watch in a lot of ways they've, they inverted what the Celtics did last year where instead of being built around these two great wings, like the Celtics were with three point shooting and defense, they inverted it where they're built around these two great guards with three point shooting and with defense.


And if you, if you're not ready for them on the wrong night or you think you're ready for them but you're not or they're hitting shots, they're basically unbeatable. I don't know how this is gonna translate to the playoffs yet but, but the fact that we have them an OKC who is on a winning streak right now, who's gonna win 60 plus games, who's just a regular season monster and then the sleeping giant Celtics team who just clearly is on cruise control now until March, April. But then some of the other teams we have like the, just the depth of contenders at the top and the unpredictability of figuring out, even though I'm in the, oh it's gonna be KC Boston camp but like I watched Cleveland last night, I'm like the Cleveland's gonna be tough.


Like Boston's gotta get their shit together. Yeah, Cleveland's probably getting into one seed. Boston's gonna have to win a playoff game in a series in Cleveland and that team is about as confident as it gets right now. So I would throw them in too in The All positive pod. Yeah and I, I would say, you know, we got on here before the season I said hey look out for Cleveland. I think they could get the two seed and right now like obviously if the season ends today the, there's one seed and then the other team I put in there and one of the general themes of the, of the first part of this, the east isn't as bad as we thought it was in the first few weeks. And the other team I gotta put in there is the New York Knicks. Yeah and that's our sort of a related one here Bill, let's go is the NBA is so much better when the New York Knicker blockers are good and MSG is hosting games in April and May Bing BB they've won nine of their last 10.


Their defenses come around, their starting five slash closing five is legit. They could pass the Celtics depending on how your team does on this road trip in early 2025. They could be the two seed here in a few days. But I think the East has three very good teams. I'm with you. I'm still taking Boston. I think they're tired from the Olympics and their playoff run last year. But I think the Cleveland Cavaliers and the New York Knicks, we could sort of pair these and be like, look, east Coast basketball is good and if Philly has a pulse now and can come around in Milwaukee's, good look. The East has as many good teams as the West right now period. And I wasn't saying that at the beginning of the year and I think it's good for the league and its ratings when the Eastern time zone has some good basketball.


So I think it's, if we loop all this together, I think it's a really good storyline for the league in 2025 that the east is pretty good. Well and don't count at the zombie magic of course they're just kind of wandering around in in a dark empty building with like it's Tristan DeSilva and he's like fucking where'd this guy come from? You know the Knicks that they're a half game behind the Celtics. All the Celtic fans I know including myself, are very focused on it. They have two players playing just outta control. Fantastic. And I wanna talk about them in a little bit. The big thing for them is they got Bridges going. Yeah. And I remember saying at the start of the year, I don't know, three weeks in, I was like, what was the point of this Bridges trade?


If they're just gonna make him this accessory that stands in the corner, like this is a really good offensive player who's, we've watched him carry a Nets team a couple years ago and they would actually run CrunchTime stuff. Why are they just kind of sticking him over there? You look at his November stats, he was, you know, 14.7 points a game, 29% from three he took in November 15 games. How many free throws do you think think he took? He should average two A games I'd say 30. Yeah, he took six. So I look at that and I'm just like, you're just playing in this guy in the corner. And that was what the eye test was backing him up.


But in December it really seems like they tried to get him involved. He had that big day last week, but he's at 21 and a half a game now And it, it's, he's kind of moved into that, him and Anna Nobie kind of sharing that number three score thing. Some of that's predictable but some of it you know, was, seemed pretty bleak for him in November. It's like what are we doing with this guy? Especially with everything you gave up now, I think they, they've figured out at least the four they, they're, the thing that worries me about them is there's gonna be a couple buyout guys in February and that's a number one buyout candidate team because you're going to a team that has a chance to make the finals you're gonna play, you get to be in New York City.


You know that if I'm making like buyout destination, if I'm whoever I'm looking at them, It's too bad there's not a Villanova Center that they could put next to town. So I don't think they had, But yeah, that's who else has on that team Is Chris Jenkins available? That's exactly right. But that's it in all seriousness, if like I love OKC 'cause they have two different front court looks when Chet's, right and Hartstein, right? Yeah. I feel like that that's the weakness right now. Especially against Zenga or Giannis. They need, and I'm not sure what Mitchell Robinson's gonna bring come playoff time, but if they could get a real sturdy five, they're not gonna get a go bear. But just a traditional five that could let them go big, play big against some of these rim pressuring teams, especially in Milwaukee or Philadelphia.


I think they're in great shape now. Their defense is already, I think it's number two in the last 10 games. They've won nine of those 10 games. Their defense is good. I just, if they really want to get over the Hump bill, I think they need to have a couple of different looks in that front court. And right now that's sort of the weakness with towns only maybe a little Mitch Robinson in there. I think they need, they miss Hartenstein, somebody like that. If they could get on the biomarker or even in trade market, somebody could come in and give them a traditional five up upfront. I wanna keep going on the Knicks, but let's take a break. All right, two more things on the Knicks that tie into what you said about why this has been a good season and in The All positive NBA podcast. We have to keep going on this one.


Towns last two years, 21 8 rebounds. He was 50 40 guy. I kind of felt like he had maxed out from a potential standpoint, but it was hard to tell how much had to do with go bear being on the court with him. He was always 25 feet from the basket on offense. Ant was starting to have the ball a lot And it was like, well maybe on this next team there's a case if you're playing him as like the stretch five. But he also has this rebounding block shop burden. Maybe. Maybe there's something else here. Well there's something else here. He's 24 and a half points, 13.5 rebounds, 55% field goal, 45% from three eye test wise, the most fun I've had watching him and the concerns we had in the summer about, ah, this guy in New York, I don't know man, he's a little weird.


I this kid, there's a version of this where this goes bad. It's been the, this is actually, they brought out the best in him and I think they've really responded to him and I think they have a great fan base. I think they understand like, let's constantly get this guy going. Let's really be super duper, super duper supportive of him and it's working and this is the most fun I've had watching him play basketball on top of the Brunson piece and how good those guys are playing off each other already. You know? And that's only gonna get better as the season goes. So gigantic wind, did you see this from towns? Had you given up? No, this team, this front office has made me feel dumb over and over again.


I didn't, I didn't love the Brunson deal, I didn't hate it by any means, but I certainly didn't see that coming. And then the trade, I thought I'd like to trade better for Minnesota. Yeah, hand up and credit to towns credit to Leon Rose, credit to Tom Thibodaux, they've won that trade. I think hands down the bridges trade again looked like a disaster there for a few weeks. I'm not sure I love it to this point given how much they gave up. But this team now looks very good and all of those, all those transactions look great. The, the, the Bridges wanna, I'll, I'll reserve some judgment for it until we, till we fully see it. But towns I didn't see this.


I was worried about him in the New York media as well. I'm still worried about him as the primary interior defender in the playoffs. Like I said, I think that's a fair point to sort of hold back. Yeah. But towns and company have proved me wrong. They've built this team and an era where trades and free agency are sort of less powerful than ever and the best teams team tend to be building with the draft more. The New York Dicks sort of built this team from other teams players and it's very good and I, I think they deserve credit for it. But it's, it's working very well, bill. They took a real gamble with how expensive that deal was And it, you're like, and we talked about it last summer. I didn't love the deal for either team. It made more sense from a talent standpoint for the Knicks, but the money was so disarming.


You just look at it and you're like, man, if we miss on this, there's no moves left man. We are, we are now pushing all the chips in. But it worked out and it's been great and I really like towns, even though he is such a dumb ass sometimes on the court. And we would always, Ella and I would always make fun of him during the playoffs 'cause he would just, you know, get the fifth foul in the third quarter and the worst but 40 feet from the basket just bumping over somebody on a pick. But he seems like a good guy and by all accounts he is. And you could see when he came back to Minnesota, You know, what he meant to the franchise, but just how his Nicks teammates reacted to him in Minnesota when they showed the video. It's just like clearly really liked.


And I'm just glad it worked out because we've seen this league, a lot of these guys sometimes when it feels like they can go either way from a talent standpoint, sometimes it goes the wrong way. Like you look at Zion right now leading to the second thing, this, this I also love about the league and The All positive NBA podcast Dallas not locking, locking up Jalen Brunson Leads to this amazing kind of sliding doors, Domino's situation. It leads to Brunson in New York and all of these other things that happen with them where they become a really fun, legitimate contender for a fan base that's needed it for 20 years.


It eventually leads to Kyrie in Dallas and him rejuvenating his career. And I, you know, being one of the 15 to 20 most fun guys to watch in the league, again, I, I'd given up on that. It happened, it caused a Brooklyn rebuild because Kyrie had a chance to go to Dallas, right? So that leads to whatever and, and, and and them trading Kyrie and kd. So why is the Brooklyn rebuild important? Because Donovan Mitchell who wanted to go to New York City and I will die on that hill, had nowhere to go. Brunson goes to the Knicks, becomes the guy, well he can't go there. Brooklyn sucks.


Well what, what am I gonna go there for? And you kind of it, it's like You know what you got, you don't know what you don't have. And he is looking around this Cleveland team and it's like, man, this team's really good. Maybe I should, maybe I should stop thinking about what's next and just kind of lock it down here. Signs the extension, now they become a legitimate contender. That team falls into place. That team's super selfless. And I honestly, as weird as it sounds, I think it starts with the Brunson thing. And now we have a next legitimate contender. We have Kyrie as, as a piece of a finals team last year. We have the Cavs as a legitimate contender and Brooklyn as the most fun summer team next summer. Yeah, that's a great take. I love that.


And I think like the Western conference talent like Bronson, Donovan, Mitchell and Towns going from west to east, we talked about how yeah, that Helps us Cel the Celtics of the favors. But the Eastern Conference needed, needed a talent infusion. And I think these transactions sort of bolstered again, the Cavaliers are a story of, of Donovan Mitchell going to Cleveland and then this Knick team has two really big Western conference imports at the top. Yeah. Of the box score every night. So I think that those transactions, that's a great point. So now who can we get from the Western conference to move east next Bill? I mean I, it's like Zion's So much more Zion's next. There you go. Who can save Zion? One other thing with Brunson and then you're up next with positive.


I I'm just in disbelief how good Brunson is. And I think we take it for granted now in a way because he's just does it night after night with this herky jerky, these different spots of the court. His ability even at the end of games to always get the shot he wants, the crunch time stats with him are outta control. Like John Schumann had in his power ranking thing yesterday that Brunson, he, he was on a crunch time streak where his usage rate was like 46%, which is like, you know, 98 finals Jordan not, not as high as as that. And over and over again, teams know what they're gonna do and he gets the shot he wants. I actually liked the signing for them when they, when they got him.


'cause I really liked Brunson. I also never in a million years thought he was gonna be this good. I thought he could be the piece of a really good team. Maybe the, maybe the the best guard on a contender, not this. And you watch him night to night and all the other guys kind of make sense as Cru awesome CrunchTime guys. Even somebody like Sha it's very old school, he's just gonna get, he's either gonna get to the rim or he is gonna get like his little 12 to 15 spot. I've seen that, I've seen there are guys in the seventies that did that. The Brunson thing. I don know if I've seen before that like his arsenal of weird shots and, and herky jerky, he'd be a fucking nightmare to defend. Anyway, I wanted to mention that.


Yeah, He's also a great, you know, a sort of rebuke of the idea that everybody plays the same, here's this undersized guard going and playing two feet in the paint. Like John Wooden is his coach, right? And doing all these pivots and drop steps and floaters and pull ups and he's just so talented and so smart with, he's the Kevin McHale footwork as a guard. That's a great point in the paint. And it's, it's brilliant to watch. But dude, if the, if the Mavs knew that this guy was gonna be putting up 50 in playoff games, I think they would've had a different whiteboard strategy before they let him go. I think he would still be in Dallas. Nobody saw this coming. I don't think the Knicks knew he could do this. And of course they should say they did, right?


But man, he's been a revelation. And the other thing I'd say just on the Knicks is it's not only they're good, you mentioned this earlier, the vibes are immaculate and they're a fun, they're a fun group of guys. It's a fun team to watch. Might be hard for a Celtics fan to admit, but it's sort of a neutral No, i I I like the Knicks. I because they're fans, they have great fans and they have a great building and the league's better when the Knicks are involved. So, and I hope we see Jalen Brunson play in your team and the conference semis between Boston and and New York. That would be absolutely a dream come true for the Eastern Conference playoffs this year. It's an awesome, awesome, awesome matchup. And I, the, the fear for me is just the miles they've had to put on Al Horford already combined with Pingus who just can't seem to play two games in a row.


You know, I think the Seltz matchup great with them and in a way that's probably the team. The Knicks wouldn't, I would think definitely the team the Knicks wouldn't wanna face because they just have these guards that they can throw at Brunson. They can counter towns with their own stretch fives and then they have these wings that are better than the Knicks wings. But we might not ever see that Celtics team this year. I mean I, I I, again this is The All positive NBA pod, but you really need luck with health. And they had luck with Jalen and and Tatum all decade. You know, they got luck with Pingus for the most part. They were able to get to the playoffs and get just enough out of 'em to make it. They got luck with White and Horford and we know with the NBA, like you can't count on that year to year.


So gimme another one. Gimme an all positive. The future is French Bill Simmons. The future is French and it's, it's temporarily stationed in San Antonio, Texas. Victor Wema, we have LeBron James at age 40. We have Nikola Jokic turning 30 in a few days or a month I think. And Weby is 20 and Weby is giving us a very clear next up. It doesn't mean he'll be the only one but this dude is special. There's no, there's no other way to look at it. Everything is clicking. You know, he was very hyped like LeBron coming in. But I think Victor Wembanyama is poised to be the next greatest player in the NBA at some point in the next five years.


I couldn't agree more. The gold medal game was a great sign by him. The Christmas day Nick's game was a great sign by him. I had him down as well for, for the draft. I wrote down Wendy's slow burn into a potential monster crunch time guy Weby to me has turned into when I'm home watching NBA if he's in the fourth quarter and it's close, he's on a TV now. And it, that wasn't the case last year. Last year. It was more of like, that team's a mess. It really makes me mad that I don't have a point guard. If he does something cool, I'll see it on social media this year. It's kind of like now that Chris Paul, which you know, go figure they needed a point guard and he's, he's almost my age but still knows what to do, how to get him the ball in the right spots.


But his last 18, he is 29 and 10. Good sign, 50 40, 87, Dang. 4.1 blocks a game and the nitpick is 4.6 free throws a game versus 11 threes a game. And that's gonna be the tilt that I'm watching for at the end of these games. Because what's so much fun to watch in these crunch times is where they get in the ball and then what he does and he still has that, like sometimes he plays lower than his size. You know, he'll do like these turnarounds where his, he's like falling down or he is, you know, I, I think once he eventually realizes just I'm gonna get eight feet from the basket, get me the ball, I'm taller than everyone, I'm just gonna get a good shot.


But it's really fun watching him figure it out. The, the last time I, I'm going back 40 years but s Samson the first couple years on the Rockets in one Bama, pretty similar offensively except for the three point shooting. But Samson had the same stuff. Like he was just figuring out what his body was. He had some really good stuff. He was always around the rim in big in big moments and he was kind of nice around the foul line and then he got hurt and we kind of never saw where it was gonna go with Webe. The thing, the thing that I'm watching for as the season keeps going, they're a 500 team. We had them I think under 35 for the season. They're clearly gonna be in the playoff mix 'cause he's just too good.


They ask up some trades to make potentially. But what I wanna watch from him is the last 5, 6, 7 minutes of the game. Where are your shots coming from? Are you just gonna settle for threes? Are you gonna start figuring out I need to be six, seven feet from the basket and around the rim on rebounds and stuff like that. What have you been watching from him with the evolution of that over the last year? He is so much more comfortable on the basketball court. Specifically on the offensive end. I still think the biggest growth there is in the two point area as well. I think he needs to to to have a couple of just signature moves. Like not a somber shuffle, not necessarily Euro step, but he should be able to develop some footwork.


And we talked about Brunson just if he had a little bit more footwork and some go-to moves like we can all picture Michael or Kobe go into one of their go-to shots. Dirk like what's that gonna be for him? I don't know what that is, but once he gets it look out. So I'm watching that he turns 21 this week. Nobody in league history has ever an average three made three. It's fucking Crazy. Crazy. How is he not 21 yet? Him and my daughter Crazy's boyfriend turning 21 in the same week. That's just nuts to me. Yeah, so he is, he's, nobody's ever made three threes in average, three blocks a game. He's at four blocks and easily three three. So that, that's his signature thing. He's gonna be a three point shooter but what can he do inside New York I think is where his big growth area is.


I think he'll also usher in, you sort of alluded to this, a new rivalry in fba. I know it's a little early but like 2027 World Cup 2028 Olympics. You know Fran, France is gonna be loaded and they're gonna be younger and he's gonna be great. I think there's gonna be a new France USA rivalry in these big competitions. I love true patriot. True, true patriot. Kirk Goldsberry is one of my favorite. Kirk Golds spurs always cape an eye on the gold medal and feba, Well I, I you know, I work for team USAI love international basketball like you know, Fe Feba is a great product and I think we all enjoyed the Olympics. I remember talking to RC Buford after the Olympics and he, I say RC, what was that like?


He was like the perfect cow outcome. Weby almost once. So he's coming back angry. Yeah. And my, my country won. So a lot of Spurs, people love that. He almost won but not quite. And I think he has a chance when he is what, 23, 24 to do what Manu did, which is upset Goliath on the international stage and really become a special different level international player. But ultimately as it relates to this season, they're better than I thought they were largely because of him Bill. Yeah, I do think they're sort of where LeBron was in year two, kind of a dicey playoff team. Nobody expects much but ahead of schedule. So I think the Spurs are thrilled with where he is.


But a team that makes more sense than those first couple years of LeBron teams. I mean he inherited such a bad roster those first couple years. They, they spent three years just trying to extricate themselves from these awful roster decisions. And I think that oh six season was the kind of the first time it was like, all right, this kind of looks like a team that LeBron should have wimpy's further along. They also, they have some possible trade stuff if they wanted, I, my big thing if they made me the wimpy consultant, he needs to figure out where his like three spots on the floor are. Right? And I thought this was something when Duncan came into the league and he came in as a finished product almost. 'cause he had been in college for four years but he had his spots right?


He was, he had right block, jump hook. He had that left, left a little bit further away, 10, 11 feet where he could shoot that bank shot or drive to the lane and hit the jumper like he knew where his spots were. Weby spots are basically the three point line and then he's showing signs of a possible Dirk foul line something. But I don't know if he even knows what it is yet. Remember like how long it took Dirk to just figure out like top of the key, this is my domain now I am, I'm now grabbing this and taking it and I don't, for me the Weby spot I think would be the left block where he could either shoot a bang shot or a little 10 footer or go into the lane with a little running jump hook and I don't know how you would defend it but he hasn't figured that out yet.


Yeah, I have never thought about it in these terms, but it's like, okay, post play's kind of dead here comes like the best big man of a generation. How is he gonna get two point shots? And I love the Timmy, you know, the bank shot from the left side, you know, and bead is the free throw line face up guy and Beat's a good one and bead took eight years to figure out where his spot was and it's free throw line. Yeah and I don't know, there's no manual, there's no like George mic and tutorial video on how to to drop step and get a half hook. 'cause we're not doing that anymore. So we, it's a, it's a cool thing again in The All positive podcast is like how is this guy gonna figure it out? He clearly has the tools. Yeah but there's no manual to learn from here. Maybe it's Mbed a little bit, maybe it's Yoic a little bit, but I think he has a higher ceiling as a score is as crazy as this than those guys do.


You hear the basketball hoops. So I don't know how he's gonna get there, but that is, I think we're vibing on that. That's the same thing. What is his signature two point move gonna be? Bill? I like the foul line area for him too because we saw it with Dirk, we saw it with Embi. We've seen him with a couple others just 'cause it's really hard to like send a second guy. You know, you can almost create enough space there where you can pass either corner. You got like a guard over there. So maybe that'll be it. I'd love to see them find one more guy just for the record. Alright, well Well I just say shout one last thing, like shout out to Brian Wright and RC and all those guys forgetting grownups in that like Harrison Barnes and Chris Paul, right? It really did let this happen.


So let's, they do have another level to get to and it's gonna require some good front office craft to, to build this team around him. Yeah, there's, they have to be staring at Fox a little bit. I agree. That would be the guy I would be at least having a meeting about when we get back after New Year's. Like, all right, hey guys, one 30, we're gonna have our one and a half hour at the Aaron Fox meeting and we've had our best three scouts watch this last 20 games and what would this look like with Columbia? You gotta talk that out and really figure it out because this is a top 20 guy that might become available in a month. You know, my next one for The All positive NBA podcast and I couldn't be more delighted.


I've already talked about them on the pod in the past so we don't have to spend too much time on it. But the Atlanta Hawks graduating from fantasy team that just made trades that Woody Johnson's kids would make for the Jets. And we were like, we'll just put Deonte Murray and Trey Young together by the way I trade that I, I kind of liked when they did it. I, at the time I thought Deonte Murray still played defense but came to find out he didn't. The way they crafted this team putting Trey with all these wings and all these interchangeable guys on defense who can help him in some ways. Or you know, the Daniels Murray trade, which was the trade of the year and maybe the trade of the last couple years.


The Reese, she pick who I just really like Reese Che. I liked him in the preseason. I like him during the season. He's 19 years old. He is playing 24 minutes a game. I don't know if you saw their comeback against Indiana when they scored 50 in the fourth quarter. No, Reese Sahe was a big part of that. The, so they have two centers who basically can just rebound and finish LOBs and that's it. And it's a team that was architected. I'm gonna make up that word correctly and I just wanna appreciate the moment because so many like look at the Kings, you go the other way. We could talk about them in The All negative NBA pod, but the King's doing all the fantasy basketball moves.


Like de DeMar de Rosa maybe has stuff left in the tank and on and on and on and now they're a mess. Atlanta. Like just really smartly crafting a team that can exact the most outta Trey Young because they couldn't, they knew they didn't really have a chance to, Trey Young had no value anymore. He was, they weren't gonna be able, you're basically just selling 'em off for 40 cents on the dollar. All the moves they made were great and the fact that Hunter turned out to be a guy kind of belatedly. Yeah, I just really like the team. They're 18 and 15 now and I think they're, I think they're a team that's not gonna be a playing team. I think they're gonna be one of the six playoff teams. I see, I see the same thing for them. They're 11 and four in their last 15 playing pretty good on both sides of the ball.


Landry Fields, Kyle Corver great front office moves. I think the Deonte trade, the original one was, it didn't turn out very well. But then sort of getting the edit undo and getting back Dyson Daniels and Draft Capital has completely, completely refreshed the outlook in Atlanta. I think Trey Young still has something to give. He's a terrific offensive player and if you surround him with four great defensive players, you have a chance to to, to be able to hide him on the defensive end. And that's what this current sort of flock of wings lets them do. Obviously Dyson Daniels deserves all the shine for defensive player of the year candidacy.


He is a Great Did you, did you see this with him? No, I don't think New Orleans did either. It's again, it's sort of like Brunsons. Like if, if freaking New Orleans knew they had this, they would've straight him. So I don't think anybody knew it. I mean right. We always, he was always kind of interesting in the draft because he had the size and the athleticism and sort of this quirky playmaking thing. But I don't think anybody knew he could do this. I don't think anybody, I don't think Atlanta knew he could do this. It Just didn't seem like he could shoot. It always seemed like he had quick hands and he was something. Yeah, but this is crazy to watch. I mean you could argue just Murray for Daniels would've made sense but yeah, he's, I it was really interesting watching him guard LeBron a couple weeks ago.


Yeah. Was, I mean little LeBron got one that chase down block Guy. Yeah. That was the one guy where this, it was like, okay, well maybe you might be the best defensive perimeter guy in the league, but if somebody's 6 9 2 70, that might still be a problem for you. But it seems like everybody else where he's really tough and what the Nick should watch out for us, if we get Nick's Hawks in like a round one and Daniel's on Brunson is bad for the Knicks. Like that's just flat out not good. Oh and like don't forget Trey Young, you know, rolling the dice on the Knicks logo and he, he, he loves going up to that building. I mean again, the Eastern Conference, here we are again, positive podcast. The Eastern Conference is not, it is not the dumpster fire.


We thought it was like early in the season bill in Atlanta. 11 and four in their last 15 Dyson Daniels has, has recharged their defensive identity. They have Che, they're letting him grow. Deandre Hunter, as you mentioned, is great a Congo. They just have an identity. Lint Snyder deserves some love here too. Figuring it out on the fly and maybe finding a playoff. Is there Some love for his wardrobe and his look too time? I cut to him on the sidelines, I'm like, is this a bit, what's he doing? But does Jacoby call it the Sally Jesse Raphael Glasses? I think the Great Barrier Thief is one of the great nicknames in the contemporary runway.


I couldn't agree more. Great Barrier Thief. I Don Dunno who came up with that, but kudos. Can I give you, what do you think Atlanta's over under as I FanDuel right now? They're 18 and 15. Oh So we're, I should so wins because they update the wins. What do you think they're, because I bet this twice and I might go back for thirds. What do you think it is right now? 43 and a half. 42 and a half. Me, they're over. I guess To me they're top six teams. So right now it's Cleveland, Boston Knicks Zombie, the Zombie Magic at 2014 LA's fifth and Milwaukee sixth. 'cause they just had the, you know, they've had the Damiana stuff, so they're only 16 and 14.


And then underneath them is Miami, Indiana, Chicago, Detroit, Philly. Lurking now at 13 and 17 with a chance to get to 500 if, we'll see. They have a, a tough schedule in January. I'll be interested to see how many games a beat actually plays, but I think Atlanta's gonna be a top 16 Quick Philly inter loop. What is, what is your takeaway from that Christmas game as a Boston guy? I just thought Philly played that game like it was a game seven and Boston played it like it was another game in the schedule and it's gonna happen. I didn't think that much away from it. I think that's a great point. And I think that's what Boston, they're gonna get that every night. I think Indiana got 'em again. They, they're getting everybody's best.


Welcome to a title defense. This is one of the reasons it's hard. Everybody's like, oh okay, let's bring our A game. So yeah, Celtics, I don't think they were, yeah, I don't think they were ready for what was gonna happen. They, here's the Celtic stretch coming up that I'm gonna be really interested in Thursday at Minnesota, Friday at Houston, Sunday at Oklahoma City, Tuesday at Denver. And we're gonna have a much better idea after those games. They'll play two awesome games, probably have one shitty game and then one either or game would be my guess. But last year they would've ripped through and won all four of those games. And that's the difference with la last year's team had a chip on its shoulder.


They wanted to rip through the schedule. Every time they lost it felt like an accident. This year we'll see like could they go on four on those? I wouldn't be surprised. Let's, let's take a break and then have a couple more for you. Alright. The All positive NBA podcast returns with Kurt Goldberg's. Next one. What do you got Inside the NBA is perfect sports television and we've seen it be saved from potential doom. It was doomed. Bill Simmons the inside, the NBA was was left for dead there for a few months. And you know, I got a chance to visit with those guys in Atlanta when I was doing those data casts and I love it. I think I speak for millions of NBA fans.


Unlike the NFL, unlike Major league baseball, NBA fans have this incredible pre and postgame show and I think, you know, there was the world's worst take a couple weeks ago that it was actually bad for the NBA that that's terrible. Charles Barkley is probably the goat sports media guy since Madden probably. And I just love that we have this Turner crew and this TNT crew and I'm, I'm happy that we're gonna have it going forward. I have no notes. I do worry about them a little bit with how ESPN does basketball and whether they'll have enough time to actually do content before, during, and after games. We'll Find out. Yeah, I think I, I share some of that concern as a veteran.


I think the Turner people share some of that concern too. Alright, my next one for The All positive NBA pod Brooklyn as an old school tanking trade machine team. They said it couldn't be done with the second apron era. They said, they said the Picasso of the trade machine wouldn't be able to paint during February. Well guess what? Brooklyn's already made two trades. They have this giant Ben Simmons expiring. They have a determined thing to be bad. They have Cam Johnson who I think there's gonna be a little bit of a fun bidding war and he actually is a tradable contract.


Don't sleep on Nick Claxton. Maybe you know, he's a contract in the low mid twenties as a rim protector kind of AlleyOOP guy. Like could Atlanta turn Capella into Nick Claxton? I don't even know if that makes them better. But there's stuff like that floating around with them. But then big picture, if they do this correctly, I mean let's say I think they're definitely trading Cam Johnson, he's 28 years old. They should, they definitely wanna get worse. If they also traded Claxton they'd be like $120 million under the cap heading into the summer. Which now gives everybody leverage. Like somebody like Jimmy Butler or Miami's like where are you gonna go? And he is like, well I actually do have a place to go.


It's right there. It's Brooklyn. They become leverage for Zion. Basically they become the island of misfit toys for every player and team that we don't know what they're gonna do this summer. I really appreciate that they exist because if they didn't, I don't know what we would do for fake trades. It's like Walmart on Black Friday, the Brooklyn Nets, it's in in January of 20 20% Off camp right now. Lightning deal. But to, to Sean and Marx's credit, like one of the worst things that can happen to a front office is these trade demands and he ha he, he lived through one of them And it got back these pieces Bill and now they're able, the Demand trades incredible Able to spin it off into future team building resources.


So I know they want to keep their draft pick. I had one of the team sources say hey if we start winning watch out, we're gonna start trading players. That's what they've done already. Schroder is out and I think you know Cam Johnson is out. I guess Fan Smith is gone. I shouldn't say that. Yeah I should, I should say Cam. Cam Johnson is likely everybody could Cam Johnson's on his way out. They're trading King Johnson. Slide 'em into any team in the league. They get better. And Claxton, I agree with Ben Simmons, I don't think so but maybe that would be a Sean Marks masterpiece but I think they're not done and I think Claxton and Cam Johnson are the ones to watch maybe even Cam Thomas or somebody like the Houston Rockets that don't have a go-to score.


But I definitely think Cam Johnson is the number one player to watch on the trade market right now. Well you mentioned this on The Ringer NBA show yesterday. There's also a really fun scenario where Cam Thomas is the only guy left just shooting 40 shots a game. Yeah and it's like just the perfect, could Cam Johnson average, could he basically do Kobe 2006 for the last two months of the season? I stole that tape From got Cam Camp Thomas has 81 points. Oh my god. Yeah You yeah I stole that from you. I think. Yeah again, when you saw the the scoring title odds at the beginning of The year, you high on Camp Thomas. Don't Yeah, don't count him out. He could shoot 40 times a game a few times down the stretch here. What do you have for your next one?


I mean I think we have to talk about Nicole Yoki. Dude, I think like Twist my arm if we were TA 10 years ago. I got a text yesterday and they and a friend of mine was like, hey you have Yoki on a tv right? He has a chance to get a 40, 20 10. Like I'll put him on now I wasn't gonna watch Denver, Utah. There were better games but fine. I feel like they should broadcast games differently for the Nuggets 'cause I just wanna watch Yoic. I just want a yoic cam the whole game. Particularly on Offense. Offense. Oh like the 22 man in football where they just have the wide shot just focused on him doing stuff. Yeah, yeah. Like the N NBA 2K my player. But I think he's about to turn 30. We have yo or you know Webe 20, LeBron at 40.


This is the guy in his prime right now. Yeah If you would've, if you would've told me 10 years ago at the midpoint of the 2010s Spurs are defending Champs warriors are about to take the lead by storm. If you would've told me in that time that the best player in the world in the mid part of the 2020s was the giant Serbian center who's not very fast, not quick, I would've said you were crazy. But one of the things I love about NBA basketball bill is you don't know what the next thing is gonna be. And you've alluded to this I think in your NBA ratings monologue. It's like we don't know what's gonna happen in this league. And I think he's the perfect embodiment of sort of one of those unicorn moments where like what this guy's gonna come along. Here's a stat.


He's currently averaging more points per game than Shaq ever did in his entire career. More rebounds per game than Tim Duncan ever did in his entire career. He is averaging more assists per game than Chris Paul has ever done his entire career. And he is making 49% of his threes, which is like Kyle Corver numbers. This is insanity. Watch him people. This is the best show in pro basketball. Yeah. Right now. Third in assist, second in points, third in rebounds. And where is he on the he's Is he? What's he shooting on the threes now? It's Down 49% But he's leading the league in threes.


49%. So second of points, third rebounds, third assist, first in three point shooting. It's fucking crazy. It'll never happen again. It's, It's like an NBH 2K make your own player thing and you move all the bars to 99 except for rim protection and like fitness or whatever. But you made the guy chubby. Yeah, I have some quick ones. The pistons are not the Pistons anymore. The pistons were so sad for so long and now they're a fun watch. I would rank them as my stealth most fun eastern conference watch behind the Hawks.


Cade I think is one of the 16 or 17 has to be on The All star team guys for what he's doing night to night. And they also have an interesting trade bay piece that I'm not sure they even think about doing this year. Maybe they do. But they have Harris and Hardaway at 41 million combined. They have all kinds of flexibility in all kinds of directions and I'm just watching them because they're right around 500. The east is a little bit weird after that six spot Cade is a guy, Ivy is compared to when Monty Williams was, was playing killing Hayes over him. That's what a dramatic come around that spend. I like what they've done with Beasley and Harris and Hardaway. Just same thing you talked about with San Antonio where just like veterans who've been in the league for a while who kind of know how to show up and just be professional but there's also like, hey could this be like a Jimmy Butler like out of nowhere team could this be like just fuck it.


Let's add Zach Levine to this. Like could this be a, I don I don't know who like go through the week, go find guys that might be able, could this be a Cam Johnson team? I feel like there's a trade for them and I think they should do it because Cade's really, really, really good and way better than I thought he was gonna be. I I think he's an absolute guy. I would love to see them get one more guy. Yeah. I love Kate Cunningham. I think he's finally clicked into what we, we thought he could be at the draft and I agree. I mean coaching changes matter and I think this, this new coach, his his broad end sort of a new culture and I that term is overused but it just feels differently.


I love beef Stew by the way is my favorite League pass player Isaiah Stewart. You never know what's gonna happen when he's out there. Great bench guy. I wish the Celtics had him But sort of like Houston last year. There's something cooking but we don't know what it is. Right. Orlando two years ago. Like yeah you see there's, you can see the breadcrumbs to something really good happening with them and I think they've at least reached that point OKCA couple years ago. Yeah, the the, the thing I always say Bill is like the road from bad to good always has to go through average or or or mediocre on the way, you know and that's where they are and that's a good sign. This is where they wanted to be this year. And again like the Spurs, they're a little bit better than we thought.


Yeah And I think they should be excited about the next couple years in in Detroit Goldsberry they just did this trip. They did a three, a three game trip at Phoenix, at Lakers, at Kings won all of 'em. Yeah. And it had a dramatic come from behind Win against the Kinks too. So that's one I wanted to mention The Pistons and oh And yeah I wanted to mention the zombie magic really quick. They're 20 and 14. Paolo's played five games. He's really played four and a half games 'cause he got hurt. Franz has played 25 games. Really 24 and a half 'cause he got hurt.


They're shooting 30.8% from three. They are running CrunchTime plays for Tristan De Silva and Jalen Suggs. They lost Mo Wagner who you'd be like, ah, they lost Mo Wagner. Like Mo Wagner was important for them and they're 20 and 14 and they're just hanging around and they're a really hard team to play. Like they beat the Celtics last week and I'm watching it going, I don't understand how we're gonna lose this game. But it made sense when you were watching it 'cause Orlando was just ready for the challenge playing super hard. Mosley Moseley to me, I wasn't sure about Moseley but what he's getting out of that team, Atkinson's the coach of the year favorite.


But I think Moseley, this team finishes with like 46, 47 wins. Not having Palo not having Franz. Like that's fucking insane. So he's gotta be in there. Yeah, I left them for dead two or three, three times. Oh okay. They can't do this without Colin. How could you not Fran how then Franz shows up and then Franz goes out and then they start Suggs is the guy and now you know they lose Mo. They made a run in the in season tournament and yeah got look if they get whole before the Eastern Conference playoffs, I don't care if you're Cleveland, Boston or New York, nobody wants to see that. Nobody wants to have to score Those states'. The worst case scenario. Yeah, the worst case scenario eight seed. If you're the one seed, you're like really I gotta these guys now they're healthy because I assume Palo and Franz will be back.


So I wanted to mention them. What do, what do you have? 'cause I have two more I have sort of, well I think this will sort of segue I think the magic and the Rockets and the Thunder sort of reminding us that that the NBA is a young man's game. But on the flip side of that, superstars are sort of aging gracefully but in a weird way like we're able to go see LeBron. Like I was able to take my family to see LeBron in San Antonio this year. Stephan Katie, like as a Larry Bird scholar, magic Johnson scholar. You know, it's, it's not always, you don't always get to see these guys after 35. And I think one of the cool things is we can go see LeBron James in 2025 and we can go see Kevin Durant and Stephan Curry in their late thirties and it's not like a nostalgia act.


These guys are great. Like what LeBron and Stefan did on Christmas and I know you talked about it was awesome. Yeah, they might not be championship contenders but again in terms of the depth of League Pass offerings, some of these old dudes are bringing special things to League Pass on a regular basis and 37 year olds aren't necessarily sort of dead weight anymore. And I think that's great for the league. I would throw in Chris Paul too. I had actually for The All positive playing off that the fact that the Lakers aren't a disaster, I'm gonna remove my abject hatred for the Lakers and the Yankees. The two teams I hate the most.


It's also not good when the Lakers are bad. It's the same thing like we talked about the Knicks, like the league's just more fun when the Lakers are competent or good even I would admit that, and I can't stand them. There was a moment when this scene like this season was gonna get really dark and that the, the, this LeBron season was gonna get dark, the season was gonna get dark. The JJ thing was gonna get dark. The defense was absolutely abominable. They kind of rallied, rallied around it and passed it. LeBron going away for eight days. I think the schedule really helped. They really lucked out right as things were creating and all of a sudden we had that NBA cup thing. They've had some, some good schedule luck.


Like they got to play Sacramento three times, right? A Sacramento was completely falling apart. But I feel like they've kind of saved this a little bit. You know, like the fact that Max Christie's a competent rotation guy now he wasn't a month ago. The fact that they were able to get Finny Smith for what? Basically giving up nothing, they're not gonna be bad I guess is my point. And I think if, if you're talking about like I don't wanna watch LeBron on an awful team, like this guy carried the league this century, you know, and at least they're relevant I guess is my point. I think them just sucking and not having their pick, it's just like a dark story and that at least that's not gonna happen.


And now, yeah, I think I wanna pour gasoline on myself and set myself on fire that I just praised. That's fine. Well in The All positive NBA podcast, I think, you know, the NB is a collection of markets and when LA and New York are relevant, it's good, it's good for television, it's good for, for for matchups like Celtics, well It's also also good because they're on fucking national TV all the time because those are the teams they put on. So we might as well have them be good over terrible. And one of the things that Brian Windhorst always talks about is the league also always back loads. LeBron's second half of the schedule. He always has a lot of national TV games after football ends, you know, so yeah, they could have a really tough go, but I think they have another trade to make.


I love Dorian Finney Smith there. I it took like three years too long to get an actual three point shooting wing back in his life. I still think they're one or two pieces away, but if they have luck with health, I believe in JJ Reddick as a coach. I believe in LeBron James as somebody who can sort of figure out how to endure through this marathon season and get to the playoffs in one piece. Anthony Davis is the biggest question mark. If they can add one, maybe two more pieces around those guys. Again, nobody wants to see them in the playoffs. Yeah, I think people wanna see them in the playoffs. Yeah, I wouldn't mind seeing them in the playoffs. I'm just, the question for me is I did I wanna see them at all during the season and now at least we can say, all right, this is kind of a fun team Know.


Yeah, I'm, yeah, come on. All Right. In the playoffs, I wanna see them. They're not beating. Yeah, I think that's, they're not making like round three in the playoffs. Come on, Ask me again to The All star break. Okay, get me to The All star break. I think there's a potential for either answer there. Admittedly, I don't think Memphis would be scared if it showed Up. I I just, I don't, LeBron's too old. I don't see him being able to, right. Once we get into the part of the schedule or you have to play like every other, like I just don't see it. I don't see how he would have the energy night. We saw in the beginning when they were playing in big minutes, he lasted a month. He had to take an eight day sabbatical. Davis is the one, maybe he could throw the team on his back. I, Finnie Smith I've always liked.


I thought his quotes were really interesting after the trade. Like he's a really smart player. He's the kind of guy that's worked well with LeBron where he was talking about how they used him in, in Brooklyn And it was a lot of like top of the key threes and a lot of him with the ball. And he is like, I'm actually better off if I'm in the corner. That was when I was at my best with Luca. Now I get to go back to that. I was like, all right, this guy, this would be a good one for them. I have another one for you. I, this is mostly positive, there's a negative component to it, but I don't wanna focus on that. Zion trades, this has been a big topic on techs and talking to different people who know things and people involved with teams.


What is Zion as a trade asset? What's he worth? Would you do it? Is this salvageable like that that Es Penn wrote a piece about it this week about how goofy his deal is basically, it's not guaranteed for the last three years, but you can keep picking it up. So it's almost like an NFL contract with no real seller cap ramifications. Somebody's gonna talk themselves into it. If you're New Orleans, you, you probably have to cut bait at some point and I think it's gonna be a really fun story over the next six weeks, which is why I put it in The All positive NBA storyline because I still think Zion's incredibly talented.


I think he plays for the single worst franchise you could play for in the NBA at this point. I wanna see him go to a place that will treat him like a plant and water him every day and put him in the sun and put little chemicals and try to help him grow versus where he is now. Which is the worst situation you can be in. Would you trade for Zion? It depends on who I am. I think if risk were a human being, it would wear number one on its New Orleans jersey. I think that's what we're looking, there's just so much risk there. And if I'm a good team, no, I, if I feel good about my team now or in the next couple years, I'm not gonna give up anything relevant to bring in that kind of risk.


If I'm the kings, if I'm the Blazers, I'm having very different conversations because I need something, I need an injection of something. And if that guy turns it around major, if he's one of the best players in the league, he's one of the best players in the league. The guy we've seen at his absolute peak is unstoppable in the paint. Can't Be the king. And Shaq Giannis in Zion, the top paint scores of the 21st century by season, he's that good. If, if he, if he gets into some sort of rhythm with availability and health and nutrition, it could, it's worth looking.


There's, there's whiteboard discussions happening in struggling MBA front offices right now And yet that's not what can happen. He can't go to the Kings, can't go to Portland. I, this goes back to my plan analogy. I get what, I get your point. Those franchises are like, Hey, this could be an incredible roll of the dice to me. He has to go to an awesome organization that will really put some thought and love and care into this. And to me it's Miami or San Antonio. If I'm Miami, Miami Makes a lot of sense. If I'm Miami, this is the guy I am really thinking about. And especially if I, if this Butler thing keeps going sideways and could it be a three-way or whatever, could we get Zion, could we save this?


Could we salvage this? Could we turn him into an awesome asset? And is there a world two years from now where we have Bam and Zion and Tyler Hero? And that's like our version of a big three. 'cause hero's been fantastic this year. He is just a really, really elite offensive player. Now you're not getting anywhere of, if Michael Pena wrote about this today for, for The Ringer, if Bam and Hero are your two guys, you're you're not doing anything. You still need that. Awesome. Somebody. So Zion and then San Antonio is one of those, like if San Antonio traded for Zion, guess what the reaction the league would be? Oh shit. Right? That would be it.


It's like, oh no, WEBY and Zion. Oh no. You know, and I think those are the two teams. Maybe there's some others, but those are the two I was focused on. Like, you, you send 'em to Chicago, you send 'em to Detroit. I I just, I don't know how it's different. Yeah, it's, it's super depressing, right? 'cause he, he still has a very high ceiling and a lot of front offices are simply not gonna take the risk. It's a, it's a non-starter for a lot of the, the general managers around the league. Like we're not that that kinda risk in this NBA where you can't have one bad contract and compete for a championship. It seems like that's where we're going.


But the contract isn't, That's Nearly as risky as the is what makes this so fascinating, right? It's a risk, but it's also not a risk. It depends what you give up. You Know, it's non guaranteed next year or something like that. Right? And I think, yeah, there's Weight stuff and there's game stuff where over and over again you can get out of it. So, you know, I, we'll see what happens, but I just, it, I just keep thinking of the teams that if they traded for him what the reaction would be. Right? And Miami and San Antonio are the two where people would be like, oh fuck, oh man, they're gonna figure this out with them. We've just seen it in the NBA over the, and I don't know what else to do with that New Orleans team.


'cause Ingram clearly has no trade value with, as an expiring free agent, they would've traded him already. They're in a weird spot with CJ and Deonte who they just traded for. They have all these picks. I I just, I don't know what to do. They have really good tradable pieces beyond that. I mean, I don't know if they wanna do that, but they got some shooters and some wing defenders that, that would make every team in the NBA look a little bit better. So if, if they wanna press the explode button, I think they have some, some draft capital and maybe some young players they can get back. And guess what? Nobody wants to go there. But now we're, now we're not being positive anymore. Do do you have one more? 'cause I have two more.


I, this one is sort of in jest, but I love the Washington Wizards because they let you see the GM's vision of every opponent, right? So if your team is playing the Wizards, I recommend you go watch it because this is what the front office envisioned when they put their team together, whatever they're gonna get against the Wizards, clean looks, layups, great stops. It's, I encourage everybody to go. It's almost like the Washington Generals, right? The Wizards are one of the best teams to go watch right now at home. Like if your team's playing the wizards at their home arena, go see it folks. This is the best. Your team's gonna look all year.


It's like scrimmaging in a hotel conference, conference ballot. What are, what are those rooms called? It's the, the draft, the draft workout video against the chair that you always call out. Yeah, Well, playing off what you just said in The All positive NBA draft, I kind of love how weird the 2024 draft is and how many guys, I kind of like Reese, she mentioned him already. Steph Castle all in, yeah. Get a little bit of a rookie wall where something, but I'm all in messy on, on the Pelicans. Like he's a real center and he, I think he's like 15 years old, but he is definitely a real center who will get a big contract. McCain this Jalen Wells kid on Memphis.


Zach Edie on Memphis, who's averaging like 11 and eight and you feel his presence in some of these games and there's matchups against certain teams where it's kind of, I really liked him in the draft 'cause I just felt like there's gonna be games and nights where he just sucks to play against. You know, it's like we don't have a guy, Ingas is out tonight, now we have Lee Carnet, you know, trying to stop Zach, Edie Dalton Connect. I like Donovan Klingen. Tristan de Silva was a pretty polarizing prospect, but I, I think he's been a borderline revelation on the magic Bob Carrington who a lot of people liked.


I don't think sar I, I'm not willing to say he's a a bust. I think there's something there. I really like Bud Zeus, I don know how much you've watched him on Chicago, but I almost feel like they have to trade Zach Levine just to get him to play. I like the way that guy, I like how he runs the floor. I like how athletic he is. I I like him and I think he's a little feisty. He's got a little chip on his shoulder and then Ron Holland and Dibbing Dillingham and Jacoby Walter. There's something there with all three of those guys. So that's a lot of guys that I think all have a chance to be a starter in the NBA, which is basically what we're looking for in the draft. There's no high ceiling superstar weby type version, but it's a fun draft.


Do you like this draft or am I overreacting? I think it, if you contextualized it like you did, yeah, I like it. I think it's gonna go down history as a relatively weak class, especially sandwiched by the Weby draft and then what we're getting in the Cooper Flag class. I love Steph Castle. I'm disappointed. One player. You didn't mention Reed Shepherd who I wanted to be better than should Have mentioned. We just haven't seen him. We haven't really seen him yet. He's kind of, well that's in a related story. He is not, he's not shooting the ball well and if he's not shooting the ball well it's hard for him to find justification to get minutes. Especially in a, in a Houston environment where they're trying to win games and They're trying to play defense and they're two seed and they don't have time for a project.


Hey, can you be Mark Price someday? They don't wanna, they don't care. They wanna win games. Yeah, but when you're drafted that high bill, right, like, I don't care if you're a two seat that player, you're drafting that slot, you should find rotation minutes. But I've been disappointed by Every That's good point. I said I'm not done with them by any means. But I think the other players you mentioned are De Silva I think is the one that jumps out. I was like, what? Okay. And again, this Orlando team, this culture, next man up mentality, he's great. Delton Connect has been a big piece of why the Lakers are, are above water right now. And Che is gonna be good. I think the Hawks made the right choice. In retrospect, if we redrafted it, it'd be hard for me to put anybody above him right now.


Is that what you, if you redrafted, would you, would you go if you're the Hawks, I think he fits into what they're doing, like we were talking About earlier. Yeah. For for for what they are and what they're trying to be probably makes the most sense. I still really like Castle. I I liked him the most heading into the draft. I I just think he has it. There's, that guy has all the, he checks all the boxes of what I want. And the shooting I think will get there eventually. But for them, I think you're right. I think for, if you're just trying to have these interchangeable, tall, athletic dudes, he makes more sense for them. So check out Bud Ellis though. I'm, I'm, I'm in on him. If they, they might have actually stumbled to one of 'em.


All right, here's, here's another one I had for you. So, and this is coming off, I went, I took my daughter to the Clipper game the other night. I gotta give them credit, man. That is the best. NBA arena, hands down, wow. Best atmosphere. Everything, everything Balmer did where there's like no TVs in the lobbies. There's no TVs in the clubs, there's no TVs When you're going and buy a hot dog. Everything is built around, get back into your seats. He wants people in there. He's got that whole section behind the court that really does. They start chants, they do all kinds of things. There's more energy at those games. Then Laker games, like they, they really have flipped this where the Lakers now look like they're the rinky-dink franchise.


And with the Staples Center, which is just old now and doesn't have the same vibe as this Clippers thing, this is the first time the Clippers have ever turned the tables on the Lakers and made them feel like they're just kind of more modern and more on it. Like the Lakers still have bigger stars. But I'll tell you this, that letting Paul George go over the third, fourth year thing, they did offer 'em three years. So I don't wanna praise 'em too much, but not going for, for trying to patch it together with, with defense role guys flexibility and then banking un hardened.


And Powell being able to carry all the offense. It works. Dan Gundy on the defense. It works. They're really well coached. Smart team that's taken advantage of this crazy, you mentioned it earlier with aging superstars, harden. This is the best. He's looked in a while. I don't think he had, he never has the ball too much. I think he's found the right balance of he takes over when they need him, but he doesn't have it all the time. And I think they're really hard. They win these games at the end of games. Like you watch like the last five minutes, like I feel like they're gonna get stops. What they're getting from Zoo Bots, who I just wanna mention was traded for Mike Masala by Magic Johnson and the Lakers, one of the worst trades of the last 10 years.


But they have an actual home court advantage and I think they're a playoff team and I was completely wrong on them. I I thought they're gonna suck. They're good. I'll go one step further. I mean, there's a crazy what if there if, if Kawhi can be 88% of Kauai Leonard for the last few months of the regular season. I love this team. I I love their coach. James Harden remains somehow underrated. Norman Powell has been a revelation, but if Kawhi Leonard can come back, come back and have one really good five month stretch here, that's a pretty dangerous team. Especially. Yeah, because here the minutes he's taking, he would be taking coffee's, playing almost 25 minutes a game.


Porter was playing 20 minutes a game. Derek Jones said they're gonna need, even when Kawai comes back. And then Platoon was playing 18 minutes game. So they have minutes where it's just, he's an immediate upgrade of, of this kind of patchwork, you know, wings that they have. I'm with you, I'll tell you this body language doctor was really studying them happiest. I've seen Kauai on the bench in a couple years. A lot of Kauai Harden stuff during the timeouts Kauai at one point in the fourth quarter, hard wasn't playing and they were talking during a timeout and Kauai was doing the exaggerated overlap thing with Harden. Like, it seems like they actually like each other. The vibes were great.


Everyone seems like they love being Gundy and in general, like I, I think I don't think they're gonna go away was my takeaway from, from what I've watched, but also seen them in person. Like it was interesting. Golden State finally did the one thing I don't think teams realized that they should do with the clip. Nobody in the team on the Clippers can dribble. I don't know if you've noticed this, they can dribble in the half court. Like Harden obviously could dribble, but nobody wants to dribble the first 50 feet of the court. So it'll be like Kris, it'll be Harden. Who doesn't wanna work at all? Norman Powell, they, they really don't have anybody. And I was with my daughter and we're watching, I'm like, I don't understand why they won't press. I don't understand why people don't press the clippers.


I'm saying that my daughter who knows, barely knows anything about basketball. And then the warrior started pressing in the fourth quarter and they started getting all these turnovers and she's like, dad, how'd you know? And I was like, because nobody on the clippers can dribble. But that's, so that's their one weakness is they don't have like that, you know, I think pressure is an issue for Them. Lemme ask you this bill. Do you feel like that arena will bring a home court advantage? It Has To Los Angeles Clippers? It has in the playoffs? Yes, I do. I really do. I I really, Jay even that game, there were Warriors fans at that game Saturday night, but the Clipper fans were loud and I think they liked the team, the hardened thing. I, I just can't believe 'cause he was my least favorite player to see in person.


Yeah. And actually kind of enjoyed the two games I've been to. I've actually enjoyed him. I was saying to the guy Mike Tolan I shared tickets with, I was like, I'm actually gonna go to a bunch of clipper games. Like, I like going, I had a good time. The vibe's good. It's just a thumbs up. So bomber like, I don't know how much, what, what did he spend like however many billion dollars it was fucking worth it. 'cause 'cause he's not like the black sheep brother of the Staples Center anymore. You know, he actually has good NBA dates and there's a real vibe in the arena. So thumbs up. Great job Clippers. Yeah. You talking me into it? I think yeah, watch these Kauai return games with, with newfound interests. Maybe a dark horse in the West that's great for The All positive NBA podcast.


Yeah. A Kauai comeback to what it already exists. If he could be healthy, it's just a really fun story, you know? Right. Like Kauai, if you throw away the playoffs last year, but before he got hurt, beginning of last year, he looked like one of the 15 best guys in the league. And we've seen him. And 2019 isn't that long ago. He put a team on his shoulders and got him there. He's not that guy anymore. But he can win a playoff game. He can, he can play good defense, get rebounds, make big shots and crunch time. James Harden can create shots. But yeah, I mean banking on, you have to be in an all positive podcast, Bill Simmons to bank on Kauai's long-term health and James Harden's postseason.


You, you really have to be in a positive environment to, to project them as a potential sleeper. I think harden the, the word in the street is he is, he is matured with some of his off the court stuff. Is is the word in the street. Who knows? Last thing just quickly is The All star arguments are gonna be great for The All positive pod. We have just the guards of the west, SGA Harden, Anthony Edwards, Kyrie Curry, Booker Fox, and Ja, I'm positive all those guys can't make the team centers. Yoic, WEBY, Saboni Davis, Shung Go and Jaron Jackson on a really good Memphis team.


Houston might not have an All star. There are a two seed and then you go with the, with the East. If Brunson and Mitchell and Kate all make it, we still have to figure out Maxi Dame, Trey Hero and Garland. We have to figure out how many calves all stars there are. I just think there's a lot of good players and when everybody starts doing their Allstar pods in two weeks, people are like, holy shit. A lot of good players. And then we'll complain about The All Star game. But we're not gonna The All positive, positive, It's gonna be a Stephan Curry celebration weekend. Most people call it The All Star weekend, but it's gonna be Stephan Curry's convention. So he's definitely making it.


I don't know what they'll have to do, but he's definitely in Bill. There's no way that they're gonna host it. He Well, SGA Harden. Harden has to make it. Yeah, ant has to make it. I think Kyrie has to make it and I think Curry has to make it. So that's five guards. And we haven't talked about Booker Fox or Ja yet. Ja you can maybe dig on some of the Miss games, but, but that's crazy. So we're, Booker and Fox aren't gonna be in The All Star game. I think that's where we're heading. So the league is loaded. That's it for The All positive NBA podcast. Unless you had any last, last things, that was good. No, I just, I just want to say to my beloved Texas Longhorns that are playing football tomorrow against Arizona State, hook 'em horns. Let's see, let's see a win and get to the semifinals.


Bill, Listen, I, I'm feeling positive about that. I'm feeling positive about everything in general as we head to the end of end of 2025. What a positive ending this is. Great, great. We didn't even talk about the Kings. I had a whole I was gonna make fun of the kings. I'm not gonna do it because this is The All positive NBA podcast. Thanks Kyle Creighton for producing. I think Sir Rudy's on this, I think the house on this as well. Next time you see me, it'll be 2025 on the Thursday podcast. Enjoy New Year's. Have great New Year's Eve, Kirk Goldsberry, good luck with Texas. Happy new Year. Thank you Bill.