
Look, it's not that confusing. I'm Rob Har Villa host of the podcast 60 songs that Explain the nineties, except we did 120 songs and now we're back with the two thousands. I refuse to say aughts. 2000 to 2009, the Strokes, Rihanna JLo Kanye. Sure. And now the show is called 60 Songs That Explain the Nineties Coal in the two Thousands. Wow, that's too long a title for me to say anything else right now, just trust me. That's 60 songs that Explain the nineties Coal in the two thousands, preferably on Spotify.


This episode is brought to you by Unstoppable. If you're a fan of classic sports films, you're gonna love this new one. It's called Unstoppable. It tells the true story of Anthony Robles, who overcame so much in his life to become a national wrestling champion directed by William Goldenberg and from Amazon MGM Studios. You've got a stared ensemble cast here, including Jre Jerome, my guy, Don Cheadle, Michael Pena, Bobby Valli, and of course Jennifer Lopez, who plays Judy the Loving mom whose unwavering support helps Anthony defy the Odds Unstoppable streaming exclusively on Prime video January 16th.


This episode is brought to you by Uber Eats. Whether you're ordering wings for the game, whipping up a seven layer dip or ordering pizza, there's something about football that makes you wanna eat. And this football season, Uber Eats has the best deals on game day food. No matter what you're craving from two for one pizza to buy one get one wings, Uber Eats will be dropping new deals each week, all season long. Uber Eats the official on demand delivery partner of the NFL. Order Now for game day terms and conditions apply. See app for details.


We're also brought to by The Ringer Podcast Network. I don't have a new rewatch what's coming for you tonight at least We're gonna try to do a mailbag on Wednesday. Hopefully the winds are not gonna be bad on Tuesday and Wednesday here in Southern California we are keeping our fingers crossed that all the bad stuff is behind us and we can start thinking about recovery and start moving forward instead of looking backwards and looking over our shoulders here. So keep us in your thoughts. I mentioned in the Sunday podcast that we did with Sal that we're gonna try to figure out a, a good list of charities and things to donate for for people who wanna help out all the people who are affected out here. I'm gonna have that by Thursday because I really wanted to get the right list going and make sure that I trust everybody that I'm recommending 'cause there's been some, some pretty crazy fraudulent stuff happening out here.


So I wanna make sure I have everything in a trustworthy state before we pass that along. Thanks to everybody who listened yesterday, thanks to everybody who's about to listen. The top of the pod is just me and Sal reacting off Rams Vikings doing guest alliance for Rams Eagles. And then we're gonna talk about the Dallas Cowboys thing. So that's the first segment. And then, so Peter Schrager And I, we recorded on Tuesday And it was gonna be the second part of the Tuesday pod And I was gonna do an NBA power poll right off of Nugget Celtics on last Tuesday night. And then, You know what happened in California, ended up postponing the pod. But I really liked a lot of the stuff that Schrager And I talked about. We were making a lot, it was all coaching ownership stuff and we were making predictions for what we thought was gonna happen, the coaching hires.


But we were talking about the model of ownership and just where things are going on that front, not just in football but in professional sports. And I really liked what we talked about. So it's a week late. This is a short pod. I just thought we'd throw it at the end, why not? So there it is. That's gonna be the second part of the podcast. A week old conversation with Peter Sugar, but I swear it's good. Okay, that's the pod. Let's bring in our friends from Pearl Jam.


All right, we're taping this eight 20 Pacific Time Monday night. This is a quickie guest alliance segment coming off Rams Vikings. The good news, the Rams an emotional win for for Los Angeles I guess. Yeah, you could feel it coming in the hour before the game with their, an emotional performance of the national anthem. The Rams played great, they played outta their minds and and yet I leave this game wondering what the hell happened in the Minnesota Vikings where we were two, two weeks ago versus where we are now. It's one of the most stunning eight, nine day collapses I can remember of a football team. I really, they these guys won me over.


I really genuinely believed in them and they fell apart. The whole co division won me over the NFC North. I went into this, I'm like, I'm gonna, I'm gonna key on this NFC North. The Packers are gonna be good, the Vikings are gonna go far or as far as they can before they run into another team. And now it's like they're looking like the SECA little bit for your college fans out there. And yeah, I'm with ya. The Rams came out fighting proud of this team. They brought their A game. McVeigh had 'em together, right Mindset, but move them basically it felt like the game was in Minneapolis. Like I, you know, they went to the sideline reporter and she's like, yeah, a lot of Vikings fans. I'm like, well that doesn't seem fair, but they did a great job. But yeah, you're right. Like you And I were like signed Sam Darnold easy two weeks ago.


Right? I feel bad flip-flopping so much, but Jesus, what the hell is going on in the last 10 days? It's not a flip flop. He had a whole body of evidence for the whole season where it looked like, for whatever reason he was this year's late Bloomer star qb. And he had just come off that huge win over the Packers when he has one of the best games of his career. They have the awesome NFL films video in the locker room after right when they're all waiting and Donald comes in and his teammates mob him. They, they pick him up, they show Kevin O'Connell like almost like near tears watching it. Great speeches just, well that seems like it was just now that you brought that up, like that really seems like it was not long ago.


That's crazy. Well 'cause it wasn't, it was two weeks ago. Yeah. And it just seemed like, man, this is such a great story. The late bloomer Sam Darnold and then he absolutely sucked into the Detroit game. But I was willing to chuck it out, say, Hey, it's a bad game. This team's 14 and three, they have a great track record. Detroit was fired up. They were home but they couldn't block the Rams. And the, the part that doesn't make sense to me, I was a little worried about their protection heading into the game just because of what it looked like against the Lions. But the Rams don't have a good defense. The Rams defense was 26th on on DBOA for defense. They were the seventh worst defense in the league. It's not like this was, you know, the 2000 Ravens this and they looked like the 2000 Ravens.


So it was just a complete collapse. Yeah, this was supposed to be a rebuilding year, at least for the Rams defense. You're right. Like and then they get Jared Ver and Kobe Turner plays out of his mind his second year and Kobe Durant tonight. Anyone named Kobe And it all the Kobes. All the Kobes. And it makes you think, was Aaron Donald ever good? No. Right. That doesn't make it big, big, big legacy hit for him. The hall of fame though. Aaron, Donald, Sam. Donald. Maybe. I like the guy's hemorrhaging money every time he drops back to pass. I know. Could he have opted out of the playoff game? Not just, not just his contract money, our money. 'cause we had them on teasers, the Vikings and everything. But I guess that's, that's what we get I guess.


I don't know. But as far as signing him again, we have to, we have to say no now. Right? If you're the Vikings, well we talked about yesterday we were talking about QBs you'd rather have than Herbert and we were going down the list And I said to you, what about Sam Darnold? Then you paused, which was my reaction as well. And you were like, let's, let's wait to see what happens tomorrow. And of course what happened was the worst possible game for him. Yeah, I was looking, so some of the stats for the Rams heading into this game, they were 21st in the league in Sacks. They were 28th in the league in QB hits 26th in tackles for losses. Right. And they were sixth in QB Hurs. Right. So that's the one thing where he was like, oh, I can kind of see it.


The Vikings were 23rd and Sacks giving up 20th QB hits 24th QB Hurs, 24th tackles for loss. So there were signs that their offensive line might not be that great. Yeah. But nothing could have prepared anybody for what happened. Like he was just under attack and yeah, he reverted back into old school Sea Ghost Sam Darnold. It was like Js Pat's Sam Darnold that now you mentioned the money thing. I don't know what you do if you're the Vikings and we're gonna gonna kill Sam Darnold and we already have and we'll probably do another 10 minutes doing so. But yeah, I think he was sacked nine times. He was sacked six times in the first half. And like the next gen stats like can kind of now tell you which, which sacks are the quarterback's fault.


Yeah. I think like five or six of 'em were his fault because anything over like four seconds is the quarterback's fault. So yeah, well we have NextGen stats and we also have Tre Aikman who can tell No lies when he's watching a quarterback performance that he is not enjoying that much. And he just couldn't a few times. He's just like, I Joey, he has a good pocket there. I don't know what, I don't know what, why that happened the way it did because the pockets, if he steps up, he's got plays. I don't know. He just, the moment got too big for him, which was what happened last week too in the Detroit game. So now there's this whole domino effect now. Yeah, because what the Lions did in Minnesota last week and we're like, the lion are back, their defense is back.


But then you watch the Vikings camp block again this week. Donald stinks again this week and now, so when you look forward to against the Lions, we have this Rams game, I have no idea what to make of their performance that vi like, is their defense for real? Is it not for real? What's going on there? And then the Lions who looked so awesome last week and were all like their defense, maybe it's back, they had a bye week. Now you see the Vikings can't block and it's like, well maybe it's not back. Maybe Washington will be able to move the ball against Detroit. This just made me more confused about round two. So it made me confused by round two. It made me confused about which quarterbacks are good if the, the Herbert thing you brought up and like what Minnesota, this is good for the fans though, right? This kind of opens things up now.


It would've been boring if the Vikings just resigned. Sam Donald gave 'em a big number, but they're like top seven in cap space I think like a hundred. They, they, they took their medicine with a dead cap with cousins and Danelle Hunter I think this year. But they're like a, I think they have like 160 million free and they have to start McCarthy now. But yeah, you're right. Going forward. I don't know what it means for any of these teams. Well, can't they can franchise tag Donald though? Yes, they could do that. It would just be for a big salary, but I How much is that then? Is that 40 or No, it's not. Where is it now? It's in, it's definitely not worth it. I think if Darnell plays well against Detroit, they lose to Detroit by like three and then they play the Rams. The Rams squeak it out. But he is fine in that.


He's looking at at least the Baker Mayfield money. Right. Which I think was like three for a hundred range. Now I had a whole losers winners thing I wanted to do. He was, he was the biggest individual loser. Erie says 41 million for the franchise tank. Four. Yeah. Yikes. So he's the biggest loser because I don't know what the free age of money is gonna be for. Well, let's see, how much did you And I lose on that? Vikings adjusted. I mean I, I guess he's the biggest loser. But we have to selves, I had a break. I, I did the anchor, the anchor parlay with four games And I ended up just splitting 'em. So it's just like all that work for, yeah, nothing. I lost on the Chargers. Lost on the Vikings one on the other too stupid.


But I was thinking Steeler fans, Raider fans, saints fans, Sam Darnold, that is now in their life with rumors, right? Oh yeah. Those are the three teams. I, I don't think the Giants just 'cause of the Jets pedigree. I I think they would stay away. But Steelers, Raiders, saints, I think are three possibilities. I like that. I don't, I don why say raid also they could f them for a year and do the whole, hey, we're not sure. Is JJ McCarthy's even gonna be ready for September? They showed Daniel Jones a couple times. Like he's an option. I love that. We've seen Daniel Jones. They're not gonna, it can't be Daniel Jones. I just don't know. What are they? There's one way to look at it is shit, we're not gonna do better than 14 wins. Right? I think we can can get us to 14 wins, but it's just this whole January thing that seems to be a mess.


The other way is to look at it is let, let's see what we did with this McCarthy with our first round pick. Let's see, see what we got out of him. Yeah, they obviously believed in him. They took him really high. He had bad luck with an injury, but before the injury, they were all excited about what he looked like in the preseason. So Donald's the biggest loser, but the, the runner up and maybe even the winners, the Vikings fans who just, you know, I've mentioned my buddy Jeff a couple times. He's just, he's And I told you so mode. He is like, I told you this is what we do. This is what like he is just, this was preordained. Not only that they're gonna lose, but it was gonna be complete embarrassment. This was, this team won more games than any other Vikings team ever except for the 98 team that went 15 and won and lost in the NFC title game.


The 69 team, when 12 and two lost the Super Bowl, the 73 team went 12 and two, lost Super Bowl 75, team went 11 two and one lost the Super Bowl. The 17 team 13 and three, they lost that NFC title game in in, in, in Philly, whatever it was with Philly. Oh, yep. Yeah. But this was one of the best Vikings teams, at least from a regular season standpoint of the last 60 years. And just goes out Ignominiously, like they couldn't even score 10 points. Yeah, this is bad. Again, it's shocking. It's tough. And the coaching, they got Outcoached too. Like the guy who's gonna win Coach of the year. Kevin O'Connell got Outcoached. It didn't take a lot.


I was kind of, I would've liked to have seen them call that Stafford play differently. I know you And I having money on the Vikings would've also, but with that forward pass thing, the thing that was returned for a touchdown, they called it a fumble initially. And then they said, Stafford, IIII think you have to do a little more than pretend you're sprinkling salt on eggs. It move your fo your hands gotta go a little more forward than that. I mean it's, it should be like a 30 yard penalty when you do that. Yeah. If you're going down on a sack and you just whip the button, it's like beyond an intentional grounding. Right. I personally think it should be. I I think that should be a fumble when you're just dumping the ball because you're gonna take a sack, but you're not even dumping it anywhere near anybody.


It was the key play of the game because it felt like the Vikings screwed up momentum. Their defense in general though, the Rams played it perfectly. They came out in the first quarter, Stafford started out nine for nine. They couldn't anticipate every single thing that was happening. This was the people that were making the case for the Rams heading into this game was the, not only did they win earlier in the year, but Stafford was good against the Blitz. He's good at, he's such a smart qb, he's good at reading stuff and everything got born out. I thought the Vikings were able to run the ball better, but in general, like a, the 26 DVA defense should not be dominant. I know they had a couple games when guys were missing, but for the most part, like that makes no sense to me. Yeah, for sure. This is a team that got carved up multiple times this year, you know, never could get Jefferson going, you know, let's see a one-on-one play at Jefferson.


Addison drops everything thrown his way. It's, it, it gets ridiculous. And again, at least half those sacks were Donald's fault. So winners, JJ McCarthy, Sean McVeigh, another great win. He's got eight playoff wins now, Plus The Super Bowl. They made the playoffs in six of eight of his postseasons. He's only been a coach for eight years and just coached the pants off of Kevin O'Connell, who's gonna win a really awkward coach of the Year award in about, I don't know, whenever they have that NFL honors thing killed them. Not only killed them, but oh, the, the, the bikes were down 18 with 10 minutes left and we're running the Donovan McNabb, Pat's Eagles Super Bowl offense, just long huddles before every play and nowhere to urgency at all.


It was like they really quit. It was borderline Roberto Duran Nomas Nomas, right. Buck. Even Joe Buck and Eggman were like, does this team know they're down 18? Yeah, they're running on second and 6 56 quarter. Like yeah. What are you guys doing? Very strange. Yeah. I, I don't know. Yeah, McVay McVay's a gigantic winner. And so would LA football fans too. I mean really just to get this team ready, bringing their pets out and their family and bringing them out over there. And now it's like Todd, I mean we'll talk about the next game against Philly, but they're flying home to LA they don't know if they're gonna be able to practice in their facility depending on the air quality. And then they have to go all the way to Philly. It's gonna be interesting to see if they can keep this momentum going.


Rams fans, huge winner. This is such a likable team. This was not supposed to be a team post Aaron Arnold that, you know, they, when they were one in four, they were talking about could Cup be, I never believed those stories, but there were trade rumors about Cup and could Stafford be potentially available. And all of a sudden now they're heading into the second round again. It's a pretty, pretty beatable Eagles team. Hench made a good joke. Our buddy Hench, she said there, the crowd was so good because Glendale is a shorter ride for the Rams fans than SoFi Stadium. Really good, really good insight. Is that a joke? Joke? Is that a joke or is that accurate? I think that's, I think that's, I think it doing serious.


Six hours to Glendale, five hours to SoFi. It's close. Losers the Eagles. Yeah. I I it went from, oh man, I don't wanna see the Vikings to Oh Jesus, this Rams team. They're just cagey. They're like one of those old boxers. They've lost a couple times. They're like 37, but they might be 40 and they just kind of know what to do in the ring. And you don't wanna fight them. They don't want a lot, they don't win a lot of these matchups. Right. They don't win the coaching matchup. I don know, I guess they win the running back. I I they, they don't win Coach or qb. They lose both of those. QB is gonna pass for 148 yards and you know, he is gonna get pushed forward a couple yards here and there.


I feel like the defensive intensity for the Ram, you know, the receivers are not off on the sideline reading Dki. So I, I don, I don't know, like I feel like Dutch guys, I think it's really tough. This is a tough matchup and nobody wants 'em to win outdoors. Philadelphia probably not warm Stafford and cold weather. There's some playoff manifesto stuff with this too. There's always the Right, one of the best playoff manifesto rules that I have is the round two team that looked a little too good in round one. Everybody's a little too excited about them. The Rams definitely qualify for that. And conversely, the Eagles not looking that great in round one.


So there's, And I think that's gonna be reflected in the, but this opens up some nice and we, we talk about narratives all the time. Like that NFC championship is gonna be fun either way. You can get golf against Stafford. Right. As long as the Eagles are out. I think it's fun. You get golf against Stafford or you get Jaden Daniels against Stafford and the la you know, the LA team and the, the nation rooting hard for LA whatever against the rookie quarterback who's come from nothing. Yeah. So just step aside, Eagles, make it fun. Did you hear from any Eagles fans today who were like, you guys were a little too hard on us yesterday. We wanna play a game. Yeah, a little bit. Oh you did? Because I didn't at all. Oh really? Yeah. Yeah. The Eagles fans I heard from were like, yeah, you guys nailed that. I was fucking pissed after that game.


I'm still mad. Yeah, well there, there's always that. But you know, Eagle fans tend to hate. You'll always find a few that are just gonna hate you for saying anything about them. Good or bad. Yeah, true. That's what it was. We're gonna take a break and then we're gonna do guest Eagles Rams and we'll talk little cowboys.


This episode is brought to you by Nissan. When you're younger, you're more spontaneous. You say, screw it, I'm just gonna drive cross country with my buddy and we'll stop at a bunch of places and take pictures. You get older, you would never do something like that. Keep your spontaneity, my friends. Fuel your inner adventure with the first ever Nissan Rogue Rock Creek. From rocky trails to snowy roads. There are plenty of places to show up this SUV thanks to its Intelligent all wheel drive, its adventure ready design gives it a rugged flare that stands out off road adventure calls of the first ever Nissan Rogue Rock Creek. Visit Nissan usa.com to learn more Intelligent all wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction at all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


This episode is brought to you by State Farm. State Farm helps you score an affordable price when you choose to bundle home and auto insurance with the personal price plan. Bundling home and auto. That's a pro move. Just another way you can save on your insurance needs. Talk to a State Farm agent today to learn how you can bundle and save with the personal price plan like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Prices are based on rating plans that vary by state coverage. Options are selected by the customer availability. Amount of discounts and savings and eligibility vary by state.


All right, guest lines. You already beat me. The big question. The media was talking all day. You even gonna play your starters here. What? Ha you're in the week 18 Kansas City Chiefs thing. Do you just sit everybody, try not to get hurt. Do you try to give me false hope to do the buffalo bills where you tank the game to make me feel better about where I am heading into next week. I'm gonna be down one for the first time since 1892. Wow, that's a long time. I thought before that. Well, I'll let my words speak for, for themselves here LA at Philly. 3:00 PM Eastern Sunday. I'm gonna guess Rams by 42 and a half. So that's my official guess. 'cause it doesn't matter. I think, I think I'm gonna win this.


I have Eagles minus six and a half. All right. You got it. You know what, it was six and a half. It went down to five and a half. But you are closer. Wait, lemme see. Yes, you are closer. So you got, what did you have 42 and a half? No, I actually in, in, in real life, I would've said like three. I I don't, I I guess they're just counting on this just being too much, too much of a story for the Rams. So we ended up, I remember looking at the round one lines on like Wednesday, Thursday, whatever, like just looking to distract from any possible way, like we're the lines in. And I remember thinking like, I know we're gonna have 300 dogs. I have no idea who the 300 dogs are gonna be that actually advance.


And it ended up being Houston, Washington and the Ramps. Two home teams, two home dogs, which used to be like a playoff. Always take a home dog, don't even think twice. And then the Washington team in the, in a game that was, I could see either of these teams winning these games. Why not take the points? So it all makes sense in retrospect. But on Wednesday I was like, I could see all six favorites winning. And those were the three shortest underdogs, right? They're all Yeah, between two and a half and three. Right. So yeah, you wouldn't have even, so winning line parlay still would've hit and that would been the way to do it. I thought the Broncos with the plus eight and a half, nine, whatever it was, had a chance to keep things around.


And then the first quarter it's in the way and then the bills pulled away. The Packers were another one came for six minutes. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. So it turned out to be the three short odds, two home dogs. And we ended up 300 dogs advancing around once. So, and the a FC is the same, exactly the same as last year, right? These are the same four that advance Houston. Yeah. So Kansas City, Baltimore, Buffalo. Well we talked yesterday, I was saying that that Baltimore game that's in the tic-tac zone. You were right. I thought it was gonna flip. It was yesterday. It was Buffalo minus one and a half. I predicted to you. I think it's gonna flip. I think Baltimore's gonna be one and a half. It already happened. Baltimore's one and a half. So since we did it yesterday, Baltimore's minus one half Buffalo Philly is now minus five and a half on FanDuel.


Detroit is minus eight and a half against Washington. And then Casey is still minus seven and a half and everybody and their brother is teasing them with Ohio State. Yes. Yeah. And and they're probably gonna take two of those three mid-range fa five and a half, seven and a half, eight and a half and put 'em together probably the Saturday games, right? No, people wanna win money Saturday and then go over Sunday. So that that's gonna be a popular money line parlay Detroit and Kansas City. But as far as Buffalo goes, I, you know, And I might even end up taking Baltimore, but that is entirely, entirely disrespectful to bills. They, they need. Can we get Louis K to step in as their publicist? They need a new publicist. If that fricking team can't lay points at home, I don't care who they're playing, they're damn good.


They can't be getting a point and a half. Ridiculous. I think it goes down to the Ravens had five losses and you could easily just examine all of them and be like, ah, they actually should had one loss. Yeah. They were the number one team in DVOA. They look like they've gotten better as the year's gone along, especially on defense. Defense was the big hole with them the first 10 weeks. It flipped And I think it's the right line. And I, I'll be honest, I've already put money on Baltimore. I believe you grabbed you wouldn't I grabbed because I was worried it was gonna get to like minus two and a half, something like that. Yeah. I I just think they're, I think Buffalo's defense is gonna have a lot of trouble stopping them, but we'll see. I'm gonna look at it more.


There's gonna be some narrative that nobody believes in us. If if that starts drifting around Buffalo, I'm gonna get nervous. Do you think, like, I know this is a regular season vote, but we saw Kevin O'Connell like, ah, and you said it now it's gonna be a weird coach of the year award. It's like the di de whisky 2007 mvp that was the all timer. He'd already been knocked out of the playoffs and they're like, here's your could, could every be an executive Goodell decision or whoever makes this decision, give the voters their votes back. Be like, all right, we're gonna give you one more game. No, can't do it. Nope, you wouldn't do it. I mean, but would you go for it a regular season of Word? I know, but if one of them throws four interceptions against, he was the best coach of the regular season. Now it's like Sam Arnold was so bad those last two weeks maybe that emboldened his case.


That's true. How did he get it done? Yeah. I can't believe we fell for Sam Darnold. Well that's a fricking, that's a great division aside from what the Bears put forth and they won 14 games. Like there's, it's just hard to get around that. I don't understand it. There was a number of times during the season when I felt myself being like, You know what, I'm starting to believe in this guy. And then it was that, that Arizona game, week 13, he lit up Atlanta, he lit up Chicago, he had a really nice win at Seattle and then that Green Bay game and they won, they won nine straight games and he was getting better during the streak.


And he really Right. I believed, I don't, I I feel burned. You know why? Because we go on a podcast and it's not fun to just keep telling people, all right, just be careful with this guy. It's just all fun. We have to take a aside. Well maybe we should just do the podcast and just be like, chiefs Ravens Bills Eagles. Yeah. Lions. Like they, they, we just should have never wavered from those five teams. Right? I know. And so, you know, grander scale probably just should take the Chiefs the rest of the way. But yeah, Sam Darnold is 27. We saw what he looked like at 22, 23, 24, 25 and 26. But we should probably should have stayed with that. I really like Sam Darnold. Like I really thought that video of, of how much his teammates loved him.


I was in, I was like, man, this guy finally, it's like a rescue dog. He finally found a home and now he might be your new New Orleans Saints quarterback. Poor saint. Yeah. Before we go, so your team fired or didn't fire? What did, what was the word? What did they do to Mike McCarthy broke up. They're so bummed. Yeah. They, you know, there's just not gonna be any parted ways. Negotiations. They parted ways. Yeah. I'm in the middle. I know you tried to get me to hate McCarthy, but I, the very few wanted him to come back. Very many wanted him to be gone. I was somewhere in the middle. I appreciated that. He won 12 games three years in a row. That's pretty great. I feel like it's like a getting a new iPhone. Like, you know, the, the one you have is old and shitty and it's got like a crack in the front and then you have to charge it every three hours.


But you're also a little worried about the new one, right? Yeah. Yeah. What if they have some bugs? I didn't realize. Yeah, yeah. On my app's gonna transfer. Is my email gonna sync up? I don't like what they did with the photo albums. Like the photo albums the old way. Yeah. And so if the photo album is gonna feature fricking Dion Sanders, I gotta be honest, I I I might be out. I may have to tap out on this team for a little bit. Oh, stop it for a little. You're not doing that. I don like fantasy don't want fantasy is like, I don't like it. No Fantasy is always, he's fantasy's threatening to quit the Jets now. He quit the next, next couple years ago. I it's a, i I need a break from the clown show. Gimme Ben Johnson. Aaron Glenn Tomlin. Zimmer Flores, I don't care any of 'em. Dion comes in and that, first of all, he sucks.


He really does. If you watch, I've watched college. His clock management scheming as bad as anybody else's. Right. And he was 13 and 11 as a coach for Colorado. I'm not even gonna count Jackson Fing State. You And I can go six and six, coach him with good assistance. 13 and 11. We're gonna sign this guy and pay him $8 million. Buy him out. That can go six and six. Oh yeah. That's great. Yeah. Congratulations to six a lot and six coach experience. A lot of video game experience. I so listen, I don't have a dog in this race other than I love talking cowboys with you, especially on this podcast. I don't understand what he was doing the last 12 months. Jared Jones. Yeah. Where they brought McCarthy back after it just seemed like after the playoffs he was out.


It was so, such a humiliating loss or like, no bring let's bring him back. They bring him back. They do all the weird contract stuff. There's multiple points in the first half of the season where it seems like they're just gonna fire him. They don't, they string it along even though the season's over. They've lost dak they string along the whole year. They lose out on multiple guys who might've been interesting hires. Right. And then they part ways with them. I don't get it. It's just, it, it's like, did he just not wanna spend one more penny on a coach? He doesn't, he doesn't buy guys out. 'cause Jerry Jones cheap. He doesn't pay out with the coaches. He doesn't, he doesn't pay out. Well first of all, in the real world you'd be, everybody would be fine with this.


Like yeah, people should be able to play out their contract. Right. And that's it. You don't have to give everybody an extension two years. But it's more like he missed out. Belichick and Abel were the two best guys and he missed out on both of them. Everybody's saying Belichick might have, listen, he might not have taken that job. Maybe he'll even turn that do job down even though he has it in North Carolina. But I, well, but you know, I, I feel like no matter what, whenever they announce the head coach, my reaction, I would be my, this is gonna be minus 2000 that my reaction's gonna be, eh, that that's, that's gonna be it no matter who they name. Unless it's Dion. It's gonna be a lot of, lot more vitriol than that. But it's gonna be, it's gonna be a Ron Rivera type, isn't it? Well, worst case scenario is Jason Garrett.


That is terrible. That would be the fun, the funniest outcome is Jason Garrett or Billy Bob Thornton and Landman would be the two funniest, the funniest outcomes Dion I think would just be a disaster. Yeah. I think it's, it's already dicey enough to just grab a guy from college and make him an NFL head coach. Not having been in the league at all against anybody, but to especially do it with somebody who's a pretty green college hedge coach. Yeah. If you said, I also don't really believe that story. I, you know, I don't think it's hard to research like, who broke the story. Do they have Deon said something tonight. Right. Or they be represented by the same marketing firm as the person who mar you know, it's Oh yeah.


There, there's, there's some red flags in general. I don't Right. It seems like it's good for both sides to pretend they might hire Dion. I don't think they're gonna hire Dion. And if this blows up in my face, so be it. I pray you're right because it's, it's like I said, I don't is a shit show or a clown show. Let's maybe make a poll. Let's put it out there. What's what's, what's crazier to you Belichick turning his back on UNC after already going down the road, bringing people in, doing recruiting and then being like, oh shit, the Cowboys job is billable. Good luck everybody. Right? Thanks for everything North Carolina. Is that crazy or is it crazier just to hire Deion Sanders? Well, co coming from who like Belichick, I don't think that's a crazy move from him.


I would expect anything from him at this point. I think it's kind shitty. He did do, he stabbed the Jets in the back. That, what was that in 2000? Yeah. It wouldn't be good to do a Lombardi. You would have to bring Lombardi back. You'd have to put him on a podcast with Van Latham or something. I don't know what you would've to do with that. Lombardi. Yeah, we're here from Lombardi if that happened. But I I don I don't think anything's worse than the Dion thing. I'm sorry. And then what do, so what would they have to get Chador too. They trade. What do they do? They trade. They trade to the Titans does Dco the Titans. And then more picks and then they get door. This could be a complete disaster. Can can I gently nudge back here? Sure. For, for content.


The Cowboys hiring Dion is the fucking best. That's like the best. That would be the number one thing people talked about the entire off season, Dion and Dallas. Is this gonna work? People like you would be like, here's why this isn't gonna work. Other people are like, no you're wrong. This and we would just be off. It would be if you're gonna have an eight and 8, 8 9, I guess eight nine now. 'cause we something games. You're an eight nine team. You might as well have Deon as your coach and not, you know, random Coach X Ben Johnson do anything for you. I'd be outta the, I'd be outta the content business. So it wouldn't be good for content. I mean, for me it wouldn't, I I'd be out. Ben Johnson does nothing for you. No, it's fine. That's good.


He, he, someone like that could deserve it. Right? I think Aaron Glenn, right? Flores well, Aaron, well Aaron Glenn I think is a, actually a really good coaching candidate. Right? But it seems like he has, seems there's some Jets Buzz with him now. I've heard that too. And that, you know, Kellen Moore played there. Some names. Yeah. If you're the Jets, like you wanna get somebody who's actually been a part of your franchise and is willing to reconsider going back to it versus what most normal people's reactions would be to that of, I never wanna see you guys again. I can't believe I was on the Jets. How about no coach. How about no coach like Jerry, there's no gm. Why not? No try no coach. See, see what happens there.


Maybe Jerry just wants to act after a Zemi award winning performance of Landman. Maybe he doesn't care. Maybe he's got the acting bug. I don, when I mentioned it to you, don't believe me. You told me you were right. You were right. I have to hand it to Jerry when he does something good. That was phenomenal. The, the crying whatever, the fake crying and really good acting. Does it make like older? Like does Sir Anthony Hopkins look at that and be like, you son of a bitch. You're making it, you're making a mockery of our, our business, our craft. Well it is like if Anthony Hopkins just like coached the Niners one year or one game and did like a, had a really good quarter, just popped in and called some plays and was like, do this, do this, do this. I'm trying to think of any other candidates.


I think Vrabel would've been great. But we took him, Pete Carroll, Pete Carroll. They talk about you've kind of moved sideways with McCarthy where you had this experienced veteran coach who's had success, who won a Super Bowl in the past, but is in his mid seventies. I'm really okay with anyone but the clapper or Deion Sanders. That's so, so your do not your DNH do not hire list is the clapper. That's it. Dave Campo. You wouldn't want Dave Campo back. I I'm ready to be somewhat disappointed either way. But it's gotta, it it starts with those two at the top. Not that he's being considered Jason Garrett. I mean Jason, Jason Witness actually his, his name has been thrown out there. Jason is actually, it's actually up there.


If there are some, you could look at odds. Some places he is like third. Really? Yeah. Was Aman in any of the odds or No? I didn't see Aikman. No. He's happy being upset in the booth. He's not gonna move on. Would you rather have Dion Sanders or Daniel Kelson as your head coach? Daniel, be fun. Hey buddy. Daniel and Jerry drinking parties. No practice today. Come here girls. Look at the cheerleaders. Brought you guys. Isn't this nice? They made brownies, lemon shots for everyone. Our friend Daniel, our old executive producer, he would be really, he would definitely bring the, the seventies cowboys back.


Yes. Maybe he the nineties, the back. Oh man. You're so, you're, you're in the dumps with this Dallas situation. No, I, we just have to get off this Dion thing And I think he made a statement today and so I think you're right. They might be playing each other against, but he said, Colorado's my home. Whatever. These guys are all liars. Anyway, but he, he said he couldn't leave. So, but I'm here for Colorado for at least the next five minutes. All right. All right, let's wrap it up. That was good. We went 32 minutes. That's, that's good. Two more scheduled. So next time I see you, it'll be Sunday night. It'll be after the fourth playoff game. Yeah, we go a little early. So Bill, yeah.


Bill's Ravens. We'll go a little early. We'll go hopefully live on YouTube. Yeah. And try to get that going and try to get it up as fast as we can. All right. So good job by you. All right. Good job by you buddy.


This episode is brought to you by Peloton. Life's always changing one season. You're trying to break personal records and the next, you're just looking for a solid routine. Peloton is here for all of it with workouts that flex to fit your schedule, whatever it looks like. You've got options from four week strength programs to running, cycling and everything in between. Pelotons got the tools to adapt to whatever goal you're chasing and this season of your life. And here's the real kicker with Pelotons, I'll access membership. You can work out wherever you need to at home on the bike tread or row or even on the go with the app. Take your favorite classes with you to the gym on the road, wherever. So whatever you're aiming for that 5:00 AM club or squeezing in a late night session, Peloton is ready. Whenever you are, find your push. Find your power with peloton@onepeloton.com.


This episode is brought to you by Amazon Prime. Here's the thing about Prime, whatever you're into, it makes it even better. I love because we watch a lot of prime movies for the re watchable. I love being able to pop up the x-ray thing that tells you what actors and what scene. I love that. I love being able to rent movies that just came out or buy them. If I'm excited to do that from streaming to shopping. It's on prime visit amazon.com/prime to get more out of whatever you're into coming up as promised. Me and Peter Schrager talking about coaches and owners again, we taped this six days ago on Tuesday and ended up not running it. 'cause I ended up not doing that second and third podcast last week. So there's a lot of good stuff in there. Listen, if you want, it's, it's a little dated but not really. And I really like some of the stuff we talked about. So here it's right now, alright, we're taping this part of the podcast late Tuesday afternoon. Peter Schrager is here. You know, normally we don't have you on Tuesdays, but yeah, so much weird coach shit's happening in the NFL. I can't keep track. It's like you blink and another coach is on his way out. It Did you expect it to be this chaotic or usually this happens after Monday. Why is it happening so staggered like this? Yeah, I I I didn't think that it would be this timing. I thought it would all go down Monday morning. The, the word I got on Antonio Pierce getting fired on a Tuesday afternoon as opposed to Monday was, well that's, that's Mark Davis. He goes at his own timeline and goes to the beat of his own drum and you know, they pierce does a presser and then, all right, that's a one o'clock Monday presser. It means nothing. Tuesday. He's shown the door mayo was interesting. You know, I go, I go outta my way not to ever fire coaches unless I know they're getting fired. But there was a lot of reports over the weekend that Mayo was safe barring some sort of calamity. And I'm like, well I guess he didn't watch what happened the Saturday game against the Chargers where the entire crowd is chanting fire mayo and they're going up to the box. And I think the comments by the linebacker, you know, on local radio, calling out the fans matters. I think a lot of things happened in that last two weeks and then specifically in those last 24 hours. But bravel interfering with the jets don't minimize that. I I think it might have rattled some cages. It should, it could have lit some fires. But at the very least, YY you know, it's, it, it all culminated in what you saw immediately after the game on Sunday. The Vrabel things really started going about three weeks ago. That's when the buzz started building. That's, you know, I don't think it was coming from him. I just think that it was clear he was gonna be the number born candidate. And the Pats thing was going south and we were talking about on this podcast every week, like sometimes you have the wrong coach. It happens sometimes a guy's not ready to be a head coach. It happens. There wasn't a single sign this season that year two was gonna be better with the staff, with the head coaching, with the game management, with the preparation. The team was going backwards in every way. So I, you know, everyone I, it's really split and the people in my life, 'cause some people are pro Ben Johnson And I just can't believe like if they have a chance to get vrabel, I just can't believe A, he's available. B he's has Patriots ties, C has a relationship with craft d He's a really good coach. I thought I went, I went back And I deep ded some of his Tennessee stuff. First of all, it goes, makes the AFC title game at with a nine and eight team. The next year goes 12 and five with Tana Hill. Lost the Ravens Good team. Yeah, right. Tana Hill, half a season of Derrick Henry. All of a sudden Dante Foreman was a huge part of that team. AJ Brown about to get pushed out and beat some really good teams along the way that season. And then, you know,


house And I got killed. A million dollar pix I remember, or in real life in the playoff game, Tannahill just completely shit the bed in round one. They were like eight point favorites. And from that point on, he never had a quarterback again. We had Tana Hill washed up, Malik Willis was in there. Like they, you know, it was cute B roulette. And then he eventually left 'cause he didn't get rid along with the G who's no longer there. He got fired today. So, well I think this feels like a, like a miracle that he, he's available. I also think you're starting to see some of the stuff that was going on in Tennessee. You talk about instability. Tennessee fired in consecutive years. John Robinson, the gm. Yeah. Then Mike Vrabel the head coach, then they hired a new gm and of course they've fired him this year.


So three straight years. They've had a, a firing of either a GM or a head coach, which doesn't tell me that's the most stable franchise either. I'm not a ologist by the way. I, but kudos to the Titans though, because you know, we have these incompetent male owners. I'm glad we threw in an incompetent female. I I like having the diversity incompetent female owner. It's just good to have her in there. That's it. We can only talk about the Johnsons and whoever else for so long. Now we've got Amy, Adam, Goldbridge white guys. We're getting boring. We needed a female. We got, now we got white women. Yeah, I I also am not a verbal apologist in that. You look at the record down the stretch, those last two years and a lot of people who are Titans fans have reached out to me 'cause I've been beating the drum for Vrabel also saying how outrageous it is.


And they're like, guy, he, he, he, they didn't win and everyone in the, in the building was miserable under him at the end. So you take that too and you're like, all right, well I'm not there every day. So it, look, he, he did his year in purgatory. He did his year with Cleveland Wisely got his contract to end the, the week before regular season ended, which was actually a brilliant move because he can interview in person. Whereas the rest of these guys, even if you miss the playoffs, you cannot interview in person for a head coaching job if you are employed by a team. Yeah, that is smart. Did he do that intentionally or he got them to just I'm give him credit. I'm gonna give him credit. He's, he's very good with rules in the games. If he played this one right because Bill it was brilliant.


He can meet in person. No other coach currently employed by an NFL team can meet in person until January 20th. And only the one seed teams, the guys from the Lions and the Chiefs can even meet on Zoom this week to interview for head coaching jobs. So all these other guys, you know the Liam Cohen who, who's the offensive coordinator in Tampa and the Cliff Kingsburys and all these other guys who are playing this week who want to interview for jobs. They can. And even when they can, it'll be in the future. And they have to do it by Zoom. Mike Vrabel can go on a traveling tour and meet with whoever. Now the other guys who can do that, Pete Carroll, who we know is gonna interview with the Chicago Bears this week, which yeah. Is happening.


And Adam Shefter was right all along on that. And we also know that Rex Ryan interviewed with the Jets today. I can give you updates on that. Just stop with Rex Ryan. Stop. I mean Ron Rivera interviewed last week And I guess that would be, and then John Gruden if someone Ron Rivera. Yeah. After his Sterling, Sterling run in Washington. Let's get him another job. If someone wanted to interview Gruden, they can interview Gruden. 'cause he's not currently employed anywhere. I don't think there's been any slips in for Gruden yet. So other than that Abel's like, shit, okay, you want to interview Ron Rivera and Rex Ryan. All right. And then interview me in person. All right. And then go interview Aaron Glenn on Zoom on Wednesday when he's trying to, you know, figure out his whole playoffs and all that stuff. So Vrabel time this thing perfectly.


And Bill, I hear you Ben Johnson. Well, he's the hot candidate. There's no other who's, who else is there? Ben? Ben Johnson would be, would be the hot name. And the thing with Ben that is appealing if you're the New England Patriots or if you're him, is he's got North Carolina ties. He was at the University of North Carolina. And you go to Drake May and you go to May's family and there's a real Carolina Chapel Hill thing. The irony of course is that Belichick's there now, it has nothing to do with it. And that with Drake may and $130 million in cap space, there is a lot to, like, if you are Ben Johnson walking into that situation as well, especially if you have a certain fondness for May. But I think it's all but done, I would think variable.


I would be shocked if it's not variable at the end of the day. Well, they sped ru they this Rooney rule, which you know, was an important rule they created and then they just speed rush through it to ba it's basically a speed bump if you know that you're gonna hire somebody. And the way that they rushed into interviews today to kind of get that part over, it's not good. What's not, it's not good optics. It's, it's bad optics. And guess what? And it's not a good way to do it. It's not the Patriot's fault. That's the league rules. And they followed the rules. They interviewed two minority candidates. You told us we had to interview two minority candidates. We did it. And like, I know that sounds abrasive or whatever, but that's, that's the rule. And they did it. And I see a lot of people saying they sidestep the rules and it's like, go tell Pep Hamilton and Byron Leftwich that they were, you know, that they shouldn't have interviewed.


Like I, it's, it's a shame. But they want Abel or Ben Johnson and that's who their eyes are set on. And I'd be hard pressed, I calling out the crafts as you know, as bigots or anything. They just, they just hired an African American coach last year. So I don't, you know, it's, it's, it's a troublesome situation for the league with the, with the minority. It's a rule that they can't, they can't really nail the rule. I think with the crafts. I think they probably just looked at some spreadsheet. A friend of mine made this joke, I'm passing along and whoever was the cheapest flight from wherever they lived to Providence, those probably like, were, were the two they brought in. It's like Brian Lewi, oh, Jacksonville of Providence, it's $289 coach.


Let's get, let's get, so let's put him in. This is my fear. If I, if I'm a coach taking over the Pats, they don't spend money, they medal and they've been a, a fucking disaster for the entire 2020s. So Vrabel I think can at least walk in there and go, I know this building. I know the crafts. I know what the Patriots mean. I know, I understand The Patriot's way. Whatever the concept of that was, it's gone now with Belichick and Brady, they're both gone, but he at least understands it. He's a link to it. And that all that could be appealing on top of Drake may. Yeah, that's Drake Mays. It's the best situation of all the open situations. You mentioned Ben Johnson. This is, I started saying this earlier And I tailed off.


This is a very divisive text, red subject now with the Pats fans of my life. And I was gonna say Ben Johnson or Abel I, and, and here's the thing. When are you finally gonna say Enough with the building and enough with the Belichick and Brady, and let's really start anew because you bring Ben Johnson in. That's a guy who's been in Miami and that's a guy who has been in Detroit and there is no real connection to that New England universe. And it's like, all right, I'm gonna finally take a job after three years of being the hot candidate, I'm coming in. You're gonna have to pay me X amount of dollars And I'm gonna wanna bring in my guys, and no offense to what Mike Vrabel and Bill Belichick did in the 2006 season or when what Tom Brady accomplished in 2010s.


I, I think it's time you guys needed a new coat of paint And I'm gonna bring it in and if you're hiring me, you're giving me the freedom to do that. You know what? I don't like your tone. Peter Schrager. Talk about it like your tone. I don't like your tone right now. Are we not? Okay. Vrabel obviously is in a different boat because I think it's actually interesting that Vrabel didn't choose to just go back to New England and work for Belichick. Yeah, he worked for Bill O'Brien and yeah, there's been connections, but he did it on his own. He went to Ohio State. He went to Houston. Yeah, he went to Tennessee and like he went out of his, he was also traded unceremoniously by Bill to Kansas City and that wasn't, you know, necessarily his choice. Big, big mistake. I don't forget, well let me throw this at you 'cause this is one of the things I've been talking about with people in my life.


How many times does the hot play caller actually become a good coach? We've seen this over and over again. It's, it's the steichen, you know, Kingsbury mcd, it seems like there's one or two every year and it's like, this guy's a Whis kid, Bobby Sek last year coming up that first Houston season. People are like, oh, Bobby, now it's like, you know, I don't think he has a shot in hell, but how many times does this guy actually work? Versus my preference would be the culture guy. The Tomlin. The Harbaugh. The guy who's like, I'm not really a specialist at anything, but what I'm good at is building a football team, coaching different types of things, running a staff, being in charge of different units of a football team.


That's my, that's my secret power. That's Abel's secret power. That's what he's good at. I would rather have that versus the Wiz kid offensive play caller because we already have a great quarterback. Like I'd actually rather have a really good defensive guy, a guy who could build an offensive line around him. We already have the talent and offense. It's, it's a great philosophical question and it's also, you know, this year there just isn't a large pool of that. So in recent years, Jim Harbaugh always flirted with the NFL and we know there was considerations in Minnesota and there's considerations in Chicago. He's that guy. Harbaugh's a culture builder. No, Whether you like him or not and Kyle Brand said it on your podcast before the season started, wake outta bed, you're gonna get 10 wins outta Jim Harbaugh the first year and they got 11, you got it.


And they got 11 and they went over and they're one of your 27 teams that you got right? Because you knew Harbaugh is, is is a winner. That's what he does everywhere he goes. I know it's divisive on your pod when I go and rave about him all the time. But Sean Peyton is a winner. You bring Sean Peyton in, he's bringing in his guys, he's bringing in his systems he's gonna to buy with who like bots on on the internet. Yeah, yeah. You know, I get people get, get fuck off. The podcast is free. Settle down. Hey we talk about how you're like freezing cold takes and all that. I got killed for the Jets one, but I'm gonna take a bow. I said the Broncos were going to the playoffs. I think I was the only person I said they're gonna the wild car route. I'm like taking my victory lap and everyone's like, we don't give a shit. Like, I'm like fine. No, nobody bats a hundred percent at this. I had Scoot Henderson as I mortal Lock to become an all star in the NBA and he can't even play.


Guess what? We took a swing. You liked them, you did a swing. I genuinely felt way. You saw, you believed in the Jets. You doubt discounted some, some red flags with the history of the franchise and an agent QB coming. Now we know don't back an agent QB coming off an Achilles injury. That's it going forward. I know now, I now know this. I had the Jets winning the AFCs. Never again. Never again to that though. Recent years there have been those guys or there's been a college coach that's like, ooh, like Urban Meyer at the time they were like Jacksonville's in a free fall. Urban Meyer, you know, he's been a college coach at a high level. Like Kirby Smart doesn't seem to be being mentioned right now. Dion Sanders's name is not coming up right now. Nick sa well it's coming up with the, there's Vegas rumors with him already with Dion.


Okay, well that'll start coming, but then Nick Saban is not coming outta retirement it sounds like. And then you start going down the list and it's like, all right, well Kingsbury coach, but it wasn't like Kingsbury was Bill Walsh over there, so he's not really in that conversation and Matt naggy coach, but he got fired. He is not like a culture guy. We don't, so it's Vrabel that's the only name and you could say Pete Carroll and you know, but like we're talking about ascending, you know, a, an exciting hire for the fan. Pete Carroll might be exciting for Bears fans. He's also in his seventies and that's more like the Joe Gibbs bring him outta retirement or he got old might be in Seattle. I, I just think if you're hiring Pete Carroll, it's almost like a PR energy move where you're just trying to change some sort of bad stink around your building.


Like to me, Jacksonville a a team that's like been rock bottom the last couple years and just needs some sort of jolt and he comes in, he's playing basketball with the coaches and you know, he's great with the media and maybe that'll work, but that it's not like for the Bears. That doesn't make sense. Yeah. And again, he's a culture guy so like he's got the energy of a, of a 40-year-old or a 50-year-old so like he'll run through. But I'm just saying this year that pool of like leader of men, CEO, like unless you're talking to Mike Tomlin and John Harbaugh and I'm trying to think of, you know, got, you know Andy Reed's not going, those are the guys 'cause they're CEOs and they run a team and they once were coordinators Tomlin of course on the defensive side.


So you're more on my side now with the, you want the coach to be more of a CEO. I'm not saying Ben Johnson can't do it, but I think over and over again it's, it's hard to, you know, this is something, you know, Lombardi's talk about this on the podcast all the time, that being running a unit versus running a team, people don't realize what a jump that is. And you actually have to be really interested in, hey, what's going on with the special teams? Why aren't we good at this with the defense? Hey I've noticed and when we're in nickel this, this and this is wrong. You can't just like be holding your play sheet. This is why McVay, who I think was a hot shot shot Blake caller, he's not, he's a good story there. But he's not an offensive guy.


Like he's a, I coach a whole team guy. He's a big picture guy. He's, he's personnel, he's everything. And here is your devil's advocate to that argument. So when Jeff Fisher got fired, they interviewed everybody. They had really liked a few people I remember they really liked Matt, Patricia, they liked Doug Marone. The Rams were in the market for a new coach and they had a lot of guys who had a lot more experience. McVay was 30 and Stan Cro talking with Les Sneed and Kevin Dem off their president and he is like, I, I just don't know, he's, he's young. And the argument that was made in the room by Kevin Less and then eventually Stan got on board was, okay, so he is young now and we miss on him this year and then next year he's hired by someone else and he's 31 and he is doing it for somebody else.


Mike Tomlin, when he was interviewing, he was a defensive backs coach from the Minnesota Vikings comes in, meets with them. Everyone thought that job was gonna be Bruce Arians or at the time, right, it might have Russ Grim, I believe was the other one who was interviewing that. It was gonna be one of those guys. They hired Tomlin. You didn't know those guys were gonna be leaders of men. They took a swing and they did it at a young age And it worked out. But there are so many other, that list is endless from Nathaniel Hackett to, to all the other one coaches. So it's your worst case scenario because yeah that's a combo of play collar only, but also was working closely with Rogers and maybe wasn't as and was with an offensive head coach.


Endless with an offensive head coach. So that's like, so I'm looking back at some of the coaches that have been hired that have just coached in the last, Dan Campbell is a CEO type. He was a tight ends coach, never called plays and the lion, but had experience though. He, he had coach, interim coach. So at least like knew the lay of the world. I feel like when it goes wrong for these coaches, they don't have a specialty but they also don't know how to build a culture. Which was the Mayo issue. Mayo was like, he's the defensive guy. It's like was he, he was never even the defensive coordinator. He's the outside arm backers coach. Yep. And and it's like, is he a culture guy? Is he, because our culture is going sideways as this goes. It's a good problem to have. I guess Bill O'Brien is another example of like, oh, offensive guru.


But the culture thing in Houston never got there. Right. Well he also eventually, well they gave him the reins. He eventually grew into a really good head coach and then he also had player personnel decision. So he ended up being that guy and then it all came tumbling down then that that was like almost too much for him. Yeah, I think it's gonna be vrabel if I'm putting my money down. I'm saying it's Vrabel as well. Let me ask you on a, on a shock scale if it is Vrabel. Josh McDaniel is oc Oh not shocked at all. Not shocked at all. I mean his kid spent 15 years living at, remember he was with New England forever and he took brief. He might still be living in that area. I'm just saying his kids went to high school there.


Like there is, there is a lot for and he didn't end on bad terms there. He took a job with the Raiders, he didn't leave, he didn't get like blown out the door. So yeah, I think McDaniels is a very good possibility. John Gruden as what? Oc I think so that would shock you. That sounds like a seven and a half, eight. I'm going through the head because no I think, I mean I've spoken to multiple people around the league and they're surprised that Gruden hasn't gotten head coaching league interviews and the only reason he wouldn't is because of the emails from 2012 that came out or 20, I think 2012 is when they were, and obviously they're horrendous emails but that's the reason why everyone thinks Gruin is an elite play caller and can still be one of those leader of men culture guys.


And I actually think the bar stool stuff that he is been doing where he's out there and he is on videos and a whole different generation is seeing him break down and tell stories and be human. Yeah. Like that stuff works And it was what I think Belichick was trying to do this season two by doing the McAfee and the Manning cast. Like let me show a different side of you, guy of me that I'm not some grump. And I think it worked to a point that he got that that North Carolina job as well. It's smart. Pat Riley invented it. Yeah. Went to NBC, right? Wasn't he doing that? The Lakers did studio and NBC for one year. Who was he with? Who was the studio artist? It was him and Costas. It was actually really good. It was one of the first good and what was that like 1990 things? Yeah. And then just seemed handsome and like he knew what the fuck he was talking about and then it led to the Knicks just turning the, turning everything over to him after John mc, after John McLeod was the Knicks coach who was the Knicks coach before that.


I don remember there's a bunch of, bunch of bad ones. Jackson, what do you think the best open job is? I, to me I would've said Jacksonville if they blew out the the gm because the owner doesn't medal, the owner doesn't. But you're inheriting a GM who is a survivor, a classic office politics survivor And I don't know Trent Balkey, I'm in this a long time And I know a lot of people say he's a fine guy like we've met. But he has a way with with this owner and he's had a way with Jed York when he was in San Francisco that he outlasted everybody. So I don't know if you're a head coach, if you're a young guy like Ben Johnson who's been waiting for this opportunity and has turned down offers and has is really been really thoughtful and deliberate with this.


If you're going into a job where a GM has now is getting his third head coach, so the best job I, I mean I know it sounds like I'm kissing your ass or I'm beating at you like you're not kiss ass. The best job is the Pat's job. The downside is the pat is you have this kid, the crafts, the front office, the lack of spending, the fact that, but the salary cap, the salary cap money is there. There's $130 million. Well they spend it. I mean also I think what people realized after Belichick left was Belichick was he was the, he was the guy, you know who was the superintendent of the building but could also show the, show the units but could also fix anything that happened and also lived in the building and he basically was worth seven things.


He was the super downstairs. Yeah. Yeah he was Mr. Roper combined with like an electrician. But I think when he left I don't think they realized how many like small stuff. 'cause he was so like hands-on and so all over the place. So he leaves and they have this bare bone to everything after that. Yeah. And the crafts have been super cheap in every respect for the last 10 years. They, what did they get an F and that the player and family thing. F Yeah theys they sat on a cap up this year. I would be, if I was taking that job I'd be nervous. I'm like, are you guys, how much is Jonathan in a medal? How much am I gonna be able to spend? Are you guys going to start spending more on scouts? Am I gonna be able like part of the reason they couldn't get offensive defensive coaches, coordinators, van Pelt was like the 12th offensive coordinator.


They weren't paying big bucks for it. Yeah. It's like do you wanna be our offensive coordinator? Here's a shitty offer and our team sucks. It's like, oh I can't believe we couldn't hire anyone. Do you, do you think that year of misery and hearing Fire Mayo and having CBS cameras shoot to them after every bad play, you know showing the owners on TV and the Apple doc and the Apple doc, do you think that spurs them to now open up the wallets? Remember that one year Belichick Belichick was even was able to go bonkers with free agency and he did after that Horrible in between year after Brady. Now by the way, underrated free agency looking back, John U. Smith, hunter Henry, not Aguilar, like all those guys, Jetta Smith was an awesome weapon. I don't know what happened to him in New England.


Juda Judon, right? Juda, yeah. Big money. You go back and it's like alright, not bad. Not bad. I would also say with the Patriots, you know, they're gonna now be paying, they're paying for that mistake. Gerod Mayo is gonna be paid out his full contract as an NFL head coach. Right? So I know this is a league thing. It's also an owner thing. Like there is, I believe the number was something like hundreds of millions of dollars that is just dead money that owners are spending on fired coaches around the NFL right now. That's, it's a strong safety. It's like it's they have 53 men. Rosters cares. I know but, but for a league that likes to maximize its money and poor things into international and pour things into flag football and pour things into women's flag football.


Yeah. For the owners to spend hundreds of millions of dollars on fired coaches so they can laugh and get paychecks and double dip with other teams. Like that's not a good look either. So for the Patriots, if you're telling me that they're notoriously not big spenders to know all of that and still fire Mayo after one year and still pay him out, his full contract tells you just how bad things were in that building. Yeah, I don't think he was making a shit load of money would be my only thing. But you made me think of something though. I maybe they should pass a rule that if the fired coaches then have to do media for the NFL as part of their contract, there you go. Like they, they just like have to be on podcast. We have you on retainer, you gotta do, you gotta do podcast. It's like the coach franchise. The Belichick started now it's like now we have Gerard Mayo and Robert Sala the worst job out of all the open jobs in your opinion.


I think the same job. I think the Saint's job's tough because the Saint's job, you still got Derek Carr on the books. That's a franchise that still hasn't torn it all down. And you've still got Cam Jordan, you still got De Mario Davis and it's a roster that's kind of in between. Now Mickey Loomis is the gm, he is been there forever. He is got great success And I think there's a lot to like about working in that building. You kind of lay low, you're, you're in your own little world. Peyton loved it there for years and obviously Mickey's gonna do a good job with free agents in the draft, but it just feels like you're still in a purgatory there until they tear that whole thing down. And the quarterback position is Derek Carr for the the near future counter.


Pretty mediocre division. Yeah. Winnable games. That would be the case for Jacksonville too. You take over Jacksonville and you just look around and you're like, ah, we could, I, I think the worst job's the Raiders, 'cause you got Mark Davis who just seems like he changes his mind every five seconds. It's a D for building man. Like I know all the league, like there are 31 teams and there are the Raiders. Like yeah there are people in that building who I really trust, good sources. And I'm like, so I guess aps good. And they're like, dude, we don't know. Like they didn't know. No one knew. And then today he's fired. It's like, all right on we go. You know? So you have the organization complete absolute cluster. Fuck. I'm also in the same division as the Chiefs Chargers and Broncos.


I have those coaches. I have Mahomes, Herbert and even Bo Nicks. And then I have those three coaches and I'm just the black sheep of that division. I also have the, you know, a pretty high pick in this bat, in this draft, but not high enough to really do anything. I got Brock Bowers and Max Crosby and that's about it. That's a brutal job. And, and my owner's already paying three other coaches before he started to pay me. And they, they whipped on so many drafts that even hitting the Bowers pick, you know, do you want the crazy irony of this whole thing? So last year around the, I was at the Senior Bowl and obviously I'm talking to Kingsbury, he took his year with USC. He was working, working with Caleb and he was working with Lincoln Riley and he interviewed for several offensive coordinator jobs.


He interviewed for the Philly job, wasn't offered, interviewed for the Chicago job. They gave it to Shane Waldron instead, even though he had the history with, with Caleb. And then he interviewed with the Raiders job And it was all set, it was done. And then at the end there was a hiccup on the, the, the length of years on the contract and there was a miscommunication and Cliff was like, I don't like where this is going, I don't like where this is setting up to go. And he is like, I'd like Antonio Pierce, but I didn't know what was going on. And there was a lot of like people, I met with them twice in person and then Dan Quinn called and was like, do you wanna be our offensive coordinator? The number two overall pick. And he is like, I'm in love with Jayden Daniels. Yeah, let's do that instead. Yeah. The irony is they have now fired Antonio Pierce.


So you take his salary, they fired Luke Gety, the offensive coordinator you take, take his salary. They fired several other offensive coaches. It's about $20 million mistake right there. If you thought Cliff was the guy based on length of the contract for the offensive coordinator position. So there's just little things like that that people don't seem to like look big picture at. And it's like, oh they fired their coach again. But it's every step along the way that gets you there. It's fun. That funny that every single job has some sort of Yeah, but attached to it, right? Like the Jets actually have talent. That's the thing. They have talent, you know, but it's like how do you, how do you take that job and know that you're dealing with, with the owners and all the dysfunction that's there, the Bears, you have a potential franchise quarterback.


I used the word potential 'cause I I I wouldn't say it was like the greatest Caleb beer. You have some weapons, you're okay, you're in an absolutely brutal division. Tough. But that front office and that organization is a fucking hornet's nest. There's a lot of people like you're walking into a Game of Thrones the moment you get in there that is there, is there like a worse hornet's nest organization than the Bears right now? Probably not. Well it's, it's just a lot of cooks in the kitchen and they'll tell you that Ryan pulls the GM is the one at the Switch, but he's got a president above him who's very active in Kevin Warren. Yeah. And it's like, okay, well if, if he's the one at the switch, well who am I reporting to? Because am I reporting to him or the, and then he got the McCaskey and then there's other people in the building too.


So those interviews, I'm curious to see who's at the table because there's so many different voices and you like to think they're all on one page. I've been told, And I think there's two things here. One Ben Johnson has this reputation that I think is actually wrong. I've gotten to know Ben a little bit over the last few years And I think, you know, good offensive coach obviously does all this stuff. But like good dude seems his name was dragged through the mud last year for what happened in Washington where he went down the road with Washington and Bob Myers and Josh Harris and those guys thought he was gonna be the head coach, or at least they were flying out to meet with him. And he pulled his name at the last second And I think that rubbed a lot of people wrong. And then around the league it became like, yeah, they made it seem like he left his husband at the altar or something.


No doubt. Like he just decided not to take the job and he told him, I'm not going for the, I don't wanna interview again. He didn't even accept the job. We've seen Josh McDaniels accept job at Indianapolis and then bail. Like that's something worse that I'm like, yeah, wayward. But like then Ben's name got absolutely trashed as like some, some like maniacal mad G that's not him. Like that's not him. I, and it's, it's gonna be interesting to see how the narrative of him goes if he doesn't take one of these jobs and goes back to Detroit because Carolina was his a couple years ago. If he wanted to go for that, I think David Tepper and those guys were very interested in him, didn't interview, stay with Detroit, Washington was probably his if he wanted it last year. Didn't interview, interviewed once, didn't interview the second time, stays with Detroit and if he's not blown away by Chicago or wherever else he's interviewing, like he doesn't need to take it.


I wouldn't take the Chicago jet. Guess what he, I know it's gonna come out that he, oh cool, I get to be in the same division as Detroit, Minnesota, and Green Bay. Well And I have no offensive line. He didn't, he's not interviewing with the jets and a lot of people are gonna say, well why aren't the Jets trying to interview him? Think the Jets got word that like he's not looking to go there and that's okay and that's fine. So I think the Caleb Williams thing is exciting. First overall pick has crazy raw talent and there is an allure to being the coach of the Chicago Bears. It's one of those prestige franchises. It's not the Jaguars, it's not the Saints, it's the Chicago Bears. And there is something to be said for when you win in that city. What a legend you can be.


Which we haven't seen for 40 years. The Bears job is like good fellas. It's like it's over. No, no, it's over there. It's like walking down that night street. No, no, no, no. One by the no no's right over there. Keep going. Sorry, I just wanna go there. Let's take a quick break.


This episode is brought to you by LinkedIn in basketball, a blockbuster trade can make or break your playoff run before the deadline. GMs across the league scour for the right data and insights, hoping their moves pay off February 6th trade deadline this year by the way, just like in basketball, growing your small business in 2025 all comes down to how well you can build your team. That starts with better insights from LinkedIn with unique skills and interests to the connections you have in common. LinkedIn has the strongest hiring data and insights to help you identify the right professionals so you can make the best hiring decisions. LinkedIn pairs you with the high quality candidates you need to make your business grow and flourish. LinkedIn also lets you go beyond candidates who are actively applying in a given week. 171 million LinkedIn members aren't actively seeking jobs, but they are open to new opportunities who isn't? That's a big pool of people you don't wanna miss out on. And who knows, one of them could be your next all Star player. So hire smarter in the new year, find your next great hire on LinkedIn. Post your job for free at LinkedIn dot com slash simmons. Once again LinkedIn dot com slash Simmons to post your job for free terms and conditions apply.


I have to ask you, you talked to a lot of people, what was the reaction to people in the league, to the Patriots actually winning that week 18 game game? Was that in your text? What were people just like, what just happened? No, because that's the league. Okay. And we've seen it year after year after year. The, I, I think I've told you on the podcast that there's only like a handful full of games in my life covering the final week where like the bad team actually doesn't show up and loses. And one of them you have to, you have to do what? Like you have to physically like go outta your way to put backups in and give them no like preparation. And I called a game And I wouldn't accuse them of doing this like on on record.


But I would just say this, the Buccaneers were playing the Saints in the final week of the season and Jamis Winston and Marcus Mariota were the two top picks in the following draft. The Bucks had like two and they played all backups. And I remember Sean Peyton after the fact being like, for real, like that's that you guys played those guys and of course they secured the number one overall pick and they would say, well we didn't, we were just playing our guys. Girod Mayo had no reason to abide by any rules he put in Joe. He did not. That was part of the problem. So what would you have done? Would you have fired him on Saturday and said you can't play week, you can't coach week 18. It Well they clearly he wasn't gonna save his job if he, at that point the decision was made. They, they clearly knew based on how long that statement was, that came out like an hour today.


I it's 30 seconds. It was well written. That takes three hours to get that statement correct. So they obviously had that during the week. So what do you do in hindsight? Do you fire him on Saturday and say let's just, I think you let it, I think if you know you're gonna do it, you let him go midweek. You have somebody take over. I don't think you play any of the starting receivers, right? Yeah. Even Booty playing was was crazy. Yeah. Like they, it should have been Poke and Baker the entire game. They're playing Antonio Gibson, they're playing Milton the whole game. The bills were like, wait, Trubisky is doing too well they yanked him. Mike White's in Yeah, you watched the Chiefs, they were like, whoa, we we oh no part. Yeah, there's ways to do this. And the problem is they, they, Milton was really good against Buffalo second string and then Buffalo, once they realized they had a chance to screw the pass, they were like, great Mike White, they the ball pun Mike, Mike White was in league.


No, I didn't know Mike White was still in the league and they're punting the ball and the New England 35 and they're, you know, it, it's really hard to look at the coach in the face, look at the players in the face and be like, don't go out and win even if they're backups. So I I right. Nothing surprised me. The fact that Giants lost the fact that Giants beat the Colts is still one of the most insane things. 'cause they're in desperate need of a quarterback. Yeah. And they, they, they won that game and they played themselves outta the first or second bat that was, I watched that game And I had money in the Colts. Drew Lock was great, it was awesome. The Colts were absolutely horrific neighbor. A bunch of dumb shit was shit. Yeah. This Pat's thing was different because you, you at least have to have the OC involved. You tell the oc you're coming back next year, can you just call a lot of runs up the middle on third and third and eight or some bad screen passes.


I don't know it's, but you said it to Sal on Sunday night. Like, And I know you made the joke with Jack shit, but it's like, if you were to tell me that we made this monster trade and the trade was just the first overall pick for the fourth overall pick, but we won that game, like, and we fired the coach. It is truly insane on paper. And yet we see it year after year that this happens. The final team in the final week wins a meaningless game and the players celebrate on the sideline because it got pride and then they cost themselves the first overall pick. It happens every year. I was talking to a couple people, people about it this week, how crazy it is, how expensive these franchises are. Each one of them is a business worth between five and $10 billion. Yep.


And at least half of them are run horribly. Like they're, you know, the, the diner down the street where you're like, why did, why did they have to shut down the diner again? What happened? It's like, oh, this guy taking in hepatitis B the chef. So they had, they had to fire him, then the hell stepped in, but it's gonna be back. You'll be able to get omelets in a couple weeks. That's like how 10 NFL teams are run. It's, I I just don't understand it. I don't understand how people this is, I know some of the times they inherit it, it's been explained to me like sometimes the people that own the teams, the personality of whatever got them into that job is basically how they operate the teams. So if you're a hedge fund guy, you look at everything as like risk or this boom boom, boom.


What are my two choices? If you're like somebody who builds and has a lot of different people reporting to you, maybe do that, maybe delegate more. If you inherited it because you were some rich kid, then it's the combo of I wanna prove that I'm not just a rich kid. But you also don't have kind of the history or the, or the street smarts to know how to operate this year to year. So it's pretty rare to just find good owners, you know, And I, I'm gonna, and we know who the good owners are. Absolutely. And you know, which owners have gained the trust. I'm gonna find a tweet that, so there's a guy, Jake Rosenberg, who used to work for the Eagles and now he's like a, a gm. He writes this And it was a tweet And I thought it was like pretty spot on.


Running a comprehension, a comprehensive search for a head coach is exhaustive and expensive and generally a huge pain in the ass. At the end of the day, not all owners prioritize winning enough to justify the expense and the time burning. Sad but true. Most NFL GM hires are doomed from day one. And the reason is the hi, the, those who hire have a lack of clarity in what skills and experience actually determines success in the role. Which is so true. So you have these owners who time and time again, are the ones making the decisions and they're the ones at the table like, well I like that guy. Okay, he's the, but we have no, we have no justification that they know what it takes week to week, day to day in the building to actually identify it. So it is, you know, a mild piece of insanity where the owner of the company is the one sitting at the table and he has the right to pick this year after year.


But like the people making the decisions don't necessarily know exactly what goes into being a great coach. It's pretty crazy. And then you have somebody who finally figures it out like the Chargers and they were, gave them for a while. Gave, they're like, You know what we should just do. Let's just bring Jim Harbaugh and let him figure it out. That's what you do if you're the owner. Just overspend on the guy who could run the whole thing for you. The Broncos were such a bad place after Nathaniel Hackett and they had missed the place. They basically told Sean Peyton, name your price, we'll pay the highest amount of money, just come in and just build this thing back. And like, they didn't look back. The owner, yeah. You know, they're Walmart folks and it's Greg Penner and they're from what Sean says, great owners and they just let 'em do it once Dude go do what you want, like a two $50 million salary cap a year.


No doubt. So it's like, oh, the Jets, oh, oh no, I have to pay my coach $10 million. I think they give a shit. So the Jets thing is interesting. So this year, instead of it being Woody, you know, meeting with the, they bring in tandem Bauman Spielman who used to do the job I, I know, but had been removed and I'm not sure that it, they casted a very wide net here and they're doing in-person interviews tomorrow. We're recording this on Tuesday. So they're interviewing two GM candidates tomorrow. Alec Kalbi, who was kind of the strategy and an and analytics and also does, he's the assistant general manager in Philly under Howie right now. And then a guy, Mike Borzi, who's the number two to re veach in Kansas City. Like those are the right names. Like you should meet them. They're doing it, but the room is Spielman Tannenbaum and then it's Chris Johnson, Woody Johnson, and then it's Jaime who's their president, and then maybe one or two other people.


So you like to think that these, that's, you know, bringing in Tanenbaum and Spielman who have done this before and have hired helps, but I don't know. We'll see how it turns out. Right. I'm, I'm dubious, I'll tell you one guy, if I, so, if, if, if I was buddies with an NFL owner and they called and just said, what should I do? And it was the list of the usual suspects, right? You know, this guy, oh, this guy's bouncing around. Hey, there's Pete Carroll. I really like the Notre Dame coach dude And I barely know anything about college football. I had to, but are we, are we sure that he just can't be overwhelmed with some, like why can't he be the Bears coach?


He's already in that part of the country. Anyway, go back to November. I reported on Fox NFL kickoff. It blew up on all the Notre Dame blogs I reported. Oh, you became a Notre Dame villain. Yeah, because when they fired Eber flus, I said a name that's being talked about is Marcus Freeman in Chicago, which it was. And he has Big 10 connections with Kevin Warren. He was an Ohio State player, obviously went through the ranks. He was a hot name within that Bears organization. And then I was accused of being used as like, leverage because they gave him a huge extension in Notre Dame. Just what happened. But I would still call him, dude, he's a great coach. What does an extension mean? He could still leave a hundred percent, pay him more. Break the contract.


Marcus Freeman. I really like that guy. To me, he seems like a culture guy, which is what you should be looking for if you're the fucking bears and you have no culture at all other than the hornet's nest. It was real. I mean, that was real interest. What do you, what do you think of Dion as an NFL head coach? Does that do anything for you? Is there just too much that comes with that? With It really doesn't. I, I, I just don't think he's been a head coach for long enough. And it seems too risky. I don't wanna be risky with my $7 billion team. You know, like if you're New Orleans, I would think about it, right? I'm going nowhere for two years. Let him take his lumps, let him learn on the job. But I, I just think going from college to the NFL in general, there's been so few success stories. We've seen some of the best college coaches ever weren't that good as an NFL coach.


It's true. You know, it's true. So I just think it's a slightly different skillset. That's why the Marcus Freeman, I, I don't know, I did a deep dive on him And I was just intrigued by him because he's awesome and just like watching him on the sidelines, like just as, I don't know, there's something about him, sir Rudy, are you on this, that fourth down play where they threw the guys and they threw the, the punt team on and then they did the fake punt and they threw him off sides. That was the coolest play of the college football season. Sir Rudy, what do you think of Marcus Freeman as an NFL head coach? He's 38. He did play for the Bears, which is interesting. Yes, he did. He's made Notre Dame like kind of likable too, to the neutral, you know, totally big thing like my whole life.


Like if you yeah, like, it's like, ah, Notre Dame, like, like, you know, unless you're a fan you kind of hate them. I don't know. I kind of like this Notre Dame fan. 'cause you go from Brian Kelly, who you know Yeah, yeah. Respect, you know, not, not a very likable dude. And now it's like, wait, Marcus, free this guy's awesome. So I, I don't know. I mean, I don't know if it'd work, but I think you would win the PR fight Absolutely. At the start. Absolutely. I, to me I would much rather do that than some RET retreat or roll the dice with some offensive coordinator who's not even that hot of an offensive coordinator. So Rudy, if you could take any college coach and make them an NFL coach, who would it be? Oh man. Like, like that actually would succeed in your opinion. 'cause you, you love college football, you follow it, you love it.


Is there a guy that you were like, man, I bet that guy would be a good NFL coach? Man Freeman Freeman is the, I'll give you, I'll give, I'll give you the name that's been buzzed a little bit. Hasn't got any. Yeah, Sark is a name that, 'cause he has NFL experience and he is great on the offensive side of the ball and he's kind of got this, you know, bravado around him that he can dominate over room. And he was great in Atlanta for that year with Dan Quinn. But go on through. I want your thoughts that much he's, He's like Cliff with more success like right at the college level essentially. Because he's actually won some games. Even though I, I do like Cliff, you know, Is Dan Lanning? That, that doesn't make sense. He's not, no, that's a not a specialty guy. He's seems like another guy. He's Got Marcus Stream involved. If Lanning had won that game, I think there'd be a lot more buzz.


Not that it cost him anything, but like there was, there's some, there were some people at NFL teams asking me if I'd heard anything on him. Yeah, I mean Rem the thing is, it's, it's kind of, it's kind of fleeting though because remember, I mean Lincoln Riley a couple years ago was like, Hey hot, is this guy gonna be an NFL coach? And now it's like nobody, you know, is he gonna get fired? Like is he any good? So I, it's tough. I some the offensive, offensive guys. Yeah, the offensive guys were always sexy. PJ Fleck was a name for a while at Minnesota. Yeah. Not, not a Matt Campbell, Iowa State was the hottest name for about five years. Matt Rule was a hot name. Obviously he got one of those deals like Kirk, It comes and goes all, all those years. It was always like, is Kirk Ferry's gonna get a job? Yeah. Year. Are we sure that rule couldn't be a good NFL coach? He might be. I don't know.


Like I go back that, like that famous picture that got floated around during this season, this year of Donald and Mayfield together in the Carolina that that team he put together and then I felt like he got fired a little prematurely. I know they weren't doing great but then that team almost made the playoffs. The team that he, that he did. But he was like the hottest name of the past so hot six years for college now he's just not a good coach anymore. 'cause he, how'd they do? Went to go with Da David Teer. Yeah. Did Nebraska do anything this year? I know they had the kid that dresses like Mahomes and they played at Yeah. Mahomes. Yeah that Pinstripe Bowl. Dom Olas kid. But are they, was he viewed as a good like Nebraska great this year or No be Better than, you know, I, the problem with Nebraska is like of all the like the down, you know, historic programs, they're probably like the hardest one to bring back.


'cause it's just how do you get, how do you get talent there? You know, you used to just get all the big offensive linemen, whatever. But yeah, I think, Okay, the black shirt defense. Yeah, that, that's a huge turnaround. I, it's not the, the thing is I personally would much rather roll the dice with Freeman Dan Lanning Matt rule again versus like I I, I love Pete Carroll but I just, I don't see it. I don't see how that should move when he's 75 years old or old. He is, if we're playing connect the dots, I would say if Vrabel goes to New England, I would imagine Ben Johnson is Chicago and he just needs to, despite the bullet and say I don't know what I'm walking into, but like I want that job. I want that quarterback. If he's gonna leave, I would think Chicago Jets, I would look at Aaron Glenn, I would look at, I would look at him as a former jet and a defensive coach, which might not be whatever wants Glad you brought him up.


I've been, I was so impressed by him in that Minnesota game. I did. I thought. Thought that was commercial coaching win. Yeah, it really was so good. And he's a former jet and he is all business and he's waited his turn and he is been with New Orleans and he is been with Detroit. The other name for the Jets, there's two other names that I would say and obviously I've got sources there, but like it's gonna go down to the interviews. I don't have an idea of how these guys do. And they're interviewing 12 people. Yeah. Joe Brady in Buffalo interviewed with the Jets back in 19, back in that same year where Todd Monkin and Matt Rule and all those guys interviewed and Adam Gates got the job and Joe Brady was like 30 when he interviewed with them and was awesome in the interview. He was just too young And it wasn't time.


He has since done the whole thing. He went to Carolina, then he went to Buffalo. Like that could be an exciting hire. And then Arthur Smith is a name that will not get the fans excited but he interviewed in 21 when they gave it to Sala and really did a good job with the Jets interview there and was the hottest name. And then he chose Atlanta and then you've gotta now build yourself up. Now look, I don't know if Pittsburgh's offense is worthy of a head coach being hired, but Arthur Smith's an adult in the room and you know, he is competent. It's just he's never had a quarterback in either Atlanta. And I would argue in Pittsburgh either. Yeah. If I was Arthur Smith in the interview Sir Rudy, they'd be like, so what happened to Atlanta? I would just be like, can you go on pro football reference and look at the fucking quarterbacks I had And it, that's what happened.


What am I gonna do? I had Marcus Mariota and, and the Ridler Desmond Riter. What was I gonna do? That's why I had surprise Drakes that like most of these guys like why isn't quarterback like almost more important? Like Harbo, I like the second time around was like, alright, I'm not gonna a place quarterback because He's smart. Yeah. Sean Payton, Sean Peyton I think knew that, but it was like, wait, how much money? Yeah, no. And they, him they's this much money. Give it a year And you'll figure that out. Wait is that much? Yeah, but that's, that's why, that's why the Pats are in such a good spot with Drake. Maybe because great spot. There's seven of those guys in the league and he's one of 'em. You and Caleb's Caleb might be too. So that's why I think he's possibility. I think they know that.


That's why New Orleans is difficult. Jacksonville, the book is out on Trevor. Lawrence like Jacksonville to me it's tough. Saw the list of names. Like that's like, you know, maybe Liam Cohen, who's the offensive coordinator in Tampa, he gets a shot. He worked with McVay and like he's very highly viewed. Maybe that's the, the Jacksonville guy. And it's like, all right, like all right, it's his first year. He's a quarterback guy. He'll work with Trevor Lawrence. We'll see. But I don't know if anyone's banging down the doors to work with tr Balkey and Trevor Lawrence. Trevor Lawrence would be ser Did you admit defeat yet on Trevor Lawrence or No. Still all Done. No, absolutely not. Is a that's a Jaguar's problem. I think he's gonna be fun. Yeah, I don I don dunno if he's gonna be like a top five guy, but Er never admitted defeat on Jonathan Isaac. So he is got a good track record.


That is true. I Refuse to Trade him for years. He did. He always, he was turning down every Jonathan Isaac tradeoff crushing Nicks last night I was watching. I look on the one hand, I'm a big quarterback, has to be in the right situation with the relatively right coach guy. On the other hand, I just don't see it from Lawrence. I don't see it like the way sand Arnold played in that Lions game when he was sailing the ball and everything that Lawrence does that every game and Darnell, at least you could make excuses for him. It was like the hostile environment. It was a probably the biggest game of his career. You know, he got off to kind of a iffy start. Like I I'm, I've watched him all year, I'm willing to excuse it. I just, how many times can Lawrence just suck?


But that's why I think the, he looked So, so That's why I think the best job strikes is like if, if, if Ben Johnson wants the Jags job and he goes, Hey, I'll take the job if you fire bulky. Like yeah. Do you think that, which I think there is a window because Chad Khan, I mean bulky is on the Zoom and Shad Kahn, they ask him about it and he is like, if the head coach comes in and says he wants me to reevaluate the gm, I will. So that's, that's why I thought it was such an appealing job from the go. 'cause there's the, the cons really do not meddle. They're one of these owners that are super wealthy. They've got a million different interests and they're like, we're hiring the coach to do what he does in the, if his son's running a wrestling league. I'm so glad you brought this up 'cause this is another friend. 'cause I was talking to a bunch of people this week and this friend said the most single most important thing a coach should look for is the metal scale with an owner.


Yes. And it was like Washington, they barely talked to Dave. Dave, 2020 of them. Josh Harris talks to them like 15 minutes twice a week and that's it. And they just, he basically delegates. 'cause he is got a million things going on. Hundred percent. The cons are like that. The crafts are not like that. The crafts are in your life. You take that Pat's job, you gotta deal with them. Jonathan's gonna call, Robert wants to go like he's just gonna be around and wants to know shit, I'll tell you. So you gotta factor that in. There's a job, a job that is not currently vacant but a couple coaches ago where every Monday morning the owner would come in and the head coach had to justify like three different, you know, play call decisions to the owner. That's a, that's hell, you don't wanna, you don't wanna go through that. That's not the cons.


They don't do that. Josh Harrison doesn't do that. Stan Croy doesn't do that. Like you have to figure that stuff out. But the GM being bulky there. Now that would be a red flag just because I don't know the guy and I'm, I've been very picky and very selective. The Jet's job is actually intriguing 'cause it's a blank slate right now. So if you're one of those guys, you're like, all right, well maybe I, if I was saying with Vrabel, if Vrabel can come in and be like, I wanna bring in Ryan Cowden my friend who works for the giant CCP at the Titans. I want him to be the GM with me. If you take both of us then I'll consider it. Like, I think Vrabel could do that, but it sounds like he's gonna to New England And it sounds like Elliot Wolf is safe up there. Yeah, we'll see with the, with the Balkey piece. Ben Johnson should just tell Shad Kahn you realize that when Harbaugh left, he hired Jim Toula.


You really Same guy. Yeah, same. The the, and by the way, your team's way worse now. Maybe, maybe there's something here with bulky. I I wouldn't say the track record's. Great. I wanna give you two more names 'cause I know there's, they're fool around for gm. Does Mike No for head coach does Mike McCarthy as a free agent? He can't interview with anyone until at least January 14th and they already denied his in ability to interview with the Bears, but that they can't do that after Ja January 14th when his contract's up. Does Mike McCarthy, a CEO leader of man and 12 wins all these years Super Bowl, but also Mike McCarthy, does that interest you at all? Bill? If you're a team looking for stability, yes.


If my team sucks and I'm like the Raiders And I just want some sort of professional franchise, again, I, if I'm trying to win the title, maybe not as excited. What about you sir? Rudy, If you're the Raiders, you're gonna be terrible regardless. At least take a swing on somebody who has upside. Like I know what Mike McCarthy is. I, I, Mike McCarthy went to the Cowboys press conference and basically said he didn't do any homework on the team and didn't want, like, this is not a guy all due respect. Like if I'm the Raiders, I'd hire Dion over McCarthy. 'cause at least like you're kind of entertaining and people are talking about you and maybe his son goes there and maybe it works out with Mike McCarthy who has more like whatcha getting, Who has more leverage in that situation if it's January 15th? Do they don't come to a deal?


Jerry and the Cowboys or Mike McCarthy who might have options to go elsewhere? Because I think Mike McCarthy, there's like seven jobs open. I think you're right. I think you're right. I get one of 'em, like, at least that, that's one of those where it's like, well, at least he won't drive the car into a tree. You know, like Dion. I have no idea if that guy would be of, it'll be really fun. I hope he comes into the league just from, from a content standpoint, it'll be awesome. But I don know if he's Gonna be a good coach in two years. Same spot in two, like, like the Raiders are going nowhere. So what's two years? If it doesn't work out in two years, you're probably at the same spot you are now What about if you're the Jets who just went through this tumultuous thing and you're like this.


Mike McCarthy interviewed for the Jets back in 19, I believe, and he was like just fired from Green Bay and no one in New York wanted him And it didn't happen. But like, I don know, I thought the Dallas era of McCarthy is like 12 wins. 12 wins. Lost his quarterback, didn't win 12 games, like, I don't know, maybe on the road. And the team kept playing hard for him this year. I was surprised. Well, one, the one appeal with the Jets is if they hired McCarthy, that's a final FU to Aaron Rogers. There it is. Final pack. Luck, buddy. That's it. This is, this is a wrap. Does Rogers play next year? By the way, it sounds like it's over. You know, it sounds like it's over. I didn't speak to him. We have a relationship, but he wouldn't tell me. But like, it just the way he's talking and he gave that, those, those quotes day before the game and then, you know, the Pam Oliver said like, I love you and gave her a big hug.


Like it felt like this is like my goodbyes. Like I, it they'd have to be a perfect don't think situation. I don I don't know if it exists. What do you mean you don't think I say No, he's got too much competitive spirit to end it that way. Yeah, I think he's gonna wanna try to latch onto a really good team where he could just steer the car. What do you think Siri, Mike McCarthy and Aaron Rogers in Vegas says, no, definitely With Tom Brady as the owner. That is, if you showed, if you showed Aaron Rogers like 10 minutes of, of Brock Bower's tape, the guy's freaking an absolute animal could live in Vegas. Nice living, no taxes. It could be All right, I Devon Adams back. I think the worst job is the Giants job of all the jobs.


But it's not open in general because the ball, because day ball took it back. No, I just, I thought that one was gonna be open up and maybe they hired or brought day ball back because it's like, who the fuck would want this job? It's like we have no quarterback, we suck every year. Our cap space is kind of screwed. Do you wanna be our coach? No thanks. So they're better off just bringing them back. Can I give you another name? Yeah. That Glaser mentioned on Sunday, but this has been bubbling a little bit. So Mike McDaniel got a big contract extension this year, and he was hired the same year as Kevin O'Connell. The Vikings opted not to give Kevin O'Connell their extension before the season, meaning next year is the final year of his contract.


So they can do it whenever, but there hasn't been an extension done. So Glazer threw out there, he's entering the final year of his contract. And I don't think the Vikings after this season, and he's gonna be Coach of the Year, would be willing to do a trade for, for just a normal trade. Why? Why would they ever get rid of Kevin O'Connell? I don't think they will. I think all that stuff that's out there, like they're gonna step up, they're gonna pay him. But if you're a team, do you offer three first round picks? Do you offer if you're the Jets? No. You don't even go down that road. You don't even entertain it. No, because they wouldn't entertain it back or it's, it's not worth be check was only worth one first round pick when Kraft, the only great thing Kraft ever did other than keeping the pats in New England when you traded a first rounder for Belichick.


Yeah, I think a coach is worth one first round. Okay. I don dunno, you disagree Erie. That's what Sean pay went for. Yeah. Thi this reminds me a couple years ago, it was actually many years ago now remember we were having the, like, would you rather start your franchise with Brad Stevens or Giannis? Right. And we were, people were actually like, oh man, Brad Stevens, you know, culture like, you never know. Like, Yeah, this wasn't quite honest yet at that point. Like, no, it was a good argument though. I, I love, I love KOC, but that's, that's, that's insane. Yeah. Yeah. One pick. Would you trade? What do the Jets have? Like the ninth pick? I do 10th Pick jets. Have the seventh pick in the draft. Yeah, That's, that seems intense. It's a lot Real quick. Traeger. Yeah, the Rex Ryan thing. Is that, yeah. Let, is that a thing?


I'll tell you. It happened today. It can't be true. It happened. So Rex flew down to Palm Beach and he and Woody and Tannenbaum have like a really strong bond and Rex comes in there and he basically is like, guys, I don't know if you're gonna gimme this job. There is no person on this earth who wants to be the head coach of the New York Jets more than I do. There is no person that wants to turn this organization around more than I do. I have been involved with the game on ESPN. I watch it all. Like I want to be the New York Jets head coach. I don't wanna be the Saints coach, I don't wanna be the Dolphins coach. I don't, I wanna be the Jets head coach.


And I think it was refreshing for them to hear somebody like not just come in and be like, all right, yeah, no, I wanna be a head coach of an NFL team and here's my credentials. Like Rex went about it a totally different way and you will not find someone more passionate in that interview. Will he get the job? No, I don't think he's gonna get the job, but I do think it was worthwhile for him to go down there And I think they enjoyed the meeting at the very least because they can't meet with anyone else in person anyway And it wasn't a waste of their time. And Rex gave him a little bit of fire today And I think they appreciated what Rex had to say because there's no one else who's gonna come in there and say, and honestly mean it with the passion that Rex does. Like I don't wanna be the coach of the Patriots. I don't wanna be the coach of the Lions. I wanna be the coach of the Jets And I wanna work with you guys.


Maybe they should schedule more interviews with people who have no chance of being an NFL coach, but really wanna coach the Jets. Like are there other people? Are there actors? Could Larry David go in there and say, coached in the Jets? Bobby, Ralph fac, they've got a nice little group of good jal May's had a good run here. Maybe you know, you get him bring Yeah, now they could do it. That'd be great. Yeah. Yeah, you could do it. That's it. What are we, when are we getting him on the pod bill? Like what's the like that has to be happening, is it not? Apparently he is overseas and hopefully we will get him later this month. There's no one who, if he doesn't come, I'm gonna be super upset. Seriously, there's no one who he, I mean I think he's, come on following like three people in, you just come on the podcast show like what do we do? Come on.


Alright, thanks Sar. Rudy, I got one more thing for Schrager. Better go. Is it about your Netflix cameo last night or not? No, no, no. I thought you handled that great, dude. Thank you. What else do you want? Just wanted to do. Everyone in my life felt I, I handled it perfectly. Very impressed. Shakes, good to see you. Thanks. You're the man dude. Thank you. Alright, that's it for the pod. Thanks to cousin Sao. Thanks to Sir Rudy and Kyle and Gaal for producing. As always. I'm gonna be back probably with a two-parter on Thursday at least a one parter, hopefully a two-parter, assuming that everything goes well in Southern California on Tuesday and on Wednesday. I'm trying to be super optimistic. So next time you see me Thursday and then maybe re watchable on Wednesday too, if we can do that mailbag podcast on Wednesday that we're hoping for.


So let's hope for some good weather, some decent weather, some non windy weather in the next two days. And hopefully when you hear my voice on Thursday, things are a little bit better and we're headed forward here in Southern California. Stay safe everybody. See you later in the week.


Must be 21 plus in President select states for Kansas and affiliation with Kansas Star Casino or 18 plus in president dc. Gambling problem, call 100 gambler, visit rg-help.com. Call 1 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org/chat in Connecticut. Or visit md gambling help.org in Maryland. Hope is here. Visit gambling helpline ma.org or call 8 3 2 7 50 50 for twenty four seven. Support Massachusetts, or call 1 8 7 7 8 Hope ny. Or text Hope and Y in New York.


This episode is brought to you by LinkedIn in basketball, a blockbuster trade can make or break your playoff run before the deadline. GMs across the league scour for the right data and insights, hope in their moves. Pay off February 6th trade deadline this year. By the way, just like in basketball, growing your small business in 2025 all comes down to how well you can build your team. That starts with better insights from LinkedIn with unique skills and interests to the connections you have in common. LinkedIn has the strongest hiring data and insights to help you identify the right professionals so you can make the best hiring decisions. LinkedIn pairs you with the high quality candidates you need to make your business grow and flourish. LinkedIn also lets you go beyond candidates who are actively applying in a given week. 171 million LinkedIn members aren't actively seeking jobs, but they are open to new opportunities who isn't? That's a big pool of people you don't wanna miss out on. And who knows, one of them could be your next all Star player. So hire smarter in the new year. Find your next great hire on LinkedIn. Post your job for free at LinkedIn dot com slash simmons. Once again, LinkedIn dot com slash Simmons to post your job for free terms and conditions apply.