
Welcome to The Bill Simmons Podcast, presented by a Fanduels sports book. So I went to the Lakers game last night. It was my first Luka Don in-person experience. I got to see some of the number 77 jerseys. Did I look around and wonder, are there more 70 sevens than 20 threes in the audience? I might have looked at a couple sections and wondered about it. But something cool really happened during the game. Luca came out, he always tests these first quarters, and this is something he always did in Dallas too. You kind of wanna watch the first quarter of a Luca game 'cause you never know what the ceiling's gonna be like. They like, at some point he's gonna score 75 points in a game. It's gonna happen. And he usually tests that first quarter to see if how much he's feeling it.


So he does it in this Lakers game. They're playing Denver. There's no Yoic, there's no Murray. 'cause God forbid you go to an NBA game and see all the stars on both teams. There's no LeBron either. Luca comes out, he's course 20 of the first 33 points and you could feel a buzz building in the arena. That is the sound you only get to hear when this is happening with Curry. When Curry's hitting threes, you go back in time, like when Kobe was feeling it some nights when Michael Jordan was feeling it. Some nights it's, it's the rarest sound you get at a basketball game where everybody's like, holy shit. You start looking at the scoreboard. So with like four and a half minutes left, the Lakers had 33 points and he had 20. And now everybody's like outta their minds, they, they just can't, oh my, is he gonna, is he, could he score a hundred?


Could he get third in the first quarter? Of course, from that point on he goes down, he's, he's stunk in the second quarter. He wasn't good in the third quarter either. They, they win easily 'cause the nuggets had nobody but the buzz in the arena. And I've been going to Laker games. I moved here in November, 2002. The only other time I felt it at a Laker game like that was when Kobe was playing. And I remember the first time I moved to LA in mid-November and I went to a Laker game maybe two weeks later, somebody brought me, I'd never been to a Laker game before. You know, grew up going to Celtic games East Coast my whole life. Just had always hated the Lakers, hated the Showtime, never really understood it.


And I go to this game and the thing that jumped out to me, it was Kobe and Shaq. It was, you know, it was right after they'd won the three-peat. They lose the, that oh three season. But it's Kobe and Shaq, the, it's, you know, typical really good home game. The thing that jumped out to me just sitting there, it was like, oh my god, these, these fans love Kobe. Like they love him. And it was my big takeaway from the night, like, and there, there's reasons for that, right? He's drafted by the team, he's a teenager, they get to watch him go through the stages, then they win titles with him. Shaq shows up from Orlando. He'd been there, I don't know, four, four years in Orlando comes to Lakers. So he is a little bit of a hired gun, kind of like LeBron now.


And they love both of 'em together, but they really love Kobe. And you could feel that during the rest of the run you get, especially the oh six season. I remember going to a bunch of games that year. It was after the trial. They weren't very good, but he just single handedly scores 35 points a game. And just the at, at some point after everything that happened with him in Colorado, it, it changed the tenor of the relationship of the fans with him in a way that people were like, this is our guy. We are sticking with him through thick and thin. Shaq's gone. Our team's not gonna be very good, but this is our guy. And you could really feel it that oh six season and you know, the only time I can remember where the basketball player was Bird with the, with the Celtics where it was just like a hundred percent approval of rating.


Everybody's all in. This is our guy. We believe he can do anything. And I felt like Kobe got to the point with the, with the fans really in the mid two thousands you could feel it the most. And there was always buzz with him. And that year was the year, you know, that was the year that that he had that huge Toronto game, the 81. But in general he was a threat to do whatever night after night after night. LeBron, as great as he is, was always like a totality of what he was doing. Like the, you know, if you love basketball, how do you not absolutely love what he's doing? But the ultimate LeBron game would be like 32 points. 15 assists. 12 rebounds.


It's a little like yoic. Yo, we don't, we're not gonna tell our grandkids. We were at a game where Yoic had 30, 20 and 15. It's amazing to watch. There's something different when somebody might have the chance to really go off. It's the rarest thing in basketball and there was that feeling in there for a couple minutes. So it was, it was that. Plus you know, there's performance with him where Los Angeles just makes sense as a team that he plays for, he's working the crowd. At one point in the first quarter, some guy in red, he got fouled and Luca, Luca has 20 at that point he gets fouled the guy, this dumb ass with the drinks like ball don't boy.


And Luca hears it and he turns around and he starts talking to the guy, talking shit to him. And now he's just interacting with this whole section. He does things that I think are pretty rare from a basketball standpoint. He does hear the crowd, he does interact with people, he does talk shit. He talks shit to the refs, he talks shit to everybody. He's playing against, like he almost got into it at one point with Peyton Watson and you're watching, it's like, oh, oh watch out. Lucas pissed now he just feels like he belongs at la. And that was my big takeaway. I was thinking about like if you're gonna have the perfect Laker for central casting, you'd want somebody who's a little polarizing, which Luca is right?


Great player, hasn't won the title yet. Little Outta shape doesn't really play defense. We'll have quarters where he just looks terrible. Then a quarter where he is awesome and there's like always the potential of something more. And he is still great, he's still one of the five best players in the league. But it's like, ah, I wonder what else is there. So you have that, you have the performance aspect, which Kobe was unbelievable at and LeBron's great at too. But Kobe, there was a demeanor to him at these games, especially as he really bought into it. That was just awesome. You have the no ceiling in any game you go to with Luca, which I think is as rare as it gets. And it's the thing that I think made Curry so special the last 10 years.


It's like, am I at the game right now where Curry's gonna hit 15 threes? Am I at the game right now where Curry's gonna get 70? You have, there's a one-on-one aspect with Luca that I think's important. There's nobody in the league remotely like him. Like remotely. All the stuff he is doing. Like he got in the first eight minutes of the game I went to last night. Granted Denver's missing their two best guys, but he beats, he beats everybody off the dribble for eight minutes in a row and he is doing the herky jerky stuff. He's banging people. It's like, it felt like he could post up whoever he wanted. He'd go by, go by whoever he wanted and he could make 27 footers. Oh and he is an awesome pastor too. So you have that, you have the Hollywood redemption comeback story because the Mavericks gave up on him.


Like you could say they traded him, they got a lot back. Well obviously they didn't get a lot back, but they gave up on him. They didn't believe that they could win a title with him. They didn't wanna pay him three 30 million LA loves that. You have the Lakers outwitted another team to get him, which is it. It, I gotta be honest, it feels like the Laker fans have their swagger back a little because you know, you think like really since the Kobe Nash Howard year and then they just sucked forever and they drafted in the top four and the picks were like pretty hit or miss and they missed out on guys like Tatum. And then they end up with LeBron basically. 'cause LeBron just wanted to move to LA and then they end up with Davis 'cause LeBron made them trade everything for Davis.


So now they end up with those two guys. But for the most part, I wouldn't call it the shrewdest team over the years then Reeves is a great pick. And then Luca is the greatest trade in maybe in the history of the league, at least since the Bill Russell trade. So you have that and then you have the night to night with Luca where you, you show up in the building and you don't know where you're gonna get and you can't put a price on that. It goes beyond the trade. It goes beyond what you know, the fact that they fleed Dallas, that they have somebody who's about to the primary career. Like this guy has a chance to be Kobe for these guys. And that's the difference. LeBron came in 2018, he'd been in the league 15 years, he belonged to Cleveland.


So it's a business arrangement. It was year to year and it was great and it's worked out awesome and they have a chance to make the finals this year. But it was always a little bit of an arrangement. Kobe is different. And when you go to the staples and you see the statues when you walk in and we were talking about like last night, we're walking in like, is Luca gonna a statue here someday? You know, the statues are really smart. You go and you see, you see Jerry West, you see Kobe, you see magic, you see Shaq and it's like, whose statue were they? Could LeBron get a statue? Maybe. Maybe if they make the finals this year, maybe he's gonna get one anyway. But Luca, what's sitting at stake now for him is not only can he become the face of the league, we maybe we talk, we earlier the year, we're talking about face of the league.


Face of the league. Like this is it. This, this guy has a chance now to be the face of the league. Could he win titles here? Could you get a statue and could you be one of the big celebrities in LA where night after night after night, people are going to these games to see him, to see what happens with him. And you could feel the buzz already. There's more celebrities at all these games. The energy is different. And I'm not saying it was bad before, but the energy reminded me of what it was like when I went to that Kobe game. It's the same thing. And you, you kind of either have that or you don't and he has it. And it's one of the many reasons why that trade is fucking incredibly stupid. So I just wanted to mention that. Let's get to the rest of the podcast.


You're listening to The Bill Simmons Podcast presented by FanDuel FanDuel. Sportsbook is the best place to bet on the NBA A. We have these fun little Tuesday, Friday player performance stuff. We have same game parlays, we have picks for me sometimes and boosts and all kinds of fun things. Get ready in the playoffs. Download the FanDuel Sportsbook app today to get in on the action. And by the way, The Ringer is committed to responsible gaming. Please visit The Ringer dot com slash rg to learn more. Listen to the end of this episode. For additional details. Must be 21 plus President select states game problem. Call 100 GAMBLER or visit rg help.com.


Hey, we launched a new podcast for The Ringer on Spotify. It is called Good Hang with Amy Poer. Two new episodes, Tina Fey and Martin Short. Check it out. It's awesome.


This episode is brought to you by vrbo, private Vacation Rentals with vrbo. You always get the whole house so you and your fellow fans can cheer on your team in peace. What's worse than watching a game with somebody who's not rooting for the same team? You're rooting for nothing. But that's why if you book a vacation house with vrbo, you know all the people in your house, they'll be friends, they'll be family. Ideally they'll be the ones who also root for my teams. Plan a winning vacation, make it a vrbo.


We're also brought to by The Ringer Podcast Network. I put up a new rewatch. Its on Monday Days of Thunder. I gotta be honest, I didn't realize how many people like this movie. Lot of lot of buzz out there, people pumped that. We did this new Prestige TV podcast went up Sunday night after White Lotus. We did episode five. We have episode six in the bank that is coming Sunday night immediately after White Lotus ends. And then we don't have the screener yet for episode seven. It's gonna get dicey. Folks, there's only two episodes left and we have not seen episode seven. So I will, I'll keep you posted. I know you're on the edge of your seat. We're also brought to you by FanDuel Sportsbook, check them out. And we are going to have Todd McShay talking about the NFL draft a little bit later.


But first Chris Manix talking Boston Celtics sale and some NBA stuff as well. First our friends from Pearl Jam. All right, we're bringing in the new owner of the Boston Celtics. Todd McShay. Congratulations. Can't wait to see what you do with the team. Pretty good money they got for that, huh? Quite the investment. Yeah. Big six with no arena.


So you have the McShay show for us. You have the McShay report of excellent newsletter. That is really becoming more and more exciting as we're within five weeks of the NFL draft. And I absolutely have some special interests because my favorite team is picking forth. But I wanted to go through some of the stuff you have in here. I feel bad I anytime I have you on, I feel like I'm stealing something from Illa. Did do I have to work this out with him? I don't know. I just feel like I'm going in his fridge and grabbing like his grapefruit juice and taking like a big swig. No, I mean you're like, you're like team marillo. I I always feel bad. Yeah, but what, we're all on the team now, right? Yeah. That great. That's a good way to put it. I'm gonna tell him that it's starting to look like one two for the QBs, which is what you laid out a mock draft 2.0 Cam War to Tennessee Sanders to the Browns.


Can we go through all the breadcrumbs of this Cleveland Brown Sanders number two, please? Let's, let's hear it. Alright, So I mean you turned me onto the, what is it, Bana? I had to look up who Bana was. Do you like how I was at deep social media trying to find weird people talking about this? Yeah, I actually did. And, and I'm sitting here, right? And I'm watching tape and I'm, it was running back. So I'm like, I'm on like the eighth or ninth running back and I've got like 20 more guys to do. And then we're texting about that and I was like, you know what, I'm gonna stop down for a minute. I thought I was gonna take like 10 minutes and, and look through and see. Then I kind of got into it my own little deep dive of, alright, so everyone wants to say Shado has got a second round grade for a lot of teams.


I talked to two, two, we'll call 'em sources. Two personnel people right at the combine who were in that in the 15 minute interviews with Shado Sanders for teams that are drafting in the top 10 that need a quarterback. And I was surprised, like the information that came out was, and I'll kind of paraphrase or summarize should it just, we got the vibe after meeting with all these other players and all the years of doing this, you, you can sense how important these meetings are for the individual player when they come in for Shado with us. We didn't get the sense that he cared an awful lot about what we thought of of him. Right. It was almost like he was meeting with his accountant for 15 minutes or something.


Yeah. He was trying to sell them. Right, exactly. And so, so I I'm getting that information and, and I, I look at him as a player who in certain systems, certain situations, he's got a chance to really succeed in the league. But he is not for everybody. He's, he's not a big strong arm mobile quarterback. He's none of those things. Right. And so, yeah, yeah, Because the perception is, 'cause it's Dionne's son, you just in your head you're like, oh, he's gotta be an amazing athlete. And he is actually a way more traditional Quarterback. It's the biggest surprise you'll see. And he was talking about, I'm gonna, I'm gonna run faster than my dad. I'm like, I don't know if you're gonna, if you were to run a 40, I don't know if you're gonna break like four, eight. Yeah. So so you've got all of that.


And so, and now the reports come out from different people in the league. Like what? We don't even have a first round grade on him. And so I get it because in the teams that are willing to talk are the teams that don't have interest. Right? So that's kind of the backdrop. And then you, you know, you, you send me some of that stuff and I had heard that Cleveland's a place that he, that he has interest in, but that's a short list. And there are some teams, and I think those teams that I talked to that he didn't have the, the, you know, overwhelming interviews with are the ones that are on the list where Coach Pride's been telling us since what, October, November, that there's gonna be some teams that I, that my son's just not gonna go play for. So you start to put all these things together and I, I just took a minute and I went back and I looked at Kevin Stefan's history.


What has made him successful? What he's, what has he been successful with? Well, case Keen, he won 11 games with Wow. As a, as a coach. Kurt Cousins, he won 10 games with and, and quarterback coach, offensive coordinator, like hands-on with those guys. And so it got me thinking like the skill sets are the same. Not big, not mobile, not elite arms, but process quickly. That's his secret sauce. That's what makes it Would you put, Would you put Flaco in there? Flaco modern day Flaco still has a big arm but not like, you know, the Baltimore Ravens in his prime Blacko Yeah. And has never been overly mobile. So, so yeah.


So he is winning games with these guys where pocket passers don't have these traits, but they all process quickly. They're accurate passers. That's what Shado is. And so now I'm looking at him, I'm saying Cleveland is in purgatory ca salary cap wise because of the Deshaun Watson deal. So if I'm Andrew Berry and I don't have any information that's saying Cleveland is taking Shado just to make that clear. But if I'm Andrew Berry and I'm saying, all right, the salary cap's horrible this year and it's not gonna be any better next year. We maybe can get a Russell Wilson or make a trade for Kirk Cousins, but that's just temporary. That could help us win some games this year while we're developing a young quarterback.


Whether that's for later in his rookie year or for year two. Yeah. But we gotta get to year two. 'cause if we're drafting this high next year and talk about like Garrett Nuss Meyer from LSU or Carson Beck or whoever the quarterbacks are gonna be next year, we're probably not the decision makers here in Cleveland. We probably lost our Job. I was gonna say like they have to get to year two, not the Browns. Correct. The people making the pick have to get to year two. Correct. So it makes sense that you bring in Kenny Pickett as a, as a backup and maybe he he does better things than all of us expect. No. If forced into duty. Exactly. And but so why are they still in the market for, for these veterans? Well, they're not gonna cost anything. And so it's, they're only op they weren't in it for Stafford.


They're not in it for, for Aaron Rogers. But if they can bring in someone to help win games, whether it's the whole year or part of this rookie year for a Shado Sanders that gives 'em a shot. And then if you have Shado, there's energy, there's excitement about the future. And Stefanski is one of the handful of guys in the league that I believe could get the most out of Shado and actually win a lot of games with. So we're checking a bunch of different boxes that make the NFL draft and the NBA draft so much fun, right? Yes. There's desperation. You have decision makers like I might not be here in a year. What's my, what's my big swing? Well, we have no salary cap space. I have the second pick in the draft.


Nobody's really gonna probably trade up for this. And even if they do, I wanna have a quarterback. We're going six and 11. Seven and 10 next next year. See of that you have the Miles Garrett piece who's gonna leave, get a trade. Something happened. He gave that one interview where they asked him, are you comfortable with what's gonna happen to quarterback? And he is like, oh yes I am. I was like, oh, what is it? Why is he comfortable now? There's no free, it's not Russell Wilson's not making him comfortable. I wouldn't think so. So flag that one. Then you have Sanders like playing footsie on social media with the top Indians prospect, which I thought was notable. You have the dad who if if his son goes second in the NFL draft, it's more money, it's more prestige, all that stuff.


Cleveland And his dad and his dad, like we, we can say all the things you want about Coach Prime and, and, and he is not for everybody. And the way he handles thing is that things are, it's kind of against the establishment. So there's obviously always gonna be pushback, right? But he is dialed into the league and he knows the guys that can help develop his son. And at the end of the day, as a father, right, All You want to do is put your children in a position where they have the, they can help them get the best of what they are no matter what their career path is. And so I think he looks at it and with the connections in the league and his understanding and he looks at it and says, you know what, I'm in a good position.


Yes, he makes more money if he goes picks one, two, or three. But also with that, and it's kind of unique. There are three guys that are running the organization as head, head coaches that actually can coach quarterbacks and he is not going number one where Brian Callahan is. But Stefanski iss an outstanding quarterback developer. Yeah. And, and can work with him and, and Brian Day ball, while he's worked with bigger, you know, Josh Allens and Jaylen Hertz at Alabama, he's worked with guys that have different traits. Brian Day ball can coach quarterbacks really well. Right. So I think the, the combination of yeah, he gets more money, but probably just as if not more importantly, I know I trust where he's gonna go and the people who are gonna be working with Yeah.


And as people listen to this, they're gonna be like, well of course Simmons wants him to go second. 'cause that's, that's gonna push out guys. You should have seen my comments after I, I came out and I I started talking about this. They're like, oh yeah, he, he worked Simmons got to you. He, He Simmons got to you. Right. And, and I, my answer is, yeah, he got me thinking, there's no question he got me thinking with some of the social media stuff that I, I was oblivious to. 'cause I'm sitting here watching like RJ Harvey the running back from UCF right now. Well To be fair, this started in Cleveland. Like there's people that cover the team. There's people who follow the team, right. And they're just kind of reading the tea leaves. And it's, for a lot of the reasons you mentioned, it's, they really are the only chance for them to get a quarterback who might make it.


And this is the most fun part of the stretch for the draft, where you have 50 50 odds usually with a quarterback this high, right? Yes. This might be 40, 60. Yeah. But you start looking hard at the 40. You like, well Stefanki well we have a good foundation around him. Well, we have no chance to get a quarterback. What if we can turn him into something like, you know, Celo has a theory, he would just take a quarterback every year in the first round, I think. 'cause it's like, it's just keep throwing the darts and at some point you hit the balloon. Right? In this case, if you're them, you have no other way to get a quarterback and you are absolutely murdered by the, by the Desant thing. Yeah. The Giants one, that's a little tougher one.


'cause they're not in the same salary cap that the Browns are in. And They're not, but No, but no one wants to. But Matthew Stafford, at the end of the day, he was offered the same, and I've even heard reports, maybe like a little bit more to go to New York. Yeah. But if you're, if you're looking at it and I say I get two, three years left, like I'm not certain that Joe Shane, and more importantly Brian DaBell is gonna be there for two or three years. What's the stability of organization Year? They're they're in the same desperation thing, right? They, they're, if they hit on Sanders, they can save the jobs. Yes. So that's why for, for the majority of people I talked to in the league Bill, it is a later, first maybe early second round grade for, for Shado.


But for the teams that are in these very unique situations, Cleveland at two and the, and the Giants at three, they've, they have circumstances that require them to make decisions that maybe they wouldn't make if they had six years left on their contract. They'd done a lot of winning and they didn't, you know, they, they wanted a quarterback, but they, they didn't need to reinvigorate the fan base and more importantly show promise towards the the future. So this Isn't Mitch Trubisky either because this kid comes with real fame already. People have watched him in college, they've watched him do good things. They like his dad, he's got some pizazz.


Whereas like Trubisky, it's like, hey, he Trubisky started 13 games and he's like, Darko Milic basically, Hey, on paper, this guy's amazing and there's really no evidence at all. And he talked Yourself into it. No adversity didn't have to come back for a second year where defensive coordinators had seen it the first time around. Like Shado. Here's the thing that I find interesting. First of all, when you watch the tape, he's tough as nails. So forget all like the, the diamonds and, and the commercials and all that stuff. Yeah. This guy is an old school throwback pocket passing, stare down the gun barrel, take the hits and pop back up type of quarterback. Okay. Right. And the other part is too, it's interesting talking to, to people in the league I to a t it's like yeah, Prime's getting all the media attention and and people think that that's a headache.


He's not gonna be a headache when, when Shado comes here. In fact, and I don't want to go into a lot of detail and, and it, and it's speculation and when one person's thoughts on it versus another. But Cam Ward's got a, a father apparently who's been very involved in all. And so there's, there's talk in the league of like, and it's not gonna affect where Cam goes. He's gonna be the first pick in the draft. But like the, the interesting part to people in the league is like, we'd be a little bit more worried about the externals with Cam than we are with Sha and Coach Prime. Yeah. And he is also had a big spotlight on him for the last couple years. Right. And abnormally large for qb. There's one other piece. So you were talking about how he didn't do well in a couple of those interviews, right?


Or they, the the, the vibes were off and it Yeah. Nothing was disrespectful. No, just like, Hmm. Doesn't seem like he's Yeah. That interested in coming to our team. He Knows something that maybe we just don't know. And, and yeah. Right. So there's an NBA version of this during the Covid draft when Lalo ends up going second to Charlotte. And Okay, the story I always heard was they, and they have to do Zoom interviews and it's like, it's like the most fucked up draft process ever. And they do the Lalo thing and he's just really off in it. And he is distant and just seems like he doesn't really give a shit about the Warriors and it affected how they thought about, you know, whether they should take or not.


And then it turns out he probably knew he was going, you know, Charlotte, he probably wanted to go there, right. And you kind of perform what your expectations are for where you wanna go. Right? So if totally it's a team and I could totally see it. If it's a team You don't really wanna go to, you turn in a Tom Cruise and risky business where you're like, yeah, I don't really wanna go to University of Illinois. I I wanna go to Princeton. Right? So if he has an inkling that he could go second, he knows in Cleveland, like obviously LeBron was there, like you can become a big star in Cleveland. But I can see it, it's a good situation because their team wasn't bad last year. Like it's not, they're not that far away from being a little more impactful maybe if they had a decent qb No.


And they, and they need a running back and this is, this just so happens to be the best running back class maybe in the history of the draft and certainly since 2017. Yeah. And you know, I I, they're, they're not that far away. They're really not. And I, I go through it if I'm shado and I've got assurances that it could be Cleveland, but if it's not, it's very likely gonna be the Giants. I think that that probably led to what you were just talking about too. You Know, and there's no trade up team. We don't think, 'cause the Raiders got Gino, I don't think that the Jets just went in on fields. I don't see them trading up anyway. And then the Saints, I Do hear that the Jets, the Jets could pull, could throw us a curve ball the first night.


Don't be, let's just get it out here. Now, I'm not saying it's going to happen, but I think there's a little bit of love for Jackson Darton in that building. Oh, it seems like he's the Yes. The bow nicks of this draft Absolutely. Bow Nicks ends up going, what? 12? He went 12. Yeah. It Seemed inconceivable. He was second round, second round, second round. Oh, maybe late first round then all of a He is 12 and If it wasn't Denver, it it was probably going to be second round. Yeah. And, and that place it, it just, Sean Peyton fell in love with him. Perfect fit. And then, and that's how it worked out. And, and listen, Jackson Dark doesn't go seven, which again, I, I'm maybe let's put a 25, 30% chance at, at most at this point New Orleans is a possibility at nine.


But then after that, Another team that's in salary cappel and just completely screwed and have to get a quarterback somehow. Right? And then everyone's like, well they brought Derek cart back. Yeah. One more year. But this would actually be a perfect time to get a, a rookie quarterback as we worked through all the salary stuff. Not force him out there for year one. So I think Jackson Dart could be a top 10 pick, but if he's not then it's like, you know, we talk about 21 to Pittsburgh or a team. That's the other thing. Either the Browns or the Giants are very likely to take sdo, whichever team doesn't, the Browns are picking at 33, which is the first pick of the second round. The Giants are picking at one spot after that.


I, I think you'll see one of those teams, whichever one doesn't get a quarterback wind up moving into the first round. Maybe it's to pick 19 to Tampa or 20 to, to Denver to try to secure Jack Jackson Dart. And also to get that fifth year in the NFL, there's a fifth year option for the first round player. So you want to get that for that extra year of security as an organization. Well in the Mcache report, a very excellent newsletter that everybody should subscribe to pops right into you. It's like, I woke up this morning, seven o'clock I'm looking at text, CEL text all of a sudden got sold, then your newsletter came. I'm like, what a great morning. I haven't eaten that coffee yet. It's coming Have you have the Giants trading up to 19 for Dart you fake trade, right?


34 and 65 and a 26 third round of the Bucks. Yeah. For pick number 19. So in that scenario, the two quarterbacks go one, two, they take Hunter third and we, I wanna talk about that in a second and then move up and take Dart. And now they're like, we've got Dart, we've got neighbors. Yep. Yo Travis Hunter, who knows? Maybe he will play both sides of the ball. And all of a sudden now there's energy with the giants. Absolutely. And it, let's bring it back to the, the top four, right? It's a puzzle. Yeah. And we know one, we've, we've got one of the four pieces of the puzzle with those four picks. I I, I feel very strongly like we've got it planted in there.


Right. So now figuring out the other three, it's almost like the, the rest of the draft starts at pick five. Yeah. You know, like, like Mason Graham and Tyler Warren and the running backs and all this. But the first four picks, it's like how does this work? Right. Well, And let me stop you one second there. Yeah. I refuse to read another mock draft that doesn't have those four going in some order. Yes. I still see drafts from like good places where they're like number four Patriots Will Campbell and then Jacksonville takes Abdul Carter at five. And I'm like, I promise you that's not happening. No, no. If Abdul Carter Isn't four, they're taking Abdul Carter. And, and I put it in there 'cause I, I wound up with Abdul Carter in, in the newsletter and the mock draft 2.0 I, I put Abdul Carter in there.


But I'm very, very clear to my friends here in New England, like, don't, don't get overly excited because a lot has to, a lot has to happen. So don't buy the jersey yet. Tell my buddy Jay not yet. Like don't buy it yet. Wait till like end of April. But if Shado goes two or three, you can, you can buy two jerseys and get rid of one of them. 'cause it's gonna be Hunter or Carter period. But Hunter makes a, a whiff more sense for the Giants, but I thought you laid it out correctly. It makes a little more sense. But if they took Carter, that's, it's not like that's stupid. They would just have an amazing defense of mine. I I think they've prepared like most good organizations do. And I'm not saying the Giants have been, but, but organizations are in free agency are trying to free themselves up to take the best player in the draft.


The Giants obviously have Kon Thibodaux and Brian Burns at at Edge. So you look at it and you say it's not a huge evil, who cares? Like, when you get a player like that at the second most important position you take him. And so if, if it, if it goes where Shado is number two, they have their choice. And so that's a good position to be in. But what if Abdul goes, what if Abdul goes one or two or what a Abdul goes two, right? Yeah. And they're sitting there three and Hunter's the only guy you, or, or if Hunter goes two and then Ab Abdul's sitting there, they've gotta make sure that they're covered. They, they sign resigned Darla at wide receiver, they Paul and a Debo at Cornerback. So they're covered, but they're talking about excellence versus just solid players.


And so Well you put, you put him and neighbors together just from an athlete standpoint. Yes. And Now you Now you have some work, who knows. Yeah. And then the opportunity to go get a Jackson Dart with that, as you had mentioned. So there's a lot of ways it can play out. But for New England, the only thing you really truly have to pray for is that Shadur goes number two or three because then you get either the best or the second best player in this entire draft falling to you at four. And that doesn't happen very often. Yeah. Otherwise you're looking at a trade back and in a trade back, I don't know who's trading up and what you're getting. I mean my, I told you my dream trade would be the Jets move up to four Pats get Garrett Wilson, pats give up their second round pick.


So it's basically seven and 39 for you know, four like whatever the Pats end up with Seven and Garrett Wilson in the deal. And I'm like, I'd sign up for that. Why would the Jets do that? I have no idea. But that's my trade. Yeah, That's, that's where you lose me. I mean, yeah. I'm sorry you had me on the No, I had you. Yeah, I had You. But I, yeah, I, I Think I can't listen, I can't apologize for my dreams. No, not at all. But the thing with the pats is I, I'm not, I'm not a big draft for need guy. When you're not one guy away from winning the Super Bowl, this pat's thing's gonna be like a three year, you know? Ha completely. Like they don't need to be like, we need a left tackle because that way we'll go eight and nine next year. Like they just need, they need awesome players and it really doesn't matter what position they are.


Well The problem is though, if you're in New England, if Sador doesn't go right, let's say, let's say Cleveland in the Giants Pass and it goes Abdul, Abdul, Carter Two Hunter three or vice versa, then it's then now you're, you're in, remember I said like You're in Mebo, you're in Mebo range. Yes. And Mebo is the right, you're Taking him three, four spots too high. Mebo the right, but you kind of have to do it right. Mebo The right tackle in college. And Kenny, he kicked to the left side. Are they comfortable with that? And will Campbell's a pure left tackle, but he is got 32 and a half inch arm length and that's concerning when you're using a top 10 pick. You just want it to be clean. And so, and then you got Jalen Walker from Georgia who would do great things.


Edge Rusher. Right? Edge rusher who do great things in Mike Abel's defense. But again, you're talking about Elite and no matter what the draft Travis Hunter Abdul Carter are elite, they're in that top tier to then like it could be one of like six or seven guys with very similar grades. And now we're now we are focusing more on the need. No it's, it's Lombardi's whole thing about Blue Chippers. We call 'em Red Chippers and then Yes the guys below that, but you, the teams that usually are around the Super Bowl sniffing around you look and they have 5, 6, 7, 8 blue chippers. Yes. The Pats. The Pats only have Gonz as a drink May right now. Plus what your, the nose tackle they got from the Eagles.


What's your blood pressure gonna be like when Cleveland and, and the Giants come up to, you know, to make their like during that 25? Don't don't think we'll know. We'll know, we'll know with Cleveland and Sanders Right. Like that, that's not gonna leak out. Yeah, probably It's a lot of people with interest in that. Yes. Yeah. Don't you think? Probably. Probably. But still like until you hear the name, you're not Gonna, because the only thing that worries me is are the Browns. I and I would do this if I ran a team. Like do you pretend you're drafting Sanders? 'cause you wanna see if the Giants are gonna flip out and maybe offer you something of Foot picks with you and you wanted Abdul Carter all along. Yeah, of course you do. I always feel like, yeah of course I'm just gonna represent that I'm gonna potentially take Somebody.


But the Giants would know, unless you're a team behind trying to get, the Giants would know if you're willing to give up that pick. You're not, you're not taking them. But they could say if you don't swap picks with us, we have somebody that's coming in hard. That's, that's the point Might back 79. The Jets Are surprise team, the Saints, whoever. Yeah. Yes. And then, and then you have the Giants are now trying to use all their intel like find out from our guy in the Jets and how real this is. And that's what makes the draft so much fun. Yes. You're trying, you're basically all playing poker with each other, but it's some of the worst poker players who ever lived. Yes. So you, the biggest questions are Carter versus the other than QBs Carter versus Hunter just who has more value.


And that really seems like whoever just needs whatever they do more, but they every, they're pretty equal. You have Carter above Hunter, but not by it. No shitload. Right. It's like hair. They're Basically identical. The the, the tricky part for Hunter is what's the plan, right? And for a team like New England, I've gotta believe it's, you don't have Drake May and say Yeah we just drafted this guy four overall generational talent. He's gonna be a nickel corners a rookie and eventually our starting corner you might get 20 plays with him on offense. It's just not gonna happen. So Right. Everyone is talking about the, the moonlighting where you'd like to play 'em at Corner. 'cause that's the harder position in terms of developing and the technique and, and being part of part of 11 there.


Whereas wide receivers a little bit more iso one, it's kind of like an NBA thing, you know? Yeah. Lot of one-on-one stuff for New England. I, I can't imagine that would be the case. I think it would be, you're a full-time receiver. We've got, our biggest asset in this entire organization is Drake Bay. Right. And so we've gotta, we've gotta assist that. And this is also our best chance to get a number one receiver. 'cause we struck out trying to get all these different guys. Now you are looking at Stefan Digs and Brandon IU because people are coming off major injuries. It gets a little Right, right. And it's a receiver draft. That sucks. Yeah. So it, it depends on the team. But I'll say this, I think Travis Hunter iss more advanced as a wide receiver right now. I think Travis Hunter can be Garrett Wilson and with maybe like a touch more juice after the catch.


Like I, so I, I would've no problem with him being a 50 snap a game offensive player in 25. You know, third downs, right red zone, that kind of stuff on defense. If you can, if you can manage all that, It sounds like such a fun wrinkle for whoever gets him where if you play him at receiver but he is also like your dime back and it's just like he's in now. Oh my God. He picked one off just Punch or kick. Do you remember like, Or when he would line up at receiver? It was like so exciting. I was, oh my God, are they gonna throw it to him? Right. So that would be cool.


This tournament season FanDuel has given you the power to take control of your bets. Introducing the Bet back token, the ultimate game changer that lets you bail on any bet that's not going your way. By turning it into bonus bets. It's simple. If one of your bets is not heading in the right direction or in the game, go to your My Bet section. Tap the token, get your stake back immediately in bonus bets. Just like that right now for the turn FanDuel is giving all customers a bet back token. It's just a shame the Mavericks couldn't have gotten this for Luca trade. Just head over to FanDuel dot com slash bs to grab your bet back token today only on America's number one sports book. You Must be 21 plus and President Select states or 18 plus and president in DC opt-in required refund issued as a non-metro bonus bets that expire seven days after receipt max refund $5 thus otherwise specified restrictions apply including token expiration C terms@sportsbookfan.com Game pro called win hundred GAMBLER. Visit rg-help.com.


This episode is brought to you by Audi, The all new fully electric Audi Q six E-tron, A huge leap forward featuring effortless power, serious acceleration, and the most advanced tech of any Audi ever experienced technology that puts you center stage with a panoramic digital stage plus an optional screen for front seat passengers. That sounds fun. Perfect for watching the latest sports documentary. Maybe I made it the Q six e-tron is not just a new ev it's a new way to experience driving. Learn more@audiusa.com. Always pay careful attention to the road. Do not drive while distracted.


Then the draft really starts at five. Yeah. And you had Mason Graham going to the Jags and mock draft 2.0. Yeah, it makes, Makes a lot of sense. The running backs are fascinating to me too though, Right? So I was gonna say that the Boise State kid at six to the Raiders, but then you also love Hampton and we could have two running backs in the top 12 even though one of the only things we've learned about the draft is don't take running backs that high. Right. It's it's a disposable position, right? Like I was looking at the 2016 draft in the NFL. Don't ask why. And like everybody in that draft seems so old now. Like Zeke Elliot's in it. 2016 draft is like not that long ago. Like Jalen Brown was in the 2016 draft and he's, isn't it crazy just hitting the prime of his career, his career And Zeke Elliot seems like he's 48, right?


So you think about that with running backs and it's like, all right, so you're, I'm gonna draft somebody that I have for six years. I get Mason Graham, he might play till he is 36. He might, he might have two giant contracts. I just Yeah. Like ca Cam Hayward's what, 36 now? So right. Yeah. So if you're taking a running back, that guy that high, you better think it's like, this is Saquon Barkley Robinson. I think it's For each of those teams. You look at the Raiders and like some of their other poi like wide receiver, there's no receiver to draft that high. Yeah. Some of the other position cornerback like John a baron from Texas, but it's not like we're not talking about, you know, one of those like elite, elite corners.


You look at what Pete Carroll has had and he is not necessarily, you know, gonna be the, it depends on what his role winds up being, but Tom Brady is gonna play a big part in all of this too. But from a, from the standpoint of how they want to build it, you want have a great defense. They, they wanna recapture some of the Legion of Doom stuff. They want to have a, you know, a a running back like a Marshawn Lynch who, who could A big banger. Yeah. A big banger. Protect the ball, let the defense take care of a lot of the business on the field. And that's what Jte is in terms of an every down back. He like the miss tackles forced and, and like he's just, he's a special back so that it makes sense for that organization and for that pick where they are.


'cause it's not like they're passing on this elite pass rusher or corner or wide receiver that they, that they shouldn't for a running back. And then for Chicago, they handle their business so well and free agency. Yeah. Three offensive linemen that they, they're protecting their quarterback. They, they could go tackle with that spot if Will Campbell's still there, but I also, I have concerns enough with drafting a 32 and a half inch arm tackle in, in the top 10 and if we bring in a running back to go with the Andre Swift, how much more are we protecting our, our quarterback by having two backs. And so if one goes down, we still have a top shelf back. If both are in there, they're keeping each other fresh.


We can run the football, we can take some pressure. I don't know it. And, and we saw what Ben Johnson did with Jamir Gibbs and, and how quickly that that offense went from, you know, 90 to a hundred that, that one player really. So I So will Campbell, if Will Campbell had 34 inch arms, he'd be the fourth pick in the draft. Could be. Yeah. Isn't that crazy? There's only three starting tackles in the league at the end of the year with sub 33 inch arms. So you're, you're playing a it's kind par Parcells used to say we don't, we don't wanna a roster full of exceptions. You know, so that, that part's concerning.


If you're a gm, would you ever take a running back in the top 12? No, I don't think I would either. Especially not this year when I'm looking at guys like Quinche Judkins from Ohio State and Cam Scbu, who's, I take his tape I liked even more than I thought after watching h the awesome things he did this season. That's my dream scenario for the third round for the pets. I don't, and he might not be there. I don't know that he's gonna get, I know he's gonna get there. He might not, but, but even if not, you got RJ Harvey from UCF, you've got DJ Giddens from Kansas State United. Yeah. But you know this though, when there's too many guys start dropping because nobody ends up taking, like even think about last year with the wide receivers that got so stupid and the Pats ended up with the 10th guy in the first 35 picks who was a receiver.


Right. You know, I, I think there's a, they know all of a sudden Cooper goes to the Eagles at 39, he's the third best defensive back on the board. I don't know, I just feel like when there's a glut it really fucks things up. And so, and sometimes though when you look at it and say, well I I can get those guys later. Sometimes it's like, hold, hold, you know, and then all of a sudden one goes and there will be this, this run, but I think everyone's gonna kind of wait to see where the dominoes start to fall before they jump in. 'cause no one wants to draft a, no one wants to draft a running back over some of these other premium positions. Even if you're talking about pick 40. Yeah. They'd rather wait. But I would say the, the the Gibbs and the success Detroit had with him as a weapon Yes.


Would make people think like, ah, maybe in the 12 to 15 range I always look with the draft, you know, and I'm start, I'm already starting to think about NFL over unders and the win totals and can somebody get, like when the Eagles got Jalen Carter that year, it was like, oh that's that getting that guy at nine Jesus. Like that, that might affect, and when you look at the teams that are picking the first 15 Yep. The One that jumped out to me was the team you mentioned the bears and I have no idea if they're gonna be good and they're in a brutal division and who knows with Caleb, but they, they spent a lot of money. They have the QB on the rookie scale and then if they just crushed the 10th pick somehow and got somebody awesome, then you just have to start thinking like, ah, look at this.


Like that Tyler Warren, the tight end. Yes. I don't know where he's gonna go. He'd go five, he could go 12, but like if they got him a 10, that's somebody that could play right away and be, you know, potentially there's no question like an impact dude right away. So that was the team I was looking at. And then the, the only other one was, was Atlanta just 'cause I think Atlanta with Pennix and they have some talent, the division sucks. Like if they are able to nail that pick, that could be a good one too. Going back to the Bears, it's kind of what I said earlier, like the the good teams, they, they plug all the holes so that they can pick, pick the best player available. They do have a luxury pick. And you would say, well how can the Bears have a luxury pick?


Well that would be to a certain degree, a luxury pick, but it fits what they want to do. Yeah. But the other part of it is maybe you say at 10 and you draft an, an offensive technical or maybe you draft a pa an edge rush like a Mike Kel Williams from Georgia. Yeah. Because they, they are picking at I I've got it right here, 30, 39 and 41 in the second round. Yeah. And so if I, I love Omarion Hampton from UNC at running back, but what if I just take a stab at one of these pass rushers and, and look at what, like the Eagles, what If I load up on my D Yeah. Load Up on my D go get cam Scbu, go get Quin, Sean Judkins one of those guys at 39. I can still draft an offensive lineman or or a defensive player with that 41st pick.


So there's different ways to, to look at all of this. And that's why I think it's gonna be fascinating. We we're gonna see at least two running backs in the first round. I think three. I don't know that we're gonna see two in the top 10, but we could, I can't believe that, you know. Well, and that's what with Tmac, I wonder like with this is the reverse of a glut when there's nobody at a position. He's the only probably first round, first round graded wide receiver. He's one of the only two that you could even see going in there and somebody just needs a receiver and you get people in our office like, eh, fuck it, we need a receiver. And all of a sudden he's going 11th. You know, because we see that version of the draft too. I just, it's like, wow, you're taking him here. I think everyone wants to be so quick to look at the highlights and the spectacular plays and they are spectacular.


And then they wanna look at his size and then they wanna look at the report from Schultz. Was it that where he ran a 4, 4 8? Yeah. I talked to some scouts they had closer to 4, 4, 5, somewhere in that range. Oh, regardless, I, I don't see the dog in him and I don't see the refinement. And Drake, London wasn't overly refined. He needed a year before he could be a thousand plus yard receiver. Yeah, but that's the comp right? Tall just acrobatic type of guy. But they're Yes, the shades of, but they're not the, they're not the same player. So I'm not as But does somebody not as look better if there's not, if there's not a lot of competition in a draft? Absolutely. Absolutely.


And then they start to look like the hottest girl at the bar. Absolutely. And, and he will go, I mean, he could go as high as Dallas at 12, let's say. But I, I had him going later in the first round. I had him going to the, to the Ravens kind of at that point. Best player available. They could use another receiver. Yeah. Probably go somewhere in between that range when it's all said and done. But I'm betting on Matthew Golden from Texas. If you need a receiver, like, that's why I get Alex. So you Two, okay. I've got two. And then a Mecca Buca could be the third that sneaks in from Ohio State. We'll see how he runs it, his pro day. But he would be the third that I think has a good chance to go. All right, two more questions. Second, lemme Gimme another name real quick. Yeah. If you're not getting the receiver of that first pick at 38 for New England.


Jaden Higgins. Yeah. From Iowa State. Do a little work on him. I, I Watched, I've watched some YouTube on him. They're Looking for, they're looking for a receiver. A little burned after after Poke last year in the, in the thirties with the receiver. I'm not, I'm, I'm hurt my guard's up. I know, I know. But I'm just saying he, he is the name that fits what they're looking for. Second to last question, who is the, holy shit, this guy's going here. Top 15 guy. If you had to guess the guy who just goes 10, 11 spots higher than you ever could imagine last year would've been Bo Nicks. Like if we were talking about that draft five weeks for the draft, they're like, and you said Bo Nicks is gonna go 12. I would've been like, what? That's insane. He's not going 12.


Who is the That's insane guy. I I think Jackson Dark could be. I'm just looking at it right now. Hmm. Is there a weird left tackle, like maybe on paper guy that we're not, that could be a late, like Mebo already Rose up, give in the top 10. I I'll give you a guy, everyone coming outta the combine. Nicki Manwar, right from South Carolina. Really good player. Yeah. I don't think an elite player yet. I think he's still getting there. I think us used in the right scheme. I'd love to see him it with, I I would say, I'm trying to think of Seattle would be a perfect spot, right? McDonald, the way he, he, what he did, Baltimore Hamilton, I, I I could see that being a really good marriage.


But Emman Warrior was, was like almost six four, two hundred and twenty pounds. His combination of like size 40 time, which was a four, four flat and, and vertical broad jump. It had never been done in the history of the combat. Like he's that special of an athlete. It was awesome to watch. I still think the other safety who ran after him and ran a pedestrian time and didn't jump like him. And I think Malachi Stark from Georgia could wind up being a top 15 pick ahead of Eaman Warrior. And I think that would surprise people right Now, Last question. Illa stretches for a half hour, goes out to Manhattan and tries to run the 40, but he is stretched, he's limber and he is ready.


And we have scouts there in a stopwatch. What is Priscilla running right now in the 40? We haven't talked about this publicly, but what, there's no better place to do it. I, I texted Silla the other day with the old, the old line of, of of town, the town, the movie, you know, like, yeah, I can't tell you what we're gonna do. You can't, you can't, you know, you can't ever tell whose Car we taken. And I said, I I, my, your answer needs to be whose, whose car are we gonna take? Right. And that was in regards to, I wanted, I I want take over his house for the third day of the draft and do a live stream from there. And we're gonna, so we Wait. Sounds great. So, So this, so we're announcing that right now without permission, but I figure Yeah.


Who's gonna yell at me? You right. But I, I, I would love to do, to do that as part of the day three of the draft to get Silda to run. I'm gonna guess. I don't think he, because he's, I mean he's really, he's got a lot of muscle right now, which I think would hurt for the speed, but it also may help. Maybe he's in great shape, I don't know. 4, 9, 3 4 9 3. Yes. So you're under five. He's a friend. That's fair. That was really, really nice of you. Yeah, I thought so. So publicly you'll go 4, 9 3. I I would be more interested in like the three cone or the short shuttle, the lateral agility with all that weightlifting.


I just can't see that, that ending. Well, What, what weightlifting out of all those things they do in that, what would he crush? The bench press. Yeah, the Bench. So huge bench press. That's what the teams are talking about after. Like, Jesus SSC Benched five 80, but I don't see him as a fullback, so I'm trying to figure out where, where we're gonna roll him up. Oh, you see, you see him like a, like a, what was that guy in the Niners? Ek? Yeah. Yeah. Ek. Yeah. Like a guy Belichick would've taken in 2007. Just like, I just want him special for special teams special Teamer Effort and like his attitude. Yeah. Kinda like that celebrity basketball game he played. And I'll, I'll never forget that. Oh, he's still mad about it. He will talk about it all the time. Yeah. All right.


Mha, subscribe to his newsletter. It's great. Listen to the MHA show also. Great. You can find that on YouTube as well. Great to see you as always. Alright, you Too, bud.


This episode is brought to you by Michelob Ultra. Michelob Ultra. A superior light beer in the ultimate trophy. Win lose. You're bound to enjoy the ride with a good beer in hand. Michelob ultra crisp, refreshing only 95 calories, a superior light beer. No matter the game sporter, season superior is worth playing for. So sign up for ultra courtside@michelobultra.com slash courtside and you can enjoy some of these games with nice beer in your hand. Enjoy responsibly copyright 2025 Anheuser-Busch Michelob Ultra Registered Light Beer. St. Louis, Missouri Must be 21 plus to order alcohol, alcohol available only in select markets.


This episode is brought to by LinkedIn. During the season, every baseball team plays 162 games. It's a true test of endurance. It's not enough to have a hot month or two. You need sustained dominance throughout. While the same is true for your small business, it's not enough to have a great Q2 or even a great year. You want year over year growth that starts with better hires. That'll be there for the long haul to find those hires. Use LinkedIn. LinkedIn has strong hiring data and insights that you won't find anywhere else to help pair you with the best candidates from unique skills and interests to the connections you have in common. Based on LinkedIn data, 72% of small businesses say that LinkedIn helps them find high quality talent. LinkedIn also lets you go beyond people who are actively applying in a given week. 171 million LinkedIn members aren't actively seeking jobs, but they are open to new opportunities. That's a big pool to miss out on. If you're not hiring with LinkedIn, find your next great hire on LinkedIn. Post your job for free at LinkedIn dot com slash simmons. That's LinkedIn dot com slash simmons to post your job For free terms and conditions apply.


Chris Manix is here. You can read him on Sports Illustrated. You can listen to his podcast. What's the podcast called? Open floor. Still Open floor. Yeah. Open floor. Was that, where was that on the title list as you were Coming up with title names? The top one were like two taken. Yeah, titles are so hard now. Yeah, I think my, this was back like I, I started that podcast before I left for Yahoo. So like it was back then. Oh wow. Let's just call it basketball or something like that. They're like, no, gotta keep going. Speaking of basketball, an eight episode HBO drama could be written about the Celtics sale where we found out today $6.1 million to somebody that 12 hours ago.


Nobody knew who he was. I mean, probably some rich people knew who he was. People knew he was the final bidder. But now Bill Chisholm is going to be the next owner of the Boston Celtics. He paid a record price. It was not an accident where Washington, the commanders went for 6.05. Celtics go for six one. I have a million thoughts, but what was your immediate reaction to the price? Astonished. I, I didn't believe they would get over six. Look, that that's a record that, that's a huge number regardless. But the fact that you're just selling the team and you're not selling an arena that is a, is a huge variable in all this.


Like when Matt ish bought Phoenix for a 4 billion valuation, he was getting the arena with it. He was getting whatever it's worth A-W-N-B-A team with it. You're just getting the Boston Celtics here and yeah, it's an iconic franchise, but it, it's a franchise that is cost a lot of money is set to have the highest payroll ever. You know, next year you're, you're taking on something with a lot of bills. So I guess my first reaction was Bravo to h Irving Grouse Beck and the lawyers that he hired to sell this team because I, I really believe that he got this, he got the absolute maximum value that is possible to, to extract from the sell to this point.


So I, I give him, that was my first reaction. Like wow, they got a price that I didn't believe they were going to get. My first reaction, because I love being right, was I was saying last summer that this was gonna get to six and that's what the NBA wanted. And guess what, it got to six. I think that's, that was a huge thing for the NBA with the expansion coming. Six has to be the number. That's what we want. I think it was a big thing for the family, especially Irv, the 90-year-old legend who was not going to have any sort of inside job. There's a whole Steve Pag Luca who's the number two owner of the Celtics right now, that everybody assumed he was gonna get it. And I can't wait to dive into that piece with you.


It was made clear from the beginning, there's no inside job. This will go to the highest bidder, the most money wins this. And nobody really believed it. But that's how it played out. And it got to six one. And my guess is that the PAG Luca group and maybe even one or two of the other ones got to the six. The 0.1 is so fascinating to me, the 0.1, sometimes this is how it goes. This is how Larry Ellison lost the Warriors. Where it's like, no, he's, he had it, he had it, he had it. Then the other side I think went to, I forget what it was like 400, 360, whatever it was. And he is like, Nope, that's my final offer. And he didn't get it. And it over and over again, the guys that get these teams are the ones that are like, oh, you wanna break the Washington record?


All right, all right, 0.1 done. And that was it. That's how he got it. So the Deepak Luga piece is incredible that he didn't get it and that he came really close and he did a long post today that was posted on social media. That was I think one of the strangest posts I've ever read from somebody who didn't know a team That Can I, I couldn't believe he did that. Can I just that I I would call that corporate scorched earth, right? Like it's not scorched earth like Dan Gilbert on LeBron, but it's corporate scorched earth where I, I thought the most telling part of that was it five paragraph statement that he released was at the very end of, I think it was the first paragraph where he noted that he had put together a group of investors that were eager to continue to reinvest in the team.


And I think the last sentence was, luxury tax be damned. Like what Steve Plucka is doing there is he is planting the seed to be like on the other side of future Celtic fan outrage because we all know there are some tough decisions that this ownership group is gonna have to make in the next couple of years. Like, and Sam Houser makes $10 million right now in real dollars though. That's like 80 million he's making, he's costing this team. There are decisions that they're gonna have to make. What Steve Baga in my mind did with that statement was just put himself in a position where if this team does cut some corners over the next couple of years, lop off some salaries, he can sit there and be like, you know what, I would've done that.


I put together a group of guys that weren't gonna do that. Like he set himself up. We can get into the dynamics there of oh We're doing it right. Owner Ownership group. Okay. But Like this is, this is the number one thing I wanna talk about. Go ahead. Well it's just, so you had these two guys, W's dad puts up the most money for the team. W's the one that's organized in the group. And it starts out, I think with four people that put up the money, they, they get the price and then their job after they get the price is to then go by buy, find a group of minority people to then take off, offload some of the money they just committed to. Which by the way, that's what Chisholm's doing right now. He's trying to, he's now, he's already put the feelers out.


He's trying to put together a little syndicate to offload some of the money that he's already promised. So that's in motion now. So they get the four. But PAGs was always, it was like WIC and he's the owner and the dad put out the most money, but also here's pegs and they've had this uneasy co-owner alliance, but WIC was always the face of it and it was always a little awkward and you could feel it when there was like a trophy. You know, that's when the Lazarus and Eden's had that too. Some of these co-owner like Goober and Lake of same thing where it's like, it's my team, but you have to be here and you hold, let's hold the trophy together. And it's always super awkward. And I don't know how great it was going by the end because I think when, when Pag Luca tried to buy the nets and I don't, I don't think WIC found out from Pag Luca is my understanding.


And I don't think it's been great since then. And I think the reverse of that was Pag Luca found out that the Celtics were being sold the same way we all did. It was, it was, he was not tipped, he was not given a heads up. So I don't think that relationship has been great for the last year. And this specifically the way he reacted to the sale tells me that this is, this is gonna get ugly and I have some reasons for why this got bad near the end. But what, what else have you heard on this? I I it's, I I've seen it unfold over the last 20 years and you, you can unequivocally say it was a lot stronger at the beginning than it was at the end.


Yeah. And some of that has everything to do with what you said there. Like Pat Luca is in this kind of with his own cash to what, I don't know what the final percentage is that he owned of this group I heard heard around eight or 9% something in, in that ballpark. And he's looking at w Groesbeck who owns a lesser percent of the team, but is a fact is effectively h Irving in all of this. Like he is the money guy. He gets to be the face of it. And you're right there, there have been some moments over the last six, seven years as this team has ascended into conference finals, NBA finals ultimately championships where, you know, they're not exactly pulling the trophy kind of away from each other. But you can see some of that tension between those two guys.


And, and look, I I, I don't know but you, but I, I had been hearing for months now that you know, through pag Yuko, it's kind of telegraphing this to people in the NBA that he believed he was gonna get it. Like it eventually was gonna play out, that he was gonna get control of this team. It might take a little bit, little bit longer than people expected, but he was ultimately gonna grab control of this team. And you can just tell from that statement that he's furious that he is completely bullshit right now that he is not going to be the majority owner of the Celtics. Well, so I think he, from what I had heard that, that he had the money to get to five, which was where they were hoping it was gonna be in the fives. 'cause that's a realistic price for a franchise that doesn't have an arena.


Yeah. The gross spec side wanted more. They wanted more. They're pushing the number up. And I think one of the ways this really went sideways, there was, there was a moment in this process where stuff was getting leaked out about the sale and there was an unflattering piece about, you know, that it came out, and I don't even know what Wix exact stake is, but how small WIC steak allegedly was with the Celtics and they're shooting too high. And there was stuff, and I, I don't think that went great for pegs and whether whatever he may have done or not done and he, maybe he did nothing. But I think there was a feeling that somebody was trying to neg the price and make it lower to try to make it.


And I, I think you look at 90-year-old Irv Beck who's like one of the great business people, the LA last like really respected, respected as a thinker and he is tutored a bunch of people and he is a mentor to a lot of people and he's just, he's rich for a reason. And I don't think it went over very well. That stuff started coming out that they wanted too much for the team because ultimately who's saying that it's either, it's like the Fenway group who I don't think ever was gonna try to do it anyway, or somebody that was already actively trying to buy the team and there weren't a lot of people at that point. So I think from the moment that happened when those stories came out, it started to get dicey and there's a lot of people in the organization who are rooting for him to get it because he was stability. It's like if he comes in, everything will remain the same.


And I think when that happened, people started getting nervous. I would say too, bill, like there were people rooting for him to get it. I do think there were, Including, I was kind of rooting for him too because, well, I wanted thing, I wanted things to stay somewhat the same. I I I do think there were also people rooting for him not to get it though. Like yeah, I agree. I think there was a faction there that didn't want to get it in part because all the stuff he's saying now, and I'm sure he would've said it once he, if he had gotten control of the team and I'm not sure everybody believes him, right? Like I, I don't know that everybody believes that he would be the guy to just pour money into this team to keep it a championship contender throughout the Tatum Brown era.


Like they just didn't believe him. Like he's, he's got allies within the organization, but I think he also has people that are not as fond of him inside the organization. So I, I think it was kind of a mixed bag there. I I also don't necessarily know 'cause like there were there, even though there was kind of a whittle down list of finalists, there were a lot of people trying to buy this team and trying to get into the mix for this team. And there were a lot of people, and I heard this through NBA in the NBA state connected to, to the sale process. And I was hearing through those sources like that people were kind of grumbling over like, how are you asking for this when you're not giving us an arena and it's just the team and all the money we're gonna have to spend to, so there was a lot of people frustrated with the, the price and, and I think it's just as likely that some of that stuff about WIC leaked out from someone not named Steve PCA as it was to that it was passed.


That's why we don't, we don't know how it leaked out or what happened, but I think once it happened it changed the tenor of this whole thing where they were like, okay, fuck, fuck all you people now we're gonna get the price we want. And there you mentioned like there were a lot of people kicking the tires on it, you know, it was double figures. It got whittled down to five, Lori was in it, the Eagles owner and then for whatever reason dropped out right after the Super Bowl or before the Super Bowl right around the Super Bowl. I think it was after, who knows? But it went from five to four. And I, Chisholm was the mystery guy to me. I didn't, there's, even if you were Googling him today, there just isn't a lot of information about him. He is grew up on the North Shore, went to Dartmouth, his son plays soccer at Dartmouth and graduated in 19, he's on this like weird tech fund, hedge fund thing and he is apparently a huge Celtics fan and that's all we know.


But this is is why it's so amazing when somebody buys a team like the Celtics, you go from, I could walk by you and have no idea who you are to now you're one of the kings of Boston. And I think that's, I think Wix had a really hard time with that over the last year knowing that there's some end game where when you're the owner of the Celtics, the room treats you a little differently than when you're not. And I think he's aware of that, Which, you know, leads into this idea that he's going to be, you know, the governor of this team for the next three years, which I believe is gonna be the case. 'cause I I I believe it's gonna be codified in the sale agreement. Like this is not gonna be kind of whatever handshake deal Mark Cuban had with, you know, Patrick Dumont and the Adelson family.


Like, I I think it's gonna have, Did he have any deal? No, he didn't have any deal there. That's kind of what the problem was. Like Cuban went into the sale thinking, all right, well you know, I'm, I'm, they're gonna let me do this. And all of a sudden, very quickly it was determined that he wasn't, I I do think even if it's nominal, we're we're gonna get WIC Beck as one of the front facing owners of this team for the next three years. Now I think there are gonna be problems with that because if you're the guy footing the bill for the franchise, you don't, you're not gonna have key decisions being made by someone that's got one foot out the door. Like I think that there are certainly potential problems with that. But I think, look, WIC all along, I've thought that w wanted to have his cake and eat it too. He would not be selling this team if he wasn't being forced to by his family, but because he was being forced to, he wanted to make sure that there was top dollar involved in the return and that he would get to hold on to his place top of the totem pole as long as humanly possible.


And it sure looks like right now, that's what he's gonna get. Like I had some people texting me today, you know, basically saying don't be surprised if you see w kind of take some of the money that he's gonna get off this and try to get back into the ownership group in a small, as a minority owner, a small slice of it to stay, stay kind of connected to this team. So I I, I don't think, look, he's not going to be running the team forever, but I don't think w Gross Beck is going anywhere anytime soon. So his statement, and it was funny 'cause they released this statement from Boston Business Partners, which is the group that owns the team. Wix the first quote in it. And he says that Chisholm asked me to run the team as CEO and governor for the first three years and stay on as his partner, stay on as his partner and I'm glad to do so.


And then the next paragraph is a quote from Chisholm. I've never seen somebody buy a team and not be the first quote in the press release. E everybody was saying WIC was trying to do this. And he, it seems like he actually pulled it off. And you mentioned the Cuban piece. I I never believed that as it was happening. It seemed inconceivable to me that somebody was gonna buy a sports team and then just let somebody who didn't know that we, we just don't see that really happen ever. And the times we've seen it happen, were like Pat Croci and the Sixers, you be the government and then it would always go badly within a year. So it says three years, it doesn't mean it's gonna be three years.


So if I gave you like the fandel over under and I gave you the two and a half like, like boxing, two and a half rounds, is it, would you go over under, if you gave me two and a half for the over under, I don't know what I'd bet I go under, I go under I, I just think there's too many big decisions that are made by a team governor. Like, and, and I think, you know, Chisholm and his ownership group is gonna be the want to be the ones making that decision. Now maybe there's synergy between the two. Maybe there's no, no space between them, no room for daylight, they're all in lockstep. But the second they disagree on something, it's gonna be chisel that says, it's my team. Do what you want. You wanna stay in this capacity as a front facing owner, as the governor of the team.


Fine. But we're doing things my way and I don't blame him. You you're putting up a valuation of 6 billion. Don't blame of Of course they should have that. Absolutely. Yeah. So it's Chisolm Chisolm. Okay. No, it, I don't know how to, how are you saying it? I've been, I'm kind of saying It. You knows a little about this guy. I don't even know how to pronounce his name. The thing I thought it was Chism. I'm kind of saying in a Massachusetts way though, like we both kind of are there, like I, if I see that name, I call him Chisolm, can He put it like a social media thing on and be like, here's how to pronounce my name. Please call me Bill. I refuse to believe his name's William. It's gotta be Bill, his son's name's Will, which tells me he's a bill. So here's one of the many things that I don't get about this for that kind of price.


And you're not gonna quote unquote be the governor for the first three years. I mean now he's in his mid fifties. He graduated from Dartmouth in 91, so he's in, this is prime NBA owner, NFL owner range, like from mid fifties all the way through to mid seventies, a 20 year run. He's got the son. I have no idea if the son's gonna be groomed to have a role with Pag Luca, his son I think would've been a big part of it. We'll see with this same thing with, if Lori had gotten it, I think his son would've been a big part of it. I just find it hard to believe you're gonna buy this team, do the victory lap, do the press conference, figure out where your tickets are, have these huge decisions like, oh my God, if we get bounced in round two of the playoffs, we're losing a shitload of money on top of this $200 million luxury tax bill that's coming.


Let me just turn over all the decision making to wic. That seems crazy and we haven't really seen it happen in anything else. So I'm like you, I'm I'm watching it. I I'm skeptical you just this again, there's too many personnel decisions, financial decisions to just fork over to somebody that's eventually gonna sell you the rest of the team or whatever it is in, in a period of time. I, I think, I think it can last for a year, a year and a half, maybe two years. But eventually something's gonna come up to cause fissures between these two sides.


There's just too much money at stake for, for me to believe that it's, it's, and it's, it's gonna be this lasting, fruitful relationship. Now I do think though, bill, like I I don't know that the new ownership group really had much of a choice with all this. Like I, I think it was presented this way like, alright, we'll say the team, but you gotta take all this with you. Like if you don't take this we'll go to option B. We have other operas on the table, like you saw it was the Globe story back in January, there's four finalists. Like there were people that wanted this team and I'm sure that that WIC leveraged that and, and used that disadvantage and say, all right, if you wanna buy this team, you're gonna put up the $6.1 billion valuation, but you're also gonna agree to X, Y, and Z.


And that's, I I think that's what they were kind of forced to stomach in order to gain control of this team. So some of the questions that are left is, was this the highest offer, which I'm gonna to assume it was, had to be, but he's doing a lot of debt and all this stuff to, to where it's like, because I thought it was notable, Lucas said in this thing, we had a real offer. He, he sounded like a guy who didn't get the house he thought he was gonna get. It's like I had a real offer. I offered you all cash. I don't understand why you went with this other person. They didn't even offer you all cash. I don't understand the WIC part at all. And, and there's another piece of this too, and I I'm sure you've, you've been around the team a lot.


Like he, he's pretty devastated that they're selling in the first place and he's talk, he's talked about it pretty openly to people that ask him about it. And I, it's been a theme that has been going around the last couple months that his, his dad pushed for this, his dad wanted do it for the estate planning, all this stuff they said. But I think especially with winning the title last year, the team being really good this year. I think Wix had a really hard time with this even harder than maybe he's let on publicly. So Do do You think just staying on now for two more years but knowing that there's n game, I it's, it's a really weird variable. I'm excited 'cause he is a great owner and I hope he stays on and has the same impact he had.


But it's, it's weird. I feel bad. I it's, it's weird to feel bad for somebody who just sold something for $6.1 billion but I just don't think he wanted to sell. I don't, He he absolutely did not wanna sell this was his father and we've covered this ad nauseum, but like his father, you know, recognizing his own mortality and figuring it's better to get your affairs in order with cash and not with the Boston Celtics. Like that's that, that's why I wonder if over the next couple of years that Wick would come to appreciate the foresight of his father here. Like I think he's getting out at exactly the right time. Like think about what you accomplished in the 23 years you own the Boston Celtics, you won two championships, you put together two kind of mini dynasties.


No, the one from the oh oh eight to 2012, whatever it was, era, right? It didn't achieve as much as it probably could have achieved if guys had stayed healthy. But you got that group together, you won a championship, you pulled off the greatest draft trade in whatever history by dealing all those picks and are getting all those picks from the nets and you rebuild the team that's been in two finals in three years and is well positioned to win another championship. Like you have, you got an a plus for ownership and not only Do you have, and you and you stuck with Tatum and Brown, you stuck With Tatum Brown and you get, And you became the, you became the best owner in Boston by 2025 hands down. Like Imagine if like John Henry had sold the team like 10 years ago, like what would we be thinking about John Henry now we rather than stick around and watch this team slowly deteriorate, which is going to eventually, right?


Like maybe it takes three years, maybe it takes five years, but it's eventually gonna deteriorate to the point where we're look where we're gonna look, We look in Milwaukee doing this. I was feeling good. What the hell? We we're gonna be looking at them like we're looking at Milwaukee though at some point, right? Like because they're just gonna be so, you know, financially stretched that they've gotta peel off some of these pieces and they're not gonna be as good as they are right now if you're Wick gross spec, like you went out on top and not only did you go out on top, but you got the greatest exit strategy one could possibly have, which in the form of $6 billion you can take your cut off and do something else. Like you've proven you are a great NBA owner, you accomplished it, you can go on, you're still relatively young. I mean you can go on and do the next thing if you really wanted to in professional sports.


Yeah, I would say he was one of the most successful sports owners of this century. I'd agree. He took, he took a team that was, had really no assets other than Pierce and no cap space and was able to rebuild it. It's the, the PAGs piece of it. He didn't The PAGs Piece, well he didn't get the nets he ran for governor, didn't get that. And then everyone thought he was getting the Celtics and he didn't get that. He has the Italian soccer team, but I just, he's gotta be dying today. Just dying. But I I I think we all felt like this was probably coming. Like I, I had hit a point where I didn't, I, I wouldn't have bet on him and I, I think a lot of people, but the thing that I'm gonna be interested to see if it floats out over the next couple days is did he have any chance was had this turned into a situation where they were like, we're just not selling to this guy.


That's the next story is, you know, we, we, the Next story to figure out, Right? We, we talked about kind of relationship between WIC and PS is not what it, it once was. It's like how strained have that relationship become, had it reached a toxic level to the point where Beck was never gonna be interested in selling the team to pag ni Yuka because that, I don't know man, you don't release a statement like that unless you're really livid at at how the whole thing played out that Well. And he released a statement right after they put the team for sale, right? He got one up that day too. P Luka that day I'm in. He was the first one to get in to all that. He, he, he made it clear from jump that he wanted to be the guy that bought this team and took over its stewardship and second and within minutes after it being announced as being sold, he had a, a much stronger statement that went out there.


Yeah, I think that that's the next thing to figure out is like, was this just about money? Like the fact the south to get a record $6.1 billion price and hey, if if you can't meet it, you can't meet it or was there more to it? Was there was the relationship between WIC and PAGs something that affected the sale of the team? I would say yes.


This episode is brought to you by the Wells Fargo active cash credit card. This is an ad for the active cash credit card from Wells Fargo. That's a mouthful, but that's because it packs a lot in earn unlimited 2% cash rewards on purchases with it big or small. So whether it's buying tickets to the game with your mom or grabbing a coffee with your dog, earn unlimited 2% cash rewards on purchases made with it. Say it with me. The active cash credit card from Wells Fargo. Learn more at wells fargo.com/active cash terms apply.


This episode is brought to you by Mint Mobile. Why you can always dream about winning big with the lotto. There's stuff you can do right now to get more money in your pocket. Who doesn't love more money? I remember in the late nineties I had my own website. It's making money from that. I was also bartending. I was waitering and I, I still was scrambling and I started writing for some wrestling magazines for a few months. That's the thing, you gotta keep the side hustles going. You gotta make extra money any way you can. Another great way to save money, switch your wireless carrier to mint a mobile premium. Wireless plans starting 15 bucks a month. All their plans come with unlimited talk and text on the nation's largest 5G network. You can even bring your own phone if you like your money. Mint Mobile is for you. Shop plans at Mint Mobile dot com slash bill. That's Mint Mobile dot com slash bill. Upfront payment of $45 for three month five gigabyte plan required equivalent to $50 a month. New customer offer for first three months only. Then full price plan options available. Taxes and fees extra. Submit mobile for details.


There's another piece with this expansion coming that's now we've established a price 6 billion if you want in 12 billion teams split it 30 ways. That's $400 million in cash the owners get but they don't share with the players. So Chisholm is buying in here at 6.1. He knows he's getting 400 billion back over the next couple years with this expansion fee. So it's really five seven 'cause that's what, you know, that's what Cuban forfeited, that's what the gross specs forfeited by selling. Now you get that money that maybe goes to luxury tax. I was trying to walk my dad off the ledge this morning 'cause my dad's just like the Luca thing has spooked my dad. He was like, you can't say like the, the new Dallas owners.


Everything seemed great and then they're trading Luca Duch for ad and a first and Max Christie like, yeah, I'm worried we're gonna do something stupid now. I knew what we had with WIC and it's hard to talk someone off the ledge on that. I I I'm, I'm more worried though. Ab not worry is the wrong word. Like this, you know, this year is gonna play out how it's gonna play out. I I think the peeling off is going to be the Hauser. It's going to be maybe even a Derrick White, you know, the guys that you have ready made for replacements on the roster. Derek, wait, what are you doing to me? I I don't, I don't like, I'm not saying it's gonna happen. I, I would say this though. I I think that this team right now that as currently constructed is only protected by championships.


Like you win a championship this summer, ownership's gonna bring it back, right? You're not gonna blow up a team that has a team Win. You're not trading Jalen Brown to the wherever No chance. Or even like two weeks After the Title or even someone like Derek White, like I think Sam Houser's probably gone like the second he signed that contract. When you look at what the other contracts are gonna be like, it was like there's no way Sam Houser. See I was more, I was more worried about Drew be Because might Drew's like low thirties and you know, the right team that wants Yvette and you think you're the seltz and you're like, this is kind of a luxury to have a guy like this. Those are, yeah, it's, it's in that white holiday grouping that could be the first to go. Unless I hope they keep Tatum and Brown together forever. And I love having those guys as a combo.


And I think historically they have a chance to be something really special. Just two guys playing together their whole careers like that one draft apart winning titles. Like that's how many pairings have done that? Like, and how many pairings have fallen apart before they got to that point? So, but you know, if you're paying $130 million a year for two guys, it's almost impossible. Yeah. I I I don't, I'm not concerned that something like breaking them up is, is on the table. But again, I I do think that you're gonna see some guys whacked off the payroll. You saw Baylor go off the other night, like Sam Hauser be watching that going like, all right, I'm out the door.


Like, that's right. If that guy can do what I was doing, like, I mean that's right. That, that to me is, is what you're looking at in, in the years to come. Now if, if it gets bad, like if they wind up getting beat in the second round, you know, for some reason not this year but like next year, then I can see it slowly start to be taken apart. But for right now, right, it's more about the ancillary pieces and what you can replace them with. Like look, they drafted Baylor and like that was a surprise that they drafted him. They must have really believed in him because they, their payroll jumped a lot, you know, because of the guaranteed money that comes with a first round pick. Yeah. They obviously believe in him and, and watched him go off against, was it the Nets the other night? Like that maybe they're justified in, in believing that, that he can be the cheap alternative to Sam Hauser and be your seventh, eighth, ninth man coming off your bench.


Well the team's in a weird spot. They're stuck at second. You have Cleveland stuck at first and the Nick's probably stuck at third and you have a month of the season left and all crappy teams for the most part on the schedule. And it's like a let's try to keep everyone healthy. Let's try to give these guys the minutes. They're doing this interesting strategy with the best guys, Tatum and Brown. But they either won't play them or they'll play them real minutes. They're not doing like play 25. Like they're either playing them a playoff game minutes or not playing them and they have the luxury to do whatever they want and try to get Shyman and people like that going. I think they're, I just think they're better than Nicks in that if they lost to the Knicks, that would be catastrophic.


'cause they've had their number all year and everything's heading toward this Cleveland series and Cleveland's just lost three games in a row and for the first time it's the Russian is cut. It's just a little bit of of that. And I I I just think they feel like if everyone's healthy and KPS in there, we're gonna be in the finals again. It seems to be the attitude, right? It it, yes, that's the attitude in Boston. I would also tell you that there's not overconfidence in the front office or the coaching staff in Cleveland either. Like I, I just finished this story on kind of on Evan Mobley, but on a lot of bunch of young guys in in the NBA that are potential difference makers in the playoffs and talking to people in Cleveland, even though they're two and two against the Celtics during the regular season and you know, they, they played really well in Boston coming back to, to win that game.


They recognize that they have not yet gotten the Celtics best shot. Like they haven't gotten, you know, that championship round haymaker to make a boxing analogy. Yeah. And they know that's coming and they have to figure out how they, they don't know yet how they respond to something like that. And look, the, the guy that worries them the most is Chris Ask Pingus because look, they've got Evan Mobley and Evan Mobley Hass been great all season long, but Evan Mobley does not play well against Chris ESP Pingus. You look at some of the numbers, they're not great and that's a matchup that the Cavs know they have to dominate. Like they, if it's a wash between Mobley and Pingus, the CEL win at six. Like they have to completely dominate that matchup between Mobley and Pingus. And I'm not sure they're capable of doing that. I think poor Ingas, when he is right, both ends of the floor is great.


So I I think in Cleveland they're happy with what they've done. No doubt about that. Right? They're surprised by a lot of things, but but they're not sitting there going like, we're whatever, 10 games up on Boston. We're 10 games better. They know that a conference final series is a totally different animal. Well one other thing is they, they kind of blew the home court against OKC if they are able to get to the finals. They just lost that in five days. Yeah. They had a chance to basically control their own faith the whole way and now OKC and you know, they'll turn it on. So from a Celtic standpoint, that's potentially looming, looming down the road. I I love the way Tatum's playing and, and you know, for me it's, I just wanna know who's on the team in round two.


Hmm. Is, is KP there? Am I, am I reading stories from people like you with like, eh, kp hopefully game three he'll be back. Like if we're going down that road, I think it's gonna be really hard to win. Yeah. And then the west, who the f knows beyond OKC I've changed my mind 20 times in the last week even since we did the Sunday pod. Like I I, I don't know what to expect in the west. So we'll see what happens. Can I just, just to put a button on the, the the the the sale and the team. Yeah. Al Horford I think is the first big test, right? Like Al Horford is his contract's up right at the end of this year. Like he's still invaluable, right? Like the way he's playing you gotta bring him back.


Like how much are they willing to spend is is it a no brainer? Bring him back at a two year deal at kind of similar money as he made last time around, which is gonna cost you a ton of money as well. Like that that to me is the first test of how much this ownership group is willing to spend on this team. 'cause he's gonna cost you something and real money over the course of a new deal. Well and there's been, if you look at the history of the team, there's been some al Horford moments over the years where most of the time they've let the guy go and kept their fingers crossed. In this case you could make a case. He's the most beloved Celtic teammate that we've seen. I was trying to think, I was talking to somebody about this, about is anybody more loved by the people that play with him and coach him than Al Horford?


Like that Laker game was so fascinating when the Lakers were going at him and he started talking shit and Tatum was talking shit and apparently there was just a lot of shit talking on both sides and they kept going to Al, he's talking shit and when he came outta that game they, the bench like went like crazy. They were so fired. They just absolutely love him. And I think that would be a really tough one to leave. That's even that's not James Posey, we won title with you. Oh I would suck if you left. This is like he's in the fabric. Tatum and Brown grew up with the dude, you know, so that you're right. That's probably the first big test. My feeling is if you spend that amount of money on a team and you wanna impress people in the city you grew up with, you're probably gonna spend money the first couple years.


Yeah. But we've seen these new owners come in and they're absolutely nuts. Here are my ideas, we're gonna do this, we're gonna zag when everybody's zigging and it's like that, oh boy, here we go. They're still doing it. They're still doing it. Like Mattia did that ridiculous ESPN interview where Right, he's talking about we're building around Devin Booker and he's the guy we're gonna keep like, not to take this a different direction, but Devin Booker is too old to win a championship in Phoenix. Simple as that. Like he's right. He's not too old to win a championship or lead a team to a championship. He's too old to lead that team to a championship. So 'cause that would be five years from now. Yes, because he's eight, look, he's aged next season is aged 29 season next year. Yeah. Like now is the time you like now is the time to sell the Celtics as a franchise to kind of bring these two together.


Yeah. Now is the time to sell the team. Now is the time to deal Devin Booker. If Houston comes a call in with all your draft capital offering it back, if Oklahoma City calls and says here's three or four players plus three or four draft picks, you are crazy if you're Phoenix and not doing that. That's some of the new owner craziness that's still out there in the league. You think there's a new arena in 10 years? Yes, Yes, yes, Yes I do too. I don't see, we should have talked about that sooner. I don't see how you spend this kind of money, but then also don't buy, build an arena. There's also places you can build it. Like the seaport's become cool again. Like it wasn't when, you know, I was younger and probably not when you were younger back there, but now it's become like this cool place opposite Southie and there's room to do stuff down there.


There's stuff There, 93 that, that the place they were looking at for the Olympics. If you go back and read the Olympic stories from 2014, there's a specific spot like past where, where Emerson plays soccer and lacrosse. Like you, when you're driving by going toward the cape, there's this whole section that is the spot that they're gonna make, like the hub of the Olympics. And I feel like that, I think it's called like the rail yard or something. I think that's where the arena would go. Yeah. That's really the only open spot that's in the city in the right way. Or it could be seaport, but I mean seaport's already really hard to get to back and forth now. Yeah, they, for putting 19,000 fans, there would be a little rough, They'd have to reinvent the, the, the tea there and, and figure out, you know, new stops that go into that area.


I would put it right on the other side of the hill in Charlestown. We're going right in the town, like 12,000 seat reno. Let's fucking go. I mean I would be taking Our mojo back. I would love to see it, but there, there's just no way you're not buying this team and like renegotiating your lease for TD Garden, which already by NBA arena standards is old, it's bottom third in the league. In terms of, of of, of, Well there's another, there's another possibility of it too where you can, there's a second part of this where you try to buy the Jacobs side and the Bruins in the arena and try to own everything because if they leave that arena, the Bruins are screwed.


Right. Yeah. They had this 30 5-year-old. When was, when was Fleet Center? 95 5. I think it was my first year arena. First year was a ball boy with the team was the first year. Oh Nice. Yes. So 30-year-old arena. And then you're gonna lose your basketball team in like 2005 years at, I don't see it. There's Not enough YouTube concerts you could put in there that Would manix before we go, where am I with bli? Oh, he's mentally May 3rd. May 3rd. You told me, you told me not to bet on him. I did. You told me it was a money grab. I did. You told me he was flying across, across the world and had 14 hours before the fight and was just gonna try to throw some bombs and it probably wasn't looking great, but he was getting paid more than he is ever been paid in his life.


So I didn't sell any of my stock on your advice, but I'm still a little worried 'cause he's got his ass kicked. I I, I'd be less worried because it, it wasn't like a, you know, eight round ass kicking. He took a shot at the top of the head that completely discombobulated him. Yeah. And you saw his trainer Billy Nelson. I, I mean I, I have Olympic gymnasts have not gone up on an apron faster than Billy Nelson got up there to throw the towel in right there. Like he was, he, he was ready to, Was one of the early stoppages ever. He was ready to throw that in because his guy did his job. When that first bell rang, Martin Bley had done his job. It was hilarious covering that out there because like Billy Nelson flew from Scotland where he lives and usually trains bley over to Riyadh.


But Bley had to fly like premium economy through a connection because what I was told, like the Congo doesn't allow private jets in on like short notice. Like you can't just fly a private jet in, in and out of the Congo. So he had to fly like Ethiopian air, a connection through Ethiopia to get there. He got in literally two o'clock in the morning. There was no chance on God's earth, the Fight the day before the fight, two in the morning, the Day of the fight, like two in the morning, day of the, the day of the fight, Saturday morning, 2:00 AM he got in. And then of course they have him doing like three interviews when he gets there. Like, let the fucking guy go to bed and try to get some rest before he is gotta report to work in 12 hours. I I'm not, I wouldn't sell your stock.


He's fighting on May 3rd on this Canelo Wonder card over in Riyad. He's fighting f faa jaa again. They're keeping that fight there. He, he, he's fully capable of beating f FAA Jaa. He didn't take really, I mean he took one good shot. He flew over from the Congo and took one good shot, got out, got a paycheck, which I thought I heard was about 3 million bucks. And you know, I was able to go back to work the next day. So I, I'd still keep my Martin Olley stock. He's gonna weigh in the two hundreds for this next fight. He's probably gonna beat a job. I think we're once again talking about him second half of this year. I didn't tell you about, I put a small bet on because I was in Boston Fight. Oh, you're saying? I try, I try to tell you Bet I know, but I can't not bet. Baley. Koko. It's like a blind bet. I'm just betting it every time I had to do it.


So Canelo May 3rd. Are we excited for that fight? I don't know. Oh, that, that was your answer. When do we get Canelo Crawford? September. So Canelo Crawford, like the, the worst kept secret in boxing is that Canelo Crawford is happening in September. It's going to be promoted by this new Dana White Saudi Arabia Nick Kahn promotional company. And it's gonna be on Netflix, like that's gonna be a Netflix event in September. And you know, there'll be some big names on that. This, this, this whole card on May. It, it's entirely designed to get Canelo that fourth title back. William Skull has that belt. So you get in that belt back, you can say Canelo is the undisputed champ going up and against Crawford.


The two time undisputed champ. It just helps sell the fight. Like that's, that's, that's really what that card is for. It is gonna be in primetime though. I think it's interesting like they're gonna Fight on a Saturday night. Yeah. They're gonna fight in React at like 9:00 AM is what I heard. Or nine to 10 o'clock in the morning to make it primetime over in the US so wow. It will be a good time for us audiences to watch. Maybe not so much for the guys fighting on the Undercard who might be fighting at 5:00 AM but it'll be interesting that that Timing and the NFL will have started at that point in college. Football will be going so it's gonna be an insane weekend. Well, we'll see how much boxing Netflix does. So Netflix, I Think they're definitely intrigued that that Tyson fight I think was a jaw dropper for them and it seems like they're gonna be dabbling a little bit more.


They, so their plan, what I was told was to do like one big event a quarter. Yeah. Like that's the mindset of Netflix. Like they're not gonna try to be D Zone or what HBO was. Right. And do fights every weekend. That's not their, their bag, but they are doing this. Katie Taylor, Amanda Serrano trilogy fight at MSG, that's July 11th. That's gonna be on Netflix. Like I said, I think the Yeah, a hundred percent sure at this point that the Canelo Crawford fight is gonna be on Netflix. They're also after Anthony Joshua Tyson Fury. Like that's a fight they wanna put on, which is such a huge global event. They'd love to get their hands on that for either end of this year or early next year whenever Tyson Fury decides to rejoin the, the boxing ranks. So one per quarter right now is my understanding of what Netflix wants to do.


So what's the fight of the year? If you had to bet, if you have to bet on one Like the gonna Be Canal. Canal Crawfords. Not the fight of the year. No, just what's gonna be 2020 five's Fight of the year when it's December 31st. So Canelo Crawford's not gonna be it because I think No, it'll, I Actually think those too, too, too big, too strong, too good. Well I, I, I'm dying to see a Devin Haney, Ryan Garcia rematch dying. Mm. Like So those two guys like that, that weekend I'm gonna be in New York working the three fight card that's in Times Square that's gonna be on the zone. That's and Ryan's the top of the bill Devon's at the Coleman event. Both those guys running against the opponents that they can and should beat and that would set up the rematch between them and like, given what happened in the first Fight.


This time we're not cheating the rematch This time, time we're no Cheating a allowed rematch. This time we're using multiple Ryan Garcia Li because Ryan Garcia believes that he was screwed by the testing agency that caught him. He's using two now. He's using the one that that did it the first time. 'cause he has to and he's using another one to test him just to get verified information. Jesus. That he, that he believes Jesus. But that's a big one man that's two 25-year-old, 6-year-old guys With a lot of bad blood. Like probably the most bad blood that We have. Press tour is gonna be awesome. Like I'm all in for that. All right man, it's great to see you. You too, thank you. You got it. Alright, thanks to mha, thanks to Manix. Thanks to SE and Geha and Kyle as always.


I hope your merch madness brackets go great. Don't forget to check out. Good. Hang with Amy Poer two episodes up. Re watchable days of Thunder Prestige TV if you Ms. White Lotus, that's up there. And then Celtics City episode four coming Monday night on HBO and Max Larry Bird shows up. And guess what? He was really good at basketball. So that's what we got. I will see you on a Sunday.


Must be 21 plus in President Select states for Kansas and affiliation with Kansas Star Casino or 18 plus in President dc. Gambling problem, call 100 GAMBLER. Visit rg-help.com. Call 1 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org/chat in Connecticut. Or visit md gambling help.org in Maryland. Hope is here. Visit gambling help line ma.org or call 803 2 7 50 50 for twenty four seven Support Massachusetts. Or call 1 8 7 7 8 Hope and y or Text Hope and Y in New York.