
Coming up talking NBA cup in the state of the NBA boxing Landman, Timothy Chalamet. This is a great podcast. Let's all next.


This episode is brought to you by Michelob ULTRA, wherever you like to watch the game at the arena of the bar home, wherever. Enjoy every moment of the NBA season with the Ice Cold Michelob ULTRA. And you know, we've done some stuff with them, so they'll send me the Michelob ULTRA, I'll put it in the fridge. It's really interesting what happens. People come over, they want a beer, they go, oh, Michelob ULTRA. Or, I've never tried one of these. I've heard you talked about it. A hundred percent approval rating every single time. Keep it nice and cold. It's delicious. There's only one way to watch your favorite teams drop buckets. And that's with a bucket. Michelob ULTRA stock up on Michelob ULTRA for the NBA season Michelob ULTRA, a superior light beer. Enjoy responsibly copyright 2024 Anheuser-Busch Michelob ULTRA Registered Light Beer, St. Louis, Missouri.


We're also brought to you by The Ringer Podcast Network where I Put up a new rewatch balls last night. Chris Ryan and I did The Gambler, a movie that came out 10 years ago with Mark Wahlberg, one of our favorite gambling movies. A really kind of deep, fun movie to talk about, make fun of and also appreciate. So you can watch that on The Ringer Movies YouTube channel as well. Next week on the re watchable, I think from next week is the first week we are going to be video pod on Spotify for the re watchable. So you can watch it on our YouTube channel on Ringer movies. But more importantly, you can watch it on Spotify as you're listening to it. You can just see our beautiful faces. So stay tuned for that


On this podcast, I'm gonna start at the top with some thoughts about the NBA Cup, the final game, and also the state of the NBA because it's been a big topic lately, man. I have, I have some big picture thoughts about that. Chris Manx joined us to talk about just the Jimmy Butler trade buzz in Vegas and some other NBA topics. And then really, I had him on talk about boxing, 'cause we have a big card this weekend. My guy Usic is Fighting Fury, the Rematch. So we're gonna talk about that. And some of the big heavyweight fights coming up. And then last but not least, CR Chris Ryan. We did a couple things in studio yesterday that I taped for this podcast. What one is about?


Landman, which is my favorite TV show of the decade. Just hands down succession really started last decade. So I could say my favorite new show of this decade. And then we talked about Timothy Chalamet in the Bob Dylan movie. And Chale me's Chances to win an Oscar. What should he do next? And more importantly, why hasn't he come on my fucking podcast yet? So we're gonna hit all that. First, our friends from Pro Jet.


All right, I am taping this after the NBA Cup final in Vegas, the Milwaukee Bucks. They destroyed the Oklahoma City Thunder who could not hit a shot. It happens. They looked young, they looked a little nervous. They looked like a team of young guys from Oklahoma City who had just spent the last five days in Las Vegas. They looked like a team that didn't realize they were at the adult table where Giannis was sitting, who proceeded to unleash holy hell on them. Which he's been doing basically for over a month now. I think the last 16 games, he's something like 34 or 15 and seven. He doesn't shoot threes anymore. Which I think, you know, not like he was jacking up 10 a game, but he was always shooting three.


He, you know, would always kind of test it out. But now he's just like, I'm gonna be your early 2000 Shaq Cross with Spider-Man. And I think he's, as I'm recording this, he's plus 600 for MVP on FanDuel and, and you know, he's closed the gap with him and Yoic as great as Yoic has been. Milwaukee seems like a real contender. OKC still seems like a contender. This is the league. Now, if you don't make threes, you know you're probably not gonna win. If you're shooting 35 to 53 is a game. If they're not going in, you don't have a chance. Which ties into a bigger theme with what's going on with basketball right now. The last couple weeks have been peak people asking me what's going on with the NBA And you know, part of it is the ratings because everyone loves to talk about ratings even though the NBA just signed a $76 billion deal and the ratings don't ultimately really matter.


It's an American thing more than a worldwide thing. 'cause the league's doing well globally. But when you look at big picture, what's going on with the league, you know, LeBron and Curry, they're old, they're making desperate changes. They just changed the Allstar game again. They're, they just did the NBA cup in Vegas. Too many foreign stars. That's another thing you keep hearing. The schedule's too long. Been saying that for 20 years we can't find any under 30 Americans super stars to carry the torch from LeBron and Currie. That's a valid thing. Too many threes, too much sameness in the game. Can't really counter that too. Woke the league's too woke.


It's driven off a lot of, lot of possible fans. I'm not touching that one. It's an American problem. And it's not a worldwide problem because again, worldwide, internationally the league is doing really well. But it's an American problem. And yet the franchise values are the highest it's ever been. They just got the highest meteorite deal they've ever gotten. They have, I would say 35 to 40 completely recognizable stars. Whereas football might have 10. So it's not like this is a disaster, but this is what we do with the NBA. We love to panic. We love to talk about how things are bad. And it's a little like what, how, what SNL is like where everybody's like SNL's dead SNL's done.


And then guess what? SNL is gonna have its 50th year. This is an American problem. And this is eight decades of a recurring theme that I would call The NBA A is in danger that we're now living through again in December, 2024. I wanna go backwards, I wanna go through eight decades of NBA history to show that for the most part this is a league that's kind of always a little bit in danger. Like football dating back to the John Unitas beating the Giants in the late fifties, the the greatest game ever played to that point, football has always been solid fifties, sixties, seventies, super Bowl, the merger, it, it's just been going and going. The only time I ever remember people even wondering what the future of football was gonna be like.


And I was one of the ones wondering was the early 2000 tens with concussions, Goodell we had, they had a bunch of stuff with Gates after it. It seemed like they had to change the way that football was being played 'cause it was too violent. And there was a moment there where it was like, where's football? Are you gonna let your sons play play football? Are we gonna be watching this in 20 years? And guess what Covid happened And everybody was like, You know what, I love football. And now football feels like it's the biggest it's ever been. If you're talking about basketball, it's always been on the line of being in danger. So you go back to the forties and fifties, the first 15 years of the league, they the league by, by the time we got to 1954, the league was in complete chaos.


The pace was too slow. There was no shot clock. People were just fouling each other trying to dribble out the clock. George Michan was dominating everything and the league kind of sucked. And then they came up with a shot clock that fixed some of it. It was still really violent. It was a lot like hockey back then. There wasn't nearly enough scoring. They had a big betting scandal that wa that was a big thing. There were barely any black players kind of a problem. All the best black players were playing for the Harlem Globetrotters other places 'cause they wouldn't let them in the league. And when you think back to where the NBA was, even in the mid fifties when Russell showed up, it was regional. Everything was in the east coast or like the, you know like the Pennsylvania area, the fringes of the Midwest.


There were no West Coast teams and the NFL was bigger college football and college basketball were bigger, baseball was bigger boxing, horse racing name a sport, it was probably dead. Even with hockey get to the sixties, Russell's in there. We start finally getting some black stars. We get Elgin, Baylor, we get Oscar, we get Will Chamberlain And the sixties becomes, you know, wilt versus Russell Celtics dominance. It's still not going awesome. We still don't have like a definitive, the league is fine moment. And at the same time, this is one of the most tumultuous decades in American history. There's a whole civil rights battle happening. There's assassinations all over the place.


And you know, a a league that's becoming a mostly black league had a, had a pretty strange fit among all of that, especially as Russell is becoming one of the dominant athletes we've ever had. And a huge spokesman along with Ali and Jim Brown and some others. So the league is, is gaining steam from an impact standpoint but it still hasn't hit the popular piece yet. And then we have our first unicorn situation. There's five unicorn situations total. And I want you to remember this 'cause we're gonna tie it back in at the end. So this first unicorn situation, the 1969 finals, which turned out to be Russell's last NBA finals, he's going for his 11th title. They're underdogs against the Lakers. We finally have a California team.


We have Jerry West and Will Chamberlain and Elgin Baylor and the Lakers are favorite to win. Game seven in a Russell beats them. And it turns out to be like the first great modern NBA finals game that we had the next year. The Knicks, everyone in New York is like so delighted. The Knicks are finally good at basketball. Like the Celtics are gone, they have a chance to win the title. 1970 finals, Willis gets hurt, comes back game seven becomes one of the most famous games in NBA history also will kind of chokes. So we have that Kareem enters the league that same year and then in 1971 he wins the title. He's the most ballyhoo ballyhoo college player to that point, to somebody that's considered to be a successor to Russell and Wilt.


So he's in the league. And then the next year, 71, 72, the Lakers win 33 straight Jerry West finally wins the title. So you have this four year unicorn run all these crazy events And it propels the league up a level. And all of a sudden now the NBA is is looking really good. Well we have to go back to the danger zone again. From 1973 to 1976, they overexpand, they make the classic mistake of they just had too many teams. The A BA has formed and is stealing a lot of the young players. So all of a sudden the quality of the play is starting to go down. The quality officiating starting to go down. A, BC loses the NBA to CBS 'cause CBS kind of double crosses. Ru Arledge, who's the most important sports executive probably of all time and Ru Arledge is pissed and decides to counter program the living shit outta the NBA college football, college, college basketball wide world of sports.


The superstars competition. And he just makes it his life's mission to set the NBA backwards, there's a salary boom that happens where all of a sudden you have some guys that aren't doing that well who are making a lot of money and everyone's really aware of it. Sidney Wicks, Pete Marvi, Spencer Haywood. So there's animosity toward basketball courts for the first time. The Nixon Lakers are, are, are done at that point. By the time we get to the mid seventies and they have the the future of the league or so we would've thought on paper. Dr. J Julius serving, he's in the A, BA, he's not even on television. So the NBA not only is getting older with some of their older stars like you know, Havlicek, Jerry West, all, all the guys from previous generation Oscar.


But Doc the guy who's supposed to come in and carry the league with Kareem is in the wrong league and not on tv. And I'm a young kid in Boston. I would've loved watching Dr. J not on tv. So again, we're in danger. And then what happens? 19, we have a second unicorn situation, the 1976 finals Halo Check and Cowans on Boston. Two of the most famous guys in the league, they're playing Phoenix triple overtime game. I was lucky enough to be at the game with my dad. I was six years old. I might have slept through the fourth quarter in the first two overtimes, but it turns out to be the greatest game in the history of the league. Celtics win the title, The NBA A is back the a BA merges into the NBA that summer.


All of a sudden we have Dr. J David Thompson, George Gervin, George McGinnis, all the Moses Malone, all these guys are now in The NBA A and The NBA has 22 teams and stacked and it's awesome. And that leads to Kareem jumping to Kareem's already in La Walton's on the Blazers. The Blazers take off that year and it's a late run second half of the year into the playoffs, they beat the beat Kareem. They end up beating Dr. J and Philly in the finals. Bill Walton. Turns out maybe he's the next bill Russell, everybody's in love with the guy he is, got the beard. He takes the jersey off after they win. So this is unicorn number two situation, 76 finals, 77 finals basketball.


Seems like it's in the best shape that it's been in maybe ever. What happens? We go back to the danger zone, the late seventies into the early eighties. Wonton gets hurt the next year, never really recovers. And I I I it would be like one pajama won the title this year and then just got hurt and we didn't see him for six years. The cocaine era happens and the cocaine that's hitting all the sports that's hitting Hollywood, that's hitting the comedy circles, it cocaine starts to wipe out pretty much everybody starting in 1978. And it does some real damage to the NBA and cuts short. Some careers changes the course of some careers, some young stars that they're counting on go sideways. So you have that, you have the Kermit Washington punch in late 1977 in that 77 78 season where he punches Rudy Tomjanovich a white guy and all this ugly.


So stuff surfaces up all the casual racism that people felt toward, you know, a mostly black league being, being catered and sold to mostly white fans that all pops up. And this crazy two year run of of you can go back and read some of the old sports illustrated things about the league's too black that it's never gonna work. And it just, it it fucking goes crazy in a bad, bad, bad way. In a way that even as a little kid I was kind of noticing the way they were talking about it, it was not great. We had the dumb owner apex back then. This is when basically anybody could buy an NBA team and you just had these dumb on like the Celtics for a year had John Y. Brown, he was terrible.


Just dumb owners making dumb trades, not trying to build anything. So the teams that are just in constant chaos, you have the dumb Commissioner Apex too. Larry O'Brien, who is awful. David Stern comes in and looks a hundred times better compared to him a few years later. You have CBS fucking up the playoffs. Either do tape delaying the primetime games or making the NBA schedule weekend playoff games so that you're playing game three and game four of a series back to back days. So they, they could care less about the health of the players. They really didn't wanna show the NBA 'cause it wasn't doing that well. So you had that, you had college hoops. The NFL baseball, NHL Boxing College football and horse racing are all more popular in the NBA by the end of the seventies.


'cause they have the Washington Seattle finals twice a row, which is great basketball finals, but not exactly a, a marquee finals. And all of it is eventually captured and breaks of the game by David Halberstein, the best sports book of all time that comes out I think in 82. But The NBA a like they like the Lakers play the Sixers I think in 82 and 83 and some of those games weren't even on live television. They weren't on until 1130 on the East Coast. That's how bad it was for the NBA. So I'm gonna say a little more dangerous than right now, leading to our third unicorn situation, the 1984 finals. We had Bird and Magic in the league for a while. They don't play against each other in the finals even though they have this great rivalry dating back to 79 when college basketball was way bigger than the NBA Bird and Magic played each other during the same year.


CBS is like, You know what, we're showing all of these finals games live now we're gonna show them in prime time. We're gonna really try to get behind the league. And they get Bird Magic. They get a seven game series. They get one of the great series in the history of the league that happens. They have Michael Jordan on the Olympic team that summer coming into the league on the Chicago Bowls. The third biggest market they have. MJ happens and then we're off. We get David Stern, we get cable, we have USA and ESPN by that point. So as, as a little kid on the East coast, all of a sudden I'm able, I couldn't see George Gervin and David Thompson or whoever in the seventies unless I went to the Boston Garden to see them now in the eighties. I can just pop on cable, I can see Dominique Wilkins, I could see Isaiah Thomas, I could see Adrian, Dan Le, whoever I want.


I can see, I could see Magic Johnson on the other coast. So that's happening. They're figuring out how to brand stuff better. And once MJ really gets going with the bulls, the NBA takes off. We get the NBA fantastic commercials and we have this incredible unicorn 15 year run Bird versus Magic Jordan six titles. We have the Riley Nicks and Hakeem and Barkley and Isaiah's Pistons, the Blazers, Sean Kemp and GP Stockton and Malone. I didn't really like watching them that much, but I'm gonna throw them in anyway I on and on and on. It went. And it was the watershed time to ever be a basketball fan. It was the most talent concentrated into one area. Everyone's playing super hard.


The league was the most fun, I would say in the late eighties, early nineties. And it just keep Jordan retires. They're fine. 'cause the Knicks make it that year. Jordan comes back. It becomes the biggest story really of anything other than maybe the decision with LeBron Jordan wins three straight titles in row and the bulls including the 72 win bulls and the NBA just goes, it's just arrow pointing up all of it's captured in the last dance. Well what happens? We hit the danger zone again. MJ retires right after he retires. Lockout no basketball for six, seven months. People are pissed 'cause these guys are making so much money.


The the young guys are able to switch teams three, four years. Everyone starts getting mad. All the ugly casual racism stuff starts like percolating a little bit again. It's like as hip cul hip hop culture infected the NBA ex stern puts in a dress code. Wasn't great. Not great Times. Times. Well what happens? We don't have an MJ successor, grand Hill kg Tim Duncan, cwe Iversson Shaq. We're an MJ successors and then 2000 Kobe and Shaq. So we have Shaq and Kobe together, we kind of know something's happening with Kobe.


And in the 2000 season, that's unicorn number four, Shaq and Kobe Shaq fouls out of game four of the finals. Kobe comes in, puts on the Superman cape, wins the game, they end up winning the title. This is after they escaped against Portland the previous round. And now we have this crazy Kobe and Shaq run that was like real drama, real theater. They were great. The 2001 Laker team is probably one of the two best teams of this century. As of that's happening. A phenom named LeBron James is in high school. He's gonna be in the 2003 draft with Carmelo and some others. And the league looks great from 2000 and 2003. That is our unicorn number four moment.


Shaq and Kobe ending up on the same team in Los Angeles, California on the Lakers. Couldn't have worked out better. Well we immediately hit the danger zone to get into 2003. We have the Kobe incident in the trial, not great. We have the 2003 and 2004 finals, which were rock fights and ESPN Classic and NBA TV hardware classics I think are banned from showing any of those games. Defense got too good, the game got too physical. We had Kobe and Shaq falling apart. The game slowed down. The pace slowed down to the point that after the 2004 season they had to add all these rule changes and these other, you know, legal defense stuff just to try to quicken stuff up again.


And you had a league that was built around Tim Duncan, I think he's one of the seven best parts of all time. Didn't really resonate with people like he should have. Dirk Nowitzki German Kg mostly stuck on bad teams except for oh four Sea-Web, Dwayne Wade, angry Kobe young LeBron on crappy Cavs teams. It was grim. And I I, if you remember like when I was writing for page two back when my fingers worked, I used to have a joke about how I was one of the last 20 NBA fans. And the joke was that the NBA kind of sucks now, but I still love it. And I, this was a gimmick that I would do because we were in real danger with the league, culminating in the oh six finals where we had the referee controversy with Dallas and Miami.


And we've all agreed not to talk about the 2 0 6 finals, then the 2007 finals where the east was like in such bad shape. LeBron ends up making the finals. He is a heroic performance by him with, with just an awful Cavs team that I think would be a 14 seat if we had them in, in the season now. So things are grim, things are bad. There's a lot of what's wrong. You can go back and search for my column archives multiple. What's wrong with The NBA acom? What happens? Well, unicorn number five situation happens 2008 to 2018 in short order. We get the probably illegal PGA salt trade where the Lakers just steal PGAs sa and nobody even else knows he's available.


Thanks again to Chris Wallace for creating the second mini Kobe Dynasty gal and the Lakers. Now the Lakers are a contender. Kgs already been traded to Boston. Now Boston's contender all of a sudden we have Celtics Lakers in 2008 and we're off baby, we're back. We have we Kobe Wi Kobe loses in oh eight, but wins the next two finals. Celtics are in there in 2010 against them after 2010. LeBron who can't get it done with Cleveland. The decision, probably the single biggest off the court NBA moment that we've had other than MJ retiring the decision. He changes teams, people lose their fucking minds, goes to Miami.


All of a sudden we have Miami, LeBron, we have aging, but still fun. Kobe on a contender, Lakers Aging, but still fun. Celtics a bunch of great young players coming up like KD and Russ on the Thunder. And it's just going and going and going. And then what happens? Curry and the Warriors show up. Curry reinvents basketball. He's hitting threes from all over the place with Clay Thompson. They have their little run. This goes all the way through 2019. 2019 finals is the tipping point. Durant gets hurt, clay gets hurt. That Warrior's Dynasty ends Durant. We lose, we lose a year of his prime. We lose a whole year of Curry's Prime with the Warriors.


Really two years. But that la that was our last unicorn stretch 2008 to 2019. And then what happens? We're in danger again starting in 2020. The bubble, the bubble ends this really fun NBA season we're having where LeBron and the Lakers, Hawaiian the Clippers. Giannis is on his way up. Yoko is on his way up and beads on his way up, Tatum and Brown are on Boston And it just feels like, and then boom, the bubble weird. The, the player movement becomes outta control. It just feels like every year guys are switching teams.


It starts to feel a little more like NBA 2K load management becomes a bigger story. The schedule's too long. We all hate it. They won't do anything about it. The three point stuff just gets worse and worse and worse. Now we're like, we have the Celtic shooting over 50 threes. So there's a sameness to a lot of the games that I think a lot of people are down on. I would encourage people to go back and watch some of the terrible post ups in the eighties and nineties and see if you still don't, don't like threes. But there's definitely a curry effect with how the game's being played. The foreign stars are now all the best under 30 guys. And this is a league that dating back to Hakeem, who was just one of the best parts I've ever seen in my life.


But he wasn't from here and he never resonated like an American guy. Now we have yo and Giannis and Luca and Embi and Weby and maybe even SGA if he can bounce back and from, from a terrible NBA cup and, and become, you know, a real guy this year. And maybe take KC the finals. Those are six, six guys that aren't from here. And we're talking about when is the next star. This is a league that's so beholden to the LeBron Curry Durra era and seems so afraid to pass the torch to the under 30 guys. You could see it with the TV schedule OKCs and on TV this year, less than the Lakers, less than the Warriors because they keep feeding us LeBron and Curry.


You watch ESPN, you watch, you know, all the, all the content they're doing on First take and on the NBA today, it's always Lakers, Lakers, Lakers. Like they're playing the hits and it's coming at the expense of trying to build up these, these new stars, which we even saw in the Olympics. I love the Olympics. I thought it, I thought LeBron and Curry and Durant watching those guys like fend off Serbia and France. Like that was amazing stuff. But it did come at the expense of the next generation of guys who kind of needed a moment like that. You know? And I think this league is, if there, if there's a criticism that I think's valid, it's, it's pushing these guys that have kind of already had their moment that were already great and trying to extract more great moments from them when there's probably not a lot of greatness left versus rolling the dice with some of the new guys, which is, you know, I, I see why they do it.


But at the same time, like they gotta be pushing the younger guys more. And at the same time, like you have somebody like Edwards who is such a unique and original guy and then he shows up for this season, you're shooting 12 threes a game and he is starting to look like everybody else I'm watching. So there's a sameness to the new guys. And then you have somebody like Yoic who is really Birded magic trapped in a Serbian seven foot doby body. But he is not from here. And for whatever reason he doesn't cook with fans, I don't think the way he should. So my point big picture is that we've had five unicorn moments and now we're due for a sixth.


And this league has been around for eight decades and every time a unicorn moment, we're not even in the, in the middle of one or we don't have one coming. Everybody thinks the NBA is in trouble, they're in danger, it's over. This is just the DNA of the league and here's what's gonna happen. There's gonna be some new new player that comes in, some new team, some new event. It's gonna shift this. And all of a sudden we'll be like, oh, you know, it's like, it's like when we did the Vince McMahon documentary, triple H had this great quote about what he was talking about when, when, when Stone Cold and Vince and that whole era. And he was like, I felt it's like an earthquake.


It's like, did I feel that? Did it, did something move? And you just kind of know from a narrative standpoint, something is moved and that's what The NBA needs right now. I don't know what that's gonna be, but I'm gonna bet on the 80 year history of the league and the fact that internationally it's fine. This is an American problem. People are losing interest in America because they can, you know, watch fourth quarters of games in the NBA app. They can follow it Like what Derek Thompson said on my podcast, you could follow the league without really watching it. So the ratings are down, but I'm not sure the interest is down. What they're missing ironically is, is what women's college basketball with the WNBA had where Kaitlyn became somebody that people just wanted to watch.


They just wanted her to watch her games. They didn't care who she was playing, they didn't care what the stakes were. They wanted to watch her. And that's why I think you could really make the case. She's more valuable than anyone The NBA A has because she's the only must watch basketball player right now other than the old guys in the NBA. So they have to figure out what is their unicorn moment. But my prediction is that it's the NBA. It's been 80 years, it's looked bleak before they always bounce back. This is the league we have chosen. We're gonna take a break and we are going to come back with Chris Madix.


FanDuel wants you to win even bigger this NFL Thursday night right now all customers can get a 30% catch a pass profit boost on the Thursday night football game. That means you can boost your NFL catch a pass bet by 30%. Take home even more winnings during the game. Bet on over under spreads player props and so much more. Plus if you win you'll get paid instantly. Chargers Broncos Thursday night. I wanna find out more about Herbert's ankle, but I think this is a kitchen sink game for the Chargers. And if his ankle's okay, I think I I like them minus three. But don't wait. Download America's number one sports book. Take advantage of a profit boost today must be 21 plus in President select states or 18 plus in president DC. Opt-in required max wager amount applies. Bonus issued as non withable profit Boost tokens restrictions supply including token expiration. See terms for both offers at sportsbook. Do fan.com ga prom called One Gambler. Visit rg help.com


Alright, Chris Manix is here. You can read him on Sports Illustrator. You can listen to his excellent boxing pod. He's got a basketball pod too. He's in Vegas. We we're taping this before the NBA cup tonight, so we're gonna avoid that. You really came on to tuck boxing. I'm gonna save that. I'm gonna put that over just quickly some basketball stuff. 'cause you've been in Vegas for a couple days. What's the big buzz? What are, what's, what are, what are all the kids talking about? Well, the NBA really wants you to care about the NBA cup. That, that's for sure. Okay. We'll see how much that sticks. But, but really, you know, when you talk to people with different teams, the the buzz nowadays is, is Jimmy Butler, right?


And, and, and what exactly is gonna happen down there in Miami? It's, it's pretty clear at this point that there'll be a few teams that express some level of interest in Jimmy Butler. And now I think the question is what kind of motivation does Miami have to, to do a deal here? Like Miami's playing some pretty good basketball. Jimmy just went for 35 the other night and, and we know that he, when when they, they just believe when they get to the playoffs they can beat anybody and they've got a decent track record of well, well they, they in 2022 they did, right? Yeah. Like they got a It's not happening this year. Yeah, Probably not. No, I I I don I agree with you. And, and if you look at their roster, like Jimmy doesn't fit the timeline.


Like everybody including BA at ABI is 27 and younger. So you figure the heat will, would have to get motivated to do a deal. The question is when who's gonna be on the table, what kind of offers are, are there? That's really kind of the most interesting thing I think in the league right now. So I watched the fourth quarter in OT of the game last night against Detroit that they ended up losing in ot. He was incredible in that game. I think he, he had like a 35, 19 and 12, something like that. But w looked like playoff. Jimmy was really trying hard. That team has a weird identity issue with with Hero who's been excellent And it seems like over and over again at the end of games, it's just these hero 27 footers or Butler BA's not involved really at all.


And it's just, it's just a weird team to watch. It's not a team that's gonna win four straight playoff rounds. But it seems like to me, we've seen this go a couple different ways with the guy who maybe doesn't wanna be there anymore or he is got, you know, he's gonna be afraid at the end of the year. Maybe he's not Ha he's not happy. The team didn't give him an extension. He seems like he's moved toward the, I'm actually mad I didn't get the extension and now I'm leaving after the year, I'm gonna show everybody how awesome I I am. And to me, I I said this on the pod the other day, Houston's the team and you watch Houston, you, were you there for the NBA Cup semi-finals? I I I was not at that game. No. Yeah, but I, I do think Bill Houston, they, they doth protest too much about how they're gonna keep this team together, right?


Like every time you, you see like a quote from Raphael Stone or some reporting coming outta Houston, it's, we want to keep this team together and, and see what it has. And I get that I, I understand wanting to see how a young team fits over 82 games, how a young team plays in the postseason and kind of using that as, as a data point to, to build off of. But if you have a chance to supercharge your, your roster with a a defensive minded veteran that would fit in pretty well. I think an email yo dokas system and his culture, I, I think you've gotta at least take a swing. Well, and and the other big part is an end of the game guy, which they don't have. Hmm. They, you really feel it like they have no chance in an OKC playoff series.


They're just not gonna be able to get shots they want OKC just strangled them. You know, it's like we're gonna talk boxing later. It was like watching the boxer who just doesn't let the other guy breathe and the guy just is trapped in the corner against the ropes. Just, just trying to hang on. That's how I felt watching them offensively. Shang go's probably the safest, but no, I don't trust any of their perimeter guys and they don't have that one guy who's like, alright, one point game, three minutes left, like kind of take us home, they go to Fred Van ble. I don't trust Jalen Green at all. Like you go on down the line. But I like a lot of their players and I do think they have an identity and what's interesting is he fits in with the identity so perfectly. So I was saying a couple days ago about Butler with RO and then Van BLEs expiring in there and you load it with, you know, guys to make that they have a bunch of expiring to make it work and then they have picks and for Miami it's just a reboot.


They get cap space this summer, nobody has cap space this summer. It's one of the crazy things. That's it. Yeah, yeah. And, and one other team, right? It's like Washington or there's, I think there's only two teams with 30 million and up Miami could rig this. So all of a sudden they could have the most cap space and be, to me it's a reboot destination all of a sudden next year they're different team and a little more dangerous. And we've seen them do this multiple times in the last 20 years, right? Where all it seems bleak then all of a sudden they're, they're back. So I'm working under the assumption they're trading them. You don't think they would possibly think that they could beat the, the Celtics and the Cavaliers and OKCI? I just can't believe they would think that.


I think they could, they probably think they could be competitive with Cleveland because there are things you can exploit against the Cavs in a seven game series. They, they can't believe they're on Boston's level. They they're not. And and that's really the bar, right? Like yeah, they, they could look as of right now today they could extend Jimmy Butler. They can give him two years buck 13. Like you, you've got nothing till June 30th to do that if you really wanted to. They don't want, you know, he's, he's 35 years old and no matter how he's playing right now, like the idea of attacking two more years onto to that option year, it, it doesn't make any sense to them. And I get that like how many teams over the last 12 months have handout extensions?


They wish they didn't. Right? Like Denver and Jamal Murray, the Sixers and Joel em beat even. Like you don't, worst thing You can do, I that's the number one extension to Be, I was trying to be nice, I was trying to be nice like MBE at least has like an MVP track record. Yeah. Murray had never even been at All Star. Like, and he was coming off that absolute crap of a, of a Olympic run. But like I, there was, those guys are just examples of of of guys you give extensions to way too early Miami, they're on a different path here. Jimmy's not gonna be on it. I I think my question would be Bill, is if like, like the draft capital move is, is probably the right way to go. The expiring contract is probably the right way to go reboot, use that cap flexibility. But can you get interested in Michael Porter Jr.


If, if that's a deal with Denver, like I saw you had that last week. I as a Yoki guy, I loved it and I was trying to talk myself into it, but I that can't be the centerpiece. I mean you don't think that, do you, is Porter the centerpiece of a Butler trade? I mean he's such a good offensive player and, and, and I just think in that Miami system you could unlock even more in 'em Like you it, but now I don't have cap space next year I do that. I'm you don't, I'm I don I'm, I'm I'm committed to. That's what I'm saying. Those three guys, you You're, you're throwing out your the cap flexibility stuff. You're, you're, you're, you're going, you're two boys two more years at, at big Number for Michael Porter Jr. Jr. After This year. Yeah, Yeah, after this year. Right. It it's a tough call. I I just, I love his, his offensive dynamic.


Like just everything he can do offensively. I I love and he's kind of shaken off the injury bug from the last couple of years. Yeah. I I I just, I wonder, and he kind of fits the timeline too, what is he like 25, 26 years old all of a sudden, right? You're adding MPJ in with all these young guys. Throw Jaime Hawke into that mix. You've, you're g can you, I guess, can you get something better than Porter Jr in free agency? It would be kind of my question over the next couple of summers. I I don't know the answer to that. You know, who'd root for that trade as a Celtics? Because they'd be like, oh wait, you're gonna have Porter and Hero and the same team in crunch time. It's a problem. This is great. It's like an all you can eat for who we're gonna attack. I I'm with you in the sense that I do like Porter as an asset a little more than I think other people.


The contract, the back issues. Like there's, there's real things to be scared about. Like the defense, the fact that he's been replaced during games and crunch time for Russell Westbrook for defensive purposes. Like there's red flags Wild. I love that he's played with Yoic for this long because that's like getting your fucking masters for how to play basketball right? There does seem like there's more there offensively. But to me that's a guy I, I like, I'm looking at a team like Brooklyn or some of the other like Eastern Conference also rans. And if you're looking at Porter thinking like, You know what, this is a guy who might be a 25 point game point of game scorer on a different team. You know, right now he's in the corner a lot or he is like just trying to play Yoic and Murray are running everything.


So what might that look like on a crappier team? What could that look like on like the Pistons with what we watch, You know, what, what Tim Hardaway and Beasley are doing it and that and Tobias Harris are doing that kind of shooting forward spot. What if you put Porter in there? So yeah, listen, I would love to see Denver somehow improve this. I just don't know. I I don't think Porter is enough to get somebody like Butler and then Golden State State feels like they shot their wad with the mountain thing now they can't put the salaries together. Yeah, well you can still, I I I guess rules wise put Schroeder into a deal and, and I don dunno who's gonna want Schroeder on the expiring and, and they've got some, the problem with Denver is they have no draft capital.


Right? Like you'd have to throw like Zeke Najee into that and hope somebody wants him. But man, I, you watch them and I've watched a lot of them the last couple weeks. Like they need something like they need somebody with an edge. They need somebody to bring some energy to that team. Yeah, I know Maurice's had a good couple of games like 48 over the last two. But you know, he, he looks awful. His shooting numbers are all down Yoic. I mean I don't wanna dump on the guy 'cause he's having a ridiculous offensive season, but defensively he's terrible. Right? And that's a big reason why, you know, they've sunk as far as they have defensively. So they, they just need an infusion of something if they're going to maximize this, you know, these last, not last but these few years of Yoic playing at an MVP level. And I don't know if if Butler's the guy 'cause all of a sudden you can't shoot at multiple positions.


But his edge and, and his like the way he plays, I think that would be something that Denver needs. He's certainly the most fun for the playoff front. I can't believe you said Yoko's defense was terrible. That really hurt my feelings. It's a number one yo lover because I'm, I'm, It's conditionally terrible 'cause he is got great hands. He's, he's jumping, passing lanes. He gets steals. Like he's very active. He's good at breaking two on ones. There's things he does well. But then you watch a game like the Kings last night where they're just getting basically whatever they want And it, you know, his lack of ri protection becomes more of a problem. Well, well this is, this is the problem among the problems and and I was talking to, to an assistant coach that that went up against him in the last couple of weeks.


And you know, part of it is Michael Malone is just running him out there for like 38 minutes a game. Yeah. Because he has to, If you're carrying that heavy an offensive burden, it's gonna cost you something on the other end no matter who you are. Yep. And I think it's costing him there. The other thing I keep hearing and, and I haven't been around him personally enough to see it, but people keep saying he's heavy, right? Like he's not in, in the kind of shape you've seen him in in years past and all those things have, you know, caused him to go from being a guy that people saw trending towards like an average to good defender. Like he's never gonna be elite, but an average to good defender to now he, he's kind of taken a step back into that, that below average defensive range.


And look it, it doesn't really matter for their purposes 'cause he is so dynamic offensively. But you know, you look at their defensive problems and, and some of them are solved with Aaron Gordon back in the mix. But Yoic Murray getting killed on the point of attack. Some of the guys off the bench not delivering. They're, they're not a good defensive team for all those reasons. Well, and I think that the too many minutes thing is a big problem too. Is there, is there any other Butler team? Because you, you threw out Denver the other day. Golden State and Houston were the two I was focusing on in the content. I did. Is there, is there anybody else we're not thinking of? 'cause it doesn't seem like how many, How many, but are do you, do you, I I get amused by how many times I keep hearing Phoenix thrown in this discussion.


Like it makes any sense for anybody to do a deal like that, like Phoenix would've to trade Bradley Beal And it Miami would've to want Bradley Beal. I don know why Miami And he would've to wave a no trade clause and he's not Bradley Beal anymore. Like he's, oh, if it was three years ago, Bradley Bill, I I guess we could talk about it, but not the guy now I don't, doesn't seem like he can play for three straight weeks. No, I, I see a lot of, of just, you know, going down through hoops hype. It's like Phoenix interested in in Jimmy Butler, Dallas. How Dallas Yeah, Dallas too. That's another one. Like that's not gonna happen. No, I mean I could see Golden State taking a swing like Golden State and Denver are the two teams that probably aren't all that concerned about, you know, Jimmy Butler next year.


Yeah, it's all about this year. You wanna maximize a window and if Golden State can get him for some combination of Andrew Wiggins and Brandon Penski, then you'd probably jump at that. If you're the Warriors and if Denver can get him, you know, just for Michael Porter Jr. And some filler, you'd probably jump at that. If you're, if you're the nuggets, at least you should because you're, you're, you're not looking at two, three years down the line you're looking at now to win something. I thought I was gonna, at Thursday I had the Cam Johnson, Dennis Schreder Golden State, I did a whole thing about it and I really thought that was gonna be how it played out. And then they got schreder two days later and they didn't get Cam Johnson and then they're reporting people were saying they didn't wanna put Domingo on the table in a Cam Johnson trade. I was really surprised by that because the contract that Cam Johnson's on versus what Domingo's probably gonna get and for HC next year, 30 million, I'm guessing Johnson's like a 22.


I'd just rather have Cam Johnson, I think he's a better asset and I thought if they, and that's why I don't feel like that's dead yet. Because I think the more you stare at that, the more you think, ah, cam Johnson at 22 is just a good asset. That's like if I was doing like top 30 best contracts in the league for non-work contract guys, cam Johnson's in like the top 12 making 22 a year. So I don do they're, well I don't think that's dead yet. Do you think they're holding on to Minga though to see if there's something better out there than Cam Johnson that Yeah, I think they're holding on the problem though. You mentioned Schroder before. I don't know if they can trade him in a, in a trade where he is with other players. 'cause it's the trade deadline's early this year.


It's like February 6th. So I think the trade they did for Schroder, it's not in that two month window where then you can repackage the guy for multiple ads. I think that's it though. Did they change the rule For that? IIII, I'm not smart enough to remember all the new rules there, but I I do, they changed it from what I heard coming out of this was that they can package Schroder as for another in another deal. So it's basically you're it's the same contract as De Anthony melt in the second round. Capital they swapped means Nothing. Well that's great then. So then, so they could do Minga, Wiggins Schroder and they'd have to send find a, a fourth guy somewhere like Zeki who I think they overvalued over the summer I think was one of the lessons of the summer that was, they're making basically an untouchable and he's just been really bad this year.


Not totally as fault. He is playing out a position, but he hasn't been good. He low thirties from three point range. He's, he's, he's really cratered in that sense. Shooter's interesting though. I mean if he gets traded again, what it be nine teams and eight years. I don why do you think it didn't work for him in Boston? 'cause this version of Shroder now I really like, but in Boston it just didn't work. Yeah, I I I it's probably more to do with style of play. Yeah. I I don't really remember all the, I don't think there were any issues in the locker room. He had some of those early in his career, but I think he's moved past them. Yeah, it seemed like they liked him. Yeah. And, and getting moved from Brooklyn is more about like, hey, we want a guy that can't play more than we want a guy that can. So I, I don't know, but you know, he o offensively, I, I think he's gonna help the Warriors to bring it full circle.


Like in the short term. I think having another ball handler me too is good. And having another score is good. A guy that can make shots and clutch situations, obviously, you know, Kerr likes him. I think he's gonna help, but I, I don't think he's untouchable over these next couple of months either. I really like him too because competitive, a good defensive player, like just feisty, it's the Feistiness now you have him and you have Draymond and Kaga gets a little feisty sometimes Curry talks shit. Like there's a little more of an identity with the team. The only other butler I, I was looking at it, trying to figure out any anyway, was the Cavs just, is is that even, does that even make sense? Do they have the contracts? I just couldn't figure it out and I'm, I'm not confident that they would do anything major anyway.


'cause they have great chemistry right now and I don't think you'd wanna fuck with that. Don't, yeah, the the cabs to me, they've got great, they're a great regular season team, right? Like they're built to win a whole bunch of regular season games because they'll play 11 guys and that's awesome in, in the regular season. But that's not really consequential in the playoffs. I I love Mitchell and Garland right now, but smallish guards in the postseason can get exploited. We've seen it happen even in Cleveland before. So, you know, any deal with Butler and, and Cleveland would have to, I assume, involve Garland. Do you want Garland if you're Miami, does that make any sense that you brought a brought up defensive issues with Hero and Porter?


It's the same kind of situation if you bring Garland into that mix. I don know. I don't if I'm, I don't think that's the move if, if I'm Cleveland, but I I I don know that I, I'd make Cleveland a a threat to Boston yet either despite the fact they played really well against them in those two games. Let me ask you, if salaries, if you could throw out salaries when you made trades, do you think the Celtics would trade Peyton Prichard straight up for Giannis? I mean, yes, but the fact that we're even asking that question. Fair. How about paid Prichard for, for Jimmy Butler? I don know man, this is An unbelievable season that he's having. I mean, this is beyond six man of the year.


Like his per 36 stats now are nuts. Incredible stats are nuts. He's in the running for one of the best six man seasons anyone's had since like John Havlicek for the Celtics. I can't believe what I'm watching. The short answer to Pritchard for Butler is I think Boston would say no 'cause Butler doesn't shoot threes. If you play for the Celtics, you you have to shoot at least eight threes a game to Right. Or be able to, to, to do, I mean he's, he's been awesome and what a contract he's on too. Like you'd have to, you couldn't do a Butler deal. 'cause Butler's making like, what, 46 million in Peyton's making eight? Yeah. So like, no, you Can't even, he's, you can barely put him in any trade. I would say if you're doing best contracts in the league, he's gotta be in like the top three.


He might even be number one. He's 6 million of the year, it's 7 million bucks. And also gives them the luxury of like, oh, Derrick White's a little banged up tonight. We'll just play Pritchard. He'll score 29 in a starting spot. It's can you, it's really great. I mean the, the, the ceiling of this regular season Celtics team, when everybody's back, I do feel like they have like a 16, 18 game winning streak in there somewhere before the season ends. Can, can you think of a player, I can't think of a player that's had the kind of like three year stretch of Peyton Pritchard where it's like he's not playing, Joe Missoula doesn't like him. He wants to be traded. All of a sudden he is getting opportunity and now he's in the sixth man of the year. I'm sure guys have had these, this kind of rollercoaster ride, but I haven't seen one like Peyton Pritchard to get to this level.


You'd said a couple years ago this was where we, what we'd be talking about with Peyton Pritchard. Where would you trade him for Giannis or Jimmy Butler? It, Well, it those for jokes, but Yeah, I know, I know, but, but I don think Butler's a joke. I wouldn't trade him for Jimmy Butler. I mean, it's gonna come off crazy, but like Peyton Pritchard fits what this team is doing. Peyton Pritchard can come off the bench and knock down, you know, six threes, two of them at the buzzer. Like he's, he's, he's just the perfect fit for what they wanna do. Yeah, if you're talking 7 million for Peyton Pritchard or 48 for Jimmy Butler, I think for the way this Celtics team's constructed it is it's, i it really feels like you see this happen sometimes in basketball, in in football and baseball and boxing.


It seems like the game slowed down for him a little bit. He'll have these moments where all of a sudden he is doing old man post-up plays on shorter guards. He's around the rim. He is like, oh, I'm gonna do old man pickup basketball and just like, shoot a jump hook over this guy. It's been really impressive to watch. Speaking of boxing big fight this weekend, my guy who I bet on every time he fights, I just parlay him with football teams. Us Usic is the rematch against Fury. EK's never lost. Everybody's been looking forward to this fight. Is it, is this t to you, is this a, will he finally get the credit he deserves as a main draw fight or is this a, what does Tyson Fury have left fight?


I think it's more of a what does Tyson Fury have left fight? I do think that for a broader audience, Usik is, you know, getting some of the credit that he deserved back at Cruiserweight when he became the first ever undisputed champion in the four belt era comes to heavyweight beats aj your guy twice. My guy, my guy who no matter where I bet I lose four or against something like, oh, for my last six You, I get a text from you every time Anthony Joshua fights. And it's usually like, I can't believe I bet on that guy that's, or I can't believe I, I didn't bet on him or whatever. Yeah, every time. Yeah. I, I, I think a, as much as, as he is getting some of the exposure that he deserves and, and I had like a two hour conversation with him last month for a story that's coming out on Friday.


He, he's really a remarkable guy with a remarkable backstory. This is more about Tyson Fury and what does Tyson Fury have left in the tank? I mean, he has overcome a ton of stuff over the last 10 years, you know, whether it's off the or outside, the ring issues, weight issues, depression issues, coming back from tough fights, you know, a whole bunch of different things. He's never had to come off a loss before. And I talked to Tyson for a while last week. I've watched a lot of clips of him over the last couple of weeks and I, I, I do wonder kind of what is his mindset coming into this fight? Like how, how much does he have left at 36 years old, which is chronologically younger, but Augs and Usic, but he's been through physically and perhaps mentally so much more.


I mean, I saw an interview Tyson did this week where he said that he hasn't talked to his wife Paris in three months. Like didn't really elaborate on that, but said he hadn't talked to his wife in three months. And I'm, I'm watching the interview. What, like this, this is a big family. They were on that Netflix series. Like they, they are intertwined. Those two hasn't talked to her in three months. Now maybe it's 'cause hey, I'm, I'm just totally locked in. I don know if I, I buy that. But I, I'm, I'm wondering what Fury has left here. Because if you're not a hundred percent, if you don't have your A game, USIC gonna beat you. I think Usic is a generational great, you know, I think he's one of those rare guys that only come along once every 20, 25 years that are so skilled, so strong.


Doesn't matter what weight class you put him in, he's gonna dominate big guys, small guys. He's gonna beat you with his discipline and with his game plan. And if you don't have everything going for you the right way, you're gonna get beaten. And that, that I'm not so sure about with Tyson Fury. Well, the interesting thing about the first fight is the scorecards had it closer than I think I had it in my head when I was watching. I mean, fury almost got knocked out. It seemed like it was a wrap and he really got the shit kicked out of him. I think it was the ninth round and then kind of around. He definitely won the 12th round. The 11th round. I remember two the judges gave it to him. One judge didn't, which was super suspicious. But I don't know. It was a split decision, but it really wasn't like, I, I don't think anybody watching that fight thought, oh, I wonder who won Fury's face looked worse, everything looked worse.


I, I just think Husick reminds me so much of Pereira in the UFC where it's, you just watch him and you're like, I don't know what the answer is to try to beat this guy. At least in UFC. You could try to take the guy down and get him on the ground. I, with Usic, I almost feel like it's gotta be somebody like Olli just overpowering him. Okay. And using like a huge size, you know how I'd bring ole up like just a huge size disadvantaged. 'cause he is like a blown up cruiser weight and maybe that's how to beat him. I just don't see Fury doing it. You gotta, first of all, at some point you should sit down with Cola. 'cause he is an incredibly engaging guy and I know you love him. He's, he's, he's interesting. I Usig would beat P 12 zip by the way, like Usig would not make the same mistakes Jared Anderson made and stay within range of that right hand.


He Would just, he would just be zipping around. He'd be zipping around him using Faints inside Dare Outside. How dare he disparage Bli? There's a lot of guys wanna see fight. He's, he's a really funny guy, but here's the fun to watch. Nobody wants to fight Ole he couldn't even get on the February 26th second card. They had to like, push him to the next card. But he was supposed to, I mean, it seemed like DUIs was gonna be the natural whatever. He didn't wanna fight him. He just Does not wanna fight. Dubo does not wanna fight Marba. Not, not with like Dub Bois sitting out there going like, all right, there's maybe a rematch with aj, which is worth eight figures. There's maybe a unification fight with the winner of Fury and Usic that could be worth eight figures.


I'm not getting in the ring with Martin Ley and risking getting my head taken off. What I'm, I've already had some issues with knockouts in the past. You're, you're, you're not doing that. So look, USIC, what I love about Usik is that he kind of gives away the game plan before every fight. Yeah. Like when he makes these jokes where he is like, don't be afraid, Tyson, I'm I'm not gonna leave you alone. That is, is him telling you that he's gonna be applying pressure all night and pressure comes in different ways. Like it doesn't have to be this overwhelming, I I'm gonna put you in a headlock during every round type of pressure that we've seen from some brawlers, it can just be staying in your face. Yeah. And making you keep your hands up at all times and making you stay on your toes at all times.


That's exhausting. Like Tyson Fuer, I thought won the first half of that, of that fight with Usig four, two could have been three, three, but the pressure Usic put on was overwhelming. Yeah. And, and in the ninth round it, it got up to him when Usic landed that first straight left hand, you know, that was, that was the fight right there. So he's gonna do the exact same thing again. And I, if again, it goes back to theory, if he's not as sharp as he's been at his very best, I, I think he's gonna have a lot of problems in this fight. Usik has a lot of pieces of things that I've loved from guys in the past. Like he, as the fight goes on, it just seems like he shrinks the ring and, and figures out the exact distance, how to hit the guy with the little tiny punches that don't seem like a big deal.


And then they kind of add up. But there's like pieces of Hopkins in there. There's pieces of, says there's Chavez in there. Like there just those guys that just, there's one fight the first four rounds and then the fight starts to shift and you can kind of feel it. And I don't really know what the answer is to beating him, but I just know I'm gonna be betting on him every time he fights. He's 37, I don't know how many more of these he has left, but I mean he, if you look back at his, he's 22 and oh, he beat Joshua twice. Beat dubois, beat Fury already could be beating him again. He was dominant as a cruiserweight. Go back to the 2012 gold medal in that whole era. Like he was beating all those guys.


And I don't like if he wins this like, what's next? Because you could fight Dubon Parker fighting February 22nd, Soji and Cael. So maybe it's one of those two. I I don't what, who's the next fight? It, it's, it's not going to be AJ who wants nothing to do with, with Usic and a AJ to me. Like they, they keep talking about like if Fury loses, you can make the AJ fight. Like we didn't just see AJ get clobbered over five rounds today. Deis. Right. It's gonna forget about that that happened. Remember the three in a row AJ won and not, not that one. Yeah. So I, it's not gonna be aj you beat Fury again. It's not gonna be Fury.


Dubois would certainly do it, but like, yeah, I mean I think Usik, if there was enough money on the table would certainly fight Dan dubois again become undisputed champion. Once again. There could be like events out there for him. Like everybody in boxing has been trying to find a way to do a fight with Jaylee Zong on mainland China. Like the amount of times I've heard about Zong going back to the Bird's Nest in Beijing in front of a hundred thousand people, you know, for a while it was Anthony Joshua. Well hey, it could be Alexander Usik that fights him there if, if Jon can get a win in his next fight. So maybe it's something like that. But he will have quite literally have cleaned out the heavyweight division if he beats Tyson Fury for the second time, or there'd be guys he hasn't beaten but beaten those two top guys twice, that would be an accomplishment.


And you, you asked me like, how do you beat Usik? To me, there's only one way to do it and that's to just apply unrelenting pressure to him. Because there have been times where Usik has been in trouble, like a Cruiserweight. He had a, I think it was a split decision win over Marus who's a physical guy at Cruiserweight. The times that AJ had success against him was when he was the one putting pressure, he was, was the one letting his right hand go. I think it was like the ninth or 10th round of that second fight we had Usik in real trouble even early on. Fury landed some good shots on Usik, just didn't follow up and chase him down. Go back even further. Derek Ssra of all people, Derek Tessa might have given Usic his toughest fight at heavyweight because through six rounds he was just lumbering after him.


You know, right. In that fight. So if you are willing to, to just, you know, go all in and commit on a pressure style, you can have success against usi. But if you try to box him, you're gonna lose every single time because he is a better boxer than everyone at Cru Weight and everyone at heavyweight, Which is one of the things that made fur special was at his size. He was like kind of a sneaky good boxer, but not compared to this. Good. I'm glad, I'm glad you brought up Sha. I think he's lost to everybody in the division at this point, right? He's still going, he's still Not over yet. So is there a cruise weight that could move up? Not, I mean, look, so Gilberto Ramirez is now a unified champion and Gilberto is someone that people in the US know a little bit about.


Former champion at 1 68, title contender 1 75, lost a Bee Bowl back in 2022 over in Abu Dhabi. He's a name in that division. And you know, us six fought in the US in the past. That would probably be a pretty big fight if, if Ramirez wins one or two more fights. The other guy in that division is giant Batya, who's super athletic, good power at that weight class, still try to build a name. I think that's big enough to, to get someone like Usik that's interested. So those are conceivable possible fights, but I I would make Usik a big favorite against both those guys. I, you know, Usik too, bill, you know, the last fight, I forget what his exact weight was, but you could tell that in what was, I think his fifth fight at heavyweight, he had grown into the weight class.


Mm. Before he was just going up in weight and he was like 2 12, 2 13, 2 18. He was solid in the last fight. Like he's a full-fledged heavyweight right now. And if he takes on a cruiser weight like Ramirez or Aya coming up, they're gonna have problems with his size. So yeah, there are some, some decent names there, but nobody that, that I would make a threat at this point to Usic. Yeah, I remember that happened with Holyfield. It took him a couple to feel like he was a heavyweight and then it happened. Well on Fandel right now he is minus 1 66. 1 66 usic, which I just think is nuts. I don't understand at this point in his career, from everything we've seen how he's not minus two 50 against everyone else in that division just blind.


There's not one person that he shouldn't be minus two 50 against. So I worry Bill, but I worry about some of the, like the scorecards were too close last time. You know, USIC, he needed that knockdown to, to pull out a decision. Right. You know, there's a lot of money in a trilogy that's a reality, right? Like if, if Fury wins, there's a do this whole pile of money. Don't, I, I don't, I don't wanna do it. But I've seen enough in boxing to wonder, You know, what could happen in a circumstance like this? I either think go gonna have clean, Clean, are you saying boxing gets fishy sometimes It gets very fishy. It gets very fishy. And I think more importantly, there's, there's some bad judges in boxing, like really bad judges and judging boxing is hard. I have to do it in an unofficial capacity, you know, every week at D Zone.


But did some strange things happen on scorecards in boxing? And I, I hope we don't get that in this fight. I hope the the right man comes out the winner. Yeah. Probably the Mads people get at you is, is either something you wrote about LeBron or they didn't like how you scored round four in like the, the third to last fight on a dis zone thing. Right? People just go nuts about the scoring. I had to go nuts watching it. I get so mad There. So really, but it's always, it's always on a micro level, right? It's like, I can't believe you scored the fourth round for, for such and such. Right? Well go back and re-watch that and I'll rescore it. But it's, it, look, it's hard, especially some of these rounds where there's not a ton of action and, and I think Usik Fury, some of those rounds were hard to score, especially in the first half of, of the fight when there wasn't the kind of obvious action that you saw in the second half.


But I mean, I just hope there's no controversy to this one. If Fury wins, great, let's have a trilogy. I think it'd be awesome. But if Hoosick wins, you know, hope he wins clean. Well the other thing, when you're sitting close, you might miss like the biggest punch of the round 'cause the ref blocked you or you know, it's, it's not an exact science. Before we go, we gotta talk about the super card in February 26th or February 22nd. I don't know if there's been a card like this, like the the third, fourth best fight on this card would be the best fight on a Saturday night. We talked, we talked in the past about how the Saudis and all this overseas money and they're just like, we want everybody good to fight each other and that's what we want.


And that's, this seems like the full culmination of that. This is one of one of the best boxing cards of all time. When you saw it all laid out, were you shocked? Like they didn't even have room for Ole, they were like, no, we're moving you over, moving your fight later. This is one of the, we have super middleweight, lightweight welterweight, better Bev against B Ball, Dubo against Parker Chong's fighting Kabi yell like this. It's a fucking crazy card. It's the deepest card that I've ever seen. You go back to the 1990s and Don King put on some unbelievable pay-per-view cards where they were four fights, deep championship level, high level stuff. We've never had a card that on paper goes seven fights deep with all headliners night after night.


And this is, this is an example of the positive impact of, of the Saudis entry into boxing. What we're gonna see in the main event on, on Saturday is an example. I mean, having a two fights between Fury and Usik in one year is remarkable. Even more remarkable is the headliner of the February 22nd card. I mean, we had to wait six years. Six years both better. Bev and Bevo were world champions and they didn't fight each other because there's no money in it because neither one of 'em has a real fan base. Saudis come along, they make a fight in October and less than six months later we're getting the rematch like that. Is that, that's that there's a huge net positive for the Saudis being involved in boxing.


For boxing. IWI would say this though, I don't know how necessary it is to have seven fights like this on a card because it's great if you wanna watch all seven if you are a true purist. If you're a diehard, yeah, you sit down at 11 o'clock in the morning on the West coast and you're watching, you know, Zong fight or you're watching Virgil Ortiz fight, it's great. Like I would, I will spend my entire day if I'm not there watching that particular card. But especially in the US not a lot of people are probably gonna do that. And I do think there's something to the idea of spreading this stuff out, right? Like having two or three great fights on a card and then a month, month and a half from that, then having the other two or three great fights, like having sort of a, a schedule start to Build up recurring During a month.


Yeah. So you get these guys, But don't fight this as UFC though. Like UFC has changed the thinking on this. 'cause there'll be some UFC cards that you could watch for five straight hours and they, they kind of want that. Yeah. But UFC's able to do that month after month, right? Yeah. Like I don't know what the boxing schedule is after February 22nd. Like there is some fights I'm looking forward to, but you know, nothing with the kind of depth that we're gonna see on the 22nd. Like even like Shakur Stevenson, Floyd Schofield is a fun fight that would headline in Newark or in New York. Yeah. Virgil and Madoff. Good fight in Texas. Like I I I think it, it's, look the, I I'm excited to watch every single one of these fights. I wouldn't argue though with the idea of like, hey, let's push a a few of them, you know, a month from now and like, maybe a couple others.


Yeah. Just, just divvy it up, give these guys a chance for, for a little more exposure. It's great that they're getting the money, like all these guys are getting paid and in a sport like this, you deserve it. But, you know, I I just worry about the exposure of a guy that's gonna be fighting at noon Pacific in, in the us That's the only thing I would, I would quibble with Counter. This is like Thanksgiving. It's like, should we have sweet potatoes and mashed potatoes and stuffing and like, fuck it. Let's just, let's just go for it. I, to me this is like a once in a decade kind of card. I don't know if they'll be able to replicate this many fights in a row. I've never seen anything like this where you literally can't miss the first of seven fights. And the best thing is Stevenson, who I think is my least favorite good guy to watch.


And now he's buried on this card with six other fights. So I don't have to, you know, be like, ah, do I get it? I don't really like watching this guy. And now it's like he's just one of the many, but somehow they left out my guy Ole. So I have to get, do I have to get Ole on a podcast? Try to try to pump him up. What do I need to do? I I think you should, I think he'd fly to Los Angeles to do it. I mean he's got like this incredible story where he is from Africa, but he's kind of Scottish now and he's got this great personality that it comes with it and he's been so avoided for, for so many years. Just, just to put a button on, on the card. It, it's a great problem to have, right? Like I'm, I'm excited about it. I wanna see it. Everyone Wants to see you're working, right?


Are you working it? I believe so. Yeah. It's, they, we haven't figured that out yet, but yeah, I I was at the last better be of Bevo fight. Yeah. Yeah. It, it, it's a great problem to have. Seven hours of high level boxing is gonna be awesome for the boxing fans out there. Like ultimately that's, that's what it comes down to. I wonder like this card's so good. I wonder if you almost need two play-by-play guys. I don't, is it too much to ask one play? It's almost like you have to go wwf or they have the two different play by play guys for the five hour card. It's like that's, I don't even know if Gus Johnson would be able to go for seven straight hours with boxing Like that. We did, we did that whole Riyadh season card in la which I think was like six fights.


Like that was a lot of, 'cause that was, you know, that was a pretty deep one. You had, you know, David Morrell fighting low on that card. You had a pretty good slobber knocker of a fight with Jarrell Miller and Andy Ruiz, you know, low on that card. So yeah, it's, it's, these are are long days, but they're, if you are like a true purist and, and someone that just wants to sit down on your couch and is willing to invest seven hours, it's one of the, it'll be one of the better days. You'll, you'll have February 22nd February turning into a surprisingly good sports month. It used to be like the dead month, but now all of these different places have figured out like the trade, they moved the trade deadline up somehow against the Super Bowl and then a whole bunch of stuff happening. Chris May it's great to see you have fun at the NBA Cup tonight.


Hope Oswell with you. You Got it man. Thanks. Alright, coming up you're gonna hear two things I taped with Chris Ryan on Monday. The first is about Timothy Chalamet in the Bob Dylan movie. Try not to have any SPOILERS in this. So we're gonna play that and then after that we're gonna move right to Landman, my favorite new show of the 2020. So me and Chris Ryan right now. All right. I'm here with Chris Ryan. It is less than 10 days until the Bob Dylan movie comes out with Shaima. A Complete Unknown. You've seen it. I have. I saw it over the weekend on the Producer's Guild app. Must be nice. Low Expectations.


I don't wanna step on your pod v Sean 'cause I know you have a big pod coming on Christmas. The thing that jumped out to me was how good Shallow Man was. Yeah, Yeah. And I, I intentionally tried not to read anything. I wasn't that excited about the movie 'cause I've ne I've never like loved Bob Dylan just 'cause my entire life. Everyone's just talked about what kind of a kind a movie Dick is. He's perfect Example of English teacher guy, English student, you know? Right. Lot, lot of reading. Lot Music expected it. My parents really liked him and it means a lot to my mom. But we kind of know him. The older version of Bob Dylan. Sure. Where he's just like kind of kind of mutters and does Anyway, Chalamet was great. Yes. As you know I love when people sing in movies. Val Kilmer in the Doors.


Yeah. He was one of those. Why I always thought like, hey never got enough credit. But Cooper in A Star Born Yeah. Does most singing. Yeah. He does a really good job. And I don, I don't understand why he's not like a prohibitive best actor Favorite. I don't think enough people have seen the movie yet. I think when he is actually like first of all this is, he's already doing the Lord's work on the promo tour, which we're gonna talk about. Yeah. But once people see this movie, I think that he might slingshot ahead of Ray Fines and Adrian Bro Brody. So what are the cases for Ray Fines and Adrian Brody? So Raf is probably a, he deserves it. Body of Work. Conclaves really good Body of work. Never like a Joe B type of case. He case two Years ago, he's never won. Okay. Okay.


I'm wearing a thunder hat. Yeah. I don't even acknowledge that. Yeah. Body of work for Ray Finds and I think for Adrian Brody it would be like, this is it. This is the performance of a lifetime. Even though he is already won, which I think we'll probably count against some already Won. That's a strike. Yeah. Chalamet this is great for the Oscars. Yeah. He'll definitely get nominated and it will feel like a younger hip Oscars. But I gotta be honest, I didn't, wasn't positive he had a performance like this in him. I didn't see a musical side of Shaima. It's the first movie that I feel like this in Dune, but it definitely Dune two where kind of like, it's like Tim's a Timmy's a man now. Like he's like actually a convincing guy in his late twenties now.


And well Remember when this happened to Leo? Yeah. Was like the catch me if you can era where I was like oh Leo's an adult now we Be Yeah he had done the beach and a couple of other things to try and move into like out of heart throb and into adult and you know, I remember this happened to you when we went to The Ringer. Yeah. You shed like your Grantland teen idol. That Was that. That was my blood diving. He went right up. But yeah, no, so so now this, this opens up, he has this, I think he's gonna win the Oscar. Yeah. I'd be surprised if he didn't. I think he'll get a lot of momentum 'cause it's so surprising how good he is in this. Yes. In a movie that probably shouldn't work in a movie. I'm not even positive. I don't wanna step on your take 'cause you have the whole pod. But I'm not positive. I love the movie that much but I love the performances and I thought he was great.


I thought the, what's the top gun lady's name? Monica. Monica Barber. Monica Barro. Yeah. Yeah she was great. She plays Joan Baez Norton. Yeah Norton is Pete Seeger. I think it's a movie that'll probably be like a lot of people are like, I love the performances, I love the music. I don't know if there's like a huge story there and But that's been a lot of musical biographies in general. Yeah like Walk the Line was the same thing. People are like, I love Phoenix. I loved Reese movie Was Was solid. That one had a little bit more inherent tragedy built into it. But I think that this one is just gonna really blow people away. Because if you see the trailer and if you just look at Timothy Chalamet like in his day-to-day life, you probably wouldn't guess that he could pull this off. It has something in common with the Stars born. And when we heard word about this and then there was like the initial clips and you'd think, oh no.


Oh Brother, Oh boy, here we go. You know, we've seen people make go this way and make the mistake. Yeah. But, but anyway you mentioned the press tour with Shaima. So Shala MA's using the opportunity that he might have here where he's odds on or he is gonna be an odds on Oscar favorite if not like the prohibitive favorite. And he seems to be taking most of that time to make it clear how much he loves sports. Yeah And I love it. Now there's a very, you know, not famous but infamous clip of him on Kimmel from like eight years ago or whatever it was where he talks about how much he loves you, right? Yeah. He's done Theo Vaughn, he's done game day. He's done. He good on game all the night Shapes day. He was great on game day.


When are we getting Timmy on the bill pod? I put the request in. Okay. I've wanted to have mine for years. I know he is a big Knicks fan. He seems like a genuine sports fan. He Seems like a nut. And we put the stuff, I don't know how his team decides, but, so This is the Chalamet the challenge. Yeah. Chalamet come on the pod. Let's find out once and for all how much sports. You know, I saw you on college game day. It was convincing. But I also know he is an actor. Yeah. And he could memorize what four or five pages of script of dialogue in one day. So the flips, he couldn't remember, he couldn't have remembered like six picks that his buddy gave him. And I wanna like really dive in with the Chalamet sports experience. The flip side is that like there are photos of him like autograph hounding Amari Meyer.


Like I think he might, let's talk about It. Okay, let's find out this side of you. The sports side. It's not coming out in the Theo V Podcast. What do you think what you would do to him? Would you just put him on guess the lines like blind? Would You, I wanna go full like 80 minutes. Let's talk, let's have the deep dive mixed combo that you've never really had on a podcast. Travis Hunter, how does he translate to the NF NFL nfl? Yeah, Let's talk real college hoops. Do you gamble? Where do you gamble? What sites do you use? Are you, are you a friend of FanDuel? Do you, do you, how'd you do last week on NFL picks? Like how deep does this go? Do you play fantasy football? What if he's not coming on your pod? 'cause he has lost most of the money he's made following million dollar picks. No, I'm doing well this year.


I just had a bad last week. 'cause he, your team, the Eagles. Yeah. Come on let's really see it once and all. Do you have takes on the Super Bowl? Yeah. Lion's Defense is banged up. What do you think? Shaima? Let's go. What? Why is NBA college Football playoffs B ratings. What are your picks? Ratings down NBA ratings down. Why? Yeah. What are your reasons LeBron and Curry and Durant State. Too long. What, what's your take? There Are threes. Are we getting too much of an homogenous product with threes? Yeah. This is what the people want. Shala man. Yeah. Come on the pie. We don't want you talking about how you've just been building your whole acting career towards playing Bob Dylan. Yeah. We wanna know whether or not you think Jalen Hurtz can win a Super Bowl. And I wanna pitch him, which I've done in the past that did with Michael B. Jordan to much success.


A couple roles that I think he should play now if he wins the best actor. What's next Heist movie. Really well done. Romcom. And then what would be the third one mean? Just stuff for us. So I had pitched Highest movie. Is he what is he Bad Sports? A sports movie. Sports movie Coach Greenwald. I pitched him Timothy Chalamet as a, a iconoclastic offensive coordinator. Like the Ben Johnson story. Oh. Like a guy who's coming up through Texas high school Football. Isn't McDaniel more fun? Yeah. He just kind of unravel because he was his quarterback. He run somebody slants. We, if we find out like that Mike McDaniel got involved in like some crazy Scarface coke thing in Miami.


Mike McDaniel crossed with Pain and Gain Yes. Starring Chalamet as the offensive coordinator to the Dolphins who's falling behind with Gamblers. Yeah. It's like we love these, these pa these plays you're calling but our wide receivers keep getting killed out There. Right. Another one's down. So sports movie. Heist movie. Yeah. Does he need to be in a There's something wrong with the House movie. Oh, like a horror? Yeah. I think that this movie, when you see him in Dylan, he's got a little hair on his chest. And I think he needs to be back in the mix for heat. Two conversations. That's, I don know what part, but I'm just saying he could be in the conversations and then I think, I think you're right. A, a horror movie would be incredible. Or Like if we're, I'm having fun with this, but if we're, if he's gonna do the Leo playbook, just check mark.


Best director one after the other. You work with all the greats. That's what Leo did All times. Is there anything from like Has he done Fincher yet? He hasn't. He hasn't done Fincher yet. No, it's Villa Nov. It's, it's James Manel for complete Unknown. Yeah. I don't know. I mean Timothy. Timothy Chalamet, the New Jersey drone story. Oh, that would be great. I was like a guy, just a guy in Jersey Chalamet. Just the trailers just up. And It could be like Spielberg, like close encounters or World of the World. Yeah, that sounds great. Yeah. Close encounters of the drone kind. If he wants to Cash in though. You've you've come up with some spy franchise. Oh, like a born kind of thing? Yeah. You come up with your own or Mission Impossible. You come up with your own, I mean, version of that.


Hank says Tom, but maybe you Mix it with sports. Oh, Maybe He's a sports spy. Maybe he's like, He's like Connor Stallions, He's rich. Paul crossed with a spy. It's like Clutch is a front for all the espionage work he's Doing now. It's just like the young Scott Boris story. That's true. Yeah. Maybe he plays Scott Boris. Yeah. That could be a sports movie. Sure. That would be a great transformation. It'd be like when Leo played J Edgar. Well, out of all these ideas, the best idea is Mike McDaniel cross painting game because we get Miami. Yeah, there's drugs. You could, you could, you could embed him in the Miami football scene.


You could be, you could make it be like, it could be like Teddy Bridgewaters hanging out and stuff like that. It would be awesome. Well, whatever the case, Shay, come on the podcast. Let's, let's do this once and for all. Let's talk about future roles. Let's talk sports can Run sports. You can run, but you can't Hide. Tim, let's talk Amar Meyer. Yeah, let's talk Carmelo. Does he have thoughts on the Carmelo Marrow pod? Like I wanna know all this stuff. Just come on the Pod. Come open a six pack with Bill. Come on. You're gonna win. Best actor come on the pod. All right. We're taping this after the sixth episode of Landman Ran. So there's SPOILERS in this. Yeah. Sierra is making my all time TV rankings All time.


Like anything ever broadcast on television. Yeah. Or Streaming. I think Land Man's like third. This is the greatest show Yeah. Of this decade. I can't believe how much I love it. It's the first show in a while that when we're getting toward, there's five minutes left, seven minutes left. Yeah. I'm like, oh man, there's only seven minutes left. You can't Leave Cooper like That. Please. No, you got, I can't wait a week. This sixth episode was the best episode of the season. It was incredible. It's everything we want from a dump TV show like this. I Don't know how good it is, but I know that I haven't had any more fun talking about a TV show this year. Like literally like every conversation I have about Landman seems to go 20 minutes and it's just like we're hysterically laughing but also deeply, deeply involved in the plot.


This is Taylor Sheridan's. Like I didn't know that he was ever gonna have like a home run again after Yellowstone. I thought he would have like shows much Less a grand slam that niche. People like, you know, like people love lioness, people like didn't Mayor Kingstown. Yeah. Tulsa King, whatever the Yellowstone spinoffs. This feels like it could be the biggest show he made. Like I don't Billy Bob's? No, no Kevin Costner in terms of like the matinee idol department. But in terms of like the amount of people watching it and the amount of times where you're just like, there's something in here for everyone. Like you can be into this because it's like Friday Night Lights, you can be into this because it's like Sicario. You can be into this because it's like Dallas. I don't know man, I I, I love this show. Think of the three things you just mentioned and it's like a hybrid above those things.


Yeah. One of the things, 'cause we were talking to fantasy about it and he'd only watched the first three and he's in like movies run now. Yeah. And I feel like he hasn't paid a hundred percent attention because if he did, because if he did, he would, he would understand. Yeah. But I do feel like the second three episodes the show really fell into place. It was almost like shared and needed to get a feel for the actors that he had and, and once he realized like, I just gotta let Billy Bob and Ali Larder cook in every scene possible. Well this is the most I've liked Billy Bob literally in 20 plus years, the First two episodes, ally Larder mostly just appears on FaceTime. Right. Which was, which is like, she hadn't finished her previous job yet. Yeah. And they're like, well, can you FaceTime in?


It would be like Basically being like, we're gonna have s goon just like only, only only check in from the locker room. Yeah. He's not gonna play at all. Yeah. It's an incredible performance by her. But you're right, like after the first two episodes, I think the show teaches you how to watch it, which is essentially like there are gonna be three or four scenes where Billy Bob absolutely monologues and cooks and the only time that doesn't happen is when Ham calls him to yell at him. Right. And then there's all this domestic drama between Billy Bob's character Tommy and her character, his his ex-wife now current wife. And it's just amazing. The funny thing is, if you notice that like no one's giving Taylor Sheridan notes. This is Andy's big thing. Greenwell's big thing.


There are scenes where you're like, how much longer is this scene gonna go? Like the dinner scene from Yeah. Episode four I think where she makes the wild boar bolognese. Yeah. And then he is like, are you on your period? And like there's just, and you're like, how fucking long is this happening for? And it feels like you're just like in some sort of experimental drama. Well, All right, so let's unwind this. So Billy Bob, this is basically the same theme as as what he struck away with with Costa and Yellowstone. Yeah. A really good, likable, charismatic actor who hadn't been really great in a role in a while and then shared and just unlocks it. He just Wrote, wrote it for him. It's in his voice. This Is all of the things I love about Billy Bob Thornton. And even like, there's a little of the Friday night lights coach in here, a Little bit of the NASA guy from Armageddon, right?


Yeah. Just, and this guy's been around forever and when he is in the right role, he's perfect. But in this, he is like super perfect. Then Ally Larder, who I think all of us who had the varsity blues run, then she had the heroes run Hero. Yeah. And I think everybody likes her, but I hadn't seen her in anything. And this is, I was saying to you earlier, like there's that story about Starship Troopers. Yeah. That Casper Van Diem. He thought that he thought he was in a, a serious drama. Yeah. Like a Spielberg movie. And everybody else knew what it was actually was. There's a ING movie. Yeah. And I don't know what Ali Larder thinks the show is, but whatever she's doing, I love it. But the show seems to be bending towards her now. Like in the beginning I was like, this is insane. Like she's an key on, it's an unhh hinged performance on fa FaceTime crying every scene.


And now it seems like she's an integral part of the drama. And it is like in every scene, even when guys are getting absolutely murdered by Falling Pipes. Right. She's Dion waiter multiplied by 700, and her and Billy Bob are great together. What's weird is that to Demi Moore is in this show. Yeah. And if you would watch the trailer, or if it was just the call sheet, you'd be like, yeah, Demi Moore is gonna have a much bigger part in the show than Ally Larder. Ally Larter's part is a hundred times bigger than Yeah. Demi Moore has had eight lines and they filmed her from like 30 yards away in every scene. Yeah. And I don't know why she's in the show other than, than maybe they needed the extra name. But so those two, and then the, the actor who plays Billy Bob's son in this. Oh, Jacob Loughlin. Yeah.


So he was in this movie. This is really good. Yeah. He was in a movie a while back, this Jeff Nichols movie called Mud. That's really, really good. When he was a kid actor and I haven't really seen him recently. And he's awesome. Yeah. Like he is kind of like the Matt Sarason character. Like the That's a good, that's A good comparison. Kind of like son who wants to be an oil man but doesn't wanna do it on his dad's back. And he's just really soulful. Really good. It could be really bad. This show would not work if he wasn't doing a good job. And he's, He's wiry and I don't know how tall he is, but yet still believable when he stands up for himself. And I was attached to him within two episodes. Right. He starts hanging out the way, first of all, we did mention Michael Pena. Yeah. Who's in the credits in the first episode.


Yes. And my shit detector's going off the whole time. Well He a real, this is weird. Well, he does a real live forever McBain speech in the middle of that First episode. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. But they basically did the same thing they did with Kyle Chandler and on Kingstone. Yeah. Where they, he was just, and Dave on Yellowstone. Yeah. So he dies and then that's sets off like his widow all of a sudden. And then, and you just know it's like, oh man, this is gonna go up. Oh, his, his friends, the dead guy's friends didn't like, they don't like where they, and you just kind of know. Yeah. But I still love it. The one of the best parts about this show, which is so refreshing, is that it's not a overall mystery or overall plot that you have to keep track of all these different moving pieces. That's a great point.


You're just like, there's a problem every week. It's Like dead body in the oil. Well, yeah. That we gotta figure out. We gotta we got another Clue. Yeah. We, it's, it's, it's just every week it's like West Wing or like Grey's Anatomy or like any big really successful drama. They just give you a problem that Billy Bob has to solve by the end of the episode. Yeah. Or not, you know, or he is like, we're fucked and John Ham's gonna get mad at me. And I feel like he has complete handle on who his character is. What, what like his baggage is as a human being who he has to answer to that he can get mean. That's why episode six was so big. Yeah. Because it was like, I know there this, there's a dark side with this guy and we haven't really seen it a hundred percent in the show. And then in episode six Yeah. You see it and the whole show's leading up to him confronting these guys who beat up his son and the moment he locks in, you're just like the, the, honestly, it's like watching like a Michael Mann movie or something.


It's Awesome. It Was so good. One other thing I wanted to mention is that I think I've realized that I'm a secret, huge fan of shows where people have to travel a huge distance to have a very simple conversation. This was a big thing for Ozark where it was like, I need to see you. And they'd have to drive all the way around the lake to the resort or all the Way back in car scenes. This Scene, this show is basically like, they need to have a conversation. You have to get on a private plane Yeah. And fly from the Perian Basin to Dallas Yeah. To get yelled at for five minutes. Right. And I was just like, if we had that at The Ringer, if The Ringer was based in West Texas and you were like, I'm gonna need to talk to you. Yeah. And I'm like, I gotta Go. How fast can you get from Yeah. I Fort Worth to Houston. The private plane leaves Permian.


I fly to Dallas and you're like, I didn't much care for that Celtic stick yesterday. Let's talk about it. And then like, we sit about Tatum. Well I know you're emotional, but don't ever yell at me. I'm your boss. This show checks so many boxes that just work for a TV show. Like, what is this world? Yeah. This weird oil world. Yeah. I don't really know this. Oh, now you're bringing me into it. Now I kind of feel like, what's it like for the crews that work, you know, on these oil rigs or like, they're like, oh, this is like this whole little community with these little mini houses. Then it's like the ham part. What's it like if you own this thing? Yeah. Who's, who do you deal with? The ham. The ham part's interesting. Because I don't feel like that's fully baked yet.


And I'm not sure how much time Ham had to film the show. Yeah. But I think that he does a really good job explaining things for people who might be looking at this more from the business perspective. Like the two speeches he's given. Well, the one You're talking about Ham. Yeah. Ham. Yeah. The one where he's like, this business is like constant crisis. Yeah. Punctuated by extraordinary success. I'm like, that sounds like an incredible idea. Yeah. For a show. And two, like when he's just like, I'm the bad guy. Like everybody hates, I've accepted the fact that the oil industry is the villain. Yeah. So all my job is to do is keep oil between this number and this number. Well, and then the lawyer Oh yeah. Who was getting a little flirty with Billy Bob. And then Allie Larders character squashed it.


But she's just a, an assassin. Yeah. And so in episode six she goes to see the widow and they're like, here's the check. And then they're doing a little back and forth and the widow smartly asked, well wait a second, what do you guys get outta this? Right. And she's like, just lays it out as cold as possible that there's five. Or then the daughter is the other one. There's five or six really good characters. Yeah. That I wanna know more about that I'm willing to go on a couple journeys with. But the most important thing to me, this is the best show John Ham's ever done. You know, people say Mad man don't, It's gonna get aggregated. No, no. Yeah.


That's going on Hoop site. People say madman, I say Watch Landman for a couple episodes. Yeah. No, I'm, I'm psyched for him that, that I, I can't even tell. Like maybe he only had like five shooting days in a month. I, I, Billy Bob seems to be the only one who was fully committed to this episode. And Billy Bob's got memorized like five pages of, of a monologue. Great. It's it's an incredible feat. Athletically. I do agree. Ham seems to be always getting off a plane, getting off on his mobile phone and then hanging it up and That's it. Yeah. They're like, John, can you film from two to five? Yeah. We just need to get off a plane. Saw you yelling at somebody. I saw Ham was on Eisen and he was asking about how it was to shoot this. And he was like, great. Yeah. I put on a suit, I got off a plane, I talk And It did, it did me more.


It was like, I loved it. Yeah. Two day shoot. I think that this show did, does really remind me that it's okay for TV to be a lot of fun. Like we have had a nice long stretch of prestige television that's very serious. Very like, this is about important issues. There are important issues in layman, but you can take them as seriously as you want. There is like at least three things in this each episode where you're like, what did I just watch? Well, and the thing with Sheridan and he figured out, he laid the groundwork for her with the first couple years of Yellowstone. He's made a bunch of shows, obviously. Yeah. But to me, this is his apex. This is just like, he's taken all the lessons. He is done on all these different shows and he is like, how can I make the most entertaining show possible? Yeah. About the oil world in Texas with, and just let some actors cook.


But the father son story is like definitely really affecting, like, I really, really like It. Oh yeah, yeah, yeah. And the ex-wife stuff, you know, that's not gonna last how that's gonna go bad. But that might, there's so many good touches. Like she goes back to get divorced right in episode six. Yeah. You gonna say the line? Go ahead. There's a, there's been a couple of lines that are like, Oh yeah, they'll eyebrows like pushing almost an nar. Yeah. Yeah. She, what does she, so she says, I may have to suck Victor's dick to get her My dead. And he's, and he is like, well, bring your toothbrush. Yes. And she goes, there's a whole party in the back. But they, the other thing is I like the houses. Like it's just these weird Them McMansions. It's weird, crazy mansions you would never see in any other walk of life.


They've done a good job with that for Sheridan though. I just feel like he's figured it out once and for all. It's, I, I think this is gonna be the biggest show he is ever had. And I know Yellowstone was the biggest show the last 10 years. I, I, I honestly wouldn't be surprised. I wouldn't be surprised. I mean, I think that Yellowstone was like a phenomenon where there wasn't really anything like that. There was no Western on TV at that moment. I don't think this is a little bit more familiar to people, but I think as it keeps going, they're probably only gonna be, it's so popular. I wouldn't be surprised if some like Huge Star does a guest star next year That's, I was gonna bring that up. Andy Garcia is supposed to be on this season, you know, like it's gonna be getting bigger and bigger. That's the next iteration of this is some big ass stars coming in.


'cause that's some somewhat what happened with Yellowstone, but I think Yellowstone was a big show that we're all like, wait, is that a big show? And we kind of, people were kind of steal watching it. No, people are actually watching Yellowstone. Yeah. Right. Yeah. And then Covid, it felt like everybody caught up and then all of a sudden that became the biggest TV show. But you know, it definitely went a little sideways once the Costner thing got weird. You Know what's crazy about this show too is how fast they made a couple of the sets become like instantly recognizable and kind of iconic. Right. Like the cafe that they all hang out at. Yeah. The bar where it's like everyone's drinking all day long. Yeah. Because they have like crazy shifts. And then like you said, the McMansion and the country club, you're kind of like, I already know this world. Like this is, it usually takes a, a show like years to be like, oh, and you know this place and you know that place.


And it's like, no. They instantly kind of hit all of that stuff. Yeah. So this is like, there's the prestige TV stuff that we talk about that we have the podcast named after it. And there's a certain like just elite scripted Yeah. White lotus kind of thing. And then there's like the Yellowstone side of stuff. There's this middle ground between those two worlds. That's the hardest thing to like straddle both lines. And I feel like this is one of the only shows that has done that. Yeah. You know, where it's like this, this show is like not far away from being like a real prestige show, but it doesn't wanna be Yeah. It wants to be music And it also wants to be fun. Fun And It And goofy music. Yeah. So where does it go? Where does it go? Where from here? Yeah. The rest of the season. I think that they'll probably keep playing out like the adversarial relationship between Monty and and Tommy.


But I think that the cool thing about this series is that it'll probably like Yellowstone, where there's like a big bat every season. And so there will be like a big plot for each season, but all the parts will stay the same. One Of the big lessons I've learned that if my son ever watches this is maybe don't get involved with the widow as a kid. Just, just just point blank What other, what other lessons? Who, who has the kid could Ben take? Who has the friends that are threatening you with guns? The moment you like spend, you just raking instantly Goes in motor lawn, You're raking your front yard. There's multiple, maybe like fine, there's lots of fish in the sea, buddy. Yeah, no, I like, I think all the actors in this are really good too. That's the other thing. Yeah. Like she's good. The, the actress who plays the widow all cross the Paul Cha.


Yeah. And they The daughter is I just going for it? Well, she's The sister of a woman who is on the Bachelorette. Oh, is that true? And yes is 28. I mean she's 28 years old. She's playing like an 18-year-old. I I It is, it is an extraordinary bit that she's just like, I'm nude right in this house while like the lawyer guy is like, yeah, just wearing A farm. I can't look at you. Yeah, yeah, yeah. So who, what's the competition all time for a show like this All time. I'm saying like that, that middle ground between Prestige and like just going for it. I'm trying to think of other shows that were like this. 'cause like White Lotus was way more on the prestige side, you know, was goofy having a pun.


Yeah, Yeah. Sessions way more prestige. Yeah, yeah, yeah. It's just this is the hardest, hardest one to thread. I think it's more, it would be something that like David E. Kelly did, it would be like big Little Lies maybe That's good. Like that kind of like this is very pop. It's got big people in it. People will just like looking at the furniture. But the Show's literally for everybody I know there's not one person in my life who wouldn't like Landman and if they didn't like Landman, I don't, I'd have to reevaluate my relationship with Them. Or you would at least be like, you would like a part of this. Yeah, you'll like the oil stuff, you'll like the, the Cooper stuff. You'll like the love affair between Ali Larder and be Billy Bob Thornton. There's something in here that you'll like. I couldn't get my dad to watch it and 'cause he's like, ah, Yellowstone, I got sports.


I got a lot to, I'm like, dad, if you don't fucking watch Landman, I'm gonna like fly to Boston and I'm gonna just tie you up in front of the sofa and make you watch episode. And so he checked It out. So he started watching. Of course he's on my Paramount 'cause he doesn't know how to, how to pay for any streamer. And so he's like, yeah, I watched the first two, it's good. And then he watched the third one. He is like third one was good. And then the fourth one is like texting me. Did you see Landman? So I went to watch the one last night after I did my pod on Sunday night. It had already been watched. I had to like start it over that my dad was just like, right, that's the best. Yeah. So I was like, oh he is all in. My mom's like that with Lioness. She was like, have you heard about this lioness show? And I'm like, yeah, I have.


Right? And then all of a sudden it was like going, all my episodes were done. So Do you think Taylor Sheridan took like the limitless pill? There's no other explanation how he said Produce at least 40 hours of television. This I don't Understand. I don't understand How he does it. I don't get it. Nobody Is there. Other people. Does he have like five people under him? Is I Don know. But this scandal, this like, we haven't seen a run like this since Sorkin where Sorkin wrote every episode of West Wing. Can you imagine? And this show, honestly, it kind of reminds me of West Wing a little bit. It's a lot of people like walking and talking and solving problems, entertainment ways. That's a good comparison. Yeah. And West Wing was closer to the prestige side too, but it was just a really well done welled Fun show. But there would be three good plots per episode of West Wing.


Yeah. There would be like an overarching thing where it's like the president's sick or whatever. But like for the most part it would be like Josh is gonna solve something, Sam's gonna do something and like CJ's gonna do something. And then you get a big speech from the president and Just picture Sheridan in the writer's room and he is like, man, there Is no writer's room. The show is There. Yeah. By himself with the dog. And he is just like, man, I haven't, I haven't had anyone to blow up or had some terrible thing happen in an episode and a half. Yeah. I'm just gonna have this guy step on a bunch of pipes and then fall under and get crushed by that. I'll Tell you what is unprecedented is unprecedented. For someone to have the biggest show on TV end while possibly one of the biggest shows on TVs is beginning and you're responsible for both of them. I can't think of another time that's happened.


Unbelievable. It's too bad That you were writing both of them. It'd be funny if we had like the first take type of infrastructure for TV showrunners And it was just like it Sheridan the goat that's coming up next. I thought you were gonna be like first take, but for like actual Landman. Oh, That'd be amazing. Should Cooper have kept it in his pants coming up? That would be great. Yeah. Just an entire first take about the different wind Power. Does it use more energy than we think? What's Ally Lars character's name? Oh, I can't even remember. I just refer to her as Sally Lar. She just need a name. I think her name is Ally Larder on the Show. Angela. Angela. Angela. Yeah. Yeah, because Ally Larter's Instagram. She's like, Angela's back episode four.


What a win for her. I'm so happy for her. I'm happy for Billy's Bob. Great. I'm happy for everyone on the show. I'm happy for us. Yeah. So it's 10 episodes. I think so. Yeah. The Odds of Mallory loving the show are a hundred percent She loves, she text me on Saturday saying six hours to lay a Man. I'm like, Lamar Jackson's on. I think this is the most ringy show that's come out since probably White Lotus. So when? When was that? 2021? Yeah. Yeah. This is a beloved piece of art. Watch Landman. It's really good. All right, that's it for the podcast. Thanks to Chris Manix. Thanks to Chris Ryan. Thanks to Kyle Creon and Steve Saru. As always, thanks to Jack Sanders for helping out last night with Craig Beck as we tape some stuff with CR and I'll be back on Thursday with another podcast.


See there must be 21 plus in President Select states for Kansas and affiliation with Kansas Star Casino, or 18 plus in President dc. Gambling problem. Call 100 gambler. Visit rg-help.com. Call 1 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org/chat in Connecticut.


Or visit md gambling help.org in Maryland. Hope is here. Visit gambling helpline ma.org or call 8 3 2 7 50 50 for twenty four seven Support Massachusetts. Or call 1 8 7 7 8 Hope and y or Text Hope and Y in New York.