
Coming up week six NFL in the books. Guess the line Parent corner a whole lot more. all next.


It's the Bill Simmons Podcast presented by FanDuel Football is in full action. FanDuel's highest rated sports book is the best place to bet It all. We've been doing pretty well on million dollar picks this year. I love the first month of the season because you have to go into the season thinking I. Think Pittsburgh's gonna be good. I think the Chargers are gonna be good. I think Seattle's gonna be good. And then trying to back What you think in those first few weeks. And then zag the other way. if you were wrong, you, you bid on new and fun markets on FanDuel like to catch a pass. Same game Parlays highest scoring game across the Sunday Slate offensive tds. The Next Drive. They have so much stuff, it's crazy. The app is safe and scary and easy to use. And when You win, you'll get paid instantly. Plus look out for FanDuel Squares this season. Here's What. You have to do Visit FanDuel dot com slash bs to download America's number one book. The Ringer is committed to responsible gaming. Please Visit rg help.com to learn more, debut the resources and helplines available and listen to the end of the episode for additional details. You must be 21 plus and President in select states gambling problem called win hundred gambler or Visit rg help.com.


This episode is brought to you by Michelob ULTRA from Tipoff to hoisting the trophy. Celebrate every moment of the WNBA finals with a Michelob ULTRA in hand. The WNBA is so hot. We just launched a Ringer WNBA show podcast can That's Happily yes know What goes Well with it. Make low B ULTRA the taste super smooth, low calories and carbs. Why not save on calories if you're drinking a good beer? re like to keep It nice and cold. It's just really good. And you got the WNBA finals like all kinds of crazy matchups might add the two best teams in the league playing in round two. It's gonna be amazing. We'll see how far Caton Clark and goes. You're not gonna wanna miss a moment. Stock up on Michelob ULTRA for the WNBA Finals Michelob ULTRA Superior Light Beer. Enjoy responsibly copyright 2024 Anheuser-Busch Michelob ULTRA Registered Light Beer St. Louis, Missouri.


We're Also brought to You by the Ringer Podcast. Network. I Have new re watchable coming for you on Monday. It's the Silence of the Lambs podcast We did for our live show in New York City. Last Monday. We're at the music box. It was awesome. It was a really, really, really fun show. And that We have some good wrinkles and some, some good material on That one. It's a really good podcast. So that's gonna be on Monday. you can Also watch it on the Ringer Movies YouTube channel as well. you can watch all the videos and clips from this podcast on the Bill Simmons channel and Coming up, Cousin, Sal and I are gonna talk debut all the NFL stuff that happen today. Today, a day that started at six 30 Pacific Time and just kept going with football for 14 hours.


Although that was less than last week. The longest day in NFL But. We're gonna talk debut that we're gonna talk a little little baseball playoffs. New York's great Sports Week, little WNBA. We got a really juicy parent corner for you. It's s all next first. Our Pearl Jam. We're live Sunday night with a very depressed Cousin Sal.


We're taping this. It's eight 18. So much promise for today. Big Cowboys game against the Lions first Mets game in the NLCS. And now as we head toward midnight on the East Coast, I've seen that look before Sal, I've seen that look on your face. If, If if a tear comes down it's 'cause the ring light is just blinding I. Have it on a weird setting. But. Don't, don't for a second think that I'm, I'm crying or bawling. I I. Should we cue up Blood diamond? Should I, should I get The music can. That'll, that'll do. It can, I'll put me, You talk and I'll find Blood Diamond the theme song. Go ahead. I'll be biting the sheets. 55 to nine is That A beat is That as bad enough beating that.


That was a combined score between the Cowboys and Mets games today. The Dodgers scored as many as the Cowboys. But I don't know man. I. You know, I was thinking before I jumped on the Zoom. How many years are We gonna do this? like, are we gonna be like 85 and 86 years old and just like, aha. Your team sucked tonight. All of them Pathetic I. you see It? I'm playing the Blood Diamond theme song. I didn't really I don't remember this as the theme song. yes. It's Very sad. can, it's all very sad. The tears Are rolling down SA face. Jesus. So, all right. This was a Hall of Fame. New York sports stretch. We had the Mets and the Yankees are both in the championship series, which that has, has that happen less than five times?


Four times 2000. yes. can Was there another time that happen? Second time, whatever. Giants Home game, Sunday night, Jet's home game Monday night, including a hole. They fired their coach. I I was in New York City last week. It was all anyone was talking debut. We had the New York Liberty in the finals. They won today. And then we had just randomly a a Knick's Wolves preseason game that they both played their starters for a bunch of the game. There was Dante de Vincenzo tension. He's yelling at the Knicks bench. He's yelling at Rick Brunson after the game. What a time for New York Sports I. Our guy jj. yes. Who is still reeling from the fact That. He picked the game correctly tonight.


He's gotta be, he's got a New York sports pod. There's too many topics. I don't even know What You lead with. He is gonna do 20 hours. can the Rangers and and Islanders play as well? It's, it's a New. York Bonanza. But. I I. Don't know What to be more depressed. debut The Mets or the, or The Cowboys here. I. Guess the Cowboys. cause There. Did you think the Mets are gonna win tonight and I mean usually? You know, game one, it's a feel there. yes. Who knows. s yes. No. It's you don't wanna win nine. Nothing. And now the Dodgers, the one thing debut the Dodgers, why I wanted hit play them stupid instead of the Padres is Oh, We can get to their pitching, we can get to their Middle relief and now they've got, they pitched three Shutouts in a row can. So not, not promising at all. But 55 to nine Well.


The good thing debut baseball is this is actually a seven game series. Right? Right. Unlike these five gamers where you feel like You lose the first game and you re like climbing up a mountain after That. Wait, Cowboys Lions is in seven games. We don't have to, we don't have to see Campbell shit all over us again and again and again. We're gonna get to your team later. I wanted hit. Go through some of the highlights from today. I have highlights. I have a highlight section. I have a lowlight section. Okay, so the highlights, the favorites are back. can we finally had an NFL week. That made sense. The favorites went 10 and three. Six double digit wins. And every old school tees and parlay covered today We won. In other words, we won money. Which makes it that much more depressing.


yes. The square public bets win. yes. S unless You had the Giants plus three and a half late That. Right? But. But can. So the week made a little more sense is my point. It's good, it's good. re like That. I mean It. It had to happen eventually, right? That where the good teams win. It was, It was coming to a point where You were afraid to take an eliminator. Everyone was out in their eliminator pools. s yes. I think they were like now That We eliminated everybody from those dumb pools. We you have some of the favorites. When the Eagles tried to lose, they did against the Browns. The Washington hung in there with the Ravens. I was actually more impressed with them than I was. I mean? We'll talk debut all these games I'm sure But. yes. Still the favorites came through. Yes. The Eagles had a team meeting and before the game and they were like, look, the Browns offense can't score if we're gonna blow everybody's tees today, we've gotta come up with some stuff on our own.


like the special teams was like What, if We get a kick blocked and give up a touchdown, like good idea. Let's do That. you we get a fumble touchdown for them or an inter. Now they couldn't. So anyway, 2016 the Browns offense was abominable. But. It felt was, it was kind of a boring day. But It felt like an old school football game. The fantasy scores were laid down. So We had that Next highlight the NFC North. Hmm. Holy shit. Remember we did We did our futures before the year and one of the futures We really liked was an exact order bet on FanDuel, which was six to one and It was Detroit. Yes. Green Bay, Chicago, Minnesota. Exact order and It was plus 600.


We're not out of that. By the way, What We weren't expecting can was that this would be, first of all, they have the top four point differential teams in the entire NFL Pikes plus 63 lines. Plus 60 Bears, plus 47 Packers plus 41. So we got that. They're the first division with four four win teams after six weeks since we had the new division starting in 2002. And they have 17 wins already. Total. So this, this division's a beast. if you had to bump one team to not make the playoffs, who would it be? Well it's funny. You said That debut our bet and as me You and Hench We have That bet the top to bottom first before House jumped on that too. I think oh too.


Oh house. yes, yes, yes, yes, yes. House Sorry. yes. The four of us, four of us, the Vikings who we had for last are a game and a half outta last. Right? Like they, you go on a little run here and they played Detroit and You know I. Don't think we all think they're as good as five and oh or Maybe, even four, one, But, I, I I still have hope for That. That I I I watched the Bear I don't know I had the jaguars. Again, I'm an idiot, I'm a glutton. I'm an early morning glutton too with these Jaguars. So What was the thought process. London, some of the offensive stats like What, What else. How did you talk yourself into that one? Oh I don't use thought process anymore. Okay, my bad. can No No, why would I use any thought process? yes, That was It.


They own London. They have to go out there. Maybe, I'm giving Peterson and and Lawrence more credit. you I don't know why we should give Lawrence any credit anymore. Can't. It's just so hard for him can to move up and down the field. Even when they were up three, nothing I was like aha. I picked one. Right? And it's not even 7:00 AM out in the west coast and just a, just a blizzard of offense for for Chicago. Really Gross can House came in to Visit, he's in LA now and he came last night, he was doing your show this morning and we were talking last night debut the picks and that game and he was, he was really bullish on the Jags. One of the reasons was rookie quarterbacks in London I think are oh five.


There's some stat can oh five against spread something. And He was the first rookie quarterback to win. yes. Well there there's that But. How many of them were going against like a completely dysfunctional team that afterwards the, the coach is like We have No culture. So I dunno, sometimes with these stats you there, there might have to be more context. like this Jags team, they rolled over the last hour of that game. like they were like, get us the fuck outta here. Oh wait, we have to play here again. Next week. Oh my God, you, you just see like the life sinking from their body. Do You think the cul the culture thing is so confusing. It's like What. you can gonna take the, you can gonna take the team to the museum in London somewhere in there in LA like What in Liverpool. Whatcha you gonna do? like I, don't I I I think you I think you send that guy back.


I mean my guy might have to go back too. But, do You think like the business class ticket is figured into whether or not the owner should fire Peterson. It's like, oh shit, if I keep him, he, you just fly back with the team. Otherwise I have to send a business class to the whoever's not on the team, fly him in and You know that's, you know, that's 18 Grand I. Don't think I don't think It Fair Coaches union like you, you send him back like Coach Middle seat, right? Be like side Can coach Middle seat Bro. 33 B Enjoy. Is that his nickname? Coach Middle seat re like that. I was I love. I was gonna do this for the lowlights. But We better as Well do It now.


So Peterson had amazing quotes after the game. They said, I'm just gonna read it because this is the verbatim quote. We gotta keep showing our players. We gotta keep coaching. We're not, listen, there's another game coming whether we like it or not, there's still What. Have We played six games, We play a 17 game schedule. So we got a few more games left. So nobody's gonna feel Sorry for us. Nobody's gonna say, okay But, we've gotta change I mean I say we, it's all of us. Coaches, players, everybody. We've gotta change right now that culture. Otherwise it just gets outta control. We're on a slippery slope or right on the cusp of That slope.


But at some point we've gotta We just We just enough is enough and you gotta have enough pride and figure out a way this would all be better if he wasn't the head coach, Right? If he was anyone else, if he was a beat writer for Jacksonville, It would be good. can Or was like the special teams coach. They said yes. I was thinking like when you're the head coach it's like You like, like your family, a bunch of stuff happens and You have like a family meeting and we're re like You gotta We have to change the culture right now. And they're re like you're the dad like you, you pay for everything You own the house. You know I'm gonna do That and see You What What kind of reaction. I get I. Wanna see But I do do that. Just start talking debut culture and see What the kids say I love the idea of hey Travis Gabe, coach Middle seat would like to see You bring your playbook.


He's gonna, he's gonna draw, he's gonna draw the slippery slope. He is talking debut I know it's confusing But, he's gonna diagram it. Coach Middle seed's got Barbie's gonna be so jealous. Lobar is the king of coach nicknames. Coach middles seed's better than It's so perfect. Coach middles seed's. Great Doug 33 B. It's a one way ticket. Please don't come back. I think they, they the other choice is You. Play the second game and just leave Doug there and there's No seat for him home. He's just gotta find, find his way interest. yes he you do that, do That too. Find your way home. Wait back to the back to the FC North like so We, you have four playoff teams from this division. I know We always say that's impossible.


But, we've seen It before where a division gets to 40, 41 games. The complicating factor would be the Lions. 'cause usually when that happens the teams are all between like nine and 11 wins. Something like that. But, the lions look like they might be a, even with the Hutchinson in injury today, they might be a 13 or 14 win team. So can I think instincts? s yes. So neither Team you couldn't get swept against any of the teams, right? You have to kind of go one-on one against everybody. yes you Have to split, right? Yes. And then you'd have to I mean the NFC is probably the place to do it. 'cause I think That seventh spot is a nine win team. So yes there's a chance it's Bears. You're so sad. This is like the I hate. Sad, sad. I was laughing. debut Middle seat.


Now I've gone Middle back. Middle seat can Middle seat. Now you're back in a fun Again. can back down Can. So here's the case with Chicago not to make the playoffs 'cause they're four and two right now. They won That stupid game against Tennessee in week one. They lost to Houston lost. Nd they barely beat that like beaten up shell of a Rams team, right? 24 18 they held on to the end, right? They killed Carolina and they killed Jacksonville in the eight. Now they have a buy. So they're at Washington at Arizona home. Pats, that's probably five and three. But it, it It you. Also be I'm Sorry six and three or five and four. Somewhere in there.


But with their schedule gets really hard starting week 11. They have Green Bay, Minnesota at Detroit, at San Fran at Mini home, Detroit home Seattle at Green Bay. That's eight straight weeks of hard games. Can and I think I think they're the week link because those last three weeks Caleb's looked I. We all have to agree he is looked good. But Rams defense, Carolina Defense, Jags defense. Probably three of the five worst defenses in the league. Maybe three of the three of the worst four. So I, I don't know my jury is still out now they have Washington in week eight who doesn't have a good defense either. And then Arizona who doesn't have a good defense and the Pats give up 41 points.


So Caleb might really get some momentum here, right? But then it's gonna get hard. It's so funny. I think Arizona and Washington are better than the Bears. But watch the Bears when both and it's too close to the Sunday night game to see this number. But, they're over on the win. Total was eight and a half, right? The bears the beginning of the year. can You think it's the same now or you think it's higher? I Remember seeing that this summer and thinking it was the stupidest thing ever can, right? But. Now We realize like the the schedule for the first half of the season was easy. But We marked down before the year We were like that. That last stretch is pretty tough. So You think they're over under is higher now. Well it can only be nine. It's if it's any higher. yes, if it's any higher But, I think you keep It at eight and a half.


I'm still I, I'm confused on a lot of teams through six weeks. can they're, they're one of the teams. That. I'm confused on like the Giants are another one. like are they good or are they a bottom five teams? Definitely not You. Seven score. Seven points. Their coach is going for It on every fourth down. 'cause You, yes they, it takes them fore plays to get 10 yards. Can They should just forfeit any night game for sure. But. I. Wonder if I I, I Don't know I don't know What. I'm looking at sometimes I was probably looking at the Mets. It's weird that the Packers have the worst point differential of the four because I feel probably second best debut their ceiling. Especially now that Watson's back. yes, all next Next highlight Nick Ani feels like he's back.


And by I mean back getting weird again. Can right? I Felt like he was like sedated the first few weeks. like he's like, ah, I almost got fired. like I gotta really, like he's, you know, he's going home talking to his wife or girlfriend. He's like, I gotta scale it back. You I. Really wanna keep my I. Think I was pushing little too I gotta It a little bit. And now he showed up this week he sh shaved head really tight haircut, not a complete bald shave. But a shave, he's barking at his own fans. He just had a different style. And by the way, they were just as disjointed as ever as ever. But, oh can it feels, it feels like we've hit the breaking bad Siri pointed the season. He's just gonna start acting agro and weird and having weird press conferences and I'm here for it.


I didn't like sedated neutered. Sirianni, No I can, of course You want all these guys to be hotheaded lunatics and that one when they fall flat on their faces, We, you just laugh at 'em. But, that team was not I. Don't know I was you and I we were talking. Is Jalen Hurtz injured? What? He's not the same. None of these guys are the same. They couldn't put, they barely put the Browns away. can if if can Watson was wasn't so crippled looking out there. He is so lumbering. Even when he takes the ball outside. I not. That's really rough. I I don't know. You talk debut coaches like Stefanki and we touched on this last week. He's gotta step up and say, Hey guys, this is not me. This is not me. And it like, if, if Spotify said to You, you're playing, you're gonna put Creed In the background If you can gonna put, you're gonna put Creed in the back of everything in in front of your podcast, you can, right?


And But, you're re like What and you re like No. You're gonna do It and re like It and you and publicly you say Yes, this is my decision. It it It reflects poorly on You, right? like Stefan's gotta say this has nothing to do with me. They're making me start to show Losses. They's been better examples in real life. But, we'll move on. Okay, the, it would be like if instead of doing the basketball overruns with Priscilla and House Next week, we just randomly did NHL Can And I just We should didn't explain it. It was like, can we're gonna do NHL this year. I don't. Sorry Guys And You owned It, yes can No it's You know this is What We care debut. Now I don't know What to make the Eagles either But your division's pretty bad.


It you be nine and eight in your division Taken. That's why I'd like the Giants they lose today. I don't their season's not over. I don't I, don't feel like you can. You got killed today. I. Don't feel like your season's over nobody. See it's over's. Nine, eight gonna take that Division. Only glimpse, I. Ah, like all right Maybe, we're just a team that gets killed at home. Maybe like, Hey, come to Jerry's world and watch us get demolished. It's fun. But, there is a path can for the Cowboys to win nine We still have three NFC South games left And You know we Cincinnati and we have some other You know I. Think we you beat the Giants again and split against those nfcs teams and that gets us to nine, God forbid. 10. So Well You can, you You know you can. You're banged up on defense. There's legitimate reasons. But, you Also got killed. yes you's Also awful.


yes, that's True. And you You, you Also might not be good. yes. The fact that they haven't figured out the stadium piece where there's just blinding sunlight in your, the eyes of your receivers. like Tolbert didn't catch a big pass today because he couldn't see the ball. 'cause the sun was blinding hit. This is a stadium built in the last 15 years. can just didn't account for where the sun was coming around as the sunset in October. Nobody, nobody Thought debut. That Sun's thought debut. debut. Unpredictable. So unpredictable. You never know What side of it. So. It's in the same spot every year in mid-October. And they just, yes, didn't do it. yes, Jerry Tried to move the sun. He couldn't do It doesn't have That much power. Next highlight. yes, You mentioned Cleveland earlier in this Watson thing, which I we talked debut a bunch last week.


A highlight today was they showed a graphic That. They were oh for their last 26 on third down can. And It seemed like a mistake or a typo. But, it wasn't. They've had 20, they It had up to That point 26 straight third down conversions did not convert. It's impossible. You would think like out 26, there's a couple third and one third and twos right. you someone jump, You can gonna Convert one of them. Couldn't You draw someone off signs someone, Right? So, or pass interference like falls, falls over The Line. can that would be like betting roulette 26 times and and being wrong 26 times in a row or something. can and I would figure out A way to convert on you. We probably you do that. Yes. We probably you Do That. But. Anyway, you know concurrently Baker Mayfield had another really fun game.


He had three picks. But like two of them were pretty goofy. I thought he was really good in that game. I went back. So when they decided to go after Watson, they Also had to dump Mayfield, remember? Sure. And they had to send 'em to Carolina. They got some conditional pick back But. They actually paid 10 and half million of Mayfield's steel That year to go play for Carolina and That. It didn't work out in Carolina. And he left, went to the Rams and eventually landed in Tampa. That part of it, if you just stop right there, makes it one of the top five worst deals. I was gonna Say. if you go into compensation and massages and everything else, it's an Asterisk 10.5 million. like not a small amount of money.


Right? like that's You know That, you, you get probably a number two receiver or an edge rusher, You. you get somebody almost as good as Hasad reddick year to year. You, you get, you know, a left guard for 10 and a half million can. Anyway, so they had that. You had all the allegations against Dehaun and the fact That, he's a historically bad quarterback. The and and the fans are so bummed out now. It feels like there's gonna be a revolt in Cleveland. yes. So yes. I don't know why I don't know why anyone's holding on to this. This is really, really bad. Oh, We concluded that the, you know, the front office just wants him to get hurt. Hurt or it's the most stubborn thing ever. yes. It's like when our Cousin gets super stubborn during an argument, we just kind of let him have It.


That's the Watson thing. Oh, can Middle seat Jimmy and Middle seat? yes. Middle a lot. Seat Doug More highlights today. Jake May's first touchdown pass. Great moment. Oh, look at yes. Most excited. I've been in the room with Kyle watching Pat's game. Good. Me at least three years during that Really What That 11 week stretch when Mac Jones seemed like he was gonna be good as a rookie. So that was What three years ago. But, even I don't remember being, 'cause it really seemed like it was going badly. You know, they, they had like their, they're on like their 19th offensive line in five games, six games. And he was sailing past this beginning.


He had a little deer in the headlights and It was like, oh my God, please don't let this be Zach Wilson. like, just don't let this be, you know? And getting to the point where he is hitting somebody on a five yard pass, like, good job, good. You know, we're re like little kids that like a 8-year-old view soccer game. And then near the end of the half, just uncork of fucking beauty can hits, hits this guy in Stride for think it was like a 49 yard touchdown. And it was just, It was, it was great. I was excited. That's you wanted the first one to look right? yes. like the first guy's first home run. You don't wanted hit to hit the glove and go over the fence. You wanted an upper decker that was a great in stride. like You said over the shoulder. It wasn't seven yards over the Middle re like, oh, did he get in? He got it. yes, he got in.


Great, great throw. You should Be excited. He had a lot of, he had a lot of really nice throws, like throws over the Middle. 'cause he's got height too. So he, you hit these guys over the Middle, he hit some good darts to the outside, had some really nice scrambles. It wasn't perfect. like his, the, there's little stuff like I wa I was saying to the people we're watching the game with today. like when, when Brady showed up in 2001, That, one of the things That jumped out immediately was just how polished he was with like, play action and keeping the ball on his side and pretending he had like, just all these little things. It was like, man, this guy's really sharp and May's the opposite. He's still seemed like a little clumsy and awkward with some of this stuff. But. The the arm is there and the legs are there.


like he raced out of town. He raced outta sacks a couple times. Today I would like to learn from you how it is to, you know, to remain giddy after your team loses by 20. Because I can't do It. I mean But You. you can, That's great. Well, it's, I'm very Happily. yes. We need to, we need a We need to be one of the three or four worst teams in the league. And clearly I'm 20. We. didn, We didn. We didn't lose by not playing him last week really helped. Right against Miami can. Now they're going to Jacksonville in, in in London. That's a fun one. See, What happens with That. They're awful though. They're the worst team in the week there. There's nobody worse than the pets. Oh come On No. There's nobody worse than them. They have the worst team in the week. Well, we'll see. Next week, that's a That is a battle.


When, what's your immediate reaction when You hear He dated the same girl since he was 12. I to me, loyalty. And if he's good, That means we have him for 20 years. Loyal guy. Oh good. Okay. But. He did That in his press conference. He showed up and he is like, these are my brothers, this is my girlfriends since seventh grade. can you get me? You get these people too. And this is who I am. Low guy. You. you say But you in sports anymore. When, When you see pictures, it's just weird. That's all But. No. It's great. like When they were 12. yes, yes, yes. Those pictures were floating around. Well she was six is the problem. No No, No. She they were both 12 No. They were both 12. That's funny. can listen.


At least there was some hope. The stands were pretty full. People were into it. People were booing when they were like running on stupid Third dance. But, it's if we even have a mediocre coach That. He And every time, it's weird when You watch these different coaches. I've never seen him talk to anyone else on the sideline during the games. They just show him and it's like he's, he is in a, in like a phone booth over on the side just watching the game. can it's, it's just there's some coaches, That are like interactive with the people. You know, Belichick would go and walk around and talk to people and Mayo's just kind of looking around. yes. And I don't know What. He is looking at Maybe. Maybe. It's certainly not Maybe the defense.


Maybe 'cause we're just getting destroyed. You know, we all have weirdo friends who like, oh come on, watch the game with us. like No, No, No, I have to watch alone. I. Nobody can. He's one of those. yes. I can't be bothered. He, you just be one of those can Those can can I. Can't say I've been impressed in the beginning of the Mayo era. But I did have the greatest coach of all time. And then the last highlight was Raven Sea Words, which reminded me of the better Bev B Ball fight can where it was a really kind of fun battle to watch But. It Also felt like it didn't hit its potential. It's a good comment. you like, there was another version of Raven C words where It was like, holy shit. That game was fucking awesome. But, it just felt like once the Ravens got up seven 10, it just felt like they were in control of the game.


And Henry, you do whatever he wanted hit. Think this was going in I. Love the Ravens today. And it fell right on the number I think they were like by, by the time it kicked off, they were like laying seven and they won by seven. yes But, this was a perfect spot for Washington to lose by 27. And You would've been like, okay, You know. yes. This is just, yes, What happens to a young team like this. And they didn't. They fought it. Jayden Dale's perfect on fourth down as a pro. Is he like 10 for 10 or something? The precision of his passes can, everything's in the right spots. I feel like he makes the right decision almost all the time. And then the passes are delivered correctly. You know, What, I mean he's just really good. can, Good for them, good for them for sticking.


And you can tell even the players on the other team team like Lamar was raving debut him after the game with the guys he's going against. I'll rave debut him after the game. like he, he clearly has it. I watched with house today who he I mean. He, he, you barely keep his pants on. He gets so excited for Daniel. He's excited. Daniels can, he's out of his mind. One more highlight from this. So how many, how many rushing yards do you think Derrick Henry has this year? I know this. Six games because I, because I bet him to have the most rushing yards in in October. All right, lemme think debut this. He has BET can. Oh Sandels got it all through six games. He has 865. Wow. You went high. What is It 7 0 4 Oh that's It Can 19 carriers seven four yards and he's got eight touchdowns.


He's Good I mean. And when they have a lead, if they feel unstoppable now the lead I that It, it was the opposite of the way they used to feel. Right? That's a difference, right? They don't, they don't close that game out. Last year at this time, No Can No and their past defense looked a little bit better. So those were the highlights. We're gonna take a break for the podcast. Stay here on YouTube and then we're gonna do the lowlights.


Get ready to tackle the NFL Action with FanDuel America's number one sports book. Right now new customers can bet $5 and they get 300 in bonus bets. if you win the FanDuel Sportsbook app giving You everything you need to place live bets on the NFL all in one place. you can Also check out latest stats if you live play by play so much more. All on the same page. Where You place your bets. if you get a hunch, go nuts. Just Visit FanDuel dot com slash bs to join today. You'll get started with $300 in bonus bets. if you win your first $5 bet, never waste a hunch. Make every moment more with FanDuel. An official sports book partner of the NFL. You must be 21 plus in President select states or 18 plus and president in DC. First online real money wage are only $5. First deposit required bonus issued as non RA bonus bets, which expires seven days after receipt restrictions. Apply C terms at sportsbook FanDuel com. Gamble prom call hundred gambler or Visit rg help com.


This episode is brought to you by Michelob ULTRA from Tipoff to hoist in the trophy. Celebrate every moment of the WBA finals with a Michelob ULTRA in hand. The WNBA is so hot. We just launched a Ringer WNBA show podcast can. That's Happily yes know What goes Well with It Michelob ULTRA the taste, super smooth, low calories and carbs. Why not save on calories if you're drinking a good beer? re like to keep It nice and cold. It's just really good. And you got the WNBA finals like all kinds of crazy matchups might add the two best teams in the league playing in round two. It's gonna be amazing. We'll see how far Kate Clark and goes. You're not gonna wanna miss a moment. Stock up on Michelob Cher for the WNBA Finals. Michelob ULTRA Superior Light Beer. Enjoy responsibly copyright 2024 Anheuser-Busch Michelob Bocher Registered Light Beer St. Louis, Missouri.


All right, the lowlights Hutchinson, just awful. can Bummer I. Don't think he was the best defensive front four guy in the league. But he was in the conversation with Watt was probably one Parsons when he is healthy and I. Think Hutchinson was probably third for me. Huge part of Detroit and, and Also an awful injury, which unfortunately they had the one replay. It was like, oh, No, But really tough. That was our first major season ender of the year, right? So, it was our first bad Injury. you I think so. I mean if you don't count McCaffrey I. Guess you. yes, yes. And I mean You.


yes. You, you say he is third But. It was like number one in Sacks. No. No one had as many sacks through like three games even. And then four and just brings It every play, you know? And so, and is double tamed a lot. And the the thing thing, That, all these defensive ends go through But can. They're gonna miss him. That's a, that's a bummer of an injury. Opens up the NFCA little bit 'cause he is not coming back this year. Their defense was I wouldn't say awesome. They look pretty good today. But your team's pretty one dimensional. But, What, You. Know, take That. Don't listen. Don't say things you're gonna regret. Last week looked a little, a little, a little shakier.


But. Really tough one. So I don't know I don't I. Think I have K I had KC first and Detroit second heading into this week. And I still feel that way. But Detroit is a little weaker and I think heading into this NFC North gauntlet. When they start playing each other, You know their pass rush isn't there. That's gonna be a a weak spot. Green Bay looks like It It worked out great for Green Bay, right? I'm not even saying this injury. But can, it didn't take them two or three weeks to adjust to the league and Jordan Love and whatever came came back. It's th that was I. Don't know if you had Arizona or not. But. I was like Arizona's at least good for a backdoor cover. That's What they live for, right? can not even, you know, they just, oh, Dobbs.


Oh he is not What happen. I thought he was suspended. No he is back. He's catching touchdowns and Jayden Res now all of a sudden a top seven receiver and they run the ball, they do it all. And Christian Watson was like, can guys, I'm here to be on your bench in fantasy and make You really mad. That you didn't start me and then you're gonna start me Next week and I'm gonna go outta the game in the first quarter's. That's like Travis et TN today. It's like do I, start 'em. Do I not start 'em all right fine. London game. I'll star em. Pulled Hammy like two minutes in Fantasy's. Terrible. Some guys fantasy's the worst. I I actually have some fancy stuff later. Alright, another Lowlight, the Dallas home blowout. So I think this is the fourth game We talked, debut this. We're gonna do this again. No. We're talking More. This Is like four times in recent history where What, you were down 19 or more.


more at halftime you like in the last calendar year. Can including A Playoff game. That sounds right, can Green Bay, Detroit, Baltimore, who's the other terrible team, good team. We lost to New Orleans. New Orleans, who's not even good. New Orleans is, they're two sickening I. Know they beat us. They crushed us and they crushed the Panthers. We Were I came on the pod that night. I was like, is there some 1999 ribs stuff going on? And four weeks later spent the rat Spencer Rattler and they're giving up a hundred points and Ovi made It five minutes, right? Another concussion for him. But, yes, It looks like, Can I ha I hate my team right now? And Jerry Jones was interviewed, of course.


Can you believe he did an interview today? I was shocked. And he, he said two things. He said It was like a minute and a half long. He said, we have a buy Coming up But. That's not enough time to write the ship. And then 10 seconds later he said, But, we're gonna figure it all out during the bye week. Perfect. So can, why can't, you know, there's a lot of hope there. It's very similar to the so thing though. yes. Where You just should have taken care of this eight, nine months ago. And then it's like No No this year will be better. It just seems like it never works when teams do. That Got, I'm a little jealous of Woody Johnson that he knows when to pull the trigger. like I I know if's like the Cowboys had a coach that was 20 and 36, he'd be gone too.


But. Woody Johnson's like, Hey, I'm old. This is ridiculous. I I, We gotta shake it up. I'm yes, yes, I'm yes gonna talk, debut the culture And. guess what? 'cause I, you do something. debut it. Jerry Jones is like, I'm not old, I'm eternal. I'm a young 83. I've got 20, 30 years left. I Think he believes it. No urgency here. Well, I didn't think your team was good to begin with. I thought you shoulda have lost the Pittsburgh game last week. And Dak was just superb. And Pittsburgh lost a couple pass rushers and blew a couple chances to whatever. And Dallas snuck that one out. But, I, I. Just don't think Dallas is very good. I Can't I mean Well? I gonna sit here and argue they can't.


They get bullied on both sides of the line of scrimmage. yes, some of it has to do with the injuries. But Also, some of It looks like they're just not prepared for these games. Or don't care all the bad stuff. Play the blood diamond theme again. So if so, if, if they fired McCarthy tomorrow and brought in Belichick, what's your reaction? Ooh. Wow. S surprise shot. So I mean the question is It is the bi week, do You do it now or do you wait till you, there's plenty opportunities. 'cause we have the 49 ERs, the Falcons of Eagles. The Texans and Act Commanders. He go any anytime in there. But do you do it now? I would be surprised. But. I would, I would think it was a step in the right direction.


Whereas last year I wouldn't think so. You know what's funny debut this? Nothing. Oh, I gotta turn down blood diamond. They always say like, nah, You can't do It in football. You can't bring somebody in. It's too hard. There's all these systems in place. It's gotta be an interim coach. It's gotta be somebody in the building. It's like does It because other option is just don't fire McCarthy and the team's just a mess. Or you just keep Robert Sala and your team's a mess. Or You keep Doug Peterson in London for another week. He's talking debut the culture which she's in charge of, right? like at some point Maybe, anybody's better. yes. You know in basketball they'll bring in fucking anybody. They, you know the Milwaukee brought in Doc Rivers outta nowhere.


Last year they were like, fuck it. But in football, they seem to be more hesitant 'cause the systems But. It just seems like You. you bring somebody in who you oversee I. Guess Indianapolis tried this with Jeff Saturday and it didn't work. But, Jeff. Saturday is Also not a coach. But. I. I still feel like I. Find It hard to believe. Belichick wouldn't be more of an asset the rest of the season than McCarthy. You know What. I was hoping with Belichick, I was hoping. I'm like, all right McCarthy, let's give him credit. They won 12 games a year for the last three years. yes. That's pretty damn good. can, so he makes it to the playoffs and then they're terrible for whatever reason they're bad, right? Why don't teams do this more? Why couldn't we hire a Belichick as a consultant? like for The playoffs?


The past did this in 1996, they hired Belichick as a consultant with ourselves. So smart just for like four months. can, can, Let's see your game plan. Okay, here's What. I would do different. Here's What. like every team should do this. like It should be a mad scramble to hire the best just to come in and and oversee and look like, like when Jimmy hosts the Oscars, he runs his jokes by Billy Crystal. Right? Right. And guys who have done it before and done, done great at it. like so that's the best. I was hoping for McCarthy like Maybe. They you do something like that. Now we're not even gonna get to that. So Counter Cleveland did this with Mike Vrabel and I and I. Think you're seeing the results. Abel's like I think you should stick with Deshaun. Probably just wants, can once Fired you. That was back. I mean it's backfire too. can I think the Eagles brought in Fangio, right?


For the defense for The troops game. like, like I. Dunno, why But, why wouldn't you do It? These are all like multi-billion dollar businesses, right? can, right? They Belichick like 2 million a year. Belichick is on eight shows in podcasts. Of course. like I'm pretty sure he would take the paycheck, pull 'em away in December and January can. So the Jags are a fiasco. We talked debut them earlier as one of the lowlights But. They're one in five. There's a Trevor Lawrence conversation that we've had a couple times. But I wanted have a little more detail because he is now 21 and 35 for his career. The the extension was scary But then much like the Jags, we talked ourselves into the Jags then Trevor Lawrence before the season, right? I have bets on him for 4,000 yards.


I had him in two fantasy leagues. I was, there were eight and three last year there was this whole case he was injured. Now he's healthy. They beefed up both sides of the ball. The A ffc south other than Houston not good. And he's been worse. So I was like, all right, he's 21 and 35. In his career it's 55 games. How many guys have started at least 55 games? But won less than 25, right? can because he, it's hard to look. yes, this stuff up can Well, it's a nine person list. And here's That List. And It goes in order of 21 to 25 wins. Trevor Lawrence, Tim Couch, David Carr, Josh mcc, Rick Meyer, Daniel Daniel Jones, Blake Bortles, Charlie Batch, and Josh Freeman.


Wow. Those are the nine quarterbacks. And the worst good work By you can The worst one of all. Those was David Carr was 23 and 56. Josh McCan was 23 and 53. But. That's a just an awful list. I mean I was shocked. can it's can I was like, is there anybody good on this list? Nah. Daniel Jones kind of sort of, they went nine and eight, Maybe, But, all those guys were top three paid in as far as quarterbacks, right? At some point, yes. Well, teams, Well, No, But, some of those guys were paid because teams were kind of like, fuck What, do we do All right We, we'll pay can one more year. you like B got paid. Remember? Can I think we're getting credit though for pumping the brakes on Trevor Lawrence?


Even though We may have picked him to win the division or hit the playoffs. You and I are getting credit. You and I are I. I saw some people like can, if credit police, like we argue, we're getting a little credit, it's a rare that we should take It I. I'm, I'm gonna recommend We take it. Wow. Blake Bortles started 73 games. He had 103 touchdowns in 75 picks. And Lawrence has started 55. He has 64 touchdowns in 41 picks. like when You see all these numbers, it's pretty alarming. And then when You watch the games, he just makes dumb plays at bad times. like he had that awful, awful interception today at midfield, right? As the game was slipping away from them. The body language seems weird from a leadership standpoint.


I don't, I just haven't seen it at all. And I really wonder, does He take off as much as he used to? Or What? I. I. Remember the first two years Feel I feel like he does he feel like he does he today he had a play where No I don't, I don't feel like he does No I know. Like he played it runs in Where took like it like Three or four times Can, can, and it's like, holy shit, this guy's fast. That's huge. It's, it's, it's, you know, I don't know. It's a, a little bait and switch like What happen to that I know you wanna extend your career 'cause you're making so much money for every year. You stay in the league. But, if you can't, you can't stretch these first downs when you can. The rest of your team has like 51 yards rushing. It's so good. It's really tough because they extended them. They probably, you have just, you know, played a little, kind of did a little bit like What Dallas did with Dak and at least taken it through the season.


Or you have franchised tagged them. But, they, they extended them on the promise of What. He you be over anything he'd actually done. And yet as I said, both you and I fell for it too. like We both thought he was gonna have a pretty good year this year. And he's been, and You got Flacco right in That the division to make everyone look stupid too. Right? Right. Can can just flacco by the way, two touchdowns in eight straight games. Wow. Joe Flacco, He threw a bad ball today and I was shocked, right? I was Like, oh that's right. It's like, oh my god. Joe What not Joe F Flaco like, yes. Another low light from today. Calvin Ridley. Eight targets, zero catches I Wonder, What the record is for most targets.


Wow. Not catching a ball. Eight's pretty high. like has anybody gotten over 10? Do you have him in I? Have on two fantasy I Don't I stayed away. It took World That was and I see that name? I'm like, wow, that's a pretty big name for him to be so far on my reserves. There's No But, there's No Way. I. you put him in, right? Yes. Well. I. Remember the Pats went after him and I think he chose Tennessee over the Pats. And one of the reasons was because he said there were taxes and there was something You know. yes, That was basically it. And then IU didn't wanna come here 'cause the Pats didn't have a quarterback. But Ridley chose to go to Tennessee.


Now he wasn't talking debut the le the Levi Tax No Because that's a bad tax I. Dunno which candidate is gonna enforce That But. He is actually fun to watch Levi so bad. That bad. One last lowlight from today. Not to talk debut, your fantasy team, our fantasy team, our knockout league where I'm oh and five I. Don't ever remember having a fantasy team that started out oh and five. It's pretty impossible. And today, I had a chance to win my first let's see game. And, and it was looking great and I was going against Ham's team that had Chase Brown and Chase Brown right at the end of the game gets a touchdown.


s no, he's got this 13 point lead on me now it's, I'm you need 13 and a half points from Garrett Wilson to avoid going. you can Maybe do oh and six can and Sal I gotta change the culture with this fantasy Thing. Oh, is What What you're gonna do? yes. I'm gonna change the culture. I'm gonna, I'm gonna, I'm gonna wave some guys. I'm gonna trade some guys I just don't like the way the guys have responded. Some of it's on me obviously. 'cause I picked every guy in the team. But the culture of the team. I don't really like But. can it, Can you change your team name to Billy Middle? Seat I? Probably you do It. So can I get 13 points from Garrett Wilson? 13 and a half. Can I do that? Yes. I think, didn't he have like 11 catches or 12 catches last week?


can can He's he's back in sync. I. Think So Then the other fantasy thing in the guillotine league. That, somehow we've survived But. We had Travis et n today who, ugh, pulled Aham. I don't even think they I hadn't even sat down. Rich Iden hadn't even made his first bad joke yet. And I and, and all of a sudden Etn on the sidelines. s no, we had Chase Brown in that league. So it actually helped us. s no, you need like 14 points from Bria But in this league. Touchdowns count for more. So you need, you need Jets scoring tomorrow. Bri from the two guys who have murdered everybody all year against Buffalo and I.


I'm weirdly confident. So this is the guillotine league. As long as you're not in last place, you, you, as Long as you're not in last place, Place survive. And you'll go, it's an 18 league team. 'cause every week now, now there's 12 left. Now down to 12 after this yes can and you, oh, so I Say you can, who is was our first pick. yes. I. Think we had the second pick in the whole draft. And he's done Jack shit all year. And now he needs to save the day for us. I don't know if you deserve To. Team are Great advance with Brie Hall and et the end as your running backs. I know I think I've heard enough. Well, we Picked up at the end because Chase Brown had the red flag all week, Right? That's right. Yes. And then yes. Anyway, all Right Well, good luck. can the game's the best. I love it. I bring up absolutely love it.


Bring this up. I've bring this up to make the following point. Fantasy continues to find new ways to make me feel terrible. debut myself. Oh six is like, like we're in a league where our, our friend Brad, who drank like 15 sodas while eating candy and then took eight running backs in an 18 T 18 player. And he's beating me. He took eight running backs out of 18 guys. He's beating me. can, I'm the one that's Owen six potentially, By the way, the Owen six thing is oh six is special because you've You went out there and called people out for trading with Owen. Six teams. So I have people asking me like, is Bill UNT trade? You can't trade with him if he goes oh and six, right?


I wouldn't trade if I, if I'm oh six, I would've traded last week can because I feel like you can, oh five in our league. You probably need to go seven and six and you can advance or whatever. It's seven and seven might make it But. Oh six. yes. Six. Okay. Yes. Oh and six I would've to basically run the slate, right? I Think eight and six. Oh you, yes. That's a I'd have to go, can Eight and oh or seven and one. My team sucks. Anyway, it's good. I made some mistakes. Sal, You at the end on That team too. Enough of That the end. Why do you keep, why do you have Ken Walker? He's hurt my feelings. can DJ Moore two points today? Garrett Wilson, We don't have to talk. debut Your Quarterback D's got five Points today. Oh, can Jesus, can can I just saw that?


can Well today I Star I started Dak over Baker, Mayfield and Caleb. So That went great. Mm. All right. A FC playoff picture really quick. Casey's five known Houston's five and one Baltimore and Pittsburgh are four and two Buffalo and the and the Chargers are three and two. Nobody else is over 500. Six over 500 teams. NFC Minnesota's five and oh Detroit's four and one five teams are four and two. Philly's three and two. So the is just better this year. I guess is the legacy of this season so far, right? Except for your division. Hmm? Yes. I. Guess so. I mean the Ravens are good, right?


Chiefs are good. Texans we think are good. The bills I still think will be solid. can I, I'm looking at these numbers though for Super Bowl can and I know we're gonna give out can 500 teams between now and week 18? The packers at 20 to one is interesting. I feel like they're in a groove. I think they're in a little bit of a groove. Get them going. Young defense Paul Hawking, they run the ball. Kind of do it all. I was looking at the MVP where Mahomes is sitting there at three to one even though I would, would you say he's even having, this is probably the worst Mahomes You he's had Can it's like six touchdowns and six intersections s yes. It's not Good. I just traded for him in our fantasy league or the keeper league.


The Lamar second 50. So It's s debut to get worse for him is What you're saying you yes, probably CJ UD plus five 53rd Purdy's 10 to one. Josh is 11 to one. Daniels is 13 to one. I personally think Stroud has been the MVP so far, especially like he's never had three of those receivers for an entire game. I don't think right now Nico's out for four games didn't really matter today. They weren't through the Pats But. He's so good. We were like marveling at him today. There was a But, especially in the first half. There was a a few times We just thought we had him or we were pressuring him or we're making him scrambling. He's gonna throw the ball away and then he's just really, really, really good. So I, he'd have my vote at plus six 50.


He's Excellent. yes. Or five 50 I. Don't know if the odds are good enough to bet on that yet for pretty 10 to one. I'd probably like those odds the most. That's exactly What. I was gonna throw I know we flip flop. I'm, I'm done. I Promise, I'm done. Flip flopping on Purdy. He's good. re like him. He's at least very good at that system and 10 to one's A nice number Is Mayfield. A 22 to one. Insane to at least discuss. Mm. He's so crazy. Right. It scoring too. And he's, his stats are nuts. Yes. He Plays like the main mean you might throw for like like 4,500 yards and 45 tds this Year. Right, right. What place. Can he come in the NFC South and still win It?


Well I think he'd have to win the NFC South. yes. Right can. And he'd have to be probably the two seed. Right? That's how he would get It. can you can't win the NFC South at nine and eight and win it. Right. Offensive rookie of the year. Daniels is minus one 90 right now and Caleb's plus 1 55 and that feels like a two horse race. My apologies to all the Bo Nicks Rookie of the year bets. I think you can rip those up. And He's such a weird I. I'm trying to figure him out and as I, you know Go, go Ducks But again. Fourth quarter he looks like a whole, whole different quarterback. He really is re like I was like What the hell is going on here.


like if you, He needs to be down 23 to feel, to feel himself. Yes. He's zipping it and he is running 15 yards s yes for first downs and like What. Where was this? like your kid is failing geometry and then he does some extra credit and you know like It mops up the class and like wait a minute, You have a C plus now that's Bo Nicks after his fourth quarter, like 236 yards, whatever you had 25 at half Taking a break for the pod. Coming back with a little more on the more on the week six.


This episode is brought to you by Buffalo Wild Wings Go takeout and delivery from Buffalo Wild Wings is now Buffalo Wild Wings go and for a limited time you can get 10 free boneless wings from Buffalo Wild Wings Go when you spend $15 and use promo code Go boneless. Which by the way I'm a boneless guy. Sorry I just love It. You know some people are like boneless wings depending on the situation. Some people are hardcore wings. I'm a boneless guy. It makes it easier for boneless too. When you try any of the Bub sauces, you can just smear 'em right in there. They have a crazy amount of sauces and dry rubs, which you should know if you've been to Buffalo Wild Wings. There's like 26 of them. My favorites Nashville Hot I really like the orange chicken. And I'm an original Buffalo guy and if I had to pick one, I would pick the Nashville Hot 'cause re like my mouth feeling hot when I'm eating Boneless Chicken. Let's be honest Wings. They're the one true football food. So the fact that you can get 10 of them free while you watch I don't know the first Sunday action when they have all those games. In the early games you can just flipping around Maybe, you got a little multi-view, action, whatever. Eat some wings while you're doing It. It's awesome. Order take out or delivery from Buffalo Wild Wings Go while you watch the games this football season. Enjoy your 10 free boneless wings and Maybe. Enjoy some Nashville hot sauce while you're at It. At participating locations for a limited time when You order in the Buffalo Wild Wings web or app.


This episode is brought to you by Cintas. In sports you're always think of That Next play. It's the same with business. Cintas can help You stay a step ahead. Cintas dedicated service reps make sure your team has What they need when they need it. Cintas has Workwear for almost any job imaginable and they deliver fresh uniforms back to your business every week. Cintas Also delivers restroom products and cleaning supplies and they even provide first aid supplies, safety training and the AEDs as well as inspecting and testing your fire protection systems. Visit cintas.com and get ready for the Workday.


So quickly, just some notes I had from these games. Your team is minus 40 for the season now you aware of this? I? Dunno. I. I. I'm like I'm gonna kill you. We're not done talking debut my team, I'm just I had I wrote That down. Yes, Well. They've gotten killed three times. So that'll do It. yes. Steelers took care of business against the Raiders and really you be six and oh when you think back to That Dallas game and then the fact that they had the ball down three against Indianapolis and the Snap hit fields and the helmet and all of a sudden It was like second and 28 fields was bad today. yes. And You kind of had to watch the game. I'm sure there's gonna be a way to spin It. No, No. He wasn't That bad fields was bad, fields was bad.


And It feels like he's getting worse by the week. And some of it is. Pickens hasn't been really good either. And they don't really have a second receiver But. He had just a horrible interception called back by this really dub dubious rough in the passer penalty that by the way was literally No different than Brian Burns. And for I, just I have No idea how they decide which one of those is versus isn't rough in the passer. But I thought he was bad and I wa I was wondering if they're just better off with Wilson just being like a, like a c plus and that's it. What do you think he'll do different You? Think he'll throw. 'cause the w Wilson we saw last year, I'm with them to make the change. I'm like What are they?


They're giving these guys a million and a half each. So You might as well just yes, put 'em in every three plays. Who cares until You get it right. But. What. Do You actually think he'll do different? He'll throw down field better because he probably won't run with it better than Fields. So he'll just connect Downfield. I felt like he check down a lot with Denver. you But. My fear with Fields is just That. It just feels he's feeling way more turnover the last couple games can. And it just feels like balls are starting to hit his pass or hands are starting to hit his passes more. And I ended up betting on them today. I didn't have them for a million dollar picks. But. I was just super nervous every time he went back to pass. So I was, yes, I Dunno, What they do with that because they're foreign too. like You know they have a real chance to either win the division or be a six or a seven seed and that I don't know.


I don't think they do I. Think There's a little bit of an arrogance I think it's much like aside from the moss years, it's like when Belichick wouldn't get a receiver for your for Brady. That's What Tomlin's doing. It's like, well I'm the, the I'm Gonna win with with I'm Gonna, I'm gonna win without a quarterback or without a big name quarterback. You watch this'll be on me I think there's a a similar thing. They like it. There's two moves. like they, you they you make a Davante Adams play, which they're just, they only have one receiver really in, in the tight end. And Najee Harris was good today. But can, the other move would be if New Orleans decided they saw enough from Rattler that Maybe cars available and Maybe you, you talk yourself in a car being a better version of Russell Wilson.


Hmm. You know that's, that's all I you think of though. There's not really any other, like there's Jimmy Garoppolo types are out there. But I. It's nobody that's gonna be, at least with fields. You, you do stuff with his legs, which they start to figure out as today's game when we're on with Vegas some, some design scrambles and some QBI draws and things like that. But. That's the difference, right? can that, that's why he makes it up. So he, you throw for 1 45 in a winning effort somehow with a great defense But, he's gotta run for almost 60 and It and you don't get That from Carr But. Who do you think has the bleakest quarterback situation right now? I will give You the Raiders. Tennessee Miami, Denver and Cleveland. Cleveland. The Cleveland, right? yes. Okay, can So who's second can, Right?


Who feels second worst debut their QBs right now? I think Miami. 'cause you can't with a straight face say that two was gonna come back and and beat two of last year. I guess is the best two a year can, right? I don't know. Who would you say second Raiders. I mean They can, they're basically like can that's not good either. like moving deck deck chairs in the Titanic. It's like, oh We took Minche out, here's Ocon. It's like, oh he's terrible too. yes. And then two weeks later it's like Min's back. He knows the offenses better and they're just moving people around who are just bad's. Those guys are both bad. yes. It's bad. They're not starting quarterbacks. There's I mean I. Don't know. You wanna say Carolina too? Or do we We count any Dalton In the winner No because I think Dalton's I would take Dalton over every so weird Raiders.


Tennessee, Miami, Denver, Cleveland, I would have Dalton over all of those guys. Right? At least he can move the team down here. I Think you're right. I mean even if the question is three years from now, it might still be Dalton better than O'Donnell or, or O'Connell. yes it's it's I. Don't know Also like best facial hair. He's had I think Right? Really strong can. He's looking very Redy Falcons beat the Panthers. We can skip that Chargers beat the Broncos Chargers some good first three quarters. I think But their defense. I think is good. I don't think it was just Bo Nicks not looking great and I I actually the Chargers might have a good defense.


So I'm keeping an eye on them. We'll talk debut. We get best lines. That was my best today. You a Yes. You and I had that. Not a lot of people did Can and they, because they and normally don't like to buy early But. This team was so banged up and with Joe all That can and everybody was like, you know Herbert needs that ankle to and I. I'm like, I'm gonna be so fing mad if this is a push with Denver scoring at the end. And then Peyton did the beautiful thing kicking That field goal with a minute left. can Giants tried it too? But That guy can't kick So. it didn't matter. But that debut was Just a blessing. We talk debut. The first, this is a passion point for me. yes. So Giants today, they're down 10, there's 56 seconds left first down and it's like the 28 yard line and they hustle the field goal guy out. you need a touchdown on a field goal.


You have to take three shots at the end zone from That spot. It's 28 yard. like Is that What? I said yes. Seven seconds. yes. That's gonna be 22nd, 20 seconds total take three shots. That's like a great pseudo Hail Mary spot, right? See if you can get the touchdown kick the field goal. Now you're kind, now you can just kind of hoping to get near that spot to try Hail Marys again. Why not try 'em? There there What you can gonna do anyway. Maybe, you'll hit the first one. You'll have 50 seconds left. I teams, they never get It, right? I'm with you I. Think the, the one thing You can't do is Trott your guy out there for a 46 yarder who just missed a field goal can, right? like that Shot cold has No idea he's gonna kick can, can shot. yes. It's not Easy. I know guys are nailing 57 yards.


But your guy isn't. So at least get run one more play and get eight yards, you know? Right. Take six seconds off. So Eagles, Browns forgot to mention the blackjack. Browns, we talked debut this every week. 16 today. So they're their, their hands this year so far. 17, 18, 15, 16, 13, 16. This is an amazing streak. Every game they've played has been between 13 and 18 points. Scored can. It's gotta be close to some sort of weird record. Well let's Not. That's just their range By the way. There's a defensive, you know, I, you speak from experience. I had the Browns under 16 and a half. And so when they got that block kick return for touchdown, I'm like, son, oh Jesus a bitch.


This is the only way. Can Findel please put up just offensive points. Can We bet an over under on offensive points and not bullshit with kick Returns like An all everything else? yes. Oh, like actual points scored by the offense that I'll Pay extra. Vig I I knew they weren't scoring 16 But. I had to sweat that out. Texans Pats So Nixon was back. yes. And this was a Joe House point from a couple weeks ago. That, I'm stealing like the way they built this team. Nixon was a big part of It. Now they lost Nico Collins. He was gonna be the deep threat part of it. But they wanted hit be this power running team. And you, you see it today against the pat. So I, I thought That was notable. Packer's cards. You mentioned the cards earlier.


I just think they're an official. Stay away for me now. I don't want any part of a game. I re like I, just I. Don't wanna pretend I know what's gonna happen with them. I don't think they know what's gonna happen. They beat San Francisco by nine last week. They got murdered by Green Bay I. Just think they're That team this year. I, they're gonna like, like them this week. Spot spotting dimes eating Onin team. That's the team this year. Just don't, don't, don't pretend you know anything that's gonna happen with them. 'cause they don't know either. I'm with you. But. What happen. They played the Chargers. It was e exactly the same way in the, in the, in the a ffc. So this week Bucs beat the Saints somehow I had Tampa I vowed not to bet on the NFC South and somehow had Tampa in a, in a bet today.


And But I hate That division throw It into Good by you. No. I, you know What I wanted hit. Stay away too. But re like them in the second half. I'm like this, they're an underdog to win. They were down three going and You know you yes. debut with a minute left in the first quarter. yes. So, So the Colts one, there's three and three. They're Next six games home by Next week that you be four and three at Houston at Mini Home Buffalo at the Jets home, Detroit. So my guess is they win Next week and it's like the Cols four and three with Richardson and then I. you see them losing the Next five and going from four and three to four and eight because I don't think that team's very good.


I don't either. I'm rooting for him though. I want Flaco to bring every team in the playoffs. Mine being the last one in 2031. All right, are you ready to You Ready to do Guest Alliance I? Think so. I gotta win at something. Come on. How many We tank, how many weeks in a row have I won? It's a lot I. Think I only won the first and We tied. So you're up 4 1 1.


Today's Guest Alliance brought to You by Workday. Get the whole band together with Workday and pair finance and HR in one platform for an epic performance with Workday AI. At the core, you'll make confident decisions faster than ever. You'll drive flawless business and finance operations with an agile platform that constantly evolves to future proof your organization. Be a finance and HR rockstar with Workday Visit Workday dot com to learn more.


So Thursday night, this is really when sports goes a little haywire. When We had these baseball games that oh yes, had these increasing importance. We had the Thursday night football, we had basketball debut to start. Now WNBA finals, which I actually care debut I forgot to tell you this. yes, We replaced Atlanta Carolina on one of the four TV screens with Oh we did. can Liberty s yes. Second half of Liberty Links. It was quite, it was the most important moment they're saying ever for the WNBA. Some people say It was Kaitlyn Clark getting drafted. Others say It was when they replaced an NFL game on my TV on a Sunday. You Were switching it over. Wow.


I just switched It over We watched second half. Well The Panthers Falcons had No, right? Being a late afternoon game, can I was Like, that's can was that weird? Anyway, can that was the case. It's like why is this game a late a like, can this game shouldn't be on now? So I don't feel bad debut. Yes. You know, What else No, right? Being late afternoon, the WNBA finals, I I know Put It on Saturday and Monday, whatever. Come on. Well there was, so they, they, they have all this I. I did some digging. They had all this pre-done. A, B, C stuff. But. I think they know they have to fix this. Their counter to It though, is that the counter programming, the overlap isn't as big as, you know. You would allegedly think that's if They had data supporting That, God bless 'em. But.


I. The the point is, you want people like us who are just yes. Gonna watch yes football can if there's four good football games, even if we have money on the links. I went to game one of the WNBA by the way, That was awesome. That game one. yes. That That was an awesome sporting event. I couldn't believe It. It was so good. Their fans were great. The Liberty fans, like they're re like really literally great fans. like Knowledgeable, they're calling out like illegal screens and like that, like real diehard fans and the, there was great drama. There's good shotmaking. The game was awesome, right? you like the, there was a crazy call at the end. And The layups, the skill of the players. I know. I know they were the best in the world really for the whatever But, the Shotmaking and the skill that they have now is pretty nuts.


The slash and kick it's It was really good. But I had a great time. And then the Liberty one today. s no, it's the best of three. Basically But, the Next two. Are We the links Come on. Lynx, We, get it together. Game three is probably the hedge. You think so? I do because the, the fact that the Liberty were up by I think 15 plus in both games is a bad sign. I never like having the team that fell behind by 15 in each game in the first two games. The hedge is one. But can Liberty's favored You know by three In game three. Well, Maybe We ride the links. Yes.


All right. I mean that's opposite of a hedge But. yes, Yes. I'll go with That. Ride the links. Maybe. We hedge game four. Hope they win Game three. That's the move we I mean. The move was to hedge today with the Liberty But. The line wasn't good enough. Alright, we're distracting everybody from Guest Alliance. Thursday night. Saints home for the Broncos. This was the Spencer Rattler Bo Nicks game. Everybody's been dying for really since the draft last April. What'd you think of Spencer Rattler? Just outta curiosity. I was excited from the beginning. But re like I said I bet Tampa the second half. I'm like, I. Don't know this is But. Did You think he was competent? like What What was your takeaway. can I thought he Was fine? But they they got some weird, they had good field position for most much of that first half, right?


like there was some Baker turned It over a couple times. yes. I. He had a block kick in there. yes. So I I was trying to be calm. debut I know it's exciting when a new quarterback steps up. But. But. I Didn't think he had deer in the headlights. No. I thought He you move. And I actually thought he had pretty good moves when he was in the open field. like he's not like going into a slide like he was trying to juke people and get by people. yes can. His passes is a little erratic. But somewhat smooth. I didn't think he was bad. I didn't. My takeaway was like that guy's not a starter. like I didn't feel that way at all. I felt like can He's probably a low end starter. yes It is. Fine. can can I just say something though? I feel like I don't know if you saw this past Thursday But, they were promoting this Denver New Orleans game and in the graphic, can you guess who was in the graphic?


I know you said like, oh Jesus. Rattler and Nicks But. Guess Alvin Cama and Sean Peyton. Very close. Who was Sean Peyton and Cam Jordan. It I I Love when they put the coach in there. I love. It's Sean Peyton and Cam Jordan. And Cam Jordan. The incomparable Cam j Jordan. I mean he's a great player. But, they almost feel like they should give You a little money off if they're putting the coach in the graphic. Matching up the teams. I have Saints by three over the Broncos. Ooh. I had one and it's one and a half. Oh that's stupid.


Chiefs at the 49 ERs is our Sunday marquee game. Definitely. I have the chiefs favorite at the 49 ERs. Chiefs buy one and a half. That's exactly What. I had But. They have 49 ERs by one and a half. Oh Make sure That, that hasn't Changed. I'm shocked. Wow. I'm really surprised too. Wow. Like can you do that? Can you have chiefs doing the Super Bowl? Can you have Mahomes to win MVP for all the top of your odds boards? But then have the 49 ERs as a favorite. Three and three I. I. Don't need to look this up. Mahomes record when he is an underdog by between like one and four points is like 120 and two Can.


So I, don't think there's been like a better, more fun bet over the years than That, right? I. Don't think there's any doubt. That. You're putting the Chiefs in a teaser and just waiting. Just waiting to see who We you throw 'em in with. See now John Ewing or that you re like John Ewing. can John Ewing's s yes. you be like I heard Bill say that Mahomes is It. Actually he's four and seven when he's between debut Four points. It'll be a better than one 20. No Feel stupid man. 49 ERs favored. That's a lot of respect for a three and three team. That Right? Really you have lost to Seattle last week. Well this is the, the hang the Super Bowl. Chip on the shoulder game. I. Guess Maybe. I. Guess Maybe. That's the only way to Maybe Re like 49 ERs.


First half chiefs game. The bet that I've been clamoring for. FanDuel, I. I. They wanted me to tweet out one today. And I I did the Cousin South special for the Steelers game. It the Steelers one. I We had it. you know, Vegas first half Steelers game. It was seven to one. I know there was was that one field Field scored and ruined. It can can that'll Hit it. A jerk can. It was seven, six. I was like, this is perfect. Third one by 20. yes. I Have it every week. Watchable. We have three. The first one's s really good packers. Texans is a nice one. Yes, that's in Green Bay. I'm excited to watch it. Two teams that re like how they're playing. Two Well coached teams. Two teams with fun quarterbacks, two teams. That can occasionally look awesome running the ball.


Two teams that occasionally look like they can have an awesome pass Rush and I have the Packers favorite by two. That's What. I had, it's two and a half. Oh it's right there. Next one. Falcons home for the Seahawks. Seahawks started out three and three and a oh, another three and three. I got this exactly. Well, You, you do It. Well I did two because this one seemed pretty obvious to me. I had the Falcons by two and a half against Seattle What. Why was That obvious? What Was It. You did get It. You did get it exactly. Because it wasn't gonna be three. Three is the one You say, oh, it's obvious it's three.


Well, two and a half is the new three I. Guess so can, It's like it used to be three and then It started taking peptides. Confus s no, it's dropped down to two and a half. can the peptides have changed everything? Everything's thinner. Last one is I. Feel like I've watched a lot of Falcons this year, by the way. Can And once a game, Kyle Pitts is wide open for like 40 yards and then he's just, he's like a cat, you know? So he just, he just runs away and you don't ever see him again. Right? like What happen to Kyle. Pitts, I don't know. I think he's outside. He saw a mouse and it's, he's gone But once the game. He's just wide open. Nobody near him. This you be I know the, the, the records are fine.


Four and two against three and three But. This you be the ultimate. Stay away I mean good luck trying to figure Seattle's defense is, is really bad the last couple weeks. Can something, something scary. debut betting on the Falcons is when they're favored can and I don't know What. It is, yes. Even today against the Panthers, which they ended up taking care of business. But. Even That game, they're re like, oh God, Here they go. can they're gonna win 21. Stupid Falcon, right? Last watchable is Lions at the Vikings can. Now some would say, why isn't this the Sunday marquee game? But 49 ERs. Chiefs would, that's a Super Bowl rematch. I mean, come on, can.


So Lions Vikings awesome game. Classic game. It's in Minnesota and they're not gonna be favored even though they're five and oh it's gonna be lion by one and a half is my prediction. Alright, I'm gonna get this. Even though I was off too. I said Lion by one. It's Vikings by one and a half. Whoa. All right, so you have your teaser. Go get it. Detroit, Kansas City, the road teams. I'm, I'm just betting the lions straight up. Hmm. All due respect to the great people of Minnesota. But. I, just I the lines have not caught up with the lions yet. Three weeks in a row where even the game today, I don't know the three points was how are they only three point favorites against Dallas without, you know, the injuries you, you guys have had can the fact that You can't run the ball and that you fall behind every other game.


Well, that's Maybe the case against them. like, does that screw up a team after they play a dreadful just hideous asshole team like the Cowboys Maybe. They just can't. When the, then the Next game is on the road against Minnesota. Can't adjust. Do You wanna tape a hypothetical video? We'll just bank it in case McCarthy gets fired tomorrow and they hire Bill Belichick or somebody Is It just me laughing No. It's like, all right, this is a futuristic time staying up. We're dating the, we're taping this 9 28 Pacific Times Sunday. Sal, the Cowboys just fired. Mike McCarthy. I can't believe it. What's your reaction? Wow. Well first of all, I had No idea.


Jerry Jones had died. I mean You. I feel like You would've, you would've led with that first. So Stephen Jones stepped in there and hired can the old man Belichick But. He did re rest in peace. Jerry, we're gonna do great things. Coach Belichick, the greatest That ever was, is gonna lead this team to a Super Bowl That. You'll unfortunately not see because you're clearly not around for this. It's an emotional time for me because I love Belichick can. And it's always fun to root against Dallas But. Now Belichick's coach in the Cowboys can and yes, you know I'm gonna want him to do Well. Love it. Throwing The ball scene. All right, throw That Kyle, cut that out just in case. Fairly watchable. By the way, Brady said something during that Lion's game.


No, if you Caught It No, he said something. That was like, whoa. He was raving debut their offense. And he had a quote and I heard it in real time. And then I think it became a little bit of a thing online. He like a quote, like their culture No that that would've been, he was talking debut. The Jaguars culture is really envious of it. No, he is basically talking debut their offense. He was like, I would love to be in charge of an offense like that. Mm. I still think Brady's sitting there for like San Francisco, the Chiefs or the Lions, if any of their quarterbacks got down. I think he's on the first plane.


It's like What debut the Raiders deal Done. Nah, No, forget It. Screw the Raider. like he's back. I they, he posted a workout photo the other day. He's like in the greatest shape he's been in. It seems like I just feel like he's in hibernation. He's like in a fire extinguisher case in case of emergency goat quarterback available. You think everything's a diversion. You might be right like the broadcasting, everything's like just a decoy to get, we're gonna, I'm gonna own this team. I. you see It. It's just a super weird thing to say like Aikman wouldn't say that, Right? yes. You like a Aikman would be like, man, I would love to be in a charge of a team like that. It'd be like he would never say that 'cause he's fucking retired.


Brady said It in a way that it's clear he hasn't like totally given up playing football yet. Right? You don't say That unless You still wanna at least a PCU wants to play Football. Well Romo called the G the command. There's the Redskins today. So I feel like he wants to play too. He definitely seems like he wants to come back Because he thought It was thousand. yes. He wants to come back. yes. can. That's good. I couldn't find that thing. all next fairly watchable Do You, did you miss that? There's a London game. I'm I have it right here. Oh, okay. So I didn't wanna talk. debut Jags. Pats coming outta the gate. I wanted hit Bury It in the Middle of Smart Guest Alliance. Fairly watchable because Drake May is now fairly watchable for the rest of my life.


I Hopeful. I bump It up man. Hopeful. Super watch put It. I'm excited for, I'm actually excited to wake up for this one. All Right, let's move It up to the watchable then. can fine I mean the best part would be if Lawrence sucked again and M Jones came in. Sure. And It was m Jones against Drake. May I, I don't know What I would do at eight in the morning Pacific time with my coffin, not him kicking back Might be earlier than That. can I have this in the Vegas zone? I have Jags minus five against the Patriots in London. Yes, you can gonna steal this from me. I had three and a half. It is four and a half. Mm. Maybe you are the worst team. That's a high number for a a bad favorite.


I'll tell You this. The, the Pat's culture on their sideline is gonna make Doug Peterson feel better. debut his culture. It's like this. Anyone alive over there, what's going on? It's a culture clash. Like they start the game today. It's Drake May's first game. They announce It on a Tuesday for reasons That remain unclear. Right? Let's remove all the mystery fans are fired up. Kyle showed up before 10 o'clock at my house for the first time. I think ever. And it's like here We go. We get the ball. Two awful runs into eight guys setting up the third and nine. So he you sail It out bounds 'cause he is under pressure. It's like we had all week. Those were our three plays. Nothing you it come up with one special wrinkle, right?


For Drake May's first series. That's What we're gonna do. It's just in abysmally Run. yes. It's like we leading with the song that's off the new album that No one's heard. Right? Right. You just Come on. It's like throw a like debut a play action roll out. How debut somebody in motion. A quick pass like something to just get him going. Ugh. Kyle I write down. Can We have, can We have Kyle come on for a second. I just wanna write down, gimme a grade A through F Kyle for Drake May today. Oh my wrong person to ask. Really? Over the moon. Go ahead Kyle. Kyle, you've had a few hours to think debut it. It's A, I'm gonna say a I'm gonna say A it's a, if there's a learning curve, if there's a comparative, it's a compared to everything else we've had.


Yes. Especially when you think the rookie quarterbacks pre cut You today. yes. He had like 10 really good throws. And the other thing was to think debut. The rookies the first week of the season you, none of them look good. Right. And Drake actually Had some, Daniel was lost by 17. you it's, that's True. All right, listen. I want this to happen. You don't even have to watch the Celtics the first three weeks. You got Drake May. This Is fun. It's, we're deep in the season man. We're already having his are We. Sure. Jalen Poe is good conversations. like he's had some drops. He's s yes I. Think he's got 24 targets and like nine catches. yes. The Pats are back. Baby I love it. Bills Titans in Buffalo, it's either seven or seven and a half.


And I'm gonna say seven Good Bills by seven. Glad you said that. I said seven and a half. It's eight and a half. Oh Jesus. Might be the biggest on the board. Might be I. Don't wanna say Eagles at Giants. Somebody is gonna be super unhappy with their bet coming out of this game would be my prediction. What Do you mean this is, this might be a don't bet this is a DB I'm declaring this A DB Can. How do You feel Good debut yourself. No matter how this goes. This is the Saquon Barclay revenge game. Right? I mean that's all there is to It You.


Were waiting for him to bust one open today. Right? So to put the Browns s yes. Money line. yes. That's to to death. Eagles minus one and a half is my guess. I get this one too. It's Eagles minus three and a half. I said two and a half. Oh that's fucking stupid that that's a dumb line that's gonna come down. The Eagles aren't good. Let's go I. How many let's weeks in a row Can We watch the Eagles not be good before We? All agree That. They're not good. Who get who revenges it though? Who's, who's angrier? like if you were to move the line, a half a point gets S Giant stadium. yes. I mean the guess. So Giants only S scored seven points today. All right, last one. Bengals. Browns. That is in Cleveland.


Assuming Deshaun yet again. I Bengals by three. Oh wow. I'm gonna win this week. I had five. It's four and a half. Ridiculous. Do You think Cleveland was looking ahead to this game? No You know What I fucked That up because we, we noticed this today with That Eagles line can, they're just adding two to three points to these teams. 'cause nobody wants to bet on Deshaun Eagles line, not I bet on and A half. That was insane. You just Read their point total for every game and it's 13, 14, 15. You know you can, The should not be favored by four and a half on the road against. They sucked too. Anybody they suck. I know They do. So this line should be two and a half and there's just two extra points because they're basically daring you to bet on Deun.


But. They 20 points sucked. Browns are, they're 14 point. You know you, it's right in there. Poop, fta, col, dolphins, Indianapolis, it It. The dolphins just cannot be getting less than three and a half against anybody that's even mediocre. So I'm gonna say Cols by three and a half. You get this exactly, it was four and a half. But It went down to three and and a half. I said two. So You got It, you can not dead yet. Nope. Washington's home for the Panthers. It's gotta be at least seven. So I'm just gonna say Washington by seven. Shit, here comes the, here's the comeback. I said six and a half. It's eight and a half.


Let me add these up. That's a teaser. 2, 3, 4, 5. Although with the way Washington's defense, I dunno if I trust them to hold the tease, They gotta win that if they're for real. True. So What is it? It's the Ron Rivera No. You got It. I said seven It was eight And a half. What, what's the What are the records What? Do we have, oh it's eight To six, still me. Eight to six. So Washington has Washington's four two and they have Carolina this week. Chicago Next Week at the Giants week nine. This is, they've gotta come out of this stretch. Six and three. Ideally seven and two.


But six and three I. Think At the Giants might be like a pick them game like and they'll be favored and some of those others. This one for sure. Okay. Rams. Raiders in Los Angeles. Can I don't know, Doesn't matter can Do. You wanna predict the line But then the line versus fight videos in the stands that start can coming on Instagram that night. You're right. I'll do the line first. I have the Rams by two and a half over the Raiders. Okay, good. I said three and a half. It's four and a half. Come. Everyone's come's down on those cornerbacks that you hate.


That's stupid. Is there cup in Ku Next week though? Vegas son I don't know I. I would think one of them might be healthy right after the, they had the buy right. All right, so four and a half. So how many Instagram fights of people fighting in the stands during this game? Like Probably the same, right? Four and a half. Oh, More. It's gotta be more in the stands or you it be outside the stadium too because there's a bunch that's still Over. I'd say stands concourse or parking lot Over Gimme the over eight And a half. Yes. And FanDuel you should put this up. Let's have some fun I. Don't know if S's talked debut this on this podcast. But on his podcast. But. This is a passion point of ow with the, with these fight videos from the stands.


What's That? He s every single time the guy who's higher up wins the fight can because he is got leverage of like a foot, right? And you can come down and the other guy's looking up and it's just You know in boxing you might be able to pull that off. But. When the stairs are like that, the guy who's lower always loses. Almost always. There was one recently I. Think It was a hockey fight and somebody pointed out like What kind of loser. You have to be to to you. You, you drop the fight to a 14-year-old and while you were on higher ground. can But yes can once some You. You gotta, well I saw That one. can You gotta grab the the shirt just right I think for it to work Well. What do. You do. If you're lower, That's What.


I mean I. Think you gotta You, you You gotta Bring them lower. You grab the shirt and then upper cut. yes, Yes. You gotta get 'em in there. yes. It's like, or Do you go right, do you punch right in the balls? Because that's like you have direct shot for the straight, right? yes. You have the wife or girlfriend distract and then and then start biting his ear. That's the only way to do it There. The other one is when the person comes from the side, same row and sometimes misses and then falls right Over forward, right? And then Get row then tag from behind. And then it might hit his head with the chair. Would watch like, like an hour long breakdown of do's and don'ts for this. I would love it too.


And I'll go even further. I would like win probabilities attached during these fights to see who, who the hell I'm rooting for. Who I should be rooting for. Listen, When I see the person lower versus the person higher, it's already 20% win probability If you're lower it's gotta be, it's gotta be. yes. There's Just No Chance. We took some shit for That. But, I I do wanna make one flyer appreciation. Who took some shit? Some shit. Well people are like, oh yes But, you guys are all for, you're okay if they put live lines on there. I was like can 'cause that's a real thing. That's that something you can Are way different. That's that's a tool that you, you use and make money or lose money or something. Win Probability does does nothing for you. I'm really trying to like the WNBA and and You know appreciate the place that's in the links.


Did a win probability tweet. They do it a lot because they won game one and I was outraged Can. It's like, Whoa, We were we were down and then 99% then we and it was like, oh, you mean when you hit a four pointer down three to take a lead with five seconds left? yes. Your win probability was pretty low. It's unlikely. yes, That, That Happens. It was unlikely you're gonna win At that point as people were leaving 'cause they thought the Liberty had already run. I needed a stat for this. You know, You should Get rid of Start a fight in the stands at the links Liberty game That would've been great Only with people below I. Don't I don't go backwards. Actually you yes Well. It's gotta be People looking down. That that've been tough because you were court side probably right? I. Think So it was Courtside can Who am I Tommy Al Alter. Come on all Sunday Night Jets at Pittsburgh.


I don't know who wins this game. But, it's gonna be ugly. Mm. I don't think it's gonna be very fun to watch and I feel like whatever side I pick, I'm gonna lose the bet. can I might have to stay away. It was like the Giants game today. I, even though I had a million dollar picks in real life, I was like, I'm staying away. I, I just know my feelings are gonna hurt. The Steelers are a automatic stay away. You're just can really can. You're just, you're not watching if, if you don't say it's a, it's a rat line. I'm gonna say, oh man, I'm gonna say Steelers by one. That's What. I said it's one and a half. So you beat me. We you be done. We you be done with the picks too. you yes. But We. you be done with the these two teams, the night games, right?


I, I feel like, like I. Think the jets have like three more I. Don't need to see the Jets every fricking night game. Do you I wanna hear debut Jeff Albrecht. How, how Beloved he is in the locker room. Okay this guy, you know he has handshakes with Mike, he's got handshakes with all 53 guys. I don't know How I remember that many handshakes. Mike Let's, he's hs Shaking everybody here. Let's go on Mike, Let's go to our Next gen stats Mike and see how many handshakes Jeff Ulbrich has. Hey, he's number two in PFF for handshakes with with players. Collinsworth had a good one today talking debut. Daniel Jones. I was thinking of you. What was It I. I had the Mets on can. He's Like Mikey, he tours ACL at.


Do you know how hard It is to rehab Mike No? Do you know how hard it is to rehab and come back? You know how hard that is and he's out there running around. Did he let Mike answer? Does Mikey at least get to answer? How hard is it? Mike I think Mike just nuts. He just wants to, what's The wind probability for Daniel Jones in the night game to Rehab Correctly when he's rehabbing? yes, We have two Monday night games this week for reasons that remain unclear. can why What? Why are they doing that? This is there. There's No way. There's not a million things going on. Next. we Know What. It is, It might be to shut people like you and I up because Well, here's another thing. I don't realize why they don't I don't understand. There's only two buys, the Bears and the Cowboys. So when there's four buys that knocks out a a game for the 1:00 PM kickoff can Maybe, they're moving one of those I mean these certainly look like one, you know, one of 'em looks like I.


Don't know Ravens at Tampa is one of 'em. And that's a really good game. That's a good one. And I think the Ravens are favored by minus two and a half. You're gonna get that. I said two and it's four and a half. Wait lemme make sure you're not Dr. Striking distance here. 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 1, 2, 3, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10. Now I have 10. You have eight. Yes. Congratulations. You did it. You can gonna win Next. One last one. Cardinal's. Chargers Cardinal's home, right? yes. I have Cardinals by two Can I had Cardinals by one and it's Chargers by one and a half. Oh it's A little strange.


I. Think the Chargers defense is good. like legit good? yes. So there's That, Maybe, Maybe Vegas case. Yes, Bosa plays. It's nice. It's kind of nice when they have pressure. So Next week for the multi-view on YouTube tv. Oh yes, You gotta pick this. Well. I have to pick It But. It I. It's the hardest week because seven Games Line Vikings. The in the early games, lions, Vikings, Seahawks, Falcons, Eagles Giants, Texans, Packers, Texans, Packers, Titans, bills. Those are five really good games. Plus I'll be in a hangover after Jake Mayes his first win in London against Middle seat.


Middle seat Middle Seat Doug. His last game before He's on N nfl. Coach Middle seat wants to see you in his office. Now he's gonna say goodbye You, you kick with Colin Wolf. Wolf and and Gerald McCoy. In two weeks I'm here. Middle. Seat. Doug is joining us. Middle seat. You want No? Do You want a club soda? And you want mixed nuts or roasted nuts? Okay, Middle seat would You like a stale cheese plate? You don't have to I, don't think Tennessee Buffalo needs to be in there. I Think that's a game for okay. 40 minutes. I, listen. I think you're underestimating. We'll, Levi No, it's not. It's pretty fun. Twice a game when you, when you're looking at the Will Levi tv and his hands are on his helmet and the other team's celebrating So Good.


And then they cut to Coach Callahan who's just like I, I I. Don't dunno. What we do What. We should do on this. How Fast you We trade for Deha Watson.


What the Workday. Looks like That was Guest Alliance. Thanks again to Workday for sponsoring this segment. Be a finance and HR rockstar with Workday To learn more. Visit Workday com We're gonna take a break for the pod and then do, This episode is brought to you by Workday. Get the whole band together with Workday and pair finance and HR on one platform for an epic performance with Workday AI. At the core, you'll make confident decisions faster than ever and you'll drive flawless business of finance operations with an agile platform that constantly evolves to future proof your organization. Be a finance and HR rockstar with Workday Visit Workday dot com to learn more.


This episode is brought to you by origin. Y'all know how much I Love my guy Murph, my dog. He has his own Instagram account. I take him on hiking trips and that's why Origin is great. They don't just make pet food. Their food is made with whole prey ingredients that nourish your companions and give them the energy they need for all your adventures together. And I have a lot of adventures with Murph, with nutrient dense animal ingredients like fresh meat, poultry, and fish. There's less need for a synthetic supplements. Feed your dog good food. Visit Origin, it's spelled OR I. JEN Pet foods do com to learn more.


Alright, right parent corner Sal. Alright, What, do you got I? Have two. I'll be quick. First one, my son Archie goes to Oregon. He's there for Oregon, Ohio State. He slept over 'cause game day was there. What did it. He slept over. Slept over slept. yes. So like, oh wow. like they, they stacked him in there. So he got there at two in the morning and he had signs. He and his buddy had signs and they didn't get on camera or anything. But. They were there. You know because it's important. You have to see an ex punter, flexed, topless. So You gotta get You. Gotta line up like three, right? 2 30, 3 in the morning. Got It, get there. So that's What. So then they're the game But. That place was really loud. Great win by Oregon, Ohio State Rush is the field.


And my thing with rushing the field is I. I'm like, don't do It. yes. if you, if you're a 10 point underdog and you're playing the top five team, then You, you do it. Basketball or football. That was always my rule. They were like a three and a half point underdog. He rushed the field. He looked like he had the time of his life. But. I. Feel like I'm a curmudgeon with that. Are you that way too? Are you like, do you have like a, a standard You can talking debut. A pass rush or the or rush rush field. A rush can pass Rush field. Rush the field. yes. That was a pretty big game, man. How many times do two I know Well? That's the other Thing. yes. Two versus three. I. I'm for when it's giant games like That, I. Think when it's like, okay, little lower stakes, I'm not not as good with it. That, You, I.


Think I'm against It because I watched your documentary, the the Woodstock 99. Right? Right. And I was like, oh my god, What are these people doing now? I I. This is a little I. Don't like crowds But. I'm Also an old idiot. But. Anyway, so he time of his life, I Mean wasn't That the first time they beat a top two. It was huge. It was a huge one. can. It's a big one. What was your other one. Second one. So I'm headed to Dodger Stadium tomorrow. Right. And I'm bringing the kids with taking 'em outta school. I know I'm gonna get in trouble for saying that and I'm like nervous. It's a at day game. My son Jack who dressed as Grimace I, don't know if you remember I I. Think I sent You the clip back in June. We went to Anaheim, they played the Angels.


He dressed as Grimace. He was getting high fives. I did this parent corner before. yes, It was the time of his life. He wants to do it again tomorrow. And I was like, listen, this is different. And you know, he like sees Grimace on the seven train in New. York getting mobbed. And he see you know you and like you. All the good stuff. And he remembers Anaheim, But. I was like the angels with 20 games out. Yes. And it was over a hundred degrees. I'm like, someone's gonna stupid punch you can or spit on you or say something and I'm gonna be nervously watching. I'm gonna have to say something back and it's not good. And my wife was like, oh, well let's bring the costume in the clear bag. That, I'm allowed to bring in. And he, you just put It on the seat. I'm like, No. And the seat is No good. We're not in a luxury box. Here we're yes You know We. Average seats like don't I, don't wanna, you gotta have my back here.


You. Gotta have your wife text Melissa and say we can't, We can't Have him. It's a playoff on costume, No gimmicks for playoff Games and they're on the road. It's not, it's not gonna be well received. Also, like, What happens if you don't have leverage in the, in the fight in the stands, My wind top Well, if Somebody from behind you hecking the GR costumes, GMI is very good. Big You, you take care of yourself. Well. If It's behind you, remember grab the shirt upper cut. Okay, Can, all right, so you can saying You should get, and then You have a grimace, a g grimace. Next, we you like finishing them off, like just hammering. So you're saying if We get the highest seats in the, in the joint, He's last row You. Gotta be last row. We're good. Nobody you be behind you. That's Good. That seems like a win win-win for everybody.


All right. I Don's I, AMM anti gimmick for an actual playoff game. Thank You. Okay. Yes. Anti grima, anti gimmick. That's It. I'm gonna have to Tell. Now it's like I'm gonna get in trouble. can my parent corner as usual for the sixth straight week? I can't do any of the ones involving my son. Oh, you can gonna have to go to the dark web for that one. So my mom as You know, s I'm half Italian. Sure. That a joke. The Italians are different breeds. The closest pop culture has ever come. New capturing it, which they captured fully was the Sopranos. All the fucking weirdness with Italian families. Just all the guilt trips, all the fucking dark shit. It's all, it's all there.


So your mother Has You killed your mother eventually puts a hit on You. I mean she might don't roll it out. She's still alive. So house was coming this week and my mom loves house. you and can House, loves to eat. And I was like, You know You haven't cooked in a while. House is coming like, you know, and Kyle, and it's Drake May's first game you like, if there was ever a week You, were gonna cook. This is it. So I didn't hear back and then I texted later, I'm like, Hey, are you gonna cook for us? And she sent me a short text back. Well, you guilt tripped me enough. So I guess I have to s no, we're immediately, we're immediately on that ground. So during the game today, she showed up with a bunch of food during the, during the late games doorbell rang, brought in, didn't wanna stay.


She made ravioli, als meatballs, big thing of rice pudding, put all of it in, brought some some bread. And, and It was really great. And, and then made a point again of how I guilt tripped her and how she spent two days making everything I. Don't know if I totally believed the two days But. That's fine. And it was all delicious. And Joe, House ate a lot. And now he's, he's like, Bobby Bala on the couch right now as you do this podcast. I. Dunno how much he, he Couldn't even get up to say I. He, he ate a ton But. It was great. And the lesson as always is guilt trips work in Italian families Can, whether you can the son or the parent Right?


can or the kid can Can But she did on the way out. She's like, you you come by and see me every once in a while. yes. Keep in mind I was gone. I was literally gone for eight days. It was in the East coast for eight days. But somehow It was my fault. That No I call it a couple times. But, you Visit your mom and you'll get Braul is the, is the bottom line here. The guilt trips. I don't know. They What. Other ethnicities have guilt trips. Jewish. Yes. Jewish Because, oh, so you have Bo so you have both sides. Old I have sides. My mother's Jewish, my father's Italian. And It is just a clash of, it's a guilt trip around the world is What. It is Crazy. Here's my other parent corner. This is more of a husband corner. My my wife went to go see my daughter today and did a 7:00 AM flight.


So I was like, all right, packed the night before. Put everything outside our bedroom so that you don't wake up. I gotta wake up earlier for this Jags. Pats the Jags London game. But, if you do everything the night before, you'll sneak out. You won't wake me up and it'll, it'll, and she's like, No, No. That's why I'm not gonna wake up. That'll be good. And It must, it was five minutes in she 4 45. I'm wide awake. She's like, ah, where's It? Oh my God. And she's like, she's swearing at herself in the bathroom. 'cause she misplaced something. So I've been up since 4 45 this morning. Well, it's worse. The guilt trip or the, the exclamations looking for a hairbrush.


Well, does your wife do the, do the monologue? The monologue you to their self when they're frustrated? yes. From room to room? yes. yes. Guys don't do this. No. I don't think so. This is like a specifically more toward Maybe, just our wives and other But. yes, they, it's just this running monologue where they I don't know who they're talking to. And We can't I agree, can't hear You just hear muffled like anguished arguing with No other person in the room. I feel Like if I did That she'd put me in an insane asylum. But can. She gets car Blanche, she gets to be able to do That. Oh my God. And now I can't find my keys. And it's like this But, we you can is Netflix movie. You're the narrator of like What. There's nobody else here. It's just me.


Yes. re Like it. So I don't know. There's gotta be some reason for the monologue. you like That I think they want us to hear yes Down. can you Deep? Because sometimes they'll do this stuff like, well I guess I. I. Guess I'll be the one who cleans up the kitchen again. And you'll be like, all right, That was directed at me. But. Then there's other times where they're not really talking to anybody. It's just like outer monologue Can But if you bring It up to them, It doesn't go Well win. Probability of winning That argument is zero. Is zero. yes. Kyle, Kyle's only the Kyle doesn't, hasn't had kids yet. But. He did get married last year. Kyle, does your wife just have monologues with herself? That, you're not involved in No.


Actually this was kind of a moment. I. Think I might be the monologue guy. So I'm gonna work. Really You can the monologue guy. Interesting. So Maybe, it's Maybe, it's one spouse in the couple as the monologue. Yes. You You claimed your turf there as a, as a monologue. Kyle did. Can My wife like, like just clearly the monologue in our family can So Maybe Maybe Kyle Was like rabbits and stuff though too. So See instead of people giving us feedback on when probability, this is What I want feedback on. Right? Who's the, who's the monologues in your relationship? Yes. 'cause there's always one Can It can't be two. 'cause then You just You drive each other nuts all the time. And then Maybe, when You turn like 75 ev, everyone becomes a monologue.


Is this Why Brad didn't get married? 'cause he's just having a monologue with himself. Doesn't need need another Person in the room. Just a lot. A lot of personalities there. can Brad or my wife, your wife and Kyle. Those are our four examples so far. If you Brad, you Brad has never caught a 7:00 AM or 7:00 PM flight. They're both two early Can Next time The 7:00 AM flight's not Happily. yes. Anyway, yes. That was Parent Corner. We gotta plug this week Sal against the come back. There we go. Come on, let's get some wins here. Let's make this exciting. But we have Against All Odds Podcast and the Ringer Podcast Network right here through the Ringer with Tate Frazier. The Ringer pregame show.


I hit an SGP Simmons. When the hell is that app? The Chargers s yes. That was fun. And on Cousin Als winning weekend I'm interviewing Anthony Richardson. Oh, interesting. It is interesting. What is that Well? It's Tuesday and I mean it airs Friday. So What What Do I say debut his availability? It's a little, it's a little tricky. Hmm. Maybe, I'll figure out Maybe just talk debut the combine You. yes, yes, yes. I'll, I'll ask, are you Ready?


Are you ready for me to become an N NBA A Hole again or No? No. No. Oh you can do It already. You're already sending texts. s debut What. You put in on FanDuel and stuff. OKC And I was back east. All this, it's all of a sudden it's, it's really easy to just make some crazy bets. They have won seeds. All stuff where We, we'll be talking debut this week in the po.


Alright, I, love It S good luck with the Mets. Good job by you. Good job by you buddy. Thanks to Kyle Creighton for producing as o Always thanks to Steve Sru and AU as Well. Don't forget You, you subscribe to this YouTube feed and then you wouldn't be surprised when we pop on there. And I'll be back on this podcast on Tuesday. Bye Everybody


Must be 21 plus in President select states for Kansas and affiliation with Kansas Star Casino or 18 plus in President DC. Gambling problem. Call 100 gambler Visit rg help.com. Call 1 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or Visit cpg.org/chat in Connecticut or Visit md gambling help.org in Maryland. Hope is here. Visit gambling helpline ma.org or call 803 2 7 50 50 for twenty four seven. Support Massachusetts. Or call 1 8 7 7 8 Hope ny. Or text Hope NY in New York.