
Coming up some NFL million dollar picks NBA. We'll try not to make fun of the Yankees. It's all next. It's The Bill Simmons Podcast.


Presented by FanDuel Football is in full action. FanDuel's highest rated sports book is the best place to bet it all. We've been doing pretty well on million dollar picks this year. I love the first month of the season because you have to go into the season thinking. I think Pittsburgh's gonna be good. I think the Chargers are gonna be good. I think Seattle's gonna be good. And then trying to back what you think in those first few weeks. And then zag the other way. if you were wrong, you could bid on new and fun markets on FanDuel, like you catch a pass. Same game parlays highest scoring game across the Sunday Sleep offensive tds in the next drive. They have so much stuff, it's crazy. The app is safe and scary and easy to use. And when you win, you'll get paid instantly. Plus, look out for FanDuel Squares this season. Here's what you have to do. Visit FanDuel dot com slash bs to download America's number one sports book. The Ringer is committed to responsible gaming. Please visit rg help.com to learn more about the resources and helplines available and listen to the end of the episode. For additional details, you must be 21 plus and President Select states gambling problem called win hundred gambler or visit rg help.com.


This episode is brought to you by the 2025 Lincoln Aviator. SUV. Hmm, the 2025 Lincoln Aviator Nails that feeling. And next level confidence. The updated grill and sleek lights, total head Turners under the hood of refined twin Turbo V six powers you through with authority inside Pure Comfort plus three row seating, custom climate control available massage seats. Keep you ready to tackle whatever's next. Explore more@lincoln.com. Some models, trims and features may not be available or may be subject to change. Check with your local retailer For current information. Lincoln and Aviator are trademarks of Ford or its affiliates.


We're also brought to you by The Ringer. Podcast Network. I put up a new re watchable on Monday. We did Halloween four. you can check it out on The, Ringer movies, YouTube channel as well. We also put up the original Halloween episode that Chris Ryan and I did. That is on The Ringer movies, YouTube channel as well. We have a narrative podcast at The Ringer called Truth List. It's a storytelling show hosted by Brian Phillips about the lies that people tell. It's a little in the vein of like this American Life or heavyweight latest episode features Malcolm Gladwell telling a story about being a young journalist and being accused of lying when he told a funny story at The Moth. Plus, a new episode comes out Tuesday, November 5th on election day. So you can check out Truth List, you can check out the Bill Simmons YouTube channel because that's where we put all the videos and clips from this podcast up.


You know what, from a karma standpoint with my Boston teams, I really wanted to just roll around like a pig and shit in the Yankees, World Series, let's call it a collapse because they had a five nothing lead at home, home in a, in a must win game. And they completely blew it in the fifth inning, which I watched on Twitter today multiple times because Fox was kind enough to put a little montage of first you have judge just botching a fly ball, which was, you know, when you have Aaron Judge in center field, it's the kind of thing that happens. Then you have Volpe just whipping, whipping the force out against the rudder's legs.


That was when I was like, this is, I'm having a great time even though I have a team in the World Series. Then last but not least, grounded at first base. And Gary Cole just decides not to run over and cover it and all of a sudden it's five five. And you kind of knew how the game was gonna play out after that. But look man, I know it's spiteful. I hate the Yankees. I've hated that my whole life. They were the bane of every Red Sox fans existence for the first 35 years of my life. I wrote a book about this once called, now I Could Die In Peace. I wrote dozens of columns about this on my old website when I was ATP's page two. And you're not really truly a sports fan unless you hate a couple teams.


And it's not, it's not real hate, right? It's sports hate. I wrote a column about that once too. I sports hate the living hell outta the Yankees. And watching them collapse in Game five was honestly like it. It wasn't like the Red Sox winning a World Series, but it was like second level. It was very close. I didn't bet a nickel on this series. I didn't need to. I really wanted the Dodgers to win. I was actually very happy for our guy Mookie Bets and Dave Roberts as well. But, but watching the Yankees lose, this was my dream. My dream was for the Yankees to make the World Series against, you know, some dubious opponents, get to the World Series, raise their fans', hopes up, and then kick everybody in the nuts as hard as they could.


That was exactly what happened. And I, I'm just delirious happy today. Today's a great day. It's Halloween. One of my favorite days of the year, as you know. My favorite horror movie is Halloween. My son was almost born on Halloween. He was, he missed it by three and a half hours. I was so fired up for him to be born on Halloween night, and he just, he didn't deliver. But now he became a November 1st kid, which was great in his own right because it became like a little, almost like a two day birthday for him. But I love Halloween, celebrating Halloween today with, with, with wiping the tears of the Yankee fans off my body. It was just beautiful. And the best part is Soda's gonna leave.


And you had your one chance the judges hit in his mid thirties and you, you missed your window. And we're 15 years and counting with no Yankees, World Series. Oh my God, it's so great. I can't tell you what Dix, the Yankee fans were for the first 35 years of my life. And then it all changed in 2004 and it all flipped. And you've only won one World Series this, this century and is with Arod, who was such a crazy cheater that he got suspended for a year and now he's trying to buy the Timberwolves. And probably he's cheating to do that. Listen, I'm trying not to gloat, but I really loved all of this and thank you to the Dodgers. Thank you from the bottom of my heart for beating that team.


It was great. I had a great time. It was almost like having the Red Sox in the World Series, which by the way, the Mookie bets trade. I've never been the same and I'll probably never care about it. The Red Sox quite as much ever again because as you saw, it's really fucking stupid to trade Mookie bets. Just pay the dude when you have a top seven market. I've talked about that a million times, but I was happy for him. I don't think he ever wanna leave Boston. And, and that was the only bittersweet thing about last night. It's like, man, that guy should have been drafted by the Red Sox, played his whole career with the Red Sox and retired with the Red Sox. And instead our owners got super smart because they, they just thought they would outwit everybody. Oh no, no, we're selling high, we're selling high. He's gonna hit his thirties.


This is the history of baseball. You hit your thirties, you're not the same guy's like a generational, crazy great athlete, one of the great baseball players of the last 50 years. And we traded him for a bag of peanuts and it still pisses me off, but I wasn't gonna let that bring me down last night because the Dodgers beat the Yankees and the drought continues 15 years. No World Series. It's so beautiful. Anyway, here's what we have for the podcast today. We're gonna bring in Danny Kelly and Joe House. We're gonna talk about the goofy NFC West. We're gonna talk about MVP odds and some other award stuff. And then we're then house and I are gonna do a million dollar picks and then house stuck around and we ended up doing like 25 minutes about NBA over unders after 10 days, how things have shifted, why they shifted and, and who's in trouble.


And we might have made fun of the Sixers. So that's all next first our friends from World. All right, taping this on Thursday afternoon before we know what happens with the terrible jets and whatever happened on their Thursday night game. Danny Kelly is here, the second gentleman himself. Oh no, that was who he had on the Fantasy Football Podcast. Danny Kelly here. Joe House is here. We're gonna be doing a million dollar picks later.


And I know he loves the NFC West, so I invited him to join us as well. What's up house? How are you? I'm, I'm fantastic. I not to take the the conversation in the wrong direction. Went and watched the Washington Wizards sweep the Atlanta Hawks this week. So what a time to be alive in the Washington sports scene, fellas. Yeah, there's some Jordan Pool buzz. I don't know why he had to bring up the NBA when Danny lost his NBA team in Seattle. I know it feels like a day we adversarial to start Danny, we brought you on Well to talk football, but really the NFC West. Yeah. Which is confounding. It's confusing, it's annoying. I don't know what to make of it.


You could make a case for all four teams to win the division. Right? How, and I like a specific team that we'll get into, but for the division, the Niners are minus one 10. So basically even, and if you had said before the year you get the Niners at minus one 10 heading into week nine, you would've guessed something horrible had happened and something horrible has happened. They've had a lot of injuries. Arizona plus two 90, Seattle, five to one, Rams, five to one, and Seattle and the Rams are playing each other this Sunday. So when you hear those numbers for the division A, what's the best value of those odds? And B, where's your lean just in general?


I think my first thought was, I was a little surprised The Cardinals are second, even though I, they are technically in first place right now. The, the best value to me right now feels like the Rams probably. Mm. I think the Rams are that team in this division where if they catch fire, they've got like the veteran leadership, they've got the offense, they've got a couple good pass rushers that have really come along. They felt like the pieces to just be one of those teams that like makes life hard for everybody. So the Rams to me kind of scare me and, and they're playing my CX this week, so I'm kind of, I've, I've kind of got bad feeling about that one House. He said the magic word. The Rams, I hear you like team, both of us have been staring at all week five to win the win the division plus three 10 for the playoffs.


And a team that three weeks ago looked like maybe they were just gonna toss the season away. Maybe there were Cooper Cup trade rumors, which I never believed, but now there's some Rams Buzz House. Where do you stand? Oh, they're buzzing baby. And the funny thing is, just in the course of one week, these LA Rams, they were plus four 10 on the FanDuel Sports book to make the playoffs all the way down. And I think it's because of people like you, you are on the pod with Cousin Sal, you observed that the Rams might be frisky. I think that's picking up some momentum over the course of this week. And it also kind of fits our mind's eye a little bit, right? Their forecasted win total was around eight and a half coming into the season.


And nine wins would've had them very much in the conversation for the playoffs. We got thrown off the scent because they got decimated by injuries. Yeah. They were obliterated by injuries, especially on defense. So their defensive numbers are abysmal right now, but they're not reflective of what I think they're capable of on defense, which to me would be worrying if I was on the Seattle Seahawk side of things with their without abysmal offensive line that the Seahawks possessed. I'd be worried about this Rams pass rush. Yeah, Danny and I, we talked a lot about the Seahawks before the year. 'cause it felt like this division was live. Yeah. And it, it felt like the odds were outta whack and the Niners were too highly priced, especially with McCaffrey's injury status and just in general Super Bowl hangover.


But it was really hard to figure out who the team was. I'd like Seattle as the team that's Danny's team. So before we hit all these other teams, what happened with Seattle? Why wasn't this better? What, what went wrong? I know they can't block, I know they had a couple injuries to the defensive line at bad times. Metcalf was hurt last week, but, but why isn't this defense better? Why isn't the team better? I think that they, well there's just a lot of variables. You mentioned it, there's been a couple of injuries. I think their offensive line has been really bad, like maybe even worse than people were expecting. The pressure rates always just threw the roof every single game and it kind of makes Geno Smith have to do heroic type stuff and he hasn't really, he's had the ball bounce the wrong way.


Like a few too many times this year I felt like he's been playing pretty well but like not well enough kind of deal. And I still think the defense is just learning the system and learning this coach and they're still just trying to put it together. It's kind of one of those seasons where it just didn't all click like I had hoped it would click. You know, you, you saw a couple games in the beginning of the year when they played crappy quarterbacks. They looked pretty good. But as they've gotten further along into the schedule, you know, and, and they also had a bunch of injuries on their defensive line, they've just kind of fallen apart a little bit. I think the vibes are pretty bad right now with the Seahawk defense in particular. But I, you know, there's still a, I'd say like a plucky team that can, that could probably get a, a weird win or two the rest of the season but maybe lose some games that probably should win that, that kind of team where, you know, it just depends on the week if they click or not.


But I'm definitely less confident than I was at the beginning of the season than these these guys. I think I have 'em fourth right now in my head. And what is it, FPI, what's the one that does the playoff like possibilities of percentages and FPI is like way down on them. It was like 17% for them to make it. I think I would have them fourth. I'd have Arizona third, but you know, house, there's a slight case for Arizona. To me they're on the DNB don't bet. Do not bet list been burned on both sides with them a couple times. But they have played the toughest schedule in the week so far. They have shown the ability to kind of steal some games. They have the thirties easiest schedule the rest of the way.


I think I know what their identity is and I wanna talk identity with all four of these teams, but I don't know, like what if they go five and four this week, like could you see a world where they're the NFC West Champs house? No. Okay, good. I cannot and, and, and do not, I do wanna finish the thought with with Danny. I want him to help us BS you have a nice ticket on Seattle getting the eight wins, right? My, that was one of my biggest outlays in the, in the preseason. I still feel like eight wins fits your description, Danny of a plucky sort of, you know, couple unexpected wins. Yeah. Just to get us across the goal. It feels like the playoffs are probably kind of outta the picture, especially because I think the ram, what I expect out of the Rams this week, but can we get to eight wins Danny?


I still think so. You know, they, they've got, they've got the Cardinals twice, they've got the Jets, they have the Bears and the Rams twice. So if they split with the Rams, beat the Cardinals both times, which of course is, you know, that's projecting. Who knows if that will happen And then if they can beat the Jets, Well that, but that's the case for them, right? They've only played one NFC West game. So Yeah, you got five left. Let's say you go four and one in the NFC West all of a sudden. Yeah. All of a sudden that's possible. And also playing Arizona twice is great. When you asked me BS of what I think about the Cardinals, who, who, who the hell knows, they, they're on a three game winning streak where they won games by 1.2 points and one point and and they were winning games where like people are fumbling the ball into the end zone and their touch backs.


Yeah, you, you start when that shit starts happening, I don't know whether you're lucky or whether that's a sign you're just destined to go 10 and seven and have us bet against you in round one, which is what we'll be doing if Arizona makes round one, that would, I'm already excited about that house. I mean the, the crazy thing is I think there defense is significantly worse than, than the Seattle defense. Yeah, yeah. Sort of talent wise and scheme wise except Gannon's a pretty effing good coach and they, they have remained competitive, you know, over, over the stretch. So well from A-D-V-O-A standpoint, Niners are ninth, Seattle's 11th, Arizona's 20th and the Rams are 22nd. But that's not entirely fair because there's a couple weeks there where they were basically holding a, holding a team by bandaids and, and Scotch tape.


Danny talk identities with us. What is Seattle's identity right now? Just flinging the ball and hoping Kenneth Walker selfie and then you're just gonna give up points on defense and that's it. Yeah, I think they want to be like the Seahawks of old the smash mouth team that plays defense and can run the ball ball control, but they've sort of been forced into being a super heavy, super pass heavy team that relies on their offense to make plays and their defense hasn't been all that good. It's, it's comes up to their offensive line. Like they can't block, they're really terrible this year on early downs running the ball on early downs and in the first half and then they, they tend to get into these game scripts where they're throwing a lot either because they're coming from behind or just the run game isn't really working.


And so yeah, I think it just, their, their identity, they don't really have one. And that's probably kind of the problem here this year is they don't really have the identity that They looking for. I'm disappointed. I felt like their identity would be McDonald's and then chucking the ball. Yeah, yeah. And then maybe a little Kenneth Walker if he was healthy. But it seems like through eight weeks they're not sure how Arizona their identity is. Do not bet for or against them in any, in any game. Stay away. I mean other than stay away figuring out ways to, to get teams that they're going against at double digit, you know, score. Like you can put them in a, in teaser pieces, whoever they're playing against because they're, they're, they're not gonna win by margin. That's not who this Arizona Yeah.


Team is. So if you can get whoever they're playing against up over a touchdown, by all means do that. But otherwise stay, stay away. I mean, part of the challenge also, you know, we know the history with, with Kyler we're coming right up a a about to the point in the, in the season, right Danny? Yeah. Where you know it that that poor little guy, he is crazy talented, but the wear and tear starts to take its toll and there are dramatic splits over the entirety of his career between the first eight games and the remaining now, now nine games. Hmm. Well, so you have that. I I can't, I can't back them in good faith. The Rams, they've only played seven games.


They're three and four, they're not even 500. So to me, like if you like the Rams, you could do those long shot bets, but really you should just play them this week against the Seahawks. Right. And, and the, the feeling should be, they should be able to run the ball down Seattle's throat. They should be able to throw the ball to Cup and Nku and they should take care of business. Now if they lose that game all of a sudden, I I would say their playoff odds would be like 12 to one. What, what have been the matchups with Ram Seahawks over the years, Danny, that you remember? So Like if you go back, this is not necessarily like the last couple of years, but for a long time the NFC West is, I think you put its like rock paper, scissors.


Yeah. The Seahawks used to dominate the 49 ERs. The 49 ERs would dominate the Rams. The Rams would dominate the Seahawks and then the Cardinals were kind of just all over the place. And it's, it's not been quite as clear the last few years. The 49 ERs have started to dominate the Seahawks over the last few years. But the Rams have always kind of seemed to have the Seahawks number for whatever reason. It's just like even going back to the days when the Rams were like a two or three or four win team, the Seahawks would always drop one to, to the Rams every year. Right. They just, this is a team, these two teams like hate each other. It's, it's, it's a, a rivalry that goes back and went. Like none of the same players are still around, but they still like hate each other. And so yeah, every time I I, if you talk to any Seahawk fans, I think they're just like, oh God, we have to play the Rams hate playing the Rams Well McVay owned car.


And it seemed like that might've been, I know the respect is there, but it did feel like it might be personal in the sense that McVay used those games against Carol as referendum as a measuring stick. Like yeah, I respect you Pete Carroll, but I'm going to come in here and innovate your ass to death. And I feel like that's, that's the way the Rams have have done It. And you could make an argument that Carroll's inability to compete against McVeigh and Shanahan the last like three or four years killed them was the reason he was he's gone now. Yeah. It's just like he, he just couldn't really keep up. It's like they were playing like a different era of football for some reason. You know, these two offenses, just the Seahawks could never really stop them in the last few years. That's a really good point. Well and that's one of the reasons, like when we talk about identities, to me the Rams identity now that they have their guys back is McVay.


They, they're always, they're always gonna be super well coached in any tight game. Yeah. I always feel like they're gonna get third and seven, third and sixth, third and eight. Like they're just gonna keep the chains moving and they look a lot like where they were last year when they started to come on. Right. And the problem is you have to approach it almost game to game. Which is like, I I like betting them game to game more than some of those future odds because I don't know how many games in a row Cups gonna play. I don't trust Puka. Like even yesterday, if you looked at, or last week when you looked at the way they're using Puka, like he's like the lead blocker for them. Like that dude take that dude's in 20 collisions a game. He gets the absolute shit kicked out of himself every game.


I swear to God it's Amazing. He's Like, he's like, there's at least one shot every game where it like pans to puka on the ground and he is like slowly like doing like a pushup off the ground. Like oh God, that really Hurt, hurt. He's like killing himself off the field. Yeah, He, I mean he is a tough, tough guy but like he just takes some shots. Well 'cause he plays wide receiver like he's a linebacker. Totally, totally. I mean he's, he is seeking contact. He he looks to, to impose his physicality wi with the football. That's what makes him such a, such a unicorn. One other thing with the Rams that really will sort of tilt their fate is the health of that offensive line because it it they have restored some health BS guess how many Sacks?


The sack happy, the blitz Happy Minnesota Vikings had against Matthew Stafford and the Rams last Thursday night. It was a low number. Right. if you think zero is a low number, you are correct no sacks for that offensive line against that Flores defense that's getting the job done. And if Matthew Stafford, he doesn't need very much time when he has those two boys. The other aspect will be Ky Kieran Williams remaining healthy. I said his name right, right. Kyron Kyron. It's Kyron. I've got house, I've gotten him wrong for, you know, for two Years. I mean it's what we do. You just think it's like Kyrie but Kyron. Okay great. Kyron, I got it.


Kyron Williams. I really like him. Me too. Yeah, I think he's Good. You like touchdowns? He'll gimme touchdowns. Yeah, he scores. He's one of those guys that just swings a fantasy league and you don't totally realize it until the champ. You realize that that guy's on the Team Ram's schedule, they have some stinkers left, which I think is one of the reasons people, people like them as a sleeper. They still are playing everyone in the A FCE. So you have the Buffalo game but then you also get the Three Stooges in there as well. They're playing New Orleans, they still have Arizona at home and they still have Seattle at home and their only road game in the division is San Francisco.


So, you know, I I I, and we're gonna talk about the Niners in a second, but a big question is, is it gonna be nine, nine wins for this division or 10? Because 10 10 means they have to go seven and three down the stretch. But if you look at the schedule seven and three seems realistic to me. If they're healthy, if it's nine now it's six and four. That seems way better and we don't know. All right. San Francisco, so they're four and four. I officially gave them year from hell status two weeks ago. Yeah. IU just out of nowhere. He's out. Greenlaw Ang, Hargrave Jennings is now out for a couple weeks.


They're claiming McCaffrey might be back soon. McCaffrey was on a, a foreign, yeah, I think he was in Germany. I think he went to Iceland. I think he went to Mexico. I think he went to Argentina. God only knows just to get his Achilles fixed. I don't trust him at all. Jordan Mason lasted a couple weeks. He got hurt. Is it more realistic for you that they write the ship or that this is the year from hell Danny, if you ha if I only gave you those two options that in Dec mid-December they'll be fine and we're like, oh man, remember when we counted out the Niners or in mid-December we're going, why didn't we know this was gonna happen? Everybody in the team's injured. What, which scenario would you pick? I would pick They'll right the ship probably.


I think I Okay. Why? I just think they're still too talented on both sides of the ball. I know they've been hurt a bunch, but even with like the skeleton crew that they're running, they still, they're still really good. They're still, I think I saw their sixth and Devi weight right now. Like yeah that's, despite all the injuries, that's despite missing McCaffrey, I think Shanahan can still call a hell of an offense and you know, Purdy's actually been playing better than I would've expected given all the injuries and given the fact that they're like basically putting it on his shoulders. I think last year they led the NFL in yards after they catch it was basically like Purdy just gives all your guys and let them do the work and this year he's doing like the heavy lifting for the offense. And so, you know, he, he's not gonna be like perfect what by any means.


But I've actually been more impressed with him this year than I was last year just because he just doesn't have as much help think I, By the way, I feel the same way. The three pick game was really bad. I thought that was the worst game he is played now. He is missing a lot of weapons, but I was really all in on like him even as like maybe a sleeper MVP candidate if he could keep them around 11 wins. But I think that game knocked them out probably. Right. I think. But but generally speaking they still have like all the pieces to dominate this division I think. And despite the injuries they've got guys Coming up. Like Ricky Pearsall looked pretty good in this last game he did coming back from getting shot like Right. That's wild. And you know, Deebo, he's, he's in and out, but he gives them a different element when he is healthy and he can line up in the backfield and, and obviously when McCaffrey comes back, like he just makes it so hard to defend that offense.


Like anytime they're in third and medium, like it's McCaffrey just getting them first downs, you know, like Kittle is playing like the best tight end in NFL right now and you know, I just think they, they still have all the p they still have enough pieces to, to be the best team in this division pretty easily. All right, so what he just laid out house. Are we gonna feel stupid if McCaffrey comes back in week 11 and looks awesome and we had this one week window to buy the Niners on a bye week at minus one 10 to win the division. We won't feel stupid 'cause we'll just buy them. Like why, why not go ahead and do it? It's a cheap price go. It's not gonna get any better than this. And I, I do think on the defensive side especially, they still have Fred Warner, Fred Effing Warner.


Like he, he should be in the defensive player of the year conversation as long as he is upright and and Bosa. Yeah. And and Bosa and, and Greenlaw is supposed to come back still this season, right? Isn't that still in the cards Danny? No, I don't know the season May it's one of those, yeah, we could see him again, but I, you know. Well what about Hokas supposed to be back. He's not done for the season, is he? They're concerned about it. Okay. I I was researching that today. He's definitely gone for a while but he, I mean he could be back from January but it's not gonna help him for the season. I wanna ask this question because it was curious to me, why weren't the Niners in the bidding for Deontay Johnson from from Carolina?


Why, why, why did he go so cheaply to the Ravens and why wouldn't a team like the the Niners, who is you, you, they're, they're always around the hoop in terms of like strategically grabbing assets when they come available. What, what, where were they on this and why weren't they in the mix? My guess would probably be that he is kind of a knucklehead. Okay. And he, it's not, probably not the best blocker I you the, the 49 ERs ask a lot of their running backs. You know, they really ask him to like stick their face in the fan in the run game and, and really get up there. And for The receivers you mean? Yeah, yeah. Sorry, The receivers. Yeah. Yeah. We knew they're like out there blocking and clearing lanes and doing the dirty work and, and you know, we saw Iuk was in the doghouse for like a full year early on in his career.


'cause he wasn't like working hard enough in, in the run game and doing the things that he, the little things. And, and I think that generally speaking, like when you see a guy go for peanuts like that, there's probably, you know, off the field stuff that's happening. I, I'm just guessing, but like, I don't understand 'cause he's doing enough production to like, you'd think it would warrant a bigger price than that. But like House I have a, I have a, a less diplomatic answer. He sucks. I I don't think he sucks, but I, I do think that that it has to be something. The Steelers were like, we would rather not have him and roll the dice with Isaac Austin and these other random dudes on our team other than have this guy again. So that's all that speaks. I try, I stand with Mike Tomlin at all times. I think that's, that means he's a knucklehead.


Yeah. Or that his experience in Pittsburgh, there's still a growing up element that needs to occur. And it didn't What what that that trade didn't happen in Carolina that trade. You, you get a comp compensatory pick in the off season if you signed somewhere else that's like Baltimore literally didn't give up anything, but they were like, all right, we'll roll the dice. Why not? They Literally gave him, they gave Deontay Johnson to the Ravens. Like Yeah, you can't find like a smaller trade package than trade up from the sixth to the fifth or whatever. It's like 15 spots. Yeah. And by the way, Panthers, you didn't need to like make a tank trade. You're already like one of the worst teams of the last five years. Danny. Is this the, is this the worst team since you've been working for us? The Carolina Panthers 'cause house.


We're doing a million dollar pixel later and House wants to put the Saints in a tease against the Panthers and doesn't even care who the Saints quarterback is. And I'm like, yeah, hold on. Like I actually, I can't put Spencer Rattler in a tease just to add a principle, but the theory is just like Raheem said, his model had them 16 points behind every other team in the league. Are they that bad? Yeah, I think they are like simply put is a, a once in a lifetime opportunity. They, they make every quarterback look like his future hall of favor. I mean they, they made Caleb Williams look incredible and then I think the next week or whatever he really, really struggled. Or maybe it was a two week stretch. But yeah, I mean every, every time a quarterback Bo Nicks looks like his future hall of famer going up against his team.


So, Well maybe he's, I'd say they're pretty bad. If you, if you had to pick, so every year between week eight, week nine, there's some team that looks like they're dead in the water, right? Last year was Green Bay, I think they were like three and six after nine games. This happens all the time. It's a two and six team. It's a three and six team, it's a three and five team. And people would just look at it this year and go, oh, it's gotta be the Bengals. Oh, that's the team, right? They're three and five. When t Higgins is actually playing their offense can move the ball on anybody. Like don't, don't, don't count them out yet they had that dumb loss to the Chiefs.


Like it's not really a three in five team. That's the team. Is there another team you would point to that's under 500 that you think has a little bit of a sleeper vibe? That's a great question. How we feel about the Browns with this new like the Browns Renaissance? Let's, let's fucking have the conversation. Let's, hey, let's have it right now. That is the answer. The answer is The Browns the vibes. The vibes with the Browns. I don't think you could find like the Panthers vibes were better than the Browns vibes for like the first however many weeks that Deshaun Watson was starting. Like it was like this can't get worse every stat you looked at it, we make the joke on our, on our fantasy show that like Austin Gale is, is taking down the power grid, running these searches trying to figure out like how bad Deshaun Watson is compared to every other quarterback in history.


Like the stats were incredible and Jamis Winston is like the polar opposite in terms of vibes. Like he's lifting everybody up. Like, I don't know, I think he just gives them an opportunity, kind of like what we saw last year with Flaco where it just gives 'em an opportunity to, to play defense and have more energy and, and kind of do the things that they're, they wanna do on offense because, and not have Your soul suck outta your body as you watch hundred everybody offense. Yeah. Yeah. Like no one wanted to play with that guy and he didn't wanna play like this just completely changes everything for the brown. I don't, I don't know if they're in too big of a hole now to take it Out of it. Can I, I counter this 'cause I was right there with you and then I was doing the research this morning. I, Denzel Ward had another fucking concussion. I know that's, yeah. Such a armor. He had one in the preseason and you know, it was like, I think his fifth reported one, but it might have even God I only know so many he is actually had, and when he had one in the preseason, I was like, is he gonna retire?


Like that seems like too many now he has another one. So he's out and I, you know, he's obviously incredibly important to them. And then they lost JOK too. He's out for this Chargers game. So I, I wonder like defensively, 'cause I like the Browns at home and house and I, the la especially last year like that Browns defense at home, we were, we were riding them a few weeks but if they don't have those two guys, yeah, I'm a little more nervous house. You're bullish on the Browns I can tell on, on a week to week basis. And you know, part of the thesis here is they finally have restored health on their offensive line. Yeah. And their offensive line in the preseason forecast was part of the rationale for why they could, you know, kind of threaten once again, I mean they were always the third team at best in the A FC north but still an eight to nine win team potentially because of that offensive line.


Because at some point Chubb will come back and because you know, the forecast was that Watson would just be league average. Well he, he wasn't league average. Right. But that restored health to that offensive line timing wise occurring simultaneously with the return of Nick Chubb who's still getting his legs back under him. And then you layer on top of that the immeasurable impact of, of Jameis, which is going to cut both ways. Right. Let there be no doubt Right. He will throw them into some losses a thousand percent. So the right way to play the Browns is not any futures about making maybe playoffs an underdog. Yeah. You just look for opportunities to play them game by game.


The other problem with them, they have five road games left at New Orleans, which might be a little tougher than it seems right now of cars back. But then they're at Denver on a Monday night at Pittsburgh at Cincy at Baltimore. But then they, they also have a home games against Pitt and Kansas City in the Miami Week 17 who might actually be a little better than they are now. So. it feels like there's been too much damage with them. Yeah. I think if they had their defense, I'd be a little more excited. I'll tell you the other team I was looking at and then they traded their left tackle was Jacksonville the freaking the team that keeps sucking you in. But you know, like they had a couple dumb losses. The schedule gets a little easier second half.


But when they traded their starting left tackle, I was like, oh they're done. This is, this is a wrap Minnesota's like we need a left tackle. And Jacksonville was like, would you like our starter? And once they did that, I, I thought I was out get Would does indie count for this conversation? I know they're four and four, but Yeah, I thought about them. It's it's almost the exact same situation. It's like Flaco did this last year with the, with the Browns. Yeah. Rejuvenate an offense that's been stagnant because of the, either the struggling rookie or struggling second year guy or you know, obviously last year was Deshaun for a while. How About can we go with floundering instead of struggling? Yes. When you're completing 44% of your passes, I I need floundering.


Yes, yes. As my adjective That works a little bit better. But yeah, I mean I I think, you know, they've got, they've got a ton of talent on offense and if, if Flaco can do the thing where he is just like distributing the football. Jonathan Taylor looked awesome last game. Like they could, they could marry the run game with the past game. Josh Downs I think has been a revelation. Michael Pittman hasn't done anything this year, but he could Maybe, you know, do a lot better with, with Flacco feeding him the football and you know, I think they're the, they're the type of team that could scratch their way to nine wins probably. I, I don't know. What do you think? Well I wish they weren't playing Minnesota this week 'cause I keep getting flashbacks to that Browns playoff game when Flacco is just under siege and completely fell apart.


House is nodding. Did you, were you thinking the same thing? Yeah, my, I really wanted to take them this week and I just couldn't get that game outta my head. It's literally the reason that has me tapping the brakes entirely on my forecast for them for the rest of the season because if Joe Flacco gets beat up, gets beat to all hell in this next game against Minnesota, who is going to blitz the daylights out of it, right? And the cold saw have a great offensive line, but this is a different animal what Minnesota's gonna bring to bear and we just watched, you know, Houston did a good job of of, of applying some pressure. Joe f Flaco can't move. Anthony Richardson at least was able to evade some pressure. Maybe not great decision making, but for sure able to to work his way.


Flaco is, is is immobile as immobile as they get if he gets dinged up one time. What if we're back with Anthony Richardson against our will? That is not a ticket that I want to have in my hand. They're, I do like the Colt's talent. Like I, me too. I kind of, I like their receivers. I think they can really run the ball. Even their backup running backs can run the ball. Their defense has gotten much better the last few weeks. Like I've watched them in these games feeling like they should be winning the games and Richardson was just so atrocious last week. I mean he just, that was it. They had to bench him. Their, their schedule is tough. This, it makes it tough. I can, you can kind of like look at their schedule and say like, oh I kind of see why they benched Richardson at this point because they have the Vikings next week they have the bills after that.


The Jets defense, which you know, hasn't been as good as I think we expected, but they could still play. And then the Lions the week after that. So they got, they got a tough month ahead here that against some really good opponents that could make like, maybe they're just like trying to, trying to preserve Richardson's sanity a little bit here as well. Well 'cause Especially with some of the Houston injuries and Houston's a huge favorite at least on FanDuel to win the division. I was like, ah, I dunno. Danny stick around 'cause I wanna go over MVP odds with you in house. We're gonna take a quick break.


The Bill Simmons Podcast brought to you by FanDuel. What's better than touchdowns? Touchdowns with a boost and with FanDuel you can make your touchdown bet an even bigger one with a 30% gr profit spike. Wow, that's hard to say. A 30% Gronk profit spike. We won this last week by the way, with k.plus 180 got an even bigger payout on your next anytime touchdown bet because when you get into the end zone with your guy, you'll win big. And all I have to do is visit FanDuel dot com slash bs to download America's number one Sportsbook FanDuel official partner of the NFL. You must be 21 plus and president in select states or 18 plus in president in DC Opt-in required max wager amount applies bonus issued as non withdraw profit. Boost tokens restrictions apply including token expiration. See turns for both offers@sportsbookdot.com game prom call 100 gambler visit rg help do com


This episode is brought to by Mick Loeb, ULTRA the NB a's back. And you know what that means? So is Mick Loeb ULTRA courtside. It gets fans closer to the game, the stories, the players, the celebrations and it's a pretty damn good beer. Stock up your fridge with Mick low B ULTRA and be ready for the big plays all season long. Learn negative. Get closer to the action by visiting mick low b ULTRA dot com slash courtside. MLO b ULTRA superior access Courtside 24 25 sweepstakes, no purchase necessary. Open to us residence 21 plus begins on 10. 1 24 goes through 7 1 25. Visit mick locher.com/courtside for free Entry, entry D deadlines and official rules. Void we're prohibited.


Alright, MVP odds. So Dund and Raheem talked about this on the Wednesday episode of the Hook on The Ringer gambling show. Good, good title by the way. I love when we have good titles for our shows. We were talking about MVPs a week ago and I thought Lamar was in the driver's seat and then they blew that stupid game on Sunday and I think that knocked them out. And yet I don't know who the MVP is and Vanel doesn't really seem to know either. Josh Allen's plus two 70 Lamars plus three 10 with a harder schedule coming. Mahomes is five to one having probably the worst season of his career even though the Chiefs are winning Goff six to one, Daniels is nine to one. CJ Strau is 13 to one.


Dund made a really interesting case for Hertz at 20 to one because the next six defenses he is playing are are are all terrible. Mm. And he might be able to actually cook the next six weeks and if the Eagles go on a little run, maybe Brock Purdy's 22 to one goes on down the line. We as you know, defensive players aren't allowed to win this award, but we don't really have somebody I would go, oh, that guy's probably gonna win. Is there anybody you're looking at at this point? I mean, yeah, the one guy I think that I kind of just like circled there is James Daniels just because of all the narratives around him. You know, like, I don't know, I don't think he'll actually hold House just ejaculated.


We have to, we have to take another break. Don't Some towels. I don't think he will win, but just, you know, the, he it's like, they feel like they're the team of destiny this year almost that that wild, you know, game-winning throw the other day. Like just the way that they're playing the, the way that they're executing on third and fourth down, like at truly historic rates. Like I it is probably not going to last, but right now, just narrative wise and excitement wise and you know, all that, he kind of was the one that stood out there. I I think the obvious one, you know, suing, Thanks for sucking up the house by the way. That was great. Yeah. Yeah. Got, I'm so mad I don't have them to win the division. I stared at it all summer and I just, you asked me, I asked you, you sent a note.


You know what I said? You said I can't name more than two players on our defense. Yeah. I mean I could name 'em and I would say they suck. I mean, I could have named them then. Right? I told you the defense isn't any good. You, you can't invest in the team in the, in that preseason with that. Yeah. I started off this show talking about the wizards be as a joke because I am still coming down from the high of the miracle in Maryland. What are we talking about? It's the sea where all day baby. But in these betting markets, BS knows this. It's a, it's a house tradition to have tickets, multiple tickets. And I absolutely must have some, some, some Josh Allen because that's the best, that's the most likely, that's the narrative.


He has deserved it in the past. That makes it easy for everybody. I also think Jared Goff, if Detroit ends up at 14 and three and, and lands the, the the one seed, I think there's a decent case and he reels off a couple more of these games where he's nearly a hundred percent completion. Now we have to get indoors this week outdoors. Yeah. No siry, but we'll we, we will get back indoors for golf. And then I love the Hertz case. I think that, that the Eagles are super ones good alive. Yeah, it's a great price. And I have them, I'm a bum. I bought 'em at 16 to one in the summer, 20 to one. Might as well double up look at that secondary for the Eagles.


That's the thing for them that's gonna turn, that is slowly coming together. They are understanding a little bit of what Mr. Fangio wants out of them and I think that Eagles defense is gonna be a propulsive kind of a force for them down down the stretch. David seems disgusted by this. No, no, no, I think that's fine. I I have a question. Think we're fine. About 30 to one Jordan Love is he, has he missed too much time already to win it or if he like, because isn't this like typically kind of a how you do down the stretch award He'd have to win. He'd have to have a huge game this week against the Lions at home and beat the lions and throw for 340 yards. I just think that Now get it going The way that he plays the kind of like he's like f it there, he's down there somewhere, you know, type of attitude he has.


It wouldn't be all that surprising to see him go on kind of like a tear down the stretch. The do You feel, do feel like he's been playing that well though? Because I don't No, not, not particularly but I think he could put up stats. Yeah. I think like, and he has such a, he's in such a good system with so many good weapons around him and I think he's been really banged up and if he gets healthy and then starts to like put it all together down the stretch again, like it, it's kind of like how you finish, I think a lot of the time kind of influences this. And if, I think the Packers are really good. I think they have one of the best play callers in the NFL and they have weapons So it. It's such a good point. Yeah, it's such a good point because literally last season the MVP was decided on Christmas when the Ravens went in and beat the hell out of, remember we changed our opinion every week for like five weeks in a row, right?


Yeah, right. I have a Kyle turn the, turn the camera on even though it's already on. What is Kansas City's record? How high does it go before? Mahomes just has to be the MVP. Like what if they go 17 and oh Yeah, 16 and one. Like what if they're 16 and one? Does he just automatically have to get it? What if they have a four win advantage over every other team in the league? And then we look at their actual scope position players and we're like, oh, they have 45-year-old Kelsey, a rookie worthy, the wide rice was out the whole year. Here's Hopkins. He can't get open, but it'll catch stuff in traffic.


Ju Smith Schuster waved by the Pats. A bunch of random running backs that were either on the waiver wire or not drafted. Like maybe it should be Mahomes. No, he Has eight. He has eight touchdowns and nine picks this year. I mean he he's gonna end up much better I'm sure. But it would be funny, it would be funny if that was the case. It's annoying. It's too stupid. The MVP for the, the, the Chiefs is the defense Spa should win. MVP is give it to Chris Jones as a player and, and spags it. Just call the, the award, the MVO. It's not, there's no p it's not for the most valuable player, the most valuable players for the chief throw on the defensive side of the ball.


They've been effing dominant and there's, as long as they have health, and I'm gonna knock on wood, they're for sure gonna be right. You know, absolutely fine. It's how they won the Super Bowl. I mean that plus the seven fumbles coming their way. Well can we go through their schedule here? Because I didn't realize this till I was doing the research last night and today. So they're playing Tampa Monday night. Big favorites Denver home. They're at Buffalo Week 11. So that's a red flagger. That's, that's a possible one. But then they're at Carolina Home. Vegas Home Chargers at Cleveland Home Houston and then at Pittsburgh four days later I would say would be the other really dangerous one. And then home Denver week 18.


But we haven't had one of these in a while where the team, like, remember in the two thousands it felt like this was happening every year. Like we would have these cults years where they were like 12 and oh, the oh seven Pats. I don't remember us having one of these in a while. And I, I don't really know the reasons for that other than maybe there's just more variance with the games now. But this chiefs team, I don't know, I I I could see them being like 13 and oh and us kind of looking at each other. They're going, wait, what does this mean? Does this mean they reads the coach of the year now and Mahomes is MVP? I don't know, I don't know the answer. What, what's the stat that you really like? Where it's like when he is down 10 points, he is like undefeated or something like that in the fourth quarter. He Mahomes is like that magic about him that you just can't really figure out Under stat, under stat's the best stat where he is.


He's only not covered once when he's been an underdog since he's been in the league like that. Brady used to have the same shit. It's like, don't make these guys underdogs. It's stupid. But the, the, what were you gonna say? The league, the league ruined this. The league ruined the possibility of, of any team going undefeated because of the stupid Wednesday Christmas game. They there, there's no cha. In fact, if I was involved with the chiefs and we, you know, we were coming into that game undefeated, I might seriously consider resting everybody on Christmas. I might seriously consider taking the starters, letting them have Christmas with their effing families. Grab 10 guys from the practice squad and tell the NFL down. Go over Greg. The, the point is not to win on Christmas.


The point is to win the Super Bowl. The point is to be successful in the playoffs and coming off of, what is it Saturday? The, to to, to Wednesday. Yeah. It's, it's, it's, it's goddamn preposterous. It's, it's terrible for the players. Well, remember the dialogue about this. I remember writing multiple columns about this in the late two thousands. 'cause the Pats played it one way. They went for it and then they really wore down over the o end of the season, the playoffs. And then the Colts did it the other way and they were like, we're throwing it away. We don't care. And then that backfired too. And it's like, there's basically no way, you're basically best off losing in like, week 11 is the way to play it. So maybe they just have to throw the Buffalo game. But yeah, I think the schedule for some reason isn't that hard.


Especially when you have, you're in the same division as Vegas and the Chargers in Denver, you know, not to mention all the other stuff. So Coach of the Year is another one where it just seems like it has to go to the team that, or like the Dan Quinn, it's like, oh, they won six games, five games last year. They've won 11 this year. He's the coach of the year. But that's another one where it's like, well why shouldn't Andy Reed win this if they go 15 and two or 16 to one? I would make a case for Tom though. If they're, if they're in the twelves, I mean his quarterbacks are Justin Fields and Russell Wilson, they, they're paying two and a half million dollars combined for their quarterbacks.


Nobody, nobody else in the league is doing that. So I they would be in there too. Who else would you have? Danny, Give me the gimme like the favorites right now. So it's like Dan Quinn, KOC for the Vikings. Yeah. Maybe. you gotta have KOC up there. The real KOC. How do we feel about like, I, the, the Chargers and FanDuel doesn't have it right now. Oh, there, it's Dan Quinn's favorite plus 1 95 Sean Peyton plus six 50 Tomlins plus seven 50. Campbell nine to one. O'Connell is nine to one, but he is dropping, Andy Reed is nine to one even though it is number loss. Yet. Yet. So Le Flore at Le Flore 15 to one is intriguing too.


If they beat Detroit and they're, you know, seven and two that with some the Malik Willis games. I know he, yeah, I think he's done a great job this year. Yeah, I think he, he might've been who I picked in the pap preseason to win this. I think because I've been saying this for a few years, it's like, he kind of like got ignored for a long time. 'cause he had Rogers and he was, you know, he, yeah, I think right now he only, Jim Harbaugh has a better winning record among active head coaches in the NFL and he's just been incredible since he was named the head coach there. And people kind of just overlook him because, you know, for a number of reasons. But I think he's proven to be on par with like the McVay in terms of just coaching excellence scheme, getting the most outta your players.


Having like all these sort of random guys and, and getting the most outta 'em on offense. Like, not, not to say that they haven't like invested at receivers, but it's like second, third, fourth round. Fifth, fifth round guys. And they're all really good and they're, they're all getting production outta those guys. And so, you know, defense, They have a ton of talent. Man, that's the game of the week on Sunday. That, that really could be the NFC title game in a couple weeks. Fantasy MVP for you for the year Right now it's Henry Derrick Henry I think. Interesting. I mean it's either Lamar or Henry. I would've said it, I would've said Lamar. But I see the Henry Case too because, So If you got Henry you're paying why, where's Saquon? What happened to Saquon?


I mean, Saquon's up there as well. Henry's got a thousand yards and 14 tds already. He Yeah, Henry could break a thousand I think this week, but he's also just like lapping the field at the running back position in terms of points. He's only had, I think his worst game this week or this season has been 10 points. He's not given you any bad weeks. Yeah. And he is given you a bunch of spike weeks. So you know, right now he has 30, almost 30 more points than Alvin Kamara total in, in total points than that's the second number two running back. And I think just that, that value, that value over, you know, the, the general replacement running back I is, is so high. I I think Lamar would be another good one. And then I think you could throw Jane Daniels in there if he can stay healthy for the rest of the year. There you go.


Right now, right now he's not probably 'cause he missed a game, but you know, he, he, he's in terms of value because he got him relatively late and he's just been incredible. He was like kind of an afterthought in the be in the, in the preseason because people weren't really sure like what he would do passing, he's been incredible passer in addition to, you know, running almost as much as any quarterback this year, so. Right. But I, I was, I would pick Henry just based on the consistency and the spike weeks that you get from him. Well, and also I don't think he was a top eight like spending running back but heading into an auction. Right. Yeah, I think he was, he was kind of in that second level. Yeah. Yeah, because people were a little uncertain about number one, the age number two, he is going to a new team, new offensive line.


Well, and also like podcasts like ours where you guys are all blowing Devin a chan. Well, Craig, Craig, to his credit, Craig Beck was all in on Henry this year. And that's like, yeah. Prove that's really aged well Henry's turned into like, just, just keep taking him until the year when he doesn't have it anymore. Serious. Because seriously it usually happens with the receivers, but not, not running backs. He's the extreme outlier in every sense. How, I didn't even tell you my knockout league, the one, I mean not the league you're in, but the league with s those guys the did team league, which No, no, this is the knockout league with Pam Different and al those guys. Oh, oh, that one. Yeah. Which I, my team's a disaster. I had Kirk cousins as one of my quarterbacks and after week one when he looked like a mannequin in a department store window, I cut 'em.


I I had to I to pick somebody else up. bx, now I'm two and six. Basically I'm, I'm probably outta the playoffs anyway, but it's like nobody's finished me off yet and now I'm going against Kirk cousin. It's the rare fantasy revenge I know. Oh no. The guy, I never should a wave now I'm going. So I fully expect him to have four touchdowns in 700 yards. You missed out on his 900 yards in I know. 15 to touchdowns against Tampa. So fucking amazing. I'm so upset Danny. Who, who has provided the most content on the fantasy show this year? What, what single player? Oh, That's a, if you had, That's great question. if you rate for players on the show that you've spent the most time talking about, who is it? That's a really good question. I mean, it's always Kyle Pitts pretty much every year for some reason we just can't, this guy, he just, He's third, he's the third highest tight end right now.


I know he's been back. He's, he's been playing well he, we have a whole category dedicated to him. Usually it's two tight ends and a lie. Basically two tight ends that outscored Kyle Pitts and a lie. And it's always just these random guys that outscored Kyle Pitts. Yeah. But we retired the category because he's back. He's actually good now. And I think we're actually kind of in on this, I would say if Any Wait one more thing on Pitts, not only is he really good, he's had a couple long plays called back. Yeah, I don't, which I don't know. Is there a website that keeps track of that? I, I, I know 'cause I have him in my guillotine league and one other league, but he, he's had two like long ones Yeah. Where he was like celebrating and they're like, ah, flagging the play. Yeah. That the king of that is George Pickens.


Yeah, No question. The cow pits is probably second cow pits, I think that play last week where he caught a pass, he like did the reverse stiff arm, you know, the, the Larry Fitzgerald style reverse stiff the Farm. He kept the, kept the ball out and almost fumbled into the, and Then he almost fumbled it going over the, the right up to the point where he, I mean, come on, he like right up to the point where he almost dropped the ball too earlier. Maybe He did actually. He definitely did. Yeah. I was like, that was the first time in like years I'm like, oh, there's the Kyle Pitts that like we thought he was gonna be, that's the guy that the, you know, the Falcons took before Jamar Chase. And so yeah, it's good to see him back. He finally starts to look a little healthy, but you know, he's still kind of, his, his target rate isn't really where he want it to be. He is still kind of like a tertiary option in this Falcon's offense.


Like Darnell Mooney is probably, I think outscoring him still. So can't get too excited about it. How so? You excited for Brock Bowers to be a $35 tied ed next year? He deserves it. He's incredible. I, I wanna ask Danny a, a question as we formulate strategies for next year and what we're seeing over this season in terms of running back performance, are we going to go back to where we were maybe a decade ago where receivers, you know, 'cause we're in this era now where we're, there's three receivers going in the first round of, of, of all drafts and there are no receivers now who's the top like fan? Like, you know, it would've been Nico and Nico was incredible what he was doing all season.


But this is the, the issue now that receivers get hurt. I mean, running backs do too, but are we gonna go back? Is it just gonna be 10 running backs and then everybody's gonna scrap from there? Yeah, maybe. I mean this, I I wanna say I don't have the stat in front of me, but I think the n receiver production across the NFL is down dramatically this year Yeah. Compared to most years. And I think it's just like there's a lot of these variables. Quarterbacks are not playing as well, not nearly as efficient. Like all these passes are so much shorter. Basically teams are, you know, using these little swing passes and short passes to replace the run game more or less. Now the problem is on the other side, running backs are not being used at, at a high rate as they used to. Like, you know what I mean? There's, every team almost now has a pretty strong rotation.


There's a handful of guys that are, you know, the quote unquote workhorse type players. But, you know, it's, it's give and take. I would say next year we're probably gonna see, because of all this, we're probably gonna see like a running backpack first round it, it's just gonna be those guys that are gonna get like 20 carries a game. And those, those, they're so scarce you have to go get 'em. How about this? Maybe Lamar should just be the first pick in the draft. I know, right? Like if, if you were just trying to, if you were calling people and asking to try to trade for guys on their team, I think Lamar's the quickest hangup. Yeah. Like, fuck you, I'm not trading Lamar guy's guy's amazing. When, when he's, when he spent all that or when, when he lost all that weight this off season.


I think that should have been like the biggest sign to be like, okay, he's back. He he's gonna be, you know, doing his thing running around like, but guys look stupid. I think when he gained a little bit of weight he wasn't quite as elusive as a runner. Yeah. But but yeah, he's, he's been absolutely incredible. How's this guy might be up there too. And I'll tell you this, my guy Drake may, I hope he plays this week, but I, he looks incredible. He's in, he's gonna put a big fantasy stats 'cause he is running like, he, he scoots out and, and also like isn't afraid to like run down the middle of the field and take a hit or two, which unfortunately backfired on him last week, but I think he may, he's a big game hunter. Yeah. And also is gonna run the ball 30 to 50 yards.


But it seems like we, we might have nailed all three of those quarterbacks. Yep. I don't know if you, Danny, if you had to rank the quarterbacks right now for who you'd want, would, would Drake, may versus Caleb in the two spot, who would you pick? Probably still Caleb may that maybe that's just take lock from, from like my pre-draft analysis or whatever. But I don't know. Drake looks really good man. He, he, he like, I think he kind of, for whatever reason people overlooked how good of a runner he was. He was, yeah. He put up stats, he put up stats in college as a runner and he was like scrambling around a bunch. He was really dangerous in the red zone. He's almost got like, you know, like a little bit of a Josh Allen to him where he, he's almost a little too reckless too, which is a little nerve nervous.


Makes me nervous. But, but yeah, I mean he, he looks really good out there and, and obviously with a little more experience and, and gets some weapons around him. He has like no weapons right now, so that doesn't help. But yeah, he could definitely have like an elite upside in the league. I still just, I don't know, I just still, I, I still love Caleb for just the, the special plays he can make out of structure I think. And he, and he'll start to figure it out a little bit more in structure. I think that offensive system is, you know, a work in progress for them. House. Do your bears rent? Just no, I'm not gonna unleash for 20 seconds. Just do it. I can't, I can't just do it. I can't. I mean, they're literally the dumbest football teams next, next to the Jets. Yeah. It's an incredible slew of Mensa geniuses in charge of both sides of the football plus special teams.


But the, the, the thing I wanted to share, and I know it's obviously insane, I think that if you grab Caleb or you grab Drake May and you put them with Cliff Kingsbury this season with this offensive re line and the way that they have schemed up that, that any of those guys might look effing incredible this year. Yeah. In Washington. Which is an bananas thing to say. I know it Know it, it sounds insane, but you Know, the only thing with Daniels, he's so accurate. It's just outrageous. Like to, to have him on one TV and Anthony Richardson on another tv, it was like watching two different sports. You know, like his passes are just always in the perfect spot. Whether it's a deep ball, whether it's a little quick out.


Like I, and I knew that was the, you know, that was part of the appeal for him coming outta college. But it's really true. Like some, there's accuracy and then there's like pinpoint pinpoint accuracy, which he seems to really have. But really seems like we might've gotten three good ones. I still, I was thinking how with Pennex how unfair it is that Pennex isn't playing this year. Yeah, yeah. That the NFL should have a rule where you can rent out your quarterback almost like an Airbnb. Right? Like, like they could have just rented Pennix to the Steelers for like 10 weeks or for the season, but if cousins got hurt, they got to immediately get 'em back. Don't they do that in that He's just not playing. Yeah, totally do. Don't they do that in soccer?


I mean, I I'm gonna sound like an idiot. I don't know. International soccer, Like little quickie transfer fees or something. Yeah, no, a hundred percent it, it does suck for him. 'cause there's a world in which he's like carving up teams too, you know, it'd be really fun to see what you Can Yeah, you could have put him on house's Washington team. Well House is the happiest I've ever seen him. All right, Danny Kelly. you can hear him on The Ringer Fantasy Football show. you can read him on The Ringer dot com and you can text him during games if you have his number to wonder what the f is going on with the Seahawks. Good to see you. You too. Thanks.


This episode is brought to you by SimpliSafe. It is football season, which means the holidays are Coming up and actually SimpliSafe is already having a Black Friday sale. So if you're worried about the safety of your home and family, now is the time to get home security. I personally like to use SimpliSafe because they can stop intruders before they break into your home. That's kind of the goal. I think they take home security to the next level, but they're active guard outdoor protection. It's not an old school system. They only take action when somebody is already in your house. No, that's not SimpliSafe. They take action before somebody gets in your house. There's no long-term contracts, no cancellation fees. It's around $1 a day and it gives me peace of mind and helps me and my family feel protected. So take advantage of this Black Friday sale this week only right now you can take 60% off any new system with a select professional monitoring plan. Hit to SimpliSafe dot com slash bs to claim your discount and make sure your home is safe this season. Keep your home, your family, and your peace of mind protected with SimpliSafe. Again, go to SimpliSafe dot com slash bs. That is SimpliSafe with two is There's no safe like SimpliSafe.


This episode is brought to you by old El Paso. Does game day hosting feel like an extreme sport? Not anymore. With old El Paso feeding your hungry crowd is oh so easy. Old El Paso's crunchy stand-in stuffed shells. Bold seasonings and squeezable sauces are fumble free, flavor packed and perfect for cheering on your team. Football season is taco season with old El Paso. Level up your next tailgate Watch party. Shop Game Day essentials@oldelpaso.com.


All right. House is still here. We're gonna talk about some million dollar picks you weren't on in the last two weeks, but only because we did four and a half hours of basketball content together two weeks ago. So we gave you a break that one week. Last week I was in town with all the LA dudes. Now we're back. We held the fort. We're only somehow only won $15,000 last week, even though I thought I nailed the week up. 1 78 for the year. Bang. I, I think this week's really hard. There's only a couple couple that I liked, but gi give me your favorite coming outta the gate. I wanna talk about a bunch of games. What was, what was your favorite game of all of 'em? It it's, it's a tease. I mean, this week has, well I incredible tease legs that up properly up, up properly.


This is tease week. There's, there's teases, there's bills minus six Eagles minus seven N Bengals minus eight and a half Chiefs minus eight and a half. There's some going the other way teases. So yeah. Anyway, go ahead. Yeah, I mean I I absolutely love the Chiefs, you know, tease them down to two and a half home against Tampa on a Monday night. On a Monday night. I love Philly. I really think that Philly is, is is gonna be coming on here teasing them from seven and a half down to one and a half. I think it's very viable to tease Cleveland up from, from one and a half to seven and a half. 'cause like are the Chargers gonna win by margin?


Yeah. In, in Cleveland? I don't think so. And then the Saints, we'll see what the answer is at quarterback. I wouldn't recommend doing anything with them if Rattler is the quarterback. But all of the signs seem to be pointing at Derek Carr. And if Derek Carr is the quarterback, then we can't continue to miss out on this opportunity of winning money at Carolina's expense. Like we, we can figure out how to do it. It could be a tease, it could be team total stuff, might have to, could be halfs kind stuff. I did kinds this last week where I crossed my fingers that Marcus Mariota was gonna be the DC quarterback and then of course like Jada Daniels is gonna play. All of a sudden I didn't have mariota against that Bears defense. So you mentioned the Eagles and they beat the Bengals pretty handily last week.


And for me part of it was I actually took the Bengals in that game, but I thought I was getting T Higgins and I thought they'd be able to throw on 'em all game with Jason Higgins and Higgins doesn't play. But that Eagles game might have been more impressive than maybe Maybe I gave it credit for in the moment. 'cause I was so mad about the Higgins thing. Like maybe the Eagles are pretty good. I feel like we've also been down this road before where it's like time to trust the Eagles and then they completely kick you in the nuts. But as we talked about with Danny, I, it just feels like this Jag season's over that trade. They made trade their left tackle. I know he wasn't playing that great, but that was just really weird. They're like, ah, we got some other guys. Like nobody has other guys sitting on the bench to play left tackle.


That's crazy. Brian Thomas is hurt, might not be able to play et n's been hurt the whole season and it just, Kirk is out feels like, yeah, yeah. Kirk's done for the year. It just feels like the Eagles in a tease at home feels pretty safe to me. They're gonna be be able to run maybe Peterson coming back there. This will be like the nail in the coffin for that. So I'm with you on that. And then Chiefs Bucks was the other one that, it's like, that number is nine is eight and a half still. So you can get it to two and a half the bucks with no, with no God, with no Evans Last week Mayfield was still moving the ball 'cause who he was playing. But the receivers aren't the same. Their defense is awful and I just don't see, are they, this is gonna be the team that ends Casey's unbeaten season on a Monday night.


No, I don't see it. No. And remember the, the difference between Baker under pressure and Baker not under pressure. Atlanta can has the worst pass rush in the entire NFL. And so Baker was, you know, trying to wheel and deal as best he could. They were competitive for as long as as he could keep them in there. This is this, this Chief's thing is a radically different animal. Yeah, I agree. And their defense is bad. Tampa's d you can move ball. The defense is bad. you can do whatever. All the, all the advanced stats on them are bad. All right, so we have two. I don't trust the Bengals against the Raiders. That was another one I really wanted to put in. But I don't know what's gonna happen with Higgins. The Raiders feel like they're good for one stupid, weird out of nowhere win every eight weeks.


Yeah. They already had one against Baltimore. They're kind of due, I think that's a stay away. The bills against the Dolphins as a possible tease. So they, they killed them in week two. Even before two we got hurt. They have a much better team. Dolphins have had a bunch of injuries already, especially on defense. And yet something's holding me back on it. Is this a kitchen sink game for the Dolphins? They're not kind of out of the playoffs yet. Somebody's gonna make the playoffs at nine and eight in the a ffc like they're not done yet. It probably is a kitchen sink game for the Dolphins. But if Dopey McDaniel, the, the disc jockey is standing at the sink, I don't want any part of it.


The Bills own the Dolphins, JJ said. So on our East coast bias program, Tua is one in seven against the bills. The bills just scheme against the Dolphins w wonderfully. And the Dolphins don't have any answer for it. And it, you know, we'll see. They, they had no pass rush whatsoever. The Dolphins last, they were up 10 points against the Cardinals at home and could not get that across the goal line. That is, that's diabolical how, how bad that is that you can't hold on. But they couldn't get any, any pass rush. 'cause the, what's his name, Seiler, I I is hurt and I don't know if he's gonna be back Yeah. This week. That's the wrong set of circumstances to go up to Buffalo and try and, and the line has gone from six and a half down to five and a half.


So some folks are are interested in, in Miami. I am not, I am not one of the people interested in Miami and I'm just fine with, you know, Buffalo as a money line leg. I don't want to tease, you know, through the zero really that you Right. That's, there's no value there. But you know, I think the bills are gonna handle their business. So if we're looking EZs it's Eagles. Maybe it's just Eagles and Chiefs and that's it. That'd be fine. I would, I'd be perfectly satisfied with that. Some maybe bets the cults we talked about earlier, plus five and a half against the Vikings and that feels like that should be a three point game. But I also, as I said earlier, like the Flaco going against Flores and that Vikings d also the Vikings two losses in a row, 10 days rest.


People seem to think, oh now that they flaco is in there with the Colts, everything's gonna be fine. But something's telling me to stay away from this. But I just wanted to make sure you felt the same way. Yeah, I the back door is open and that's the reason it sure is to be nervous. And so the, you know, some smart people, like I've seen and heard folks making a good argument, a compelling argument for taking Minnesota on the first half line, which I kind of like. It's like, yeah, around three or so for the, for them to cover where if three and a half maybe I'm totally fine with that idea. Like Minnesota coming in after that loss against the ramps with that extra time against this Colts team that, you know, is trying to save its season.


But Minnesota's showing one again, like we're, we're class, we're, we're, this is a, we're a class team in the first half and then in the second half Flaco does some of the stuff that Flaco does. So that would be a reason to stay away from the whole game. Feels like they stay away. But yeah, the Bears are plus one and a half in Arizona. And I know they're on, they might be on your DM B list, but they are, I was really impressed by their defense. The the defensive stats with them are great. Like they're, they're, they're a top six or seven defense by any calculation at this point. And Arizona as a favorite just in general, Arizona with any hint of prosperity makes me nervous. Arizona's four and four and you go through it and they barely beat the Chargers that that one time, right?


Yeah. That, I mean they, the Chargers really should have won that game. Right? So that just immediately makes them three and five. They had that weird comeback against Miami that they somehow won the game. I had taken that off a tv, so I'm just not sure. They feel like a four 14 to me. So, so just staring at it going, ah, I'm trying to talk myself into the Bears, but I think you're right. I think they're A DMB. Yeah. Their, their their wins. They have three, three wins in their last four games or three in one. Again. They, they beat the 49 ERs by one point. They beat the Chargers by two points and they beat the dolphins by one point. Right. And they got smacked by by the Packers. They got smashed by the the the bills.


Well the bills actually yeah. Did it in the second half. But in any event, it, they're, they're too inconsistent. I just can't, under any circumstances have anything to do with that Bears Coaching staff because they have shown us without any hesitation or reservation, they will snatch the feet. Right. The f out of the jaws of victory. I'll do it. Heard that, I heard that Uber flues was, was working a little background for the Yankees during the World Series base running and defense. It's amazing. Giving them some tips. He was an unpaid consultant. I took a picture of all of the, the errors and the base running misused and all of that.


And I, and I thought long and hard about sending it to the, to the group text to JJ last night. And I didn't do it because I I love jj, I'm gonna save it for this weekend. I'm definitely gonna send it. The Yankee fans moved into a weird thing where they, they immediately were like, I knew this was gonna happen. Fuck. Just that They did the finger pointing thing and it's like, you, you definitely didn't know it was gonna happen when Judge Homer in the first inning, you're up two nothing. And you were like, yeah, that's right man. Our house, we're not going down here. Browns, chargers, Browns plus one and a half at home against the Chargers. And I like the Browns a lot more before the defensive injuries. I think I'm, I'm, I've landed as a stay away on this one. I'm with you on it. It'll be fun.


I'm gonna root for the Browns. It, it will be a good measuring tape game for the Chargers. 'cause if we, if the Chargers are legit, then they better go. Yeah. They should be able to move the ball on this game. Even though the brands are, they should. Yeah, I'm with you. Lions Packers, Packers are plus two and a half at home. Oh, two and a half plus two and a half. Looks like Jordan loves playing. So that Yeah. 'cause it was three and a half yesterday. So the line is moving in the direction of like, we're, we're, we we're feeling stronger about the idea that Jordan loves gonna play. I think he's gonna play. That's my take knowing nothing and having no contacts in the Packers organization. Well, and, and you know, these, all the teams lie now. They wait until they try and get advantages as they should.


But like you, you, we really don't know who's playing in any games until 1255 on Sunday. I will say this, I think we have a better sense now on the Thursday, Friday with the practice and what's released on what feels doable and not doable. Like even the Daniels thing last week on Thursday, it was like, all right, he's not written off yet and they're not saying he's out, which makes me think he's probably gonna play. You just have to, you're basically turning into Matlock trying to figure it out. It it's, it's true, but like who, who had Puka and Cooper playing. Right? Right. That's true. So Lions on grass is the lions on grass. Outdoors would be the fear.


The counter would be you're getting the lions under a field goal and they're the best team in the league. And why wouldn't you just take that? They're gonna run the ball all over Green Bay and do some play action stuff. And the counter that would be, well no, Jamon Williams, you know, take out St. Brown Packers have a good secondary to me it's a stay away. I wanna watch it. Oh, I don't, I don't think I need money on it. Oh. Or I can go Packers and ATIs. Yeah, I'm playing Packers, money line Packers and ATIs. Look at the weather forecast. Is it precipitation right now? High of 52 degrees, winds 15 miles an hour or more? Precipitation likelihood, 60% or higher at game time.


You know, what does that mean? Like playing in those weather conditions, Jared ing golf, you know, whose first outdoor game of the NFL season is this coming Sunday? Bill Simmons, Jared f-ing golf. You know what the numbers show about Jared Goff in outdoor games? That's one thing. Okay. I think he's around a 500 quarterback. All of his numbers are dramatically lower in terms of completion, percentages, accuracy, all that kind of advanced stuff. Put some precipitation in the mix, put some adverse weather conditions into the mix, add that filter to the Jared Goff scenario and then, and then see now look, you can, one could make a very compelling case.


I would listen to it of Detroit trying to run the ball because they have a multi-headed rush attack and they have an extraordinary offensive line. And if you want to make that case, I'll listen and, and, and not dismiss it out hand. But the lions are not going to be able to put pressure on Jordan Love and the Packers that the, the, the Hutchinson thing is really gonna be felt this week. So you're going opinion, you're going, you're going bad weather, golf, outdoors with some, some things going against him. Lambo, all of crazy crowd. Crazy crowd. This is I stuff division. maybe shut the lions run a little bit.


Yeah. Lack of a second receiver. All right. I'm just talking it. I just wanna make sure the considerations are out there. I hate going against the lions, but I understand there they have the best against the spread record of any team in the last three years. We got the tees could be in the way. Tease the pack up, tease the pack up packer, Packer's minus two and a half is plus 1 48. Wait what? Packer's minus two and a half is plus 1 48. Yeah, I want it to be more than that. Okay. There I want a better price for that. Street money line is plus 1 24. Yeah. Okay. I, to me, if the weather's gonna be super weird and wonky, the over under is out for me.


Sure, sure. Yeah. I'm not, I I'm not in here trying to argue for a total one way or or the other. I think the Packers tee two and a half up to eight and a half, even though we know that Detroit's capable of winning by margin. Not in these kind of matchups. Not in this matchup, not it, it all depends on love. Obviously things can change, but if love is a go, I like the Packers. Well, we don't know if love is a go, which should be a reason to maybe not do anything with this game. What if they decide on Sunday that he's not playing and Malik Willis is somehow in our lives then we, we we lose money. That's what happens. Yeah. Alright. That's, although Malik Willis, you know, in his limited sample size, Lalo Lalo is incredible.


Let's just give him some flowers. So the, he hears it. Broncos are plus eight and a half in Baltimore. Baltimore is still having some cornerback health issues. Sean Peyton, there's back doors are always open in Baltimore. Lord have mercy. The back door is always open. Kind of like the Broncos. Here's the issue. I do think Marlon Humphrey's back, I do think the backup for him last week is back as well. And even with the issues that that Baltimore has on defense, the idea of Bo Nicks going into Baltimore.


And you know, the, the the thing that, that Denver has done with, with great success is, is throw the ball that that kid in his last six games has at least four games over 200 yards passing. Yeah. May, may. And and you know, against the, the Panthers, now again, the, the Panthers are are, are D league. That's not a legit measuring stick, but they went away from the run. Neither one of their running backs I think got to even 50 yards against, against the Panthers. They're gonna have to try and establish the run against Baltimore except for Baltimore's the best rushed run defense in the league. And then I do think that, that even with what we've seen out of Baltimore in terms of its secondary, the vulnerabilities there.


I, I'm, I don't know man, I I, I like, I don't, not under any circumstances advocating laying eight and a half because we just can't trust Baltimore to keep that door shut in the fourth quarter. But that's another great teaser. Eight and a half down to two and a half for Baltimore. You don't like that? What if I gave you Denver up to 11 and a half with the over adjusted at 38 and a half and that was plus 1 0 3. I love the over the over part of it is not an issue for me. Baltimore can win by margin. Baltimore, they, that's, that's the, the best offense. I think their offense is better this year than last year.


And they, and that offense last year made Lamar an MVP and it's better this year because Derrick Henry, we disagree and I'm crossing it off. Okay. Okay. I think, I think both of us could be right. I do like Sean Peyton against that Ravens team. Sure. I also could see the Ravens just running all over them. And the Bronch us have had an easy schedule and you'd be like, dammit, why didn't I realize this was gonna happen? All right. My two favorites and I'm probably the Falcons Cowboys game, which now is Falcons minus three. Oh it's moving. Yeah. Move from minus two and a half to minus three. And I love the Falcons because I think Dallas sucks. Wow. I think they stink.


Wow. And yet this is the perfect team for them to play because Atlanta doesn't have a pass rush. Exactly. And Dak can just throw the ball basically every down he can and hang in the game. He can. I still think the Falcons are gonna win. Okay. But I also think we're gonna have a lot of points. And my question is, is there, could you do some chicanery with this one? Where, where do you stand on the game? First of all, I agree with the latter half of, of your thesis. I do think that the Cowboys are gonna move the ball. And there is with Dakota, with Dak as quarterback coming off of a loss. They're very good as underdogs and, and they're good as, as road underdog.


His record as as a dog coming off of a loss is like in the 60% range under some of these, these sort of circumstances that we're, we're measuring and are relevant to this, the fact that Atlanta can't get home with a pass rush at, at all. And here's the, the concern I would have if you wagered on Atlanta. We watched Dallas go into Pittsburgh on a Sunday night game and Pittsburgh really couldn't get home at at all. And Dak picked that. Well, they had had some injuries. They did. They dak picked that defense apart and it was with a bunch of dudes that coming into that game. You know, Tolbert had the game winning touchdown with incredible finger strength. Like, you know, Turpen factored into that.


The second string tight end. You know, I I just think that that it's, it's a susceptible spot. I do like the idea of point in this game though. 'cause cousins and, and these weapons really have been meshing well what if I gave you what, what adjusted over under would excite you? What do you mean in terms of a total? Yeah. Like what if I was able to get this to 45 and a half? I, I mean I'm fine with that over, I don't have any issue with that over, because you could do a little adjusted Dallas plus seven and a half with the over of 45 and a half. Okay. Okay. And that's basically even odds minus one eight.


Okay. Yeah. Good. And then we root for points. Right. And Dallas to hang around. Love it. That's a good one. So the thing that worries me is that Atlanta running the ball on them. Okay. And just like, just running the fucking shit out of the ball. Yeah. And Dallas never has the ball. 'cause Atlanta always has the ball. Fair enough. But I think Dallas gonna throw it. I had that Pittsburgh game in my head too. if you give Dak time, he just moves the, but he moves the chains, he finds dudes. And that's kind of what you have to do against Atlanta. That's what everybody that's beating them is just thrown the ball on them and moved the ball down the field on them. All right. So Dallas plus seven and a half. Maybe I could get that over under to, I wonder if I could Maybe you could, I mean you could do a basic tease.


Again, you're not supposed to tease totals, but if you tease Dallas up to nine and that total down to 46 and a half, I mean 45 and a half. Yeah. That was plus nine. That's a mi that's a minus one 20 Ts. It's not the same price as the price that you have at seven and a half. That's a, you get a, that's even odds. That's a better price. Yeah. So we'll do that. Okay. So, so Dallas, seven and a half and then we get to root for Dallas and get mad if they fuck us. Who will send, send mad text to cause and to Raheem with the over of 45 and a half. And that's minus 1 0 8.


Great. Better than that's a good one. Yeah. And then we love the Rams against the Seahawks. Do you need to that one out? I, I don't know. I mean it's, it's Cooper Cup des nuts on, on the field. Like an amazing opportunity for this Rams team with their offensive line. And Seattle's down the vibes are bad. You heard Danny? Yeah. you can see they've lost four of their last five. Their defense is 29th against the run. And this feels very Ramsey to me. Puka and, and and cup these nuts. I I I love that combo. I also like Stafford as a road qb, as do I not giving a shit about anything.


Not, not all right. And we're standing away from the Bears. That's my humble opinion. Dream is one of his favorite bets. I understand the thesis. I just can't be in the situation of needing the Bears to close out a game and watching those dunderheads, I mean, it, it, it like took miraculous morana, Morana morons, miraculous morons for, for, for Chicago to give that game away. The, the the handoff to the offensive lineman. Seriously. One of the, the dumbest plays of the decade. I want Chicago to lose for the rest of the season so that I can buy them to win the Super Bowl next year when Mike Vrabel is the quarterback.


I mean the, the coach when Mike Vrabel comes in with all, with his coaching staff, with the talent that the bears have on both sides of the ball. That team is talented. But those, those big dummies and you know, the, the players hold their coaches in contempt. Contempt. It was hilarious. One of my favorite under occurrence of hard knocks this season Yeah. Was the dumb dumb ebra flu making Kle Williams go sit with him in his office and act like they're having one-on-one conversations. And K Caleb Williams could barely hide his disdain for, for, for for dummy ebra flues. I mean I just enjoyed it so much, but here we are. Those chickens have come home to roost.


He'll be a fine defensive coordinator somewhere, by the way. Good defense. So we only have $3 million picks this week. Oh, I think that's fine. Okay. I'm fine. If you're fine, I'm fine. Yeah. I I don't really love the week. And I think you getting mistakes with some of this stuff when, when, when you start overcompensating and grabbing stuff. Yeah, we disagreed on, on a bunch of stuff, which I think is a, usually a bad sign. I do, I do wish the Tennessee line was like two and a half. 'cause I would take them against the Pats. Ah, I kind of like the Pats. I can't imagine the Pats would win two games in a row. I kind of like the Pats.


Well we'll see if Drake may play or not. Alright. Right. It's time. The million dollar picks for week nine. We won $15,000 last week and now we are up for the season. $178,000. Not bad after eight weeks. Great job. Great job. We're scaling back a little this week, week. We're not gonna get to a million dollars. We, we are betting $200,000 on the following games. The Rams plus one and a half in Seattle. We're bullish on the Rams in a whole bunch of different ways. The Rams for the division five to one intriguing little flyer if you wanna take it. Rams for the playoffs. Plus three 10. The Cup Puka, Stafford, Kyron Williams.


Not Kieran. Yeah. Ky. Ky no. Right. Kyron Williams. Kyrie like Kyron, Ky Williams, Kyrie Kyron. The lines one and a half speech, dyslexia. The lines minus one and a half you said plus one and a half. The Rams are minus one and a half. That's what I meant, right? Yeah, that's, that's what you meant. Rams minus one and a half against the Seahawks in Seattle. We're taking them 200,000 on that. It is tease week. We're gonna scale it back a tiny bit and just take two games that we love The Eagles minus seven and a half against the Jags. You know what's really fun betting against Coach Beatle seat. How many more chances are we gonna have to get Eagles? Not enough Eagles.


Eagles with six crappy defenses. Coming up here. Yes, shout out to Dund for that one. But Jalen hurts 20 to one MVP, we're looking at that one anyway. Eagles minus seven and a half. Tease them down six points with the Chiefs on Monday night against a terrible Tampa defense and poor Baker Mayfield who doesn't have Godwin or Mike Evans teasing them from minus eight and a half. Six points Eagles chiefs both have to win 200 on that. And then last but not least, but this, we can't lose either way because this is fake money. And if the Cowboys f us then we just get to send angry texts to Cousin Sal Cowboys plus seven and a half parlayed with the over, with the over 45 and a half in Atlanta.


We expect a lot of points in this game. That is minus 1 0 8. Do you wanna do an anytime touchdown score bet too? Is there anybody you like? I mean Derrick Henry every week, what is it? Minus 300 for him to score a touchdown this week against Denver? It's probably some preposterous number, but well, we'll, we'll throw, we won't put money on that, but that, that'll be our recommendation. Derrick Henry. Those are the million dollar picks for week nine house. Before you go, we gotta go quickly through some NBA stuff. So we gotta take one more break.


This episode is brought to you by State Farm. State Farm helps you score an affordable price when you choose to bundle home and auto insurance with the personal price plan. Bundling home and auto. That's a pro move. Just another way you can save on your insurance needs. Talk to a State Farm agent today to learn how you can bundle and save with the personal price plan like a good neighbor. State Farm is there. Prices are based on rating plans that vary by state coverage. Options are selected by the customer availability. Amount of discounts and savings and eligibility vary by state.


This episode is brought to you by PayPal Sports fans. I know going to the big games can get expensive. So let's talk strategy. Let's talk how PayPal has changed the playbook. Now you can pay everywhere online, in store, either or both with the PayPal debit card. That's right. I earn 5% cash back up to $1,000 every month in the category you choose like apparel and groceries. Think about it, that's like getting cash back when you're picking up your game day snacks or grabbing a drink with the crew after the big game. I'm talking about real savings. Like that energy drink you keep keeps you hyped for the big game. Cashback 17th purchase of merch from your favorite team cashback post-game. Extra large pizza. You order like clockwork, you get the idea every payment everywhere every time. Don't just pay PayPal terms and cashback limit supply. See PayPal app. The PayPal debit card is issued by the Bankcorp bank. Na pursuant to a license by MasterCard International Incorporated and may be used everywhere. MasterCard is accepted.


Alright, house. We wanted to just quickly dive into over unders with the NBA. Again, it's been, we're in day 10. We don't know what's gonna happen tonight, but there's already been some movement, there's been some regrets, there's been some self congratulations. One of the things that's really moved Memphis, the over under for them has dropped from, I think it was 47 and a half when we did the podcast with Illa a month ago. It's now 44 and a half. Oh wow. And it's not looking great for them. And we were wondering in that West Carousel, who was gonna be good, who's not gonna be good? Was somebody gonna get nudged out that we weren't expecting? And Memphis SSIS had some injuries already. Venos making just a ton of excuses.


He's bringing up things that happened two years ago, three years ago. Poor veno, poor veno 45 wins. Seems ambitious for this team. But I I, that one jumped out at me. What'd you think? I I still, well we all took the under I think. Didn't we all take the under on that? We did. We all went under Yeah, we, no, nobody locked it though because there's just too much variance. We haven't really seen Jah get going. He hasn't been up to his level yet. We've seen it in, in, you know, fits and starts. But it it, it, when is the team gonna be healthy? That, that's the thing we keep saying, well, you know, let's see this team when they have all their guys, when is that gonna be, when is, you know, triple J's back? Is he, is he, is he good?


Like how good is he gonna be? Canard still, you know, dinged like, when are we going to see that, that that team and with all of its strength where they're able to get on a stretch and and and run it on out. I mean, well also I play the under Do they seem as special as they did three years ago? Just 'cause the league's so much more talented, like they're nucleus, which seemed really cool three years ago. Now it's, I look around League Pass and it feels like 15 teams have a cool nucleus and now I I just don't see them from a talent standpoint swimming in the pool of some of these other teams. So that, that was one we both had. Atlanta over 36 and a half, that's dropped to 35 and a half.


You just watched them twice against your Wizzard. What were your thoughts? I I, I don't know what's going on. I I, if the idea they're experimenting with lineups, if there are injuries that I'm unaware of on, on Atlanta, like I need, I haven't gone deep into the Hawks hive to see like Hawks, Reddit. Yeah. I, I don't know what's going on, but David Roddy played 32 minutes last night and, and had the green light. He had the green light from, from coach, coach Snyder. They, they can't defend anyone. Jonni Vadis. What a guy. He, he already, I'm, I'm ready to crown him.


Yeah. Trade him now what can you trade him? He, he is an amazing stabilizing force. He was openly coaching on the floor, the young guys. So Washington played all three of the guys that they drafted in the first round, in this most recent draft. I mean, Sarr actually looked pretty good. Sarr had a couple moves. He knocked down a couple threes. B Carrington pretty, pretty good. Like he was able to run in a straight line back and forth. Or he actually, he made a couple shots. I'm telling you. No, he made a, he, he looked, you know, decent, but this is the Hawk's defense. Yeah. Washington scored 133 points last night without really breaking a, a sweat. I don't know what the, they had no answer for.


And the wizards, you know, cut them to death. I, I, I'm worried about the hawks. I'm worried, I'm a little worried too, because you shouldn't be losing to the Wizards, not back to back games. Yeah, that's pretty rough. We like Brooklyn. It was 18 and a half when we did it. It's now up to 20 and a half. Sure. And it makes sense from what I'm watching. They're super competitive in these games. Camp Thomas, who we made fun of a week ago. The guy's scoring, the guy's scoring, you know, defenses are like now gearing to stop him and he is still getting points. So Shroder, I don't know what they're gonna do because they're, the team's almost a little too confident whether they're gonna try to figure out how to sabotage that.


But they've jumped out at me as like they were in the running for a worst team in the league. I don't think they are. Right. They play, they play hard and they did, you know, sure. And easily could have beaten Denver by the way too. Right. You know, they, their record, they could have a winning record right now a absolutely no. They're they're, they're, they're live. If they keep playing this hard and, and their guys are committed, they're on the same page. They're playing hard for Jordy. I think that, that, yeah. You know, Jordy, at some point, management might step in and say, look, look, look, we need to take it and we'll start seeing some rotations out of them. Jordy, here's some Alibaba stock. Can you just play Ben Simmons and crunch time and hope the other team fails him? But, but right now they, they're, they're live.


I like them. It's a weird team. Like they bring Claxton off the bench. The, the Cam Thomas stuff, some of the possessions with him. He looks like a, a 30 point score. Well he tends for me, we made fun him on the over under pod about how he is a good, good stats bad team guy. But he, he was making, I I I might have to usher an apology soon. Let's just let it play out a little bit. Yeah. Let's let it play out. We're we're still in, in the weird season right now. The bulls are up to 30 and a half, which matches the eye test. Yeah. It was I think 28 and a half when we did it. But you know that it's a team that has a lot of professional basketball players on offense and they're kind of a pain in the ass to play.


I I, I've actually been pretty impressed by them. That's another team that's playing hard. They're not playing to, to tank and they're, I don't even know that they're necessarily auditioning assets for the purposes of trading them. I think they're gonna try and play and I think they're gonna try and make the play. That's how they, they that what we've seen so far. And they do have talent. I mean, part of the case that we discussed with Illa at the over under pod was like, what's the rebound for Giddy? What's, what's good Giddy look like. He's got the keys to the car. He looks pretty good to me. Yeah. They, you know, conversely, like when, like when you're watching Atlanta and I, I still like that. I'm not ready to give up on the Hawks yet, but they look like kind of a mess.


The boat bull interior. Both do not look like a mess. Defense. Yeah. Right. The interior defense for Atlanta is an abomination. Literally, if they, they should trade for Jonas Valentinos that they might win, you know, 45. They, they're, they, well, I dunno if you know their defense. They just don't have a body. The calves one of our great ones. Yeah. What do we have them Before the year? That was like 48 and a half. It was the high forties. Yeah. Yeah. It was like 48 and a half. That is up to 52 and a half on FanDuel. And then if you go to the division, which I am proud to say I am a Cavs division ticket holder. 'cause I was in Boston bet making FanDuel bets like a month ago. The Cavs are now minus one 40 for the central.


The bucks are plus two 70. The Pacers are plus three 40. And I gotta be honest, I don't think those cav odds are I, I I actually think those are pretty good odds. I think they should be like two to one favorites, right? Sure, sure. The way, the way they, this was the thing, this was the idea coming in and why we were so bullish on them. We were like, you know, let's see Kenny Atkinson with, with this team, remember how Kenny Atkinson right, had wings, how he nurtured wings with, let's see, Atkinson with like a healthy garland and a Mitchell, who knows he is gonna be there. And a team that's been together for three years. It looks great. Mobley and Jared and him empowering Mobley, especially like you. Yeah. We, we, we, you can't overstate how impactful his assertiveness has been thus far.


What do you think a division parlay of OKC Cleveland and the Celtics is all three of those to win their revisions? What would your guess be for that? Is it KC Cleveland, Boston? Can you get it to even odds? A tiny bit better than even odds. What if I told you it was plus 2 68? Oh wow. What am I misunderstanding about this? The Celtics odds. They're still only minus two 10 for the Atlantic. Oh, okay. Because people still believe in the Knicks and then OKC 'cause of Minnesota's in there, they're only minus two 20. Oh. And those odds seem crazy to me. I agree with this. What would have to happen for OKC not to have the best record in that division. I had both of those teams winning their divisions in the minus 400 by like, we've seen enough.


Like we've only seen five games. But that's enough for me. Totally. I I was really surprised by that. All right, a couple more over unders. 'cause this is really fun and we haven't even gotten to the super fun one yet. And I can't, I can't wait to discuss it. Denver still holding tight at 49 and a half. Oh. Under, under, under. It was 51 and a half when we, when we did the pod under. That seems they're gonna win 50 games. I don't see that at all. You're allowed to curse on The, Bill, Simmons Podcast. Fuck no, they're not winning 50 games. Whatcha talking Would've to happen if you watch that team like Westbrook would've to be be, have like a complete career resurgence.


There is. They they they have one of the worst benches in the NBA. Yeah. They walked in. Like, this is disrespectful. Honestly, it's disrespectful to joker for this tension between, you know, in the, in the, in the GM and the coach. Yes. The g and and and and the personnel decisions that ha have been made. You can't use up the Joker three time MVP and we're gonna just waste away their opportunity to, to really compete because they gave Michael Porter Jr. A giant goddamn contract. And this is the thing that kills teams in the NBA. You cannot pay shitty role. Good players like super effing stars and that's what they did and now they're gonna pay the price for it.


It almost sounds like you have personal experience as a fan with a team doing that. Ted 15 years worth longer. 1540. Well, the most recent 15 years though of of, of, you know, arenas, who immediately his does that include Andre Blatch? I mean that was my favorite You guys end the thing. Andre Blatch for his extension kicked in was my favorite NBA moment of this century. But that was only a three year contract That was wasn't even the worst best, it was still best What was better than that ever in the history of front offices. I mean, Jan Mamey got a, a four year $50 million deal. Oh my God. Go back and look there. It's, it's amazing. Washington's the best.


What was the trade when you traded the Steph Curry pick? It was for Randy Foy and Mike Miller. Yeah, that's what, that's what it was. That was the trade. Because we were just gonna then the pick ended up being, you could have had choice of Ricky Rubio pre ACL injury or Steph Curry. True. That's true. Those were the choices. Yes, correct. That's right. Unbelievable. See, people don't know the NBA history. They think the NBA started when Kobe won his last title in the Lakers in 2010. And LeBron went to Miami. That was the start of the NBA other shit happened, including that Clippers over under one of my locks was Clippers under 37 and a half. Now they did lose to Portland last night. Yes.


But they're over, has jumped to 38 and a half. And I I still feel okay with my position. I gotta be honest. Yeah. I I look, they, they play hard and they play defense. That's the thing that, that has impressed me the most with the Clippers. Not last night. Well, I, I mean, you know, they're, you're gonna get, have bad spots schedule wise throughout the NBA season and who knows what kind of mischief folks might have got into and they're always sub stories about losses. But I was so impressed by the way that the Clippers played. They had Golden State. Yeah, that was, that was, but they, for some reason the Clippers have always played Golden State.


Well, there's certain teams. Indiana always, always looks really good against Boston or really horrible. Like there's certain matchups that just seem to, for whatever reason the Clippers do well against them. Lakers are up to 44 and a half, which looked a lot more enticing until they lost by 30 against Cleveland. It's like, yeah, this is what happens when you play young athletic teams. I still feel like they're gonna be around that number. I'm glad I don't have that as a lock either way. And I guess it'll depend on the ad health. Here's one though. Miami, when we did it, I think it was 44 and a half now it's 43 and a half. They feel very Trish to me. Like I am on Jimmy Butler trade watch now.


Like I'm just ready. Didn't they basically announce, didn't, didn't Pat Riley basically say what? He publicly called out Butler as the summer arrived that he, he he's essentially available Golden State or Houston if you had to pick a team for him. Oh wow. Just for being a, a basketball fan with no dog in the race. Well, who can Golden State give Miami that helps Miami situation in any way, shape or form? It's probably like a, it's like Domingo Wiggins one more contract and a couple picks. I mean those like, oh we want Golden State's, you know, afterthoughts, I don't know.


Houston is much more viable to me because they have like a bunch of young talent and dying to do a three for one too. Yeah, I hit that last week. Okay. The Milwaukee Bucks. Oh, poor doc. They're over a hundred is down to 46 and a half. It's still too high. I think when we did it was it, it was 50 and a half or 51 and it was right around that 51 50. It might been high. 40 nines. It was close. It was up there. Four. Where do you stand on the 46th and a half? I would still take the under. I'm, I'm not hesitating. There's no reservations about it whatsoever. You know, every other dam. And it turns out he, he it's once a weekday and I, I named in that last week everybody, or last year everyone made fun of me.


He's good once a week and then he plays two other games. It's, it's too much. And honestly, you know, I I kept giving you a hard time when we were doing the over under pod about talking out the idea of Giannis Maybe, you know, looking to, to, to take Yeah, you made me feel like a dick somewhere else. That's what you did. You made me feel like a prick. I I I They have continued to invest in him. They've given him every extension he's been eligible for. Yeah, but that's not a, that's not a competitive team. They, they have no answers. Their answers are to trade all of those guys. They need to start trading guys now. They can't wait. Who wants their guys, if there's any Brooke Lopez. Well, I mean Brooke, like Brooke Lopez as a, a, you know, veteran, like a three point stabilizing force like to New Orleans.


Yeah, yeah, yeah. Right, right, right, right. Do it now. Don't wait. You have no chance. That team is dead. That, that is a dead on arrival team. Well it was 50 and a half when we did the pot. So it's dropped four wins, which is a lot. Yeah. That tells you all you need to know. The Oklahoma cities around the same Orlando is still the same at 47 and a half, which I was really surprised by. Why? Because they look like a 50 win team to me. I thought that would've bumped up like a win. Eh, they locked in on them with locks for over 47 and half. So feeling good. Okay. This is another classic. So before the year the Philadelphia 76 ERs over under 50 and a half.


What do you think it is now? 47 and a half. 46 and a half. God dammit. So the Bucks and the Sixers have boat dropped four wins in 10 days since the start of the season. And by the way, I think I'd like the under. I understand. I went back to look at the sheet and I couldn't believe that I took their over. I don't know what I was imagining you were scared of the MB thing and I was telling you that there was stuff, there were rumors about his knee in September. Well, I, part of it for me, I I'm sure was the fact that I thought that Paul George and Maxie were gonna be enough. I thought Paul George would be playing basketball by now.


He's not. I he had the bruised knee when we did the podcast, to be clear. Yeah, yeah, yeah. That's, that's a three week injury. And that had just happened. It happened, yeah. In the 24 hours before we sat down and take that pod. Listen, stop making these cases. You fucked up. No, it was a fuck up. I'm just I did it is a fuck up. I'm just saying, you know, I imagine, you know what else is the fuck up? Pretending that MBI was on arrest program when he is fucking hurt. Also a mistake's. It's so weird. Why did they do that? Why say anything? Just say 'cause they didn't wanna be embarrassed because they gave him an embarra extension by by what? He's fucking hurt. Embarrassed that, that that's what was their choice. How about this? That they let 'em play in the Olympics and it's like, whoa, that's not their job. It's the player. It's free Will the players get to do. And being in Kauai, going to the Olympics is one of the biggest jokes of this decade.


That either of those guys thought that was a good idea and that their teams had to pretend publicly that it was a good idea to go along with it. Yeah. Yeah. No, it'll be good. It'll be good for you. It's good for your brand. And bead should have been in a fucking hyperbaric chamber for six months. Literally. Or getting himself training an altitude. Like yes. What, what were we doing? Well, the then kaku things ridiculous. It's a, it's bad for Embiid in the sense of performing for the team that pays him and performing in the league. That is, you know, the mo the mo the, the true way that, that he's gonna be compensated. But for his, he played great in some of those games. Yeah, he did. And, and there were some like genuine embiid moments and bead moments and he has that medal now.


And I do think that there was, you know, we've, we've talked about this in the past with these international competitions. Some of that winning dust might have rubbed off on him being around those guys and watching how they did it. Like he hasn't been around very much winning dust in his career and, and seeing him. Why, you know, he's on the floor when Steph goes off. Yeah. He's on the floor with LeBron. I that, that all could ultimately pay off. 'cause really it won't matter until April, but for the purposes of over under, this is a dead under and I'm gonna lose my money. You and I have been following basketball a long time. A long time. Too long. We remember too many things.


I, I don't know what to do with a lot of the information in my brain at this point. It's, he's had so many injuries that Yeah, we have just seen this before. Yeah. When it, we saw it with Blake Griffin a few years ago. It's like you just start counting all the injuries and it's like, oh man, this isn't gonna go great. There's been too many now. And I just wonder if he's at that point and they wouldn't even tell us what the knee injury is now. We don't even know what it is. But he's had problems with both knees and he is gigantic. Right. And at some point you pass the point of no return. Which is why it's so nuts that A, they gave him the extension and b it made a ton of sense why he would've wanted the extension.


'cause maybe he knew he wasn't a hundred percent. It's like fine, I'll take one more giant, you know, couple extra years. Him wanting the extension makes, makes perfect sense. I just don't understand enough about the, the dynamics for them to say one word about like what his health situation is or where when he's gonna come out. I told you they, they were embarrassed. I really feel like they thought they could kind of slide around this and have nobody notice and like do, do rest management and have people go, oh yeah, they're doing risk management and people getting mad at that instead of getting mad at the fact that and beat is fucking injured. It's so stupid. It's so, I I hold the brain trust for the Sixers perhaps in, in too high regard.


That's, that's, that's maybe the thing Sacramento is down to 44 and a half. Actually that might be where it was. I don't, I don't have an opinion on that. San Antonio who we went under on is the same at 35 and a half. No, I don't I like the under Utah, which I went under on and you what did you do? I went under, I definitely went under on. Yeah, we I think we all may have gone under. I mess that poor kid Hendricks. What happened to his leg? No, you went over Oh no for Utah. 27 and a half. It's now 24 and a half. Shit. That poor kid. Hendricks. I hope he gets back. I hope that his leg, you know, that was awful. I know that. Poor, poor, I've never seen that.


I've never seen that injury before. The way he did it. Yeah. Yeah. 'cause it wasn't contact. He didn't come down on somebody's foot. That's what you expect to see in basketball. It was, it was almost like when you're watching force injury. Yeah. When you're watching Instagram reels and somebody's going to get their mail and it's icy out and their leg goes, goes the wrong way. I've never seen just a basketball player. It was just so, such a fluke. Yeah. I root I felt bad for that dude. I'm root for I'm rooting for it. Last but not least, you're Washington wizards. Over 20 and a half. You know, I'm so pissed. Here's the thing, this is the team that I thought they might have last season.


I this is like some professionals mixed with kids. The professionals set sort of the, the, the expectation they, they lead the kids into, you know, the possibility of just, just compete. Just compete. Yeah. And the number was low last season. They they added in the form of of Bob Unis. Yeah. Ball unis. I'm telling you. He was on the floor coaching Bub Carrington and, and and coaching Kete George. And, and it was amazing to see he's pushing Sar where, where he needs to go now Sar and and and Valentino weren't on the floor very much at the same time. Yeah. But like you could see him. It, it was such a beautiful, see see if you didn't retire his number, I'm ready to, I look if you, when you see he put him next to the big E and Bobby Dridge, he bought all in on, they said, we're gonna pay you come come be this guy for this team.


And he bought all in on it. And I just was,


now I'll tell you, it was very quiet in the stadium and I was sitting, you know, thank thank big thanks to our good friends at FanDuel for the seats that I had. Oh, FanDuel. And close enough, close enough to, to hear some of the, the actual dialogue. But man, I I was so impressed by that guy.


So you're thinking I went under as a lock at 20 and a half. They could win 21 games. They're still gonna be one of the three worst teams with if they win 21 games. Yeah. But it's, it's, it's irresponsible if they don't trade ness before the trade deadline because they guy playoff teams actually need that. Dude, I can think of four teams right now that could use them. You know, you know who could use them? The pelicans. Holy shit. What is going on in that team? They're probably not allowed to trade for 'em. You know, last thing Celtics Pacers last night, you know, the CEL site? No poor Zynga, like you can get to the rim on them. Right? So they started playing CAA in the second half to try to change some of that.


And the Pacers were playing great Celtics Couldn hit a three and it just seemed like one of those games. And Joe Ma, who I don't think I've done a, a harder 180 on out of any coach or manager I've ever had. Like I fucking love Joe Ma. Did you see his thing about Katie Bakes and Beck wrote about it today for the rigor that he thinks they should have basketball fighting. Oh yeah, I sure did see that. Yeah. I mean, Joe Mass is the best. I agree with him. But Joe Mad was feeling out the game the same way I was watching it where I was like, I know we're down 18 but I feel like we can come back and just kind of stuck with this lineup. Stuck with Cato and the Seltz came, came back and all of a sudden they had a little, you know, we're the fucking champs last three minutes, huge comeback.


Tatum hit a big three, send it to ot. And then the Pacers just made a couple, I mean, it, it came down to like aka at a 29 footer at the top of the key. Yeah. Which I will give him a hundred times out of a hundred. Sure, sure. And he made it. Sometimes you'll lose those. He got a wide open shot from Jalen who sucked the whole night and he missed it. But it, it was weirdly a great loss. It was like a let's defend our turf kind of loss and the fact that they look this good without pingus. I just, I like everything I'm seeing from them. It's, it's really like this team is good, like really, really, really good as a defending champ. The sub-story that I like also though is, is the Pacers as a potential thorn in the side for Boston because that, that playoff series was closer than what it was.


History is going to show they were competitive and their, their style of offense does give Boston. They're a rare team that can give Boston a little bit of trouble because of how Carlisle schemes up that thing. Well you know what's interesting about them and it's been the whole year, like they didn't have Mathen in the playoffs last year. Right. Mathen, if you watched them knowing nothing, like if you woke up from a coma after five years and you just watched the Pacers game, you would think Mathre was like their alpha. Sure. That get that sometimes he's like clear out, I'm gonna fucking score here. Right. The Pacers are good man. I, they're good. I think you could make a case Orlando Cleveland and the Pacers, you know, over Milwaukee and Philly. I, I think I would take all three of those as regular season teams.


I don't think there's any question. It was a really good game. It's, yeah, they're all gonna finish ahead of Philly. I'm super happy with the Celtics season. Then you watch OKC, same thing. Like just they have depth. They're athletic, they're fucking competitive as hell. Like Chet just loves going against we, that game was awesome. It was awesome. I love, I love so far what we've seen out of Oklahoma City in terms of a tiny click of maturity. I see a patience in them that I don't know that I saw. Yeah. Last year. They're, they're because Jaylen Williams is a little bit better. He might be. Yeah. Yeah. And the Wiggins is a little bit better. And Wallace his second year and then Chet, you know, he ma made a little bit of a leap. Like not, not quite the same leap that Paolo has been hinting at.


I saw some of the bench with Hartstein talking to Chet. They clearly have a nice rapport. I wonder if those guys in their, you know, training camp before Hartenstein got hurt, like if there's like a mentor thing going on there. Hmm. Because 'cause Hartenstein, he's a big mother. Fra a big physical guy. I wonder if, if he's imparting some stuff to chit, that's gonna be an absolute bitch of a team to play in the playoffs. Think they're healthy. I've seen nothing. We like them as the one seed division champ. Yeah. All of it. Best record, like every bag, all of it. I've seen nothing that makes me think we were off on that. I also like when they do the post games and the whole team is in the post game interview, it's great. Great. It's a little 2001, 2001 Pat ish. But yeah, from everything I've seen, the Celtics and the Thunder just seem like they're up here.


It's a drop night to night. It could be 5, 6, 7 other other teams. And that's it. Yeah. Yep. All right. House. Great to see you. Thanks for sticking around. Good for the whole pod. Happy Halloween. Shout out to our guy Michael Myers. Shout out to Kyle Creighton and Steve Saru for producing thanks to Danny Kelly for joining us as well. you can watch clips and videos from this podcast on The Bill Simmons Podcast. And we can see you on the Bill Simmons YouTube channel. We could see House on Sunday on The Ringer Sunday pregame show with Raheem and Sal and a probably despondent jj No, JJ would bounce back. He knew he knew what was coming. I think he knew when you, you just can't win the World Series when your team screws up that many little things during the course of a series.


That's right. That's it. All right. Good to see you house. Good times. BS must be 21 plus in President Select states for Kansas and affiliation with Kansas Star Casino or 18 plus in President dc. Gambling problem, call 100 gambler. Visit rg help.com. Call 1 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org/chat in Connecticut.


Or visit md gambling help.org in Maryland. Hope is here. Visit gambling help line ma.org or call 803 2 7 50 50 for twenty four seven. Support Massachusetts. Or call 1 8 7 7 8 Hope ny. Or text Hope NY in New York.