
Coming up the big 2024 NFL preview week is upon us. We're doing fantasy football today. Little Adam Sandler as well. Let's go.


This episode is brought to you by SimpliSafe. It's normal to worry about your kids, but did you know you could worry it a little less with a SimpliSafe home security system, it helped protect you and your family when you need it most. And you know when you realize you need SimpliSafe, if you subscribe to one of those neighborhood newsletters and you get those notifications this happened, that happened, and you go, wait, that's only a couple blocks from me. Well, right now is the time to get SimpliSafe. For a limited time, get an exclusive 50% discount on a new system, plus a free indoor security camera with Fast Protect monitoring. Just by visiting SimpliSafe dot com slash bs. There's no safe like SimpliSafe.


This episode is brought to you by State Farm. State Farm helps you score an affordable price when you choose to bundle home and auto insurance with the personal price plan bundling home and auto. That's a pro move. Just another way you can save on your insurance needs. Talk to a State Farm agent today to learn how you can bundle and save with the personal price plan like a good neighbor. State Farm is there. Prices are based on rating plans that vary by state coverage. Options are selected by the customer availability. Amount of discounts and savings and eligibility vary by state.


We're also brought to you by The Ringer. Podcast Network. if you missed the re watchable on Wednesday night, we put up Rudy. you can watch that as well on our Ringer Movies YouTube channel. Me and Kyle Brant had a great time. Have another re watchable is coming on Monday night. I'm doing Purple Rain. Yeah, 40 years later. Came out in the summer of 84 and I, we overused the word iconic, but this is an absolutely iconic eighties movie. So get ready Monday night Purple Rain. That's happening on this podcast. What do we got? Well, we got some fantasy football. We're doing the third annual My Guy Fantasy Football draft with Danny Heifetz, Danny Kelly, and Craig Beck from The.


Ringer Fantasy. Football Show, which is a great podcast by the way. And then as a second act, a long interview with Josh Safdie and Adam Sandler because Sandler has a new comedy special coming on Tuesday. It's called Love You. And we talked about that. We talked about basketball, we talked about movies, we talked about a whole bunch of stuff. So this is a big fat meaty podcast. It's all Max. First. Our friends from Proja.


All right, it's the third annual, my Guy Fantasy draft. Our ringer fantasy football show. Guys are here. Danny Kelly, Danny Heifetz, Craig Holbeck, who's also in my life as a, a re watchable, longtime Producer. So we spent a lot of time together. You guys have been doing pods, is it what? How would you rate this Fantasy football previous season? Just in general? Like a B minus, B plus the zip and foot. Where is it Craig? I don't know if the preseasons been that exciting, but I think the off season in general and the hype is really high going into the season because the rookies are so great. The rookie quarterbacks are so good. There's like a whole new crop of guys going in the first round this year. So it's really fun. So a refresh, you agree with that? Hi Fitz.


Yeah, I think it's definitely refresh. You have Brie Hall, you have Bijan Robinson, you have a bunch of guys that are kind of like new faces at the top. But the, to Craig's Point, the rookie classes you have Marvin Harrison's probably gonna be the highest drafted rookie of all time. You have all the, like, you know Jaden Daniels, you have a bunch of rookie quarterbacks. There's a lot of new blood, but then none of the olds have been sunsetted yet. Yeah, The, Ringer Fantasy Football Guide, which we do every year. And we have the rankings and you look at it and if, if I had seen this in February, I would've thought like I was on bath salts or something. Danny Kelly. I know you had a big hand in that. What, what was the most shocking thing in the top 10 or 12 for you? Is you just saw the list laid out. We know it's the right list, but it's like, for me it was just Brie Hall.


'cause I, I felt like, is Brie Hall the number one? I feel like he is. And then when I actually saw him, we had him pegged with 65 bucks in an auction league. What was the biggest shocker for you? I mean, that's a good one. That the fact that we have both Bri Hall and Garrett Wilson in the top 10, a little bit scary two jets for a jet save. Like that's a leap of faith, I would say. Yeah. Even though I love both of those guys like a lot. Yeah, we're making a pretty big leap of faith. I think that's like, you know, the old expression is you can, you can't win your draft in the first round, but you can lose it. Like that's a little bit scary. But I think you also have to have, you know, a, a healthy amount of ability to take a risk on these guys because it, they could really, really pay off.


Well, I do feel like there's some sort of weird changing in the guard thing happening. 'cause The, Ringer, Bri Tyreek McCaffrey, who god knows when he comes back, Bijan, cd, lamb, St. Brown, Taylor Wilson, Gibbs, Jefferson as the top 10. It just feels new and fresh and exciting. And it almost makes me wonder if the, the inefficiencies are elsewhere before we do the My guy draft. I have an announcement. Oh, I do, I do three fantasy leagues and now somehow I've been roped into a fourth. I am in a guillotine league. Oh, ooh. I got roped in as a partner with a friend of mine and I don't really know what to expect.


I'm excited. I'm nervous. So you might be back in three leagues by like week two. Well that's, that was the appeal. It's like, wait, I could get knocked out right away. The guillotine thing has really taken off over the past two years. And I think part of the appeal is you might just, it might only be two weeks of your life. I don't mind it. Where do you, I know you guys have talked about it on your, on your pod, but where, where do you hi fits, where do you stand on the guillotine leaks? It's fun. I don't have any with my close friends, it's hard enough to explain to them. Like I, stuff like points prefer down, nevermind. Okay. Like you're just gonna get chopped. But I think it's fun. It's kinda like March Madness bracket where you do some and then you're like, all right, well maybe throw it out after a weekend. And if you're good, you stay in it. It just can't be the only league you do otherwise. That sucks. if you're out week five, sure.


It has to be like the, the third or fourth thing you're, you're doing and you focus on your two main leagues. But that can't be the only way you play fantasy football. Yeah, I didn't mind adding it because in my knockout league, the West Coast League, my longtime buddy Kevin Hench won last year and has gets to vote out somebody and I look like I'm one of the three safe ones. But the actual hilarious move would be to, for him to vote me out. We've had an American League only keeper team together for 22 years. It would be an absolute steel chair over the head. Shocking swerve for me to get voted out and now I'm starting to get word. So I thought it had leak. All right. The My Guy fantasy draft. So we have all these dumb categories. This is not an actual draft who, who has the first pick in each category?


They'll go, but two people can have the same pick. Three people can have the same pick. So we'll just go clockwise and we'll start with Danny Kelly and then we'll go around. So Danny Craig Heifetz, and then I'll go forth. First category is my one. True love. Every year in fantasy, there's one guy you love the most. The heart wants what the heart wants. You can't fight it. You go into your draft knowing I need this guy. I'm gonna feel better not just about my team, about my day and my week and my fall. If this guy's in my team, if he's on another team, I'm gonna be pissed. Your one true love for 2024 Danny Kelly, who is it? Oh God, this so much pressure.


I'm going with, I just mentioned this team. I'm going with Garrett Wilson from the Jets. I just think the combination of talent, like he was my favorite receiver coming out of the draft. I think he's proven that he's one of the best receivers in the NFL, but he's just been stuck with the worst quarterback situation, like maybe in the league for the last couple of years. And so this could be his year. I think obviously Aaron Rogers is going to feed him and he's, he's been one of the, he's been a guy who's had one of the lowest catch rates among all the top receivers in the NFL the last couple of years. So I feel like this is his year. Plus he breaks a lot of tackles, so he kind of has that extra boost in addition to getting a ton of volume. Really good player. I'm just gonna bet on his talent this year. Do they keep a stat for most times a guy's life sagged out of his body and he dejected look at the turf after an uncatchable ball?


Because I mean, obviously Devonte Adams was number one last year, but Wilson was probably number two last year and then number one the year before. So he's been Yeah, He's got that. He, he has that Devante Adams like, give me the ball, or I'm going to go crazy type of vibe to him, which I like. I think Rogers is gonna Yeah. Is absolutely gonna feed him or else he, there's gonna be problems. They've, we've already seen them arguing on the sideline a couple times during trade Camp. I like that though. That's good. We want that A hundred percent. Yeah. Like they're super, super, like just pissed off for greatness. So I don't know, this could be risky. I, I could regret this, but I really like Eric Wilson this year. I don't think it's risky at all. Hey, Fitz, what do you think? I mean, I think this one's risky. I I, my one true love this year is Jaden Daniels the quarterback for Washington.


Ooh. I think it's a little crazy, but I mean, again, rushing points are worth three times as many as passing points in fantasy. Jaden Daniels is the only quarterback in FBS history to throw for 350 yards and run for 200 in the same game. And you can get 'em like 95th depending on where you draft. And I just feel like I'm getting a top five quarterback, 50 spots after the last top five quarterback went. And so I, I just, I just feel like I'm cheating. The age piece of it is the big thing with him. Like Drake May's 21. Yeah. Like he's Drake May's Young, he's a baby. He's like a basically a little kid. They show him on the sidelines sometimes and he looks like somebody that would come over to watch UUFC with my son, unlike a Saturday night. He just looks young.


Jayden Daniels, he was in college for 11 years. So I, I don't know. I'm not as scared off by that. Plus the offense that he is in. Where, where do you stand on Daniels Craig? I think I'm the least warm on Daniels compared to the other two guys here. I don't know. Rookie quarterback. I don't think the team's gonna be that good. I think the injury risk is kind of high with him. He's, he's, he's kind of a chaotic runner, but the upside's there, it's just high risk, high reward. If you're gonna draft him, I'd probably get another guy as like a security blanket. Yeah. Danny Kelly. The the things that scare me are the health piece. Washington's offensive line, not pi, like a skinny guy who runs around that scares me. And then I don't love their receivers either.


Right? So that'd be the case against them, right? They Just traded away Jihad Dotson too. I don't know, it, it's tough because I think there's always going to be an injury risk when you have quarterbacks who run and that's kind of been the deal. They're gonna open the sales up to hits, especially like in the Red Zone. But man, he has, he has really special big playability. He's one of the best deep ball throwers I've seen coming out. Like, hi, his, his deep ball to the sideline. I, I compared it to like Russell Wilson as he'll. Just drop it in a bucket. We saw a glimpse of that in the preseason. The other thing is, I, I'm not like a big Cliff Kingsbury guy, but they run a lot of plays. They like have a high tempo offense. They're gonna give him a lot of opportunities to score fantasy points. He could be a terrible passer. He could still be one of the best fantasy quarterbacks in the NFL, but I also think he's a pretty good passer or he could be a pretty good passer.


So I think this is a great pick. Like go for it. Go for the Gusto. He could be, you know, one of the keys to your fantasy season this year, But we don't think he's a top 10 starter, right? Like I'm, He's fringe. He's fringe. So he's in that Hmm, range. Yeah, he, so I think you, he's like 5, 6, 7 bucks and maybe he starts for you. Basically it's supply and demand. So again, first of all, he doesn't have to be top 10, top 20, anything in real life for him to be incredible in fantasy, right? Justin Fields got booted outta Chicago, but he was still top five fantasy every week he played right? For Jaden Daniels, it's just the supply and demand of the highest upside quarterbacks are always gonna be Russian quarterbacks. And once you lose Jalen Hertz and Lamar Jackson and Josh Allen and Anthony Richardson at the top.


And then at that point it's like, who could run for double digit touchdowns? It's Kyler Murray, it's Jaden Daniels, Caleb Williams Fields. If he plays, that's really the argument is that Jaden Daniels the last weak, one starter who could run for a crazy silly amount of rushing stuff from the quarter quarterback position. So I think that it's he, he goes above the next tier of pocket passers because there's so many Jared Goffs and Trevor Lawrence's and stuff, but there's only one Jen Daniels. There's a Red Zone piece to him too that would make him super fun when they're like, let's go to Washington and he's just running for 58 yards. You gave him, you guys do this where you do the tier and we did it on the guide and he got his own tier, which is always funny when that happens where it's like, ah, we don't know what this guy is like, he's just gonna be here.


There's nobody else who could be next to him. But in our guide he is the head of Purdy and Burrow and Caleb Williams and the corpse of Trevor Lawrence. Good luck to anybody who takes him. Kirk cousin in his one leg. And Jared Goff who just continues to be underrated in fantasy drafts. Craig, who's, who's your true love this year? Cooper Cup. Oh, you guys are back. We're so back. The vibes in LA are great Chargers and Rams football's back in LA I just, everyone's backed off cup because of last year, which I get, I guess he was super banged up though. And it seems like the mantle was past the pka Nku. Everybody just decided that. But things are actually, I think, switched this year where last year Cup was hurt the entire off season.


Now pka Nku has been hurt the entire off season. Yeah. And Cup is healthy and although it didn't really feel like it, but last year when Cup got relatively healthy over the second half of the season, cup and Nku were both top 10 guys in fantasy. And I think we're gonna see that version of Cup. Like I, I think he's all the way back. We did this with Kenan Allen last year where he got hurt the year before. Everybody was like, oh, Keenan Allen's old now he's 31, it's over. He is washed. And then Keenan Allen came in last year and had the best year of his career. So I I I, I don't know if Cup's gonna have the best year of his career 'cause that's a pretty high mark, but he's 31. He is not 36. He's a health nut. And you can now get him in the third or fourth round, which is insane. I like the Puka being banged up piece to that too.


Yeah. It just feels like they switch bodies. It's like a, like a two thousands horror movie. My guy, you guys don't know who my guy is. I, I've been like deliberately holding back on my fantasy opinions for, to make this pod more fun. My one True Love is Marvin Harris Jr. Oh, ooh. The on ESPN the highest drafted rookie wide receiver in 20 years. So there's been a lot of hype. But I went back and I looked at the fantasy points for, you know, like the best six modern rookie fantasy receivers ever, which was Moss like 232 points. Jamar Chase, 2 23 Danny's Guy Beckham. Those were great times, right? Danny, the, the, the 202 point Odell Beckham Jr.


Famous season, The Giants though, You know, was like hundred years ago. Anquan Bolden, what a riot that caused, he wasn't even drafted that year and it was like one of those free agent auctions where, I forget what he went for. Justin Jefferson 180 2 and Nku last year won 72. So the question for me is, can he have a better season than Nku? I think he can, can he be in that Moss Chase area? I think he can. Is he on the right team? I think he is. Is he on a team that they're gonna be behind a few times and have to throw the ball a lot? I think he will be. And I'm just all in like he, as you know, I love reading the preseason articles and then overreacting famously last year with Kenny Pickett, which we, I think we talked about on last year's pod when somebody was comparing his coolness to Joe Montana.


He looked Good though, didn't he? Dan, But, but that didn't have it. We didn't say it. He looked good though. It turned out he did have some stuff with in common with Joe Montana. They, they both had a head and two arms and two legs and that's about where it ended. But the Marvin Harrison, the quotes from the teammates and the coaches are bonkers. Like when the, when guys in the defense on the same team start raving about a wide receiver running back, he kind of knows something's happening. But I just think he's gonna absolutely go off. Where where do you stand on that one? Dk I mean, I think the only problem I have with him is he's priced really, really highly right now. But I mean otherwise like in a vacuum, I agree wholeheartedly. You know, this is one of my favorite receiver prospects in the last decade and he went to a team with a good quarterback who is gonna feed him the rock.


So like there's a lot to like, I think it's just you have to pay up to get it. So are we getting him at his four? Are we getting him at a ceiling? Not Yeah, you're you're basically getting him like in drafts right now. He's going right around Garrett Wilson, which is just pretty steep. He, he basically has no room for error. But I, everything you mapped out I think is 100% correct. You're just gonna have to pay for it. Fantasy guide that we had had him at 32. Yeah, we Have him a little lower. It had him below Drake, London, VE and DJ Moore. And there's just no way he's going behind those guys. 'cause it's more fun to take Marvin Harrison Jr. Totally. Where do you stand? Yeah, I I'm, it's exactly what Dika said about the price point where I think every, I agree with everything you said, bill. I think the question is, if you have to take Marvin Harrison Jr.


15th, that would be too rich for my blood. If it's in the thirties, then like yeah, I mean hop on the ride. So you're talking booger reader drafts not auctions. Well, same thing, you know, I'm just trying to bring to where the people Are. It's like how much money would you have to spend on Marvin Harrison Jr. I just like to connect with booger readers auction standpoint. I think he's low thirties, that's just where he is gonna end up. And maybe even mid thirties if two guys start getting possessive about him. I'll say this, I think I might even said this on a previous pod, but I, I stand by the Drake may pick, I'm really glad we have him, but there's gonna be some moments this year with Harrison where it's like, oh my God. Like we didn't take that guy. I, and I'm super nervous about buyer's remorse.


Okay, next category, my crazy pills guy. So this could go one way or the the other. You are just seeing somebody a certain way and you either love this person and don't understand why everybody else doesn't love him or everybody else loves him and you're like, what the fuck am I taking crazy pills? I don't understand this at all. Hi Fitz. Who's your crazy pills guy? My crazy pills guy. It's rash. She rice for Kansas City. I know Craig came on here I think a couple weeks ago, talked about Rashi Rice, but Rice is basically ranked like he's getting suspended and Rashi Rice is probably not gonna get suspended. And so he is one of the best values in drafts this year. Like by far he was at the final month of last season. He was like a top six receiver down the stretch and you're gonna be able to get him as like the 26th receiver.


It's, it's, it's a, it's one of the best value probably in years. So we don't think he's gonna get suspended. No, It doesn't look like, don't think he'll know. I'm, I'm not a lawyer but he probably won't get suspended. You're not a lawyer. Fuck yeah. Okay. Okay. Who do you have for your crazy pills guy Craig? I don't know why everybody isn't in on Josh Palmer with me. The receiver on the Chargers. Oh I love, this is a good one. Love You. I love this guy. You'd Love him if something happens to Josh Palmer people would be emailing you like he like it's your brother. Yeah, All of my eggs are in Josh Palmer's basket. I just don't get it. He's the number one wide receiver for Justin Herbert. I just talked about how great Keenan was last year on the Chargers. He is gone. Mike Williams is gone.


There's nobody else. They have a rookie lad McConkey who was hurt all training camp. That's basically it. They have a bunch of bust or, or vets. Josh Palmer last year was on pace for a thousand yards with Keenan Allen. Yeah, he is good. I don't know, we're all just refusing to acknowledge that Josh Palmer is a competent football player and it's like whatever. The Chargers are gonna run a lot. That's fine. Josh Palmer, I still think is gonna put up a thousand yards on the Chargers with Herbert. We're treating the Chargers like they're Navy, like they're not gonna throw the ball, they're gonna throw the ball 10 times the game. All right. My crazy pills guy CJ Stroud. And even like, I brought this up to Craig when we were just talking about stuff and Craig was like, well he doesn't run and just was like shitting on him.


You guys have him seventh like at the $11 range. I'm just gonna point out some CJ Stroud stuff. 3,500 yards passing his first 12 games and I think Tank Dell got hurt during those first 12 games. So. it was basically just him and Nico Collins and a bunch of, you know, replacement dudes. He finished with 4,100 yards and 23 TDS in 15 games. He's got a loaded wide receiver crew now. 'cause Dell's back digs his back second year in the league. The offensive coordinator stayed, which was huge for them. The line's a little bit better. I'm just in on the Texans in general and the only reason not to like him as a top five fantasy guy is he doesn't run.


But if he leads the league in passing, which is 7 0 1 on FanDuel, so that's what, 47 let's say. 4,700 yards and 34 touchdowns. I think that's realistic. If he doesn't get hurt and if he does that, he's a top five, he should be like a 16 to $25 qb. Where Danny, where Danny Keller. Where does my case fall apart there? I mean it doesn't really fall apart. Really the only guy, the only non-running quarterback we have above him is Patrick Mahomes. That's the Thing. It's like I, I guess you could put in my head of Mahomes if you're really that bullish and I wouldn't really be, I wouldn't be like outraged if you did that. I, there was a play in the preseason where Stroud dropped back.


He was in the end zone, like in his own end zone. There's pressure coming in and just cool as can be, goes through his progressions, finds a guy in the middle of the field for like a 25, 30 yard game. And I was like, oh my God, he might actually just be the best quarterback in the league right now. He is. He's so good. I'm so excited about him. The, the Stefan Diggs thing, while it might be like something, it, it might be like a chemistry risk, like he could absolutely elevate that offense. There's still meat on the bone in terms of their pass rate. They could, they could pass more this year. They, they kind of ran a lot on early downs last season. So there's a lot of things that could go right for him and he could end up being, you know, a top five quarterback. Especially if some of these other guys that are are running quarterbacks get hurt. So I I, you know, I really like Strout.


I just think it's a matter of he's just really not gonna run. He's, he's not gonna score touchdowns on the ground. Heif. I have, I have three guys ahead of him or I have him ahead of three guys which are in The Ringer fantasy guide. You have Richardson fifth. I don't see that one at all. Like at all. Good luck to somebody else. I just, if you're telling me he is, he's a safer bet than CJ Strat. I think that's crazy. Lamar who we have third worse offensive line. He's been injured like basically every other season he gets hurt. I just would be super nervous paying big money for him. And then I kind of just wanna see it from Kyle La Murray.


I know I just made the case for Harrison, but I just wouldn't take Kyle La Murray over CJ Strauss. Those would be my three. What were you gonna say before? Well Basically there is no hole in your case with CJ Stroud. The problem is everyone agrees with you. I would pro, I would passionately argue CJ Stroud is the most popular player in the NFL by just approval rating. I think we're at the point where more people dislike Patrick Mahomes than people who dislike CJ Stroud. I've never met anyone who thinks anything other than CJ Stroud is an awesome football player and he is an awesome guy and he's the guy that when he is in that auction draft, there's just 10 $15 of goodwill that just go up. 'cause people want CJ Stroud on their team. So the reason we have him a little lower is that there's not really any way to get CJ Stroud as a value.


Like I don't think it's possible to get him at a good price or at a good position. You have to pay this premium of, you want the most popular guy in the league Who is the highest approval rating Guys? Craig, you believe that High Fitz case because that I'm trying to come up with a counter and is it, I mean is he head of Josh Allen? Everybody loves Josh Allen. Yeah, but the Thing about Josh Allen is Josh Allen seems really cool, but he's not really in like, in front of the camera a lot. You don't really see a lot of him. Stroud has been on like a media tour since he came in the NFL. He had a podcast with Michael Parsons. Like he's very comfortable being on camera doing a podcast. So I think he's putting himself in front of people way more than people like Josh Allen or Lamar or Jalen Hertz are. Yeah, I like CJ Child. I'm in, I'm in with that one.


Alright, Danny Kelly, you're up James Cook for the bills. He's been kind of a guy that no one's talked about at all this preseason and I'm just like, I I might be the only person who thinks he's good anymore at this point. Like he rushed for a hundred. He, he rushed for 1100 yards last year. He had the 10th most touches among all running backs and he got better as the year go on, especially as the year went on. Especially after Joe Brady took over as the offensive coordinator from week 11 on, after Joe Brady took over play calling for them. He was the RB 11 in that stretch and they got rid of Stefan Diggs and he's gonna be, I think an even bigger focal point in this offense. And he, by the way, he How many, How many rushing touchdowns did he have? See that's the problem.


He didn't score a lot of touchdowns, but touchdowns are in, they're, they're volatile stat, you know what I mean? Like he doesn't get a lot of goal line looks. That's very true. He did drop a couple of touchdowns, which, you know, hopefully he won't do that again. And I can understand why people might be annoyed by that, but I, I don't know. He's an explosive guy. He's super efficient. 5.6 yards per touch, that's fifth best among running backs last year. And he did all that with like a 50% snap rate. So he's not even like, you know, he has, there's meat on the bone for him to go up and snap rate and, and like get more touches, get more opportunities in the goal in the red zone. He's not gonna get very many goal line looks and that's why he's priced where he is. But I still think he's like one of the better just running backs in the FL like just explosiveness and elusiveness.


Well I'll tell you this, he was my backup crazy pills guy. There we go. I loved James Cook last year. James Cook hit so many overs on pass receiving pass rushing or just rushing or like he was probably what one of the four best running backs in the league the last two months of the season and it just seems they've moved their team toward running the ball. Yeah, ball control. Two tight ends, move the ball down the field, use Josh's legs and it seems like he would be the beneficiary of that. It's almost like, it seems so obvious that he should be awesome in fantasy that the fact that people aren't in on it makes me nervous. I'm like, what am I missing?


Is there, are there more Buffalo Bills running backs? I don't know about, I mean they like this rookie Ray Davis, but yeah, I mean I think it's, it's purely what Craig said. He's getting sniped for goal line stuff Allen by Josh Allen. Josh Allen. Like Josh Allen the guy. And that's fair. That's definitely fair. I'm not saying he should be the number one running back. I just think people don't talk about him hardly ever. It's just kind of bizarre. Yeah, I'm in on James. I love James Cook as well. All right, one more before we go to break. Craig. You're, I absolutely hate myself for doing this guy. Who is it? Kyle Pitts. So the story of this category is the draft's going along. You've told yourself in your head, I don't want this fucking guy, he's never gonna be on my team.


I'm not ending up with him. And then the, the auction's going and it's like seven bucks and it's stopping there for 10 seconds. You're like, oh no, I can't let so and so have him for se I I'll bid eight. And then all of a sudden you're stuck with him and then you're furious. Yeah, I'm like the old grizzled detective who's getting like drawn back into one last job. Like that is how I feel with Kyle Pitts. I just think maybe this is also crazy. I it's a crazy pills guy for me. I get it. He's been a fucking disaster every year of his career, I guess except the rookie season, but like last year, right, Kyle Pitts was coming into the season. He was less than a year removed from tearing his knee. Desmond Ritter was gonna be his quarterback and they had John who smith another good tight end in the mix with him.


All right, so that was all, that was his situation heading into last year. And he Was getting well and Arthur Smith as the coach. Sure. And he was getting, and he was going in round five or six of drafts, rounds five this year. Now heading to this year. He's now two years removed from his torn knee. Kurt Cousins is now his quarterback. He has basically the Rams coaching staff as his coaches now. And he is got a solid backup quarterback in Michael Pennix who was the top 10 pick this year. He's still going the exact same spot rounds five or six. Like I, I just, I actually don't understand that at all. I think he should go lower. People are embarrassed To take, to take him, that's the thing. Yeah, yeah. You know who's embarrassed? The people who spent $29 on him in an auction draft two years ago, like me, I I I just see him and I turn the other way.


I'm just terrified of him. Craig's like McConaughey and true detective. You've got your storage unit with all the string and the board and the picture. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. I the argument though, the part where I'm a little like, I kind of want to join Craig on this, on this new case with Kyle Pitts is Bill, you know how the 49 ERs drafted Ricky Parasol? Yeah. The receiver outta Florida. Kyle Pitts came outta Florida. Ricky Parasol is older than Kyle Pitts, like, they're like a first round receiver Wow. In this year's draft is from the same college is older that Kyle Pitts who had a thousand yards to the NFL three years ago. So the idea of giving up on someone who's younger than three first rounders in this year's draft, I think that is the one thing. It's like you can't give up on someone who's, you know, He's so young, three young, he, this, he's, you know what he's gonna be, this is gonna be his 2022 Andrew Wiggins year.


All right. It just took some time. Oh yeah. He needed to find the right home. I Guess when I watch him play, I always feel like he's just a giant receiver that they're trying to pretend it's a tight end and they, it doesn't seem like they've ever figured out how to actually use him. That's a good draft rule. It's like, and anyone who's a tweener in the NFL draft, it kind of like, that's, that just means they haven't figured it out yet. Yeah, it's true. My guy, my, i I absolutely hate myself for doing this guy is Devonte Adams. Hmm. I think he's gonna have a big discount price on him. Yeah. I don't think anyone wants to take him. He is the logical guy to, to just either stop playing or get hurt because his quarterback, you know, sent some ball over the middle of that day to jump four and he got nailed by his safety.


He's gonna be in trade rumors the moment they start out Oh and three or one in four. And as you're watching it and as he becomes super cheap and you start talking to yourself, well he might be on the jets by week six, man, 18 bucks, why not? And then you're stuck with this 3-year-old unhappy guy who has the worst quarterbacks in the league and might not actually get traded. So DK unless you have anything else to add, you're up. Yeah, I agree with all that. My guy this year I kind of interpreted this as, I hate that I'm actually gonna be talking up this guy, but basically it's Tasso Hill again. We're running it back. Oh no, we're running it back. What year is this? I know. Guess what? He had four touchdowns last year.


400 yards rushing. Same number of rushing touchdowns is Bijan Robinson, who's going top three, one fewer rushing touchdown than Brie Hall who's going, you know, top three. He also had 33 catches, which is more than like a lot of like the top, he had more catches than Karen Williams. He's basically a running back, playing tight end who is the, the primary goal line slash red zone player for the Saints. And he could have an even bigger role this season. Kendra Miller can't stay healthy. The coach can't stop telling everybody that will listen that Kendra Miller sucks and he can't stay healthy. This is like the number two running back and the goal line specialist for the Saints. And you can get him with your last pick. I just got him in an auction league draft for $1 and I think he's gonna be useful this year.


I'm, I'm not saying he's gonna be like a top five tight end $1. Yeah. It's just basically, look, they'd love him still and he's probably their second best running back and he's by the way, probably gonna throw like a touchdown or two. He's gonna line up at receiver. He just basically used all over the formation. This is a new offense in in New Orleans. I'm, I can't believe I'm doing this again. I hate myself. Are you saying like, take him last in your draft? Yes, like last round. Okay. Yeah. But I just hate that I'm even talking about him is is basically Yeah, me too. Yeah, He does have like the two weeks of season winning just puts up like 25 points. Yeah. Yeah. And you're like, what ha why did I lose? Oh 'cause Tasso Hill threw for touchdown had two touchdown runs. Who's your guy? Hi Fitz.


My, my, I absolutely hate myself for doing this guy is is Tony Pollard the running back from Titans. Oh wow. We came out this show last year and we all were like, we love Tony Pollard and I wanna against My Better Instincts. And Tony Pollard broke his leg in January last year and then by August we were like, he's fine. And so yeah, he was not a good pick as a top 15 pick last year. Tony Pollard now was actually healthy and is going like 90th in drafts. He's probably like a $5 running back bill in the drafts you do with your friends and Tony Pollard like, alright, he went from the Cowboys to the Titans. That shouldn't be like a $50 difference in a fantasy draft. But that's basically it. It's, I I hate, I'm getting back on the rollercoaster. I feel like an idiot, but it reminds me of what we were saying about pits where just people feel silly for doing this again.


But Tony Pollard, I can't remember as big of a swing on a player in one year where if you look at what went wrong, it doesn't make any sense. It's, it's like Tony Pollard last year he wasn't healthy, now he's healthy and he's going even later than he was entering the 2022 season. I remember I heard a podcast last year where somebody said, I think Tony Power should be the first pick in the draft. Oh it was Craig on this podcast whatever 12 months ago. Stand by it. Yeah. He was the, he looked like one of the best running backs I'd ever seen the year before. What if you're trying to unravel what happened with that? It does and I worry about that. This with Kyron Williams too. These guys that the change of pace guys who they end up with like, you know, 175 carries and you know, it's almost like, like basketball players that can come in and come off the bench and play for like 23 minutes and they're awesome.


Dion Waiters. Yeah. If you need them to play 40 minutes, it's, it's all of a sudden a different equation. I do wonder if that was a piece of this. Okay, we are just getting started. We're gonna take a break and come back with one of my favorite categories.


Next football's back. No better place to get it on the NFL Action than FanDuel America's number one sports book Right now all customers can bet $5 and get a three week free trial of NFL Sunday Ticket from YouTube and YouTube tv and then you'll be able to watch every regular season Sunday afternoon out of market game. You'll even be able to bet on some of my bets. Yeah, bets are coming back. Sal and I are doing the big over under podcast. I have some hot takes coming two, we do a three parter. We do A FCN FFC and NFL futures so stay tuned for that. We do pretty well on those too, so you can tell some of our bets with FanDuel. You don't even have to leave the app to access realtime stats and data to help you make even more winning bets. Just visit FanDuel dot com slash bs to download America's number one sportsbook. You must be 21 plus 18 plus in DC President Select states offer ends 9 22 24. After three week free trial, the full price of NFL Sunday ticket will be automatically charged seasonally. Cancel anytime, no refunds, terms restrictions and embargoes apply YouTube TV based plan required to watch YouTube TV redemption requires a Google account and current form of payment gambling problem called 100 Gambler or visit RG hope com.


This episode is brought to by SimpliSafe. As a father, I know how important it's to make sure you're keeping your kids safe. It always feels like you could always be doing more. Right. Well here's a parenting tip. Get a SimpliSafe home security system. It's a great way to make sure your family has the protection they need even if you're not there. We have one our house and we love it. It's the summer we just went away. When you're away, you wanna know that all hell isn't breaking loose in your house. And that's where SimpliSafe comes in. If you're in trust, anyone with the safety of your loved ones, trust SimpliSafe. They've been named Best Home Security Systems by US News and World Report for five years running right now. you can get an exclusive 50% discount on a new system plus a free indoor security camera with Fast Protect monitoring. Just visit SimpliSafe dot com BS This offer is for a limited time only. So order today, once again SimpliSafe with two isaf com slash bs. There's no safe like SimpliSafe.


Alright, this is one of my favorite categories. Also an indictment of some really bad teams. The my I am staying away from that entire team, team where there's just entire teams become DNDs. I will give you for possibilities. The Carolina Panthers my own beloved New England Patriots, the New York Football Giants and any other team you wanna throw in. Dan Kelly. Yep. Who is your I'm staying away from this entire team. Team, The Panthers. I don't want anything to do with Deontay Johnson. Not only just because, not only because he's on the Panthers, but he's just an annoying player to have on your fantasy team.


He's like hurt three times a game, you know, taken off on a cart. He's always back. Oh okay. It's just an emotional rollercoaster. I don't wanna take part in And he'll like miss a block that they'll show on Red Zone of like his running back got hurt 'cause Dante Johnson didn't stand up in time on a player or something. Yeah, Exactly. I'm not interested in Bryce Young. Chuba Hubbard is gonna be the starter for half the year probably, but then who knows when, when j Jonathan Brooks comes back maybe that like, it, it, there's just nothing really to like too much about this offense going into this fantasy season. Even though they're probably gonna improve a little, I just don't wanna have anything to do with it. I'm not betting on the Panthers. Hi Fitz. I think the, the easy one is to say the Patriots. I, but I think everyone knows the Patriots gonna be bad.


I honestly, I'll go off the board and I'm gonna say the Cincinnati Bengals. Okay. Spicy And again, and I'm saying it because again, it's easy to say like one team will be so bad, like the Patriots look, they're projected for like the fewest points in the entire league this season, but they're projected that way. My concern with the Bengals is just, I'm concerned about Joe Burrough's wrists and I like, again, he has this unprecedented wrist injury for a quarterback and everyone's just like, yeah, this unprecedented wrist injury, the recovery's gonna be totally normal. And I'm like, yeah, I I I'm gonna let someone else figure that out. Like the Bengals are a better team or the n NFL's a better league when Joe Burrow's healthy and the Bengals are awesome. I'm just really concerned and there's no injury discount. Like ARD Chase is being drafted fifth sixth, like it's not even happening.


He's a 50, you know, maybe a $60 receiver and people are acting like it's not happening. I would love to be in on T Higgins this year in a contract year. But I just looked at CI Joe Burrow is being taken like right after CJ Strout, it's like the seventh quarterback and I just look and I'm like, where is it being factored in that he has this unprecedented wrist injury that he can't throw three days in a row at training camp. And I just look and I just don't see that being factored in. And so at cost, yeah. Mad on Cincinnati this year. I just, I feel like I'm, I feel like I'm taking crazy pills in this one too. I like the way you put that. Has he practiced three days in a row yet? Joe Won. He's thrown a ball three days in a row training camp one time in 25 days of August. So he did it. He did it.


Yeah, he did. There we go. He did. Yeah, We did it. I like the way you put that with the actual cost of the Bengals isn't remotely worth what in there. Craig's shaking his head sadly. Usually there's one team that I have here, but I really, there will be no Panthers or Patriots on my fantasy football team in any of them for any reason. I can't, unless you're in like a dynasty league or like some sort of keeper league and you wanna grab Drake May because two years from now he might be awesome. I just don't see it. And then Carolina, I can't, I just can't think of anything worse. Like we said that last year, that was the team we targeted for this and we were correct. Yeah, Feland had a couple, he had a couple weeks where it was like, ah, maybe he could potentially be your third receiver during a bye week.


But they were, they were pretty awful. Craig, any, do you have any zags on this? Are you back in the crew? I I'm with you. It's the Patriots for me. Why'd you say it? So sadly, look, I don't even think the Patriots necessarily wanna be good this year. So why would No they don't. Yeah. So that no shame. We once far more got hurt. That was it for the Patriots, Susan. Then all of a sudden ju Don's getting traded. Yeah. And yeah, that's it. Okay. Danny. Hmm. I think I know who this is gonna be, but my shameless Homer pick where we have a guy on our own team that you just shamelessly overrate or love or just want, I, I don't even need to guess who this is for you, but go ahead.


Oh, you probably think it's gonna be DK Metcalf, don't you? I was gonna say Kenneth Walker of the Seahawks running back who I think is like top four or five pure running backs in the NFL. That's me being a shameless homer. Well I thought 100% this was gonna be Kenneth Walker, so just Oh, okay, cool. And I know what Heifetz's pick is gonna be. Craig, I'm not, I don't trust Craig. I, he might zag on me, but I, the the two Dannys I, I knew for sure. I want to give you my quick Seahawks pitch for why they're going to outplay their ADPs. All the Seahawks players are gonna outplay their ADPs in fantasy this year. And it is because they're going to run more plays pure and simple. They were the dead last in the NFL last year in plays their time of possession margin.


So they had a six minute difference between their offense and the opponent offense last year. And it was like twice as much as the 31st ranked team. Which was the Patriots by the way. They basically is that Your coach was old? Like what are the reasons for that? It Was literally because they couldn't stop the run opponent. Opposing teams would just run the ball and then get a bunch of, first down they had Seattle's opponents had the most first down running, first rushing first down in the league last year. So they would just, I think Pete Just loved playing defense. They would, he would ak He just wanted seeing the defense out there. I love those guys Out. They would just squeeze the life outta the CX offense. CX offense was efficient. They were 12th in DVOA and they were 12th in I think it was like yards per play and, and points per drive So.


it was like this was a top like third offense in the NFL efficiency wise. But they just could not run enough plays 'cause the defense couldn't get off the field. And I think that's gonna change big time this year. I think Mike McDonald will make their defense at least respectable and that will give the Offense Brian Murphy. Does Byron have a nickname yet? Oh, I don't think so. Not that I know of. He, he kind of needs one. I I think he's gonna be a badass. Oh he Looks great in in the limited snaps and preseason. He's looked really, really disruptive. Like the Wolverine Byron Murphy. I don't know what it would be. I like that Heifetz just go, we know it. We know who you're taking. Well I'm a huge Giants fan so obviously I'm really pumped about wa Dale Robinson entering the season. No, Malik Nrs, he's the second coming of Odell Beckham.


It's as Craig said, it was so long ago, 10 years ago it was Odell Beckham. Malik Nabors. He checks every box. It's the same size that Chamar chase the LSU lineage. He continues the, the crazy run of LSU receivers in the NFL. There's, look, I everyone knows, but like he's got this deep speed, he's got the, he would, you know, he'd be in that shortlist of guys who could win a game of tag if all the players played. Like he could do anything, get open deep and short. And also he has my favorite quality in NFL receivers, which is he doesn't have a case on his iPhone, which to me, like I think that's necessary to be an alpha receiver in the N-F-L-D-C. Confidence. Confidence any, yeah, I don't trust any receivers with outer boxes on their iPhone. Yeah. I'm all in a neighbors and I think that's, I I couldn't, I don't think I've been more excited for an n like a Giants player since Odell.


Including Saan Barkley Doesn't have a case, so that means he is unafraid, Arrogant hands. Yeah. if you, if a receiver's dropping his phone all the time, I don't like that. Okay. We have him in our ringer guide. We have him 56th for, for overall and for at, for the actual receiver spot, he has Tank Dell over him. Diggs I Am obviously higher on him Than Devonta Smith. I would take him over those guys. I I think I'm bringing him down 'cause I'm not that enough. Do you Know who his quarterback is? Well, doesn't matter. I Don't wanna die on the Giants, you know what I mean? I I don't need to do that.


There's A feast or famine thing with him though. 'cause he is gonna have some weeks where it's like one catch for 13 yards and then he is gonna have like the 80 yard touchdown or the reverse or whatever. So Okay. Sadly I'm up with my shameless homer pick on a team where I don't want any of their fantasy guys. I do really like everything I've read, watched, seen from Jaline po Mm. And I think he has a chance, especially in the second half of the season where if they end up trading Kendrick board in like week six to a team that needs a receiver, I I really do think he could have some like seven for 98 for a hundred. I wouldn't spend more than a dollar on him.


I wouldn't take him, you know, it'd be the tail end of the draft. But he's the real deal. I think he is the best receiver they've probably drafted since Settleman who wasn't even a receiver right away. But he's just, he's checked every box so far and really seems talented. Craig, what do you got? I have to go with George Pickens. I love George Pickens again. You guys are back. Yeah, he's just, he is the most exciting Steelers receiver since Antonio Brown. And he's the perfect Steelers receiver. 'cause he's super talented and he's always pissed. Yeah. You know, he has The, it's a long lineage. He has the most highlights that actually end up not being real catches. Like that dude has the most catches ever that are just out of bounds. But would be incredible if he had like one more blade of grass in play.


I I, I don't know. I mean, look, he had Kenny Picket and Matt Canada for the first two years of his career. Regardless of what you think about Russell Wilson or Justin Fields or Arthur Smith, like this is an undeniable huge upgrade. So I have to be into him. I wish Fields' preseason had been a little better. I wish the entire Steelers preseason had been, I wish I saw one thing I liked from anything that happened this month, Bill, we figured out the preseason, it took us however many years to doing our show. The preseason is the driving range. And the problem with Kenny Pickett last year was he had an incredible range session. Yeah. Yeah. And then it was terrible. Oh. But when you're but when you're bad on the range, then you have a good round. Interesting. Yeah, He didn't, he didn't.


No, I just, I dunno what the, there's no positives coming from the Steelers. That's true. That Wilson Fields battle is one of the all time atrocities. Yeah, it's bad. It really, it's just like, Wilson died two years ago as a started quarterback and fields were trying to make happen. He is gonna be 35 we're like, here it comes. The steer new category I didn't tell you guys about, 'cause there's only one answer for it. The veal chop guy, my veal chop guy for this year. It's a, it's a special a chain you guys have talked about on your pod. The, just every year there's the hit or Ms. Guy that you feel like if you miss out on, you're just gonna have deep regret.


But if you take it, you know there's a 50% chance it's probably not gonna work out and it's ruined your draft. And that's how I feel when I order the veal chop. Yeah. Just, you just never know. And sometimes it's amazing. And then other times it's like my whole dinner's ruined. And also that was $85 DK make the H chan case for us. Yeah. I almost put him as my one True love people that listen to our show know I'm, I'm obsessed with Devon h Chan. So last year he finishes the RRB four and points per game, 16 points per game on 42% snaps. He had 11 touches per 11.8 touches per game. 42nd among running backs. if you get him 15 touches a game, he's the RB one in points per game.


I'm just saying that. And I think that they're gonna make a concerted effort to get him more involved in the passing game. We've seen flashes of that in the preseason, but I mean obviously he, he, he's a, his floor is good because he, he, even if he doesn't have a lot of volume, he's so efficient. Like he was, he, he was best in the NFL in yards before contact and yards after contact last year. Like if that gives you an idea. And he was second, he Was like, he was like if an NBA player shot 40% from half court for the entire season. Yeah. So, I don't know. I just think he's really, really good and he is in the perfect offense to utilize his strengths and his speed and, and the way that they manipulate space and that offense is amazing. We've seen him line up wide a couple times.


They're, they're hitting him on vertical shots in the preseason. I still think there's just a ton of meat on the bone for him to get more touches. And obviously the, the issue and the worry here is he might get hurt, but I don't know man. I well You had him at $39 and you had him in in his own tier. He was another guy who, another guy. There's nobody else who compares to this dude. He Fitz. Would you rather have them or not have them? I think you'd rather have them. I You'd rather have h at 40 bucks. Would you rather, do you want him as 40, like a 41, 40 $2 guy? Potentially If he's good that it doesn't, like if he gets the touches, the price doesn't matter. You're gonna want him on your team. And it, like, it's not the stock market, it's not something you're not trying to take small gains all it's like Ricky Bobby, your first or last, and every year there's like three players, four players that just having taken that player, your odds of making the championship are like four x and you're talking about eight Chan had eight yards of carry last year as a running back.


That's like if a quarterback had 15 yards per attempt. Right. And so yeah. He might not go well. But the problem is if eight chan does have another incredible season and he's even better this year, I, I don't know how you're gonna be able to beat the team that has him. I don't need to ask Craig if he likes eight chan because you're like Jenny Gump. You're just standing on your hotel room balcony pretending you can fly. When you do fantasy, you're like, I go for a ride. I want, I want him and Rheem Moer. Just gimme both of them. Yeah. The combo. Yeah. Okay, next category. We'll start with Hugh Heifetz. The, my, I wouldn't take him even if he was free guy, which is a nice way of saying this is the DND list, the do not draft list.


Who's your number one? D and DI Mean, it's Deshaun Watson for the Browns. Not only do you have all this off field stuff with him, but hey, on the on the field, he's been the worst quarterback in the NFL and he's always hurt and he's hurt again now. So I don't know why. I don't know why I wanted to see, I I didn't even know he was eligible for this list. 'cause who's excited to draft Deshaun Watson? Is there anyone in your life who's like, I Brown fans don't tell anyone. It's Deshaun Watson. This is The year, This is it. They're changing the offense for him. He's gonna let it up. Well, mine is tied to Deshaun Watson, Jerry Judy, it, it's an amalgam of things that I just reject fundamentally with fantasy football.


He's never really done it. He's better in name than actual action. He's heard every year we have no real evidence that he's a really good receiver and yet there's talent. So people are like, Jerry Judy, watch out. He's on a team with a, with a shit quarterback. And I, I I wouldn't pay a dollar for him. Like I, I wouldn't if he was a dollar, I'm like, I'm out. I don't want, I'll spend my dollar on Tso Hill and try to get te five for two weeks. Craig, who's your guy? Devin Singletary the running back on the Giants. Like I just, I can't deal with Daniel Jones. I can't deal with the Yeah, that's tough. He stresses me out. I'm, I'm cutting toxic people outta my life and that's the Giants. I'm just not doing it. I'm good Care. You have how many touches he's gonna get.


Craig Mine's a little bit similar because it's just cutting out players that have disappointed me in the past. And this year for me it's AJ di of the Packers who's looking like he's gonna be the backup slash rotational one B guy for the Packers offense. He, to me is just the living and embodiment of the old expression. If you need one yard, he'll get you three yards. If you need five yards, he'll get you three yards. Like if you need seven fantasy points, he'll get you eight. If you need 10, he'll get you eight. Like he's just a roster clogger, he's not gonna give you any upside. if you want those eight points, that's fine, but like you can get that from a hundred other guys. I just don't really, you know, I just don't want that on my team. It's just taking up a spot. I like it. All right, I'm gonna lead this next category. It is the my that 2023 booty call ain't happening again Guy, it's a guy that you had a little fling with in November and December.


Didn't expect it, it turned out great. Picked him up maybe off the waiver wire or some dumb trade. You really enjoyed it and you're probably not gonna date him in 2024. For me it's Williams and the Rams. I really, he, I loved how he finished down the stretch. He's being treated as a top 10 receiver. I think he's really good. I just have real questions like the Rams offensive line now their left tackle is gonna miss the first two games. There was injury stuff with them. Anyway, he's got a rookie running back right behind him who I think we all like who might steal some carries. And I think he's being treated as, last year was the launching pad for him to be a top five or top six running back.


And I don't know if he's gonna get the carries and I don't know if he's gonna stay healthy. He is already had a lot of injuries. So that would be my guy. Who do you have DK Jordan Addison, the Vikings receiver. Oof. He, he basically, you know, he went off last year, he scored 10 touchdowns, but there were a lot of other variables to at play here. Justin Jefferson was hurt, TJ Hawkinson was hurt. His se he had a 17% target rate, like that's really not gonna get it done in Fantasyland. And now Justin Jefferson's back, Kirk Cousins is gone. You know, Sam in this offense could be a little bit better than people expected, but I don't think it's gonna be what we saw with Kirk Cousins. So I just don't think he, he basically got by on scoring a lot of touchdowns and I just don't think that's gonna happen again.


Hez Joe Flacco, you know, Joe Flaco was the number two fantasy quarterback in December last year. The only person who had more fantasy points than Flaco in December was Lamar Jackson. How is, how, how is he your guy? He's not even starting. Well it's the, it's the, he's not happening against Some boot call. No, it's good. Okay. Did you not have any league where someone picked him up and you're like, God, what an idiot. I can't believe they're playing Joe Flacco and then Joe Flacco like 30 points and I, and they wrote him and there's people like that won championships. Yeah. Yeah. He was like, you're you're right. Outta college and somebody starts hooking up with like a 42-year-old divorced woman. It's only last a couple weeks has no chance of ever been long term.


I, here's the thing about Joe Flaco. Is it crazy to think he could throw for 2,500 yards this year with Anthony Richardson? He's the Richardson where 90 things could go wrong with Anthony Richardson, including the fact that he got hurt twice last year. Craig, who do you have? Zach Moss rocked my world for like five weeks last year. He Was great. It'll never happen again. But man, that, that was a special time when Jonathan Taylor was holding out. Zach Moss was just going fucking crazy. Everybody was scrambling to Adam spending a ton of money and free agency to get him on your team. Yeah. Now he's on the Bengals. I guess he's the starter. I, I don't, I don't think I, I wanted anything to do with Zach Moss. I think that was a flash in the pan, but it was a great time.


I'll look back on it fondly. It's a good one. All right, next one. Craig, you are my, Hey look, somebody's gotta get points on that team guy. Is, is it Josh Palmer? you can double dip if you want. Well, it actually is Josh Palmer. But because I, I didn't wanna pick the same guy. I I have to go with Terry McCluen on the Commanders. I mean, they just traded away Johan Dotson, they're tight ends. There's Zach Ertz who's like 43 years old and a rookie Ben sin and there are other receivers are guys most people have never heard of. And I'm like, maybe this is the year that Terry McCluen actually puts up a decent year because the poor guy's had the worst quarterbacks in the league for his entire career and it's, it's kind of just him now more than it's ever been.


So if somebody's gonna catch passes on this team, it's gonna be Terry McClure. That's a good one because he is sometimes a jump out of the TV guy. Yeah, and you've always like, you know, he had Sam Howell must from 4,000 yards last year. I I still, I thought that was the stat of the year. I like that one. What do you have dk I got the Broncos backfilled essentially. So right now it's Javonte Williams and Jule McLaughlin and I particularly am kind of interested in Jule McLaughlin at the end of the draft, like a $1 guy Sean Peyton in, in his history has always had running backs that produce last year. I mean we saw like the, I think this the Broncos had the highest pass rate to running backs of the entire NFL. It's like 20 something percent.


And now we have a quarterback who loves passing and checking down and taking the, like the easy option, like taking care of the football, distributing it in bow nicks. I think that the running backs in this offense are gonna catch a ton of passes. So especially in half PPR and PPR leagues. Jou McLaughlin is a really interesting sleeper for me. By the way, this is a guy some Buzz for him too, by the way. Yeah. And he's, you know, he started playing with his starters in the preseason low key. I hadn't realized this until recently, but he was college football's all time leading rusher 8,166 yards. Wow. But he played for, he played for fcs, Youngstown State. So obviously caveat there, but supremely supremely productive player in college. He's just good.


I mean he passes GI test for me. Really? You know, just a droit pass catcher. He just, he he, he like, He him as as a top 10 breakout guy, which I thought Shriekers list sometimes he'll nail like four or five of those. So Here's a stat. He was third in half PPR points per snap last year behind Devon Chan and Keaton Mitchell. He Gots behind a chan and all this. Yeah. Hi. Who do you have Somebody that's gotta get points to that team? I mean I think it's Deontay Johnson for the Panthers. I know we're kind of out on the Panthers. Yeah. And I, I'm not even saying I'm endorsing it, but they got Deontay Johnson at trade because they're gonna throw to Deontay Johnson on like every pass. I mean, I think he's gonna get a third of all their completions this year will probably just be to Deontay Johnson.


There's like very little competition there. It's disgusting. I don't recommend anyone watching the Carolina Panthers, but if you need a Carolina Panther, I guess you could go with Deonte Johnson. Mine we mentioned earlier is Malik Neighbors, where if the giant score 20 touchdowns this year, I feel like he's gonna have like 10 of them. But I, I just wouldn't want anyone else in that team. Okay. Our next category, this is a fun one. I'll be, we, I think we're gonna have four different responses for this. The, my sorry, that's a little too rich for my blood guy. So basically is the auctions going? Tony Pollard was the perfect example of this last year. It was like, I like Tony Pollard.


I don't know if I wanna spend 53 bucks. Craig's like, I'll go 60. Craig, who do you have for this? We've hit on this so it's not as fun, but it's Jamar Chase going in like the middle of the first round. I just, I I I don't think I can spend as much money on Jamar chase as I am guys like Tyree Kilton cd lamb because of the Burrow thing. I just can't do it. I agree. dk I got Kyron Williams, you mentioned him already at cost. It's just a little bit much. He has a history of foot and ankle injuries. He already had another foot or ankle injury, I can't remember what it was, but that, that kept him out of the preseason part of the way. And so he's just, he's undersized, he runs really hard and they gave him a ton of Carries last year and I think he's gonna lose some of his, his market share in terms of totals and opportunities this year because they, they got Blake and I think they wanna protect him.


So at cost, I think you're paying for like the volume you got last year and I'm just, I'm just usually looking past him at that, at that part of the draft. Hi, Call me old fashioned Marvin Harrison Jr. I don't want a rookie as my number one receiver in my fantasy team. Maybe I'm, maybe I'm out of touch with the youth but I just, I'd rather get Malik neighbors 20 spots later. If I have to take a rookie That hurts. Fine. Mine's easy. Jonathan Taylor, This is a good one. I thought about that. Why are you sure he's gonna be awesome again? And what are the examples of Running Backs who were awesome for a little while and then had a super off year just like immediately turned the switch back on. I kind of wanna see it. Yeah. Also like is it gonna be harder to run if your quarterback can't complete a pass?


It's also like the, it's the Eagles thing where Jalen hurt, steals all the goalline touches. Like Richardson might be that guy and he doesn't, he doesn't check down as as much as some other quarterbacks because he's scrambling instead, you know, he's part of the running game. He's, he's stealing some of the rushing yards from the offense. It is, it is an interesting one. It's like you're, it feels like you're buying Taylor at his absolute peak. Yeah. And our list, he's RB four and he is 50 bucks. I can promise you I'm not spending 50 bucks on Jonathan Taylor. I'm just telling you right now. Hi Fitz. Who's your $1 QB guy this year. If you want a dollar QB guy, I feel like Jared Goff, Justin Herbert, Tua, I think any of those I would start with Goff.


I'm curious where you think the dollar quarterbacks could game. I See, I don't think those guys are, I, I think those guys are dollar QBs on paper but I don't think they're cost. They would actually go for a dollar, right? Yeah, Someone bids them up and then you gotta go Three bucks to get them. It's like you have to pay three. At least In that case then honestly I think that there's so many good quarterbacks and you're gonna laugh at me for this in advance and so You, so none no for no no $1 guys the answer Is if there's someone, it's Justin Fields, which is a little insane. Yeah. 'cause I don't think he's gonna play to start the season. But the moment anything happens to Russell Wilson, again, Justin Fields, even when he is bad in real life, Justin Fields I, I mean even 2022, Justin Fields was a top six fantasy quarterback like in 2023 by points per game.


Justin Fields, once he had a bad September, but then he got really going with the best months of his career in October. Yeah. From October on Justin Fields was like a top 10 fantasy quarterback points per game. And so with the rushing upside, like he's one of the few guys that can actually get a 30, 35 point performance if he's playing. So Fields is a guy that I don't mind carrying on a bench or just I am on waves but at dollar in a league, see what happens to Russ early in the season. Is it, I'm up next. Is it realistic to say Matt Stafford is a $1 quarterback or no, He's in that area. He's in that golf tier where yeah He's in that three to four range. So I really wanted to say Sam darn here and I can't get there 'cause he's Sam darn.


I, I had other reasons, but really that was the number one reason. But don't do it, don't do it just on paper like those receivers and it's like, ah, Sam Donald. But I'm not gonna do it. I don't mind the Drake May $1 laid flyer, hope he's starting by week five because he really can move and they're gonna be behind a lot. And I could see like when we get to, like their schedule gets a little easier as we get into the middle part of the season where he might actually be able to put some points. But I don't know, I I just think there's upside with it for a buck late, late, late or last pick in the draft just to see what would happen.


Who do you have, How many quarterbacks do you hold on your, in your leagues bill quarter? Well, you know, quarter I like to take five to seven. You have more I like to load up. You have more quarterbacks than actual NFL teams carry. Yeah, I like to load up. You never know quarterbacks get hurt. You know I talk to the Atlanta GM about this a lot after he spent 50 million a year on cousins. It's like, you know what, I gotta take number eight on Pex. Never know you need help there. Craig, who's your $1 guy? Does Gino Smith count? Does he qualify? He might. So that, so maybe it's a, maybe we should change his category to my $3 qb. Yeah, maybe I would do Aaron Rogers or Gino Smith. Just Like late round slash cheap tv. Yeah, Yeah, that's a better, I should have done that before.


Who's so, so your $3 QB would be golf Hefetz. Yeah, I think mine's Stafford. Who's yours? Danny? I went with Justin Fields. It's the Forrest Gump at Alabama thing. Like he might be the worst passing son of a bitch alive, but he sure is fast. He can, he can run man. He's, he's like one of the fastest players in the league I think. And like we said, like Hefe said, it's the rushing upside is just monumental if he gets in this offense and honestly he might play like Russell Wilson. I was a little bit excited about him coming into this preseason, but man he has looked really bad so far and it doesn't sound like there's that many good vibes going on. So could see Justin Fields play. Yeah. Who would've guessed that that situation might not have worked out?


Craig, who is your my, I'd be afraid to look on Tuesday and see the red flag guy. Meaning you take the guy deep down, you know him might get hurt, then things go well for five weeks. You are like, I'm so glad I took him that. This is great. And then you go on Tuesday week six and it's the red flag and the yellow square that there's news and you're like, oh no. Oh God, what happened? Who is it for you this year? It's gotta be Anthony Richardson. Right? Like especially if you're in a, if you're in a league that has two quarterbacks, you gotta spend a lot in your auction drafts. Like you gotta spend 40, 50, 60 bucks on quarterbacks. You drop 50 bucks on Anthony Richardson, which I might do next weekend in my draft.


I'm like, man, you know, do I think the, the upside is there where he could have a Cam Newton next season where he runs for 15 touchdowns and throws for 25? Yes. He showed it a little bit. And his rookie year, he had four touchdowns in four games. He looked awesome, but he just needs to stop lowering his head into like three linebackers. He's like those, remember it's like those outfielders who just like sprint into the back fence as fast as they can. There was an Oakland egg growing up. Eric Burns used to do that. He would like dislocate his shoulder every three months because he was sprinting into the wall. And I do feel like Anthony Richardson needs to learn how to, how to slide a little bit. But yeah, I mean that was the Larry Bird problem way back. He would be like flying into the scores table trying to save some loose balls.


I would do Too much hustle. Yeah. Who do you have dk I have JK Dobbins. I, I wanna believe, and and honestly it wouldn't surprise me if he had like 115 yards and three touchdowns in week one and we're like, oh God, this, this guy's gonna be, you know, the greatest value in fantasy football. But then by week three he's like banged up and hurt and you're like, oh wow, that was fun. I dunno, I'm, I'm excited to see if he can be the starter for the Chargers, but I'm very worried about obviously the, you know, the long laundry list of injuries that he's had in his career. He also has about as much confidence as anybody's ever had who had a major injury and hasn't really done that much, but talks like he's Jamal you, Jamal Adams, Jamal Adams and JK Dobbins.


Don't Go after. Yeah. That's the rational confidence. All stars right there. Don't go after These guys on Twitter. Don't go after him anyway. They'll find you. Right. They might find this clip right now and be like, what? What'd you say? Hi, Fitz. Do you have, I think I Craig's on is something with Anthony Richardson And the the other one I think you gotta throw is Christian McCaffrey just because he's got the calf injury missing the preseason. If you're taking Christian McCaffrey first or second or third or whatever, obviously it's 'cause you think Yeah, whatever, he'll be fine. And then if you, if the injury thing pops up week three and you're like, oh, calf, huh, okay, I've made a huge mistake. Yeah, Exactly. So I think we should have talked about him sooner than an hour into this podcast, but I'm so scared to take that dude.


Especially like the calf hamstring. Like we've just seen it with the running backs. It's like, oh, there's been red flag goes up, there's been a setback. He stopped full contact practicing because there's some soreness he's gonna take a day off. There's nothing worse. DK mania. Disagree. Go ahead. No, dk and I disagree because I I, I'm basically like, I don't want my first round pick to have a calf injury in August and D K's like you're a worrywart And I, I want my, I want my first round pick to have scored a hundred more points than the second place running back last year. That's, We're like the only ranking that don't have McCaffrey number one. Overall I do For the record. So if he gets hurt, sorry, but Craig, it's weird that you're not Jenny dumping that one just climbing right on the balcony again.


McCaffrey No, four Oh boys. No, I don't mess with preseason injuries. They freak me out and McCaffrey's such a maniac. He's gonna push himself to play. They should sit him for a weekend and Shanahan. Yeah. So I had McCaffrey. I think Deebo is just grandfathered into this category every year because every year the red flag pops up. You just know when you draft him it's gonna happen. But my guy this year is Nick Chubb because as we get closer to the season, I, I've always loved Nick Chubb. I mean, he's been one of my all time my guys forever. And, and I could see myself talking myself into him and being like, I'll spend $8 on Jerome Ford as a stopgap starter until Nick's ready. And then Nick will be ready week four.


And then he's Gonna be Nick first name basis Nick. We call each, you know, we're first name each other Nick and Nick. Nick carries me in November and I win the title and I just, that injury was so bad. I just like, why, why talk yourself into somebody recovering from a complete total reconstructive knee surgery. So, And it's the second one on the same knee. Yeah. You heard it a while ago. All right, one more break and then we have some fun categories then.


This episode is brought to you by Michelob ULTRA. Michelob ULTRA good for many things. Camping barbecues, cheering on your favorite team. Hanging out on a nice summer night, which I just did actually on Friday night. Just sitting outside just having a beer And. guess what? Michelob. ULTRA because they sent me a bunch of Michelob Bal ULTRA and it's really good And. there were only a couple left and I was mad 'cause every time we put it in the fridge, somebody drinks it, but it was delicious. Be sure to stock up for the summer. Enjoy Michelob Bal ULTRA Superior Light Beer. Order a pack of Michelob b ULTRA today. Have it delivered through doordash.com, LDA 21 and up


This episode is brought to by Uber Reserve. You know, it's a game changer for travel. Booking my ride in advance to the airport with Uber Reserve. Uber Reserve makes it easy to plan my whole trip. I just did this. Booking rides up to 90 days in advance to help squeeze the most outta traveling. Especially if you're doing odd hours rush hours like early in the morning, you gotta do it. Plus, with Uber Reserve, you'll get an assigned driver, you get upfront pricing and you get extra wait time included. So go ahead plan like a pro. Reserve your Uber ride up to 90 days in advance. See App for details.


All right. Danny Kelly, you are my, I know there's a 99% chance he's getting hurt again, but God damn, I can't resist this guy, guy. Who is it? James Connor running back for the Cardinals every year. He'll miss a few games. Granted it's just kind of, you have to, it's baked into his, his, his price. But I think he's still got it. I think he's a really good running back. Like he passes the eye test for me. People, you know, maybe complain that he's not the fastest guy, but he breaks a ton of tackles. He has a ton of yards after the catch. In fact, he was only Christian McCaffrey, Derrick Henry and Isaiah Pacheco had more yards after contact last year than him. He was third in Ms. Tackle's fourth. So he's gonna be the Bell cow guy in this offense next year. They, they showed a ton of trust in him.


I think this offense is gonna be a lot better than it was last year. And I don't know, I'm just taking the value on James Connor every year. I feel like I'm the only one still just scooping up Connor every season. And he always just produces, at least when he's on the field. Yeah, I've, I don't think I've ever had him and I'm always jealous because it just seems like he just has these four week ones where he is just ripping off points. Yeah, if you have high fits. I dk just mentioned him, JK Dobbins, the running back for the Chargers. JK Dobbins, he's gonna get hurt. Lucky he had the Clay Thompson, the A ACL, the Achilles, he's 25 J Dobbins is 25 years old. He's like two years older than Jaden Daniels. He just was the second pick of the draft. And everyone's given up on j Dobbins on Yahoo.


JK Dobbins is like the hundred and 50th ranked player. You, I think he'll straight up be the starting running back for the Chargers and you can get 'em literally right before you take it To, with Harbaugh and a good offensive line. Yeah. And, and an identity. Yeah. He's, They're gonna try to lead the league in Carries again. Literally he's Raheem Moer this year. It's like Raheem Moer outside of McCaffrey. That was the best pick you could have made. It was Raheem Moer like the 13th round to me. Jake Dobbins, if there is one this year, it's J Dobbins. Well, you're gonna laugh at, at mine and you probably would've been able to predict it. J-Lo and Ben Affleck have obviously had a rocky, they've ma been married twice. There's been some comebacks and it never ends great as it just ended badly.


That's me and Christian Watson. Two years ago I wrote him down the stretch. I think he had eight, like eight touchdowns in four games. He was like the most exciting young receiver in the league. I went in on him last year. He just broke my heart, hurt my feelings, did a bunch of things that really like, brought my self confidence down and finally I traded him or waved him, I can't even remember. And whoever got him next, he immediately went on a run. And I'm vulnerable and I'm hurt and I kind of wanna work it out with him and have him again. And I know he is gonna get hurt if I take him. So that's my guy. He's super excited to have, he's super fun to watch. And I don't know if I'll ever put it together, but I don't want it to be with somebody else.


I love it. Who's who's, who's left you? Craig? Yeah. Yeah. Craig, you're last. Mine's Raheem Moer. Yeah. He's kind of getting pushed to the side. He's getting way pushed to the side. I mean, the guy led the league in touchdowns last year. He's in the exact same situation and he's going 75th overall. Like what are we doing at the, at the, we did a Seattle live show last week for the fantasy football show. And I compared Devon a chan to Zoe Kravitz and Raheem Moer to Lisa Bonnet. I'm like, look, sure they're a little older, but like if you squint, they pretty much look the same. Like Raheem Moer is, is way closer to Toon a chan than we're giving him credit for right now on this team, I'm gonna have the H chan a chain thing settled by November.


Okay. That's my plan's my pro be h dyslexia. He needs to get rid the EI know it's spelled Ahan and I just Yeah, I know. And I just can't, it's the same issue with me over and over again. All right. Wow. We're really getting into the good stuff now. Danny Heifetz, you are my 2022 Cooper Cup. It's a year after the year guy. You don't wanna have anybody a year too late after they've had the big year. Who is it for you this year? Not quite the spirit of the award. I, I mean, I know we already talked about CJ Stroud. I do think there's gonna be a little bit of a comedown on Stroud, but I think that if it's, that's more young than what we're talking about. I think it has to be Stefan Diggs for the Texans, just because I think that for Diggs decline down the stretch in Buffalo, which where again, he had fewer receiving yards than Khalil Shaki for the final three months for Buffalo.


Yeah. Not to mention that they sh frankly, he dropped the pass. They should have won the game of the playoffs for Diggs. It's basically either he kind of fell off or he was hurt. I I I, I understand that there were scheme changes with Ken Dorsey and stuff at outfit coordinator, but I don't think it's, it, it, it is possible for me to reconcile what happened in Buffalo at the end unless you think there was a decline or an injury. And I think Diggs is the guy that stands out as, as, as like Cooper Cup, just, all right. You just have to have an opinion on whether the cliff is here or not. I'm really embracing the spirit of the world with mine. I'm, I'm taking Puka Oh yeah. Year after the year. It's just like the legacy of Cooper Cup. Cooper Cup has been a mentor to him and now he's mentoring him and how to be a huge fantasy disappointment in 2024 because I, I just think he's gonna be banged up all year.


Craig, who do you have? I, is it bad that I love Devon h Chan, but this, the answer is Devon h Chan. Like that's the answer to this category. Like Again, it could be one of those where you were like, Hey, remember that time when he had that one awesome year and now he's in the, the ZF the XFL. What? Yeah. What ffl are we in? X-U-U-F-L? There's a million of it. We're terrible league this. Yeah. Nobody knew who this guy was. He came onto the scene like crazy and again, he was shooting 40% from half court. Like maybe he's just not gonna do that again. And there's a lot of great running backs on this team. So although he's awesome, I mean this guy's going for $50 in your league and he, he like barely gets 10 run rushes a game. That's just kind of insane. Dk who do you have?


Keenan Allen. He finished as the wide receiver three last year. That's a good one. 17 points per game. He basically had zero target competition on a team with Justin Herbert that passed 37 times a game, which was third most in the NFL. Now he's on Chicago with a rookie quarterback. I love, I love Caleb Williams, but it's a rookie quarterback. He has DJ Bore, Roma, Dunay, Deandre Swift, Gerald Everett, Cole t you know, down the line. There's just much more target competition. I think they're gonna spread it out a whole bunch more. I'm not really buying the whole 230 pounds thing is is the big deal. I don't, I I'm not like on that, but I just think he's probably not going to get nearly the, the target volume that he got last year. All right. One of my favorite categories.


I tried to do this last year with Philadelphia with mixed results. My, I just want everyone on that offense. I don't fucking care guy or in this case team. I'm gonna go, I think it's a Green Bay Packers. That's mine too. Just wanna, I just want all the people on the team including the tight end. Give me everybody, both tight ends. You're super happy. I think they're gonna score points. I don't even know which wide receiver is gonna be the wide receiver one, but I like all of them. The Josh Jacobs rejuvenation year. I'm in Jordan Love. Second half of season in, I'm just in on that team.


So Craig, you have them too. Yeah, I just think, you know, everyone's looking at the Texans and the Packers as like the two most exciting ascending offenses. It's like Texans Packers, super Bowl. We love Stroud, we love Jordan Love. That's all great. Everyone's drafting all the players on the Texans. The you, you people are drafting three Texans wide receivers in the top 65, which is Dell Digs and Nico Collins. People are drafting zero packers wide receivers in the top 80, which I don't really understand. if you think that this team is gonna be a top five offense, it'd be awesome. None of these receivers are being drafted. I would take any of them. I would take Christian Watson, Jaden, Reed, Davian, wicks Re, Romeo Dobbs is probably a sleeper.


People are bored with him 'cause he was like a six round Picker and he's got the most buzz out of the four dudes in the preseason. They brought going nuts about him. Jordan, Everybody just loves To believe that he loves Dobbs. Yeah. Yeah. I don't even know who the number one is. What do you have for this one dk Call me crazy about, I want all the chiefs, you know, you know the team with Patrick Mahomes. It's a good zag. Yeah. Pacheco, Kelsey Mahomes, Rashi Rice, Xavier Worthy, the rookie Hollywood Brown. Like you could get several of those guys if you like, go through the draft. And I mean this is a team obviously Patrick Mahomes best quarterback in the NFL. This is a team that has been over the years, one of the highest pass rate teams over expected.


They want to go up Tempo. Last year was like, we don't have anybody, so we're gonna completely sort of change our identity. I think there's a chance to get back to their like high, high octane pass first. Like let's score 50 points a game and just, you know, grind our opponents into dusk kind of deal through the passing game. And so yeah, I I kind of went back on that in, in the, you know, Patrick Mahomes renaissance or whatever. In in fantasy Ifs, I actually also had the Chiefs. Okay. And then my number two is the backers. There you go. That's great. The chiefs are back. Baby's three P time. They have their fantasy mojo back. Mahomes wife is yelling at people on social media. We're back Baby Travis, Kelsey Snowman a movie. Yeah. Yeah.


We're, we're back. Shit's happening. Okay. Craig, what a great category for you to kick us off with my, I know it's a year too early, but fuck it guy. One of my favorite categories in this whole draft. Who is it? I really like the rookie Brian Thomas Jr. Oh, that's mine. Oh damn it. Yeah, That's all right. We'll share him. Yeah. Rookie at LSU. He's on the Jags now. You know, Calvin Ridley's gone. They need a new deep threat, great vibes outta camp. I was, I was listening to Mina Ks talking about how the Jags wide receivers were terrible going deep. They basically got zero separation going deep. That's exactly what Brian Thomas does. I think everyone's sleeping a little bit on the Jags and Yeah, the reviews outta camp are so good with him.


Probably better than any rookie wide receiver rather than Malik neighbors. He's, he's actually playing in the preseason, he's making plays. And I look, I don't really like anybody else on this team. It's like, okay, you have Gabe Davis, you have Christian Kirk. There's not a lot going on. I'm sure this will be a year or two early 'cause it's tough as a rookie. But I love Brian Thomas. Yeah. On a scale of one to Kenny Pickett has Joe Montana vibes. Yeah. The Brian Thomas Buzz has been like a nine. Yeah. Which is a red flag Potentially. Like people just raving about him. Like I can't believe we were able to get him where we got him. This guy's amazing. He catches everything. He's always open. Like it's, it's pretty noticeable. And this is, you know, this is backed up by the people that love Rudy for him in college.


They're like, this guy's fucking awesome. Like you, like not sure if he should go ahead Harris to neighbors, but this guy's fucking awesome. Just so you know. Who do you have dk Roman Dunay from Bears. So everybody is projecting him to be sort of the distant receiver three on his team. And he might be especially early on, but I don't know you, I think the risk that he will just be the, the wide receiver three is already baked into his price. Like I, I wanna take him and just see how it all shakes out. Maybe Keenan Allen gets hurt, maybe Rome just leapfrogs him in terms of the hierarchy that's passing game. Maybe he just turns out to be the, like the better player ultimately this year. And like Keenan Allen could kind of fall off or you could have injuries in, in the, in the wide receiver group here.


A dunes is already showing like pretty incredible chemistry with Caleb Williams. They took a flight together. Craig was on that flight. They're best friends. Oh yeah. Headed to the draft. And I just think like Dunes day's skillset is perfect for what k The way that ke Caleb Williams plays in terms of like, he's running around, he's running around at like, this is the scrambled drill. Oh, dunes Day is huge. He wins at the Catchpoint, you know, he knows how to get open at the last minute. So like if, if Caleb Williams is gonna throw it up for him, he'll, he'll go get it. I don't know. I just think this is the number eight overall pick, right? Like he is one of the better wide receiver prospects we've seen in years and nobody wants him in fantasy.


Well and also the more you read about and watch the Bear stuff, they were like obsessed with getting 'em in number nine. Like one of the many mistakes that the Falcons made was, you know, I think these teams, I always thought they had Intel on what other teams wanted. Like they could have just flip pit pretended they were gonna take a dunay and, and the Bears would've freaked out and probably given them something they could move back a spot and take a panic anyway. But seems like he's, we, it just might be a legendary wide receiver class. That might be, that might be where we landed. We might have just gotten four awesome guys. Who's your Seitz? Jonathan Brooks. The running back for the Panthers, because I mean, I'm not a big fan of running backs coming off ACL injuries for one of the worst offenses in the league.


But I also think next year Jonathan Brooks is a three down skillset. He could easily be a top 20 pick in drafts if he at down the stretch of this year if he plays well. And then I'm like, all right, depending where he goes, I don't love him. if you have to use a top 100 pick on him. But if you falls outside that and you have an injury reserve spot on your league and Yahoo and you can stick him in there for a month, fuck it. Just take Jonathan Brooks this year, man, because I think he's immensely talented. I I I'm dubious that he'll be useful in the first half of the season, but I do like him for the stretch run if he goes late enough. I don't want any Panthers, but I see the case Danny Kelly, you're, you're my missionary position. We've all had him. This is fucking boring guy. Who is it?


I mean, every year it's Amari Cooper, isn't it? Yeah. And he's getting, somehow getting better every year. Yeah, I Mean he was incredible last year. I still don't wanna draft him for, for a multitude of reasons. Yeah. I just, I I think there's bad vibes obviously with the Sean Watson this season. I mean, if Flaco was a quarterback, I'd be pretty stoked about it. But he's not Heifetz. I Kean Allen. This should be named the Kean Allen Award. He had the best year of his career last year, went to Chicago. No one cares. I I think Deebo now is old enough to qualify for this award. That's what I'm taking. Yeah. I feel like we all either had him or traded for him or had some sort of pass with him in fantasy at this point.


And he's probably a little undervalued because people now factor in the whatever Deebo injury's gonna happen. I, I don't know how many more years he has left in elite level and I just feel like he, you get him for $5 less than maybe what he probably should go for at this point. Who do you have Craig? Joe Mixon. Everyone's done the Joe Mixon thing. True. We did a, we did a ringer draft a couple weeks ago and Joe Mixon felt like three rounds. Nobody wants it. And it's like every year he's actually pretty good and he's On a really good offense as the lead back and is probably a lot touchdown. That's a good one. Okay. Hi Fitz. Oh, who's up? Who's up for the, to lead the next category? Yeah, it's Heitz.


Oh, this'll be fun. My, I fell for the preseason hype guy. This could be rookies, this could be three year guys, Veterans, whatever. This is the Kenny Pickett Award. Oh God. This is it. Who'd, who'd you fall for? Who's sucked in? You Guys beat me to it, man. It's Brian Thomas, the Jaguar receiver. He's so good. I know we just did it, but I just can't get over that. We, we were all obsessed with Xavier worthy running a 4 2 40 yard dash. Meanwhile Brian Thomas ran a 4 3 40 yard dash. He's 46 pounds heavier. I, everything you guys said about the Jaguars and more, I, I'm not, I think they, they signed Gabe Davis out of panic when losing Calvin Ridley. But I think Brian Thomas could be, I wouldn't be shocked if a month into the season we're saying Brian Thomas looks like the best receiver in this rookie class.


I'm not saying he'll be better than these guys long term, but I wouldn't be shocked if he had, along with Marvin Harrison and neighbors, like the immediate impact. Right, right on that level, By the way, hype, that's just saying I wouldn't be shocked. dot.dot with a proclamation just now made him eligible to be on an s ESPN show. I don't know. You just passed the final, final test. I think that's Dana Arlovski's entire bit. I wouldn't be shocked if Patrick Mahomes threw for 70 touchdowns this year. I'm gonna go last 'cause I have two guys that I really like and either Craig or Danny Kelly might take one of them. So Craig, you go, I don't know if this counts, but can I say Caleb Williams? Like I I know he's the number one overall pick. He's, he's absolutely can. you can, Okay.


I know he is the number one pick and everything, but man, there's the thin margin of error for Caleb Williams this year. Even if he's mediocre, I think everyone's gonna be pretty upset. And the media tour, the hard knocks, him and a Dunes Day are best friends. It feels like a Dunes Day is already the most famous wide receiver on the team, which is crazy. He just looks awesome and so fun. And he's already doing the crazy USC scramble in a million circles for 10 seconds before he makes an awesome throw thing. I'm falling for all of it, but like, man, he, he's right, he's flying hot right now. That's a great one. I can't believe it took, yeah, it took so long to even bring him up.


I was looking at bets for him for like 4,500 yard passing seasons and up on FanDuel where he is like, I don't know, six to one, seven to one, something like that. And it's like, oh, could, could he throw for 4,500 yards? Danny Kelly, who's yours? Mine is the Tennessee Titans offense. Basically. The the, and I was just watching Will Levi and just looking exciting and, and awesome and, and throwing the ball down the field and like play action and all this stuff. And just Now was he, was he tearing it up? Yeah. Preseason game. But that's, you know, whatever He, I don't know. To me this is like the siren song. I, I, I wanna believe in Will Levis because he's big strong, throws the ball real hard and he, he runs around and he sacrifice sacrifices his body.


He's like trucking dudes. Yeah. It's just like, I want that to be successful in the NFL. They brought in Brian Callahan, they brought in Brian Callahan's dad, you know, they got Calvin Ridley, Tony Pollard, you know, offensive line's looking pretty solid. There's a world in which this works really well, but there's also a world in which it fails spectacularly and Will Levi is just bad and he takes a million sacks and their offense can't operate. So I don't know. I I'm, I I've, I've allowed myself to have hope that will Levi, in this time offense. It's gonna be fun. Caleb Williams on FanDuel 11 to one to throw for 4,500 yards. Craig, are you aroused? I mean, A little aroused. Yeah. I mean, that'd be the record, right?


For rookie, What did, What did Herbert 17 games, what did Herbert do? 17 games, that's two 60 a game. But cold weather, it seems like a lot. I don't know if I would do it. Herbert Was 4,300. Yeah, I I have two. It's my podcast so I'm gonna give myself two. I fell for the preseason hype guys. What the fuck? I mean the easy one is Trey McBride, who I think we all love down the stretch, who was really good and is now everybody's just like Trey McBride watch out. Like he's kind of become the pits for this year. Danny's Dan Kelly's one of them and I'm also one of them. 'cause I think he's really good. The counter is, they now have Harrison, they they built out, they have more receivers.


Like it, it just, there might've been reasons he was doing so well down the stretch that have nothing to do with this year's team. So have him flagged. And the big one for me, this, I can't believe it's taken 85 minutes for this to come up, is the Jamison Will Williams rehabilitation. Oh, watch out tour. Yeah. Where it's like, yeah, we know he was a fucking disa. He came off the ACL and then he was an absolute fucking disaster. But he's learning how to run routes now and there, there's just, they're really talking him up in a way that I'm both suspicious and excited. Because if it was like, oh, Jameson Williams for six bucks on a team, on a loaded team, great. But on the other hand, like, it just feels like they're trying hard.


if you guys, you guys are reading all these websites and you, you've seen it, right? Oh yeah. It feels like intentional. Jameson Williams, Jameson, Dan Campbell has been talking him up a ton this off season, which is, I don't trust it. Really? I don't Trust it either. I don't want it at all. They're like gearing up to trade him or something. Yeah, it just feels like, yeah. You know who's great. Yeah. But he's the type of player where in, in terms of excitement per touch, he's like top, top one and you know what I mean? Like he, every time he touches a football, it's like, oh my God, this is the fastest person on earth. I mean, it does seem like they have one play that they can run wherever where he just runs a straight line and he's five yards ahead of every defensive back. Yeah. And then golf just has to kind of reach it to him. All right. We only have three categories left.


This is a great one. My, I'd never root for an injury, but he is one injury away guy. I, well, I'll, I'll Craig, you go. I'll go last 'cause I have two, I think, I think it's Tank Dell on the Texans, because I think Stefan Diggs coming to the Texans really neutered the tank. Dell hype train. It sucked because he's like, CJ Stroud's best friend, CJ Stroud can't stop talking about him this off season and is like, if I could have three wide receivers, like of all time, he was like, well who Hys? Who were the three? Do you Remember? He was like, oh, if I gotta run one plate, Jerry Rice, the race. He's like, Jerry Rice, Calvin Johnson tank down And tank down. And I'm like, ah, fuck man. Stefon Digs is here. Just mucking up the whole situation.


Yeah. So, yeah, That's a good one. Who do you have? Danny Kelly, Blake Corrum the running back for the Rams. If Kyron Williams gets hurt, like Blake, Blake Corrum, could legi legitimately be like a top three running back in fantasy. He was my one B for this category. And it really seems like the Rams genuinely like him too. Yeah. Yeah. So who do you have iFit? I don't want anything to happen to Russell Wilson, but I would rather Justin Fields be the starting quarterback for the Pittsburgh Steelers. Yeah, I have a great one and it's gonna cause an actual audible reaction shake from one of the three people hosting this podcast with me. JSN You want him to get hurt or you want No, he Wants like DK Metcalf to get hurt or Yeah, the Metcalf or lock it sacrifice.


Hold hamstring. He's out for five games and JSN just goes fucking bonkers. That's a great one. 90% of the reason to spend $17 on him, right? Because they have too many, too many receivers and that I just don't, I don't see it, but one of those guy, all of a sudden he might be like a top 10 receiver with one injury. All right, two new categories to end it. So excited about this Danny Kelly, my rookie nitrous ide guy. The guy that, you know, you probably shouldn't take, just like you should never try nitrous oxide, but it's like, man, it, it also might be fun. I might just fucking do it. And all of a sudden you're doing it.


Who is it? I Mean, I had Malik Neighbors circle for this one. Like he, the preseason stuff, he's just looked incredible. He's made like three or four, just like George Pickens esque catches on the sideline. One of the most explosive players in college football last year, if not the most explosive. Just a fun, fun player. But again, he's catching passes from Daniel Jones. Like, we don't know. This might be one of the worst teams the leagues are. It's, I've like been on the Giants for the last few years because they just suck at scoring touchdowns. Like they can't score touchdowns. Yes, it's a big part of football teams. Teams need to score touchdowns and the giants are bad at it. So I'm like, why am I taking Malik neighbors in the fourth round? They can't score touchdowns. But also he might just, But you can't resist.


He might Score all of the touchdowns for the team. Who knows? He's that good. I think he is really like, he'll be in the, in the discussion for the best rookie receiver and Marvin Harrison Jr's like gonna have a huge year. So yeah. I love Maleic Neighbors. Hi Fitz. I mean, Xavier worthy man. I think he's nitrous 'cause he runs like, he's on nitrous. Good one. And he's also also nitrous because you know what, Xavier worthy fast, like, look, some of these fast guys never work out. John Ross. Some of these guys never work out, but you're like, know what? John Ross? Never Patrick Mahomes. And look Xavier worthy. I, I don't know if I wanna base my, like, success on my season on whether or not he pins out, but yeah, I want a little huff. You know, just give, you know, just gimme one hit of Xavier worthy.


I, I I, I can't live my, my life having not gotten a hit of Xavier worthy. So he is the reason I created the category. He's also my pick mine. Mine too. Yeah. He saw that, that quip where they used them four different ways in the same preseason game and each one was just him running right by somebody. I was like, oh my God. What is this? Is this like a, like, so he'll, he'll end up, what's the price range for him in a fantasy draft? Let's be honest, it's gonna be $5 higher than any of us would ever think. Yeah. Yeah. I think that 15, you're gonna have to pay us. Yeah, I was gonna say he's in the 10 to 15 range with no evidence that he should even be more than three bucks just Because of the combine. Yeah. And the other problem is his name is sick, like Xavier worthy, like Brian Thomas is gonna be lower because fricking Brian Thomas on the Jaguars ex.


If Brian Thomas and Xavier worthy switched names Yeah. On Teams. I mean, that'd be totally different. Yeah. I just try to ignore the fact that Xavier worthy weighs 20 pounds less than me. As long as I don't think about that, I, I'm fine drafting him. Yeah. We have that. The Pats this year, there's been incredible Ty Thornton Buzz. Like he's, oh yeah, he's gonna be starting receiver. Like he's been awesome the whole year. And I just, he, they were like, he's put on weight too. And it's like, cool. So now he's 130 pounds, like last category. There's probably only one answer for it, but we had to create it for this year. The, my, I know this is good value right now, but I simply don't wanna root for him. Guy. I created this category for Aaron Rogers.


I don't wanna root for anything good to happen for the Jets or Aaron Rogers. I just think he's annoying and that's enough for me not to wanna take him. But then if he's just sitting there at two bucks, I'd, I'd probably really think about it considering he's got two elite offensive weapons and a really good offensive line and that Jets might be really good. So I, I would pick Rogers for this. Who do you have Craig? I didn't know this was like guys that we had personal vendettas again. Yeah, well you can Audubon on the fly. Your professional podcaster. Who do you hate, Craig? Well, I hate a lot Of guys. Who don't you What? I mean, to be honest, i I I fucking hate Chris Godwin. I'm not gonna lie. That guy pissed me off so much. That guy ruined my life last year.


He was so bad. Mike Evans was scoring three touchdowns a game and Chris Godwin was on the sidelines on the, on his phone. And I know he's been back this year. This is like the year after his ACL whatever he is the new OC in Tampa Bay. I'm just like so sick of Chris Godwin sometimes when a guy double crosses you like that, I you can't go back. That's how I feel about Kyle Pitts as well. I wish him all the best. Me too, me too. I can't, I'll never have him on another team. He really hurt my feelings. Who do you have? Danny Kelly. I had some cognitive dissonance here because I really love Garrett Wilson, but it's Aaron Rogers. Yeah. Yeah. It's like you have to, I I've traded for him in a few dynasty leagues because he's so cheap. Everyone's like, he's gonna be gone after this year, but he, he might be a top 10 quarterback who all for all we know, like, you know, go back to the MVP years.


He was scoring or throwing like 45 touchdowns to two picks. I mean, he still has that in his bag potentially. So you have to kind of take that chance. I mean, one of the fun things about Rogers this year, just as a football storyline is wherever it goes is gonna be enjoyable. Yeah. Because if he's good, that means Garrett Wilson will be good. That means the Jets will be a really interesting team and it'll just be like a fun football storyline if he's bad, combined with the Packers and Jordan Love being really good. And then the Jets fans just being absolutely furious that Rogers isn't good. Like that's gonna be hilarious to watch. So there's no way to lose, I, the only way this doesn't really work is if they're like an eight and nine team with some injuries.


And the, I I don't see a scenario where they're not entertaining. Hi Itz, finish this off. Who do you have? It's Rogers for everything you just said. And the one thing I'll say, the last time he did Ayahuasca, he then won the next two MVP awards. That's all I'm saying. He needs to get back or he win. He What? Yeah, he went to Egypt. This Look, it's a way more fun season if the, if the Jets are like 12 and five, let's be honest, It feels like a lot of stuff is lining up for them too. Sal and I are gonna do it on Tuesday. We're doing the a ffc and I'm really trying to be, there's just so many red flags with the Jets as a franchise and the coach. And there's a million reasons. It's the oldest offensive line in the league.


Yeah, You're hard on SI think Sal's a good coach and I feel likes A good of defensive coach, but I don't, I we haven't seen evidence. He is a good head coach yet. Have we? Am I missing something? I, I feel like it wasn't so's decision to keep the quarterbacks on the roster that were on the roster last year. Yeah. And then he was told to cook with the ingredients he had and I think they actually had an incredibly coach season. I think the roster management's been crazy. Yeah. He's basically been like a chef on Chopped and it's like, all right, make spaghetti out of quail eggs. Hershey's chocolate and rich crackers. And you're like, okay, Jim Boyles, I make an ice cream. Yeah, that sounds delicious. Yeah. 'cause I had, I was gonna talk myself into the bills for that division and then when Milano got hurt, I was, and now I know Milano gets hurt every year, but when that happened even before the year, I was like, oh, that's just a lot of signs pointing at him.


Alright guys, what's the podcast schedule the rest of the way? What do we got The rest of this week? We are doing sleepers and then we're gonna do an episode about ESPN leagues, Yahoo Leagues, like what our favorite rules are, how to set up your league, all that stuff. And then we'll do our annual take purge where we give our hottest takes that we're not responsible for Take. And also During the season, we Got four episodes a Week during the season and we do fantasy. We also just do the league and a lot of nonsense too. But yeah, we do waiver pickups, Sunday night Awards, we do Wednesday power hours, we do Friday previews. So, And then Craig, I'll see you tomorrow night for Purple Rain. Oh, you're announcing a movie you've never seen. Yeah, can't, can't. I'm on the edge of your seat. Edge of my seat. Waiting for your reaction.


That movie, guys, great to see you as always. The third annual, my guy finished the draft in the book. Thank you.


This episode is brought to you by our good friends at NFL Sunday Ticket on YouTube tv. I'm sure by now you've all gotten back into your Sunday routines, but they could be even better with NFL Sunday Ticket and YouTube tv. You get the most live NFL games all in one place, every game, every Sunday. And you can even watch up to four different games at once. With multiview, one of my favorite inventions of this decade. It's exactly what you need to catch all the action, make your Sundays more magical. And also YouTube TV is great. I got it this year. It's awesome. Sign up now at youtube.com/bs device and content restrictions. Apply local and national games on YouTube. TV N NFL Sunday ticket for out of market games excludes digital only games.


This episode is brought to you by State Farm. State Farm helps you score an affordable price when you choose to bundle home and auto insurance with the personal price plan. Bundling home and auto. That's a pro move. Just another way you can save on your insurance needs. Talk to a State Farm agent today to learn how you can bundle and save with the personal price plan like a good neighbor. State Farm is there. Prices are based on rating plans that vary by state coverage. Options are selected by the customer availability. Amount of discounts and savings and eligibility vary by state.


Adam Sandler is here. Josh Safdie is here. They have new comedy special on Netflix. The home of Adam Sandler. You're basically like Jason Tatum with the Celtics with Netflix now you're just like lifelong. They retire your number in the Netflix Hall of Fame. If he is Tatum, who's brown? Because I think he's the np the finals. No. Who was, yeah. Don't, don't try to divide the team. I see what you're doing. Can't wait. Billy saw what you were doing. You were trying to get them to one up each other. They love each other, those two. I'm just, I'm just saying who's there's then there's MVP there when I'm playing basketball like I did yesterday alone, sadly. But I told you I would've played with you. Yeah. I didn't want you there. Not yet.


Not your your giant elbows. But, but when I'm playing a pickup basketball and I win because my teammate is incredible. Every time I'm excited I drive home just as excited. That's right. That's right. Atu felt the same. He loved his, his buddy scoring. The reason his buddy was scoring a lot. Everyone was scared of Tatum. It's, it's a, I love Tatum. He is one of the, one of the top five, top One of the, one of the coolest, greatest dudes and hardest work. Yeah. Oh my god. Work and his relationship with his son makes me cry every single time. Of course. Yes. See And he was, you know, when we showed gems to the Celtics in Boston, kg organized a screening.


He was one of the few players who showed up. Yeah, he was young. He was like the second youngster. Yeah, youngster. Yeah. I, I remember meeting Tatum also. Shaq had a restaurant he was opening up around the, the Staple center back then. And so we went to to to Shaq's opening. And Tatum was there. And I, he was a rookie and he was very nice. And I remember just going, now this is just a stud. What a cool bad. Is that restaurant still open? I'm not sure I know, but is it Called Shaq's? No, it wasn't called Shaq's. Shake Shack. No, no. It was good though. It had good, it had good food. I ate a lot that night. It was like, it was like midnight when I went. I mean, Shaq's Restaurant is definitely gonna have good food.


Would you notice what Josh did at the start of this? He immediately tried to bring Celtics dissension into the podcast. I know what you're doing. You're all excited about the next season coming and, and I know what you're doing. Listen, The, the Celtics are dependable and you know Yeah. Some maybe not that exciting. I mean, they're great basketball players. Yes. But it's not like, not like the Knicks. It's not like, you know, not like the mecca of basketball or, you know, a dysfunctional franchise that's now all of a sudden incredibly solid and with, you know, a a, a great core of players and potentially the greatest point guard in the east in the eastern conference. Wow. Yeah. Wow. Yeah. Billy, Billy, you just, who's A better point guard in the, in the Eastern conference?


You don't say Donovan Mitchell. Don't disrespect Donovan. I Love Donna Mitchell. I'm just saying I'm a Jalen bru. He's not Really a pointer. Jalen Brunson is amazing. We gotta He controls the ball though. But yeah. Tell me who's a, who's a greater pointer in the east? The Knicks fans are hilarious to me because they haven't won a title in 51 years. Wait, wait, They Haven't made the Atlantic Division in 2012. So Haven't made the finals in 25 years. You made round two once and the chess are out and puffed talking shit like shitting on the Celtics title. It's just like, it's just hilarious. I don't shit on the title I, I was rooting for the Celtics. You Kind of shit on the title. You said we the Celtics were boring. No, no, no. I didn't say we they were boring. That's a, I didn't say they were boring. I love the team.


Drew Holiday has been my, one of my favorite players in the NBA since he came in. Yes. I love his style of play. Yeah. I love White Style play. I love Tatum style play. I like everyone's individual style of play. But they're so good. They're so good. They're such a like, well like toned machine and like fine tuned and perfect. Who wants Perfect. But listen, Bill Simmons wants perfect, that's for sure. No, listen, you have to grapple with some nick stuff that's coming, which is you have too many guys now and not enough minutes. And Randall wasn't in the playoffs last year. There's gonna be some ego stuff. Like Adam figured this out with like grownups and grownups too. Like, you need the hierarchy, you need role players.


You can't have somebody who's like the seventh guy in the movie who thinks he should be in more scenes. You figured it out. Thank You Billy, for noticing. And, and in those moments what you do is you just bring those fellow superstars who, who don't have as much to do in for a week rather than a whole movie. Because if they're there the whole season, there's gonna be some snapping going on. Get me in there. So that's Your strategy. So you're like, Hey Chris Rock, just come for like 10 days. I say, well Chris Rock can stay as long as he wants, but anybody that's spade who's a hit and run spade, I give him seven days maximum. I say, you gotta go bro. You're starting to lose it on me.


By the way, spade can lose it by the end of a shoot. 'cause his body, he doesn't love shooting too long. He starts going like, what time are we finishing today? And stuff like that. He gets a little, he spade Spade Came to one of the performances for Love You. And he, he was, he, everyone had their phone locked in those special cases. Somehow Spade snuck his phone in there. Oh my God, bill. I looked out in the crowd, my comedy special all the years of being best buddies with David. And he's on his phone in the middle of a joke. So I just go, what the, what? You know, I stopped and yelled at him and then he goes, I was just writing down something I liked.


So when he, when he sees my shit when we're on the road together, he, he writes down stuff. Oh, He's a note Taker. He or he writes like a button he came up with for me, but it looks like he's texting his mother. So I start yelling that. So did he two phones it, because the only way to really get the second the phone in there is to have the second phone. I think He had, I think he had, he snuck in. I don't think he Bypassed security. Yeah. People, I think security just allows David to, they don't, no one wants, he's so awkwardly weird that they just go, I this led him through man, he's making such a moment out of us asking for his phone. You know, Wait, I wanna talk about filming movies and the, and movie sets and being on there for a long time. 'cause I, I don't know if I've ever talked about that with anyone on the pod.


Yeah. So like, you're like, you're doing Uncut Gems how many, how many days on how many days filming on the set is that? It was a, that was considered a short shoot. It was like 160 page script and we did it in 31 days. Wow. Yeah. Oh, so that's, so that's better. 'cause you're like in and out. Now I have to like eat Crow because I did it so quickly. Now everyone's like, you expects me to do everything so quickly. And it's, That's like the Clint Eastwood style where you're just like, like one shot Clint just banging it out. Well, we Didn't do one the Next for the, this is how I win scene with kg. There's a, basically we had to do like 12 pages in one day, which is very unusual. Oh, that's right. Yeah. Remember we had like, oh, it's lunch now we have an hour to get that whole scene.


And it was like, what? We had the hour to get the most important scene in the movie. Done. Yeah. Well, so K G's on the set. Huge personality, super famous and is on the set for multiple days. So like, what is he doing when nothing's Happening? We had a basketball court set up out on the stage. He didn't take one shot? No, he went during lunch and you know, he kg sweats thinking like, he's like, yeah, he's a big sweater. And we somehow, I heard everyone heard that kgs kgs shooting on the hoop. And we were like, oh shit. And everyone like, and like that's right, an exodus from the set, like went like moths to a flame to the set, the hoop that we had set up and we get in there and he's with some of the guys who were extras in that scene.


Not really extras, they were kind of jewelers. Oh, the jewelers? Yeah. Well no they were, they were actually Lenny cook's like best friends growing up. Oh yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. And they were all, and they all played ball. So they were all, but they haven't played ball now they're like, at the time they're in their like late thirties So. It was totally, they they were like retired from recreational ball and Yeah, we showed up and he was fully drenched in sweat in his costume. So like we had to like do a change and do that. But no, when, when KG was like off, he was just telling some of the most amazing NBA story. Yeah. Like hearing it from his mouth. Some of the stuff that like, you know, I wouldn't repeat, but like, just like amazing like in inner circle NBA stories that you as a Celtic fan we're probably really excited to hear, but I'm not gonna share them.


So As basketball fans, are you just trying to start shit with him and be like, yo, honestly, who was better? You were Dunkin. And just like, try to throw him monkey wrenches. I, that's all I would do if I was on the set with KG that Did you do that? Never said anything that'd make him feel an ounce more than happy. I, I loved KG and, and yeah, I didn't bring Dunkin up one time. I I Brought up a more Yeah, because I think he's getting mad as his career as, as the years have passed. Yeah. I think, I think he's mentioned a couple times like that Duncan was in a better situation and it's like, ah, he's kind of right. KG was like buried on those Minnesota teams for years doing, you know, with no chance to win.


I I brought up Mellow. I brought up Mellow. I did, I brought up the mellow confrontation and I brought up a Oh yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. I brought up that and I, I kind of brought up the heat. He'll talk about anything, you know what I mean? And, and what's great about KG is he has respect for players who, you know, so he, he doesn't talk, he doesn't talk shit. He's just a straight shooter. But the, the Meow Amari thing was really funny because he just looks at me, he is like this guy, like, you think this guy's like a demented Knicks fan? He thinks they could do go wrong. Right? He looked to me like I had like, you know, I I, you know, was was like a 7-year-old like asking for an autograph. Like it was, even though like at that point I had like become friendly and now like I I, I'll text him after.


He's a huge Knicks fan. Now. You, you see what he says on, on his show. Kg Kg. What do you mean's a big Knicks fan? What, Why is he a Knicks fan? He was never on the Knicks because He's smart. It's a good career Move. It Is a big market. New York is a big market. I think the the player podcast there of these ex-players, which has now turned into pro wrestling is fascinating. I was trying to think of like, if this happened with acting. 'cause the players are coming in now and they're just saying crazy shit. Like the 2004 pistons were the best team of all time making these. And then you see these clips, you're like, wait, what's going on? But I always thought it'd be funny if like this happened with comedians Oh yeah.


Or actors where you just had that comedians just, just claiming some B-level comedian was the greatest standup who ever lived. And then, then the videos would get shot out. And I don't know, it's, I, on the one hand I really like hearing the perspective of the ex players, but on the other hand you have to color it through this crazy lens of whatever agendas they have. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Hey, do you have basketball courts wherever you are, Adam, when you're shooting these movies? Yes, yes, yes. I or, or something nearby. Like I'll, I'll the location scout will go around like, I'll hear you Need a location scout for that. He, he literally, like, we have scouts, men or women running around getting the movie sets all set up.


And then I'll get a text six minutes from a good court. It's Robbie Schneider. 11 minutes from a good court. Hey Schneider. Alright, We're on. We're going with Bill. With Bill? Yeah. Is He dressed like Elvis? Yeah, that's Bill. Hey Bill Schneider. What's up Schneider? Alright brother. Oh wait, so how many years do you have left? Because you know, you're, you're hitting your late fifties. You're in the, oh, You know, torn. That's good Question. Torn MCL meniscus stage of of basketball Bill. That's a good question. I think I'm gonna keep going. but you know what happened? I'm making a movie in England and I walk out on the court. Yeah.


London. Cool. Cool place. We found, I forgot the name of the, the park. And right when I went on the court, I said, I don't think most of the, there was some good players, but there were a couple of guys. I was like, they don't, they don't play basketball. This is gonna go bad. Right. And immediately, boom guy bangs into my thumb. I felt a something. And it's been like four, four and a half months, I, I tore the ligaments in my thumb and I, it won't come back. I can't like end it a certain way. It's Like Stanley in the hustle. Yes, yes, yes. Exactly. Yeah. And so I, I've started going, man, I maybe I gotta stop playing hoop because it hurts so bad when I shoot. But I played yesterday a alone. This is, this Is your way of saying this is why I can beat you one on one.


Well, my hand hurts If I lose. I have the It's a good excuse. Yeah. The thumbs never Healed. I would destroy you. Enjoy you. You know, when you get older with pickup, two things happen. One you mentioned earlier, you're totally fine not being the best player, not having a lot of big plays on the team that stays in the court. That's, that's like late thirties. Yes. Where you're like, you know what, yeah, I'm gonna be on this guy's team and I'll, I'll just run up and down. I could guard people. Maybe I'll hit one shot. Then the other one you develop this sixth sense for you go out and you kind of can tell who the guy is to watch out for on the other team. Oh yeah. But that guy can hurt me. Yes. That guy looks like he'll jump over my back or I might get hit by an elbow by him.


But you don't have that when you're in your early twenties. It like develops later. Right. A A a hundred percent. And you know what, that's why when I play I'm so handsy now. Yeah. And so elbowy. 'cause I'm always trying to keep distance from these guys. They're so big and strong and they're fast that I'm just like, okay, I know you're not only gonna beat me, you something, you're gonna hurt me badly. So I'm always pushing 'em away. People, everybody I guard looks at me like, will you stop touching me man? They hate Me. Handsy. Did we ever do the celebrity basketball Pantheon or people you've played with because you played with everybody Played with so many great NBA guys and, and No NBA guys don't count. It has to be Cs. I played with some great Woody's. Really good, right.


Harson. He's he's great. Yeah. Yeah. There's a lot of, a lot of greats. I can't say. You know, who, who was the most exciting, fun moment playing with the professor? The professor was fun. Oh really? What a nice, yeah. Where did you do that? During Hustle? We, we had a few minutes. It was the, we we hung out and played. And then he's, you just watch him. The professor who's the professor. The professor. He, he an won, he played with the an one guys and he does all these cool passes and dominates everybody in one-on-one on the internet. You should watch his stuff. It's the best. And he, he gives you some tricks that you can KG was speaking of man Won KG was one of the few pro athletes sponsored by Ann W Wow. I didn't know that. Yeah, he was Mark Jackson too.


But that's 'cause his brother was escalate. Yeah, right. Exactly. And I know Mark Jackson. So was there like other Brother, was there like a Clooney kind of, you guys kind of measuring each other up? 'cause he's like a big Oh, I play pickup basket. He's kind of on your corner. Yes. Yes. So I, I just did a movie with Clooney. We didn't play, we didn't get go back. you can play. you can play. Yes. He's got a great shot. And he's like, you know what? He, he is, he got from, he's a real jump shot looking guy. He's, he's a, he's got a good looking elbow win. Perfect shot. And then he's, he's an athlete. He does not stop moving. He's, he's in great shape. Clooney, good lord. He's in good shape. So no, but we never played against each other. Which comedians are good at at Ball. Lot of good ones by the way. I would, when I was in England, I would show up to this game and they were like, we're all comedians.


And I would jump in and everybody knew how to hoop pretty good. I know. I got a phone call from Wing Adam Sandler over here. I No. Yeah, he's just playing basketball. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. You didn't tell me. And I said, because I I don't want is a Beatle, this ale called him. It's Ringo. Yeah. Ringle was following me around in England going, Hey, now he's Ringo's the only Beatle not independently as of solo artist in the Hall of Fame. Rock and Roll Hall of Fame. Yeah. Yeah. He will be. Yeah. I at some point, So Josh, after you worked with kg, were other NBA players trying to get into movies with you? I'm doing something now that's, there's a Globe Trotters.


Oh wow. A 1952 Globe Trotter. And you know, they globe Trotters in 52. That's all the greatest NBA all the greatest basketball players existed. Yeah. There were no NBA players, black NBA players really, you know, players back then. And then Bill Russell went, you know, and Will Chamberlain, they all toured Will Chamberlain most famously. But, so I have talked to, I Mean Will did it Will did it for a year. Yeah. Will did it for a year. Yeah. Did you see Them growing up the Globetrotters in in in that? I did. Well in Boston. We're, we're, we're somewhat close to the same age when they're in the wide world of sports. It was like the single most exciting thing that could happen. Yes. Metal arc. It's metal Ark was just, he was as cool.


Metal Arc was the first Rodney Dangerfield to me. Was, was, was Goose still on the No, he wasn't curly metal. Curly metal Ark 1970 Curly was still one. Marcus Haynes was Marcus Haynes was still there. No, he was was on, on, They say Marcus Haynes was the greatest hand ball handler. Yeah. Ball handler of all time. Jason Williams said, said that. Oh yeah. Yeah. That's cool. Yeah. He said that like, him and Kyrie are like the greatest, you know, ball handlers of all time. That makes sense. Which is amazing to think that that guy was doing it in the forties. And you watch footage of him and you're like, wow. He's pretty contemporary and, and sick. Yeah. They would sell out the, they would sell out the Boston Garden. Oh Yeah, man, I could see you getting confetti throwing on you and being Trick.


Oh, no question. I would've loved it. I would've loved it. Well, I remember when they were on Gilligan's Island, that was like a Yeah man, they Were on Milligan's Island. That's so sick. Oh yeah. See that episode? I thought. And Then they had the, a animation. I remember they were on Scooby Doo I think. Yeah. They definitely were on Scooby Doo. Oh yeah, Yeah, yeah. Well, the wide rot of sports. It was Evil. Knievel Muhammad Ali. Yeah. The Globe Trotters were kind of like the big three. And that was it. That Was big. Yes. This was before your time, Josh. Yeah, This was before my time. I, yeah, I'm sorry. Yeah. The Globetrotters still sell out. They have like a, they have a, a really diverse group of people on the team now too, who could do a lot of different things. It's a, it's a bit more, it's more of a show. Like back then the Globetrotters would tour America and the best local players would go up against them and they would sweep the floor with whoever they were playing.


Right. And they would put up people in the NBA. The NBA, the best players from the All Stars, from the NBA would go up against them and they would have no shot. Yeah. I didn't know really when I was working in my book, I really didn't know what to do with the first 10 years of the league because it was just basically all the white dudes. Yeah. There were barely any blacks of the league. I think. Like, there were one black per team was the rule. I think like the thing that everyone says now, like all like the, the people on the internet or on Twitter and stuff are like plumbers and accountants. Like that's all it was. Well when you go pre shot clock Wow. Because the shock clock came in for the 54, 55 season. So Mic and Was Do was like the first center. Yeah. And when the shot clock came in, Mike and was done.


'cause they started like running up and down and that was it for like the big clumsy centers. Yeah. They, they, they, he, he would play against, he was like the one person, the Globe triers were kind of scared of Globetrotters weren't even from New York, from Chicago. Oh wow. And there was a Harlem team, I forgot the name of the team that was also, that had a squad and they were better. Wow. And they were kind of like, who the fuck are these guys? Amazing. Claiming Harlem Globetrotters dude. Pre-shot cock. I saw a game one time when I, I grew up in the forties. It was the best game I've ever saw. And, and, and the Knicks won Ford enough. Good game. What happened with the collectors movie?


Because I know you were working on it forever and Yeah. Still working on Josh kept texting me like ideas and stuff. Darn. The strikes like derailed us and like, it was complicated. 'cause the MLB was a huge part of it. And getting every, getting the tectonic plates in order after the strike finished up we're kind of impossible. We're gonna, we're gonna come back to it. A lot of the, a lot of the, a lot of the research from that movie popped up into the special and to Love You because I spent so much time at all these autograph collecting, you know, conventions in particular. I went to the national that year I texted you and you know, I just got really, I mean Sandler's Sandler's character was a great, oh.


Was a great character. So there we're not, we're gonna go back to that. You know, we just have to, you know, figure out the timing Bill. There's four more days on the Heritage Sports collector's website to buy my T cob cleat. So are you really selling it? Yeah. That's amazing. His T cob cleat. Yeah. One single cleat. One single shoe. Just One cleat. Not even two, Just one shoe. Yeah. I've had it. Warren. Warren or not Warren. I've Had it, I've had it since I was a kid. Why are you selling it? That's kind of sad. I don't know because my wife's said, why, what am I gonna do with this? I, I didn't even know I had it. So it's not, it's not, it's it's on Heritage Site now. It's the only, there's no shoe that's been sold for That's tight.


Cobbs. And I've had it since I was a kid. My dad and I bought it, you know, when we were, I was a kid that some sports thing bought it. Now you can have it Bill, buy it. Go on Heritage. I'll look it up Four more days. Bill. I hit this point with collecting when you get older and you're like, why do I have all this stuff? Yeah. And then some of the best stuff I had to put in like boxes, you know, like boxes at a bank. Yeah. So I can't even go and like look at it. So it's like, what was the point of What's your best stuff Bill? What's your best stuff? Like, what's the best thing you ever collected? I had a lot of, lot of basketball cards. Especially like when, when I was working on my book in the late two thousands and I realized you could basically get all the Hall of Famer rookie cards and they weren't that expensive.


Yeah, Yeah. Well, I mean, when I was a kid that was already, I got into collecting when it was peak. So they printed so many Of those cars. The worst, The worst time. Yeah. I mean, you Got in the market all the Very beginning of, you know, all those early seventies cards and you know. Yeah. But we didn't take care of 'em though. We just kind of like shoved them in a shoebox. Yeah. Same thing. I, I remember I had a Freddie Lynn when, when he first came out in 75. Yeah. Freddie, Freddie Lynn car. I had so many great cards, but I didn't even take a taking care of. But you know what I did pretty good with taking care of the Sunoco little football helmets. Remember those? Those are Cool. Yeah. Oh yeah.


I ha I have about You still have them? I Had every team, whenever we would stop at Sunoco and I say to my dad, please, please get Oh, you put the quarter in and turn it around. Exactly. And when comes out. Yeah. So, so by the end of that run, I had every team. But now when I go home and my mother says, go to your room. And my mother's screaming at me, she says, go to your room. And I go in there, open my closet and I cry for about half hour saying, I'm sorry. I'm sorry. But then I look at my old helmets. I have about maybe 80% of the helmets and they're a little beaten, but pretty cool. I have, you know what I saw that I thought was cool, one of the conventions is they had basically like the first version of kind of like an NFT. They had these little tiny discs that had grooves, vinyl grooves in it.


And it had the photograph of the player and it said the name of the play. So it'd be like Larry Bird, like Fadeaway Jumper. And you could listen to the commentator. Wow. You put it on the record and you can play it. That's cool. I remember this. Yeah. There it was Johnny Mo talking. Is it Because of, because of Boston. Larry Bird. I I didn't buy that one. I bought an OJ one. Oh, I bought an OJ one. I like, yeah. Yeah. I like stuff that I can use like these Dream team cups. That's cool. And they're not even expensive. I had I collected those. It's Larry Bird right there. But yeah, you get Is that, Is that sign or that's the fake sign one? No, it's the, it's the McDonald's ones. But you can buy 'em and they're like 40 bucks. The funniest is like the 96 Dream team, which nobody liked.


Those are like way cheaper. Yeah. you can get those, Usually those end up becoming more valuable because they didn't make that many. Right. Everyone threw 'em away. Right. How about Carl Malone's wife went into the locker room after the first Dream team picked up all the jerseys off the floor. Now those jerseys are worth $20 million and he is selling them selling. No true story. Wow. Walking away, Leaning Back. Is that true? Yeah. Well there's, that's like that crazy story. The, I Say that to Schneider literally after everything says to me. Is that true? No, I I never heard that one. Like he just dropped two things I've never heard in my life. He'll Do your work if we're gonna talk about this stuff. Look it up now. Go on. You have somebody helping you have him look it up now. He Doesn't. He does it on his own. Yeah. Bill, he's in his house right now talking to us.


Bill, hire somebody. This is a very popular podcast. There was an era with, with in the eighties and nineties when people like the equipment manager was just grabbing jerseys and sneakers. Right, right, right, right. And people are like, yeah, yeah. Take it. And those people just put them in the garage. What Was that story, the Brady story? Didn't someone steal a jersey from Yeah. Right. Yeah. Well you know what's happened now that there's a whole this been this boom with movies and pop culture stuff. Oh yeah. You know that you can get a happy Gilmore sealed VHS tape and like grd, you know, near Mint or Mint or like 10. Oh if it's sealed. Some of those go for like $900,000. Not 900,900 or $8,900,000 is better.


Yeah. Yeah. 901 in my car. Halloween I wanted the Halloween VHS tape, like the original one. It was on some auction. I'm like, oh, I'm getting this. I thought it would be like 400 bucks and it went for like 18,000. Wow. See I'm the happy Gilmore probably was a lot more the 10, a 10 point. Like a graded, you know, PSA 10 is probably for a Gilmore. I don't dunno. But Gilmore was like, Gilmore was the video store video. Oh yeah. Yeah. That movie That was big on video. I remember that. Oh my god. Yes. Yes. You couldn't go into a Blockbuster and not have it playing. Yeah. Yeah. That, that made happy for sure. Hey Bill, do you know the Mark Jackson rookie card?


Not the rookie card. The Mark Jackson. Oh Yeah. With the Menendez Brothers in it. With the Menendez brothers in it. Yeah. That's funny. They, which they bought those front, those front court, those courtside seats with their, their parents. They recently murdered parents credit card. What else are you gonna do with your recently That should have been your credit card. Go to a Nick game. That Should have been a movie you worked on. The Menendez Brothers. I think the best version, the closest they got was Stiller. Was it in Cable Guy? The Menendez Brothers show up? I think so. Yeah. I think there's like they did do a movie. Well no, the men, he plays both Menendez brothers. Is that, and it's constantly on television. Oh right, right, right, right. Yes. Yes. It is like his version. It's his version. Yeah, that's right.


Bob Stiller. Absolutely. Yeah. That blockbuster time you mentioned, that really was a fascinating time to release movies. 'cause there were only so many cable channels. And if you hit that, if you hit that sweet spot of like the Blockbuster combined with like, all of a sudden it'd be on HBO and it was, you just have these like five year runs now. I don't, I dunno if it's the same way now. No. Like, but I think it'd be harder to, to hit that vortex. 'cause we have too much content now. We didn't have enough content in the mid nineties. You know, your stuff Gets hot for a couple weeks maximum now if you got a smash. And then they go, okay, all right, we got 30 more things coming out this weekend. So, well, what was cool about Blockbuster or any video store Blockbuster in particular is they would've the deals with the other big corporations.


So you would go in there and there would be like the Newman's, not, maybe not Newman's, but they're the butter popcorn by the door. And you get the Raisinets and it really felt like you were going to the movies. It was fun. You know what I mean? And you walk through the, the aisles and you know, a big movie would come out, there'd be like 75 tapes. Remember you get there and there'd be whole aisle would be Gilmore. You know what I mean? Oh yeah. They, they, yeah. You used to go and used to count how many of your movies was on the shelf and compare it to other people's, how many movies they had. But I will say Blockbuster could have been the Netflix. They just didn't see the end coming. They didn't make Make the Transition, but I they had it all and lost it. No, there's been a couple of those.


Right, because like Rolling Stone could have been MTV and they missed it. You know, sports Illustrated could have gotten involved and been basically ESPN and they missed it. And there's Blockbuster easily could have been Netflix, but Netflix didn't seem like it was gonna be Netflix for the entire late two thousands. I mean, Remember that the whole beginning of Netflix, I spent just renting the DVD ripping the DVD and then returning it immediately. I would go through like 5,000 Netflix. You would get, I would get the three rentals. They'd come, I'd rip them, I'd immediately return them and I'd get new ones. So I would just amass a huge library. Yeah. And it seemed like the worst business possible because you just couldn't understand how, how is this Gonna make it?


Well, Netflix knew something early. 'cause I remember like when the studios say, Hey, something's going on, we're not gonna give them discounts anymore for $8 for, you know, $2 for, for a title. And they said, we're just, you're gonna have to pay, you know, $12. And they said, we're still gonna pay for it. I said, well, they must know something. Yeah, They did. Right, Right. Yeah. The old school video stores, if you rented something and like you lost the tape or whatever they would be like was, it's $180. Oh, I lost a, I lost a very rare tape from Kim's and I, you know, I got, I got robbed and I, I told 'em, I was like, I was robbed. What was I supposed to do? They, someone ripped my care back my back. Wow. I'm like, that's a $900 tape.


I was like, $900. This is a rare, it was a super rare movie. And, and you know, by a filmmaker who didn't put out many films. So I didn't know what to say to 'em. So I kind of just kept passing the buck. And then they went out of business because of you? Because of me. But I like $900 for a tape. I was just like, I was like To wait out the bankruptcy. I Didn't know the bankruptcy was half coming. I then they sold the entire collection to I think in Italy. But anyway, that's another story. I had a similar thing when I didn't return a library book growing up. And I went to the library and they said, it's overdue. And I said, I'm not gonna, I'm not gonna bring it back.


I like it too much. And they, they had maybe six or 10 librarians come out and beat me with Their books. They Beat me. Yep. With the Britannica. With the Britannica fingers, smashes put your hands up. And then, yeah, I think we talked about this before, but isn't it like, I noticed when, when Carl Weathers died and it was like he was a member of Adam's family because people had such an attachment to that movie. And like, you know, it's just, it's weird when you just make a movie. You spend how many days on it, you put it out in the world and then it takes on this whole different form of identity and becomes part of people's lives and characters from the movie die and, and people act like it was their uncle.


It's it's true. I did get so many calls about Carl and man, this is, but there's certain people you make a movie with and that you literally, you lock in and become you family. The the movie goes so well, you hang out the whole time while making it not, not 'cause if it's a, a hit or not. Just, just that the experience of making the movie. And Carl, Carl was like that. Henry Winkler was like that. You just, it was just kind of like Barker was like that. We became family too. We hung out and, But Rob never got there. Schneider's not in there yet. He's working hard. I'm one movie away. Bill. It's one more. Just one more. You're almost there.


Yeah. When, what was the connection with you and Josh from, from Monka Gems that made you wanna keep working? Oh, we've, we've had the best time. We all, all of us kind of got, we was shooting the pre-production. We became really tight. Oh yeah. Just putting it together on Cut first meeting. Yes. Yes. We had a nice lunch. Where was at that hamburger joint? Oh yeah. We sat outside there at the, the bar. First time ever was when I, I came from, we came, we were just shooting the Jay-Z video. Marcy. Me and I shot all, we shot all night. Yeah. Yeah. And then we, we were like, meet You, were on a helicopter, Let's meet. Yeah. And I was scared on the helicopter shooting. And then I ended up, then you said, we'll shoot, we'll play ball at like eight 30 the first time I met.


Oh yeah, we played ball. Yeah. Yeah. At eight 30. And I was like, oh man, we fit, we wrapped at like four 30 in the morning. Oh, You get tired. And Then I ended up coming straight to the gym. Yeah, yeah, yeah. And Benny, you and Benny were both Yeah. Exhausted. Yeah. Up and down. And Benny's way of playing basketball is like, he'll beat you with his hustle. Yeah. He's a Big smart, Always one of those guys. Yeah. He'll beat you with his hustle. You know, the type of player will Just ke Kevin Wildes. Yeah. It's just like, just trying super hard the whole time. Exactly. And which is, you need a guy like that all the time. Yeah, Yeah. No, those guys always end up on the right teams. A thorn in the side of the other other team all the time. You're like, ah, this guy's in again. I have to deal with this shit.


You know what I'm talking about. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah. But Adam was one of your guys though, growing up though, and then all of a sudden you're, you're making a movie with him. Yeah, I I still to this day, you know, I, I had to do the tech check for the special this morning and you know, I, I I cry. I mean, the ending, the ending of it is very emotional for many reasons. But I, I actually met, I met Sand, I met Sandler, I got my relationship with Sandler. Began on the wall of this music store called The Wall, actually, where they have all the new releases in New York. In New York, yeah. And they had, and I, and I, you know, it was a thing if you broke, you got a sticker and if it broke, they give you a new one, no questions asked.


And my dad would say like, I'll get you whatever, you know, once a month. I'll get you whatever CD you want. And obviously it was for that for the house. And you know, we got a Queen album, you know, I remember. Wow. And then I think it was a Prince album, the one with his first album, the, what was the name of the first album that has crazy, crazy. You get Crazy. No, no, no. Shit, I can't, my mind is blank. Any, anyway, I, you know, comedy was so important to me. I had a kind of a, we had, Manny had kind of a rough childhood, so comedy was so important.


And my dad would always be, we'd go to the movies and he'd be like, I wanna see this film. And we'd be like, well, we wanna go see the comedy movie. And he would make a compromise. We'd maybe go see both or he'd come and he always laughed and he was like, oh, we were embarrassed about how, how loud his laughter was. But we would, we would, we, we would go and I would see, I saw that there was a comedy album and I had never heard of anything like that before. I was, they're all gonna laugh. He was 93, 19 93. I was nine years old. And the coolest part about it's, it had, you know, I was in 93 New York, whatever you were into hip hop, that was, if you were a kid, everyone listened to Onyx or whoever, or you know, biggie.


That's what it was. Hip hop was. So they all had the parental advisory black and white little thing Right. Happen. And I'm looking at this comedy album and it's got that big fat parental advisory on it. And I was like, oh man, this is, this is definitely what I want. You know, maybe I'll just grab it. And you know, there there'll be no questions asked. And I just remember, just Benny and I just listening at night, the lights would go off and we would just listen to those. And I, the, you know, there's a, the medium pace when you're nine years old, it's like, oh yeah, yeah, yeah. Kind of having, you know, I don't, I don't fully understand what Medium pace was, even though like the Yeah. I didn't know about any pace, you know what I mean?


So Medium Pace was even more nuanced than that. But, you know, there was like, there was a a a, you know, teenage love, I mean there's a lot of Oh yeah. The, the jokes themselves, the acting inside of it. Yeah. Right. Was was so amazing. 'cause you were listening their sketches, they were so surreal. They were made for your headphones. Oh yeah. We had this little boombox and it was just, I, that was my introduction to, to Sandler. And then when, what, what the Hell happened to me came out and you have like an eight minute track, like the hypnotist. Oh, Neil, that's Neil, that's kneeling. Yeah. But that's eight minutes, you know what I mean? So like, he's just ripping one the whole time. But you are laughing.


What was he doing? Was he doing a fart machine? Like how, what was making you laugh so much? No, but I, I don't know if you know that one Bill, but it's, it's a hypnotist. I think he's, I don't even know. He's trying to get you to quit Yp to quit smoking. Smoking. That's right. But he keeps farting throughout the whole thing and just relax. He's, you, he's telling it. He, he thinks he's got that he, he's got me in a trance that he could say it was me, but there was no farts and you, there was no sound effect that we in yet. So Neil kneeling would be doing, we'd be going back and forth and kneeling would just put his finger down like he did. Like, I'm gonna put one in there. So I used to laugh at Kevin's giant hand, just going kneeling was at me.


Neil was amazing. Anyway, but like, you listen to that and I think that came out it was 95, so I was like, shit, I don't remember. I was 11 or something. And then that, you know, or the Goat, the second one was The Goat was on that one. Yeah. And then the first one had songs too, and the second one had a lot of songs. Yeah. Yeah. We, I think we split it up with, with a bunch of like maybe six, seven songs. And then the rest are comedy Excuse Packed. Packed it on the second bo both of them had it. Yeah. First one you have Medium Maybe, you have Steve Poly Opis No, that's the second one. No, that's the second one. I don't O to Cars on the first one, isn't it? No, that's the second one. Second one, I don't remember. They kind of, those two kind of blend together. Anyway, that was my introduction to, to Sandler and that.


So when Billy Madison came out, it was, you know, and that was also my introduction to Norm. Oh yeah, yeah, yeah. And Farley too, you know, those, that was my introduction because I was a, an living color guy. I watched in Living Color then, and then, and then Nel. Yeah. I was, I don't know why. I was just, yeah, I, I watched that more than I watched SNL, but they all same. That was good. Yeah, it was great. I love the, and I loved the Waynes Brothers, so I love that there's a shout out in the Yeah. We, we give 'em a shout out on the, in the special. Yeah. But I love the, and then you get to know all the s all the s SNL crew and you start watching those and you're like Schneider and Sandler and you know, Farley obviously, and Tim Meadows and Rock and, and that whole David.


Dave, yeah. David Course. David, Dana Carvey. And, and I mean that was just an all star. Oh, you look at that cast photo and you're just like, Jesus Christ. That Was a really fun era for comedy. 'cause those two shows were at the same time. I like both of them. Oh yeah. But then you had we had enough comedy movies at that point to rewatch, like the whole Cack era stripes, all of those, those had nice legs at that point. And then there was like all the comedy stuff from the late seventies, early eighties with Steve Martin, back to Eddie, people like that. Yeah. Yeah. Back to school. When I remember seeing Back to school, and I saw very shortly after I saw a Billy and I saw like, oh, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.


The like, you know, this the premise of a guy going back. Yeah. And I just like, I just saw, I was like, you know, I don't know if, if, if we could've made gems with anybody else, I probably would've been like, Rodney Peak Rodney. You know what I mean? Wow. He would've been incredible. Wouldn't he been good at Peak Rodney Peak Rodney, yes. Peak Rodney was just a special, and I remember reading Rodney's, one of his books. He's Got Billy's Blue Eyes. Rodney. He had 'em. Yeah. Well, he also had, he had that comedy special and he was just breaking all these young people nobody had ever seen before. And HBO he had Seinfeld. He did Seinfeld. He had, well That where I saw Sam Kenon, Jim Carrey was on there.


It was, it was basically all that dice. Of course, I Yeah. That generation. Yeah. Yeah. It was pretty cool. Yeah. We all loved Rodney. Every comedian. I mean, he was just such a hardworking, I actually just recently, I told you I went into his archive and I was able to look at this artist. Richard Prince bought his entire archive. Oh, right. That goes to all His jokes that he wrote about all His jokes from the beginning. So you can see how no respect the character evolved Jack when He was Jack Roy. Oh, when he was Jack Roy. Exactly. And then, and then he, and then you can see he had like one joke that he worked on forever, which was a guy on a date at a fancy restaurant. And it was like all about the lobster. And the lobster gets better, atten more attention than him and Oh, okay.


And you could see little no respect jokes inside of this big epic joke. That's so great. Which kind of reminds me of, I don't know of your stuff. I, I love Ro Rodney and, and Sandler are very much like, I definitely was influenced Huge by Rodney. And there's so many people I was influenced from growing up. But yeah, Rodney was, Well, you did that. I mean, I don't wanna spoil the special, but that's a big part of the Yeah. Last part of the special where some Yeah. Yeah. You, that Influences. Yeah, I did. That's, Yeah. Well, I also know, I know how hard those are to do and you know, probably trying to sketch that out, but then make the video. And That's so funny. I Don't spoil, but I thought it was really cool. We did it. Thank you, man. We, the, that was only the second time I ever played that song.


What, what happened was, I, I think I went to, I, before we did the special, I, I, I had to go to Europe and, and I, I did something for a while. Forget why. Anyways, I came back and I was like, we're doing a special man. I gotta, I gotta get my shit cooking because I did a, a tour. We all were on tour and I had the shit going. And like, when you do standup, you take three day break, it can fuck you up. You know, you just Right. You don't have the rhythm anymore. So I had it cooking on tour, then I had to shut down for a month or two to do something. I don't even remember what the fuck it was. But anyways, then You just lose the rhythm completely. You Don't, if you don't know your transitions, you don't know.


You forget key lines in the thing. Your head spins. So I did a practice show at this place called the, the Haworth Theater in, in la And and you you were there. I was there, yeah. 'cause he, he was putting the special together and then we played that song that we played at the end of the, the special for the first time. And with no visuals. Yeah. And it was not nothing going on behind, but it was just the mentioning of other comedians and stuff. And then all of a sudden fucking, the crowd was like building and building and locking into who they, they liked and stuff. And if I've mentioned a name, it was like, ah, big laughs and Big, yeah. Big fucking cheers. It was the coolest that Night.


Yeah. I mean, the thing is, I remember when we were texting earlier about that, about doing a song at the end of the, of the show that like, it was emotional and real. And, and yeah. This guy over here is very deep well of emotions. And I don't know com complex person. Very funny for a reason. The best comedians are very complex people and the best artists in, you know, from my point of view. And yeah, I think the greatest part of that, that track is, of course, obviously you relate to all of the comedians that, that you see on screen. But it's different. It's bigger than that. It's more about you're seeing the stuff that made Sandler happy, the stuff that made Sandler.


Yeah. Like, forget about any trouble he was having in life at the time. And just, it's amazing. Comedy's an incredible, incredible thing that we have in life. And what's so powerful about that final song is it really reminds you of it. And it really, it makes you emotional. It makes you really appreciate it in a way that I've never really appreciated comedy. You appreciated it. 'cause you're like, oh, I wanna escape right now. I wanna laugh and, you know, I wanna check out this crazy brain and, and get into tune with it. But it's, that's what I'm saying, it's like amazing to, it's awesome to see the stuff that made you laugh. 'cause it's like a little documentary about you, right? It's, you go to someone's house, you look at their record collection or whatever.


That's books. And you're, that's funny. Yeah. Oh wow. He likes this record. Oh, that's really cool. But like, oh man, ah, you liked, you know, I'm trying to think of a a, there's So many in there in That, that I love that you put the jump kick from Martin, like, very specifically Martin. He was very specific about the things that you saw of the comedians. Yeah. Yeah. We, we worked hard on that. It Was, it was, for me, just watching it. 'cause I hadn't seen it. And I, I saw it with the visuals and it is overpowering to me. It was, it was Sandler's way of, of just saying, I Love You and, and thank you. And I just, I've never seen a comedian do that as completely as, as this. And it was just, it really is like a, a generous thing.


It was, it was really, you know, I think it's really overpowering. Like for people who love the Farley song, this one to me is, is a sledgehammer. Yeah. You know, to your heart. For me, yeah. For all the people love comedy. Well, we All give it up. All us comedians give it up to our past and then, and, and talk about it and get to say it. And this was a nice way to to, to put it, put it, cement, cement it. Chris Rock opened was, it was Ring Pain was he opened it with, I remember he opened it Comedy Albums. Comedy. He opened comedy album. That was tambourine. Yeah, that's right. Was it Tam Tambourine? Not tambourine, but something like Yeah, something like that he opened with. Anyway, it's very different.


But, but I don't know. I Sorry, dude. I remember Chris Rock's first album, born A Suspect, I think. Oh my God. Killer. I remember him doing it and how killer it was and how funny it was. And man, he, he Has so much energy. Yeah. Yeah. It's the energy that you can feel all the time. I mean, he's one of the great, great, he changed modern standard comedy completely. The back of like, certainly did all the greats. Even if we just watch him do standup, he doesn't stop moving. So it's always just exciting to just see him moving. And, I mean, his, the rhythms are out of control too. Well, it's such an interesting spot. Comedy albums in the era of what Adam and I see with our kids, like these 92nd TikTok clips or Instagram re reels.


And you can literally get 150 funny things in, I don't know, 20 minutes. It's crazy how good it is too, man. When I go to sleep at, I wake up every night for some reason at three in the morning, and I just up for like two hours and I start flipping through funny shit. It's going through the Reels. They, the, the reels. I guess my kids make fun of me. They say dad's such, I guess I do some, I don't do TikTok 'cause I don't have it Instagram. I don't do Instagram. Yeah. I don't fucking have that either. But there's something else I have. So I'm always going like this. I'm laughing and then my kids are like, that's so, you're so old Dad. You just look like an old guy. But, and, and they're like, you're going through with like, li young boys look at the same thing. I'm like, I don't know what I'm looking at.


But, but the jokes are so fucking funny. And the reality of what goes on and what, like, everybody in, you're in Minnesota making the funniest thing now for 20 seconds. It's pretty cool. Were You, were you prepared for how uncool you would become with your kids? 'cause it's been shocking for me. Yeah. It's an all time high right now. Right. They just, they just ridicule. I just spent a week a week with them. And you just get ridiculed the whole time. Yeah, Man. It's Just outta touch. You're old. Everything. You like, everything. Like, that's amazing, Buddy. I walked in on my kids last night. The two of them were at a hotel, and two of them, I came in, I said, Hey guys, how's it going? You guys having fun? And, and one of 'em goes, we were, I have what?


And They're dead serious. I have what, 15 years until she's two? You got 13, maybe 11 years left. Yeah. You got like, you got like nine Years, Nine years. Until all of a sudden she's like, dad. Well that's when the dad, I mean, Adam made a movie with his kids and it was actually good. And you pulled it off. I, I thought the degree of difficulty that was like that, That that was probably at the end of them liking me. maybe Maybe. Well, I remember you told me you were doing that. And I was like, oh my God, there's just so many ways this can go sideways. I can't believe, I can't believe you decided to do this. What a what a what a move that was They're Both great in it Though. They're both. Both. Yeah. It worked out and it was super popular.


Just Like your daughter doing your show, you gotta deal with No, you're being terrified. Your your daughter led a Netflix movie. That's a whole, that's a whole different level. It's crazy. You've got the same going on. Your daughter's excellent. And so is her buddy. Were you surprised? I, I forgot to ask you about this. When, when OJ died and Norm had this crazy resurgence, I don't know if you followed this, it became like a, like a two week norm. Oh yeah. Sure. Kind of greatest hits of OJ Joe. And all of a sudden Norm was like back in the mainstream, Oh man, this Huge way. I'm, I delighted that he has the legs that he has. It's Interesting. With comedians. Yeah. Amazing Play. He's still modern, he's still contemporary with a lot of his jokes. His jokes were timeless. They were timeless.


if You look at me doing standup, just hear the audio of it on Spotify norm's, me doing standup, that is a perhaps the most brilliant hour of standup you'll ever hear. It is perfection word for word. And it's even better just hear it than watch it. He had so much, much time, by the way, when we'd go on the road together, he, he, I I am I lying when he, I think he said I have, I got seven good hours. Oh my God. Yeah. I think he said I got seven. Good. He used to, he fucking used to write it out. He'd phrase it perfectly. He'd go joke to joke perfectly. I love when you'd see Norm kind of go, ah, like be search for his next joke.


And he'd be like, ah. So ah, yeah. So the other day there, whatever he did, man, he was so badass, man. Yeah. He is a classic. And It, and it was, and he never made any, never told any jokes outside of obviously oj when he was doing weekend update, he was being doing timely jokes. Yeah. Yeah. But all of his jokes in his standup are just completely timeless. Yeah, yeah, yeah. You know what I mean? They're just, they're, they're absurdist. The weekend update is so funny because there was a stretch when he wasn't getting the laughs that were as funny as the actual jokes. So I remember being home thinking it was like the absolute funniest thing. Yeah. And he would tell a joke and it would just be like, almost silence.


Yes. Yes. And he just sat, he Was like, what are people, wait, how do you not laughing at this? He didn't give a fuck. He was a tough bastard. He just, just sat in in the great joke. And, and that was it. Oh, he's killing a bug right now. What is that? It's One of these, what's he doing? Oh God. Damnit you're going nuts on this. What is it? You don't need Billy. He is beating up a, Josh Is killing a bug. He's killing a bug, but, oh, I don't know if I would do That. Oh my God. That's Giant. These are invasive species. They're called the lantern bugs. What are They? Where are they from? Well, He, I I, I don't know where they're from. Wait, I, I have three things we have to hit before we go.


One talented behind the scenes. People always wanna do direct to comedy. Special. Yeah. Which seem like they're pretty simple, but I know they're not. No. What is it about comedy special? This, This is like a movie about a guy doing that's a comedy special. Yeah. There's a lot you Put into this. And Rhonda and I, and I really, and I really, really, really, when Sand asked me like, you wanna, well, I went and saw the show a bunch and when he was on tour, and it is like two and a half hours of material. And I was like, oh wow, this is like a powerhouse kind of like Rodney boom, boom, boom, boom. It was like a machine. Yeah. And I don't know when he was like saying, do you wanna do this special? Tuo came to one of the shows.


Yeah. And he had something that he said that really, you know, sometimes you don't know what you're making until someone tells you what, how it felt. And he said it was like hanging out in his friend's basement, drinking like, I think he said like drinking like a two liter soda and just like laughing at your funniest friend. And it, and it really did like, to me, like the carpeting, the design of the stage, we wanted to create, I really wanted to create this space of like this nowhere space that like we all kind of remember, but it didn't really exist. And, and you know, you have, you create this vibe, kind of like the final song that like, life is pretty fucked up. And then you have this like hour of just like, you forget about it all and then it releases you and you're like, oh, that's what we do.


We get this comedy, we get this comedian who gives us, gives us this. And then he is gone. Then he is just gone. And the credits are rolling. And, and I just, and like the, the feeling of doing this in particular, it was like the closest thing I ever did to feel like I was on kind of an SNL type show. Because we would do two shows a night and then we would have the inter in between be like, all let's cut this song. And we have these certain things that I would throw at Sandler that he didn't know was coming. So like, I would have to go and talk to Ronnie and be like, Ronnie, I'm like, I want to change this little part. I have to rewrite this thing. And you know, I'm like a character in it a little bit where I'm not a character in it. I'm like, yeah, yeah. Communicating with him. And, and, But it's nice because it throws, it, it's a, it's a good curve ball for like, for, for people who are seeing standups comedy specials.


'cause you, they, it keeps them, you don't really know a hundred percent what's happening. Are they putting you on? But maybe they're not. And know So it just, it's anything that could get the audience a little bit out of their seat of Norm normal seat is you, you, you have the potential to come in with different stuff. So I really loved it. It was fun. I mean, I was, every show was different. So, it was a blast. I I just, I just really liked this idea. You were great. Yeah. You were great man. I, I mean, I really wanted, and I don't wanna ruin it 'cause it's a great surprise, but I, I just, I just really wanted to like, give the feeling. I love feeling. And I just really felt like we wanted to feel like we were there and we had, you know, shooting it and figure out a way to shoot it and like, putting the camera in the right places.


And every, all the cameras handheld, so you really feel like you're there. And you know, again, like that Turturro's comment afterwards really resonated with me. That was fun. 'cause like, the color of the carpet is like the color, kind of the color of the carpet. When I first listened to your cd, it's also matches the carpet from what the hell happened to me. And I don't know, it just like, it, to me it was a great challenge and I had so much, I just had a great time doing it. You know what I mean? Well it's, you know, bill, when I talked to Josh about doing it, I didn't know it was, I just, I thought I'm gonna shoot a comedy special. I got a good act right now. I was psyched with my act. Let me just get this all fucking down. So I got it forever.


And, and yeah. I said, Josh, you want to direct it? And he goes, you know, we got it into Josh doing it. And then it became like a, a thing to Josh where he couldn't, couldn't stop creatively thinking about it with, with him. Yeah. Ronnie, his partner and, and just, he, he would call me up with ideas and I'd be like, oh fuck, I thought I was just gonna do this. Just gonna do my act, man. I didn't know all this shit was coming. Hey, but it does have the Fear. Getting you outta your comfort zone was Pretty awesome. Yeah. I, I would call him up like a couple days after, I'd be like, wait a minute, why, why do we gotta do all this shit, man, let me just do my fucking act and Right. Do my songs and we'll cut to like my, it's working on the road. And he was like, well yeah, no, no, no, but just you in a small room, it's a little more people get to see you and see your mind thinking.


I was like, well, yeah, they get that one. I'm, I'm doing my fucking act that I've been writing for the last three years too. You know. But we did it Josh's way. It was cool. No, it was, it was a great, I mean, We, we collab your Thoughts and like Yeah. At one point, at one point I think Ronnie and I wrote like, I think we sent you like 25 pages of scripted Material. Oh yeah, yeah. In the beginning. And you were like, this is amazing. This is amazing. But like, what are we doing? 'cause I saw a dice, I saw a dice, right. Andrew Dice Clay special that he did when he performed at the Garden and there was like a 25 minute short film that kind of ah, showed the origins of that character. Yeah, yeah. Wow, wow. Yeah, it was great. He's got this, Him as a kid or so Yeah. He's like, he's like, nah.


And then he's got the, the the wife character. He is like you, he does his voice, you know what I mean? Like aw. I, well Anyway, I, I just like, I, I, and then we would, we got realistic about it and I really just wanted to just give the feeling like I live on Sunset Strip. The Richard Pryor album is like one of my favorite album. The the show is one of my favorite specials. And like, what's great is like, you do have that moment where you're seeing Richard Pryor arrive and they have that weird text that tells you someone was performing. I don't remember someone performed someone On before. Some like amazing musician perform beforehand, but they didn't show it to you because there was not enough time. But you see that and you're like, oh wow, this was like a whole night.


Yeah, yeah, yeah. And then you see him and then like, the greatest part of, of Richard Pryor is like Yeah. His jokes. And he, his, the way he sees life is amazing. But his acting is amazing. Oh yeah. That is what was so great about the commun albums. And you as an actor in general, your acting is incredible. So like, when you're watching you do some of these jokes, these super surreal jokes, you're selling it with your performance. And like to me that was like, it was, that's why I say it's like a movie. You're watching this guy arrive in this really shitty mood and then he slowly gets into it. And even though as much as the venue doesn't wanna let him get into it, he ends up kind of winning. Right. Right, right. Yeah. Yeah. That's true. Bill. When you do stand up, you do walk in with a mood and you gotta shake that fucking mood.


Or sometimes you're stuck with the mood and you suck that night. It ha it just happens. Or it takes you 20 minutes to get cooking or whatever it is. And this, this was a version of a comedian coming up. Too much shit's going on before the show to fucking really concentrate. Yeah. And then you get on stage and you go, oh shit, I got a show to do. And it's not fucking, it's not gonna go exactly the way I thought it was gonna be, Bill. I got there and I didn't really know exactly what was happening. And I go, why aren't we doing this in a, an arena? And then after you realized the intimacy of this was super cool, where it it reminded me of like, this is Adam's.


You know, like what Elvis did in that small place in the round. In the round, man, it totally had that beautiful feel to it. Is it better to be a small place or a giant arena? Because it's funny, like the, if you talk to like, the great bands, I think there's this like, it's really fun to do the giant arena or football stadium, but I think they really, they like when it's like a little more intimate. Yeah. You were afraid They feel like they connect with the audience a bit. Were a little bit, well yeah. I get, maybe it's an ego thing 'cause you're playing these big ass joints and you go, oh fuck, let me make sure I capture that. Yeah. So I can show my kids. No, I'm saying you were afraid just about doing the intimate one because you were so used to doing Playing giant Arena for 15,000 people.


I'll tell you, I, I like, when I pre prepare for these tours, I play the little rooms. I play Largo, Largo, little tiny spot at improv comedy store, whatever the Hayworth Theater I go on in front of 50, a hundred people. And I fucking, I'm so com calm in that, that number With that I don't feel like I'm letting that many people down when I suck. If I'm in a huge place and I suck. Yeah. I'm like, I feel calling 'em all up and going, I look, let's do this again. I apologize for how bad I was, but, so, but when we, we did this special and it was, what was it, 150 people? 150? Yeah. Something like that.


Wow. It felt fucking fun. It was nice. So you look, you look at people, you lock eyes, you're actually talking to them. You're not going, holy shit, let's keep cooking or, or we're gonna lose the energy. You know, you feel like you can sit and stuff a little longer. So it's nice. It's like when I saw Adam at Holy Cross when he came, same thing. Yeah. Like in the, the field house, like 300 people. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. Man, that was, boy, that was fun. Was Schneider there time? There's no way you, there's no way you remember, remember visiting Holy Cross through standup? Come on. No, I swear to God. I remember those days and, and it was when I was early SNL and I was doing all the colleges and Rob was doing that shit too. And, and Spade and, and Dana and, and Neil and all that shit.


I remember that. All of a sudden these field houses get, were getting bigger and bigger and like, more and more people were knowing you. Shit. That was exciting. Wait, I have a SNL thing quick. It's the 50th So. it is. I, I don't know what's gonna happen this year, but I know there's like, you know, they're gonna celebrate the season. They're gonna do all the documentaries. Like, are are you even gonna, like what's your involvement in all that, Adam? I don't know yet. I don't know. And, and, and Rob either. Like, I talked to Lauren recently and you know, they, they told us when it is, it's in February. And we, and we'll see what happens. Just Be ready, basically Be ready to do anything you want for the, for the, for the team.


Man. We just want, it's what an, it's gonna be an amazing night. We're all gonna be together. Always fun to be together. Every comedian you love and it's gonna be a big, big, big weekend. Not many things make me feel old, but SNL, having a 50th season makes me now feel like I need to reevaluate shit. Shit, man. Because I, I literally remember every point in my life, SNL was evolved and now it's like 50. Jesus can't wait. We, we gotta talk Anthony Edwards before you go. Anthony Edwards, Anthony Edward. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Sorry buddy. That I'm glad we can talk about it. I'm glad. No, this is, this was your guy, you adopted him. Yeah. And Our and Hustle. Yes. You were, you were touting his virtues.


Yeah. And he was like, he's, he was, you know, really feels like he could have been an actor another life. But then yeah, last spring goes to a whole other level. Ends up ripping through the playoffs, almost making the finals. And I don't know, you, you must have been like a proud dad. Ah, Texted You all the time about It. Yeah, we all, we all love him. I mean, everybody worked on the movie, got to know and what just a, just a great energy. Him in the Olympics was fun to watch. Oh my God. He's just superstar. Superstar And good person. He looks, seems like a good funny guy Too. Funny as hell. Says funny shit all day long. Calm, sweet. Just and He looks like Mike Jordan.


He has something. Yeah, he's a handsome basket. He played the Olympics perf perfectly. He was like, I idolized a rant. This is my favorite person ever. Yes. I'm just gonna follow him around. I love Steph Curry. He was like, I'm happy to be everybody's little brother. Yes. I respect everyone. I don't care if I play that much. Like I, I thought he did a great job. If, If it was similar to me and Schneider and Spade, when Dana and Phil Oh, and Harbin Are those guys. Yeah. And Kevin and, and Jan Hooks would kill you. Just like, I'm part of this shit. This is cool man. Let, let me watch them kill him. Oh my God. I Line, he's saying all the videos of the celebration Edwards is in like two thirds of them. I think people saw You just see him like everywhere.


Yeah, Yeah, yeah. He has A he has a real, he has just like a burning quality. Like he's just a Shines really bright. He's just not afraid of the moment. And his game, he has a, he had a couple of plays in the playoffs where he looked just like Jordan, didn't You think so? Like it was, yeah. Yeah. He's got So. it was crazy. And then I said to Sandler, I made a joke, and I'm not gonna say this as hyperbole, but I said, can you imagine if Jordan, Anthony, Edward, just not Michael Jordans, you know, that's not what I'm saying, but can you imagine if Jordan did do a movie and like, he did like a, I forgot what the, the, the comp was. I said he did like a what? The Nick Nokin Movie? Like No. Or like a a like a James Kahn movie or like movie.


And he, and he was the guy and Yeah. Yeah. Like, oh shit. And then they become like, they win multiple championships and they become one of the greatest players of all time. And you, you go back and you watch, you're like, oh shit. Like Right. Like if he was, if he was like Lamar and Revenge of the Nerds, he was like, just like one of the guys, I guess you could use say Kareem as a good cop because Kareem, but that was already, he was already A star. He was already a superstar. He was a this is the, he was a youngster, Anthony. I mean, but I Mean that script having read the script and was involved in that. Yeah, yeah, yeah. You know, I, when he, when he, He held right the script when I, when I saw, when I saw him, like when I saw like the first cut. Yeah. I like, holy shit, this guy can act. And he was, yeah. He just made that character certainly so much bigger.


That was so cool. That was Wacho Bill that the reason that happened, Right. I haven't picked him up on Wacho. Wacho is doing great. He kicked some ass in the Olympics and he is happy as hell. And he is in, he's playing in in Greece and he's, he's, he's doing good. But I remember when we were casting that part and said my, my teammate, he'd be really, he'd be really good as as what the hell's the Charact? Oh really? Yeah, yeah, yeah. And he said, oh wow, I didn't know that. And so then him and Jeremiah, the di director met and, and that's how that all happened. That was all. Well it seems like he's got the, he's got that same kind of thing that KG has or just like this natural overpowering charisma at all times.


Yeah. So happy, so funny. Every, everybody loved him. I remember the days when a lot of the, the superstars were together and they were playing hoop fucking, he was just such a fun bastard that they, they all loved him. They were all laughing at shit. And then Trey Young and and Anthony were having a half court like shoot off and shooting it. Like it's a fucking eight foot jump shot. They were both kind of like lightly throwing the shit in, hitting, you know, two, two out of three from half court. And they were just laughing and having such a nice time together. Yeah. Cool, cool, cool. Man. He's the coolest. And like, and I, and you got, you felt like the whole league, 'cause like the league is in a transition right now of like, who is the new face?


All these, these titans are, you know, how much longer are they gonna be playing? Who's gonna take the baton? And you know, for a while it was maybe John Moran and then it was, you know, at one point it was maybe gonna be Trey and then, you know, now we're, we, we don't know. And it's, everyone's like, okay, it's Anthony Edwards has the baton right now. And he kind of felt it. So Yeah. You know what I mean? He kind of felt like you're Talking, you're talking the American baton. Yeah, the American baton. Of course. Well I'm talking about Yoga has the baton. No, No, no, I'm not talking about skill skillset. I'm talking, talking about like stardom. You know what I mean? Like, there's a lot of amazing players in the league who are a lot of stars too. Oh my god. A lot of stars. But like, he just felt like everyone being like pushing it really hard, at least being like, oh, and like all of the advertisement and stuff.


And, and he, and he had, he released that amazing commercial, I don't know if you saw that. 'cause his sneakers are like, kids love those sneakers. Those are kind of like Right. My friend's son who's like nine years old, all he cares about are the Anthony Edwards sneakers. Oh, that's cool. And he did that commercial where they, where it was like all about receipts and how he's saving everyone's receipts and it's just printing up all the haters comments and he is saving all the receipts and he is basically, he's addressing the fact that everyone's putting all this weight on him right now. Anyway, he's cool. He is. Got a great attitude about it. My favorite thing is that he's convinced he's the best athlete in every sport. Because there was this moment in the Olympics where the, he was the ping pong, the women's team kind of challenged him and it seemed like he was ready to go.


And I, I was like, yeah, are we gonna have like a video of him trying to play, play the ping pong play? He showed Up at six matches. Yeah, yeah, yeah. He was, he was definitely into the Olympics. Man. When the Vikings quarterback got hurt McCarthy the rookie. Yeah. And now it's like basically down the Sam. Darn. And I was like, I bet in the back of Edwards' head he's like, I'm here if you need me to run, run the office. Yeah. I think I watched an interview with the ones where he said he was the best at fishing or something like that. I Was like, Yeah, how do you be the best at fishing like you? Yeah, he is. He could figure it out. Yeah. Alright, we gotta wrap. Yeah. Yo, good to see you guys. Thanks Joe. Special is, what is August 27th? Yeah, Yeah. August 27th. When's this all here called Love You today? Are we doing this live?


No, We're they wanted it to run. Oh, around they wanted it to run. Okay, cool. I think closer to the special. Okay. All right Man. Thanks. But yeah, Love You, how many Netflix things for you now? Oh Shit, I don't know a lot. Like I don't fucking know. 15. You might have the record, so I'm sure my name's on the few too many. First bout Hall of Famer, Netflix Hall Famer. Oh, I think so. All right. Good to see you guys. Congrats on the special. Hey Bill, thanks. Thank you Bill. Good seeing you. Thanks guys. All Right, bye. Later. All right, that's it for the podcast. Thanks to Kyle Creighton and Steve Saru for producing. As always, thanks to Josh Safdie and Adam Sandler. Thanks to Craig, Danny and Danny from The, Ringer Fantasy Football Show.


Don't forget new re watchable coming Monday night Purple Rain. You'll be able to watch it on The Ringer movies YouTube channel, and you can watch everything that we did on this podcast on the Bill Simmons YouTube channel as well. You better subscribe because when Cousin Sal and I come back for, I think it's our 18th NF NFL season, we're doing the podcast live on YouTube. You'll be able to hear it as well. But if you really want it like late at night East Coast time or middle of the night, eight 30 range West Coast time, we'll be doing it live on YouTube. So subscribe now to the Bill Simmons channel. I will see you on Tuesday with a FC over unders with the C.


That's right baby. We're Back. Must be 21 plus in President Select states for Kansas and affiliation with Kansas Star Casino or 18 plus in President dc. Gambling problem, call 100 gambler. Visit rg help.com. Call 1 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org/chat in Connecticut.


Or visit md gambling help.org in Maryland. Hope is here. Visit gambling help line ma.org or call 803 2 7 50 50 for twenty four seven. Support Massachusetts. Or call 1 8 7 7 8 Hope ny. Or Text Hope NY in New York.